!«
APPENDIX TO TH^ CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. IT,
30th Cong.....2d Sbss.
The Mexican Treaty-*—Mr. Stephens.
Ho. of Reps.
constitutional right against giving effect to a treaty.
In diplomacy as in trade,4n market overt, the doc-
trine of caveat emptor applies. This is precisely
the character of the treaty we are now discussing.
It provides for the payment of a sun? of money to
Mexico. This payment can only be made by. an
act of Congress. No'approprtation of money from
the treasury can be made but by law".
If the treaty was already not only a law, bat
" the supreme law of the land," why was this bill
introduced? Why did not the President-direct the
money to be drawn from the treasury by virtue of
the treaty? The question shows the fallacy of the
assumption. The treaty is not.the law of the land,
so far as it interferes with the constitutional rights
of this-House, until the sanction of this House is
obtained. We have nothing to do with making
treaties, Trepeat; but we have a vast deal to do in
watching and defending those rights, of which we
are the sole guardians under the Constitution
And we have the same right, and the same solemn
dutij to perform in withholding an appropriation
to carry out a bad treaty, that we have to with-
hold any other improper expenditure of the public
money.
This, Mr. Chairman, is no new doctrine. In
advancing this opinion—which in these days of
degeneracy have been pronounced to be wild, vis-
ionary, and disorganizing—I am but reiterating the
sentiments and opinions of many of the ablest and
purest men who lived in the early days of the Re-
public. This question was raised under our Con-
stitution for the first time in the debate that grew
out of Jay's treaty. The House of Representa-
tives was then honored by some of the most dis-
tinguished men the country has ever produced.
Mr. Madison—who has been justly styled the
Father of the Constitution, and who will ever be
entitled to be ranked amongst the first statesmen
of this or any other country—wss then a member
of this House," and perhaps the acknowledged
leader of it. By his side, and not much his infe-
rior, stood the distinguished Gallatin, who alone
of all his illustrious associates of that day, still
survives to enjoy in his old age'that fame which
integrity, genius, patriotism, and exalted worth
never fait to establish and secure. I ask the at-
tention of the committee to the opinions expressed
by these gentlemen. .
I read first from Mr. Gallatin, as he appeared
first in the debate: '
" A treaty unconstitutional, if it provides for doing such
thin as tin; doing of whicli is forbidden by the Constitution.
But if a irtnty erubiaeesj object-} within The spheio of the
gem-ral powers delegated to the J-Vdeu! Government, but
which have been oxciusnvelv and specially granted to a par-
ticular branch of p>vermm ut, (-rty to dm I'^'i-lanve depart-
ment,) j*ueh a treaty, tnoueh not tineonsfmihoual, dnps not
become the Jaw of the land until it lias obtained the sanc-
tion of that bianch.''
Again: •
" To what, he a^ked, would a contrary doctrine lead ? If
the pnwei of making treaties: is to n <.;de m the President
and Senate unlinuteiily; in other words, if in the exercise
oC this pmver the President and Senate are to be lesti anted
by no other branch of the Government, the Pie.-idont and
Senate mayabsoib ah legislative power: the Executive has
then nothing to do but to substitute a foieign nation to the
Hon-e of liepreM-utative«, and They may legi.-late to any
extent, if the treaty-making p->u «r is wiiunittd and un-
defined, it may extend to everv object of le<n.<!atio>i; under
it money may be borrowed, a Av.-J1 as commerce regulated ;
and why not money appropriated ? For, aiguin;; os thi-jvriii!''-
men do. they mijihtsay.tlic Constitution 5=ay-; that no money
>hail be drawn from tho treasury but in eori&ajuenee of ap-
p?opnatiun> made by law.; but treaties, whatever provisions
fhev may ront tin, are la-v; appioprianons therefore mav be
made by ftea'ie-; then U would have been the bhorte^t \va;>
to nave carried th<  i;-t<- treaty into eftect by the monument
7U="j.', bj addw.ir tf> it another a.u>le appropriating the neces-
sary j unjs. By rthat provision of the Constitution is the
feat^-makmi' p-nwr. a<rree ih:y to the construction of the
gen'i"ii)en, hii-iKd.' it limited by fie proviMona with
I"- poet to appropriation.:? Not mo e >o than by the oilier
•spocine powers granted to the J,c«;.-!ature. Is it hanfrd bj
a*i\ law pa-^ed'? If not, it must embiaee eveisthing, and
«H the obje<t*«of legislation. if not Inn'ilcd by ex'stin^ laws,
or if it re's"}'^ -he I "v-n u hu-h ela«h with if; or if the Le^is-
I'ltino is ohhq.-'! to r° eal the laws ?o cia^huig; then die
legifiauve po.vei ia fiu-t reticles m tiie President and £?e;iate,
and they e&n, by en,ploying an Imftan trine, pat-s any law
unuei the color of tieaty. Unless it is allowed that either
the power of the House over the purse-stiings is a (heck,
or the existing hu\s cannot be rr pealed by a'treatv, or that
the special pow.-rs granted to Con^ve-^ limit the general
power of tieaty making, there are no bounds to it; it nm^t
absoih all others, rencal all laws m eontuivention to it, and
act without control/'
Could a principle be more clearly stated, or an
argument be more conclusive? Comment upon
such a text would but detract from its force. I
read it*barely to Vet the House know how fully I
am sustained, by an authority of such high charac-
ter. 1 wish every member of this House would
read this entire debate. It was one of great inter-
est: the most important and exciting, perhaps,
ever had in the House of Representatives. The
contest was between the Republican and the Fed-
eral parties. The ablest champions on each side
were enlisted in the contest; and there were giants
here in those days.
Mr. Madison followed shortly after Mr. Galla-
tin had spoken. 1 read a portion of his remarks,
and deeply regret that I have not time to'read the
whole speech. He said:
" But the Question immediately under consideration, and
which the context and spun of-the Constitution must de-
cide, turned on the event of the tieaty power m relation to
the objects specifically and expressly submitted to the legisla-
tive power.
" It was an important, and appeared to him to be a deci-
sive view of the subject, that if the treaty power alone could
perform any one act for which the aiuhonty of Congres> is
required by the Constitution, il may perform every act for
which the authority of that part of the Government i> ic-
qnired. Congress have power to regulate trade, to declare
war, to raise armies, 'to levy, borrow, and appropriate
money, See. If by treaty, therefore* as paramount to the
legislative power, the President arm Senate can regulate
trade, they can also declare war, they can raise armies to
carry on war, and they can procure money to support ar-
mies. "
Again, he says:
"The force of this reaponingis not obviated bysayingthat
| the President and Senate would only pledge the public faith,
and that the agency o( Congress would he necessary to carry
it into operation: For, what difference does this make, if
the obligation imposed be, as is alleged, a constitutional one;
if Congress have no will but to obey, and if to disobey be trea-
son and rebellion against the Constituted authorities? Under
a constitutional obligation, with such sanctions to it, Con-
gress, in ease the President and Senate should enter into an
i alliance for war, would b.e no.thjng more than the mere
i heialds for proclaiming it. In fact, it had been said, that
i they must obey the injunctions of a treaty, as implicitly as a
i subordinate officer in the Executive line was hound to obey
■ the Chief Magistrate, or as the judges are bound to decide
! according to the laws."
Yes, sir; and this is the same argument we hear
now. The treaty, it is said, is the supreme law of
the land, and we are bound to obey its injunctions.
Mr. RHETT interposed-, and asked Mr. Ste-
phens if he would allow him to ask a question ?
Mr. STEPHENS having yielded, the floor—
Mr. RHETT inquired, to "what gentlemen on
this floor the gentleman was talking?
Mr. STEPHENS. Do you concur in my argu-
ment?
Mr. RHETT. In every word of it.
Mr. STEPHENS. Very well; then you are
not one of those to whom I allude.
Mr. RHETT. i have not heard a single gen-
' tlcman on either side of the House controvert"it.
! Mr. STEPHENS. The gentleman cannot say
! as much for hts President. He has controverted
I it: his message to this House controverts it. And
1 if the gentleman had been a regular attendant in
! his seat, he would have heard it controverted upon
j this floor.
! Mr. RHETT was understood to say, that so
| far as he recollected, he did not understand the
| President as contending for such a doctrine. He
i thought the question had been settled that the
House had the power.
| Mr. STEPHENS. The gentleman is so seldom
j in his seat that he prbbably has not read the pa-
[ pers which the President -has sent in. There is
; such a message. I will not take up time by read-
ing it for tire benefit of those who do not know
what it,contains. I am gratified, however, to hear
the gentleman from South Carolina say that he
concurs witn me as to the rights and powers of
this House; and 1 wish I could indulge the hope
that a similar sentiment prevails as generally as he
seems to think it does. Nothing but a conviction 1
on my mind that it does not could have induced :
me to consume so much time on this point. 1 feel
no less reluctant in trespassing upon die time of !
the House in presenting it, than I do ashamed of
the degeneracy of the times that requires it. A
great constitutional principle is at stake. I see one
of the main safeguards of public liberty, which
has been committed to the faithful charge and
keeping of this House, about to be abandoned
and surrendered to the encroachments of power.
But I am determined that it shall not be done by
my sanction, directly or indirectly. I shall, upon
this and all occasions while I am here, defend and
maintain, to the utmost of my ability, the consti-
tutional rights of this House. We are the imme-
diate representatives of the people; and in this
matter I am for the people and their rights, against
Executive encroachments. We have seen enough
of these encroachments within a few years past to
alarm every well-wisher to the country. We have
seen an Executive, in open disregard of the Con-
stitution, and m palpable violation of its plain let-
ter, make war with a neighboring country. We
have seen him claiming and exercising all the at-
tributes and prerogatives of an absolute sovereign
over conquered provinces. We have seen him
impose duties, establish a tariff, collect millions of
1 dollars, and appropriate them without .consulting
i Congress, and without authority of lav/. We
; have seen him make a treaty,- by which we are to
i pay millions of money for a territory which is
i likely to embroil the country in a fearful civil dis-
1 cord; and after hiding and secreting an important
paper touching the construction of amendments
made by the Senate, we have seen him proclaim
this treaty as the supreme law of the land, and re-
quire at nur hands, as a fluty which we are bound
to perform, to make the necessary appropriations,
without the right on our part to inquirejnto the
propriety or expediency of the measure.
+. Sir, as one of the representatives of the freemen '
of this country, I dare stand up in thfs Hall, con-
secrated to the rights of the people, and raise my
voice against the consummation of these monstrous
outrages. And as a shield to protect me in the
position I occupy, ajaiftst all assaults, come from
what quarter they may, I hold up the resolution
which I have in my hand, nnd which is the em-
bodiment of the principles of the old Republican
party in 1796, as to the obligation imposed by a
treaty upon the action of this House. This reso-
lution passed by a majority of frfty-four to thirty-
seven! For it Mr. Madison and Gallatin and
Baldwin, Livingston, Giles, and all the Republi-
cans voted. I ask the attention of the committee
to its language and the principles it proclaims.
Resolved, That, it being declared by the second section of
the second article of the Constitution, that the Piesuient
shall have power, by nnd with the advice and consent of the
Senate, to make treaties, provided two-thirds of the Sen-
ators p>esent concur, the f Jo use of Representatives do not
claim any agency iriinakn.g ueaties; but that, when a tieaty
stipulates regulations on any of the subjects submitted bv
the Constitution to tiie power ot Congress, it must depend
for ltd execution, as to such stipulations, on alaw oi laws to
be parsed by Congress; and it is the constitutional right and
duty of the House of Representatives, in all such ca-ies, to>
deliberate on the expediency or'inexpediency of carrying
such treaty into effect,, and to determine and acttheieon as,
_ in their judgment, may be most conducive to the public
I good,"
These ave the principles on which I rely. And
in pursuance of these principles, I this day claim,
and shall exercise the constitutional right, as I feel
j it to be my duty to do, to inquire into the expe-
i diencyof voting disappropriation contained in this
bill to carry tins Mexican treaty into effect.
And  having said thus much, Mr. Chairman,
upon the subject of the right, I shall now offer some
: reasons why I shall exercise this right by voting
j against this appropriation.
I In the first place then, sir, I am opposed to the
; principles and policy on which this treaty rests,
I and of which it is an acknowledged result. It is
but the sequel and consummation of a war of ag-
ression and c<>nnaest. A policy so utterly destruc-
tive to all the piinciples on which our Government
is founded, can never rcceive my sanction. The
first great duty for a Representative on this floor is
to preserve the purity and integrity of the Constitu-
tion. Nothing roujd be more entirely subversive
of ths whole superstructure of tins Government
than the establishment of the principle that pro-
voked this war and directed its progress. I op-
posed it ill the beginning, and I shaft continue to
oppose it to the end. It has no pretext for its justi-
fication, but an unholy lust of dominion and extent
of empire. It has no warrant m the Constitution.
It is at war with every principle on which the
; Government was founded. Ours is a Republic
;j based upon the great truth, that every nation of,
j, people have a right to govern themselves accord-
| ing to their own free will and choice. With this ' '
j view our fathers claimed the right of self-govern-
. ment; they asserted that right if! the establishment
of the institutions under which we live; and these
institutionscan only be maintained by the preserva-
j tion of this principle. It is the very spirit and life of
I the whole body politic. This preservation depends
