1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
km
30th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican Treaty—Mr. Stephens.
Ho. of Reps.
.as much upon a strict observance of it in all our
relations with other nations, as it does on a rigid
adherence to the same in all our domestic policy.
This war with Mexico may be considered as the
commencement of a new era in the history of this
country. The reckless and ambitious idea of con-
quest was never before entertained by American
statesmen. This is our firststep in that fatal course
that proved the destruction and overthrow of all the
great Republics that have gone before us: and
who can promise himself that it will be less disas-
trous to us in its tendencies than it has been to
others? Whenever the immutable principles of
right are abandoned, and error, however specious,
tempting:, and fascinating is adopted either by in-
dividuals or nations, the merited chastisement will
in due season inevitably follow. This is by a law
as fixed, controlling, and inflexible as that by
which effects succeed causes, and by which all
things materia! about us and around us are held
together and governed. These principles were well
understood by the wise men who gave us the form
of government which we possess, and under which
we have heretofore been so prosperous and suc-
cessful. They lie at the foundation of our entire
system—they form more than the corner-stone—
the whole superstructure in solid mass rests upon
them; and if they be removed and upturned, the
stately edifice, with all its grandeur, can no longer
stand—a common and general ruin must be the
inevitable consequence.
Gentlemen on different sides of this House speak
daily almost of a dissolution of the Union or ques-
tions growing out of a disposition of these con-
quests. Some say that the Union cannot survive
the passage of the Wilmot proviso. On the other
side, we heard the other day a gentleman from
New Hampshire {Mr. Wilson] assert that he was
for the proviso, if the Union or even the universe
should thereby be dissolved. Now, for my own
part, I think there is a much greater and a graver
question before us this day, than that of either
extending or prohibiting the institutions of the
South in California and New Mexico, It is the
> question of sanctioning by this House the outrages
and aggressions upon the Constitution by which
the acquisition of these territories is to be consum-
mated ! Whence do you derive your authority,
either in reason, justice, or that great chart which
prescribes the rule of your action and the limita-
tion of your powers to dismember a neighboring
republic, despoil her of extensive provinces, and
hy subjugation to compel her alien and an un-
willing people to yield to you their allegiance? If
this principle is to be sanctioned, and this policy
is to be adopted—if this first step in a new, wild,
and lawless career of aggression is to be followed
fry other and more rapid strides in the same fatal
direction, I am free, frank, and bold to assert here
in my place to this House, and to the whole
American pcopi-e, that the day is not far'distant
when it will be found that there will be very little
left in this Union—much as I value its past, and
•appreciate its present, and hope for its future—
Which v/ill be worth preserving. The safeguards
thrown around our institutions by the Constitu-
tion will be swept away. "That instrument will
be defunct. It will be a dead letter, it may pre-
serve its form for a time; and the Government, as
a huge inanimate monster, may also preserve its
form for a time; but its life,"its spirit—its soul, that
principle that looks towards and longS for immor-
tality—will be gone, and we shall become as loath-
some as creeping vermin, crawling and feeding on
its dead carcass! It cannot be otherwise—the truth
• is beyond all disguise. We should not deceive our-
selves: might, as we have heretofore been taught,
does not constitute right. But this is the mon-
strous doctrine now about to be established. There
are none so blind as not to see it. ft could not
even escape the discernment of the untutored sav-
age. For my country's .honor, I could but feel
humiliated in reading what Captain Johnson in his
Journal (Ex. Doc. 41, page 580) records of a con-
versation between an Indian chief and General
Kearny, on his march to California. He says:
" Ju^t as we wcrp l«>a\ing camp to-day, an old Apache
chit'f came in, and harangued the General thus: ( \ ou ha\ e
taken Santa F6 ; let us Lfo tin and take Chihuahua and So-
nnra ; we will go willi joti; you tor the S"j|, \w fight
for plunder; so we wilt auiee perk'Otlj'. Then people are
bud Christians; let us give them a good thia&htng," &c.
This old chief, sir, was right. He who makes
war upon a weak neighbor for soil, is no better
than he who fights for plunder.
You cannot escape this issue by attempting to
draw consolation from the flattering and delusive
cry of National Glory, National glory springs
from no such source. It is no foster-child of vio-
lence, oppression, and wrong—of robbery, pillage,
and rapine. Truth, justice, uprightness, or right-
eousness (as the wise man says) exaiteth a nation,
but sin, or that which is wrong, is a reproach to
any. people. The glory of thos^ nations which
have inscribed their names amon°:st'the first on the
roll of fame is not to be found in the history of
their conquests. The monuments of their great-
ness are to be seen m the productions of art, the
creations of genius, the refinement of taste, the per-
fection of morals, and the works of learning and
science. You p-erceive.it in their paintings, their
sculpture, their architecture, their poetry, their ora-
tory, and their philosophy. But if you wish to
acquaint yourself with lamentable instances of na-
tional disgrace and degradation incurred by iniquity
and crime, you have but to open the annals of san-
guinary wars waged from motives of national ag-
grandizement and personal ambition. Those who
glory in such deeds glory in their own shame. The
cry of Gold, which has also been raised for the
same'purpose, is equally unavailing* Mines of
great ijchness and treasures inexhaustible in Cali-
fornia, it is said, have been acquired by the war,
and therefore all is right. The end not only justi-
fies but sanctifies theSmeans. Of all the appeals
which have been made by way of excuse or ex-
tenuation of the course of the Administration upon
this subject, this to me appears to be the lowest,
the meanest, the most corrupting, and the most
despicable! It is the plea of the cheat, the knave,
the thief, the highwayman, the brigand, and the
lawless of every grade-and character! The man
who picks your pocket, does it for gold. The man
who demands your purse, does it for gold. The
man who basely sells himself or his country, does
it for gold. The detested pirate who, as an out-
cast from all civil society, scours the seas and
makes his home on the ocean wave, seizing and
appropriating by violence all that comes within
his reach and power, is in pursuit of the same sor-
did object—gold. And where is the difference be-
tween him and me, and him and you, if yoy and I
should prove ourselves to be so lost to all sense of
ngh,tas to justify wrong, even although all the gold
in California, and Peru besides, were to be acquired
thereby? Sir, if I believed that all the extrava-
gant stories we hear of the mines in California were
true, which I do not, it would make no difference
with me. If her soil were lined with gold, if it
stood out in solid mountain piles as high as her
own Sierra Nevada, I should spurn the degrading
temptation.
But I have another reason for voting against
carrying this treaty into effect. What I have said
relates exclusively to the principle of conquest—
the policy of taking by force that which belongs
to another: apart altogether from these considera-
tions,. i am, and always have been, and always j
shali be, utterly opposed to the acquisition of any ]
additional territory to this Union, by purchase, '•
treaty, or otherwise, which may likely disturb the l
peace and quiet of the country* If, therefore, this j
treaty had not been the extorted concession, as it
is, of a vanquished party; if it had been the result j
of friendly negotiations in time of peace, as it has ■
not been, I should oppose carrying it into effect ;
until those disturbing questions growing out ot it, ,
which now so greatly excite and agitate the public
mind, were first settled and adjusted. I am for this
Union as it is, if it can be preserved and maintained
in its purity and integrity. If the President and
Senate should be so unwise as to enter into a
treaty sunendenng the city of New York or New
Oi leans, or interfering with any of the righis of the
States, is there any man here who would vote to
carry it into effect? Not one, I suppose. And
why? Because it would endanger the Union.
Well, should we not be just as cautious in giving ■
effect to any other treaty which may be fraught
with the same danger' Before the treaty defining ]
our northeastern boundary was carried into effect,,
the assent of Maine was first obtained. And would ;
it not be well—would it not be wise—is it not indis- \
pensable—is it not a duty of the highest order we j
owe to the country, that there should be an adjust-
ment of those sectional differences growing,out ot
any treaty of this kind, before it is carried into
effect? Are you prepared to hazard the result?
Why not first see whether we can agree upon a
disposition of these Territories, before you declare
that they shall be part and parcel of this -country?
To you, men of the North, i speak.with calmness-,
but fixed determination—I cannot and will'not
vote one dollar from the public treasury for the *
acquisition -of any territory From which my sec-
tion. is to be excluded; nor will I vote one dollar
for such a. purpose, until I know what is to be
your policy upon this subject. „ I do not intend to
enter into an estimate as to which section contrib-'
uted most blood in this war, or which will con-*
tribute most of the money. I am free to admit that
the North contributed as freely and largely as the
South, and that the South contributed as vvtllingly
and generously as the North. We, being nearer
the sccne of action, may have, sent a larger num-
ber of volunteers, and you may have furnished the
larger number of the enlistments; this, I believe*
is the truth of the case* But it is a consideration
of too paltry a character to make prominent in
our wranghngs here. It is sufficient that both sec-
tions contributed their quota* All that were asked
for were cheerfully rendered, and thousands more v
were ready to go if a call had been made for their
services. Those who did go, from all sections, went
under a common flag; they went as Americans-,
brothers, and patriots, prompted by a nobler and a
higher motive, I doubt not, than personal cupidity
or that auri sacra fames—that raging, consuming
thirst for gold that is now excited and pandered to.
It was the call of their country, and they obeyed,
it. The fires of war had been kindled, and they had -
to be extinguished. With these views and feelings,
men of all parties and sections promptly and cor-
dially united. I am not one <?f those who en-
tertain the opinion that patriotism in this country .
is confined to any locality. It is a plant which,
when properly cherished, grows as indigenously
and as luxuriantly upon the granite hills of New
England, as it does in the broad savannahs of the
South, and the ocean-like prairies of the West.
And in our army in Mexico there stood, side by
side, gallant-hearted men from Pennsylvania, New
York, the old Bay State, South Carolina, Georgia,
Virginia, Tennessee, Kentucky, Illinois, Ohio, and
al! the Slates. The blood of the North and the
South commingled in the"valley of the Rio Grande,
at Monterey, Buena Vista, Cerro-Gordo, Chur-
ubusco, and Chapultepec. Clay and Hardin,
McKee and Lincoln, Yell and Hamer, Butter and
Webster, ar.d'many others, if not so distinguished,
at least quite us patriotic,, from the two great sec-
tions respectively, sacrificed their lives upon the
altar of their common country, and in the support #
of a common cause. There was with them no
quarrels and divisions upon questions of North .
and-South, free States and slave States, as we find
at this time in this Hall and throughout the coun-
try; but in unity and harmony they stood together
and fell together, just as the fathers of many of
them stood and fell at Trenton, Brarsdywine,
Eutaw, and Yorktown-*—Lundy's Lane, North
Point, and New Orleans; and jnst as I would re-
joice to see the members of this House to-day, and
at all times, stand up and act together upon all great
national questions.
But to you, men of the North., I again say, Do
you expect us of the South to contribute both our
blood and our money for the acquisition of a ter-
ritory for your own exclusive enjoyment, and from
whiclfwe are to be prohibited'—a country hedged
in and walled high with prohibitions and restric-
tions against us; with free ami open ingress to you,
with your property, your hetds, r\nd cattle, but
with every avenue, gate_, and entrance to us, with
our men-servants and maidservants, bolted and
barred and guarded with the flaming sword of a
legislative act? If you do, I tell you, in frankness
1 fear you hazard too much. As you value this
Union, you had better pause before you resolve to
put this to the teat. I shall not undertake to say
what may be the consequcnco. I shall not indulge
in the language of threat or mein^e. 13ut it is my
duty to speak to you in words of soberness and
caution. I shali not even venture to say what
course Che South ought to pursue in such a con-
tingency: the people of the South must decide that
question for themselves when the act is consum-
