1849.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
149
30th Cong.....'2d Sess.
The Mexican Treaty—Mr. Stephens.
Ho. op Reps,
sion. And though some gentlemen seegt to be ex-
ceedingly anxious to get that resolution expunged
from your records, I tell them their labor is in
vain. There it will continue to stand forever as
the greatest moral achievementever beforemadeby
the American House of Representatives. He said
at first that war should not be waged for conquest;
and now that its full history is disclosed, it appears
that, with this profession upon his lips, he had long
before made arrangements and perfected schemes
for the permanent possession of California. He
pretended to be opposed to the constitutionality of
the Wilrnot proviso; and yet he signed the Oregon
bill that contained it. The reasons given in his
message to the House for this strange act of du-.
.plicity and double-dealing towards his own section,
were no less extraordinary than fallacious. The
intimation that it received his sanction, because it
came within the principles of the Missouri com-
promise line, may be credited by those who are
not acquainted with the facts of the case. But no
man could be credulous enough to grant him the
merit of sincerity who knows, as you and I do,
that the Missouri compromise principle had been
expressly rejected from that bill by this House.
The Sooth had been deceived, and a false pretext
was resorted to, to quiet their apprehensions. No s
man can judge of what he will do by what he says.
For in that same message the country wa3 given
to understand that he would never sanction a bill
containing the proviso applied to California 'and
•Hew Mexico; and yet I heard the geotleman
from Pennsylvania, the author of this proviso,
[Mr. "Wilmot,] declare in that area there, in my
presence, and that of other gentlemen, when the
Oregon bill was before the Senate last session, and
when there was doubtentertained whether he would
sign it, if passed, that he had had an interview with j
the President, two years ago, when be had or was j
about offering his "proviso to the three-million bill, f
and that this same President had urged him not ;
to obstruct that measure with it, but to bring it in _
as a separate proposition, and it would not be un- 1
popular even in Mississippi. Whether he intended i
then to deceive the gentleman from Pennsylvania, j
or whether his policy*towards the people of the j
South on this subject is now one of deception, 1 |
. shall leave for those to determine who may feel i
interested in such a speculation. "I
It affords me no pleasure to speak thus of the j
character of'a Chief Magistrate; nor would I I
willingly, (as was intimated the other day on the j
other side of the House,) at this time, give any '
unnecessary pang to the dying agonies of his ad- j
ministration. It dies hard enough, I have no j
doubt. And if I have heretofore, or now, spoken ,
- in terms of severity towards him or his measures, .
it has been from no motive fcut a sense of duty. !
A knave is a knave to me, in every state, whether j
upon a pillory or near a throne. And, in all that ,
I have said, I feel conscious of no cause of regret
or reproach to myself, except from a consideration
of the decree of my forbearance. Sir, it Would re-
quire a master-hand to portray, in proper colors,
the enoi mities of misrule in the government of this
country for the last four years, under the guidance
and control of his mischievous councils; that will
be the heavy task of the historian, when he comes
hereafter to trace their effects upon our future pro-
gress and destiny.
But the assumption that there is no variance
v between the assurances of the protocol and the
intention and effect of the Senate's amendments, is
just as untenable as that in relation to the practice
of the Government. Gentlemen have contended
'on this floor, as the President has argued, that
there is no inconsistency and no difference between
them. Upon this point X join issue. There is, in
my opinion, an essential difference, and a differ-
ence out of which a serious difficulty will almost
certainly arise. And when Z make a point I do
not intend that it shall either be misunderstood or
evaded. The protocol, amongst other things, gives
this solemn Assurance: that,
" Confoimably to the laws of the United State?, legitimate
titles to eveiv desenption of propt-rty, personal and real,
existing in the* ceded territories, are those winch were legiti-
mate titles under the Mexican law in California and IVvv
Mexico up to the 13th May, 1846, end m Texas up to the 2d
March, i&36."
This assurance amounts to nothing short of a
guarantee on the part of the United States that all
•the titles and grants to land in Texas, which were
good and valid according to the laws of Mexico f
up to the 2d March, 1836, will be held and con-^
sidered valid and legitimate by our courts. .This
is exactly tvhat the 10th article of the original
treaty provided for. That article, we all- know,
was unanimously stricken out in the Senate. The
President himself advised its rejection. That arti-
cle, as it originally stood before it was stricken
out, was in the following words:
"All grants of land made by the Mexican Government, or
by the competent authorities in terrttoiies previously apper-
taining to MfXit-n, and reimunfii? for the luturc within the
limits of the United States, shall he respected us valid to the
same extent that the same grams would be valid if' the said :
territories had remained within the limits of Mexico. But ]
the grantees of lands in Texas, putin po&ses nm thereof, ,
who, by reason of the circumstances o! the country since !
the beginning of the troubles between Texas and the Mexi- '
can Government, may have been pieverited from fulfilling i
all the conditions of their grants, shall be undei the obliga- \
tion to fulfill the said conditions within the periods limited
in the .same respectively, such periods to be now counted
fiom the date or the e xchange of ratification of this Ueaty; j
in default of which, the said grduts shall not be obligatory i
upon the State of Texas in vutue ol the stipulations con- '
tamed in thi* article.
"The foregoing r-tipulation in regard to grantees of land
in Texas is extended to all gianteesol land in tho*termones
afore&aid.elsewhere than m Ttxa . put in possc^ou under
t-ueh gianV; and in default oi the fuihHment nf tne condi- ■:
tions of any Mich grant, within the new period, winch, a^ is
above stipulated, begin* with the duyof the exchange of i,
ratifications ot this treaty, (he same shall be null and void. i ';
The Mexican Government declares tbat no grant what- ',
ever of lands in Texas hat been made since the second day ; i
of March, one thousand eight hundred and unrty-oix, and !
that no giant whatever of land in any of the tern tones afore- | i
said has been made since the thirteenth day ot May, one |j
thousand eight hundred and fort>-eix." j |
And, notwithstanding there was not a single jj
Senator"who voted to retain it, yet these commts- j!
sioners have assured the Government of Mexico j!
that the Senate meant nothing by its rejection, and
that, conformably to the law of the United States, :
tile courts here will hold all those grants and titles !
to land in Texas to be good and valid, as well with- j
out as with the original tenth article of the treaty.
Mr. PETTIT was understood to inquire if the 1
gentleman stated that the protocol affirmed that the !
titles were good ? '
Mr. STEPHENS. Yes, the protocol affirms
that all those titles which were good or legitimate j
according to the Mexiq^n law og the 2d March,
1836, are according to our law now legitimate or
good. "
Mr. PETTIT said he understood the declaration
of the protocol to be merely that these titles retained
all their legal value which they had under the
Mexican laws. . '
Mr. STEPHENS. That is what it declares, t
and that is what the original tenth article intended t
to secure, but what the Ameiican Senate utterly I
refused to stipulate for. Gentlemen must keep m ;
mind the nature and character of that class of titles j
here alluded to and intended to be embraced by the ,
language used. They are known as the empresano j
grants. They were a soi t of conditional grants i
issued before the 2d March, 1836, or the date of '
the Texas revolution. But at that time they were, !
according to Mexican law, perfectly good and valid Y
upon a fulfillment of the conditions on which they ,
were made. These grants covered a largo por- >
tion of the best land in Texas. But since the rev- j
olution, Texas has disregarded those titles, bhe t
virtually abrogated or confiscated them, as she had <
a right to do, and has granted them to her own ;
citizens. But who now will assert that these titles, j
accord in®- to our law, retain uli the legai \ulue
which they had on the 2(1 March, 1836, accoiding
to Meiican law ? I should like to liesr from the
gentleman from Texas, whether his State is pre-
pared to give to them all the validity or legal -salue
which they had on the 2d March, 1836'
Mr. KAUFMAN, in reply, said that Texas
never confiscated an acre of titled land. It is Hue
that the empresario contracts existing at the clecla- ;
ration of Texan independence, on the 2d oi March,
1836, were suspended by Texas. These cmp.esa-
no contracts have been denominated titles giants; ,
but they were neither titles 1101 gi ants'. A n empre- ;
sario contract was nothing more than a specmca- j
tion of certain metes and bounds, within which the
empresario was authorized to introduce seuleis oi i
colonists; and for every hundred colonists intro-
duced into the limits prescribed by said emnresa- ,
rio contract, the empresario was to be entitled to
five leagues of land. Each family setthng within ,
Baid contract was entitled to a league ot land, i he i
titles to the settlers for these lands, and to the em-
presario for his premium lands, had to come from
the Government of Mexico, or the States of Mex-
ico, with the consent of the General Government.
The land within the limits of the empresario con-
tract remained public land, belonging to the Mex-
ican Government, except so far as it was titled to
the settlers and to the empresario, as he proceeded
in the introduction of settlers. The further colo-
nization of these empresario contracts was merely
suspended by Texas. All legal titles issued by
Coahuila and Texas, or by Mexico, previous to
the Texan revolution, have been uniformly re-
spected by Texas. The protocol only speaks of
grants or titles, and cannot have any bearing upon
these empresano contracts. The law of Texas
suspended the empresario, contracts of citizens, as
well as of foreigners.
Mr. STEPHENS. The gentleman may call
these grants contracts; but that is immaterial, as
we know full well that all grants are'contracts; the
name does not change the thing; they were titles
known to the law, and legitimate titles of value
under the law on the 2d March, 1836; and call
them titles, grants, or contracts, or whatever other
name you may, they were rendered useless, worth-
less, and void by Texas. You may call it sus-
pended, confiscated, abrogated, or nullified. And
as to whether the protocol, m using the words
grants and titles, did or did not intend to have any
bearing upon this particular class of contracts or
grants, that can be easily determined by a refeience
to the papers. The tenth article of the original
treaty before alluded to contained this stipulation. ^
But the grantees of lands in Texas, put in pos- "
session thereof, who, by reason of the circum-
stances of the country since the beginning of the
troubles between Texas and the Mexican Govern-
ment, may have been prevented from fulfilling aii
the conditions of their grants, shall be under the
obligation to fulfill the said conditions within the
periods limited in the same, respectively. From
this it is evident the tenth article had special lefer-
ence to that class of titles. Mr. Buchanan must
have so understood it; for, in speaking of this tenth
article, he says:
To iesu«enato ^ueh giant-, and to allow the grantees
the same period after th< exchange ol the ratifications of tins
treaty, to which thev were originally entitled, for tlie pur-
pose of performing the conditions 011 which these sirantMi.td
been made, even if tin? could be jiccomplwhed hv the power
of the Government of the United Slates, would work mani-
fold injustice.
" These Mexican grants, it is understood, cover nearly
the whole seacoast and a large portion oi" the interior of
Texas. They embrace thriving villages, and a Dumber of
cultivated faims, the propuetors of which have acquired
them bonehtfv by purchase Aom the State of Texas. Tlie«.e
proprietors are now dwelling in peace and security. To
revive dead till*, and sulfer the inhabitants of Texas to be
ejected under them fioni their po->sesaions would be an act -
of fla-nant injustice, if not wanton cruelty. Fortunately,
this Government posses&es no power to adopt such a pro-
ceeding."
It will be perceived- that he does not call them
contracts either,- or suspended contracts; but he-
speaks of them as grants and titles, dead under the
taws of Texas, which it is not in the power of this
Government to resuscitate.
And now the language of the protocol, in refer-
ence to the original tenth article, 13 in these words:
"3d The Amciican Government, by suppressing the tenth
article of the treaty of Guadalupe did not inanv wa\ intend
to annul the grants ot laud* made bv Mexico, in the ceded
Temtorie*. Th«-.e grains, notwithstanding the suppression
of ihp article of the treaty, preseive the legal value which
they ma\ po^ess, and the gtantees may cause their legit-
imate titles to b^; .sckuowltdgt d before the American tri-
bunal. „ ,
<> Confornnbtv to the law of the United State*, legitimate
titles to eveivdescriplton ol property, personal and" real, ex-
isting m the ceded TcrtUone>-, are tho^e which were legit-
imate title®, under the Mexican law, in California awl Nvw
Mexico, up to the 13th Ma>, and in Texas up to the
2d March, 1836."
From this no man, it seems to me, can doubt
that the assurance of this protocol does apply to
and embrace these conditiona^grants, and that it
does virtually reinstate the original 10th article of
the treaty. It is useless for the President to say,
as he does in his message, that the language of
the protocol in this particular "is, simply, that
t the nullification of this article was not intended
'to destroy valid legitimate titles to land, which
'existed and were in full force independently of
4 the provisions and without the aid of this arti-
c cle. Notwithstanding it has been expunged from
•the treaty, these grants were to 'preserve the
