im
' ■ v
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 11,
30th Conu 2d Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mf. Bridges.
Ho. of Reps.
•legal value which they may possess.'" The
protocol affirms, in effect, what shall he legitimate
titles. It asserts that those titles in Texas which
were legitimate on the 2d March, 1836, wilt be held
to be legitimate by our law, though they be now
ieai by the law of Texas. Yojj cannot escape
from this points by any art of reason or mystification
of argument; neither can there be any doubt that
Mexico so,understands it. I have not alluded to
other palpable differences between the protocol
and the amended treaty,for my time wtl! not allow
Hie. I have alluded to the one oat of which a con-
troversy will most probably arise. I have done
this to show the actual condition of our relations
with Mexico. Before we go further, would it not
be better for the regularly constituted authorities
of the two coufttries "to take a review of the matter,
and come to a perfect a^teement upon the subject,
about which there can afterwards be no grounds of
cavil or complaint? The dealings of nations with
each other, like the dealirgs of individuals, should
be clear and distinct. If you, by an agent, had
made a contract with another,and, before the time
of the fulfillment of it on your part, you became
apprised of the fact, that, without your authority,
knowledge,or consent, your agent had transcended ■
his powers, and had attached conditions that you
Md expressly refused, would you not instantly
demand an investigation, and have the matter set-
tled before proceeding any further with the busi-
ness? If such course would be proper in our pri-
vate affairs, why is it not equally so when the
public interest is concerned ? Do you intend to
rely upon "the treaty, as amended bv the Senate,
and pay no attention to the explanations, assu-
rances^ and guarantees of the protocol, and without
•giving any notice to Mexico of the construction
you place upon the treaty? This is evidently the
policy adopted by Mr. Rolk. But to ro§ it looks
■very much like the policy of tne cheat and the
swindler. He cheated bis own country in the be-
ginning, and now he intends, even after robbing
them, to cheat the Mexicans in the end.. My time
■will not allow me to say more upon this point; and
I submit it without further remark to the consider-
ation of the committee.
And now, Mr. Chairman, ! have shown,! think,
that we have the constitutional right without doubt
to reject this appropriation, if we do not approve of
the expediency of the treaty. I have shown that the
treaty is nothing but the result and consummation
of a policy of conquest, which is utterly opposed to
the principles of our Government, and which, if
pursued, will lead to its inevitable destruction; and
that, therefore, in my opinion, we should exercisc
our constitutional light in preventing it from being
carried into effect. I have also attempted to show
the great danger and impolicy of acquiring any
more territory, in any way, unless all questions
growing out of it tending to disturb the peace and
harmony of the Union, as this acquisition does,
should be first settled; and therefoie this appro- j
priation, for that reason, apart from all others, |
ought not to be made, until we can see whether
those disturbing questions can be peacefully ad-
justed.
-i have, in addition,'and still further, I trust,
shown, that there is a clear misunderstanding be-
tween the parties to this treaty, touching the con-
' struction placed upon important parts of it by them,
respecti«ely; and that'therefore, for this reason, if
no other, all action on our part to carry it into
effecushould at least be postponed until there is,
by mutual agreement, a distinct acknowledgment
of the full meaning and import by which each, m
good faith, is to be considered as bound.
And having submitted those views which influ-
ence me in voting against this bill, I wish to say
but a few words in conclusion.
I know there are many gentlemen in this House
arise, as you perceive, altogether from other con-
siderations. To preserve the national faith beyond
all imputation or reproach, as I shatl^ever be as
ready as any one to do, I am willing to vote for a
bill appropriation thp money which shall at the
same time disaffirm the treaty. So far as the
money is concerned, I believe it would be good
policy to-day to give Mexico not only the twelve
millions yet to be paid her, but as many more mil-
lions, if we eouid thereby get rid of the effects and
consequences of carrying this treaty into effect.. I
would also be willing to pay all oar own citizens
the full amount of their just claims against Mexico
which"have been assumed by this Government.
But all this I should do ex gratia, and not ex debito
justicice. I should do it as a matter of favor, and
not as a matter of right or duty. I should do it
from no other consideiations than those of gener-
osity, liberality, and magnanimity.
THE SLAVERY QUESTION.
SPEECH OF MR. SAMUEL A. BRIDGES,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
Is the House of Representatives,
February 17, 1849,
In Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, upon the bill to provide for carrying into
effect the late Treaty with Mexico.
Mr. BRIDGES said:
Mr. Chairman: I- had not intended to address
[ the committee at this time upon what seems to be
| the great topic of the day, but to embrace an
j opportunity when the "bill to establish a gov-
| ernment in Upper California," which has been
! reported by the chairman of the Committee on
| Territories, should be before this committee for
; consideration, to express my views upon it. That
j time I thought would be peculiarly fitting for the
! purpose, inasmuch as the twelfth section of the
| bill involves a principle which to me is objection-
j able, not on account of the great object intended
| to be accomplished by it, but because I believe,
' that at this time it is impoliticand'inexpedient to
j attempt to enforce it. HHvmg uniformly taken a
j position against it since I have been a member of
' this House, 1 think it obligatory upon myself', and
| a duty which I owe to my constituents, to explain
! the reasons which have prompted me to take that
i position, and I propose to do so at this time. The
i section of the bill to which I have alluded reads
as follows:
i " That the 'nhnlntiinb of ?nid Territory r-bal! be entitled
, Jo enjoy ail and singular the rights, privileges, and advan-
, tug<-? gmnlcd and sfeuted lo the" people of the Territory of
Ihe United Statts iionluvtM oi the river Ohio, by the article
of compact contameil in the ordinance for the government
of (?aid territory, on the thirteenth day of July, seventeen
hundred and eiyhtv-soven, and shall be subject to all the
conditions, restnetions, and piohibitions in said articles of
compact impost d upon the people ot s-aid Temtory.,;
That portion of the ordinance of 1787, referred
to in this section, is to be found in the sixth article,
and reads as follows;
"There shall be neither slavery nor involuntary servitude
in the said territory, otherwise than in the punishment of
■j crimes whereof the party shall have been duly convicted:
' Provided, always, That any pe^on escaping into the same,
fioin whom labor or service Ja^wltiliy claimed in any owe
of the original State.-, sut-h fugitive may be lawfully re-
claimed, and conveypd to the person claiming bis or her labor
oi service as aforesaid.n
This, then, directly brings up the question,
whether Congress has the power to extend this
restriction to any tewitory belonging to the United
States? For my own part, I have never for a
moment doubted the full and complete power of
Congress to do it, whenever it thought proper; i
and the more I examine the subject, the more I
i -i • j °     ~~~~ j, am confirmed in my opinion. It must be noticed
^ave^ait^w'in'iievf^th'l '"°S't T Ti °f ' '' that the 01 finance from which the extract is taken,
f> ne\eitheles>s intend to vote for the ,, was passed the 13th of July, 1787: fcut the Con-
M67 'Consltler' " ,bu£ an act ot J."8'1!*' stitution, which seems to clpthe Congress with the
the h-rl'Jwhfif'.T J8" fdS e"d?d by P°wer' was passed until the 17th of September
the .tieaty which they were induced to make m , of the same year. It appears to me, therefore
consideration and expectation of this money—that that if the Congress which passed the ordinance
£o7noSes"ioen J «mt our people have already had transcended its authority, the framers of the |
that it would be , Constitution, adopted subsequently, would have
at the date of the- treiiv T!>^ lt wa?'! ma(ie sor> e provision against a similar occiir-
barl fo sav Z! mJnt tT Sentleraen 1 ,| «nce. But inasmuch asTt   silent upon the sub- |
the amount of money involved i^thiTcasp"?^ iiJeht%I(>take i"'granted tiie Convention!
icy mvoivcu m una case, they it which framed it, by us most deliberate act, ratified !
the ordinance, and fully acknowledged the power
of Congress to pass it; and I have no doubt but
that it was so understood at the time. But whether
such was the understanding or, not, its of no im-
portance; for the Constitution is, in my opinion,
cleaF srnd strong; and that "part of it under which
it is elaimed that Corvgress derives its power to
prohibit slavery in the Territories,, is contained ir?
the second clause of the third section of the fourth
arfrcle  and reads as follows t
" The Congress shall have power to dispose o-f, and m*ke
all needfa! rcles and regulation? respecting, the territory or
other property belonging to the United States.""'
The debate upon this clause, at the last session,
took*a very wide range, and different constructions
were put upon it. The North contended that it
was too clear and plain in its language to admit of
a doubt but that Congress had the power to pro-
hibit slavery in any territory belonging to the
United States; that is imphed obedience and the
exercise of power to command it; and that rules
and regulations could only be passed for the gov-
ernment of the peopFe who inhabited such terri-
tory. ]n this I think the North was right. On
the part of the South it was contended, that under
this clause, Congress only had the power to adopt
i terms and pass laws for the sale and disposition
' of the land itself. But from a careful examination
1 of it, and a comparison of ks language with other
\ paris of the Constitution, I am constrained to be-
| iieve that the South was in error.
| In the same debate, the ordinance of 1787 re-
; ceived different constructions. On the part of the
j North, it was contended by some, that as it was
! passed for, and embraced all the territory north-
j west of the river Ohio, its provisions were, by
: implication, extended over the Oregon territory.
| The South contended that such was not the case9
! but that they we're confined strictly to onr'north-
: western territory as it then existed, and had no
; reference whatever to territory acquired at a sub-
i sequent period. In these two "positions, I think
j the North was wrong and the South right.
I Another doctrine, advanced by some individuals
■ from the South, 1 could noj approve. They con-
! tended that the States of the Union could severally
i exercise a soit of jurisdiction or sovereignty over
! territory belonging to us, so far as to ptotect their -
respective citizens who might emigrate thither, ir*
the enjoyment of certain privileges and immunities,
and to govern them with their own laws,, which
each citizen would be supposed virtually to carry
with him. But, in my opinion, such a state of
things could never exist. It would produce a jar-
ring and a discord which would prove fatal to the
existence of a Community in such territory. For
thirty citizens, one from each of the thirty States
in the Union, living together in the same territory,
to be governed by thirty different codes of law,
would be what no human being ever saw, and
i what could never be. And forany State to attempt
j to exercise such an authority, would be nothing-
. less than an encroachment upon the rights of a!!
. the States collectively, secured to them by the Con-
! stitution. It would, in my opinion, be carrying
I the doctrine of State rights to a dangerous extreme.
! Such a sentiment, I apprehend, could find favor
j with but few, not being founded in reason or jus-
| tice.
j In the same debate, other positions were assumed
i which! did not approve, it was contended by
| some, on the part of the North, that there must be
! legislation upon the principle contained in the
i ordinance of 1787, and that its provisions must, at
' ail events, be extended to the Oregon Territory.
; ft was what they wanted, and, what they would
|; have. On the part of the South, it was by some
!( as zealously contended that an organic law estab-
. lishing a territorial government there should be
1 passed, authorizing the existence of slavery. In
I this, sir, they were both in error. I thousrht so then,
! and I think so still, and my reasons for so thinking
; I will proceed now to state.
j And first, sir, I will say, that before I took my
i seat m this House, 1 was under the impression that
the question of slavery was one tha^should never
be discussed here; that members were never sent
heie for that purpose, but that business more con-
ducive to the pubhc good, and more promotive of
the public interests, should at all times receive
their attention; that the people did not send mem-
bers here to spend a very great portion of their
