im
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. IT,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Bridges.
Ho. of Reps.
the territory at the time of its acquisition must be
ascertained. And just as this turns out to be, so,
in iijy opinion, it should be settled. It is a risk
which the North and South both run. By a brief
reference to the laws of Mexico upon this subject,
we lind that as long ago as the 13th of July, 1824,
the Mexican Congress, then in session, passed the
following decrees:
1st. " The commerce and traffic in slaves, from whatever
power, and under whatever flag they may come, is and shall
be forever prohibited in the territory of the Mexican United
Statey." "
2d. " Slaves introduced contrary to the tenor of the pre-
ceding article are free, from the feet alone of their treading
the Mexican territory."
These decrees, 1 believe, have received the sanc-
tion of all the Presidents *of Mexico since that
time, but especially of Santa Anna, and, in my
opinion, ought to give character to that portion of
Mexico which ijow belongs to us. If so, the Ter-
ritory of California and New Mexico having been
free while under the dominion of the Mexican
Government, should remain so still. This, then,
saves the North; and it is only for the South to
inquire how the matter stands with it, whether its
interest there can be enjoyed to the extent which
it desires, and whether it has'not been subjected
to a disappointment which it did not anticipate.
For my own part, 1 am so well satisfied that it
cahnot, that I am willing to dispense with all legis-
lation upon the subject whatever, and throw the
door wide open for it to try'the experiment, the
legality of which I would then submit to the judi-
ciary branch of the Government to settle. Such a
course, in my opinion, would be the most concil-
iatory slid just. For if it should be decided against
the South, i greatly overrate its noble geneiosity,
for which j have always considered it distinguished,
if it would not bow with peaceful submission, and
consider it an unavoidable misfortune.
But such is not the character of the South, as
alleged by the honoiable gentleman from New
York [Mr. Starkweather] who addressed us
yesterday. He said, the "South demanded the
extension of slavery, or a dissolution of the Union."
Sir, I undertake to say that the South, in a body,
demand no such thing, and it never will demand
it. Fot.it is willing, and has proposed, that there
should be no legislation at all upon the subject, and
desire to have all its rights settled before a legal
tribunal. It could only be in the event of an at-
tempt to encroach upon it, and to deprive it of its
rights already secured to it by the Constitution,
that the idea of a dissolution of the Union could be
for a moment entertained. The only idea of a dis-
solution, sir, exists in the fevered brain of the
North, ft has longago thrown down the gauntlet;
but the South has spurned it, andscornedNto take
it up. And permit me to say, that if the Union is
ever dissolved, the North must and will be charged
with having been I he pause of it.
The same gentleman again rsserted, sir, that the
" recent eleotion has &et the seal upon the exist-
ence of slavery." I take the liberty of saying,
that I think the gentleman is mistaken upon tins
subject, and that the question of slavery was not
made a general issue. )t probably was so in the '
State of New York, and in some few other very I
lirhited portions of the Union; but it was not, as j
far as my knowledge extends, a general issue before I
the people at large. Will the gentleman dare to i
tell us, that because North Carolina, Georgia and '
Louisiana cast their votes for General Taylor, that j
therefore they have denounced slavery, which !
exists there at this very hour, and is likely to exist |
there for years to come? If such a construction is
now to be put upon the votes of those States, I 1
exceedingly regret that the gentleman, or some one '
else, did not apprise the people of those States of it :
before the election. If he had done so, I am con- |
fident they would have produced very different ;
results. Y/ii! he furthermore tell us that the elec- j!
tion of a practical slaveholder to the Presidency is 11
a declaration against slavery? i;
Why, sir, I think it absurd to talk thus. It is !!
quite the reverse. It is nothing less than a positive , ■
demonstration that slavery as an institution is pop- [j
ular, and is sanctioned by those who claim the
victory in the recent election. ;l
But the gentleman from New York is quite, as |j
correct in these allegations, as he is when he says •!'
that the "South abandoned Mr. Van Buren." j!
j tvt  .i ,i, ■ 1 „ v;n v.[q Ipttpr ! respective States of th« Confederacy, will emanate fjom and
I Now, the truth is, Mr. Van Buren in his letter „e {fonffri<.rt t0 ,mti-re,,nUimns, and. 'like all other evils, will
1 against the annexation of lexas, abandoned tne j be most etfectuaH.v eoutiMiMcuMi by the amon, integrity, and
c.t - ..il. n    _ 11 1-.. — *- ^ rtnviAvatiAn /"\T  ~ .. „ ......
. South. For we all know that~the annexation of
i Texas was not only in the South, but in the North,
I one of the great rallying points of the Democratic j
, p^rty in 1844. Mr. Van Buren was opposed to j
the extension of th§ area of freedom, while the j
country was for it. It was this that brought him j
into bad odorwith the South. Foritiswell known
that as long a? he was a " northern man with
southern principles,5' he was a great^ favorite with
resistance of the Iiepubbcan party."
These, sir, were the sentiments of that man,
whose name the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Starkweather] says " was a host, and around
whose standard the Democracy of New York ral-
lied."
Permit me to say, Mr. Chairman, that these are
also my sentiments, and the firm and unyielding senti-
ments of the Democratic portion of my constituents.
it. And could he expect after his Texas letter to And these sentiments have alone governed me, in
be in favor with the South, or even the North? 1 |, relation to thequestion of slavery, since I have been
; very well recollect, that in Pennsylvania, a part of ji a member of this House. Sir, they are not only
which I have the honor to represent, that that let
i ter was generally condemned by the people, and I
; believe scarcely one member of the Democratic
party could be found who approved it. But the
- truth is, Mr. Van Buren at that time overshot his
J mark, for he intended to publish such a letter as he
!j thought would be acceptable to the people, and
I prove a passport to the Presidential chair; but jn
this he was mistaken. In that letter it could be
plainly seen, that the false mask which he had so
successfully worn for many years, had become a
little turned; While more recent events show, that
he has at last entirely pulled it off.
goojly but they are precious sentiments, that ought
to be treasured up in every Democratic heart.
And I wish to accord such sentiments to the noble
son of New York, to whom the gentleman has
referred me, and which I believe would be cher-*
ished by him noio were he among the living. That
man, sir, was to the Democracy of his own State,
what the natural sun is to the solar system, around
whom revolved the lesser planets in peaceful har-
mony. But no sooner had his spirit winged its
way to the God who gave it, and helay numbered
with the dead, than the centripetal force was bro-
ken, and .they were seen flying.in wild confusion
The honorable gentleman from New York has ij from their respective orbits, until they stiuck
also thought proper to refer to " Silas Wright,"!! against the cold, dreary and sunless planet of Abo-
whom he calls the u eminent statesman, the pro- jl litiomsm. And in this vast agitation and disturb-
' found jurist, the man whose very name was a h ance of the political spheres, there could be seen
1 host, and around whose standard the Democracy |: in the lead no less a personage than Martin Van
of New York rallied as one man, with an energy !; Buren, the prince of " magicians," and the great
j i that defied all oppositionI sincerely thank the ;
I gentleman for referring to that distinguished patriot, t
j whose name is never to be mentioned but to be re- j
| vered and loved, because it enables me to lay before !
\ the committee and the country his sentiments in j
j relation to Abolitionism, which I believe not only j
I to be a part of, but a great deal better than Free- I
j soilism. For this purpose, sir, I shall read a few |
i extracts from the address of the Democratic Na- I
i tionai Convention of 1836, which nominated Martin !
Van Buren for President, and Richard M. Johnson :
ringleader in political treachery.
But lest it should be said, sir, that the address
to which I have referred was penned in reference
to the fanatical movements of the northern Aboli-
tioifists, I shall now proceed to show that the hon-
orable gentleman has wedded himself to that party,
is identified with them, and therefore is obnoxious
to the charges contained in the extracts to which
I have referred; and I shall show it by record
proof.
On the 18th of December last, the honorable
j for Vice President of the United States, with the ( gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gibdings] "obtained
name of Silas Wright appended, as one of the com-
mittee who draughted it,^nd which was approved j
by Mr. Van Buren. The first to which I invite at- .
tention is as follows: J
a We come now, fellow-citizens, to another objection to >
the convention, or rathei to one of its nominations, and to
another effort at division of a very different character, arid
probably one of the most mischievous and xoicked that bus ever
been made against the peace and happiness of any country! ft
is the attempt to create sectional putties and divisions, and to
alienide one portion of our country from the rest."
Yet, sir, the gentleman was no longer ago than
yesterday zealously engaged, in the language of!
his friend, in that mischievous and wicked enterprise, !
- and has been for some time, as I sha^l directly show, j
; notwithstanding he would feign make us believe !
i that he has been educated at the feet of that political I, -
i Gamaliel. *But I will hasten to other passages in ![ j ?" when the resolution was put upon its passage,
| the address: i; 1 nnd him still in the same company, voting in the
; <£ Ilenec it is that in different parts of our country we see ji a^rma^ve* A motion having been made to recon^
mischievous and misguided mpn attempting to weaken the bond
'leave,and introduced a bill to authorize the people
4 of the Districtof Columbia to express their wishes
'as to the continuance of slavery and the slave
' trade within said District." Upon the question
to lay the bill upon the table, I find him voting in
the negative, in company'with gentlemen who do
not disguise the fact that they are Abolitionists in
the truest sense of the term.
Again, on the 21st of December, the gentleman
from XJew York [Mr. Gott] offered a resolution,
"That the Committee for the District of Columbia
4 be instructed to report a bill as soon as practicable
' prohibiting the slave-trade in said District." On
the question to lay the resolution on the table, I
find the gentleman again voting with the same
company, and his vote recorded in the negative.
of union, stud cxciting the Noith against the South, and the I
South against the North."
Again:
"So deeply rooted is* this conviction, not only jn the
minds of our brethren ot the northern and midlife States,
sider the vote by which the lesolutton was adopted,
1 find that on the 27th of December, the." House
proceeded to consider the motion to reconsider,
when, on the motion to lay the motion of reconsid-
eration on the table,"! find him stiil with his new-
associates voting in the affirmative. And on the
hat in the minds of the uhole Republican party of the Union, : I ^-loxrx " t ,
that it is incorpoiated in the Democratic creeds and consti- ;' . January, lo49, on a motion maue that the
■ M motion to " reconsider the vote by which the House
agreed to the resolution offered by Mr. Gott, be
laid upon the table," his vote stands recorded in
the negative—still in the same company; and not
only do I find the honorable gentleman thus voting,
but many others with him, who freely admit that
they are Free-soilers, but not Abolitionists. Their
votes, however, clearly indicate their characters
and their principles. By these alone we are to
tute^ one of the broad lines ot separation between the strict
constructionists ot the Jefforsoninn school and the lautudin-
arians,oi consolidation^, under all their Protean colors." j
And again: j
"All such proceeding ai-t instituted hy anti-repuhlicans
and those who are opposed to us." j
But again:
li True republicans can never lend their aid and influence j
m creating geographical lines in the East, West, North, or i
South. Th«"y e.m never engage in such schemes without . judge.
violating their principles—principles which tell them that
they are all brothers, a.nd each left a lich inhctifonce by their
fathers, never to he cancelled while they forbear to meddle
with the local feelings and domestic relations ot each other."
Again:
" The people of no Stite, therefore, can violate that com-
promhe on which this Union is based, and call themselves re-
publican*  
And lastly:
" Whatever movements may be made, then, in the North
or the South, the East or the We&t, inconsistent with the
domestic and social riahfa spem-nri hv the ('oncfifnf ion
Again, sir, on the 29th of December, on the
consideration of the bill for the relief of the legal
representatives of Antonio Pacheco, 1 find the same
gentleman voting, through all its stages, with Abo-
litionists, against it; thus showing, most conclu-
sively, that he who so much applauds the name
and the democracy of Silas Wright, has identified
himself with men that were odious in his sight,
and whom he denounced as mischievous and wicked,
vi&lators of Iheir principles, and anti-republican. This
domestic and social rights secured by the Constitution to the H is the position which not only the honorable gen-
