154
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 17,
30th Con® 2d Sess.
Slavery in the Territories—Mr. Ficklin.
Ho. of Reps.
SLAVERY IN THE TERRITORIES.
commission of crimes by slaves in two other'States,
to wit, Maryland and Virginia:
Maryland lias a population of 469.'23'2
Of these arc free colored      62,020
Slaves .  89,495
In this State, I must remark, that there was no
law authorizing the imprisonment of slaves in the
penitentiary £rior to the act of 11th March, 1846.
Since which timer there have been imprisoned only-
six, being'but one for every 14,9i6s during a pe-
riod of nearly three-years.
Virginia has a population of.   .1,239,796
Of these there are free cofored    49,85?
Slaves v          449,080
There have been received into the penitentiary
of this State, since 1815, and condemned for trans-
portation, five hundred and seven slaves, making
one'for every eight hundred and eighty-five, and . r , , « , ^ o  •; , t - ,• Tr - , , ■>
only so small a number durin0- a period of thiTty- [ one time I had intended to say something with i| between the two sections of the union, and thus
fouy years; thus clearly proving the commission of' ' eference to its party character; but X must con- 11 engendei bitter feelings. I cannot desire that the
more crimes among the free negroes than slaves. fess to you> Mr- Chairman, and to the committee, l' constant and absorbing agitations of this element
' that the speech which we all heard to-day from
SPEECH OF MR. 0. B. FICKLIN,
CTF ILLINOIS,
In the House^f Representatives,
February 17, 1849,
In Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Cabell, of Florida, in the chair,)
on the Bill to carry into effect the Treaty of
Peace with Mexico.
Mr. FICKLIN said:
Mr. Chairman: 1 have striven for the floor for
against him, and that the people of the new Terri-
tories are opposed to him on the subject of slavery,
and then declares that he will not vote for the ad-
mission of any free State, which tends to destroy
the equilibrium of power, by giving to the free
States the preponderance over"the slave States:
how, I ask, can he expect that the free States
^having a majority of forty or fifty members on
this floor) would divide the new Territories, and
establish slavery in one half of them, when it does
not at this time exist there ? This is the first time
in the history of our country, when the aid of Con-
gress has been invoked to establish slavery, eon-
the purpose of presenting the views which I enter- j| trarjr to the will of the peoplewho are to be affected
tain in regard to this vexed question of slavery, n ty >'• The balance of power of which he speaks,
which has been so much.discussed during the 's 'he 'very thing that I hope to avoid, because it
present, as well as preceding sessions of Congress. 1! w°n!d continue a struggle for political ascendency
And to what can the difference be attributed? To
nothing, sir, but a better guardianship over them,
and a better protection of their morals. Who,
then, can claim their freedom? Do their masters
claim it? No. Do the slaves themselves claim it?
No; for they are attached to their masters, and will
not leave them. Then, sir, who has a right to in-
terfere with them? 1 answer, JVo' one. If not,
then in the name of, and for the good of our com-
mon country, I say, let them remain where they
are. It is both impolitic and dangerous to disturb
them; impolitic, because no positive good can re-
sult from it; and dangerous, for the consequences
may be of the most unhappy character. Of this,
other men in other times were fearful.
Washington, when speaking of the " unity of
government," said: " Accustoming: yourselves to
1 think and speak of it as of the palladium of your
'political safety and prosperity; watching for its
' preservation with zealous anxiety; discounte-
' nancing whatever may suggest even a suspicion
' that it can in- any event be abandoned; and indig-
' nantly frowning upon the first dawning of every at-
' tempt to alienate any portion of our country from the
'rest, or to enfeeble the sacred ties which- now link to-
'gelher the various parts." And Mr. Jefferson,
after he had retired to privtfte life,-alluding to the
disturbance produced by the agitation of "the sla-
very question, said: " It comes upon me like a fire-
bel h in the night, to disturb my repose." Sir, i.t
is indeed a " fire-bell" to every good man and
every patriot, and it ought to sound an alarm
throughout the land. Let the question be asked,
i'ovwhat are different portions of this great Confed-
eracy contending? Let the answer he candidly
given—-for a negro's shin. Is this to be the enterin;
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Buckner] has
gone far toward disarming me of every partisan
feeling, and I wilj not mingle the bitterness of the
past, with the embarrassments of,the present mo-
ment. During the agitation which the subject of
slavery has produced, whenever it was mentioned
within these walls, I have felt 'the necessity for
some gentleman from a slave State to come for-
ward, and-, by taking bold ground, present this
question as it ought to be presented to the Ameri-
can people. I have long been convinced, that
whenever its true character shall be made known
to the country, all danger will be dissipated.
Slavery is purely a local question, and does not
legitimately enter into party politics; nor is it pos-
sible even for party drill to harmonize the views of
those residing in different sections. We all know
that it is just as impossible for the people of the free
Slates, and the people of the slave States, to enter-
tain identity of views and feelings in relation to
slavery, as it is for the subjects of a monarchy to
be of the same mind with' our own independent
citizens in reference to any political topic. Slavery
in this country, though purely local, has been
mixed up with politics by politicians, desirous of
availing themselves ol*the temporary popularity,
which its agitation would give to them in their re-
spective localities.
I listened with great interest, a few days past,
to the very eloquent speech of my friend from
Alabama, [Mr. Hiluard,] who (as I regret to
j perceive) is not in his place this evening. Sir, I
I was struck with the novelty of some of the posi-
| tions taken by my friend, in regard to the disposi-
tion of these Territories. He admits, in the first
wedge to disturb the peace and .destroy the unity |.' place, that slavery is condemned by the civilized
of the nation ? fs this to compel the sword which world ; and then he says, if the decision of this
has just been returned to its scabbard, reeking with
Mexican blood, to be again unsheathed to "drink
the blood of brothers in civil war? This reminds
me of other ages, when trifling causes divided em-
pires, and swept nations from existence. But, sir,
that must never happen here, and, in my opinion,
it never will. There is too much patriotism in the i
country to allow it. Concession and compromise
question were left to the people of New Mexico
and California, that it would be decided against
the South. He says further, that he desires these
Territories to be divided between the North and
of discord should be kept up, so as to present to
the people local and sectional issues, rather than
those of a national character. We saw too much
of the bitter feelings and heartburnings, produced
by those agitations in forming a Territorial Gov-
ernment for Oregon. That whole region wasjeft
entirely without laws to protect its people for two
or three years longer than it would have been, but
for these agitations, which rose to such a height
in the Senate, when the bill came up on its final
passage in that body, as almost to peril " life and 1
iimb." It is with the hope to avoid all this ex-
citement, and to get rid of this strife about the bal-
ance of power, that I desire this controversy to be
settled now, if possible; and if not now, as soon
as may be hereafter. I have a great horror of this
'.'balance-of-power"doctrine,originating, as it did,
with the intrigues of tfie European courts, for the
| purpose of uniting the many against the few, to
the end that republics-might be put (Town in the
most effectual manner possible. And its most
prominent advocate having received a signal re-
buke in the overthrow of the monarchy of France,
I have jio desire to see that political principle cher-
ished here in any form whatever.
Let the master be content, in the undisturbed
dominion over his slave in the States toleratino-
slavery, and he will have the sympathies of the
masses m the free States, in expelling, by the most
effective and summary process, abolitionists and
others, who unwarrantably meddle with his prop-
erty. But an attempt to extend slavery to free
territory, despite the will of its inhabitants, will not *
be sanctioned by any free.State.
M y fiiend from New York, [Mr. Jenkins,] who
has just addressed the committee from the place
where I now stand, repudiated the idea of admit-
ting States into the Union, formed out of the newly- '
acquired territories, with such governments as the
people there might provide for themselves. I think
he will find nothing in the Constitution, to prevent
the admission into the Union of any new State,
must and wiii prevent it. I invoke their aid. Itn-'j*n ^his Hall. He declared that, by his vote^he
voke the forbearance of both extremes of the Union. 'I "ever would consent to the admission of any free
I call upon them to meet together upon the broad jl State into the Union, which might disturb the equi-
platform of justice and equity, where the patriots |l ''brium of power between the two sections of the
ot other days have stood. 1 call upon you, the '! Union. He says:
the South ; because he wishes to preserve the bal- !j presenting itself with an adequate strength of pen-
ance of power, between the slave and the free j uiation and a proper political organization. The
States. And here he makes the most astounding q admission of Kentucky, Tennessee, Vermont, and'
declaration which was ever made upon the subject 1j others, the first States which came into the Union
rn th.« W..11 T4„ ,u„. .... i . .. . !I under the new organization, are precedents whi "
~ y uu, ljic
representatives of the nation, to do your duty m
this eventful crisis. I call upon the people to urge !
and compel you to do it. Now is the time to settle i
the unhappy controversy. Delay is dangerous, i
Something should and must be done before the ter-
mination of the present Congress. Let this House, ]
then, at once legislate; and legislate for peace If '
no territorial government can be established in our j
Mexican possessions satisfactory to all, let them i
be admitted into the Union as a State at once. The j
latter, in my opinion, is by far the most preferable, h
I lie suffering inhabitants of that country demand ji
it at our hands. As the great prize of war, we "
ought to show our just appreciation of it, and not
ifo 1 . ~ .  * 1 11 i   _ _
The balance of power [in his judgment] which has
heietotore been maintained by the two great sections of our
Confederacy, is essential to wise ami conservative le i-Ia-
lion, ami to the preservation ol our institutions. Firmly
believing tin—it i« from no hostility to the Noah, it is fiom
a profound conviction that the best interests of the whole
conntiy demand that this equipoise, it possible, shall be
maintained—believins this, as I do, I cannot gne my con-
sent to (inj policy winch shall stiengthen the dispropnition
against tne ^outh, or njake the influence of the North Mill
more powerful. If any hill is to pa-s this body by which the
South is to be shut out from all participation in our late ac-
quisitions, that bill mu-"t pa>s without my aid.
" *\!r' Chairman, I am about to make a statement which !
mnj. be thouyht to have the demerit of too much frankness !
I shall make it in all candor. There is adoineslic mstilu-
tion m the bouth which in some sort insulates us from all I
such a course would, in my opinion, give iinality ,n i n«   >
to the unfortunate feud in which we are at present :' "'"T"' nolv rover9 a 'anre proponion of our own
repose to.our IrouMed count^U ' «
j completely justify the proposition for the admis-
j sion of the State of California; and the principle
j that would now exclude her would also have ex-
j eluded from adniission all these older States,
j With me, this would be a favorite plan; and if
j California were now ready with her constitution,
, I would be most willing to'votc this night, in favor
j! of a bill for her admission as a Slate, into this
j| Union, with a government such as might be adopt-
ji ea by the population now there. «
11 It was a novel doctrine to me, Mr, Chairman,
, that my friend from New York should not be will-
! ing to subscribe to this great popular right of the
| people, to determine upon a form of government
I for themselves. For one, sir, I have "an abiding
! confidence in popular intelligence; and if the peo-
j pie of that country want slavery in California, I
i would not dissolve the Union to prevent it; and if
' ^ey want to reject slavery, 1 would not dissolve
f"':La.i0"rS.e. would' in. rny_opinion, give finality ji eminent™ j] the'Union in o'rder"to'defea't theirwishes'in this
re at nrpspnr (.(moU ' * covers a I.irs^e propoitjon of our own ! resnpc.t. Rplipuino-    
j, vanen
i w.
H does, that the opinion of the civilized" world
wVbS'm 1 !,aUon win applaud us> and p°sterity i
When my friend from Alabama admits, as he
thai' v>.;i-,;w. _c A?. • J , ,
is
respect. Believing that the people there are com-
petent to decide this matter for themselves, I would
be perfectly willing for them to take it at once info
their own hands, ana' determine whether they will
or will not have slavery within their limits. I do
