1849:1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'tis'
30jh Cong 2d Sess.
Slavery in the Territories—Mr. Ficklin.
Ha, of Reps,*
riot sympathize at all with the gentleman from New
York, in Ins desire to withhold from that people
the right of self-government. Let them decide
this question, and they will decide it right. We
need not be told that the emigrants to California,
have not-sufficient intelligence io determine and
settle all things that interest them. Who are the
people that have gone out there? They, for the?
most part, are men of mind and motive, or. the^
■ would never have left their homes and quiet fire-
sides, to encounter the perils and - privations of a
trip to the Rocky Mountains, and across to the
shores of the Pacific. Such men always possess
• energy and intellect enough to decide for them-
selves. all the questions which may be presented to
them respecting their own civil and political affairs;
and I am willing; that they should proceed now to
settle every one of these propositions, from the
most minute of them up to those, of the first mag-
nitude. I prefer that they should, select all their
officers, from the lowest grade of magistracy up to
the very highest office in their gift, by a direct vote
of the people; for. they are as competent and qual-
ified, every way, to decide upon all these matters,
as the two Houses of Congress and the President
are to decide for them. There are men there now,
who. one day or other, will grace with their pres-
ence these halls of legislation, and vindicate their
own character for intelligence and patriotism.
I -listened with pleasure, a few days since, to
the eloquent speech of my friend from Virginia
[Mr. Preston] who manifests a1 laudable anxiety,
to dispose of the newly-acquired territories at this
session of Congress, and in a manner to give as
little offence as possible to either section of the
Union. Subscribing as I do to many of his posi-
tions, and indeed to most that he said, I may nev-
ertheless he permitted to give the reasons why I
cannot go with him, in his proposition to organize
into oneStaffe, theTerritoriesofCahformaand New
. Mexico. The area of those twjo territories, is suffi-
cient for the formation of from four to six States of
goo'd size, and by uniting them into one, we might
possibly avoid a present embarrassment, but I
think we should bccome involved m one much
greater. This one mammoth State would ulti-
mately have to be parceled out into smaller States,
and no one can now count the cost of such an op-
eration. The habits and customs of the Mexican
population dwelling in those tenitories at trie time
we acquired them, were wholly different; ana we
4 cannot unite bylaw, persons separated by custom
* and habit, soasto make them harmonize. The very
distance that they are, apart, is of itself, an insuper-
able objection to uniting them in one State.
The great characteristics of our newly acquired
Territories of New Mexico and California, are their
mountains, their deserts, and their minerals. In
almost every portion of that country, the eye of trie
traveler rests upon some mountain range, rising
upon an average, seven thousand feet above the
level of the sea, and many of its spurs ami peaks
are covered with snow the whole year. Lven the
table-lands in the great basm of the Salt and Eu-
taw lakes, are four thousand feet above the level of
the sea, and the temperature of the climate is
everywhere determined by the elevation of each
particular locality. Many portions of the countiy
are as destitute "of timber, as the great desert of
Sahara, and are little else than barren plains of
sand. On the contrary, very many of the valleys
(narrow though they be) equal in fertility any por-
tion of the habitable globe. The year is dnided,
not into spring;, summer, autumn, and winter, but
into the rainy and dry seasons; and that portion of
time corresponding to our winter and spring, from
November till May, is the rainy season, "and
1 robesthecountry m a luxuriant vegetation, which
'is killed by the drought of summer, and not by
; the frosts of winter.'^Thewholec'ountry abounds
in mineral wealth, and it may literally be said that
" the ore of every metal is struggling to its sui-
face.'l Its geographical formation corresponds
with the mineral regions of Mexico, and it cannot
be'doubted that, for centuries to come, the silver,
gold, quicksilverand many other minerals, will
still be unexhausted in that country. Agriculture
"will be pursued to supply the immediate wants ot
the inhabitants, but mining must remain the chiet
employment of the great body of the people theie.
The grape, the olive, the lemon, the citron, t e
orange, with which that country abounds, will Juki
but few to embark in their cultivation, for the
young and the vigorous will abandon them for the
mines. The sixty or one hundred thousand In-
dians, civilized and uncivilized, will seon have to
abandon their reliance upon fish, fruit, and the
wild aTiimals of the country for their subsistence,
and engage in mining or other pursuits of manual
labor. Their horses and cattle that now range
during the whole year in countless droves over
hills and valleys,^ covered with the richest clover
and the finest oats, known to any country, must in
time be supplied with the means of subsistence by
the industry of man. Commerce is the only bus-
iness which can at all compete with mining in
giving employment to the people of that country.
While I am decidedly of opinion that the popu-
lation which came to us by the treaty with Mex-
ico will, in time, be better fitted for organizing and
establishing a republican form of government, yet
it is equally clear to my mind that a portion of
California might, with eminent propriety, be erected
into a State. Every step in the formation of States
in that country should be taken with reference to
its geographical formation, and its population
present as well as probable. The country lying i
between the Sierra Nevada and the coast of the
Pacific, and embraced within p®allels 34° 30' and
41° 30', is sufficiently large, ana contains a suffi-
cient number of people, for the formation of a State.
Its external configuration is remarkable; its min$s
are rich and inexhaustible; and the Bay of San
Francisco furnishes a harbor without a rival. The
length of this proposed State would be four hun-
dred and twenty miles, and its breadth about one
hundred and fifty miles in-the-south, and about
two hundred miles in the north, embracing within
its limits mountains of perpetual snow, and valleys
of perennial flowers. t j
There is yet another wonderful feature in the ;
face of the country of which I am speaking. It j
will be seen, by reference to the mop, that the Rio !
Sacramento rises near the forty-first parallel, and i
runs almost due south; and the Rio San Joaquin j
has its source near the ihirty-fifih parallel, and j
runs almost due north—the two streams making a |
continuous valley of four or five hundred miles :
long and forty or fifty*wide, and lying between the !
Sierra Nevada and the coast range of mountains;
and passing through a gorge of the latter, they
mingle their waters in the Bay of San Francisco.
Feather river, one of the tributaries of,the Sacra-
mento, and at present the El Dorado of this conti-
nent, in consequence of its gold mines, is included
within the proposed limits.
Between the Pacific and the coast range of moun-
; tains, which mountains run-parallel with the Pa-
cific coast at the distance of about forty miles, the
climate is as balmy and salubrious as could be
desired for the residence of man. The valley of
the Sacramento and San Joaquin, (hough subject
to some extent to ague and fever, with the miners,
who are greatly exposed, it is thought will be very ;
healthy so soon as its inhabitants provide them- j
selves with the comforts of life. Cyprus, oak, i
pine, and cedar are found in great abundance on i
the mountains. The valley ot the Sacramento ;
produces the grains and fruits common to the >
middle States, and is at this time swarming with :
emigrants from all parts of the world, searching i
for gold. No question can exist as to the propriety j
of declaring that the people now within those limits (
may form a constitution, andcauseit to be admitted
as one of the States of this Union. A great ma-
jority of'the emigrants are from the non-slavehold-
ing States, and there can be no doubt that slavery t
would be excluded, in terms, by their constitution. ,
Nor can the South complain of this; for if the i
people there do not want slavery, no one should ;
desire to force it on them. The remainder of trie j
country could be organized under two separate j
territorial governments, and after they had passed
through a probationary term, be admitted as :
States. . w.. i
Here, however, the vexed question of the Wil-;
mot oroviso lies in our path, and we must dispose j
of it as best we can. Mexico abolished slavery in ;
this territory in the year 1829. By the late treaty, j
ail of her jurisdiction and sovereignty over New j
Mexicq and California were transferred to the j
United States. At the time we acquired it, the ;
territory was free, and African slavery nowhere
existed within its limits; nor could slavery be
established there except by positive law, "by affirm-
ative legislative action, either establishing or re-
cognizing it. During the progress of the war, and
before we had acquired the territory, the Wilrnot
proviso was offered as an amendment to what was
called the "three-million bill.** Regarding.this
proviso as being presented prematuiely, and as
being calculated to embarrass rather than to facili-
tate negotiations for peace between the two coun-
tries, I felt it to be my duty to vote against it,
although I am opposed to the extension of slavery
to free terr^ovy. The true rule would seem to be,
that when we acquire territory where slavery
exists, and where the people desire its continuance,
the Government should not imerpose to defeat the
popular will; and, on the other hand, when free
territory is acquired, and the inhabitants desire
it to remain so, this Government most assuredly
should not lend its aid to establish slavery there.
The ground is boldly taken by~some persons,
both here and elsewhere, that Congress aoes not
possess the power to prohibit slavery in the Terri-
tories; but the great cyrrent of judicial decisions
and of popular opinion, as well as the practice of
the Government, from its foundation to the present
time, is decidedly against them. The Constitu-
tion confers upon Congress the exclusive right of
declaring war, and upon the President and Senate
the power of concluding treaties, and consequently
territory may be acquired by conquest or by tieaty.
The right to" acquire carries with it, as a necessary
consequence, the right to govern, and to make all
needful lules and regulations connected with such
government. It is very clear, I think, therefore,
that Congress has the power over this subject in
the Territories. While I will not needlessly har-
ass our southern friends, by seeking to attach the
Wilmot proviso to bills where it does not legiti-
mately belong, yet I cannot concur with them in
the assumption (if I may so designate it) that the-
passage of the proviso" would be a stigma upon
the South. Its principles were incorporated in the
ordinance of 1787, under the auspices of Mr. Jef-
ferson and mos.t of the other then distinguished
statcsmenof the South, and Congress hasunirormly
exerted the power from that day to this, and it has
been, from time to time, sanctioned and ratified by
the Executive and Judicial departments of the
Government. If it be insulting or unconstitutional
now, it was so when first adopted m 1787, and
furnished good cause for the slave States not to
come into the Union. From the time that, the
Dutch man-tff-war appeared in James river, in
August, 1620, to the present day, slavery has pro-
duced more or less excitement in particular local-
ities; and of late, some politicians, both North
and South, appear desirous of making it the ques-
tion" which is to override all others, and upon
which all elections, great and small, aie to turn.
This " one idea" party, both north and south,
seems to be smitten with a species of political
blindness, which is urging them forward toa point
from which it will be difficult for them io recede.
They seem to be desirous of geiting up a " panic,'
of bringing on a u cusis," and ol disturbing the
foundations of the Union, at a time when the great
mass of the people desiie quiet and repose. It is
well settled, I think, that slavery will not and can-
not be extended to any territory that is now free.
The non-slaveholdmg States; having a majority
now of forty or fifty members on this floor, (which
majority is annually increasing,) cannot be induced
by persuasion nor be frightened by menace into
slavery extension. Our true policy is, to repudiate
the slave question as a political issue, and let each
one adopt or reject it for his own reasons, and with-
out reference to party.
Mr. Chairman, T wish to submit a few remarks
in reference to the Southern Address, as it is called,
(i cannot treat it otherwise than kindly, because i
find appended to it the names of too many of my
friends to speak of it with harshness.) On reading
that document I was struck with the fact, that the
most prominent grievance presented by it on the
part of the South, is the failure of the non-slave-
holdin" States to act, or their improper action, m
reward"to the recapture and delivery of fugitive
slaves. I find that to be the gravest charge pre-
sented, the sorest grievance complained of m that
manifesto. It occurred to my mind at once, that
if tho individual who draughted it had been cool in
head and thought at the time,'and been desirous
