J'
156
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 24,
30th Con§.....2d*Sess.
Slavery in the Territories—Mr. Chapman.
Ho. of Reps.
of expelling, rather than of producing a crisis, he
woulil have seen that such a complaint was only
proper t<> have been made by one State against
another State. For instance, if the people of Ohio
have treated the people of Kentucky hadly in the
matter of concealing, or refusing to surrender, a
runaway slave, it becomes a question before the
Legislatures of those States, and not a national
question, in which the General Government is to
interfere. No one can imagine that, in ao-y act of
Congress, the' Government of the United States
could authoritatively say to the State tjf Ohio, We
charge you, that when a runaway negro slave finds
his way into yoar borders from Kentucky, that i
you cause such negro slave to be taken, and in tne '
most prompt and energetic manner to be delivered
up to the owner. No man, m his proper senses,
could say that such legislation can be properly de-
manded of Congress. All question of grievance
between individual States belong entirely to the
1 and politic acts in tlie history of the legislation of
i the State. Is it right for the slave States, who
' derive all the benefit from that institution, to ex-
pect the free States to support their paupers ? Can
it be contended that we should furnish poorhouses
and asylums for their cast-off population? No,
sir; such an expectation cannot rest upon any
principle of right and justice, and I glory, there-
fore, in the legislation of my State which contem-
plates in the' future a riddance oCa free negro pop-
ulation. 1 ask if the slave States themselves do
not exclude the free nfigroes of other States? Can
it be expected, then, that the free States should be
more libera! towards the slave States than the
slave States are towards each other? The whole
history of the negro race in this country admon-
ishes us that a free negro population is the worst
that can be inflicted upon any community. In all
by a vast current of decisions in the British courts,
and the correctness of this position has been re-
| peatediy recognized by the courts of this country.
| Should, therefore, the ultra Abolitionists of the
i North, and the ultra fanatics of the South, (con-
| stituting, I grant, but a very small portion of the
I people of either section,) succeed in their mad
! project of dissolution, their troubles, would then
' have but begun, and each step in their down-
I ward career would present new and untried diffi-
! culties.
1 But, sir, we have now in the United States
S somewhere about three millions; I believe, of
Ij slaves, and something near a half million of free •
negroes. The free negroes of this District have
already increased, until they are now more than
double that of the stave population; and I tell gen-
tlemen now, that the means of getting rid of our
the States they are found to be the most miserable, ij free negro population is destined to become a much
squalid, helpless population of any other, and |j more grave question than that of the extension of
Sta^oncerned ' Hen£'that complaint, if proper j getting worse constantly, instead of improving by li slavery to our free territories. What is to become
States concerned. _ ; the examples around them. Their habits, owing ij of this half million and their increase, together
to be made at all, should originate with the injured
State, and sho,uld be addressed to the one doing
the wrong.
There is another portion ofsth t address to which
I wish to allude. It is artfully drawn for purposes
of mischief, and is well calculated to engender
sectional animosities and heartburnings, while at
the same time it does the grossest injustice to Illi-
nois, and all'the other free States with which I am
acquainted. I will send up an extract, which I
desire to have read from the Clerk's table.
The extract was read by the Clerk, and is as
follows:
« Vi;ry different would be the circumstances under which
emancipation would take place with us. If it evei should
be effected, it will be through the agency of the Fedeial Gov-
ernment, controlled by the dominant power of the northern
State* of the Confederacy, against the resirtaece and strug-
gle of ihe southern. It can then only be effected by the
pro&tration of the white race; and that would necessarily
engender the hmerest feelings of hostility between them and
the North. But the reverse would be the case between the
blacks of the South and the people of the North. Owing
their emancipation to them, they would regard them as
friend?, guardians*, and patrons, and center, accordingly, all
their sympathy m them. The people of the North would not
fail to leciproeate and to favor them, instead of the whites.
Under the influence of such feelings, and impelled by fanat-
icism and love of power, they would not slop at emancipa-
tion. Another step would betaken—to raise them to a polit-
ical and social equality with ihetr former owners, by giving
them the right of voting and holding public offices under the
Federal Government. " We see the" fir?.t ktep towdfti itm the
bill already alluded to—to vest the free blacks and slaves
wnh the right to vote on the question of emancipation m
this District. But when once raised to an equality, they
would become the fast political associates- of the North, act-
ing and voting with them on all que tions«-, and by this polit-
ical union between thexri, holding the white race at the
South in complete subjection. The black?, and the profli-
gate whiles that might unite with them, would become the
principal recipients of Federal offices and patronage, apd
would, in consequence, be raised above the whites of the
South in the political and ?oci«ii >cale. We would, m a wo«j,
chance conditions with them—a degradation pi eater than j
has ever yet fallen to the lot of a free and enlightened peo- j
pie, and one from which we could note-cape, should eman- i
cipation take place, (winch it certainly will if not prevent- j
ed,} but bv fleeing the homes of ourselves and ancestors, j
and by abandoning our country to our former slave®, to he- j
come the permanent abode of disorder, anarchy, poverty, I
• misery, and wretchedness." j
I wish to say one word in reply to this baseless ;
assumption, which is found on the last page of j
that eccentric production. As to the existence of i
any feeling among the free States in favor of ele- j
vating the negroes to an equality with the whites, |
either social or political, I can state that those who !
dictated that charge must have been wholly unin- j
formed of the subject-matter treated of, so far as !
it relates to any free State with which I am ac-'j
quainted. Sir, I speak knowing what I say; and j
to the bondage in which they have been bred, by
which they have been taught to look up to the
white man as their master, and to have food and
shelter provided for them by him, seems to have
physically and r*itally unfitted them, in most
cases, for taking care of themselves, and that State
acts most unwisely which does not exclude them.
In reference to this Address of forty-eight mem-.
bers of Congress, I would remark, further, that
this is not the first pronunciamento which we have
had in this connection. About the close of the
twenty-seventh Congress, had a very spirited
pronunciwnenito on the other side. The late John
Ct. Adams, and the far-famed gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Giddings,] who has been thought to be in
advance of others upon this subject, united with
eighteen or nineteen members of that Congress,
and ispued an Address, taking the strongest pos-
sible ground'against slavery extension by the an-
nexation of Texas, foretelling and foreshadowing
the mcfst 'horiible consequences in case that event
should occur. Texas was annexed, and the Union
still exists in all its pride of power. Now we
have, on the other side, forty-eight members of
Congress, not threatening to dissolve the Union,
but looking that way, if slavery be not carried into
California. I think, however, there are enough
sober-minded men in this and the other end of the
Capitol, to settle this question without dissolving
the Union, either upon the principle claimed by
the forty-eight, or that insisted upon by the nine-
| teen—[Mr. Giddings: "The twenty.5'] I stand
I corrected by the gentleman from Ohio, who knows
! all about that Address. We are now certain that
J the anti-slavery appeal did not dissolve the Union,
, and I have not much fear about the result of the
! manifesto of the forty-eight.
j To return now to what I was going: t0 say in
; reply to th.e first complaint urged by our friends
\ from the South. I, for one, am willing to take
I the responsibility of doing everything that can be
j done under the Constitution, in our State of 111j-
; nois, to aid the slave-owner in the recapture of his
! runaway slave. We now punish, in the mostex-
| emplary manner, all (persons -engaged in kidnap-
j pins:, or in harboring^or concealing runaway slaves
j within ourK limits. I would also approve of the
; most stringent laws in the slave States, to prevent
! abolitionists from interfering with the rights of
I slave property. You may make laws on that sub-
| ject as penal as you please, and we of Illinois will
i rrot complain.
But suppose, for a moment, that those who are
with those who are manumitted from* year to year?
i They must be sent beyond the limits of this con-
tinent. They'cannot remain here; for the white
race and the free black race cannot live together in
the same country on terms of equality. While
the free negro acts and talks as he did when a
! slave, he may be tolerated; but in time he will be-
come insolent; then it is that the work of extermi-
1 nation will commence, and the African, being the
weaker race, will be overpowered. I desire to see
, all negroes now free, or hereafter to become so,
| sent to their native Africa, there to exercise those
i functions of body and mind which cannot be de-
! veloped in a state of servitude, or while they are
! overshadowed by a superior race. It is this view
j of the subject which imparts so much interest to
I the success of the cause of colonization.
| Prompted by true sympathy and fofty patriot-
i ism, let the North and the South unite, not in the^
j extension of slavery or in its abolition, but in reliev-
i ing the slaveholding and non-slaveholding States
j of their free negro population, through the humane
j aid of colonization societies and such other agen-
, cies and instrumentalities as may from time to
| time be placed within their control. Ultimately, if
1 the South shall see that her interests will be pro-
j moted by the gradual emancipation and deportation
l of her slaves, it will be done under the auspices
j and by the action of the State Legislatures—the
j only authority that can rightfully effect the object.
! • 1 will conclude by expressing the hope that
wisdom and moderation may guide us in the
proper path, and that our love of country may be
-equalled only by our devotion to this glorious
' Union as it is.
I tell you that the people of my State, (Illinois,) j! in favor of a dissolution of the Union were to effect
and the people of Indiana, and other of the north- ; their object: what would be the result, as far as
western States, have no more desire to see the j; slavery is concerned? I would ask the friends of
negroes raised to an equality with the whites than !i slavery, if Ohio woul
have the people of £>outh Carolina, Louisiana, or near to Virginia^ If Indiana and Illinois would not
the most ultra of the slaveholding States. They continue to be just as contiguous to Kentucky and
spurn not only every ptoposition tending to de- ; Missouri as at present? And whether the escapc
grade the whites to a level with the blacks, but ( of slaves into those free States would not continue
SLAVERY 1JV THK TJEHKITOItlES.
SPEECH OF MR. J. G. CHAPMAN,
OF MARVLAND,
I if the House op Representatives,
February 94, 1849,
Upon the brll to establish a Territorial Govern-
ment m California, and upon the powers of the
Federal Government over slavery in the District
of Columbia.
The House being in Committee of the VVJiole on the state
of the Union, and having taken up the bill to. establish a
Government in California—
Mr. CHAPMAN said:
Mr. Chairman: Since f have held a seat as a
member of this House, I have not discussed the
question of slavery, either as it exists in the States
. or the District of Columbia, or the power of Con-
slavery, if Ohio would not continue to be just as j gress over it in the foimation of governments for
""""  : Tr  'J — ■ the Territories. I have abstained from doing so, be-
cause within the States it is beyond the power and
they scorn the man who cherishes such feelings.
I ask you, sir, to look at the legislation of Illinois
with reference to the black race. Have we allowed
the negroes to vote there? Have we gii-en them '
any privilege which could be withheld. Nay, we
have been reproached because fiee negroes, under •
our new constitution, may be excluded from llli- ;
nois. But that was an act not only just to her-j
self, but one of the wisest and most commendable j
to be a thing just as easily accomplished as here-
tofore? Most assuredly. And more than this—
the emancipation of slaves would be facilitated by
such an event, because there would be no act of
Congress compelling them to be restored. And
control of Congress; within this District it is also,
■ in my judgment, not subject to be disturbed by
' any legislation; and within the Territories itshould
be left to the people to establish it or not, as their
own judgment may direct them.
Not having the power to legislate upon the sub-
_ ject, or to interfere with this institution, which
the very fact of their passing beyond the limits of | existed before the adoption of the Constitution, I
the States in which slavery is tolerated, to those ! have thought it unwise to discuss what belongs to
in which it is not, would work their immediate
emancipation. This doctrine has been fully settled
the States, and over which this Government has
no power. And I have heard with feelings which
