158
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 24,
3(kra Cong 2d Sess.
Slavery in the Territories—Mr. Chapman.
Ho. of Reps.
the guarantied rights and constitutional obligations
of this Government to the slaveholding States.
But, sir, power is claimed to legislate upon all
.subjects in this District, under the eighth section,
first article, of the Constitution, which authorizes
Congress " to exercise exclusive legislation in all
, * cases whatsoever, over such district not 6xceed-
' ing ten miles square as may by cession of par-
ticular States, and Ihe acceptance of Congress,
* become the seat of the Government of the United-
( States, and to exercise like authority over all places
< purchased by the consent of the Legislature pf
(the State in which the same shall be, for the
c erection of forts, magazines,arsenals, dock-yards,
' and other needful buildings." Here is the grant
of power, an<? its extent and exercise is limited
and defined. The power of legislation in the dis-
trict accepted for a seat of Government, is .qualified
and explained by the authority ro be exercised
over teiritory ceded for dock-yards, arsenals, and
fortifications. The authority i'n one case is similar
to that given in the other; it is such as might be
necessaiy for the purposes for which the grant
might be made, and without which the object of
the grant could not be accomplished. The grant
is. to be construed most liberally in favor of the
rights of the citizen, and against the exercise of
doubtful powers, or those which are not'expressed.
The Government is the trustee, andjthe trusts are
to be executed for the benefit of the cestui que use,
and for the objects for which it was created. Con-
gress can have no power beyond the grant, and can
exercise none, cxcept those which are necessary for
the trust. The purpose of the grant was a seat of
government, and the authority necessary for that
purpose was given. To ijnprove a territory by the
erection of necessary buildings, and establish such
a police as would protect the Government property
and the persons of its officers, to guard against dis-,
•turbances, and avoid a conflict of jurisdiction with
State authority, were the powers necessary to be
exercised. Its jurisdiction is to be coextensive
with the authority which it might require for the
purposes of a seat of government, and to exclude
the necessity of legislation by the State in whose
limits it might be situated. If State authority
could interpose, the Congress would be prevented
from erecting buildings for the accommodation of
the Government, and from grading and construct-
ing streets and avenues from one departoient to
another, without the consent of the State. The
power, to legislate for its necessary purposes of
government was to exclude the legislation of the
Stales upon the same subjects. But was the
power to abolish slavery within the ceded terri-
tory necessary for the Government? Would it
make the District more available for the purposes
of Government, or enable it more efficiently to
administer the vaiious functions of its different j
departments? But exclusive jurisdiction is con- i
strued to mean unlimited power; and if it be so, I
Congress has like authority overall places ceded :
for forts and dock-yards. Where would such an '
assumption of power lead to? It could exercise 1
like authority over its navy or dock-yards' and ;
forts, no matter where situated. And if it possess i
this power, it can abolish slaveiy in its navy- |
yards at Norfolk, Charleston, and Pensacola, and I
establish slavery in its navy-yard at Boston. If j
exclusive legislation is unlimited power, then, in- I
deed, have this people no safeguard for their rights J
beyond the ptecanous will of an irresponsible j
body. But Congress cannot exercise the same pow-
ers here which State Legislatures have in their re-
spective States. JN'or can Congress exercise other
powets here than it can elsewhere, except such as
I have before described, for the purposes for which
the cession wns made, and ,the ends to be attained
by the grant for a seat of government.
Let me ask those who construe the power of
exclusive legislation to mean the exercise of un-
limited legislative powers, if Congress could have
imposed other restrictions and. disabilities upon
the foieign slave trade in this District before 1808, !
than tjiose imposed upon the States? Yet, a State !
might have prohibited the trade before that time, j
although Congress could not have done so. Could
Congress lay a director capitation tax in this Dis-
trict, unless in proportion to the census through-
out the Union? Can Congress impose a'tax^or
fluty on any article exported fiom this District?
Um Congress pass any law,-declaring that fugi-
tives from justice or service and labor within this ;
District shall not be recaptured in another State? ]
No, sir; no such powers are claimed for this Gov- •
ernment; and yet, if exclusive legislation means
unlimited legislative powers, Congress might ex-
ercise all those which are inhibited by the Consti-
tution.
Again, sir: can Congress make any law respect-
ing an establishment of religion within this Dis-
trict? No, sir; and yet a State may, within its
territory, if there is no constitutional prohibition
within such State. ...
States may alter arm abolish their constitutions
and establish a new form of government, provided
it is republican in its character; yet, Congress can-
not change the constitution for this District, if,
indeed there be any such. What is the constitu-
tion for this District? Is it the whole Constitu-
tion, or only the 17th paragraph of the 8th section,
1st article? And where does the sovereignty reside?
Is it in Congress, or with the people, or in the
State of Maryland? If the purposes for which
the territory was ceded shall fail, and the Govern-
ment should no longer hold it as its seat, and
should be removed, what would be its political'
condition? under what jurisdiction would it be?
Would it continue under the jurisdiction of the
Federal Governn^pt? or, the purpose for which
it was ceded having failed, the condition of the
grant not having been complied with, the consider-
ation having been forfeited-or withheld, would not
the territory revert to the State of Maryland ? If
so, the sovereignty is still there, if it abides with
any government; and if a government can possq^s
sovereignty, the government ofMaryland has it in
reversion in this District. The power of Con-
gress over this District is a trust power, and is
to be exercised in executing the purposes of the
grant.
In determining the power of Congress, and th£
extent of its jurisdiction over the District of Co-
lumbia, its citizens, and their property, let us con-
sider it m its relations to the principles of the Gov-
ernment. Sovereignty, in this country, abides frith
thfe people. The Government is the representa-
tive of that sovereignty; the Legislature is but its
agent. The Government is but the creature of the
Constitution; and the Legislature has no power but
that which is conferred. Sovereign power cannot
be delegated; and if the people had delegated it,
it has not been conferred on the Legislature alone.
Sir, exclusive jurisdiction is not unlimited juris-
diction, nor unlimited power; but it is exclusive
of the jurisdiction of the States, and limited by the
powers conferred on Congress by the Constitution.
Jurisdiction is construed to mean sovereignty, when
it is but the exercise of powers delegated and con-
ferred. No sovereignty is transferred over this Dis-
trict by the exclusive jurisdiction, and it is excluded
by the act of cession, which gives to the Govern-
ment the right to purchase and accept lands from
the proprietors, necessary for the purposes of a
seat of government. The power of eminent domain
remains with the people. They have yielded up
no sovereignty; and the Legislature of Maryland
transferred no power which it did not possess; and
over the subject of slavery it never had, and does
not now possess, the power to abolish it. What
power is transferred by the deed of cession ? The
District of Columbia, as now left, was ceded by
the State ofMaryland to the federal Government.
At the time of the cession, slavery existed here,
and was recognized and acknowledged by both
contracting parties. The right to abolish it, if it
existed anywhere, was in the State of Maryland,
and the cession was made with all tne rights of its
citizens unimpaired. The jurisdiction of the State
was transferred, but the rights of the citizens of i
the ceded territory were secured, not only by the :
Constitution, but by the terms of the deed of ces- '
sion. ^ The act of cession of the State of Maryland '
contains this clause: [
"That* all that part of *aid territory colled Columbia, '
which lies within tire limits of this Statu, shall be, am] the ;
same is hereby, acknowledged to be forever ceded and rehn- 1
qui&hed to the Congicss and Government of the United '
States, in full and absolute light and exclusive (uri^diction i
as well of'soil a* of persons rending, or to reside thereon' i
pwrMiani to the tenor and effect of the 4th section ot the 1st '
article ot the Con-iUtuion of the Got eminent ot the United 1
States: Provided, That nothing heiein contained shall be '
so construed to vest in the United States anv right of prop- 1
erty in the soil as to affect the rights of individuals therein j
otherwise than the game shall or utny he transfer* ed bv I
such individuals to the United States: And provided also I
; That the jurisdiction of the laws of this State over thf per-
j sons and pioperly of individuals residing within the limits
■ of the ees.-iort aforesaid shall not cease or determine1 until
i Congress shall, by law, provide for the government thereof
under their jurisdiction, in manner, provided fay the article
of the Constitution heiore recited."
Such was the condition of the citizens of this
District at the adoption of the Constitution, and
such the security to them and their property stip-
ulated by the act of cession by the Stale of Mary-
land, and accepted by the Federal Government.
; The limitation of power, and the transfer of juris-
, diction, areexplicit—they admit of no misconstrue-
I tion. The rights of individuals are not to be
I affected by the transfer of jurisdiction; and by the
| cession, Congress is to possess and exercise no *
i^power over the property or the rights of the citi-
! zens which it coulu not have exercised over the
1 property and rights of the citizens of Maryland,
! or further than may be transferred by individuals
to the United States. The limitations contained
i in this clause of the act of cession, are as compre-
j hensive as they could have been expressed. The
; rights of the citizen are not to be the subject of
legislation by Congress, and their property is ex-
pressly excluded in the grant of power from the
control of legislation, and can only be affected by
individual transfer.
I may be told that the power of exclusive legis-
lation over the District is fully transferred by the
act of cession, and that it gives to Congress the
right to legislate upon all'subjects. Notso. Either
by the powers conferred by the Constitution, or
the power derived from the State of Maryland,
after the adoption of the Constitution, authorizing
| the cession and acceptance of a District as the seat
' of government, a contract was necessary to be
made between the Federal Government and a State
or States to carry that provision into effect. That
| contract was made with the State ofMaryland by
; the act of cession and its acceptance by Congress;
I and the contract is to be construed and interpreted
; as any other instrument of like character; and the
j rights, privileges, and powers inuring and secured
| to the parties to that contract, are to be judged of,
j and are to be governed by, the terms, the meaning,
I and spirit of the contract. The right to form this
contract cannot be doubted. It is provided for by ,
i the Constitution, and Congress acknowledges the
| right to contract on the part ofMaryland, and the
compact is of as binding force and obligation as if
it had been a treaty of cession by a foreign State.
Congress can have no title beyond the deed under
which it claims and the terms of its acceptance,
and can exercise no powers which are without the
| limitations therein contained. The deed of cession
. is to operate according to its terms, and the powers
I granted and to be exercised over the ceded terri-
| tory are confined by the limitations expressed in
; the deed:
\ " That nothing herein contained s>hdll he construed as to
! affect the rights of individuals therein, otherwi-e than the '
I same shall or may be transferred by such individuals to tne
| United'States."
j An attempt to exercise any power not conferred
; upon Congress by the act of cession, would be a
i gross usurpation of power, and in violation of the
j rights of the State of Maryland, and of the com-
| part entered into with her. Sir, Congress has no
; right to take power by implication. Congress has
! no right to constiue the compact with Maryland,
I other than as explicitly stated on the face of it.
j Maryland has as much right to constiueitasCon-
; gress has; and more than once has that State ex-
! pressed her construction-of it, and denied that any
j power was given to Congress over the question of
' slavery in the Distnct, either by the Constitution
| or the act of cession,
Again, sir: does any man believe that Maryland
; intended to relinquish all power over this question
! to Congress, when she ceded the territory for a seat
of government, and authorized her citizens to give
or grant their lands to the United States for a Fed-
eral city ; No rational man will hazard such an
opinion. Maryland has declared, by repeated res-
olutions of her Legislature, that such was riot the
intent of the grant; and surely the grant of power
without any consideration*, except such as is to
inure to the benefit of the grantee, is to be con-
strued by limiting the power to the express words
of the deed, and the objects for which the grant was
made.
Mr. Chairman, if a cession of territory, under
the article in the Constitution authorising Congress
