1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
ISff
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Slavery in the Territories—Mr. Chapman.
.Ho, of Reps.
.to accept such territory for a seat of Government^
had been made by one of the States of this Union
'which had abolished slavery before the formation
of the Constitution, and had been accepted by
Congress as a seat of government, let me ask. sir,
if Congress could have established slavery therein
without the consent of that State? If the cession
had been made by Massachusetts or Pennsylvania,
•as was contemplated might'have been by the latter
State, would it have been competent for Con-
gress to have established slavery in the territory
so ceded, under the power of exclusive legislation.?
No, sir; such a power is not within the grant,
because not within the range of conferred powers;
-and the power of exclusive legislation, though it
excludes the power of State authority and the
right of State legislation, is yet controlled by the
limitations, and within the purview and for the
purposes for which the cession was made. If
Congress could have had no power to establish in
the District, if it had been ceded in a non-slave-
Holding State, an institution which had been abol-
ished before the formation of the Constitution, I
ask, in all candor, how can it possess the power
to destroy the institution which" did exist in the
ceded territory before the formation of the Consti-
tution? If there is no power to create in the one
• case, it certainly does give none to destroy in the
-other. The power to destroy presupposes the
power to create. All the powers and jurisdiction
'transferred are to be exercised pursuant to the
tenor and effect of the 8th section, 1st article of
the Constitution, which authorized Congress to
exercise such and ** like authority*9 as it exeicises
over dock-yards and fortifications, and no other.
That is authority necessary for the objcct for the
accomplishment of which the cession might be
made. I think, then, sir, it is clear, that the end
to be attained by the cession and acceptance of
this territory, and the inducements and purposes
of the cession made by Maryland and Virginia,
then a party to this transaction with the United
States, did not require or make it necessary that*
, Congress should possess the power to abolish sla-
very in the territory ceded; and I take leave to
add, that in contemplation of that cession, Mary-
land herself could not have abolished slavery in
this territory without abolishing the institution
throughout the State, and certainly could transfer
no power to this Government which she did not
But, sir, the Legislature neither transferred this
power, nor was it competent to do it. The Legis-
. iature is not the sovereign power of the State, and
cannot alter or change its organic law, nor divest
one of us citizens ot his rights. The Constitution
points out the manner by which it shall be changed.
The people arranged that when it was adopted. It
can only be done by the process and in the man-
ner pointed out by the Constitution, of-by the ex-
ercise of the inalienable right to hold a convention
for that purpose.
Contemplating the iriconveniencesand difficulties
which would attend a convention of the people for
any change in their form of government or organic
law, they provided a manner of change to prevent
that necessity, and any alteration can be made by
two successive acts of the General Assembly.
-"When an alteration is required, it is submitted by
the Legislature to the people, and they ratify and
.confhtn it at the next meeting of the General As-
sembly by instructions to their representatives, or
it is rejected by them if they do not approve of it.
Such is and ever has been the constitution of Ma-
" ryiand from its adoption in 1776. So that the
Legislature of Maryland possessed no power to
transfer to Congress authority or unlimited power
' over this subject, and if the transfer had been
made it would have been void. Neither<he Le-
gislature of Maryland nor this Legislature can
' abolish the title to slaves any more than title to
lands or any other property#
The same power which can alter and amend the
Constitution of Maryland or the Constitution of
the United States, can control this question in
either, and no other power. It is an incident to
sovereignty, and beyond the power of ordinary
legislation.
But, sir,.! will go further upon this branch of
the question of power. The Legislature neither
* transferred any power over the subject of slavery
to Congress, nor was the Legislature competent;
but if such power had been transferred by the
sovereign power of Maryland, it would have been
void. The Constitution of the United States is a
compact between thirteen independent States; to
this compact each and every one of the parties has
assented. It contained certain specified powers or
trusts conveyed for certain purposes. Now, sir,
it would be useless to argue that one of the parties
to that contract is not competent to change, alter,
limit, enlarge, or annul that contract, or to give to
the trustee other or different powers from those
enumerated and conferred by the agreement of the
parties, it would be strange, sir, if the powefp of
the Federal Government could be enlarged by the
act of Assembly of one State; or if one of the thir-
teen States, or even one-half of them, could change
the contract to which all are parties.
Let me ask, sir, what power does this Govern-
ment or any other Government possess over the
property of the citizen ? The great law of public
necessity and the general welfare, and which
makes individual inteiest secondary to the welfare
of the community, is directed and controlled by
our Constitution. The 5th article of the Amend-
ments to the Constitution has this declaration:
"Nor shall puvate property be taken lor public use, with-
out jdht compensation."
If taken for public use, just compensation is to
be made, to be ascertained by a properly-consti-
tuted tribunal. Now, sir, I contend that no emer-
gency can arise, wherein the slaves of this District
could be taken by the Government und&r this au-
thority of the Constitution. There is no public
use to which they could be applied, except per-
haps in time of invasive war, to work upon fort-
ifications, or in such temporary employments.
But, sir, if they could be taken by the Govern-
ment for public use, that does not authorize the
destruction of rights m property not required for
public use, without making just compensation to
-the owner. The right to appropriate the property
of an individual for the public good, does not carry
with it the greater ngnt to destroy his property
without any compensation.
The powerof this Government over this District
and the rights of its citizens is limited by the grant
and its acceptance; and I thmjt 1 have already
shown that the power to abolish slavery was not
given, and that Maryland did. not herself possess
it, unless it had been made applicable to the whole
State, and that under the exercise of a different
authority from that of her Legislature.
All the power that was granted was that which
w$s necessary to accomplish the object; and the
exclusive power of legislation was given to pie-
vent the interference of State authority, and a con-
flict of jurisdiction, by which the deliberations of
Congress might be interrupted and rendered inse-
cure, as they had been upon a previous occasion.
Any act of this Congress m violation of this com-
pact would be a usurpation-of power, and would
have no binding force or obligation upon the per-
sons whose rights were invaded.
Then, sir, if the Government of the United States
has no power over this question, and the subject of
slavery in the District of Columbia, under the spe-
cific grant contained in the eighth section of the
first article of the Constitution-, if the act of ces-
sion of the State of Maryland transfers no greater
powers than those authorized to be held by Con-
gress under the limitations contained in that giant,
and for the purposes thesem expressed; if the Le-
gislate e of Maryland had no power to transfer,
except for the purposes of a seat of government;
and if such a grant, if made, would have been in
violation of the compact between the thirteen^
States,—let us mquue into the general powers ot
this Government, and sec it tins power to legislate
upon the subject of property m slaves, except to
enforce the compact providing for the recapture of
fugitives, comes within the range of powers dele-
gated by the States to the Federal Government.
Chief Justice Marshall, in pronouncing the judg-
ment of the court m the case of McCulloh rs. lhe
State of Maryland, said:
Tiii- Government is acknowledged by all to be one of
enumerated powers. Tiio principle, ihat it can exeieit-e
only thepoweis granted lo ir, would seem too apparent to
have lequired to he enfolded b> all those arguments wnich
its enlightened friend's, while it was* depending hetoiu the
people, found it neeebsary to urge. That principle is now
universally adjoined."
As to the extent of powers actually granted to
the Federal Government, and the conflicting powd-
ers and jurisdiction of the Federal and State Gov-
ernments, Judge Marshall holds this language:
"If any one proposition could command the universal
absent of mankind, we might expect ir would be this—that *
the Government of the Union, though limited m its powers,,
is supreme within its sphere of action."
In the case of'Cohens vs. Virginia, Chief Justice
Marshall also says:
"The General Government, though limited as to its pow-
ers, is supreme as to its objects."—6 Wheaton'a Reports.
fn the same case of McCulloh vs. The State of
Maryland, he says:
" Tlie'Government of the United States, then, though lim-
ited in its powers, is supieme; and its laws, when hmde in
pursuance of the Constitution, form the law of the land,
anything in the constitution or laws of any State to the con-
trary notwithstanding."
" The powers of sovereignty are divided between the Gov-
ernment ot the Union and those of the States. They aro
each soveioi^n, with re^fuct to the objects committed to it,
and neither sovereign with respect to the objects committed
to the other."'
Here, Mr. Chairman, are three principles defi- „
ning the powers of the Federal Government:
1st. That it can exercise only the powers granted
to it.
2d. Though limited in its powers, it is supreme
as to the objects committed to it, and over those
objects supreme in its exercise.
3d. That sovereignty is divided between the
State governments and the Federal Government,
each being supreme over the objects respectively
committed to them.
Ileie, sir, is the limitation of power, its extent
and its character, and - by these must the action of
this Government be controlled. Its powers'are
enumerated in the Constitution, expressly granted
by the people, and acknowledged and ratified by
the sovereign States. It possesses no other powers
but those which are enumerated, and such as are
incidental and necessary to the exercise of those
enumerated. There can be no conflict of jurisdic-
tion between the different sovereignties in the ex-
ercise of State and Federal powers. The Govern-
jnent of the Union is limited in its power. It is
'bound by the grant which was executed by the
people ot the States, arid circumscribed within the
sphere assigned to it by the Constitution. But
within that sphere it is supreme, and over the sub-
jects which come within its jurisdiction and rangeof
powers, it has no rival. Its power within the range
of its ekercise spreads, over the Union, and is
supreme, but only supteme when within the lim-
itations of the Constitution; and as to the objects
for which it was created, and the subjects coming
under its jurisdiction, over all subjects committed
to its jurisdiction it is paramount to State author-
ity. if, then, it is supreme over all subjects, and
in all places where it has power and jurisdiction,
it follows as a corollary that it has no power or
jurisdiction over any ^ubjeet which it does not
possess everywhere in the Union. There is no
divided sovereignty as to the objects of power
between State and Federal authority. Jurisdic-
tion over a subject-matter is wholly Federal or
State. The Federal Government has the supreme
and unlimited power over it, or it has no power
over it. Its power, if it rightfully has any, knows
no bounds but the limits of this Confederacy. Its
march is over the CJnion; it has ubiquity and om-
nipotence.
But3 Mr. Chairman, who ever contended that
this Government had power over slavery through-
out the Union? Who ever thought, that upon
this subject, its powers were sovereign and su-
pteme? Who has ever claimed for it any power
over this subject, until, within a few years, the
dreams of fanaticism have imagined lhat some
political capital might be made by claiming power
over this subject within this District? "kes, sir,
it is claimed, as yet, in this District only. It is
not claimed as a supreme power, to be exercised
as its other powers are; but an opposite character
is given to it—the sphere of its exercise is to be
limited, instead of its power. The constitutional
attributes of the Government are reversed by this
assumption of power. The power over the subject
is claimed for the Congress, but it is admntad that
the exercise of the power is limited and restrained.
But, sir, if it can be exercised over the subject of
slavery here—if that is one of the objects com-
mitted to the Federal Government—is not its
power over the subject without limit, supreme,
