160
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 24,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Slavery in the Territories—Mr. Chapman.
Ho. of Reps.
ami commensurate with the boundaries of this
•Republic, and can be as rightfully exercised in
the States as here, "the supreme law of the
land?" There is no limitation in its sphere of
action. The limitations of the Constitution are in
the powers which are granted. If any is granted
as to an object, it is paramount to State authority,
and laws passed in the exercise of that power form
the law of the land, the whole land. The conclu-
sion, then, to my mind, is irresistible, that if the
power of the Federal Government, over all sub-
jects and in all places where it has jurisdiction, is
supreme, it has no power or jurisdiction over a
subject anywhere which it has not everywhere;
and having no power over slavery in the States, it
has no power over it in this District, or elsewhere,
where it existed at. the time of the formation of the
Constitution, and entered into the guaranties and
compromises of that instrument. We may learn
something of the powers of the Government from
the construction given to the Constitution and the
opinions entertained by Congress soon after its
adoption. In 1790, a petition was presented, pray-
ing Congress, among other things, to legislate upon
the subject of slavery. It was about the time that
it was adopting measures for a permanent seat of
government, when, if the power had been possessed,
it would have been asserted, although it might not
have beeS exercised. The petition was referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, with many
instructions, and reported back to the House, with
the following expression of opinion, viz:
" That Congress have no .mtlionty to interfere in the
emancipation of slavey or in the treatment of them within
'any of the States, it lemanmigwiUi the several States alone
to provide any regulations therein which humanity and true
poliev may require."—Sec House Journal, (" repnni,'1)page
181, MdrrkQ3, 1790.
In January, 1800, the question again was discuss-
ed in the House of Representatives. As has always
been the case, it produced excitement. It arose upon
apetition relating to the foreign slave trade; and also
asking " thai Congress should interfere with the sub-
ject of slavery as far as might be in its power." The
petition was referred to a committee, to inquire
" what alterations ought to be made in the law,
entitled An act to prohibit the carrying on.the slave
trade from the United States to any foreign place
or country." Pending this debate, and the excite-
ment which it produced, it was necessary for the
House to adjourn. 1 have not been able tcAsee the
debate as reported at that time. .It is to be had, I
learn, in no paper published at that early day ex-
cept the Aurora, and I have seen no perfect copy
of that work. But, sir, I have been told by a dis-
tinguished gentleman, long a member of this
House, who had not only read the debate, but had
heard an account of it by those who were present
and participated in it, that it was characterized by
all the ability and patriotic feeling for which -the
public men of that early day of the Republic were
so noted.
It will be recollected, sir, that it was during the
Presidency of the elder Adams, when the Federal
party weie in power, distinguished, if not above,,
at least as much as any party which has ever
banded together, in support of free institutions.
The chief supporters of the Administration were
from the South; among them the distinguished
Edwat'd Rutledge, from South Carolina. I am
informed, sir, that on Mr. Rutledge's motion, the
House adjourned over, and that there was on that
night a meeting of the friends of the Administra-
tion upon the subject; that it was insisted by Mr.
Rutledge that the friends of the Administration
from the North should stand by the South, and
the compromises of the Constitution. An amend-
ment to the instructions was agreed to, and re-
ported the next morning, which was adopted by
the House—yeas 85, nay 1—every man from the
North voting for it but one. The amendment is m
these words;
" And that the part* of the ss:d petition which invite Con-
gress to legislate upon subjecNfrom winch the Genera! Gov-
ernment is" precluded by the Constitution, have a tendency
to create disquiet and jeaJousv, and ought therefoie to re-
ceive no encouragement or countenance horn this House."
Such was the opinjon of Congress in 1800, when
those were living who had been actors on the stage,
and participated in forming the Constitution; and
I am not aware, Mr. Chairman, that there are any
circumstances at this day which entitles this sab- 1
ject or its agitation to more " countenance or
encouragement" from this House than it has re-
ceived. We are not willing to admit that we are
less patriotic, or that we are indifferent to the peace j
and quiet of the country. If, Sir, we intend to pre- j
serve this Government in the spirit which prompted ;
its formation, we must adhere to tf^e compromises
of the Constitution as they were agreed upon.
Mr. Chairman, the history of the Government
is replete with evidence that it was the intention
of the Convention to secure the right of property
in slaves wherever it then existed. No guarantee
could be more express than that contained in the
Corftitution; and the opinions expressed by the
distinguished men, both from the North and the
South, of the obligations upon the States to adhere
to the compromises and the protection afforded to
the owners of slaves by the Constitution, place
this question beyond cavil or doubt. I have not
the time to refer to the opinions of distinguished j
men in the State conventions which ratified the j
Constitution. Let whoever wishes to be guided j
in his readingand construction of that instrument ;
by the light of those who framed it, refer to the ;
proceedings of the S.tate conventions. There he
will see that one of the compromises was, to place
the commerce and navigating interest; which was
peculiar to the northern States, " under the control
of a majority of Congress, and that there should be
no restraints on their navigation,''and " that the
South was secured in its property in slaves" by
the same instrument. But, sir, 1 have not time to
discuss this branch of my subject farther.
1 desire to submit some views upon the power
to prohibit the sale of slaves in this District, or
their introduction for sale. I am dealing with this
question as one of legal right and constitutional
power, and not of individual opinion or personal
feeling. The law in force in this District, as the
House has been informed more than once, is the
act of Maryland of 1796, chapter 67. This law
prohibits the introduction of slaves into this Dis-
trict, except from the State, and with some excep-
tions in favor of those acquiring title to them by
marriage, bequest, or in course of distribution. If
the views which I have given upon the power of
the Government to abolish the institution be cor-
rect, they apply with equal force to the exercise of
the power over the sale. The right of property in-
cludes the right to alien and transfer, and it is well
settled that a deed with condition that the grantee
shall not alien, that thecondition is void. The right
of property and the right to transfer are insepara-
ble. The right of sate is one of the attributes of
property; the major includes the minor*, it gives it
its value. " You take the life, when you take that
whereby it lives."
I intended to present another view of this ques-
j tion, connccted with the power of Congress over
j commerce between the. States, but my time will
J not admit of it. I will, however, refer to the opin-
! ions of the Supreme Court, bearing upon this view
j of it, which I intended to discuss-
| In the case of Groves et al. vs. Slaughter, re-
j ported in 15th Peters, Judge McLean, in giving
j the opinion of the court, says:
I "The power over slavery belongs to the States lespect-
ively. It is local in its character and in it* effects, and the
transfer or sate ot slaves cannot be separated from this
power. It is indeed, an essential part ofit."
Chief Justice Taney, in the same case, says:
"The action of the several States upon this subject can-
. not be controlled by Congress, eitlrer by virtue of it* power
j to regulate commerce, or by virtue ot any other power con-
; ferred by the Constitution of the United States."
! In the decision of this case, the power of Con-
| gress to regulate commerce between the States
| was discussed, and is embraced in the opinions
i given by the- court. It seems not to have been
I necessary that this question should have been de-
1 cided, because not material to the issues in the
| cause; but the court did decide it—that slaves were
| not merchandise, under the meaning of the Consti-
i tution, and could be transferred from one State to
1 another, and cannot be controlled by Congress,
j If, then, the purchase and sale cannot be controlled
; by Congress as commerce, how can Congress pro-
1 hibit the purchase of them by the people of this
! District from the State of Maryland?
In the same case, Judge Baldwin says:
" What should be the extent of the right of property in
the owner of a slave, depended on the law ol each State ;
that was and is a subject on which no power is granted by
the Constitution to Congress; consequently none can be ex-
ercised, directly or indirectly. It if a matter of national '
police, over which the Stares have reserved the entire con-
trol ; they and they alone can deelare what is property, &.c.r
which leaves this subject untouched and intangible, exccpt
by the States."—15 Peters, 515.
Again he says:
"Being property by the law of every State, the owners
are protected fiom every violation of the rights of property
by Congress, under the fifth amendment of the Constitution ;
these rights do not consist merely jii ownership; the right of
disposing of-property of all kinds is incident to it} winch Con-
gress cannot touch."
Let us inquire into our powers and obligations,
when legislating upon the rights and interests of
this District. The Congress of the United States,
Mr. Chairman, is the National Legislature, and, as
i such, legislates and has jurisdiction over all sub-
jects of a national character, and for the purposes
of the Union and the National Government. But,
sir, when it legislates upon subjects and questions
which appertain to this District, and the rights of
its citizens, it loses its character of nationality, and
bfceomes the local legislature, exercising another
class of powers, conferred for municipal pur-
poses. In legislating for the rights of the citizens
of this Territory, we are not the representatives
of the States from which we come; we are the rep-
resentatives of this people,'and bound, by all the
obligations which attach to the representative char-
acter, to guard the rights and interests committed
to us, and to respect the wishes of those whom
we represent, within the range of constitutional
powers. If you erect any other standard of duty
and obligation, on the part of the representatives
towards this District, you subject this people to
the will of a foreign community. Bad enough is
it that they are deprived of self-government—that
they have no voice in the legislation which is to
control their rights; but far worse would it be, if
they are to be governed by those who are foreign
to them in feeling, and strangers to their interests
and their wants. If this evil exists,,as alleged,
who is to judge of its extent, and the necessity for
its removal ? Is the legislation of this Congress
for the local interests and the private rights of this
people to be controlled by the wishes and opinions
j of the people of this District, or by the people of
j Ohio, and Massachusetts, and New Hampshire,
■ Michigan, or Illinois? Are the people of other
j States to become the censors of the morals of this
| community, and the rights of the District to bo
i subjected to the standard of the particular taste of
anothef people? I think, sir, that this community
is as capable of judging of and determining what,
is a nuisance among them, as those who live afar
off, and have different opinions and different tastes.
If you subject this District and its citizens* with
their rights, their interests, and their property, to
the control of Representatives who are bound to
listen to and be guided by the opinions and tastes
of the different constituencies whom they repre-
sent, you place them under as very a despotism as
any*existing in the civilized world.
We are told, sir, that the North is sound upon
this subject—that they know their constitutional
obligations, and they understand the rights of the
South, and'that they will not encroach upon them.
We aie told that the true sentiment of the mass of
the people is not reflected by the abolition excite-
ment which is exhibited on this floor, and that
no disposition is felt to break down the barriers of
i| the Constitution, or to disregard the compromises
!: which led to and entered into its formation and
adoption by the States. Sir, I once thought so
j| too; but I mu3t say—and I say it with deep re-
1 gret—that my opinion as to the conservative feel'
i mg of the North is undergoing* a change. Wc
i witness, and have to combat too, many efforts on
* this floor to interfere with our rights. If the people
of the North intend to adhere to the compromises
1 of the Constitution, why do they not speak out
i like men, and tell their representatives to attend
. to their legitimate business? Why do they not
j instruct them to abstain from intermeddling with
: the rights secured to the slaveholding States by
! the Constitution, and without which security, they
' have been told judicially, by one of the ablest and
: most upright jurists who ever wore the ermine,,
that " the Union could not have been formed." "
^ Why this incessant, never-ceasing agitation?
; Why this continued discussion about slavery?
! Why this protracted and unholy crusade against
i an institution which waa fastened upon us by the
