APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 26,
30th Cono 2D SESS.
Slavery in the Territories—Mr. Vcnable.
Ho. of Reps.
Civilized, living in villages, or sparsely scattered
O'visr an immense surface, and' unaccustomed to
tfie restraints of law, or the operation of civil
institutions—particularly ignorant of our social
System, and unenlightened as to self-government
For such a people, prudence at once decides that
a: territorial government, in the first degree, is that
which circumstances imperiously demand, and the
only one which can at once give order and tran-
quillity to the incongruous elements of society as
it exists. The social tie is not of sufficient force
to bring them together under any other form of
government at present. Distance, as well as the
inveteracy of habit, render them naturally averse
to the effort which any other government would
require; and the security from violence, and the
instincts of self-protection, would at oncc demon-
strate to them that a powerful, strong, and efficient
organic government is demanded, and ought to be
preferred. They are unlike the inhabitants of our
western domain, who, by early association and
education, are inclined to prefer, and whose expe-;
rience would cause them to adopt, institutions sim- |
ilar to our own. A longer tutelage is indispens-
able—a time for assimilation must be allowed.
It was well said, Mr. Chairman, by the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Preston,] that this Fed-
eral Gbvernment was the trustee, and held these
tetritories in virtue of that trust. In a speech
recently delivered by him, he says:
'< We talk here about dissolving this* Union—we talk
about destroying our institutions—we talk about abandon-
ing'all the past, and all the gloiioin prospects of the future,
because, forsooth, we will squabble over the distribution of
a, trust subject and a trust fund. We, tlic mere trustee,
holding it but for ari hour or a day, quarrel and destioy all
our institutions, while there are the people of California—
the cestui que <vv<-t—thev to whom it belongs—they who are
primarily entitled to it,'ask and demand of jou that yon
should not quarrel over the distribution of the tru^t fund,
but that you should coine up ami surrender that tiust sub-
ject itself into the hands of those who are its legitimate
owners, thai a soveieign State may be cieated out oTit."
I am very far from admitting, however, that the
inhabitants of the Territories are alone the cestui
que trusts.
Mr. PRESTON. Will the gentleman give way?
Mr. VENABLE. Certainly.
Mr. PRESTON. I said that the Gcfvernmcnt
of the United States was trustee for the great pur-
pose of maturing the growth of a State, and that
tbe citizens of the United States composing that
community were the cestui que trusts.
Mr. VENA13LE. I accept the explanation; but
it does not obviate' the difficalty, for.it presupposes
that there can be a time, when, if there were no
inhabitants, there could be no cestui que trust, and
at least when there was a numberless than should i
be formed into a State, that there was in existence ■
onlyan incomplete ofs/nt que trust. Conquest would 1
confer upon the inhabitants the title to territory, m- •'
stead of transferring it to the conquerors; and even
a treaty could confer no title to eminent domain, !
without the consent of the inhabitants of a con- !
quered ora ceded territory. It is the domain of the 1
United States, of ail the people of all the States, and i
this Government is the trustee for the whole. This \
trust estate can cease in only two ways either by I
the cession of the territories to a foreign Power, as
was done in the case of Texas, or by admitting the j
sovereignty of the territory, when' it shall have |
asserted it. The territorial condition ceases by the i
consent of Congress, in the acknowledgment of the :
asserted sovereignty of the "inhabitants." The !
law admitting the State is a conveyance by the !
trustee to a sovereign State, of that which was held I
for all the people of all the States. A cession by '
treaty to a foreign Power carries with it the tern-1
tory and its inhabitants, unless they choose to !
remove within the limits of the United States i
There is no absolute right of a Territory to demand i
admission as a State. It is a privilege to ask, and ,
if nothing ot sufficient importance should forbid, it
is the duty of Congress to admit.'But it is a matter -
oreound discretion to be exercised by Congress,who !
should judge discreetly, and act justly in the prem- i
ises. _ The assertion of sovereignty on the part of the
territories does not give them a ri^ht to exercise !
it antagonistically to the Federal Government, but 'I
the propriety of that assertion is to be judged of,
and acted upon by Congress itself; and'whenever >
a rerritory, without a previous legislative enact- i
Snm^'r' i °f 9°n8" . does make a gov- .■
efnmem, and declare itself sovereign, it is a revo- i1
lutionary act, rendered harmless, it is true, by a I find my friend from Kentucky [Mr. MoreheadJ
reception into the Confederacy. It is scarcely ne- —aj:—*'  •' "
cessary for me here to remark, that Congress have
no right to regulate or impose conditions upon a
sovereign State, as to the provisions of its consti-
tution; but''it is equally true that there may be pro-
visions which would render it proper for Congress
to refuse admission into the Union of the State
which adopted them. The right tofofm a govern-
ment is one thing, but the right to come into this
Confederation is another; so that we do not hold
still confiding in the conservative veto of the Pres-
ident. I listened with pleasure and with profit to
his remarks. I am for resisting this policy by the
legislative and the executive arm, for I feel assured
that the adoption of the Wilmot proviso, either in
its terms or in its spirit, must be pioductive of
fatal results.
Sir, I use no language of menace—it is both un-
manly and unbecoming: but when every Legisla-
ture, from "Virginia to Florida, has spoken out in
as trustees for the inhabitants of the Territories I resolutions which manifest a deep sense of injus-
alone, neither have they a right to demand admis- |l tice, and a purpose of resistance, it becomes us to
sion unconditionally into the Union as a mat- i| pause. I have heard with pain several gentlemen
ter of right. We learn much from contempora- j! speak with but small respect of the resolutions
neous history. The ordinance of 178-3 provided 'j of Legislatures. In the best days of our Republic
i that the States to be formed out of the North-
jj west Territory should adopt republican constitu-
I' tions—a provision which enables us to under-
Ij-stand what is meant by that provision in the Con-
II stitution which guaranties a republican form of
;, government to each of the States. The people who
11 form must be able to understand and create a
1; republican form of government, before Congress
j! could exercise a sound discretion in the admission
I of such a State. The substitute of the gentleman
i from Virginia [Mr. Preston] contemplates the
j admission of the State of California without any
! review of its constitution, on a given day, upon the
announcement of the organization of a State gov-
! ernment—a government which might establish a
, religion, or contain many provisions which conflict
■ with the spirit of our institutions.
1 The article of the Constitution which provides
that new States may be admitted into the Union,
1 certainly contemplated the existence of those
| States, composed of such elements as were con-
it was not so: Congress listened with respect, and
received with courtesy their communications, and
they were usually regarded as safe indications of
the popular mind. But, sir, those days have passed.
The magnificence of this central Government has
eclipsed the modest pretensions of the State insti-
tutions; and those sovereign States to which we
owe our allegiance are sneered at as insignificant,
and their voice disregarded. It is not the least
distressing indication of the times that all State-
rigHts politicians are considered as abstractionists,
and that the commanding power of a great central
Government threatens to absorb all rival authority.
Those State sovereignties whose original light was
intended to give luster to the Federal power, are
rapidly becoming reflectors, instead of genera-
tors: their governments, at first seeming to revolve
around this center, were, in fact, within the influ-
ence of a great political whirlpool; each successive
i revolution makes the heads of statesmen more
giddy, and comes nearer and nearer to the center,
genial to those States which already composed the ]j until all will be overwhelmed in the vortex of con-
jj Confederacy. The power is one of discretion,
j I and should be soundly and discreetly exercised. |
I A State is a sovereign, and votes ApiaUy in the i
j Senate; and the substitute proposes to give two I
members in the House of Representatives. This I
j! is evidently and conclusively unconstitutional, as i
,i representation is to be apportioned to population, i
I except that no State shall have less than one rep-
! resentative. The population of the whole Terri-
tory of New Mexico, excluding savages, does not
amount to much more than the" quota of one rep-
resentative; and if this arbitrary apportionment of
j representatives be allowed in the formation c-f
i States, there would be no limit to the abuse. But
. the radical defect is, that a State is created by the"
j consent of Congress, and admitted on a day cer-
I toin, without reference to the character of the £ov-
| ernment which she may adopt, or the fitness of
the population to form or appreciate republican
institutions. Sir, why this expedient to settle this
; territorial difficulty? Did not almost all the south-
ern Representatives vote, in the last session, for
l the Rlissouri compromise and the Clayton com
promise bills? Was not the last bill
olidation. Congress, who, under the Constitu-
tion, was authorized to admit new States, is now
supposed to have the power to create them; and
I fear it will next be discovered that the power
which can create has .the ability to obliterate from
existence a refractory member of the Confederacy.
Sir, I fully appreciate the patriotic motives of
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Preston,] in
the substitute before us. I sympathize most sin-
cerely in his deep anxiety to give repose and'a
final adjustment to this disturbing question. But,
sir, his' bill cannot effect that object. Should g
State government be formed excluding slavery, the
South will not be satisfied, because a surface equal
to one-fourth of the United States has been taken
from them by the population of a conquered terri-
tory and a few emigrants from all quarters of the
world; the mineral wealth of these regions, forever
lost to them by the vote of those who have been
conquered by their valor, and all the advantages
of position anjl of prosperity at once secured to a
favored portion of their fellow-citizens. Should
they fail to make a government within the limited
objected to , time, (an event almost absolutely certain,) then the
, : . ---- umo, uaiiuoiftWWilUClJ CCllC
; oy tne extreme I' ree-soilers, as yielding too much question comes back to us, combinin
f A f ho I H fl-i /-i-i.v* ils 11,. ... ^ ... . ? ' .1 ,t , , —
to their southern fellow-citizens in giving them
barely a chance in the courts; and by some=south-
I ern gentlemen, because they believed that it aban- '
doned all to the North?
J And what do we gain, sir, by this expedient? '
' Have we reason to believe that the incongruous !
multitude, with none of the elements of statesman- i
, ship or political experience, ought to be intrusted 1
with the great task of fixing the foundations ofpo- i
litical institutions for posterity? Ought we to con-1
elude ihat this scheme will secure or protect south- ;
ern citizens m emigrating with their property into j
these Territories- Sir, it is but another form (
; of the Wilmot proviso, with this difference—it is
equally effectual in excluding, us by admitting the j
territorial sovereignty to be cxercised by a pop- 1
ulatton averse to our peculiar institution, embit- li
tered, however, by the reflection, that we fix it on 1
ourselves. If the proviso is fixed to the bill by a
majority, it is an affair, sir, which power imposes;
if we vote for a State government before emigra-
tion has given the southern States a chance,''ive
fix it upon ourselves. Believe me, sir, that this
expedient will never satisfy thinking men to the
more com-
plicated elements of strife and of difficulty. An
accomplished officer—Lieutenant Lanman—of our
navy, who, until the last of October, acted as col-
lector of the port of Monterey on the Pacific, in-
formed me that the combined population of Califor-
nia proper, west of the Sierra Nevada, did not ex-
ceed fifteen thousand—a population less than that
; of either of three comities in my own district;
11 that such was the intense interest for gold-hunting,
that it was impossible for him to get the citizens
there to elect the alcalde or judge; arid that he
actually was compelled to keep open the polls for
!] several days, without precedent or law, to effect-
I an election. He promptly affirmed that he (lid not
I believe that the occupation of gold digging would
i be abandoned for a length of time sufficient to con-
stitute the elements of a government according to
j the provisions of any law. The people of Cali-
; forma think so themselves; and in a communication
; ^ have before me, ask a territorial government as
: the one best suited to the case.
j Sir, I feel assured, in supporting a territorial
government in California, I am carrying out the
Sniih w. jiT'7' jr ...w.,s men tu me 11 expressed wishes of the Executive, who, with
a State liver- Zt,'hT*' f formation of , much wisdom, has decided that this is the govern-
beexcluded hurried now, slavery must j, ment which they need. If he had changed his
To vole fnv thU Kill , ■ h opinion, lie would doubtless have communicated
,ion Lf tl i Q K t 3 fnrTr 'I"3 (iues" !i the SAme to Congress in. a message.
ou h. I was much pleased to ; I 1 am profoundly conscious, sir, of the duty whiah
