1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Civil and Diplomatic Approprialions-—Mr. Sawyer.
Ho. of Reps.
a whole year to look at the moon. On page 38 we
are informed that experiments have been making
for three years to find out the temperature of the
ocean at the depth of twenty thousand feet. On
page 27 we are told of a great search after " the
white rock," which was never found. On page 2
we are told that—
" During the past year the work has been carried into
every State, witli one exception, on the Atlantic arid Gulf
ol' Mexico, and parties are on the way and under orders for
the Pacific coast."
This is a!! false, except that parties are on their
way to the Pacific coast. This is true. Since the
discovery of the gold in California the Pacific coast
has been very attractive, and favorites are de-
spatched thither at the expense of the Government
and in Government vessels, to reap the golden
harvests that should be open to all equally. This
favoritism is infamous. The citizen has to get to
that distant region at his own expense, and the
best way he can; while these minions of power
receive handsome salaries, have national vessels
furnished them, and all their expenses paid, and
are thus enabled to precede the private citizen, who
is taxed to pay for this injustice to himself. I fee 1
indignant at this rascality. But it is false that these
" surveys have been carried into every State, with
one exception, on the Atlantic and Gulf of Mex-
ico.'' Men employed in this service have traveled
through parts of these States, and carried some in-
struments with them, and perhaps here and there
took an observation for the purpose of giving this
falsehood the coloring- of truth. But no surveys
have been attempted on those dangerous coasts
where vessels are really wrecked. On the con-
trary, all these expensive operations are carried
on about Cape Cod, Boston harbor, Washington
city, and other places, where good living and a
healthy climate are found, and which have been
surveyed over and over again.
But this system is only in its infancy; the
amount already expended is but the entering wedge.
As the families who monopolize this branch of the
service increase, so must these appropriations be
increased so as to provide places for their rising
progeny. We are fast building up an official aris-
tocracy. This coast survey is a part of the found-
ation on which this grand superstructure is to be
raised, and a most convenient foundation it is, for !
it can be easily enlarged' at any time to accommo- j
date the builders. Let us look a little into its ex- i
pansive capabilities; it has been in active operation
snow seventeen years. The first appropriation was
of fifty thousand dollars, but this was in the very I
beginning, when everything was to furnish, and i
every one knows it is more troublesome and ex- |
pensive to start a business than afterwards it is to >
keep it up; and in the earlier years of this coast [
survey, before it became a family affair, and the j
special object of a powerful combination, the an-
nual expense varied from twenty thousand dollars j
to thirty, forty, and fifty thousand dollars; but for j
the last five years, the increase has been steady j
and large, until now, together with the amounts it ;
usurps from other branches of the public service, j
it is near three hundred thousand dollars; and as !
in the present appropriation it is proposed to in- |
crease it twenty thousand dollars over that of last j
year, which, together with the large amounts it
covertly appropriates to itself from funds designed |
for other branches of the public service, will prob- j
ably bring it up, for the year 1849, to three hun- :
dred and fifty thousand dollars or more; for its \
concerns are so managed that it is almost impossi- ''
ble to ascertain the exact amount it absorbs. But j
we can get at it very nearly, "and the data we have \
Warrant the belief that it will cost over three hun- j
dred and fifty thousand-dollars during the current ]
year. And thus will it continue to grow, until it will j
defy all opposition, unless put down, together with |
its legitimate parent,/he West Point Academy. I
And what is the most remarkable feature in this j
phenomenon, in our republican form of govern- ;
ment, is, that as expense incieases the services j
decrease. It is possible that for the first few years,
when this system was first started, it was of some
benefit to navigation; but of late years there is
nothing of the kind; and so sensible does its su-
perintendent appear of this extraordinary fact, that
xn his report he attaches the utmost importance to
the most trifling acts of himself and his subordi-
nates, even to the manner of fastening a chain to a
buoy, as may be seen by a reference to page 33;
and, indeed, there are similar cases in almost every
page of the report. Under the present plan of
management, it will be no difficult matter to in-
crease the patronage of this department indefinitely.
When these favored family architects want to fas-
ten another of their brood to the public crib, all
they have to do is to conjecture there is some hole
in the ocean that has not been sounded, or some
rock that has not been measured, and the Govern-
ment is asked for an appropriation for the purpose,
and the young booby is intrusted with the mighty
undertaking. When he is thus fairly fastened on
Uncle Sam's purse, instead of dropping off after
one good suck, he goes on, like the wood-tick, bury-
ing himself deeper and deeper in its ample folds.
There is no end to the holes and rocks and reefs
about our coast; and if they should get a little
scarce now and then, the young hopeful may be
very profitably employed a year or so in looking
after Lot's wife on the Dead Sea, although there
are lots of wives nearer home of better material,
and who, it appears to me, could throw as much
light on the subject of navigation as Mrs. Lot,
and whose opinions could be obtained at a much
cheaper rate.
While upon this subject, I will take occasion to
remark that this coast survey was but the offspring
of one of the early and most objectionable institu-
tions of this country. The Coast Survey, the Ex-
ploring Expedition, the National Observatory, the
expedition to measure the sun's distance from the
earth—all these devices for the expenditure of the
public money had their source and origin in one
of the institutions of this country which has been
long supported at a heavy expense, and which has
always taken to itself more praise than was its just
due. I refei to the West Point Academy. In that
institution are educated the sons of members of
Congress, or, generally, sons of rich men. And
after they are educated, they are thrown upon the
country for employment, or left to themselves, to
rack their brains in order to devise the ways and
means of getting up national observatories, and
exploring and scientific expeditions, at the public
expense. And all the hundreds of thousands of
dollars that have been expended upon these objects
have been worse than thrown away. I say worse,
because they have produced no good result, and
have opened the door to unlimited extravagance
in appropriations for similar objects. Science needs'
not the aid of government; no great scientific dis-
covery has ever been made under the patronage of
any government, and never will, for the reason that
the true votaries oT science are never noticed by the
government until their great discoveries are made.
These government scientific gentlemen are appoint-
ed because of the family influence they can bring
to bear in their favor, or on account of their own
self-assurance and importunate solicitations, rather
than the possession of great ability. It does not
follow that because Doctor Franklin was a great
philosopher, all his descendants shall be distin-
guished for the same qualities. And this very in-
terference of the Government with a pursuit that
should be open alike to all, is calculated to injure
it, by discouraging those engaged in it on their
own private resources. You may lavish all the
resources of this Government upon your observa-
tories and coast surveys, and you will not make
one philosopher the more. Money cannot bribe
Nature to turn the simpleton into a Solomon.
But it is to get hold of this money, to quarter
upon the Government a swarm of those idle, worth-
less sycophants, that these appropriations are con-
tinually asked for. All these applications for this
expenditure of the public moneys come from this
quarter. We are first required to educate young
men, and then to give them all the offices of honor
and profit, to the exclusion of those enterprising
and talented youths who pay for their own educa-
tion, and who are often more capable and deserv-
ing than the pampered favorites of the Govern-
ment. This institution has already cost this nation
millions of dollars, and not more than one person
in a hundred thousand has been benefited by it;
yet these nine hundred and ninety-nine thousand
have to pay for the education and support of this
one individual, who stands an insuperable obstacle
to the promotion of the private citizen, and renders
no service in return. True it is, we are told, that
the West Point graduate is the most efficient in
war, and equally true it is, he receives the eemali*
ment with great complaisance.
In looking over this morning's "Union," I .find
an account of the presentation of the flags, st^nd-
ards, and colors, taken by our gallant army in the
j war with_ Mexico, to that institution, for safe-
| keeping, in "consideration," as the gratuitously
| generous Secretary .of War .says in authorizing
! this unmerited honor, " of the admitted fact thst
' the graduates of that institution have contributed
' in an eminent degree to our unexampled course
' of success." And thus the brave volunteers, who
did the hard fighting, and with whose bones (h/s
plains of Mexico are whitened, are to be robbed pf
the honors which their bravery and heroic devo-
tion to their country's cause won. And the jack-
daws, how do they receive the plundered plumage
of the peacock? O! we are told, with "no-little
gratification." "No littlegratification 1" "No little
gratification !" Yes, it is with " no little gratifica-
tion," these pensioned upstarts, appropriate to them-
selves the bright laurels torn from the brows of
our lamented Hamer—it is with' "no little pratjficfi-
tion" they behold the sanctity of the tomb invaded,
and the dead plundered of his haid-earned honors
to deck their own unworthy brows 1 With " no
little gratification" they behold the glorious Pal-
metto regiment pour out their chivalrous blood like
rain, and then step forward, when the battle no
longer rages, and deliberately carry away the tro-
phies'which their undaunted courage won! Worse,
far worse is this, than the thieving of the dastardly
Mexicans, who roamed over the field of battle to
strip the dead of their clothes, but sought not ,.to
tarnish nor to filch the fame of their deeds.
But not only the dead are robbed, but the living,
too, are refused the just meed of praise and in-
sulted, to bestow this "no little gratification" upon
a bloated and mercenary aristocracy. I see to my
right an honorable gentleman, [Mr. Haskell,]
and upon my left another, [Mr. Richardson,] and
| before me another, [Mr. Hall,] who "contrib-
: uted in an eminent degree to our unexampled ca-
reer of success," without ever having their courage
or th6ir patriotism vamped and varnished at West
Point; and yet they are excluded from all share of
the honors achieved in this war. The battle of
Buena Vista was fought principally by volunteers;
and such was their indomitable courage, that their
commander said, "Those volunteers don't know
when they are whipped." No, sir; they did not
know that, because it had not entered into their
calculations that they could be whipped; and they
knew there was an enemy before them, and they
had no other thought but that they were to whip
that enemy. Perhaps, if they had been educated
at West Point, they would have sought renown
by a scientific retreat—they would have carried
some old book of tactics in their pockets, and have
looked into its pages to find out when they were
whipped, and how to get out of the scrape; but
they were not acquainted with the niceties of their
profession; they hsd only learned how to give hard
knocks, and what little learning they had on this
subject they put into good practice. But they had
a stubborn foe of greatly superior numbers to con-
tend with, and they fell by hundreds on that bloody
field, and it is now consecrated ground—consecra-
ted by as noble blood as ever flowed in human
veins; but there are those who regard not the sa-
credness of the claims of the dead, and their sacri-
legious feet have ventured here; and we are now
told "it is with no little gratification" these pam-
pered minions of power, these bandbox heroes,
steal upon the grave-covered field of Buena Vista
when peace returns, and stillness reigns, and foes
are far away, and pluck from the brows of the
mouldering dead the hallowed laurels purchased at
so dear a price.
Those whose honors are thus violently wrested
from them were no mercenary soldiers; they were
men engaged in the peaceful and useful pursuits of
private life. When the call "To arms!" was
heard, they left their ploughs, their workshops,
their counters, their books and desks, and all the
avocations of private life, and obeyed the sum-
mons, all of them at heavy sacrifices of interests
and comforts, and many of them at the sacrifice of
their lives. They had not been drawing their pay,
their rations, their forage, their servants' pay aud
1 their servants' clothing, from the public treasury
for thirty or forty years, nor for one year, nor for
