1849.]
APPENDIX TO "THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
169
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Murphy.
Ho. of Re£s.
described, there is an advertisement of a stout !
negro man for sale. The fact is, the fathers of
the' Revolution did not mean to include the African i
slave within the description of those entitled to '
freedom; else they could not have been so incon-
sistent as the language of the Declaration would
imply. I do not mean to defend them in this par-
ticular or to justify slavery, but to present the fact
in reply to the suggestion that slavery existed
against their consent.
The gentleman refers to the ordinance of 1787 as
a precedent, showing the necessity of prohibition.
With due submission to his opinion, I beg to say
it is not a case in point. The territories which we
are now considering aie now free from slavery. It
is expressly prohibited there by the local law. It
was otherwise in the Northwest Territory covered
by the ordinance. That territory was considered i
as a part of the State of Virginia, and the United
States derived its title to it by the cession of Vir-
ginia. As a part then of Virginia, it was, at the
time of its cession, subject to its local laws upon
the very principle I have asserted; and as Virginia
tolerated slavery, this territory was slave territory.
In fact, slaves were at the time actually held in it,
at Kaskaskia,in Illinois. The prohibition in the or-
dinance was therefore propeily introduced to effect
the object intended by it.
I therefore repeat, that slavery could not go to
the new territories without the positive enactment
of Congress, or by the people there, acting by per-
mission of Congress. The adoption, therefore, of
the proviso prohibiting slavery is unnecessary. On
the other hand, considered as a legal proposition, j
its adoption can do no harm. Those, therefore,
who oppose it, and those who advocate it, equally
give it an importance to which it is not entitled.
The power of Congress to legislate for territo-
ries acquired since the adoption of the Constitution,
results from our right to acquire them. This prop-
osition I sought to establish on the occasion of my
former remarks. But it does not follow because
we have the right to legislate upon the question,
that we should exercise it directly. To establjsh
that power in Congress, is to deny the doctrine
which has been contended for here, that citizens
of the United States going into the new territories
have the protection of the laws of their States in
regard to their properly there. So far as is neces-
sary to reject this doctrine I go; but I maintain the
further proposition, that Congress should provide
for local legislatures in the territories by which all
questions of internal policy, including slavery in
those territories, should be determined.
There is nothing in the Constitution which de-
prives the people of the territories of the privilege
of self-government; and by the same argument
which the authors of the American Revolution con-
tended for it in the colonies, are the people of our
territories entitled to it. Certainly our colonies are
in no greater dependence upon the United States
than were the old thirteen colonies upon the Crown
of Great Britain. The American doctrine was set
forth by the Continental Congress of 1774, in the
following words:
" The inhabitants of the English Colonies in North Ameri-
ca, by the immutable laws of nature, the principles of the
English Constitution, and the several charters or compacts,
have the following rights:
" Resolved, 1. That they are entitled to life, libeity, and
properly, and they have never ceded to any sovereign power
whatevei o right to dispose of either without thpir consent.
« Resolved, 2. That our ancestors, who fir?t settled these
colonies, were, at the time of their emigration from the
mother country, entitled to all the rights, liberties, and im-
munities ot free and national born subjects, within the
realm of England.
" Resolved, 3. That by such emigration they by r.o means
forfeite3, surrendered, or lost any of these rights ; but that they
were, and their descendants now are, entitled to the exer-
cise and enjoyment of all such of them, as their local and
other circumstances enable them to exercise and enjoy.
u Resolved, 4. That the foundation of Engh&h libei ty, and
of all free government,^ aright in the people to participate
in their legislative council; and as the English colonists are
not represented, and from their local and other circum-
stances cannot he properly represented in the British Par-
liament, they are entitled to a free and exclusive power of
legislation in their several provincial legislatures, wh**re their
right of representation can alone be preserved, in all cases
op taxation and internal polity, subject only to the neg-
ative of their sovereign, in suoh manner as lias been hereto-
fore used and accustomed. But, from the necessity of the
ease, and a regard to the mutual interest of both countries,
we cheerfully consent to the operation of such acts of the
JBiitish Parliament, as are bona Jide restrained to the regula-
tion of our external commerce, for the purpose of securing i
the commercial advantages of the whole Empire to the j
mother country, and the commercial benefits of its respect- '
ive members; excluding every idea of taxation, internal or!
external, for raising a revenue on the subjects m America, '
without theirconsent." j
These resolutions affirm the principle that in all
questions of internal policy, of which slavery was
one,1 the colonies had the exclusive jurisdiction.
The same jealousy of the right of the people to
regulate all municipal matters affecting themselves
was exhibited in the different Provincial Con-
gresses, when they instructed their delegates to
vote for the Declaration of Independence. Thus,
Virginia instructed her delegates to propose to the
Continental Congress to declare the colonies inde-
pendent, provided the power of forming govern-
ment for and the regulation of the internal con-
cerns of each colony, be left to the respective
Colonial Legislatures. North Carolina, Connecti-
cut, Pennsylvania, New Hampshire, Delaware,
New Jersey, and others, did the same. If the
people of Delaware and Rhode Island, not as nu-
merous then or even now as the people of Cali-
fornia or New Mexico, were entitled to this privi-
lege, why are not the latter entitled to it at our
hands? There is no difference in principle between
the two cases, nor between the territories and the
colonies.
Our Territories are to be considered in two
points of view, and it is the confounding of ideas
in regard to them that has produced the difficulty
which surrounds this question. They are colonies
when viewed in reference to the inhabitants, and ;
domain* as regards the land. The Constitution, ■
when it confers upon Congress the power of making i
rules and regulations for the disposal of the terri-
tory and other property of the United States, refers
to them as property. It has no reference to gov-
ernment over the people. It merely creates a trust
to be discharged by the Federal Government, of
selling the lands for the common benefit. On the
other hand, the people going there possess the
same right of regulating their own internal affairs,
as did the old American colonists. The duty of
this Government is, to authorize them to exercise
it; and in all matters of external policy and foreign
interference, to regulate and protect them, and to
organize them into States whenever they shall,
under the Constitution, be entitled to admission
into the Union.
The doctrine so frequently asserted by southern
gentlemen on this floor, that the citizens of the
South have a right to take their slaves to California
and enjoy them as property, is in direct conflict
with the republican principle which I have laid
down, because they seek to force slavery upon
them, without their consent, by the laws of indi-
vidual States. Now, no State can impose her
laws upon another: why can it upon a territory?
Slaves are property only by law of the State m
which it is tolerated; just as the right of the hus-
band to convert the personal property of his wife
to his own use is the law of particular States. In
Louisiana, and I believe in California, the law is
different. A wife there holds her personal prop-
erty independently of the control of her husband.
Why, then, may not u citizen of ^ew York as
well claim property in hts wife's goods, should
they go to Louisiana or California, as for a citizen
of South Carolina to claim property in his slave
there? The truth is, both these rights are created
by the laws of the States, and, being purely local
in their character, cease to exist whenever the
jurisdiction of the local authority creating them
terminates.
In this connection I may refer to another part
of the same argument, that because this new terri-
tory has been acquired by the common treasure
and the common blood of the North and of the
South, the citizens of the South have a right to go
there with their slave property and be protected in
it, and that the exclusion of slavery destroys the
equality of the States of the Union, and gives the
North an advantage over the South, inasmuch as
northern citizens may immigrate to the territory
with their property- So far from this being so, the
converse of the proposition is true. The claim of
the South, if allowed, will produce this very in-
equality. The slave property of the southern States
has now a fixed available value which its owners
can realize there. If they wish to immigrate to
California, they can take the proceeds of this prop-
erty with them, and they can have no object in
taking their slaves with them, unless they expect
them to be enhanced in value. Such probably
would be the effect. Introducing slaves there
would increase the value of those left behind as
well as those taken. In this respect, therefore, an
advantage woukl be enjoyed by the South not
participated in by the North, and so far an in-
equality would be created against the North.
I proceed to speak of the duties of Democrats
on this question; they are plain. While there has
been a division among them in opinion in regard
to the power of Congress to legislate for the terri-
tories, there has always been a common ground
upon which they have stood in regard to legisla-
tion upon the particular subject of slavery—that
of non-interference with jt by Congress. Democ-
racy strikes both for liberty and for union. The
father of our political faith, the immortal Jefferson,
was the author of the famous provision ^prohibit-
ing slavery in the NorthwestTerritory. Though a
southern man, he participated in our northern feel-
ings in regard to that institution. He knew it to
be an evil to the people where it existed, and he
wished to see it eradicated from the land; but when
it was attempted in the Missouri question to make
it a political question by which men might be elected
to office, and the North and South arrayed against
each other, he denounced the attempt as a trick
of hypocrisy, producing geographical divisions in
order to secure the then next President. The gen-
tleman from New Hampshire calls this a change of
opinion by Mr. Jefferson. It is not so. So long
as the question was as to the best means of getting
rid of slavery, he was foremost; when it was made
a hack for political purposes, he denounced the mo-
tive. This was no inconsistency. It is the ground
which the Democrats of the North, and especially
of New York, have long occupied. We are op-
posed to slavery, as is shown by our abolition of
it; slill we have been taught by our political fathers,
and by Mr. Van Buren especially, that the ques-
tion should not be brought into Congress, even as
relates to this District, in regard to which it is our
bounden constitutional duty to legislate upon all
internal and municipal affairs. It has been the
uniform doctrineof our national conventions. That
which nominated Mr. Van Buren for President
declared, that "true republicans can never lend
1 their aid and influence in creating geographical
1 lines, and can never engage in such schemes wilh-
'out violating their principles—principles which
' tell them that they are all brothers, each left with
'a rich inheritance by their fathers, which can
• never be cancelled while they forbear to meddle
' with the local feelings and domestic relations of
' each other." To these principles Democrats have
until the last election unitedly adhered. At that
election a majority of the Democrats of New York
still adhered to them, and though my colleague
who addressed the House the other day, spoke of
the Democracy of New York as if they had gone
with Mr. Van Buren in his change of opinion on
this point, I beg to say that they have sustained—
so far as a majority may be considered as speak-
ing for the whole—the doctrine of non-interfe-
rence.
Mr. STARKWEATHER, interrupting Mr.
M., inquired, what evidence have you of the fact?
Thirty thousand Democrats did not go to the polls.
Your candidate fell below Mr. Van Buren over
six thousand votes, and was in a minority.
Mr. MURPHY. Mr. Van Burffi received fif-
teen or twenty thousand Abolition votes. Deduct
them from his whole vote, and he falls below Gen-
eral Cass. Deduct as many more Whig votes,
which Mr. Van Buren received under the Free-
soil organization, and you have him far in the
minority of the Democratic vote.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Does not the gen-
tleman know that manv Democrats in New York
city voted for General Taylor? t
Mr. MURPHY. Yes; but they were not Free-
soilers, else they would not have voted for a slave-
holder.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. On what ground,
then, did they vote for Taylor?
Mr. MURPHY. On the ground of military
distinction, and the belief that, not having been an
