1849.] .
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G1X)BE.
171
30th Cong....2d Sess.
Slavery in the Territories—Mr. Atkinson.
Ho. of Reps. *
potentates, to the toppling down of thrones and
principalities, and tends to the establishment of
equal rights, of equal privileges, and of freedom to
all. This spirit has stamped its impress upon the
age in which we live, and marked it as one of the
grand epochs of human civilization; it has gone
forth " conquering and to conquer," and in the
fulfillment of its high destiny, will not be staid in
its progress, so long as there may remain a tyrant to
be dethroned, ora serf to be ennobled. Sir, 1 have
said that the formation of the Federal Government
was the result of a compromise of conflicting inter-
ests. It was natural, therefore, that men who had
come together under the influence of their own
preconceived theories, should have felt mortifica-
tion at the result, and a distrust in the successful
operation of their work. The greatest and best
among them were alike subject to these misgiv-
ings, yet, as devoted patriots, when they saw the
indispensable necessity for a union of some sort,
and that it could be secured only upon the condi-
tions prescribed by the instrument which they had ;
adopted, they united warmly and heartily in rec- J
ommendmg it to the adoption of the American peo-
pie; am! we find such men as Alexander Hamilton, !
John Jay, and James Madison, though differing ;
widely in many of their views, zealously devoting
their combined talents to secure to it the favorable
consideration of their fellow-citizens.
One of the most serious grounds of apprehension
was as to the poweis which had been conferred
upon the new government: one class of men be-
lieving that its powers were too feeble to preserve
the system in order, or to hold together in one
union a people occupying so large a territory as
that embraced within the jurisdiction of the old
thirteen States; and that, when the population be-
came dense, it would necessarily fall by the mere
pressure of its own weight. Parties weie conse-
quently formed at an eaily period upon this ground;
and those who partook largely of this alarm sought,
by a latitudinous construction of its language, to
supply the deficiencies which they conceived to
exist. Hence a tram of measures was devised,
with the avowed object of enlarging the powers ot
the General Government—such as a funded debt,
a national bank, alien and sedition laws, an in-
crease of patronage by any means; at the same
time they made a strenuous opposition to any en-
largement of our territory. The other party ad-
vocated, and have continued to advocate up to this
day, a directly opposite policy. The Republican
party contended that the powers of the Govern-
ment were as great as it would be safe for them to
be, and that this power would continue to increase
with the increasing population and business ot the
country. They have therefore contended for a
strict construction of the Constitution, lor con-
fining the action of the Government to the specific
powers confided to it according to the true and
natural meaning of its language, and for an eco-
nomical administration of all departments of the
Government. The experience ot little more than
half a century has demonstrated the utter fallacy
of any just ground for apprenension on account of
its too limited powers. Happily tor w,s, and happily
for the world, this Government has been mainly
administered upon the principles and in accord-
ance with the views of the Republican party; and
it is beheved, that at this moment, there is not a
single measure which has been at any time adopted
or advocated by the Federal or Whig jjarty now
in operation; and there is no point ot jn
which the character of the two pat ties, the "Whigs
and Democrats," can be seen m bolder relief, or in
more striking contrast, than is to be lound in, that
fact. Within the short space of our existence, the
number of States has more than doubled; our ter-
ritory has been increased, tlirec-t'oid; while our
population -has grown from three to upwards of
twenty millions of souj§. Our commerce has ex-
tended over every sea; our manufactures are suc-
cessfully competing in foreign markets with those
of older countries; and our agricultural products
amount annually to an almost incredible sum. A
foieign war has been successfully waged upon the
enemy's soil; our arms have been crowned by a
series of victories the most brilliant on record, and
our national character abroad more respected and
% admired than at any former period, Inde'ed, sir,
so complete and so triumphant has been the suc-
cess of Democratic measures, that our nation at
this time stands as a monument of wonder and
astonishment to the Governments and people of
Europe; and while we look upon her, as she noio
appears before the eyes of the world, could we but
turn and take an imaginary view of the picture
that she would have presented under the operation
of Federal and Whig rule, disgust and mortifica-
tion would lake the places of wonder and admira-
tion, and that parly itself would stand amazed and
abashed at the haggard and gloomy portrait which
would thus be drawn.
Experience has proved, not only the truth and
wisdom of the democratic views in regard to the
powers of the General Government, but it has
brought out a latent fact which was not before
conceived. The preamble to the Constitution
clearly explains the objects which the Convention
had in view. These were, ** to form a more per-
' feet union, establish justice, insure domestic tran-
' quilht'y, provide for tiie common defence, promote
* the general welfare, and secure the bftJssings of
'liberty to ourselves and posterity." For, not-
withstanding provision was made for the admis-
sion of new States into the Union, it was not
conceived that they would be extended to the
present number, or go much beyond that of the
Old Thirteen, it never entered into the imagina-
tion of our fathers, that they were establishing a
system which might be safely carried to the whole
extent of this continent, and it may be, of the
earth itself; and, sir, by the rigid adherence to the
democratic policy of keeping the action of the
General Government within the powers to which
it has been limited, our territory may be indefi-
nitely extended without encroachments upon the
rights of any; and the manufacturers and fisher-
men of the North and East, the cotton planters of
the South, the gram and hemp raisers of the West,
and the gold diggers of California, may safely
enter into this alliance, where protection is secured
from violence fiom without by the power of the
Union, and the local mteiesis of each are left to
be defined and regulated by local legislation of
their own. Sir, it is only by a departure from
this policy that difficulties can arise and dangers
threaten. The natural tendency of every Govern-
ment is self-aggrandizement; and we find that the
Federal Government js ever making efforts to en-
croach upon rights reserved to the btates. it has
been by these encroachments and assumptions of
power over subjects not within its jurisdiction,
that the peace and happiness of our country has
ever been disturbed or broken: so lar from being
too weak, us great and daily increasing power has
become one of the most alarming features in our
system. Sir, the application of steam to the pur-
poses of intercommunication and trade—the won-
der-working influences of the electric wires in
transmuting news with lightning speed from one
part of the Union to another—the necessary en-
largement of its patronage by the increase of wealth
and population—alt tend to strengthen the arm of
this Government, and give to it an undue prepon-
derance and influence. If to these natural and
necessary sources of power, under a strict construc-
tion, be added those which would spring from the
measures of our political opponents—a funded
debt, enriching the iew at the expense of the many;
a national bank, insinuating its influence into and
regulating every bianch of industry; a high pro-
tective tariff, heavily and unjustly taxing one por-
tion of the country for the benefit of another; a
system of internal improvements, addressing itself
to the cupidity and interest of different sections as
a bribe, and thus drawing them as suppliants to
its footstool,—the power ot Mis Government would
overshadow eveiything else, and acquire a posi-
tion from which it could be displaced only by the*
indignant uprising of the people themselves. It
becomes us, then, to be more vigilant than ever,
in keeping its action within its prescribed limits,
and to repel the first manifestations ot its tendency
to encroachment and usurpation upon the rights of
the States.
Sir, the time occupied by me in giving this brief
synopsis of the theoiy of our Government, may
by some be considered a waste; but, depend on it,
sir, nothing can be lost, and much may be gained
for the benefit of religion and of politics, by a fre-
quent recurrence to fundamental principles; indeed,
1 am quite sure that a daily reading ot the Consti-
tution of the United States and the Declaration of
American Independence, would go far to preserve
the purity of our system. Intending, sir, to speak
now my valedictory to my constituents, I shall be
excused for taking a rapid view of J-he principal
measures that have agitated the public mind since
I had the honor to become a member of this House.
I first appeared as a Representative in Congress
during the administration of President Tyler, who
had -reached that exalted station, under peculiar
circumstances, which placed him in the singular
position of a President without a party to sustain
him. I had no hand in his election; but feeling
then, as 1 now do in regard to the incoming Ad-
ministration, a determination to approve and sup-
port what I believed to be right, and oppose the
wrong, I gave to the general measures of his Ad-
ministration my'earnest support.
Sir, in the campaign of 1844, the two political
parties were at issue upon four leading questions—
these were the annexation of Texas, the adjust-
ment of our title to Oregon, the repeal of the Whig
protective tariff of 1842 with its odious minimum
principle, and the reestablishmentof the Independ-
ent treasury. They were clearly and distinctly
announced in the address of the Baltimore Conven-
tion—were fully discussed—our candidates were
elected as the exponents of our feelings upon these
important questions. The contest was maintained,
with zeal and ability—the battle was fought—
Whiggery was vanquished, and Democracy tri-
umphed.
Under ordinary circumstances it would be no
common compliment to an Administration to say,
that in one term it had carried through ail the meas-
ures proposed by the party electing it; but suck a
compliment paid to those who have been in power
sinks into insignificance when the important char-
acter of the measures, the wide-spread influences
which they have exercised upon the world, and
the splendor of their success, are duly considered.
Mr. Chairman, you cannot have forgotten the
gloomy picture of misery and woe which our polit-
ical opponents drew as the certain consequences
of the adoption of our policy. When the Presi-
dent (after a dilatory and unsuccessful negotiation
upon the settlement of the Oregon question) rec-
ommended that the notice to dissolve the joint
occupation of that territory, required by the treaty,
should be given to England, the Whigs contended
that such notice would be a quasi declaration of
war, and that war with that power would be the
certain consequence.
The notice", however, was given—Oregon was
acquired, and no war succeeded. .
The annexation of Texas was consummated
under the administration of Mr. Tyler. The
Whigs, therefore, were compelled to change the
mode of their attack upon the present Administra-
tion, and affirmed that the war with Mexico was
the war of Mr. Polk, and brought on by the order
to advance our troops under General Taylor from
Corpus Christi to the banks of the Rio Giande.
It is a sufficient refutation of this charge, or rather
a sufficient proof of their insincerity in making it,
to know, that whilst they denounce the President
for this movement of the troops, they have elected
to the Chief Magistiacy of the nation the very man
upon whose recommendation it was ordered. But
the war—according to the predictions of these
patriotic citizens, the Whigs—was to be a most
disastrous one to the nation. Our farmers and
mechanics were to be dragged from their homes,
and forced into a most inhospitable climate, sub-^
jected to disease, privations, and wants of all kind.
Our armies were to be everywhere disgraced, and
our country loaded with an enormous debt. How,
I pray you, sir, have these predictions been veri-
fied? Instead of disasters, we have an unbroken
succession of victories; instead of larmers and
others being dragged from quiet homes, we have
an hundred thousand volunteers ready to rush to
the tented field; instead of an enoimous debt, we
have a debt it is true, but of an insignificant
amount eompaied with the vast resources ol the
country, and the rich and extensive territory ac-
quired. Never, never could predictions have been
more ill-timed and ill-advised—never could proph-
ets have been more false and more disgraced.
In regard to the establishment of the independent
treasury, (which is intended to separate the Gov-
ernment funds from the banking system,) and the
substitution of the present revenue tariff for the
