172
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 1,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Slavery in the Territories—Mr. Atkinson.
Ho. of Reps.
protective tariff of 1842, our opponents were
equally vociferous in predicting the most direful
consequences. The loss of our commerce, the
■overthrow of our manufactures, the prostration of
the banks by the expulsion of the precious metals,
the ruin of private credit, a diminished revenue, a
degraded treasury, and a bankrupt Government,
were the sure and certain consequences upon the
adoption of these measures. Such, sir, was the
fancy-sketch portrait by the wild imagination of
the Whig party. But what is the full-iife picture
which history presents? A largely increased com-
merce; the most flourishing state of our manufac-
tures; entire solvency of the banks where their
■management has been dictated by prudence; a
much enlarged importation of the precious metals;
private prosperity unprecedented; a largely in-
creased revenue, exceeding by millions even the
estimate of friends; an abundant treasury, and a
Government whose credit has commanded loans
of any amount, and always (even in time of war)
at a premium, and being at this day as high as
twelve or fourteen per centum. These are the
rich fruits of Democratic measures, which have
made our country erect, and rising, like some vast
Colossus standing between two seas; and while,
with one hand, she has chastened the insolence and
petulance of a neighboring power, like a kind
mother correcting the faults of a wayward child,
she was seen stretching the other across the broad
Atlantic, pouring from the horn of her plenty, as
a free-will and a free-gift offering, its rich contents
into the lap of famishing and starving Ireland.
I would, sir, that I could here close my remarks,
already extended, I fear, beyond the patience of
the committee; but duty bids me on. Sir, in the
midst of blessings so abundantly showered upon
us as a nation, one gloomy object stands as a dark
cloud in the vista before us. It seems big with
danger, and if it be not averted, by timely and ju-
dicious action on the part of the people of the
South, and by a prudent and proper forbearance
of those of the North, threatens our beautiful
fabric with violence and destruction.
The people of the various States constitute (for
certain purposes) one great family. In the con-
federacy of States, we are copartners; we ought to
work together for the general safety. Let us not
deceive one another. It were unwise, unjust,
unchristianlike, unstatesmanlike, to withhold the
truth and to dissemble when dangers threaten to
disturb our harmony. Let us be wise; let us calm
the troubled waters, and save the ship of state.
Sir, the people, in the exercise of their sovereignty,
are almost daily speaking, through their State au-
thorities, to us, and indicating their will upon the
portentous question that so much agitates this
nation. I am aware that many here regard with
seeming indifference the lively sensation that has
been produced in the South. They believe, or
affect to believe, that there is discord and division
among them which will render their preambles
and resolutions but as spiders'webs, to be broken
at every breeze; but I say, in all sincerity and
truth, to my friends in this Hall, and to their con-
stituents, Be ye not deceived. I speak, sir, not in
a spirit of threat and defiance, but in the spirit of
a brother—of one who represents, in part, a Slate
that loves the Union—and I tell you, that Viiginia,
my good old mother, has never, will never resolve,
without courage to execute. She has planted her-
self upon her rights. She has pledged her sacred
honor to resist aggression at every hazard. Virginia
"seeks not to dissolve thiis Union. We of the
South are not disunionists; we are not disorgan-
izes; we wish rather to add strength and vitality
to the Confederation. We stand upon our rights,
as the best and surest means of safety against the
base and selfish purposes of ambitious demagogues
and unscrupulous politicians.
But we of the South are constantly told that
we are assailing the North and East, and demand-
ing privileges that they cannot enjoy. This, sir,
is a false issue that they tender; and I should be
unfaithful to my constituents were I to permit
them to be hoodwinked by so thin and so deceptive
a veil. Let us, sir, view this controversy as be-
comes statesmen and patriots. Let us "nothing
extenuate, nor set down aught in malice."
As the just reward for a free outpouring of our
blood and treasure, New Mexico and California
are ours; and it is our solemn duty to provide, with
the least possible delay, and according to the plain
principles of the Constitution, for the inhabitants
regularly organized territorial governments.
In the language of the Democratic friends of
General Cass, in meeting at Marshall, in the State
of Michigan) as late as the 27th of January, we
contend " that the people of Territories are equally
capable of governing themselves, of framing their
own municipal laws, and regulating their own do-
mestic affairs, as the people of the States; that the
Genera! Government is not the creator, but merely
the creature of the sovereign States, created for
, national purposes only, and with specified and
limited powers, and that the power oi exercising
' municipal authority over the people of either States
or Territories, touching their municipal regulations
or domestic institutions, has never been ceded to
the General Government, is not a necessary incident !
thereto,and cannot therefore benghtfully exercised; j
that the ' Wilmot proviso,' so called, is one of the ;
most absurd political humbugs of the (lay, and j
has been seized upon by demagogues to distract 1
and disorganize the Democratic party, and is well
calculated, in the end, to engender bitter political
feuds, and to-array the people of one section of the
Union against those of the other, without the least
resulting benefit to the country, or those in serv-
itude." We ask not that Congress shall legislate
specially in our favor, but that you will not molest,
not cripple us, not exclude us from that rich and
vast domain which has been acquired by the blood
and treasure of all the States. We ask no exten-
sion of slavery by law, no discrimination in our
favor or against us. But we demand as a right, that
you will throw 110 shackles around us; that we
shall not be prohibited from immigrating with our
property into any of the new territories. Because
we are slaveholders, do not, for that reason, dis-
franchise us of a privilege granted to all others,
whether savage or civilized, without regard to
character or color. *
By the Constitution, Congress is authorized to
dispose of and make Mneedful rules and regulations
concerning the territory or other property of the
United States. Now,sir, it is plain and evident that
these powers are restricted to needful rules, and they
must concern the territory as property—and "other
property of the United States,1'—notthepeopleof the
Territories, but the public lands and other public
property of the United States. You may make
regulations and rules concerning the dock-yards,
the arsenals, the ships, the armament 111 the navy-
yards; but it never, I suppose, enteied into the
imagination of man, that Congress, under that
clause, could make the municipal laws to govern
' the citizens living at Old Point Comfort, and other
' places belonging to the United States, so far as to
regulate the kind of property they may possess, or
the manner in which their estates shall descend, in
ease of intestacy. It is not an express power, nor
is such necessary and proper to regulate and dis-
pose of the territory or other property belonging to
the United States. It therefore follows that Con-
gress has no power to ingraft the Wilmot proviso.
But suppose you had the power, you would not be
compelled to exercise it; and so to exercise granted
powers, as unnecessarily to injure the people of
any of the States, would be an act of gioss in-
justice, amounting to little less than unmitigated
tyranny. You should not, if you could, confine the
slaves within such narrow limits as to lnjuVe them,
and make them eventually a burden on the old
States in which they now are. Sir, if some inhab-
itant of another sphere, in looking at the valuable
and extensive possessions we have obtained from
Mexico, could see us, and hear the childish ob-
jections that are raised against an unconditional ter-
ritorial bill; if he could see us passively permitting
the people of other countries to carry off its rich
treasures, leaving anarchy and murder, and all the
crimes to which our nature is exposed, to wanton
and revel among our citizens who have immigrated
thither: what would be his exclamation of wonder
and surprise? Think you, sir, his deductions
! would he in any way creditable to our character as
wise, as prudent, as patriotic, or even as reason-
able men?
Mr. Chairman, I have no complaint to m&ke, no
unkind epithets, no anathemas to hurl against such
as vote in accordance with the will of their con-
stituents, if that will does not require them to vio-
late the Constitution. Yet I hold no man guiltless
whose every move here indicates a settled purpose
to agitate this delicate question, wtren he must
know that no necessity exists, and that no bill can
become a law with the Wilmot proviso appended
to it. I honor the Democrats of the free States,
who, upon this question, have heretofore stood by
the Constitution and the rights of the South; if,
in so doing, they have been sacrificed, they have
fallen in defence of the honor of their country; and
when reason shall rule the hour, they will find
their reward in the hearts of a grateful people.
What, let me ask in all earnestness, are the
causes which operate upon Congress in withhold-
ing a territorial government for California and
New Mexico? Does not every consideration which
should operate upon rational minds, or upon rea-
sonable beings, present themselves to prompt us to
; speedy action upon this subject? We have ac-
j quired a territory which seeing to abound in nun-
I eral wealth; and its abundance is setting the whole
world agog; people from every quarter are rushing
by thousands to acquire its treasures. Our own
people find themselves elbowed at every turn by
foreigners, who would put them aside, and appro-
priate to themselves the fruits acquired by the valor
and blood of our own brothers. The law of force
is becoming the ruling principle of action; massa-
cres and death are rife in the midst; robberies and
rapine must soon follow: yet, in the midst of all,
apathy and indifference mark our course, and you
hug to your bosoms the Wilmot proviso, though
its fangs may reach the very vitals of the body
politic.
Mr. Chairman, it has been said here, that in the
support grven by some of the slave States to Gen-
eral Taylor and Mr. Fillmore, this question has
been given.up. This, sir, is an error. In the free
States, the politicians of the Whig party asserted
boldly that General Cass was in favor of southern
institutions, and. pointed to the Baltimore platform
and the Nicholson letter. But, in the slave States,
these same gentlemen declared that the platform
and the letter of Cass were deceptive; that slave-
holders should, of right, support a slaveholder,
whether he was Whig or Democrat; that the
southern Whigs were themselves opposed to the
proviso ; that the interest of General Taylor was
in common with theirs; arid when the Democrats
asked them for his pledges, they pointed to his
slaves. Did 1 say that the people were deceived ?
Yes, sir, it is true that, in the North, the Presi-
dent elect was supported as the " Wilmot proviso"
friend—in the South, as the enemy. Indeed, sir,
the public press bears me out, when it shows that
the Hon. Caleb B. Smith, of Indiana, in a speech
at Cincinnati, Ohio, in August last, declared that
General Taylor (if elected) would not veto a bill
; containing a provision for the exclusion of slavery
1 from the Territories of New Mexico and Califor-
nia, and that the southern Whigs would sustain him
in such a course. In support of it, he said the Hon.
William Ballard Preston had so assured him,
not longer ago than two weeks. If this be so, how
can you wonder at Whig success? It is true,
sir, that I have heard of a denial, oil the part of
my colleague, [Mr. Prestos,] that he had given
! such assurance to the gentleman from Indiana,
j Indeed, I understand he has said that no conversa-
j tion between them, on that subject, had occurred.
! These gentlemen know best who is mistaken. I
' believe, sir, the Cincinnati Enquirer reported the
| speech to which I allude", and 1 apprehend it was
1 seen by each of them.
| [Here Mr. Caleb B. Smith, on leave, made an
J explanation.]
j But, sir, look, if you please, at the States of
>: North Carolina and Florida. They cast their elec-
!j toral votes for Taylor and Fillmore. Did they
; sanction the exclusion of slavery from the Terri-
j' tories? No, sir; so far from it, the Legislatures
j of those States have passed strong and spirited
i j resolutions against it.
.: The State of Florida was regarded rather as the
banner Whig State; her Assembly is composed
II chiefly of Whigs—at any rate, a large majority;
! and yet, by an unanimous vote, they have resolved,'
! "that the abolition of slavery in the District of
Columbia, involving, as it does, an exercise of
power not granted by the Constitution, and de-
signed, as it is, as a means of affecting the institu-
tion of slavery in the States, against whom it is
aimed as a blow, should be resisted on the part of
