1-74
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 19,
30th Cong 1st Sess.
Florida Resolutions—Mr. Yulee and Mr. Wesicoit.
Senate.
gore our own soil with our own blood.„ Suppose,
for a moment, we of Virginia were forced or.in-
dticed to emancipate our slaves—to render our-
selves, our wives and children, penniless—that the
companions of our bosoms, whom we of .the South
esteem the best gifts of Heaven, were thereby made
house-servants, scullions, washerwomen,and milk-
ers of our herdg; what then would become of the
Hack race among us > Think you that my blessed
mother Virginia would permit them to remain with-
in her borders ? In less than one year they would
be driven, if needful, at the point of the bayonet,
to quit her soil: whither, I pray you, would they
go ? Those sympathetic people of the free States
would slam their doors in the faces of the emanci-
pated negroes.. They would become footballs, and
be kicked from post to pillar, to seek a lodgment
or shelter wherever they could find it. Many of
the men might seek employment upon the ocean,
and in all the most dangerous, loathsome employ-
ments of life, while the females and children would
huddle in squalid huts, in the fetid cells and cellars
of your cities, and there,'like the starved brute,
die of hunger, and become a pestilence, contami-
nating the very air which they had ceased to
: spirit of the age"—" foul spots upon our
character"—" stain upon national honor"—and all
such stuff upon your lips. To such we Say, look
to your "own menials; look to the fifty thousand
females in the factories of Massachusetts—to those
young unmarried women who, in the language of
the learned Fisher, " at a time of life that ought to
' be sacred to love and courtship, to pleasure and to
* hope, to home and to society, are sent forth from
' the paiental roof to labor lor years, confined to
' an over-heated room, containing one hundred per-
' sons, each in a space of five feet square, for tlur-
' teen hours a day, under a male overseer, and not
1 permitted to receive a visit from friend or lover,
' except by the permission of the overseer or of the
- ' proprietor's housekeeper when the mill stands
' still." Go to Lowell, loosen the chains of poverty
and shame which bind the poor Yankee girl to sub-
mission to the rich man's will; weep over her as
an angel fallen from the high estate to which she
belongs by the providence of God, and Heaven
will bless you. Go to the almshouses of Massa-
chusetts and of New York, pour forth your sym-
pathy for the 28,510 in the former, and 144,000
paupers in the latter State. Go, I beseech you,
and look upon the convicts in the three peniten-
tiaries of New York—Auburn, Smg-Smg, and
Blackwell's Island—and let your tears flow like
the gushing waters from the mighty rock. Look,
J pray you, to the city of Boston; weep for the J
depravity and wickedness of the four thousand
freemen annually arraigned for crime; and then,*!'
you have any sympathy still in store, bestow it, I
beg you, upon the miserable, deluded, misguided
slaves, whom your hypocritical, whining aboli-
tionists have seduced from thfcir happy homes. But
I tell yon now, that the well-fed, well-clad, con-
tented negro of Virginia asks not your sympathy
for'him.
Sir, the action of the State Legislatures and of j
Representatives here have at length aroused the i
people of the South, and forced us to calculate the I
value of the Union. You of the Morth say you !
do not seek to interfere with our rights, but at the I
same time we see the unil-sluvertj fanatics niainiain i
their course of hostility to the South with a sin- jj
gular pertinacity. It is not confined to Massachu- ||
setts or New York, hut is rapidly moving- through- j
out the Noith and Noithwest. The New York jl
Legislature, composed of a large majority of li
Whigs, has elected to the Senate of the United P
States Ex-Governor Seward, whose past history i! thnt wh.1
shows him to be reckless and fanatical upon this ''
delicate subject.
Not content with denouncin:
manded that every barrier in the Constitution
should be broken down and violated to effect their
emancipation. With a knowledge that such had
been the course of conduct of their candidate, that
Legislature has elected him to one of the highest
and most responsible'stations in the world, which
he can never occupy without swearing to support
that bond of our union guarantying rights and
establishing principles which he would violate in
order to rob us of our slaves. The people of New
York had a right to make their own choice; but
when we remember that twelve other prominent
Whigs were before them for that high station,
how'can any man doubt but that Mr. Seward was
chosen mainly on account of his ultraism to south-
ern interests?
The recent speeches, orations, and developments
coming from this Senator elect, and his kindred
spirits, have taken the broad ground in favor of
the anti-slavery movements of the North—the
abolition of slavery, the prohibition of the slave
trade in the District of Columbia, the exclusion of
slavery from the new territories. The adoption of
such measures in the free States force us to repel
those sweeping demands. With this picture be-
fore us for years, can any frank and candid man
deny that we are on the verge of a great and alarm-
ing excitement, the end of which is not yet seen ?
But, for one, sir, representing, in part, that mother
whom I love, and to the support of whose rights
I swear eternal constancy—I tell you, I will never
submit to be a beggar for the kind and tender
mercies of a ruthless majorify. I knovf, sir, that
I speak with warmth, confessedly under a strong
excitement; but it is an honorable excitement. I
mean to speak frankly to my brettiren of each
political party, and of the States, respectively. I
tell them, that our people—not the politicians, but
the masses—mean to stand by their homes, their
property, and fire sides, come what may.
The first wish of my heart is, that this Union
may be preserved under the limitations and pro-
visions of the Constitution; but I demand that the
States shall have equal rights, so long as this co-
partnership exists. 1 say, you of the free States
have compelled us to calculate the value of this
Union. We of the Sbuth value and reverence the
act of our fathers, but we can never submit to such
aggression and insult as mast dishonor us. When
I had the honor, a few days ago, to present the
resolutions of the Legislature of my native State
upon the subject of ihe Wilmot proviso, I xvas
anxious to submit some few remarks, m the spirit
that I trust became a gentleman and a Virginian.
Rut, sir, there was one small voice heard, as if
coming from some icy chme, crying 1 object."
Sir, according to the rules of the House, that mem-
| her had the right to object, and he had the par-
; hamemary right to refuse to extend to me that
j courtesy which*, upon a like occasion, I would ex-
i tend to him. The resolutions from Virginia were
/^adopted on the 8th of March, 1847. After the
the lapse of two years, and the same cloud yet
existing in the political horizon, but of a moie
alarming aspect, her Legislature has reaffirmed
them but a few days since, as the settled, delib-
erate sentiment of the people of each political party.
An unanimity but rarely found, attests the truth
of what 1 say.
In a legislative body, composed of one hundred
and sixty-four members, fresh from their constit-
uents, where the question had been widely dis-
cussed, and public sentiment fully ascertained, but
seventeen were found recoiding their votes in the
negative. I regret, sir, that the resolutions had
not been adopted unanimously; but I am pleased to
see that among the noes, is not to be found a single
Democrat. In this is presented one striking fact,
large portion of Western Virginia
(from the nature of s
the voice of a sovereign is thus heard, you should
pause-before you further go.
Disguise it, sir, as we may, the truth is appa-
rent to every reflecting man, that the integrity of
this Union is in danger. It may he that dissolu-
tion b near at hand. If that terrible event shall
happen—if the tempest come, and the building be
destroyed—say not that we of the South have
done it. Let not the misguided agitators, the dis-
turbers of the peace and harmony of our beloved
country, lay the flattering unction to their souls,
let them charge the hellish deed, where high Heaven
will place it, upon the head of the immortal author
of the " Wilmot proviso," You of the anti-slavery
States seem to know not, or care not for, the con-
sequences of your present attitude against the
South.^ But I beseech you to pause, to think, be-
fore it is too late. We speak to you in the lan-
guage of friends and brothers—in the language of
soberness and truth. The conduct of the people
of the free States, the resolutions of their Legisla-
tures, and the movements in this Hall, indicate a
settled determination to make war upon our pecu-
liar institutions; and, with the strongest affection
for this beloved Confederacy, we can never con-
sent that it shall be "a sword to attack, but not a
shield to defend."
Every day, sir, brings to us new and additional
j evidences of the uprisings of the masses in the
southern States. They are moved by an impulse
which will never be suppressed till justice be done.
No one can doubt the loyalty of Virginia and of
her sons to the CJnion of these States. In proof, she
points you to the sacrifices she has made for the
honor and glory of our beloved country. But
there is a point where forbearance ceases to be a
virtue, and becomes cowardly, dastardly humility.
She will never tarnish her well-earned glory by
submitting to dishonorable exactions.
We regard the Wilmot proviso as poisonous as
j the far-famed Upas tree, which spreads death and
desolation all around it. Adopting the spirit of
those resolutions, that in future history will do
honor to my State, I will resist every attempt to
upon the people of this country this hateful,
fix
detestable, destructive proviso. I will oppose" all
, measures intended to evade it, and to throw the
responsibility upon those who come after us. I
will not compromise the question. I am prepared
for the issue. If it is to come, let it come: I will
meet it full in the face. I plant myself upon the
compromises of the Constitution, and upon them
alone: any point beyond is a usurpation on the
part of Congress, and a treason to the sovereignty
of the people, that, for one, 1 will oppose at every
Virginia will never sleep at her post. Her
watrhmen are on the tower. They will never cry
All s well' when the citadel is in flames, or the
torch about to be applied by the wicked incen-
diary. Her sons will be patient, calm, as circum-
stances will allow, butas unwavering and unshaken
as Mount Atlas itself.
RESOLUTIONS OF THE STATE OF FLORIDA.
REMARKS
soil, situation, and climate)
never can be adapted to slave labor; while the peo-
ritones, this Whin Abolition Senator,"' in October 'l ft,!; 'h®re r° n-0t. desire il' be«ause iri conflict with
last, and when, 1 suppose, he was canvassing foj !• of, 'f mt;rest> yet such was the patriotism
the election of General Taylor, took the pains to !i Si'vn'®, ff"1 Ulat """T0" °f ',h? State> thdt
travel to Ohio, counseling and advisine her citizens } ■ differences, and united m one com-
to enact laws for the grenter protect.of of f™8 (I *<' «he honor of ail.
slaves—laws, too, which he has been ofcli^d to i> ' 'e res°]u/lon? of Virginia contain no threat,
would be in violation of the Constitution of " ° a"Ce
the United fetates. He openly upbraided them
top their inertness in the cause of the slave, and
1     HIV VWUOV/ VI I
declared that humanity and public
sentiment de-
, no insult; but they do give a word of i
warning. They ask no favors, no mercy, but ap- i
peal to right, and the principles and compromises 1
nf the Constitution. She would" scorn to eupph- j
cat® to States, Confederacies, or to Empires. When j.
MR. YULEE AND MR. WESTCOTT,
of florida,
In the Senate of the United States,
February 19, 1849.
Mr. YULEE presented resolutions of the Legislature of
the State of Florida, declining that Congre^ pnwes.ei.no
power to prohibit slaveiy in ;wy '1\ riunry of the Cmted
: states, and that any attempt on the pait orl'oupess to abo!-
I ishslu\crj in the Di.-tpet ol Columbia should he ros-isted
' by the South, a- (to ^,;rc„e of „ „ot eonfuned. and
: m violation of Die Oor^uuuiim of the United SiatP-5.
Mi. YULEk said: 1 deem it proper to make
known to the Senate certain resolutions which
were recently passed by the General Assembly of
i' lOiida. It will be seen that they are not ad-
dressed to the Federal Congress, nor designed, I
presume, for influence here. "They contain simply
an expression of the opinions and feelings enter-
tained by the people of Florida upon the subjects
they relate to, and a declaration, to her sister
©tales tn the South, of her willingness to cooperate
with them in resisting, if they cannot avert appre-
