1849.]
APPENDIX TO- THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
175
30th Cong 1st Sess.
Florida Resolutions—Mr. Yulee and Mr. Westcott.
Senate.
hended aggressions, and her readiness to adopt
their lead and share their fortunes. Inasmuch as"
they have been transmitted by the Executive of
the State to her representatives here, and as they
will guide my course and that of my colleague,
and as I deem it to be important at this juncture
that the States of the Union should understand
each other distinctly, we propose to place a copy
of them among the files of the Senate.
There are circumstances which give to these
resolutions a marked significance. Florida is one
of the States whose vote was announced a few
days since in support of the nominees of the Whig
party for President and Vice President. It is
claimed, I believe, that she was the banner Whig
State, The Legislature which enacted them com-
prised among its members many of the leading
spirits of both parties, and contained a decided
majority in each branch of the friends of the in-
coming President. They were all fresh from the
people, and from an active canvass. They had
- just,consummated the election of a gentleman to
represent the State upon this floor, wh<5 is a mem-
ber of the Whig party. This Assembly, thus
composed, have.declared that, " knowing no party
names or political divisions" upon the subject of
the resolutions, they "are ready, heart and soul,
with a united front, to join "Virginia, the Carolines,
and other southern States," in asserting and de-
fending their common rights. In token of their
* sincerity, the resolutions containing this pledge,
were passed with a unanimous vote in each branch,
and received the prompt approval of the Execu-
tive.
The people of Florida, sir, compose a portion of
the people of the South, and are, therefore, acted
upon by similar influences and sympathies with
the rest. These proceedings, then, signify that
however reluctant representatives here may be to
take the responsibility of decided action, or to pre-
cipitate the issues now impending between the
northern and southern sections of this Union, the
people of the South, and the States of the South,
mean to asseit their due rights, and will be found,
1 at the proper time, acting together to this end,
without faltering, " heart and soul, with a united
front."
The State from which these resolutions emanate
has not long occupied a place in the Confederacy;
but her title to that place was found in her due
estimate of the value of Iibjertyand dignity of in-
dependence. To maintain these she joined the
Union; and, if necessary, she must retire from the
Union to maintain them. Her population is not
numerous, but her jurisdiction covers a large area,
possessing unusual advantages of climate, soil, and
position. In this early day of her history, the duty
devolves upon her of giving shape to the destinies
of the powerful Commonwealth which must one
day occupy her boundaries. She feels her re-
sponsibility, and will not shrink from it. She dare
not omit the duty of maintaining unimpaired the
freedom of her people; and to do this, she must
defend, at all hazards, their political equality with
the rest of the Union; for without equality, neither
the liberty of the individual nor the independence
of States can exist. The issue involves her sover- j
eignty, and this she must defend and preserve— !
happy if in doing so, the Union can be preserved, j
The resolutions, Mr. President, speak for them- j
selves; they declare the united voice of Florida; j
they deliberately assume a posture, and announce ,
a pledge, from which the State cannot recede with [
honor, and from which, therefore, I feel warranted ;
to say she will not recede. j
It remains only for me to add, that I approve i
cordially the course which my State has indicated .
for her citizens, arid shall humbly^but faithfully aid |
in giving effect to her will. j
I move now that the resolutions be read, and
printed for the information of the Senate.
The resolutions were then read, as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the State of Florida in General Assembly convened, That, as
friends of the Union, we view with most serious alarm the
course ol our northern brethren in rHation to the question
of slavery—a course which, marked by unkmdness, wione,
insult, and injury, h^ already, to a most unfortunate extent,
(-weakened the bonds which unite them ami us; which, it
persisted in, in the same spirit, can only terminate in fur-
ther alienation, and ui the inevitable dissolution of the Con-
federacy.
Resolved, That the iecentlyacquired territory having been
purelmaed by bland and treasure ©f wiuch hGr fell propor-
tion was contributed by the South, she and her sons are
entitled, equally with any other portion of the Union, to the
enjoyment ot the same; this General Assembly, therefore,
believing that Congress possesses, under the Constitution,
no power to pass s-uch a measure, adopting similar language
to that of the Legislature of Virginia, hereby declaring it as
their opinion, "that, under no circumstances, will the peo-
ple of this State be willing to recognise as binding any enact-
ment of the Federal Government which has lor its object
the prohibition of slavery in any territory south of the line
of the Missouri compromise, holding it to be the natural and
independent right of each citizen ot each and every State of
the Confederacy to leside with his properly, of whatever
description, in any territory acquired by the arms of the
United States, or yielded by treaty with any foreign Pf wer."
Resolved, That the abolition of .slavery in the District of
Columbia, involving, as it does, .in exercise of power not
granted by the Constitution, and designed, as it is, as a
means of affecting the institution of slavery in the States,
against whom it is aimed as a blow, should be resisted on the
part of the South, by whatever means are best adapted to
the protection of the Constitution, the defence of herself,
and the preservation of the Union.
Resolved, That, knowing no party names orpohtical di
visions, on questionsmvolvnig, in their settlement and eon-
sequences, the character, property, and lives of those whom
we lepresent, we are ready, heart and soul, with a united
front, to join Virginia, the Caiohim*-,and the other southern
States, in taking such measuies for the defence of our rights,
and the preservation of ourselves, and those whom we hold
dear, as the highest wisdom ot all may, whethei through a
southern convention or otherwise, suggest and devise.
Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions be transmitted
to the Governor of each ot the slave States, with a request
that they be laid before the Legislatures of such as are now
in session.
Mr. WESTCOTX. Mr. President, I trust I may
rely upon the indulgence of the Senate to'listen to
a few remarks which I deem it my duty to my
State, and to myself, to make on this occasion.
The resolutions presented by my colleague, were
adopted by the General Assembly of the State of
Florida, on the 4th of last month. Copies of them
were received by my colleague and myself about
the middle of January. It will be noticed they do
not indicate to the Governor of the State, the trans-
mission of them to the Senators and Representative
of the State m Congress. They do not contain
any instructions to the Senators, or any request to
the Representative. They are not directed to be
laid before either House of Congress. The Gov-
ernor is directed merely to transmit a copy of them
" to the Governors of each of the slave States, with the
request that they be laid before tl*e Legislatures of those
States
i presume the direction thus given, was, because
the resolutions treat of a question of local and do-
mestic policy of the slave States exclusively, with
which the non-slaveholding States have rightfully
no concern, and to avoid affording any pretext,
(in reply to those resolutions,) for what might be
offensive, and tend to increase the unkind feelings
already existing.
My colleague in this body, upon consultation
with me, has deemed it proper to submit these'
resolutions to the Senate of the Confederacy, of
which the State we represent here, although one
of its youngest members, is, under the Constitu-
tion, the equal of the eldest and proudest. We
have regarded it as due to Florida, and as due^o
her sister States, that her feelings and her determi-
nation upon this momentous question, should be
expressed here,and placed on record; and though
the terms of the resolution do not enjoin it upon
us to present them, and ask for their printing,
under the precedent of the resolutions of the New
York Legislature, made a few days since, we can-
not doubt the motion will be acceded to.
Mr. President, I am egotist enough to regard
the forbearance of the Legislature of Florida to
give any instructions to those who represent the
State in Congress, to the confidence reposed in
them by the Legislature, that on the subject re-
ferred to in those resolutions, such instructions were
unnecessary. If 1 know myself, sir, that confi-
dence is not misplaced. I may differ with some
from the South, as to the best course to be adopted
to protect and defend successfully the constitu-
tional rights uf the southern States, and of their
citizens, on this subject; but I will not yield to
any in sincerity of purpose to maintain those
rights to the last extremity. Theieisone thing
that I will not do. I will not consent to make this
a mere party question. 1 will do my utmost to
prevent it being prostituted to such degenerate
purpose. This question snail never, with my aid,
be made a football for political aspirants, here, or
elsewhere. I am rejoiced to see that the Legisla-
ture of my State, in the resolutions now laid before
the Senate, (which I learn were adopted- unani*
mously,) express the same opinion; and I ca-ti-
freely declare, that every sentiment, every word'
and letter of these resolutions, finds an echo in
my feelings, and ail approval in my deliberate
judgment.
Mr. President, in these resolutions there is no
menace. There are no words of " sound and fury
signifying nothing" to be found in them. They
are in grave but earnest language, becoming a sov
ereign State, whose free ciuaens feel that they hav§
been and are insulted and wronged by those who
seem to regard power as the only limit of right.
Sir, the first resolution declares that the people
of the Stateof Florida, " as friends of the Union,
' view, with most serious alarm, the course of our
1 northern brethren in relation to the question of
4 slavery—a course which, marked by unkindness,
' wrong, insult, and injury, has already, to a most
' unfortunate extent, weakened the bonds which
5 unite them and us; which, if persisted in, in the
' same spirit, can only terminate in further alien*
4 ation, and in the inevitable dissolution of the
' Confederacy."
Would to Heaven, Mr. President, that I could
impress my fellow-citi^gns of the other sections of
the Union with the conviction, that the sad predic-
tion there made will be verified, if the voice of in-
sult is not hushed—if the hand of aggression is not
stayed, and if sectional faction is not checked in
its selfish encroachments upon the Constitution,
and upon the equal rights of the South under that
compact.
That prediction, Mr. President, is "the inevi-
table dissolution of the confederacy."
What true American is there who can look upon
such catastrophe but with horror? There may be
those who can. I am not of that number. I have
ever held, and while I live I shall hold, that the
preservation of the Federal Union, upon the prin-
ciples which were adopted as its basis, by those
who made the constitutional compact, ought to be
the controlling dictate of the political conduct of
every good citizen. I repeat, svr, the Union and
its perpetuity, upon the principles of the Constitu-
tion, should be the polar star of every patriot. I
look to the dissolution of this Confederacy, as the
political extinction, as a respectable power among
the nations of the earth, of the people of all this
continent.
When that flag which has so often led American
freemen on land, and on sea, to victory and honor—
that flag which is now a sure protection to Ameri-
can citizens, wherever it waves throughout the
v^rld—whose stripes remind us that within a cen-
tury thirteen dependent and oppressed, but United
Colonies won their independence- as sovereign
States—whose stars remind us that seventeen other
States, their offspring, but equally- sovereign, have
since sprung into existence, and that, united,
they form the mightiest Confederacy of republican
States the world has ever beheld; when that glori-
ous flag is torn to shreds, in the terrible conflict
that must be the prelude to the dissolution of their
Union, I ask the North and East, what other ban-
ner will you adopt in its stead ? What other Con-
stitution than that signed by Washington, will
secure the dissevered sections equal freedom, equal
security, and equal prosperity, to that which all
have hitherto enjoyed, and which all could still
enjoy, if the compact of union was by all sought
to be faithfully adhered to? If the different sec-
tions of the Union become independent and sep-
arate Governments, disconnected from each other,
and holding each other as foreign^ regarding each
other as ii enemies in and, if it can be, "in
peace friends," who cannot foresee that each sec-
tion may successively become the victim of aggres-
sion by European Powers, now our jealous rivals,
and whose hostility is only restrained by the con-
sideration that* the l< United States of America"
possess the power to redress wrong, though per-
petrated by the mightiest of them, or by all com-
bined; and that indignity to the "star-spangled
banner," cannot be committed with impunity ?
And now, Mr. President, how is the dissolution
of the Union to be compassed? What are the
means of which it is to be the result? I a^ those
who seem bent on goading the South to extiemi-
ties, to pause and reflect. Can any one be so in-
fatuated as to imagine that the bonds of this Con-
federacy can be ^tactfully dissolved? No, sir-
