1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONG.RESSIONAL GLOBE.
if 7
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Slavery in the Territories—Mr. C. E. Stuart.
New Semes No. 12.
as a mere speculation, to have a statement of the
immense—yes, sir, the immense sums annually
paid for many years| under these fishing-bounty
laws.
And, sir, all the difficulties we have had with
foreign Powers, have been ehiefiy on account of
interests of the citizens of the eastern Slates. That
with France at the commencement of this century;
those with the Barbary Powers, about the same
time; the war with England of 1812; the quarrel
■with Algiers, and the difficulty with France since,
mostly originated in the efforts of this Government
to protect the commercial and navigating interests
of New England and New York and Philadelphia.
Eight-tenths of all the claims for foreign spolia-
tions are from those cities and New England.
Why, sir, I learn six-tenths of the claims on Mex-
ico are from the same quarters, and are the very
claims which the refusal by Mexico to pay was
urged by the President as a just cause of war.
The expenditures of your revenue, military,
naval, and civil, are chiefly in the Middle and
East. Look at your fortifications, navy-yards,
docks, arsenals, light-houses, and your public cus-
tom-houses, in the middle and eastern States, and
then look at those in the South. Of your local
officers, of any consequence, in number and in
amount of emolument, eight-tenths are to be found
in New England, including as far south as Penn-
sylvania. You even deny the frontier southern
' and western States the small favor of neighborhood
mails, if it occasions a few dollars of expense;
■while millions are spent for the benefit of Atlantic
cities, and to carry on intercourse between them
and foreign countries.,
I will not recur in detail to the iniquitous tariff
laws that you have, in past times, imposed upon
the South, for the protection of the manufactures
of the eastern and middle States, and by the effect
and operation of which the South were compelled
to bear the chief burden of all the taxes on imports.
With your Federal bank as an engine in former
times, and your laws respecting the currency, and
affecting exchanges, trade, and commerce m the
ten thousand ways so well understood by shrewd
commercial men, you have done more than natural
causes have, to occasion a concentration of business
in New York—make it the great monetary focus,
and render the South, and the agricultural interests
Of the country generally tributary to it. After the
explosion of the Federal bank, (and General Jack-
son was aided in his movements against the bank,
by New York, as it was then located in Philadel-
phia,) the effects I have mentioned were produced
$s much by the administration of the laws, by the
powers here, as otherwise, until that was checked,
in some degree, by the sub-treasury act, though
still the entire power of the Federal Government
is continually exercised, for the benefit of the At-
lantic cities of the eastern and middle States, to
the prejudice of the other sections. I know this
cannot always be the case. In a few years New
Orleans will outstrip even the Empire city; and if
ever Canada is annexed, the opening of the St.
Lawrence to the commerce of the Northwest and
West, will rear up another formidable rival to her
on the shores of that river.
I will not, on this occasion, recapitulate the
course of the East with respect to slavery. Some
of that course is detailed in a document recently
published in this city by southern members of
Congress, in the form of an address to the South;
but, in my judgment, much of outrage has been
omitted in that detail.
The Missouri " compromise act," as it is called,
is, in my opinion, the leading aggression; and it is
scarcely noticed in that paper, and certainly not in
. terms of becoming reprehension and denunciation.
Nor are the subsequent parodies of that outrage
called a " compromise," in my judgment, properly
condemned. The agency of some in the eastern
States, in causing the attempt to revolt by the
slaves in Charleston, South Carolina, within two
years after the Missouri agitation, and the fact that
the insurrection in Southampton, Virginia, some
ten years afterwards, was occasioned by incendi-
ary abolition publications made in Boston, and
clandesiincly circulated aTftong the slaves, and also
abolition speeches in Congress from 1819 to the
session preceding that outbreak, is entirely un-
noticed in that address. The evidence of the truth
of what I state to be fasts, is in the books on the
12
desk before me. I have -before alluded to it in
this Chamber.
-So, too* the course of the Federal Government
with respect to foreign Governments, on the sub-
ject of slavery, has not been fair or just to the
South. It has not exercised its constitutional pow-
ers, or fulfilled its constitutional duties on this
subject. It has failed to do justice to a foreign
Government, from prejudices respecting slaves and
slavery. 1 allude to the case of L'Amistad,. and'
to the refusal of this Government to meet the de-
msnds of Spain honorably. Sir, is it not noto-
rious that our refusal to do justice, has well-nigh
occasioned Spain to recall her minister home, and
put an end to all diplomatic intercourse between
the two Governments? She would have been just-
ified in so doing:. How can the miserable neglect
of the Federal Government to insist upon the ren-
dition by Great Britain of indemnity to the own-
ers of the last vessel (I believe she was called
the Enterprise) that was taken into the Bahamas
by the slaves on board of her, who had revolted
and committed murder and piracy; and were pro-
tected in those islands, be excused? How can its
unpardonable omission and neglect to insist upon
the honest fulfillmentby GreatBritain of the treaty
of 1842, and her delivery, under that treaty, of the
seven slaves who, after committing murder and
robbery in Florida, fled to Nassau, and were pro-
tected there, and v/ere refused to be given up to
the Florida marshal, be palliated? Sir, your poli-
ticians dare not do their duty. The coasts of Flor-
ida are infested by dozens of British smacks from
the Bahamas, manned, and often commanded by
the mulatto and negro emancipees of those islands,
who, lurking about our harbors, inveigle off slaves,
or excite them to disaffection. Does the Federal
Government seek to afford its aid for our protec-
tion against their incendiarism? No, sir. "When
the act of 1803 is invoked, an act passed at the
instance of citizens of North Carolina, to keep out
the brigands of St.-Domingo; we are told it does not
apply to the crews of vessels, and that they are pro-
tected by the treaty with Great Britain. Treaty or
no treaty, law or no law, the visits of these vessels
and their crews, to our waters, will be prevented.
And, sir, to all these wrqpgs, the people of my
%tate, have had superadded other causes for the
weakening of their affection for the Federal Gov-
ernment, and for the eastern sections of the Union.
In 1836 the war with the Seminole Indians broke
out in Florida. It was not caused by its citizens—
it was deprecated by us—but it was caused by the
attempt to carry out a system of policy adopted by
this Government, of removing the Indians west.
We had nothing to do with its origin. When it
broke out we were entirely defenceless and unpro-
tected. Our Territory.and its wants had been
shamefully neglected bjf Congress, and the Fed-
eral Executive for years. Florida was devastated
by the savages. A frontier of four hundred miles
was a line of smoking ru i ns. Well, sir, our State
that paper. While I concurred in the policy .of an
address, I did not sign the paper presented,'Be-
cause it did not suit my fancy, in several particu-
lars. It did not meet my views of what such a
paper should cpntam,and it contained some things
I did not like. It did not refer to the often repeated
accumulated aggressions of the East and North
upon the South, in other respects, than with refer-
ence to slavery. It did not, as I have stated, present
the infamous Missouri act in its proper character,
and as the leading wrong, and as the progenitor of
all the subsequent outrages, and it passed over the
abolition efforts from 1891 to 1835, and their effect
in producing the insurrections in Charleston and
Southampton, totally unnoticed. Sir, if a revolt of
slaves in the South should take place within a year,
the incendiaries of the East will be responsible for
the consequences. The blood that is shed will be
on their heads. And further, the address omitted
what, to prevent improper imputation, I wished to
be inserted, *to ward off "defamation in advance.
This was the unequivocal declaration of the attach-
ment of the South, to the Constitution and to the
Union, and not merely a disclaimer of intention, fcut
the denunciation as an unfounded calumny, of the
accusation, that it was seeking to disrupt the Con-
federacy. Sir, I hold we are the true champions of
the Constitution, the true defenders of the Union;
and I desired it should be declared in terms.
Again: I should have preferred, instead of the
assertion of the anticipation of the stubborn per-
sistance by the East and North in their erroneous *
courses towards the South, and. instead of the dis-
solution of the Union bei?ig put forth as the sole
means of redress fbf wrongs, the perpetration of
which could not be averted—I say I preferred an
expression, if not of confidence, at least of hope,
that there might be no necessityfor a resort to that
terrible remedy. That hope I still entertain. I
trust that all patriotism and liberality and justice is
not fled from our fellow-citizens of the northern
and eastern and middle States. Tf I could have
procured the modification of the address, as I have
suggested,'! should have been proud to have placed
my name with those of the distinguished sons of
the South who did sign it; and if it is supposed,
that from any cause, i can be recreant to my State,
or that I can waver in my allegiance to her, I am
done injustice. If my hope as to the course of thfc
East is a mistaken one, I shall obey the maodate
of Florida. It is expressed in the fourth resolu-
tion, in these words;
"" That knowing no party name?, or political divisions,on
questions involving in their settlement ati.i consfQUi-nces
the character, propeity, and lives of those whom vv>; r<-pre-
sent, we are readv, heart and soul, wifff a united front, to
join Virg:nia,'tiie Caroiinas, and tiio other southern Elates,
in taking such measurps for tfie defence of our rights awl
the preservation of ourselves, and those whom we hold
dear, as tne highest wisdom of ail may, wheihcr through a
Southern Convention or otherwise, vu-^st and devise."
I can do so cheerfully, for 1 approve of it.
IMr. President, I have seized on this occasion to
express my views, in order to avail myself of the
and its citizens have been defamed and reviled, i| advantage afTorded me by the publication of what
and denounced as having caused the war, as hav- j say in the two papers of this city, that re-
ing made it a source of peculation and profit—the |j port our debates. My constituents will be enabled
just claims of honest citizens for supplies soid your
troops—for services—for property destroyed by
your officers, and for spoliations by the enemy,
caused by your not affording the protection it was
your duty to have afforded, are refused to be paid,
on the most trifling pretences and subterfuges; and
injustice and injury thereby added to defamation
and insult. Nor is this all. The negro slaves of
white citizens, fugitives among the Indians, if cap-
tured by your army, were sent west by the Gov-
ernment, without payment to the owner, from
whom they had lied; and if retained and employed
in the service of the Government, and if they were
killed, the owner has to petition ten years m vain
for compensation; and at this very session, after a
month spent in the House in its consideration, a
claim of this* kind i* passed by a meager majority 1
of only one or two votes.
Mr. President, one reason for my making tnese
remarks is because, that I have, within a few
days past, seen in some northern papers errone-
ous caused assigned for the absence or my name,
with those of other southern Democratic members
of Congress, from the Address to which I have
adverted; and, predicated upon the statements i
: to know what my course has been and wdl be,
I and the motives for it; and the whole country can
see, and all may condemn or opprovo, as they
think light. I am entirely satisfied as to that
course, and careless of the opinion of but very few
with respect to it. I thank the Senate for its atten-
. into, and trust the resolutions will be printed, a'nd
laid on the table, as moved by my colleague.
SLAVERY I\T THE TERRITORIES.
SPEECH OF MR. C. E. STUART.
OF MICHIGAN,
Ik the House of Representatives,
February 26, 1849-
The Hon^e resolved iiseif into Coimnittow of the Wlinif
on the state of fh« Union, (Mr. Vinton in the chair,) and
rcMinird the con?ideiatiou ot the ihll to establish a Territo-
rial Government for CJpper California.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan, addressed the
committee in substance as follows:
Mr. Chairman: The bill that in" now before the.
committee, providing for a territorial government in
California, is one which, under any circumstances,
allude to, some censure3 have appeared in south- ,,  ,nfthis committee
em prints of those who withheld their names from ii would command the attention of this committee
