180
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 26,
30th Cong 2x> Sess.
California and New Mexico—-Mr. Bocock.
Ho. of Reps.
who can retain bis manners and morals midepraved by such
circumstances. And with what execration should the states-
man be loaded who, permitting one-half the citizens thus to
trance on the rights of the other, transforms those into des-
pots and these into enemies, destroys the morals of the one
sart and the amor patriot of the other ? -For if a slave can
have a country in this world, it must be any other in prefer-
ence to that in which he is born to live and labor for another ;
fn''which-he rcrnst took up the faculties of his nature; con-
tribute, as far as depends on his individual endeavors*, to the
evanishnientofthe human race, or entail hisown miserable
condition on the endless generations proceeding from him;
With the moralsofthe people, their industry al?o is destroyed:
for, in a warm climate, rioman will labor for himself who can
make another labor forliim. This Is so true, that of the.pro-
prietors of slaves a very small proportion indeed are ever
seen (o labor. An$ can the liberties of a nation be thought
secure when we have removed their only firm basis, a convic-
^ tit>r  in the min'd^ of the people that these liberties aieoftbe
Sift of.God? that they are not to be violated, but wffh his
wral!i ? Indeed. I tremble for myconntry uhen I refieet.tliat
<3nd is jost; that his justice cannot *feep forever; that, con-
sidering nnmb^rs, nature, and natural moans only, a revolu-
tion of the wheel of fortune, an exchange of situation, is
among po^ible events: that it may become probable by
FupernattiraJ interference. The Almighty has no attribute
Whioti can tal<n t^ide with tis in such a contest. But it is
impo=>iMe to be temperate and to pursue this subject through
the various considerations of policy, of morals, of history,
natural nnd civd. W<■ must be contented to hope they will
force their way into every one's mind. I think a change
•already p^reeptiblp since the origin of the present revolution.
The spirit of the master is abating, that of- the slave rising
frona the ilast; his condition mollifying; the way is, I hope",
preparing, under th.eauspices of Heaven, for a total emanci-
pation ; and thaf%iia is disposed, in the'order of events, to
be with the consent erf ihe masters rather than by their ex-
tirpation," ; '
Again: Mr. Jefferson, in a letter to Governor
Coles, of Indiana, speaking of slavery, said:
"The hour of emancipation will come; but whether it
shall he b:ou<jlit about by th«* generous energy of our own
minds, or by the bloody procp?s of St. Domingo, is a leaf in
our hisfoty not yet turned over."
General Washington, in his letter to RobertMor-
ris,says:
" I can only say, that there is nmajnan Jiving who wishes
more sine*-rplv than X do to seo a plan adopted' for the abo-
lition of it, (-slavery?) *>ut there is onlv one pioper and
t'fiecfual mode by which it can be accomplished, and that is,
I*y the legislative authority; and this, as fai as my suffrage
will go, shall not bo wanting."
Colonel Mason, ofVirginia, in the Federal Con-
vention, said:
" Slavery discourages arts and manufactures. The poor
despise labor when perftw me:! by slaves. Tiiey prevent the
emigration of whites, who really enrich and siiengthen a
country. They produce tlu most pernicious effect upon map-
new. Every master of slaves is bom a petty tyrant. They
bring the judgment of Ileavcn on a country. As nations
cannot be rewarded or punished in tUe next world, they
must he in this. By an inevitable chain of causes and effects,
Providence punishes national sins by national calamines.
He held it essential (he said} in every point of view that the
General Government should have power to prevent the in-
crease o/ --laveiy."
Have southern gentlemen forgotten what that
eloquent gentleman. [Mr. McDowell] remarked,
that it was the votes of the ulaveholding States m
the Convention which established the oidinance I
o£ 1787, and excluded slavery from tho territory j
northwest of the Ohio ? Sir, they had lived under I
the baleful influence of the institution of slavery,
and they were determined that its limits should
not he extended. I repeat to my friends from the
South, I meet them in the spirit of our fathers.
Take care of this curse, my friends, while you
can. If, in the language of the venerable gentle-
man from Virginia, you fear the institution now,
if, as you say, the day is not far distant when the
Knife in the hand of that popwlation may be ap-
phed to your throats, why extend its baleful influ-
ence to a territory more than equal to your present
slaveholding States, and which is now exempt
from the evils of this institution, thus multiolyino-
these dangers and entailing them upon future gen°
orations ? Come up, now; come up in a spirit of
compromise; como up while the power of the Union
exists; come np in the spirit of your fathers of the
Revolution; come up and strike a blow for freedom.
Mr. Chairman, 1 have but a few minutes left;
and during those few minutes I propose to call the
attention of the committee to the remarks of the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Meade.] In a
speech delivered by that gentleman not long since
upon the Pacheco-claim, he said:
'■lie was right, therefore, in saying that c-entlemon in
voting against tins billweie influenced by the fear that in on
ertyin slaves would not be regarded A property by tllen
roiistltueius. Whatever might be em,! of southern slavery
he found a slavery in this Hou„e more -ervile and reprehen-
o existed in the southern States. About
one tenth of the population of the Ninth hud enslaved «en-
tlttuen, and deprived them of the.r ...-lependence To ui■ t
by1u "2lc°wuad ' TE 0|",llonf>but vvere held In honf-
y * llUlc M*aad at lO'ne, who netd the balance ef
power between them and their political opponents. There
were honorable exceptions, he knew. "If gentlemen would
at once break those chains, and join their hands as brothers
over the altar of their common country, and unite in crush-
ing with- their heels these reptiles, who are seVking to de-
stroy this Confederacy, and to apply the knife to the throat
of the southern-master, we should never hear more of these
discussions, and they would be seen acting as men emanci-
pated from those sliaekles which bad been imposed upon
them by a fraction of heir own people."
Mr. Chairman, this is pretty strong language,
sir, to be used even under the impulse of the mo-
mentary-excitement of debate; but when it is em-
ployed by a gentleman who has coolly drawn out
and revised his speech and placed it upon record,
I feel myself bound,.as one gentleman from-the
North, to state, how I regard it. A slavery more
reprehensible than any slavery in the South! Sir,
the gentleman does not understand the subject.
He will find that we not only represent our con-
stituents properly, but he will find that we dare to
represent them, and that we dare to condemn such
language, come from what source it may; it is un-
becoming any legislator when used to a memtfer
of the same body.
The gentleman from Virginia asks, in a subse-
quent part of that speech, whether, if there should
be a southern invasion—if the southern States
should be invaded for the purpose of liberating the
slaves—the North would come to their assistance ?
I answer him, Yes, sir; and we will n'ever inquire
after the cause of the invasion. With the same spirit
in which we met you at Yorktown, we will meet
you whenever you are invaded, and we will never
lay down our arms*until every hostile foot is ex-
cluded from our country, no matter upon what
portion of that country the invasion may fall.
But, sir, there is another gentleman here—the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Brown,] who
has come in here as counsel for the South, and
has said things which southern gentlemen would*
disdain to say. He comes here and attempts to
interpret what we do. He ^ays, when a gentle-
man votes against laying a bill on the table, he
votes for that bill as it is; and without reference
to amendments. Such a parliamentary inference as
that was-never dreamed of before. 1 understand,
when a member votes to lay a bill on the table, he
does it because he is opposed to any legislation on
the subject. -If he votes against laying it on the
table, lie retains the measure, with the power to
modify it, and make it according to his owi) opin-
ions.
But the gentleman says, when these aggressions
upon, the South shall have been pushed to ex-
tremes—when civil war shall begin, he will be
found fighting for Ihe South.
Mr. Chairman, only think of that terrible day,
sir! Imagine that gentleman, seated astride the
Rocky Mountains on the line of thirty six degrees
and thirty minutes, with one foot upon the Pacific
and the other upon the Rio Grande, with his ebony
legions in serried ranks behind him, shaking his
grisly locks and shouting vengeance! And can
you doubt, sir, that the free States of the North
will bow in humble submission and capitulate
upon any terms this northern giant with southern
principles may see fit to dictate? «
That gentleman expressed a desire that his re-
marks should be bound in a volume with those'
of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Thompson,]
and go out to the country together,
Sir, he will find them, if sent to the North,
returning to him like Noah's dove to the ark, with-
out a single resting-place; for, sir, the deep and
pure waters of freedom cover the face of that land.
I have thus, Mr. Chairman, briefly, very briefly,
given my views on this subject. I am obliged to
the committee for the attention with which they
have heard me, and will detain them no longer.
UAMFOHNIA AND NEW MEXICO.
REMARKS OF MR. TH. S. .BOCOCK,
OF VIRGINIA, ' '
In the House op Representatives,
February 26, 1849,
In Committee of the Whole, on the bill to establish
a government in California, j
- Mr. BOCOCK said; , I
Mr. Chairman: I avail myself of this oppor-
tunity to express a few views in relation to the
various propositions which are proposed for our
consideration, having in view the establishment of
governments in our newly-acquired territories.
As I have heretofore refrained from speaking this
session, because I did not choose to interrupt the
progress of business without strong occasion, so
now my interruption shall be as limited as the
occasion which produces it will allow. The bills
reported, by the Committee on Territories for es-
tablishing territorial governments in California and
New Mexico, being encumbered with what is
called the "Wilmot proviso," can, under no cir-
cumstances, obtain my support in their present
form. ^Strike out- that feature, and I will vote for
them with great pleasure. The substitute offered
by my colleague [Mr. Preston] I have considered
with a sincere desire to come to a favorable con-
clusion in relation to it.' It was advocated by him
with considerable zeal and ability; it has beer*
sustained by a respected colleague on this side
of the House [Mr. McDowell] with surpassing-
eloquence. It has been hailed by a portion of tlie
press in my own region as the harbinger of peace.
I could not, therefore, feel otherwise than sincerely
desirous of bringing my mind to view it with
favor. I have not, however, been .altogether suc-
cessful in doing so. There may not be any con-
stitutional difficulties in the way, but there are
other difficulties of scarcely inferior weight.
This substitute proposes to authorize one State
to be formed out of all California and New Mex-
ico—a tract of cou ntry greater in extent than all
the present slave States of this Union; it proposes
to unite in one State two large regions, which
are connected neither geographically nor commer-
cially.
Between New Mexico and the inhabited parts
of California a "howling wilderness" intervenes,
about seven hundred miles in extent, across which
there is seen no footprint, save that of the wan-
dering savage or the homeless emigrant from the
States. There is between the two regions no
trade, no intercourse. California has, or shortly
will have, commerce with Asia, Europe, the Sand-
wich Islands, South America, Mexico itself; but
not New Mexico. Let them be formed into one
State, and the delegates from one region or the
other will have to pass the trackless wild above
alluded to, to reach the seat of Government.
Having met in one Legislature, what will they do?
What common subject of legislation will present
itself? What common interest will ask attention?
What community of feeling and sympathy will
exist? Will one and the sam^udieial and muni-
cipal and revenue system do for both? Bearing-
the burdens of taxation equally, will the two re-
gions have common objects to which their reve-
nues may be applied? Will the inhabitants of the
two constitute, in any proper sense, one political
community? No more than the people of Mme-
sota and the people of California.
The union is unnatural, inconvenient,and unjust
to the citizens of the country. It would produce
dissatisfaction and trouble. Not only this, but
other objections present themselves.
The people of New Mexieo certainly, if not also
the inhabitants of California, are unprepared to
take position as the citizens of a sovereign State in
the Confederacy. It would be premature to make-
them so. To be citizens of a State, they must be
prepared for self-government—they must under-
stand and be ready to carry on a free, representa-
tive, republican system. Are they in that condi-
tion, or likely to become so in a few months? I
find the condition of the inhabitants of New Mex-
^ ico described by two distinguished gentlemen—
I one a member of this House, and the other a mem- -
pberof the Senate—both of whom possessed the
J talent and the information to do iustice to the sub-
1 ject.
In a speech delivered in the Senate of the United
States, on the twenty-third day of March last, Mr.
Webster, speaking of New Mexico, said:
"The people are far less elevated in mind and condition
than the people of the WamKvieh Islands—fur less worihy
ot our association—far le>s fit arc they to send their Sena-
tors heie than the inhabitants of the Sandwich Islands—far
ess worthy than the better elates of Indians in our neigh-
borhood. They have no notion of our institutions, or of
I any free institutions. They any notion of popular gnvein-
| ment! Why, not the slightest—not the slightest on earth,
j And the (jue.siioii is asked, what will be their constitution?
I It is farcical to talk of such a people making a uoaslitution.
S They do not know the meaning of tba term."
