1849.],
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
30th Cong 2b Sess.
California and, New Mexico—Mr, Bocock.
Ho. of Reps.
Ruxton, an intelligent English traveler, whose
authority Mr. Webster introduces, says of them:
"In their social state, but one degree removed from thf
veriest savages, they might take lessons even from these m
morality and the conventional decencies of life."
To the same effect is the testimony borne on this
subject by the honorable Truman Smith, of Con-
necticut. In a carefully and elaborately prepared
speech delivered in this House on the second day
*>f March, 1848, he says of the inhabitants of New
Mexico:
" I (to not he>itate to say, that a more degraded, ignorant,
brutal, oi- vicious people does not nxist on the face of the
earth." ' jj
He shows, too, that from the nature of the ij
country and its locality, the character of the people j
will be slow to change. They are of three classes: i
those of Spanish descent, those of Indian, and a
mixture of the two.
And yet these people will constitute two-thirds
of the citizens of my colleague's proposed State.
The inhabitants of California, made up of every
nation on earth, many of them recently subjects of i
monarchical governments, will constitute the other ;
third. To-'such men he proposes forthwith to j
confide the delicate trust of self-government. To 1
such men he proposes to commit the destiny of a
country in which the States of this Union have so
great an interest. It is premature—\t is contrary
to all precedent—it is unsafe. But, sir, great as
are these objections, there is another to my mind
equally as great. We of the South have con-
tended, and upon the strongest reasoning, that the
territories acquired by the joint blood and joint
treasure of the whole Union become the common
property of the people of the several States, and
that the Congress of the United States was merely ,
the agent or trustee, with limited authority, having !
no right so to execute its trust as to impair the ;
equality of the States.
We have held, that whenever there should be a
people occupying any portion of this territory,
prepared for self-government by numbers, intelli-
gence, &c., such a people may, with the consent
of Congress, form themselves into a State; and
'thus acquire the sovereign authority within their
own limits, and consequently the right to control
the municipal regulations of the country. To that
■sovereignty we cheerfully accord the right to say
whether there shall be slaves there or not. But
all this must be done in good faith; there must be
a people prepared to receive enfranchisement, to
manage the affairs of the State, and to judge intel-
ligently of its municipal regulations. Congress
may surrender its trust to such a people, but- to no
other. It could not rightfully coftsent that a tribe
of savages inhabiting this territory should form
a State, and acquire the rights referred to. No
■man could so contend. It is clear, then, that Con-
gress would violate its duty, and commit a breach
of trust, if it should consent that a people not duly
prepared for self-governixient, as I have shown is the
case with the New Mexicans, should form them-
selves into a State, and thus acquire the riffht of
deciding for or against our institutions. I will
now show that this breach of trust on the part of
Congress, would operate to exclude our institu-
tions from all that country, and that the bill of my
colleague is a surrender of that question a sui-
render upon terms, it is true, but still a sunender.
Under this bill, who would constitute the new
. State which would decide the question? The in-
habitants of California and New Mexico together.
" They are in number about one hundred and forty
thousand; and at the time limited for the formation
of the.State, would not be more than one hundred
•and seventy-five thousand. Of these, one hundred
thousand are New Mexicans, and the rest would-
be inhabitants of California. v The people of New
Mexico are represented, on all hands, as having
prejudices against the institution of African sla-
very. They recently held a convention, and m a
petition presented to the Senate of the United
States, say: " We do not desire to have domestic
' slavery within our borders; and until the time
' shall arrive for our admission into the Union as
'a State, we desire to be protected by Congress
' against their introduction among us.' As tnere
is very little emigration from the States into New
Mexico, this prejudice is not likely to be at once
removed. I speak of it as a prejudice, because the
character ascribed to the people of that country
forbids the idea of their forming an intelligent opin-
ion at this time.
Well, then, if all California, with its probable
seventy-five thousand inhabitants, should vote in
favor of having slave/y, New Mexico, with its
one hundred thousand would overrule it. But how
is it with California herself? Of the seventy-five
thousand people, which she may be expected to
have at that time, twenty thousand are natives,
with the character and prejudices of the New Mex-
icans. Of the other fifty' thousand, a large num-
ber would be Europeans, South Americans, and
Sandwich Islanders; leaving not more than twenty-
five or thirty thousand to he emigrants from the
United States; and it is well known that the non-
alaveholdingStates have had greatly the advantage
thus far in this emigration.
Against us would stand nearly all New Mexico,
the native population of California, and the greater
part of the emigration from foreign countries and
from the non-slaveholding States of our own eoun- j
try. 1 do not speak too strongly, then, when I ;
say', that to allow the immediate formation of one j
State out of New Mexico and California, would j
be a certain surrender of this question in the whole
country. So it is looked upon by its leading ad- j
vocate in the Senate, though a southern man. In |
a speech delivered in that body on the 21st instant, I
Mr. Bell, of Tennessee, said:
"The probability that it tftose Territories are admitted
into the Union forthwith, they will at an eaily day present
themselves in the form of free States. I ask my northern
friends to attend to that fact. 1 act upon the presumption
that they will corac in as free States. If it is voted now, it
is a free State."
Here is a surrender to which the attention of
the victors is particularly invited. But, sir, if I
do not greatly misunderstand the import of lan-
guage, my colleague, who introduced the bill, re-
gards it a surrender. In his speech, made upon
its first presentation, he says:
"Again: gentlemen ot ihe North, will you insist that the
Wilmot proviso shall pass nolcm vdlens ? Why, your orators
demonstrate, day after day, that there can he no slavery there.
A gentleman tlie other day demonstrated to niy satisfaction,
that the people who were theie when we took the country
do not desne tlie institution ; and lie demonstrated further,
that those who are going tlieie do not desire it. He showed
to you, and it may be true, (I make the passing remark,) that
ill this effort—tins career to reduce the country to our pos-
session, the North had the advantage over us; that those in
favor of free institutions -had the advantage over us, which
no power couid check. Look, for a moment, at Viiginia and
the South it" the slav, holder wants to emigiate, and take
the slaves with him, it is a work of time. His business affairs
must be arranged; he is a man of substance andpropeuy;
be has to collect last year's hire; he has to collect the pro-
ceeds of the sale of his faim ; and that is not the work ot a
moment. But tins is not the case with those emigrating from
the North. Why, then, do gentlemen say we will have the
Wihnot proviso, nolens volensl I say this to gentlemen ot
the North: if you want this thing, leave it to a great prin-
ciple. "
Now, I ask of any candid man, does not this
mean, You of the North have the advantage at
present, and if you will take it in my way, you
may have the country? Certainly, I do so under-
stand it, and so understanding it, I consider it a
just explanation of the effect of this bill. It sur-
renders the question. Well, sir, I am not ready
for that. Such is not the spirit of my people. I
will not overleap precedent, and violate great rules
of reason and of right, in order to make a graceful
surrender. If many leading: men of both parties
have declared the opinion that slavery can never
go there, less reason exists, therefore, that we
should take such extraordmaiy means to keep it,
out. But I do not see anything in the nature of
the climate, and soil, and productions of much of
California to forbid slavery. However that may
be, all we ask for is a fair chance. " If the people,
when in regular course they have become ready
to form a State or States, shall deliberately decide
against the institution of domestic slavery, we are
, perfectly satisfied. Give them time to become
I trained to republican government, to learn the du-
ties of free citizens, to understand the nature and
i merits of out" institutions. Give to the citizcns of
the South the opportunity, in the mean time, to
meet the citizens of the North in argument and
influence before them. Give this, and then, what-
ever may be the result, we are satisfied.
It is said, that if we do not pass this bill, the
Wilmot proviso will be forced upon us. Well,
sir, 1 have not learned that in order to avoid insult
we must submit to injury. 1 stand to the rights
of my constituents, and leave to others the respon-
sibility of any course they may think proper to
pursue. ' ' . ,
I shall probably be accused of ultraism, and a
desire to produce excitement. Already we who
participated in a recent move here, are character^
ized as agitators. But the charge is untrue'. In
relation to that move I have no explanation to
make, no apology to offer. When the rights of
my constituents are involved, I am ready, at all
times, to consult with the friends of those rights,
by night and. by day, and if they advise nothing
imprudent or improper, I shall be ready to coop-
erate with them. I challenge an investigation of.
the proceedings of the southern meeting. If it b§
said that it was a sectional move, the answer will
be, The evil was a sectional one; the constituency
aggrieved were those of a section; and no member
or members can ever address his or their constit-
uents, without making a? sectional move in this
respect.
If it be charged that it was extraordinary, I
answer in the language of the distinguished John
Pym, when defending the bold measures of the
English Commons, in sixteen hundred and forty-
| two, before the House of Lords: " The mischiefs
' have been expressed with more danger and vio-
' lence than for many ages befoie, and therefore
' your Lordships will not wond<£ that there be
' something extraordinary in the cure."
That it was not premature, I appeal to the his-
tory of this session and the current of events before
us to prove. If measures of prevention are to be
taken, now is the accepted time. When the mis-
chief is consummated, it will be too late for any-
thing but redress; and Heaven forever atffcrt that
necessity.
Str, it has been said thft it was an attack in ad-
vance on General Taylor's administration. Cer-
tainly, that charge will not apply to some of us on
thia floor. During the last session a proposition
was made in the Senate, and there carried, to settle
this question by an extension of the Missouri com-
promise line. It was brought to this House, and
heie promptly rejected. That looked portentous.
It created much feeling among southern members.
At that time a paper was brought to me, calling a
meeting of the southern members. It was headed
by the gallant Whig member from Alabama [Gov-
ernorGAVLE] and signed also by my colleague from
the Petersbutg district.
The Presidential election had not been held. U
was undecided on which standard victory would
perch. Without looking at those considerations,
I promptly signed the call. The same feelingwhieh
actuated me then^did so on this occasion. Let those
whose every act springs from party considerations
make the charge—I am guiltless of it. It is too
much to be feared thatthere were those who looked
to party,'as they ever do, and feared to strike for
their constituents, lest they might injure party. I
leave it to their own consciences and to the enlight-
ened minds of the public to say who they were.
But, sir, in relation to this move, the cry of secret
conclave, midnight conspiracy, and Hartford Con-
vention, has been raised upon this floor by north-
ern men. Do they mean to excite against us pre-
judices the danger.of which they themselves had
not the nerve to meet? These are words without
applicability. The Hartford Convention was an
assemblage, the object of which was to bring about
a dissolution of the Union. The Southern Conven-
tion, as it is called,-was an assemblage met together
with the sole view, if possible, to save the Union.
If its proceeding? weie held at night, with closed
II doors, every member was authorized, during the
sittings, to divulge them; and, when the business
was concluded, the journal was madeout and sub-
mitted to the view of' the public. Everything there
done has been brought out in the face of day, and
the most scrutinizing gaze of the public has been
challenged.
What act of that meeting was wrong? leil me
that, or withhold accusations. You cannot cover
your defection at a critical moment by your false
clamor against us. You have mistaken the signs
of the times. Like inexperienced boys; yon have
gone out to your fairweather sports, to^uy your
kites, and to raise your balloons, when the storm
was bursting in the air. Sir, the people of the South,
are not iu a temper to be amused by clap-trap? and
idle catchwords. They are in a graver, sterner
mood. There is a spirit among them that cannot
