Mar
■JbCRW
APPENDIX'TO' THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 80,
30th Cong 2i> Sess.
Ocean Mail Steamers—Mr. Strong.
Ho. or Reps..
thus "be allayed. See the resolves of (heir Slate
legislatures. See the proceedings of the thousands"
of popular meetings sustaining the legislatures, and
, tell me if there bc not deep feeling in the southern
masses, which you will in vain strive to compose
■with mimic arts; The idle juggler in the streets of
ancient Pompeii might amuse with his tricks a
• gaping multitude, but he could not still the qua-
iaigs of the earth which foretold the coming catas-
trophe. He could riot quench those fires which
burnt deep in the bosom of the mountain, ready to
break, forth in terror and wonder. Gentlemen by
their cant words may please themselves, may
amuse the House, but they cannot turn from their
purpose or mislead the people. I know there are
those who ridicule all demonstrations of feeling; on
this subject either on this floor of in the legislatures
and popular meetings of the South. Such men are
deeply; I fear fatally mistaken. The division here
among southern representatives has produced but
little corresponding division at home. The popu-
lar masses are beginning to be of one mind, and
the force of sentiment with them is already drag-
ging along those who, for party purposes, have
been disposed to hang back. Gentlemen of the
Worth need not be surprised at this. This slavery
question, which to them is one-of far-off specula-
. live philanthropy, comes home to our firesides and
our hearths. It is to us a deeply practical ques-
tion. .But, sir, we are not agitators, we are sin-
cerely desirous pf a fair and satisfactory settlement
of this question. In this spirit I have voted for
every proposition of compromise which has thus
far been put to the vote of the House. I went for
the extension to the Pacific of the Missouri com-
promise line last session.
Our forefathers, with that spirit of patriotism
which characterized all their acts, agreed to adopt
it as a settlement of a similar difficulty. Virginia
had expressed a willingness to abide by it still, in
hope that it might be made the basis of a perma-
nent adjustmentof the question;and her Represent-
atives on this floor were willing to carry out her
views. It was a great sacrifice on pur part, but on
the altar of the Union we were willing to make it.
A northern majority rejected that peace-offering.
Another compromise proposition came to us from
the Senate, urtder the most imposing circumstan-
ces.- Got up in that body by a committee selected
with the greatest care; sustained in that body, after
full discussion, by a vote of nearly two-thirds, it
appeared to present a platform on which all' the
friends of compromise might willingly unite. It
remitted the parries to their rights respectively,
under the Constitution, and under the common law
of all nations, and le/t the adjudication of those
rights to a tribunal which in this case is as nearly
impartial as any which could be devised. Have
we a right, under the Constitution, and under the
common law of all nations, to carry our slave prop-
erty to these territories? This is the question, in
my estimation, upon which the whole controversy
hangs.- That it should be decided in our favor, I
have the utmost confidence; and I was willing,
under the circumstances, to trust it to the decision
"f'k® Supreme Court. The judicial compromise
bill, as it was called, I consider,.upon reflection and
mature consideration, one of the happiest schemes
ever yet devised for the settlement of this most un-
lucky controversy. It pleased gentlemen on this
floor, without attempting to improve or perfect th is
bill, to lay tt on the table. They may have thoueht
that the convenient season had not arrived. The
question may not, then, in their opinion, have sub-
served all the party purposes of which it was capa-
ble. The Presidential contest was approaching,
in which they may have desired to use it as agrand
" dodging ground." But, sir, they should have re-
membered that events in dark current were rushm"
on, and this dread controversy waxing waraiewnd
warmer. What could be done then, cannot, I fear,
be done now. The question has served their pur-
pose; but they cannot now recall to life that beau-
tiful creation. I fear they have no "Promethean j
heat which can its light relume." I
All these compromise propositions I have'sus-
tained, and*am willing yet to sustain. Cut, sir, I
wid go for nothing which surrenders the rights of
my constituents. I will go for no compromise,
where the sacrifice is altogether on our side. That
teretCmLt6 ^ ^ ^ Which haVe
When the necessities of our western commerce
pointed to the acquisition of the Louisiana territo-
ry, that acquisition was called for by the northern
as well as the southern States of the Union. Upon
thetreatv by which it was .made being submitted
to-the Senate, eleven Senators from the North
voted for its ratification, and five against it I
mention tliis fact to show with what truth it has
been asserted on this floor that it was a triumph
of the slave power in this Government. The
Louisiana territory came in, however, with laws
allowing the institution of slavery. But, sir, the
North did not acquiesce in its retaining that con-
dition. At the admission of Missouri, a difficulty
was created on this subject by them, which seri-
ously threatened the existence of the Union. Th%
re^ultwns, that a compromise was made, by which
the North got of t'his territory all lying noith of
the latitude 36° 30' except the State of Missouri.
In this arrangement she got of our territory about
970,000 square miles, and we retained about
380,000. _
This was a compromise which satisfied .her very
well at that time. Since then she has taken the
whole of Oregon, containing about 341,000 square
miles; and all of Texas north of 36° 30'. We
have received Florida, containing 59,000, square
miles, and the remainder of Texas, containing
about 300,000 square miles. The account thus far
is, for the North. ],3fl,000 square miles, from
which our slave property is totally excluded; and
for the South 739,000 square miles, subject to the
right of northern citizens to enjoy it with ail their
property, and on equal terms with ourselves. She
has hers all to herself, free from our immigration
with our property, and is joint tenant with us in
ours. But now, not satisfied even with such com-
promises as these, she comes boldly out and claims
everything; all of California, all of New Mexico,
the District of Columbia—everything. For our-
selves, she grudgingly grants the enjoyment of our
property in our present limits. She would fain
have us "so abject, mean, and vile, as to beg our
brother worm of dust to give us leave to toil.'*
Sir, I am tired of such compromises and such ex-
actions; my State is opposed to them; and if 1 do
not like this bill of my colleague, it is because
such, in my estimation, is its character. The bill
pending in the Senate, and introduced by the dis-
tinguished Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,]
though not free from similar objections, is deci-
dedly preferable, and that would be less objection-
able a year hence than now, because the people of
California would then he more ripe for self-govern-
ment than now. In the mean time, if wecannot
agree upon a territorial bill, in the name of peace
let us pass something like the proposition intro-
duced by the Senator from Wisconsin. It is the
best temporary arrangement that can be made. It
extends over our Territories our land laws, our
revenue law, our Indian laws, and leaves the pres-
ervation of order to the President of the nation.
Cannot gentlemen, of the North agree to take
this, and forego their agitation? If this question
is ever settled, a different spirit must be manifested,
on their part, from that which has exhibited itself
this winter. Sir, I have witnessed that spirit with
dark forebodings. I have heard its outpourings
with deep regret. I will not recount the acts of
the session"; but, sir, have we not heard, again and
again, that slavery is a moral evil, and that gentle-
men would not permit it to be extended a thou-
sandth part of an inch, to save the universe from
dissolution. What monstrous impudence! Aim-
ing a thrust, as it does, at the best and wisest and
purest who ever lived upon earth, and with a wild
blasphemy impeaching the wisdom of Heaven it-
self, iye could not be expected to listen to it with-
out stern indignation. But, sir, when it comes, j
as it sometimes does, from men whose fathers, if
not themselves, shuffled off their slaves upon the '
people of the South, and made a profitable traffic,*!
it mingles with our other emotions a feeling of 1
contempt and derision. It raises before my mind I
the picture of the daughters of Lot, twitching their I
old father by the beard, and reproaching him with |l
a drunkenness into which they themselves had se- lj
duced him, with si view to accomplish their far ll
sels of so humble an individual as myself, I would
advise that they desist forthwith and forever. Such
a course is neither fraternal nor patriotic. It is
hostile to peace; it is hostile to that spirit of con-
cession by which this difficulty is to be adjusted,
if ever it shall be. We must all learn to bring to
the-consideration of this subject calm and concil-
iatory minds, and " out of pure hearts, fervently,"
we must strive for its settlement.
OCEAN MAIL STEAMEES.
SPEECH OF MR. W. STRONG,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House or Representatives,
January 30,1849.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, (Mr. J. It. Ingersoli, in the chair.) on the Bil3
making Appropriations for the Naval Service for the year
ending June 30, 1849—
Mr. STRONG said:
Mr. Chairman: I have not risen for the purpose
of adverting at all to the subject which has occu-
pied the attention of the gentleman [Ms Brown}
who has just taken his seat. I propose to avail
myself of some other occasion, more suitable than
the present, to be heard upon that subject, (sla-
very.) I entertain some views of- it which have
influenced my conduct, and which I desire to pre-
sent to the House before I shall he called upon to
take any step which may be productive of practi-
cal results. My present intention is to speak of the
bill before the Committee, or, more properly, of the
policy of one of the appropriations which it con- -
tains. I refer to that section which appropriates
eight hundred and seventy-four thousand six hun-
dred dollars for the transportation of the United
States mail between New York and Liverpool, New
York and New-Oileans, Havana and Chagres, and
between Panama and some point in the Territory
of Oregon. This subject—the policy of making ap-
propriations for the establishment and support of
these lines of ocean steamers—was pressed upon
the attention of the House at the last session of
Congress, in an elaborate report by the chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs. It will be
recollected that the bill, or joint resolution, accom-
panying that report, was made the special order of
the day, and sustained by the honorable gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. King] in- an able and eloquent
speech. At that time, sir, Tstrove for an oppor-
tunity to reply to some of the views Expressed by
that gentleman; but I strove in.vain. Subsequently,
on one of the general appropriation bills, in which
there was a clause ratifying the contract for the
transportation of the mails from Charleston to
Hayana, I endeavored again to obtain the floor for
the purpose of expressing my opinions in relation
to these contracts; but I was again unsuccessful.
Haying at length succeeded m obtaining an oppor-
tunity, I desire to examine at some length the
whole policy, and see whether it is worthy of that
favor which it has received at the hands of this
Congress and of that which preceded it.
This ocean mail steampacket communication is
a novel thing. It is new to the world, and, if I
am not mistaken, it is less than three years since
it has found a place in our legislation. Yet, with
all its novelty, so fascinating has it proved, that it
has found many and able advocates, who have
succeeded in leading this House and the Senate to
the adoption of measures which, if persisted in,
must, in my opinion, produce the largest results
of evil. Congress has entered upon a course of
legislation, and embarked in a system of expendi-
tures, which, if not arrested, threaten to embar-
rass our treasury, and to sacrifice many interests
which are near and dear to our people. While we
have thoughtlessly regarded the policy as worthy
of Ijttle attention, and overlooked the consequences
which it is calculated to produce, it has already
abstracted from our treasury a sum, of which, I
am persuaded, neither this House nor the country
is aware. It has been a policy adopted without
discussion, and pursued without examination.
Though yet in its infancy, it has begun where
nm,
Sr'f'land ah°minab!e PurP°ses; In s«ch I; Other ^enterprises have ended." Itiaonlf two years
attitude do these northern gentlemen dace th^m- n nnri a Uair « * * i t
qplvpq hir thpJr iii;hpi.ni p ' and a half since the first steP was taken. It was -
Gainstw Sir if tZt wnin f , reproaches j not until the lOttfof May, 1846, that the earliest
^ > y would listen to the coun- II definitive measures were adopted in this House}
