'■1M
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jsn. 30,
30th Cong.....2d Sess.
Ocean Mail Steamers—Mr. Strong.
Ho. of-Reps.
freight and trade, some of them haying a tonnage
,pf nearly three thousand tons—far two large for
efficiency in the defence of the coast. Steamers,
to accomplish'touch, mast depend upon celerity of
movement,, and be able to escape from pursuit into
almost any harbor inlet. Such are not those already
constructed. I see in. the public prints a statement
that the steamers recently launched for the New
York and Liverpool line measure two thousand
eight hundred tons. There are very few harbors
upon our whole coast into which they could enter.
Their adaptedness t'o the purposes of commerce,
to the carrying trade for which they are primarily
intended, is inconsistent with their efficiency as
"vessels of war. ' .
But, sir, saying nothing more of its inefficiency,
I-.protest against this mode of creating a steam
marine, as the most expensive that could be adopt-
ed. To put afloat the five lines already authorized,
we have contracted to pay the sum of one million
three hundred and twenty-nine thousand six hun-
dred dollars annually, a sum nearly sufficient to
build three war steamers. These contracts are to
. continue in force for ten years, and, of course, the
amount thus appropriated is thirteen millions two
hundred and ninety-six thousand dollars. If, in-
stead of pursuing the policy thus adopted, we had
devoted asimilarsum to the construction of vessels
suited' to the wants of the Government, and adapt-
ed to the purposes for which they were intended,
at the expiration of ten years we siiould be the ab-
solute owners of thirty war steamers, fitted for all
•the objects for which such steamers are desirable.
Yet more: if we are to adhere to this system; if the
contracts already made are to be indefinitely con-
tinued; if these appropriations are to be permanent,
(and who doubts that they will be, for "revocare gra-
dual, hoc opus, hie labor est,") though no other such
contracts be made,—we have already in vested a sum
exceeding twenty-two millions of dollars. And
for what? For war steamers? No, sir, for not
even the shadow of moonshine. We obtain not
one war steamer for all this expenditure. We ac-
quire simply the right to take fifteen steamers at a
valuation, paying'for them their full value—aright
Wready ours by virtue of our sovereignty, arid
which is in no iota enlarged by all these contracts.
Truly, sir, this is a magnificent scheme of econo-
my, suited to the republican simplicity, of the age
in which we live ! And yet we are urged by the
.Committee on Naval Affairs to pursue this policy
so auspiciously commenced, to establish several
other lines, makrf other contracts, and purchase at
similar cost similar nothings.
It is no answer to all this to refer to the expense
of maintaining vessgls' of war in commission.
These steamships are not in commission, they are
not maintained as vessels of war. Nor while in
the hands of the private contractor, and employed
in the carrying trade, do they subserve any of the
purposes for which a naval armament is intended.
This argument, therefore, that by the establish- i
ment of these lines of ocean mail steamers, we are
judiciously providing for the increase of the navy,
however imposing at first view, has very little
force in my estimation; and I am persuaded, that
if it had been fairly presented and fully discussed,
it could never have received the approbation of
Congress. It is not in war that we derive the |
- greatest advantages from a naval establishment. !
Nor should we look at a state of war alone. Yet '•
these contracts lose sight of all the daily advan- !
tages resulting from a naval force, disregard the \
size and construction of the steamers required, j
and make the most costly sacrifices for the acqui-
sition of that which we already possess. It cannot
be the intrinsic merits of the system that have
commanded for it so much favor. We have been
content to imitate the example of Great Britain
and of Prance, have yielded our judgment a cap-
tive to theirs, and have forgotten that what may
be wisdom for them, may be folly for the United
States.
I pass now to the consideration of another argu-
ment which has been strenuously urged in support
of the policy of extending governmental aid to the
establishment of these lines of ocean mail steamers,
and which is the only other that I have heard ad-
vanced. It is, that we are thus granting protection
and encouragement to commerce. Sir, i yield to
no man the precedence in a disposition to encour-
age alt the great interests of American industry,
so far as it can be done consistently with the Con-
stitution and the best'lnterests of the whole coun-
try. But commerce is not the only interest to be
affected by our legislation. So far as this policy
aids commerce, it aids it at the expense of the ag-
ricultural and mechanical industry of our people.
'It is possible, I admit, to aid one branch of busi-
ness in. such a way that all others shall be bene-
fited. But the farmer, the mechanic, and the
manufacturer are to pay these annuities granted to
these lines of ocean rr\ail steamers without reap-
ing any corresponding benefit. There are gentle-
men who have voted for these contracts, and
earnestly advocated the system, who are opposed
to the doctrine of protection, and profess to regard
it as a donation to the few at the expense of the
many. But, sir, this is protection in its most
odious form. The advocates of protective duties
have never demanded gratuities to individuals.
They have never been accused of seeking to benefit
less than a class, an entire branch of industry or
of trade, and they have claimed to do this in a way
consistent with the best interests of the whole
country. Yet here is a measure which seeks not
to benefit a department of labor or of business,,
protects riot a class, navigation, merchants as a
body, or even importers, but selects a single firm,
or one merchant, and" bestows upon him all its en-
couragement; engages to pay him hundreds of
thousands of dollars for nominal services, for
what may be secured at a far less price, and claims
to aim at promoting the interests of commerce.
Such a mode of protection can never receive my
support or approbation. Nor can 1 perceive that
our commercial interests demand any such encour-
agement. I repeat, that I am not unfriendly to
their growth—I rejoice in their prosperity; but if
there be any one department of trade, which more
than others needs no governmental aid, I am.
assured that it is our commerce with foreign na-
tions. The industry and enterprise of our people
always have been and ever will be adequate to its
protection. No fostering hand of Government has
led our youth on, step by step, to the second place
in the commerce of the world. Relying upon their
own unassisted energies, our citizens have almost
mondpolized the carrying trade between the Uni-
ted States and Europe. They own every line of
packet-ships that crosses the Atlantic to and from
our shores, and they find but one rival in any sea.
They have hitherto found in their own right arm
their best protection. They are not coming to
our doors with complaints, nor is it from them
that we hear of encouragement needed.
I am aware that ocean steam navigation is in-
troducing: a new feature into our foreign trade.
A revolutionary process is going on. Time is
more regarded, and doubtless the day is not re-
mote when a large portion of our carrying trade
between this country and Europe will be done by
ocean steamers. I admit the importance of retain-
ing this trade in the hands of our citizens, but I
have an abiding confidence that the same American
enterprise which secured every line of packet-ships
will not fail us in this emergency, even though no
arm of Government be extended for its relief.
Emergency-is ever the parent of successful enter-
prise, and these are not degenerate days.
It is, however, an utter mistake, in my opinion,
to suppose that by encouraging these lines we are
extending aid to our commercial interests. Far
from it; a directly contrary effect must be pro-
duced. Who does not know that competition is
the life of progress in every department of indus-
try, whether it be trade, manufactures, or agricul-
ture? And who can fail to perceive that the system
of contracts with these lines of ocean mail steam-
ers creates a perfect monopoly, and bars the door
against all competition ? Does any one ask how ?
The answer is most obvious. You enter into a
contract with a New York merchant to pay to him
four hnndred thousand dollars annually for ten i,
years, for the support of his line from New York jj
to Liverpool. Now, how can another merchant i!
sustain another line between the same places, or !j
places in tiie vicinity, who has no such govern- jj
mental patronage? He does not stand on the same jj
platform. He must in some way secure an equal j j
sum before he can enter upon the race of competi- i'
tion. Sir, he can only live by the sufferance of'i
the governmental line. What sane man in such jj
circumstai^es would embark in such an enter- il
prise? All competition must be utterly extin-
guished, and the Government assumes the high
prerogative of declaring who shall and who shall
riot do the carrying trade of the country; who shall
and who shall not be our importers. The same
must be true of the carrying trade between New
York and Bremen, and so must it be with our trade'
with France, if the proposed line to Havre be ever
established. So well is this understood already,
that individuals come to the lobbies of this Hoi^e
at every session seeking for themselves a similar
monopoly. Sir, the best interests of commerce
revolt from all such governmental patronage. I
verily believe the. steps already taken, ihe contracts
we have already made, have done more to impede
the progress of our ocean steam navigation than
all other causes combined, and if the policy be not
) speedily arrested, those who are engaged in the
; foreign carrying trade must sink under it. They
i will soon come to this House earnestly asking to
be delivered from their friends, and repudiating
that protection v/hich palsies the hand of competi-
tion, by extending the aid of the Government to a
favored few.
And, sir, this policy not only gives'monopoliea
to individuals, buj it discriminates against the ports
of the country, if the design be to encourage com-
merce, and to aid the carrying trade, why should
New York enjoy the whole proposed advantage?
Why should Philadelphia and Boston be neglect-
ed? Why should Charleston and Savannah be
selected, and Baltimore and Norfolk be passed by?
Are we to say into what ports all foreign goods
shall be brought, and from what cities our people
may export? Are Philadelphia and Boston, Bal-
timore and Mobile, to have an embargo laid upon
them for the benefit of other cities? I trust not. I
trust the weight of this Government is not to be
thrown into the. scale against any of our seaports,
or any of our citizens. Let the same course be
pursued which I have recommended for the trans-
portation of the mails, and equal benefits will be
extended to all.
Thus far, Mr. Chairman, I have confined my
attention to the arguments which the friends of such
contracts have advanced in support of their favorite
policy. I am not aware that reliance has been
placed upon any other. If the system cannot be
sustained for these reasons, it is fair to presume
that it is indefensible. And unless I have deceived
myself, every argument of the friends of these mail
contracts contains within itself the material for its
own refutation, and were it possible to adduee no
other objection, I cannot but feel that I have said
enough to justify myself in assuming a position of
uncompromising hostility against any extension of
the system now fastened upon us. But there are
other considerations which have influence upon
i my mind, and which I desire to present to the
1 judgment of the committee.
Sir, I doubt the constitutionality of all such con-
tracts, of that entire policy which we have adopted
. in establishing and supporting these lines, and
j which we are asked to prosecute still further. Let
j me not be misunderstood. I do not question the
, constitutional power of Congress to provide and
j pay for the transportation of the mail, or for the
■ enlargement of the navy, or to regulate commerce,
j But the establishment of these lines of mail steam-
ers is neither. It certainly will not be pretended
that it is a regulation of commerce; and the whole
argument in its support concedes that the trans-
portation of the mail and the increase of the navy
are but incidents—neither the primary design, nor
the primary effect. And indeed it would be as
absurd to denominate them the principal thing
as it would be to call a farm an appurtenance of
a right of way. Now, it may well be doubted
whether it is among the constitutional powers of
Congress to grant money to a citizen to enable
him to build steamships, when- only the incidents
of such ships, and those not even necessary, are legiti-
mate subjects for legislation. A gift of the principal
necessarily carries with it the incident; but the
converse of the proposition is not true: a giftof an
incident does not carry with it the principal. Let
me illustrate this: We have constitutional power
to provide munitions of war: may we, under this
conceded power, grant money to a founder, to en-
able him to erect and work a foundry? And can
we justify the grant on the ground, that when the
ftxindry shall be completed, he will manufacture
