186
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 25,
30th Cs>nx}..,...2d Sess.
The Slavery Question-^Mr. R. W. Thompson.
Ho. or Reps.
; Very soon after the formation of the Constitu-
tion, and before a fixed constiuctionhad.been given
to it by the several departments of the Goverft-
jrnent, ancl by the people themselves, efforts were
made, by petitions to Congress and appeals to fed-
eral legislation, to interfere with the rights that
had been guarantied and secured by that instru-
ment. A direct attempt was made to bring the
power of the General Government to bear upon
the institution of slavery-as it existed in the sev-
eral States of the Union. Congress was, at that
time, composed .of wise, of grave, of deliberate
tpen, who neither acted from impulse- nor-passion.
These men calmly and earnestly ipiplored those'
who had agitated this question, to let it alone, and
to stand by the compromises of the Constitution
. The. moderation, the forbearance, the conciliation,
the. compromising spirit of that day triumphed
o'ver fanaticism and faction, and hushed them into
silence. Men were not so accustomed then as now
to narrow and enervate their minds with that mis-
erable and sordid selfishness which, if the times
were not sadly out of joint, would stamp its pos-
sessors as unfit for public trus£.
The country was not again excited with the sub-
ject of slavery, until the application of the fetate Of
'Missouri for admission into the Union. I need,
not.refer to the scenes which grew o.ut of. that
interesting and important question—they are of
occurrence recent enough to be recollected by the
most of those who hear me. It cannot be forgot-
ten that the Union was then shaken from centre to
circumference, and that the spirit of fanaticism and
of faction were about to be lei loose upon-the coun-
try with all their desolating influences. Nor can
it be forgotten, that by conciliation, concession,
and compromise, the Union and its integrity were
again saved—that glorious Union of the States, by
whose preservation and security our national, State,
and individual rights have been so long guarantied
and'maintained. ,
After the adoption of what is known as " the
Missouri Compromise," we heard but little more
of the question of slavery, and nothing of the abo-
lition of it, until the formation of the present Abo-
lition party. An effort was made, it is true, at the
session of Congress of akin to and pre-
cisely like the one which was made immediately
after the formation of the Constitution, to interfere
with slavery and the slave trade in the District, of
Columbia. A memorial was presented to this
House, from theState of Pennsylvania, in 3835-'36,
' praying Congress to abolish the slave trade and
slavery in the District of Columbia. The question
which arose at that time was on the reception of
the memorial. A motion was made to lay it on
the table, and a very large majority of the House
of Representatives did lay that memoiial on the
table, by voting to lay the question of its recep-
tion on the table. At the head of those who voted
in the majority upon that occasion, stood the ven-
erable and distinguished gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Adams J who but the other day fell
in this Hall, illustrious alike for his integrity, his i
greatness, and his patriotism. !
This attempt to interfere with slavery in the
District of Columbia was frowned down by the
House of Representatives; but the agitation of the
question had commenced. No impetus, however,
■was given to it until the year 1840, when, as 1
-verily believe, it received most important aid from
the action of this House, without which it would
now have been so dead thateven the " Buffalo Con-
vention" could not have galvanized it into life again.
At that time, to get rid of the petitions on the sub-
ject of slavery which were pressing upon this
House, the southern gentlemen here, with the aid
of.some of their northern friends, adopted the cel-
ebrated " twenty-first rule," which denied to the
people of the North the right to petition Congress
on the subject of slavery. Heie the two extremes
actually met—the agitators of the question on one
side, and the opponents of agitation on the other.
Immediately upon the adoption of the " twenty-
first rule," the question of the abolition of slavery
in the District of Columbia became a suspended
question, and there was substituted in lieu of it,
in the northern States, the question of the right of j
petition. The consideration of that question ap- !
pealed so strongly to the feelings of the North, j
that a large number of northern citizens became j
accustomed to act with the party which was urging j
upon Congress the recognition of the right of peti-
tion, and continued to act with them in defence of
this great right, until they became almost insen-
sibly, political abolitionists. Thus, I verily be-:
lieve, the adoption of the " twenty-first rule" had
a tendency to strengthen and increase the number
of political fanatical abolitionist's at the North.
This right of petition was a sacred right. The
North was earnestly addressed in hehalf of it, and
there (pointing to the seat formerly occupied by Mr.
Adams) stood the distinguished gentleman from
Massachusetts to whom I have just alluded, day
after day, month after-month, and year after year,
continually clamorous in this Hall for the preserv-
ation "of this high constitutional right, until the
excitement became so great that a portion of the
northern people, living in the State of Massachu-
setts, through that same distinguished Representa-
tive, presented a memorial upon this floor, praying
that Congress would take steps for the immediate
dissolution of the Union. Those gentlemen who
i were present will recollect the exciting scenes which
' took place upon this floor on that occasion, and
with what ability, with what earnestness and pow-
er, that "old man eloquent" defended himself
against the assaults of those who attacked him,
claiming only this—that while he did not, either in
sentiment or feeling, accord in one jot or tittle with
the sentiments of the memorial, he stood prepared
.to maintain the right of petition, as guarantied to
the American citizen. Upon that occasion, Mr.
Adams—as it were, almost pressed to the. wall by
his adversaries—was compelled to declare, and did
declare, what his own feelings were upon this very
question on which this House has been compelled
to vote within the last two weeks. He then said,
in order to stop this agitation, in order to arouse
the conciliatory spirit of his countrymen—within
the District of Columbia you men of the North have
nothing to do with the right of the. master over his slave;
and he went further and declared, that if he were
called upon to vote upon a bill to abolish slavery
in this District, he icouldvote against it'. But I pre-
fer to give Mr. Adams's own words. In debate in
the House of Representatives, February 2, 1842,
he said:
" He had now been ten years successively a .Representa-
tive of a portion of the pt oplc ot the Commonwealth of
Mflgft^jusett*, and within The very first week of his holding
n^HHfcthis Hou=e he had presented fifteen petitions tor
tmaBBpntion of slavery in the D^tiictof Columbia, and at
tharffme tie gave notice to the House, the petitioners, and
the wuoie country, and his constituents among them, that
if they sent their petitions to bun to be presented because
they expected him to support them, they must understand from
hurt /hot they were mistaken. Tins was not an mesponsible
act of ins, fur in li^ district at that time, there were perhaps
rn >re ahohtioribts than now. It was not then so odioifc a
tiling to hi' ait nbohtioni-t. The inhabitants of his di^tuet
had presented petitions for that same prayer, which were
referred to a committee, arid a nio^t iexpectable report made
upon them. He had repeated that sumc sentiment, time efcer
time, in this House, and he repeated it now. He ss id; if a
bill u ere to be brought into this Home for the abolition of da-
vet y in the JQictuct of Columbia to-morrow, he uould vote
ugiimt it But Iroin the first day that a petition was pre-
sented to him on this subject, he had uniformly said it was
his duty to present them. He behaved it the duty of the
House to receive them and consider them. Not to grant
them,—that would be acooiding to the sense of propriety of
the House if.^elf. It was notan in e^ponsible thing when he
fir^t took tins position in this House."
Mr. Chairman, I very well recollect these re-
| marks of Mr. Adams, and the sensation they pro-
j duced in this Hall. His position was such, both
I here and before the country, that whatever he said
j upon this or any other question, was entitled to
! the highest consideration. As the acknowledged
; leader of the party advocating the right of petition, j
i he was enabled to exercise a most potent influence I
i in staying the progress of fanaticism on the sub- !
! ject of slavery in this District and in the States, j
J He did stay its progress, although it required the i
; strength of a giant' to arrest it. He put forth his j
| arm, and said to it, " thus far shalt thou go and j
i no further." He rebuked the incendiary spirit ^
! which would have sundered every link in the lj
J beautiful cycle of our Union; and rts possessors, ;j
: both in the North and in the South, shrank back |
! before his lofty patriotism and scathing eloquence. :j
But, sir, he passed away. We who are here saw :!
what, to him, was the " last of earth." This House, j1
in his death, lost its patriarchal leader, whose very 'j
presence linked it with a past and better age, and Ji
this country lost one of the ablest defenders of its «j
freedom arid its rights. But his remains had j!
scarcely been earned home to the burial place of j|
his fathers at Cluincy, before one who bore his own
name—a name ever to be honored and revered—
became associated with a political hack, upon
whose head rested the constantly accumulating
sins of years, which had been spent in fixing ig-
nominy and reproach upon him and his adminis-
tration. This political organization was brought
about by men who had left every party in the
North, and who were bent upon the accomplish-
ment of the very designs against which this vener-
able patriot had labored throughout his long and
useful life. Devoutly should we thank that God
who "shapes our ends, rough-hew them as we
may," that, so far, their course has been stayed
by the stern rebuke of the American people.
It is not, however, to be disguised, Mr. Chair-
man, that thedangerfrom this political organization
is not yet past. The result of the late Presidential
election seems to have produced one conviction
upon the minds of those who adhere to it: that
there is in some of the States of the North, lodged
in the hands of this party, the balance of political
power, and that if they can keep up, by agitation,
their political organization, they will compel either
the Whig or Democratic party to come to them,
and, by this means, consummate their designs. I
think, and most earnestly hope, that they have cal-
culated "without their host." They must be mis-
taken, sir, in both the Whig party of the North,
and the Democratic party of the North—neither of
whom can, in any degree whatever, sympathize
with the present or ultimate purposes of this fanat-
ical party. I trust and hope, that when the end
shall come, they will stand alone—marked and
reprobated by the whole American people; as, in
time, every man must be, who raises his-arm
against the Union of these States.
The present session of Congress followed irfime-
diately upon the late Presidential election, and we
had scarcely *got together here, before we wit-
nessed the effect of this political organization.
First, sir, we were called on to vote upon a propo-
sition to abolish, directly and unqualifiedly, both
slavery and the slave trade in the District of Colum-
bia, without the consent of Maryland, and without
the consent of the people of the District. Here
was a bold attempt—made for the first time, in this
Hall, since the formation of our Constitutionto
exercise the Federal power of this Government,
to do that which all good men of all parties, and
at all times have declared that Congress could not
do without a violation of individual rights, without
tarnishing the fame of the nation, and endangering
the Union of.the States. True, sir—and fortunate
it is for us that it is true—this bill was voted down
by the House, but I cannot conceal the expression
of the astonishment which I felt to see the very
large vote which it received upon the motion to
suspend the rules for its introduction.
Within less than a week aftei this proposition
to abolish slavery and the slave trade in this Dis-
trict had been voted down by the House, we were
called on to vote upon another no less inflamma-
tory; -that is, to submit to the people of the Dis-
trict the question as to whether slavery should or
should not exist here, allowing the negro man to
vote, and placing the slave upon an equal footing
with the white man, in determining the question
whether or no his bonds should be broken. A
proposition thus to legislate needed but to be stated
to any portion of the American people to be repu-
diated, condemned, and spurned by every man
whose opinions are not warped and gangrened by
prejudice.
We had next a proposition to abolish the slave
trade in the District of Columbia. I will remark,
in reference to the course which was pursued to-
wards the resolution proposing this object, that
there was a class of gentlemen her<2 who had
always denied to Congress jurisdiction over the
question of slavery withm the District of Colum-
bia or within the States; yet 1 was astonished,
when that resolution came into this Hall, to find
these same gentlemen forcing the House to take
jurisdiction of it, and that against the earnest re-
monstrances of this side of the Hall. When that
resolution proposing to abolish the slave trade in
the District of Columbia was submitted, the pre-
vious question was called upon it, and it will be
* I recollect no other instance m whicfi a hill to abolish
slavery in the Distiict of Columbia was predated to Con"
