*88
JPftENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 25,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. R. W. Thompson.
Ho. of Reps.
sonal interest of the slaveholder and the slave; and
I do not now propose to discuss the question as to
whether slavery may or may not have been ah
evii to the black race. If the colonisation scheme,
or any. other Scheme which may be devised by the
ingenuity and benevolence of man for planting the
African race on its native shores, shall be instru-
mental in building up a republican form of govern-
ment there, and establishing the freedom of -that
race, I will leave it for the moralist of after days
to determine whether slavery has or has not been
an evil to the black man.
The resolution of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Gott] proposes to abolish the " slave trade"
m the District of Columbia. "What is meant by
the " stave trade ?" In the terms of this resolution,
I cannot understand it as meaning anything more
or less than a direct interference with the relation
of master and slave in this District. I have already
shown that Congress has not heretofore hesitated
to declare that this ought not to be done; and that
Mr. Adams expressed this opinion in the most
Emphatic terms. For myself, I maintain this doc-
trine, and intend to be governed by it, that under
the laws by which the District of Columbia was
ceded to the United States and-accepted, for the
seat of the Federal Government, Congress is bound
not to interfere with the relations between master
and slave here.* What is the " slave trade" in the
District of Columbia f I have heard a great deal
.said about " slave-pens," about slaves sold at auc-
tion, and about stripping the mother from the
child, and the husband from the wife. These
things may exist here, but I do not know of them.
Since I have been in the habit of visiting this Dis-
trict—which is from my boyhood—I haye never
seen a negro sold here, I have npver seen a band
"of negroes taken off by the slave trader, 1 do not
remember that I have ever seen the slave trader
himself. I know nothing of the " slave-pen" that
is so much talked about. It may be,here, how-
ever, and these things may happen every day be-
fore the eyes of gentlemen who choose to hunt
them up; but, for myself, I have no taste for such
things. One thing, however, I do know, and that
is, that slavery exists here in the mildest possible
form, that the number of slaves is gradually dimin-
ishing, and that in a few years it will be abolished
by natural causes and by the people themselves,
without any aid or interference from us.
The " slave-trade," as referred to in this resolu-
tion, is the right of the master to sell his slave.
Congress has no right to say to him that he shall
not do so. If gentlemen desire to enact a law, pro-
viding against the importation of slaves into this Dis-
trict for sale, I will go with them. This may be
easily done, and without objection from any quar-
ter. When the States of Maryland and Virginia
ceded this District to the United States, for the pur-
Cose of a seat of Government, provision was made
y their Jjegislatures that the laws of those States
should prevail in their respective parts of the Dis-
trict, until Congress should provide other laws.
Congress, in 1801, provided that the laws of these
States should prevail here; but in 1802 changed
them, by declaring that no part of the law of Mary-
land or Virginirf^hould be so construed as to pro-
hibit the owners of slaves to hire them within, or
remove them to the District, in the same way as
was practised prior to the passage of the act of
1801. The result of this is, since Alexandria
county has been retroceded to Virginia, that while j
a gentleman living in Virginia cannot now bring !
his slave into the District, unless he comes with !
 ;   - |
* General Harrison, in his letter of 23th November, 1836, I
addressed to Thomas Sioo, Jun., said : " 1 tfo not belieie thai |
Congress Cun abolish slavery m the Vistiict of Cvlamh.a v.ilit- .
out Ike comei.t oj the States of Virginia and Maryland and \
tae people of ike District."
Jllr. Cky. in his speech on "abolition petitions," in the '
Senate ot [lie United States, February 7, lbSi), said : * i
"It wai upon this view of the subject that the Senate at i
its last se.-Mim-soIcmrily declared that it would be a viola- I
tionof imjikeljuitfi, resulting from the transaction of the '
cession, to abolish slavery witlnn tile District of Columbia. |
And would it not be? By implied laith is meant, that when
a grant is made tor one avowed and declared puipose, known i
to the parlies, the grunt should not be perverted to another I
purpose, unavowed and undeclared, and injurious to tile !
grantor. The grant, in the case we are considenni', of the '
Jerritory ot Columbia, was jor a seat of Government.
whatever power is neeessaiy to accomplish that object is >
carried along with the grant. But the abolition of slavery j
 s not necessary to the enjoyment of this site as a seat of the
t*eneial Government." I
the bona fide intention of becoming a citizen, or as
a sojourner, yet a citizen of Maryland may do so,
under the compact between the General Govern-
ment and that State. Now all that any man can
reasonably ask to be done is this: That we shall
repeal the law of 1802, revive the operation of the
Maryland law of " 1796, and make it applicable to>
the District as a jurisdiction separate from the
.State of Maryland. The effect will then be, that
if a man brings his slave here from Maryland, or
anywhere else, the moment he comes within 'he
limits of the District, for the purpose of carrying
on the illegal and abominable traffic of slave-trading,
that moment the slave becomes free; but if he
comes with the bona fide intention of becoming a
resident of the District, or as a temporaiy sojourn-
er, he has the right to hold, his slave, under his
original right as acquired from the State of Mary-
land. Wow,'sir, 1 venture the assertion that there
are very few, if any, southern gentleman here, who
will not vote to revive^this law to-day. It presents,
then, to my mind, a common ground upon which
gentleman from all sections' of the Union may
stand. Let such a bill be introduced—and if no
other gentleman does so, 1 am ready to do it, for
1 have one already drawn for the purpose—let it
be passed, restore the law of Maryland of 1796,
prevent the.importation of$#aves, and restore to
the nation that harmony and quiet which it so much
needs. There can be no objection to such a course,
except amongst those who have no desire to see
the question settled, but who wish to agitate and
distract us, by continual excitement, for party and
political purposes.*
Suppose, Mr. Chairman, that instead of making
some such provision as the one 1 have indicated,
we shall proceed to pass a law, in the general form
prescribed by this resolution: what will be the next
step? It is to my mind perfectly clear, that we
should see immediately following it a proposition
from the political Abolitionists of the North to
abolish the slave trade between the Stales.f Now, sir,
I am no alarmist. I abominate these continual
threats of dissolution, I have little respect for the
man who is eternally talking about breaking the
Union asunder, and destroying that harmony and
fraternal aft'ection which have so long held us to-
gether. I have no sympathy with such movements.
liuJlfcjteU this House and the country, that, just
*The following is the bill i have drawn up, the general
features of which areapproved by southern gentlemen to
whom I have shown it) it is copied from the Maryland law
of 1793:
" A BILL to regulate the impoitation of slaves in the Dis-
: tnct of Columbia.
{e Sec. 1. Be it enacted, 4'c., That the seventh section of
an act entitled 'An act additional to, and amendatoiy of, an
act entitled An act concerning the District of Columbia,
approved May 3, 180J,' be and the same is hereby repealed.
'•'Sicc. '2. Be it further enacted, That from and after the
passage ot this act, it shall not be lawful lor any person or
persons to import or bring into the District of Columbia, any
aegio, mulatto, or other clave, lor sale or to reside within
said District; and any person brought into said Di>trict as a
slave, contrary to this act, if a slave before, shall thereupon
immediately cease to be the property ot the person or per-
sons so importing or bringing feuch person within saiu JDis-
tiiet, and shall be Iree: Provided., '1 hat nothing in tins act
shall be so construed as to pi event any citizen ot the United
ta'iaets who shall come into said District, with Abonajide
intention ol settling herein, or who shall acquit e the right to
a slave in any of the States of this Union, by bequest, by
gilt,by marriage, or by inheritance,from bringing such slaves
into said Distuet, within one year from the time such right
was acquired, or such removal into s.iiii District took place;
and that nothing herein contained shall be so construed or
taken to ailect the rig/it ot any person traveling or sojourn-
ing with any slave within said District, such slave nut being
sold or otherwise disposed ofm said District."
The act of Maryland of 1796 is in force now in the District
of Columbia, as has been dt-cided by the {Supreme Court of
the United States in the case of Lee vs. Zee, 8 Peters, 45;
but as it is now construed, the District stands in the same
relation to it as if it were still a part ol Maijland. An act
such as the above, or something like it, will be necessary
to make the Unmet as to Maijland, what other States are
to that State—that is, to pievent even citizens of Maryland
from bringing slaves here. This Maryland has consented
to, lor it is part of her own legislation.
-[ Mr. Clay took the same view of this subject in 1839. He
said:
" But, Mr. President, I will not detain the Senate longer I
on the subject of slavery within the District [of Columbia] |
and in Florida, and of the right of Congress to prohibit the i c- ,
moval s>{ slaves trom one State to another. 'lhese,as 1 have {
filreiidy intimated, with ultra Abolitionists, are but co many j
mushed batteries, conccaling the real and ultimate point ot at-
tack. That point of attack is the institution ol' domestic I
slavery as it exhtb in these Staten. It is to liberate three mil- j
lioji  of slaves held in bondage within {hern.5* j
as surely as the sun of heaven shines above us,
just as surely as we are now a Union of States,
-just so certainiy^must that Union become broken
and dissevered, if the municipal and local rights
of the States are thus interfered with by this Con-
gress. I say to gentlemen of the South—you shall
not trample upon the rights of the North, so far
as I represent the rights of the North; nor will I
attempt to trample upon any of those rights of
yours' which are guarantied to you by the Consti-
tution—the only charter of Republican Govern-
ment which man has yet devised. Sir, I have
spent the first half of my life in the South, and
the last half of it in the North. I think I know
the people of the South, and I think I know the
people of the North; and I tell gentlemen here,
both from the North and from the South, who
talk about disunion, that theydo not represent the
feelings of the American people on this great ques-
! tion. No, sir, they do not represent the heart of
the American people. That heart is moved by
conservative influences on this and all other ques-
tions, and every throb of it is for the Union as it
is—the sheet-anchor of our national hopes, and
future renown.
If Congress "shall attempt to interfere -with the
slave trade between the States, the inevitable, posi-
tive, direct result will be a dissolution of the Union.
This the people of the South would no more sub-
mit to, than would the people of the North submit
to have Congress declare that they should not
transport their property beyond the limits of their
States. The Union could not exist if either were
to be done. The people of neither portion of the
country;would remain passive under such legisla-
tion.
I find great fault, Mr. Chairman, with gentlemen
from both North and South who discuss this ques-
tion of slavery; it is, that they deal in threats and
denunciation which are calculated to alienate one
section of the Union from the other. This is all
wrong. I have said that 1 will not indulge in it to-
wards the South; yet I am not disposed to enter a
very formal complaint against gentlemen of the
South who speak in strong terms of the North. I
should prefer that they would except—as the fact
will warrant—a large portion of the people of all the
northern States. Northern man though lam, I am,
nevertheless, compelled to admit that some of the
people of the North deserve a good deal of what is
said of them by southern men. I cannot imagine,
for instance, what is better calculated to arouse the
feelings of the South—their indignation, if gentle-
men please—than an attempt on the part of the
northern States to interfere with and check that
Congressional legislation which has been provided,
under the Constitution, for securing the rights of
the master when his slave escapes from him into
another State. I believe that some of the States
have repealed their legislation on this subject, and
that others have inflicted a, penalty upon their
officers for aiding the master in arresting his slave.
I take pride in saying, however, that I come from
a constituency who have not gone thus far in ag-
gression upon the South. The people whom T
represent—the State from which I come—is essen-
tially conservative on this question of slavery. I
represent a constituency among whom the master
j would be just as secure under the law of the la«d,
| in attempting to recover'his fugitive slave, as he
would be in any county of Virginia or North Caro-
lina. I do not know of a judge or a justice of the
peace within the State of Indiana who would not
give to the master every possible aid in his power
to arrest his fugitive slave. They neither sympa-
| thize with the fanatical abolitionists of the North,
; nor with the ultra pro-slavery men of the South';
J all they say to the South is: Take care of the in-
[ | stitution of slavery as it was left you by your
, fathers; it is none of ours; we will have nothing to
■| do with it; manage it as you please.
II I am a good deal inclined to think that a very
considerable proportion, if not a majority, of the
it negroes of the South are quite as well off, if
ii not better off, in bondage, so far as physical
comforts are concerned, than they would be if
they were free. Take, for instance, the legis-
lation of Indiana with reference "to free negroes.
The law of that State requires that when they
come into the State they shall give bond and se-
curity never to become a county or township
charge, and if a person hires, harbors, or conceals
