1849.]-
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfiE.
189.
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Mileage of Members of Congress—Mr. Embree.
Ho. OF Rejps.
one of them, knowing that he has not given such
bond and security, he is liable to indictment and
fine. I have myself, since my election to the pres-
ent Congress, defended several of my constituents
who were indicted, and one of whom was fined
under this law. In the State of Indiana, and I
believe in the adjoining State of Illinois, this thing
of political abolitionism has never Extended very
far, and I do "not believe it ever will in either of
these States of the Northwest. If the feeling
which exists there should prevail all over the
Union, we should have no more agitation about
slavery in this District and in the States, but,Con-
gress would be enabled to settle all other questions
which grow out of it without difficulty or danger to
the public peace. All we want is quiet and har-
mony, and we can settle any question. While we
are mad and excited we can settle none. Just let
slavery alone where it is protected by the Consti-
tution and laws, and we sfiall have no further diffi-
culty. Neither the ordinance of 1767, nor any
proviso you can., then attach to your territorial
bills, will for a single moment endanger the peace
of the nation.
I do not, Mr. Chairman, propose to say any-
thing now in reference to the inhibition of slavery
in the territories which we have acquired by our
war with Mexico, except to remark, that if it had
not been for the^disregard of law to which I have
referred; if it had not been for repeated violations
of the Constitution, to which the Abolition party
owes its political existence; if it had not been for
the Abolition party itself, we should have had no
Mexican war, and no Mexican territory. But we
have had the war, we have got the territory, and
what is to be done with it? For my own part, I
declare to you, sir, that before I would endanger
the union of these States by the determination of
any question which might arise in the settlement
of the controversy between the North and the
South, in reference to New Mexico and California,
I would vote to give it all back, gold mines and :
all, to Mexico. Yes; although the gold mines
were ten times richer than they are, they should
not weigh a feather in the scale, compared with
the integrity of the union of these States. But as
we cannot give them back, for one, I am in no
very great hurry to organize a government for
them. I believe gentlemen from all sections had
better get cool upon this question before they un-
dertake to do a great deal about it; they are too
excited now; there is not sufficient conservatism
either in the South or the North. A portion of
the North say they will dissolve the Union, unless
Congress inhibits slavery m these territories; a
portion of the South say they will dissolve the
Union if Congress does inhibit slavery there.
Which of these two extremes shall yield? Shall |
moderate counsels prevail ? I am convinced, if we
shall get rid of these other exciting matters, that
the calm, deliberate, moderate, and conservative
spirit of the country will yet prevail in the settle-
ment of any question connected with these terri-
tories; and that in such settlement, it will be found
that deep, earnest, strong, and fixed devotion to
the Union is the leading impulse of the American
^eart' t
I wish it were true, Mr. Chairman; I wish that
what I see around me here every day wouid enable
me to say it was true, that this Legis.ative hall
had as much of calm conservatism about it as ex-
ists in the minds of the American people. - i>ut
we cannot shut our eyes to the fact, that there is ,
very often to be found a vast difference between j
the Representative and those who send him heie. ,
While the constituent at home is seated arouna ,
his own quiet and retired hearthstone, calmty an j
earnestly praying for the preservation of the wel- ;
fare of the Government, we who are here are too ,
often prompted by considerations of mere taction j
anil party, are disturbing the peace and repose or |
the Union, and agitating and convulsing the whole ;
country for our own sinister ends and semsh pui-
poses. There is coming a time, sir—it is nearly
here, and I thank God that it is so—when there
Will emanate from the Federal Executive of the
•nation this spirit of popular conservatism, wtncti
will be poured like oil upon the agitated waters o
party; when, in the settlement of great national
. questions, we shall neither know the names or
North or South, of Whig or Democrat; but shal
be prompted by those high, holy, and elevated
considerations which exist in the heart of every
patriot. Sir, the question of the integrity and
safety of this Union is higher than (hat of the tri-
umph of any party. Without the Union we can-
not exist aa a nation; with it, no power on earth
can arrest the progress of our greatness. It must
be preserved as it is. No man is a patriot who
will assail it; and he who, in this national hall,
shall seek to array in angry conflict the North
against the South, or the South against the North,
is an, enemy to the peace of the Republic.
Sir, I am a northern man, in sympathy and feel-
ing; but I love the South. The South was to me
the home of early and dearly cherished recollec-
tions. There are yet the playmates of my boy-
hood, and the friends of my youth. But I love the
North none the less for loving the South so much.
My home is in the North; my interests are there,
my affections are there, my sympathies are there.
Shall I love the North more than the South, or the
South, more than the North? Shall my patriotism,
be hemmed in and circumscribed by the little spot
of earth where 1 may happen to have been born
or to live? No, sir, no. I trust in God the time
shall never come when I shall not feel an equal
devotion for the sterile hills of New England and
the sunny plains of the South that I do for our
own broad and beautiful prairies of the West. It j
is all my country; it belongs to the nation; it is
.the common inheritance of us all; and though I
represent a people who have deposited important
trusts in my hands, yet I know them well enough
to know that they will respond to the declaration
which I make, that so long as I remain a member
of the National Legislature, I will give no vote
which shall not look to the rights, the interests,
and the prosperity, of the xntwle Union—to the
North as well as the South, the East as well as the
W est.*  
MILEAGE OP MEMBERS OF CONGRESS.
SPEECH OF MR. ELISHA EMBREE,
OF INDIANA,
In the House of Representatives,
January 11,1849.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the j
state of the Union, the following item being linder cap id- ,
eratior  in the Civil and Diplomatic Appropriation billJP' fur j
compensation and mileage of Senators, members of the '
House of Representatives, and Delegates, £768.200," Mr.
Embree had^moved to amend by inserting the following:
" Provided, That the mileage of members ot both Houses of
Congress shall heieafter be charged upon the shortest mail
route from their places of residence respectively, to the city
of Washington"— .
Mr. EMBREE said:
Mr. Chairman : Truth compels me to say, that
I address the committee with diffidence. Far from
harboring any design to sneer at those educational
\ —   ~
* The following is an extract from the "Farewell Address"
of General Washington:
"The unity of government, which constitutes you one
people, 13 ateo now dear to you. It is justly so; for it is a
main pillar in the edifice of jour real independence—the
support of your tranquillity at home, your peace abroad, of
your safety, of vour prosperity, of that very liberty winch
you so highly prize. But, as it is easy to foresee, that from
different causes and from different quaiters, much pains
will be taken, many artifices employed, to weaken in your
minds the conviction of this Uuth; as tins is the only point
in your political fortress against which the batteries of our
internal and external enemies will be most constantly and
actively (though often covertly and insidiously) directed—
it is of infinite moment that you >hould properly estimate
the immense value ot your national Union th your collective
and individual happiness; that joushouldchen-haeordia!,
habitual, and immovable attachment to il; accustoming
■ yourselves lo think" and speak of it as of the palladium of
! your political safety and prosperity; watchingfor its preseiv-
i ation with jealous anxiety j discountenancing whatever
' may ®u°ccf-t even a suspicion that it can, in any event, be
! abandoned ; and indignantly frowning upon the first dawn-
■ ing of eveiy attempt to alienate any portion of our country
; from the rest, or to enfeeble the sacred ties which now link
i together the vaiions parts.
! "For this you have every inducement of sympathy and
I interest. Citizens by bnth or choice, ot a common country,
! that countiy has a right to concentrate your affections. The
I name of Jlnicriccin, which belongs to you in your national,
i capacity, must always exalt the ju*t pride of patriotism
i more than anv appellation derived from local di^crinnna-
! tions. With slight shade* of difference, you have the same
I religion, manners, habits, and political piinciph-s. You
' have, in a common cause, fought and triumphed togethci ;
the independence and liberty you possess are the vvoikot
' joint counsel^ and joint efforts, ot common dangeis, surler-
! ings, and successes."
facilities which honorable gentlemen here ]
in a superior degree,candor compels-me to remark,
that 1 have been reared on a backwoods farm; that
I have taken  o " degree," unless in thatschool of.
labor wherein is taught the science of splitting rails,
following the plough, and those agricultural pur-
suits which are the lot of the western farmer's son.
Thus reared until the age of eighteen or .twenty,
with but little education, it cannot be expected that
I should be an adept in the art of using flowery
words; in other language, in the business of speech
making. I was never,even considered (as our
western folks have the term) " good on the stump."
If I have any forte, it does not lie, I assure you,
sir, in that direction. Your humble speaker is a
plain man, who desires to submit a few plain facts,
in an unadorned manner, for the consideration of
this body. I should not weary you at all, did not
an overwhelming sense of duty to my constituents
impel me at least to attempt a .reform of what I
consider, sir, in plain English, to be an outrageous
and scandalous waste of the public money by pub-
lic servants; money collected from hard earnings
of the people, from toil in the harvest field, and at
day's work; that sort of employment, sir, which
sweats for what if collects together. In this I can
sympathize, for I kn,dw something about it from
| experience. I know the pay of the laborer who
rises with the sun and toils until it goes down. I
know the value^of gold among those yeomanry of
our land, whose wives and daughters clothe them-
selves by their own hard-driven industry; and I
know, therefore, that that which may seem to
those who were cradled in wealth as a very small
matter, is to them* a very great matter. Trifles
make up the sum of life. While Congress is busied
here in what it is fashionable to call "great affairs
of state," it may not be an useless task, even for
me, to descend a little from these lofty topics, that X
may discuss the propriety of saving a little money
to the tax payers of the country. I know the
subject is ungrateful to many. I am, prepared to
hear my motives assailed. I expect the imputa-
tion of demagogue to be hurled at me. These as-
saults here are common, and only mean that a
member advocates the rights of the people. 1
know my own heart, and while it approves my
motives I shall be content.
In what few words 1 am about to submit, Mr.
Chairman, t speak of facts. With men I have
nothing to do. I disclaim ail imputation upon
members. I complain of an existing laiv, which
tolerates the abuses which I shall endeavor to ex-
pose, and I ask that the law be reformed.
Mr. Chairman, whether there be glory or dis-
grace in this movement, I believe that it originated
with myself, not with the member from New York,
[Mr. Greeley.] He has chosen to aid in this
reform in his own way and at his own time. On
the 11th day of last month I had the honor to offer
a resolution, which was adopted by this House,
and which reads in the following words:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means in-
quire into the expediency of adopting a more economical
system of pubhc expenditure : First, By icducing the salary
or pay of all officers of Government one-fourth, where the
s.Uaiy or pay exceeds one thousand dollars per annum, and
tiie Constitution does not prohibit such reduction. Second,
By estimating the mileage of members of Congress and del-
egates of Teiritones by the nemcst mail route from the city
of Washington to the post office nearest the residence of
each member or dek gate. Third, By providing, that alter
Congress Ins been in session for three months during any
Congress, the pay of membeisand delegates shall beieduced
one-half from that time to the close of the session. And by
such other economical piovisions as to said committee may
seem right and expedient; and that said committee report
by bill or otherwise.
This resolution, in fact, was prepared by piyself
at the last session of Congress, and was offered by
myself eleven days previous to theexposition made
in the New York Tribune on the subject of mile-
age. My object, sir, in desiring this amendment
to be made to the bill under consideration simply
is, that I may thus insure its passage through the
| Senate, inasmuch as the bill before us must pass
' that body to secure to its honorable members, in
| common with all other officers of the Government,
i their pay. I desire that my amendment shall stand
| in the road between members and the treasury of
! the United States. If any effort of mine can pre-'
I vent it, it shall not be stilled or dodged. I-desire
I the amendment, sir, to be adopted.
I Mr. Chairman, I propose to glance at th£ sev-
j eral propositions of this resolution.
