199
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 11,
30th >C©x*k 2d Sess.
Mileage of Members of Congress—Mr. Ernbree.
Ho. of Reps.
Sir, the present Jaw in relation to mileage was
passed when honorable members were-forced to
reach Washington, the best way they might, on
horseback. Q,uite.a change since tl^t period has
$ome over everything else: why shall we not
have a change also in the law ? Now, instead- of
the neatest rotrte by-land,.we have railroad routes,
steam boat routes, lake routes, ocean routes. By
thfis process, the mileage of members of Congress
hasbeen doubled—more than doubled. They were
sufficient} y high when the law was first passed;
yet, now, with all the facilities enumerated, we
fend them doubled.
It has been well said, sir, that u figures will not
lie." I have prepared from the books of your
Secgeant-at^ctrms certain plain facts, in a tabular
m statement. If their accuracy can be denied, let it
be done now, that I may correct them. The glaring
abase and extravagance of this mileage system
will be far more eloquently exposed by the figutes
which follow, than they can be by words. Look
at the figures, sir, and let honorable gentlemen
answer if there be nothing m this law which needs
reformation ?
Mileage and pay, of members of Congress, j&r second
session thirtieth Congress.
By reference to the books it will be seen:'
I.—bfiieage.
That tfee-aggregate amount of mtleage received by twenty
members of Congress, is only  $ji,9i9 0*0
Wlnle the segregate amount received by twenty
other members is    34,757 00
The average amount for each member of the first
twenty is less tlian  100 00
While Hie average received by each of the second „
twenty is  1,737 00
Each o{ the latter receives on an average more
than each of the former  1,642 00
The aggregate amount of mileage of ten members
is only  724 00
While ihe aggregate amount of ten others is the
-enormous amount of.  59,233 00
The average received hy each of the first ten....
The average received by each of the second ten.
72 40
1,9-23 30
The ten latter received twenty-six times as much as the
ten former.
II.—Mileage and-per diem.
The average amount of mileage and per diem of twenty mem-
bers (for the preseiitseseton) is, lor each, about $816 00
The average amount of mileage and per diem of
twenty Others is about   2,457 00
Pay per day of each of the first, a little over.... 9 00
Pay per day of each of the second, more than... 27 00
Average amount of mileage and pei diem ot thirty
R'Piesciitativcs and Sonaiori is, for each", ((or
the presi'iit be-sMOii,) about '  2,525 00
Aveiage amount of thirty others, each, about... • b-^U 00
Or for each of the first, morp, per day, (for the
prc>ent session,) thaw 
While for each oi the second, a imie more than.
28 00
9 00
Average amount of mileage and per diem for four
Swmiorj*, for each, about  3,006 00
Or more, per day, (tiunday=incJud(jd,) during the
present session, than  33 00
If the^e Senators i eceivi-d the full amount of books
voted to new member*, tbpy would lecetve, for
every day of the ses&ion, about  40 00
The per diem pay of the members of eaeh House
is eight dollars; but with the mileage it amounts,
for many of them, to from twenty to thirty dollars
per day.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, desired to ask the
gentleman from Indiana, jf the amendment which
he proposed would, in his opinion, reduce these
inequalities in any great degree ? Whether, in the ;
gentleman's opinion, aficr the adoption of his
amendment, inequalities would not.still exist? :
Mr. EM DREE said he would answer the gentle- i
man with great pleasure. The amendment which :
he (Mr. Embree) proposed, would reduce the j
mileage of members of Congress more than sixty i
thousand dollars. It went, at least, so far; and if,
the gentleman would bring m another proposition i
still further to reduce it, he (Mr. Embree) would i
go with him most heartily. i
Mr. HALL asked the question; Whether the
gentleman's amendment did apply to the piesent ,
Congress? And he asked further, if the gentleman ij
expccted to be a member of the next Congress? j!
■[Laughter,-and some playful allusions by gedtle- H
men, in an under tone, to the recent nomination
for Governor of Indiana.]
Mr. EMBREE said: At the time when, at the
last session, he had advocated a proposition of this
kind, he had expected to be a member of the next
Congress, as he had also when he had offered jhe
amendment which was now under consideration.
He did not now know whether he should be or
not, [a laugh.] That would depend upon circum-
stances, [renewed laughter.]
To return from this digression, sir. Do not
these facts conclusively show the necessity for
amending the law now in force regulating mileage?
Prom the developments of this table, it appears
that while there are twenty members of Congress
who receive each one thousand seven hundred and
thirty-seven dollars of mileage for every session,
i there are likewise ten who receive each one thou- ;
j sand nine hundred and tivenly-three dollars. It also |
j appears from this expose that there are thirty j
, Representatives and Senators who receive each in j
! per diem and mileage the sum of twenty-eight dot- |
I iars per day during the present session; while 1
! others—with the books voted by members to them-
selves allowed—receive the svimof forty dollars per
day. '
Yes, sir, while the people suppose-that a meth-
ber bereis in the receipt Qf eight^lollars per day,
it is a fact that he receives (in some instances) from
twenty.-five to forty dollars per day.
Is not such pay enormous? Is not such a law
unjust? Is it not an odious and intolerable public
burden? And it is as unequal as it is unjust; for
I have demonstrated, sir, that while some gentle-
men receive from &25 to $40 per day, others receive,
mileage and per diem included, but §9 per day.
The .member from Mississippi [Mr. Brown]
j has said, sir, that this "is a small matter." A
j small matter! Well, sir, my amendment will save
! to the Government more than sixty thousand dollars
j a year. When the honorable chairman of this com-
j miUee [Mr. Caleb B. Smith] was the Speaker of
the House of Representatives of Indiana, (or per-
haps a few years prior to that period,) the whole ex-
penses of our growing and prosperous State were
but about fifty thousand dollars! This is the way
that we unsophisticated souls of the West reckon
about " small affairs." We Hoosiers estimate the
vahj^&f money perhaps somewhat differently from'
a wHBissippi constituency. We don't consider the
whole expense of a State government " a small
affair.'3 .No, sir, not by any means!
Mr. Chairman, there is a common trick in legis-
lative assemblies, always resorted to to break down
a measure when members feel a~ little awkward
about meeting the proposition which they wish to
jj murder by honest, blunt, straightforward opposi-
; tion. Instead of openly and manfully resisting
; such measures; instead of avowing themselves to
; be their enemies, and thus meeting the people
j fairly on such questions, they kill by kindness! by
i " running the thing in the ground," as the phrase
! goes; by saddling the proposition with amendment
j after amendment, until the saddle bieaks down the*
i whole measure.
i Now, I am not about to charge my friend from
j Mississippi with practising this trick; but this gen-
j tleman tells me that he will go for « i/general sys- .
I tem of reform; and the gentleman has proposed !
i that kind of reform which will prevent members 1
1 of Congress from receiving pay for time when they |
j are not in attendance upon their respective Houses.
i Sir, I will readily go with the gentleman for that
j proposition whenever he shall bring it forward,
i But every species of reform cannot be included in
Mis amendment; and'thus to burden this amend-
Gentlemen tell us, that even if my amendment
prevails in this House the Senate will reject it. I
cannot respect this suggestion as an argument. It
sounds very strangely to my ears. As members
of this body we should do our duty, and leave the
Senate to act upon its own responsibilities. Am I
to understand that we of the House of Represent-
atives must await instructions from the Senate be-
fore we shall proceed to legislation here? This is
certainly the only point observable m this sug-
gestion. For reasons, however, which I shall pro-
ceed to endeavorto explain, I am obliged to gentle-
men for their allusion to the Senate; it enables me
to fortify my exposition of the gross wrongs prac-
tised, in respect to drafts on the treasury, upon
the people.
It is with unaffected and profound regret that I
am forced to breathe a word in disparagement of
the acts of members of the American Senate—that
boast of our system—that pillar of our Constitu-
tion—that fountain of wisdom and greatness. But,
sir, facts must be spoken fearlessly "by htm who
undertakes to speak the whole truth. And, sir, I
am constrained to express my humble opinion that
the length of the Senatorial term, their distance
from the people, and, above all, the hateful influ-
ence of an ultra party spirit, have o'f late <years
much conspired to detract from its dignity, to de-
stroy its usefulness, and to lessen the popular con-
fidence m its character. I will not speak at random;
I will deal in no unsustained accusations; but will
ask the attention of the committee to two flagrant
facts connected with thaf body.
Mr. Chairman, while I pronounce theta under
which members of this House legally abstract their
per diem and mileage from the treasury as odious,
I conceive the practice, which has been adopted-
by some Senators*, of charging constructive mileage,
to be a total violation of ail law> and a most wanton
outrage upon popular rights.
Let us examine the monstrous facts connected
with this system. The simple statement of them,
sir, will do away with ail necessity for comment.
On the 3d of March, 1845, the session of Congress
closed, and the Senators were entitled by,law to
receive, and did receive, for mileage to and from
Washington, thegrosssumof $40,226 40. Yet, sir,
twenty-seven of these Senators, these same Sen-
ators, charged and received the additional sum of
twenty-three thousand dollars ! ThlS,Str, was
double mileage! This, sir, to some of those Senators,
was about four thousand poixars each over and
above their regular per diem allowance! And
what was the pretence of this wholesale draft?
Why, sir, on the 4th of March, one day after the
close of that Congress, the President called >the
Senate together to confirm Mr. Polk's appoint-
ments; and for this grave service they not only
charged their eight dollars per day, but twenty-
seven of them received full mileage for a pretended
traveling to their homes on the night of the third
of March ! For this scrvice some of the Senators
received one hundred and eighteen dollars per day,
and one Senator received one hundred a.id thirty
dollars per day, for every day during that special
session. Did they go home and return ? No, sir I
All this mileage was paid them for their valuable
services m sleeping on the night of the third of
March! Is this, likewise, " a small affair," Mr.
Chairman?, Is it "a very small affair" to pay
gentlemen the sum of $2,000 each for a night's
snoring? Is it a veiy ''small affair" to the people,
who supposed at that period that their Senators
were pocketing only $8 per day, to be now in-
formed that they were paid to the tune of one hun-
dred and thirty dollars per day ? There were,
j ment is,^in the end, to defeat it. The honorable \\ however, many honorable Senators who refused
; jnemoer s suggestion reminds me of the boy who, ;; to charge and receive any portion of this construct-
j having to travel a thousand miles, concluded that J ive mileage.
i he would not start upon his journey until his legs ,| Mr. Chairman, with the indulgence of the com-
j nad grown long enough to make the whole distance ■  mittee, I will refer to another instance in which I
, y a single step! Step by step, item by item, is i conceive the conduct of a majority of the Senate
, the only way m which reforms of this natuie can to have been justly reprehensible.
I be attained. ; Immediately, sir, after that body had, at the last
■ ine gentleman from Ohio has also favored us session, ratified the treaty of peace, the majority
' W! i>a*u su2^estI?n* Instead of the mileage j of that body passed a biil calling ten thousand ad-
, which they now receive, he proposes that mem- !j diuonal regulars into the field. At that time we
eis of Congress shall be paid by the hour for ,! had already nearly fifty thousand idle troops, at an
rave mg to Washington. Sir, I havelearned from enormous expense* to the Government. For.three
my boyhood to respect premiums on industry, hut j months this measu.e had been hanging in the Sen-
here is a bounty^bsolutely held out to downright ;j ate without its action. But as soon as a treaty of
aziness ■ j| peace was ratified—in other words, as soon as the
