1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
191
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Mileage of Members of Congress—Mr. Embree.
Ho. of Reps.
war was ended—it suddenly passed. Now, sir,
who is blind enough not to know thSt no such force
was called for by the good ofthe service? But the
good of a party, Mr. Chairman, required that tive
hundreds of office-seekers, who had been droning
and lounging around this Capitol and the White
House, asking for the four or five hundred offices
which this bill would place at the disposal of the
Executive—the good of a party, sir, required its
passage, and it did pass! Fortunately, this House
arrested it, or the people would have been saddled
with near another million of war expense.
There is a fact presses on me here, and I must
be indulged for a moment while I refer to it. While
this kind of extravagance was thus pressed upon
us, Congress refused to allow a reward to the pa-
triotic survivers of the soldiers of the Indian wars
and the late war with Great Britain; refused to
grant to these veterans, their widows and orphans,
a small tract of land as a home in their declining
years. When lands were voted for the soldiers of
the Mexican war, at the last session, I strenuously
advocated the same claims for the soldiers of the
Indian wars and the war of 1812. I then contended
that they were as brave as others; that they were
equally patriotic; that they had covered themselves
with glory and their country with renown; that
they had performed servicesequally meritorious and
deserving of reward; that they had fought in defence
of our most sacred rights against fiendish barbarism
and despotic aggression; and that those who united
in that struggle, who exposed life and limb in the
conflicts of that period, were entitled to recompense
from theabundantfullness of the nation's resources.
But, sir, all arguments and appeals were disregard-
ed. Far from me was it to object to the grant of
lands made to our gallant men m Mexico; but 1
then thought, I still think, that justice required that
sen ices equally meritorious should receive equal
reward. 1 thought then, and 1 still believe, that
granting lands to the soldiers of the Mexican cam-
paign, and withholding them from the others, pro-
duced an invidious distinction against the gallant
veterans of 1812. It was almost us if Congress
had said that they were not as worthy as the sol-
diers of the Mexican war.
Mr. Chairman, another provision in my resolu-
tion contemplates the reduction of the pay of all
officers of the Government one-fourth, where such
reduction would not bring their pay below one
thousand dollars. The salaries of the different
officers of this Government vary from $25,000 to
less than §1,000 per year. Now, according to the
best of my information and judgment, many of
these officers do not earn one-half their pay, but
employ the public time and money to the most un-
seemly party purposes. In 1836 there was an act
of Congress passed, requiring that all the public
offices m Washington should be kept open ten
hours per day in the summer, and eight hours in
the winter. But what has been the practice of the
officers of Government under this law? During
the past summer these offices were not opened
until 9 a. m., and were closed at 3 p. m.—but little
more than half the time required by law! Not
only so, but when I and other members have had
engagements at these offices, and have repaired
there during legal hours, we have been unable to •
find persons with whom to transact the necessary
business of our constituents.
By examining the rates of salaries, gentlemen
"will observe that some of those officials receive
wore than three dollars for every hour they remain
in their offices. During their unemployed time-
time pilfered, as I have shown, fiom the public
service—tu wit, from three in the afternoon until
Bine of the following morning, these gentlemen
were engaged, in the late Presidential canvass,
directing documents an<i writing articles for party
newspapers. Besides, the evil has been recently
augmented. At the last session some two hundred
officers were added to the Government! Is no re-
form needed here? If those in the public employ
obeyed the law, and devoted the whole of the time
required by Congress to the public service, but
half the number of officers would be requisite.
£ne hundred per cent, in the way of salaries is
thus paid by the people as a sort of pension fund
to lazy officers and clerks t Sir, it amounts to this;
smooth over and " honey it" over as you may, it
amounts to a bounty to idleness, if not to corrup-
tion.
I am vm enemy to high salaries, for I deem them
to be the fountain of infinite evil to our country.
They abstract meVi from useful pursuits; men who,
otherwise, would establish for themselves perma-
nent business, which would benefit them and ad-
vance society. Under this Government there are
about one hundred thousand offices; for each office
there are about four applicants; a grand total of five
hundred thousand place-holders and place-seekers,
stimulated by the hope of salaries to abandon the
ennobling fields of*useful industry, and to give
themselves up to the employment of humbugging
and electioneering; occupying all their precious
moments, from election to election, in endeavors
to ride the wave of public excitement, in the hope
that it may bring them into station.
Sir, I wish ardently that this subject were justly
estimated by honorable gentlemen. Our country
is kept in a constant state of party strife by these
office-hunting agitators. Patriotism is ever on
their tongues; but I fear that the sentiment is rare
in their hearts. Let salaries be reduced to a rea-
sonable standard, and we shall soon find that elec-
tioneerers will become rare. The talented young
men of our country will no longer have held out
to them this tempting bait. They will settle down
in our communities, and add to the welfare of their
neighbors and the country by those pursuits which
bless and elevate -mantund. Let us cut up this
evil by the roots. It is a cancer ki the heart of the
body politic.
Another branch of my resolution, sir, contem-
plates the reduction of the pay of members of Con-
gress one-half, after Congress shall have been three
months in session. 1 have said that my amend-
ment to this bill would save to the country some
sixty thousand dollars yearly in the item of mile-
age. Here, sir, is a reform by which a saving of
hundreds of thousands may be effected. Would
the public interests suffer by thus shortening the
sessions of Congress? (for such would be the effect
of shortening the pay.) Let us consider this, sir.
At the last session the remark was common,
among the older members of this body, that it was
necessary to fix a day of adjournment. Why,
sir? For the reason which gentlemen then urged,
viz: 41 Congress will do as much business in one
day, after the period for adjournment is fixed, as
they would otherwise do in one week." And this
tells the whole story, Mr. Chairman. The busi-
ness can be done in one-half of the*time; and it
ivill be done, if the pay be not so inviting as it is
at present.
Sir,. turn your attention to the journals for the
past ten or twelve years. I have examined them,
and I find that, for the. first thirty days of a ses-
sion, Congress did not sit more than two hours per
day. It is not a great deal better now. This rule
has operated well m my State; it has abridged the
sessions of the Legislature ; it has worked no
harm to the public interest; and such would be
its result if introduced here, I confidently believe.
My resolution, in addition to designating these
specific items, contains a clause requiring the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to inquire rato all
other modes by which the expenses of the Gov-
ernment may be curtailed. Did time permit, this
topic might be dwelt upon with advantage. Under
the circumstances, however, I shall advert but to
two particulars in which reform is seriously de-
manded.
I can see no propriety in the practice which ob-
tains here of voting some thirty thousand dollars
per Congress in the way of "Globes" and other
newspapers. Let the people have light—it is the
duty of the Representatives to furnish them with
the proceedings here; but, for one, I declare my
conviction that all such expenditures should come
out of the pocket of the member. To him the
cost of a few hundred newspapers is compara-
tively insignificant, as contrasted with the sum
total thus taken from the treasury.
And the fiankiug privilege calls loudly for re-^
form. What immense sums, sir, by the abuse of
this privilege, are annually lost to the treasury!
Upwards of two hundred thousand dollars, sir; or
the sum of two millions in ten years! Why, I
have learned from the Postmaster General himself,
that during a part of the last session, something
like five thousand pounds of mailable matter were
franked and sent daily from the city of Washing-
ton! I asJc, in ail sober reason, sir, was this per-
jj version ever contemplated as the result of the
j] franking privilege? Does it not amount to a fla-
j! grant abuse? The mails of the country are abse-
il lutely packed ^down, at a great public cost, with
' cumbrous matter, a great portion of which is ab-
solutely worthless, while by far too much of it is
calculated to spread the seeds of national demoral-
ization. I deprecate, also,* the practice in which
this House has for many years indulged of voting
!; over six hundred dollars' worth of books to each
jj member. One would imagine that over thirty dol-
>• lars per day (received by some gentlemen) was an
adequate compensation to satisfy avarice itself;
but it seems that to this has been added the little
matter of over six hundred dollars in the way of
books! During the last seventeen years, there
jj has thus been given away by the Government, m
[j books to members, the snug sum of some eleven
\ hundred thousand dollars, m .addition to per diem
j and mileage! And, sir, it is said, on high author-
l ity, that many of these books do not even go home
j to the residences of the members, but are sold
! here in the city of Washington.
Mr. Chairman, I have now, in a plain and tem-
! perate way, endeavored to expose some of the
| prominent abuses of the public expenditure. No
; man can gainsay the facts which 1 have presented;
they are all too true; all have been gleaned from
I, the fountain head. There is a radical,a monstrous
j wrong in the law regulating the mileage ot mem-
I bers; there is an unqualified fraud, as 1 think,
| practised in the system of constructive mileage;
; there is rottenness, from beginning to end, in the
| management of a majority of the offices and clerk -
| ships here; there is a flagrant outrage in the abuse
i of the fianking privilege; all of which, sir, did
! they only tend tp draw money improperly from
I the public, would be bad enough; but when the
^ consideiation is added, that they are but so many
j engines to inflame, to deceive, to corrupt the people,
by building up here, m this capital, avast and
i wicked partisan machinery, for the sole and entire
i benefit of designing politicians, then, sir, m this
j view, the evil becomes absolutely appaiiing. If
[ persisted in, its tendency cannot be regarded with-
! out fear that it may yet prove too strong for the
i arm of popular reformation. History is full, of
' warning to us. These devices of the tew to cajole
• and override the many, have had their existence
in every government; and it has been to such foun-
tains as these, ol luxury and favoritism established
at the seat of power, that we trace the melancholy
fate of a majority of governments. These abttses
advance stealthily; one makes room for another,
until the whole system becomes changed. Such,
too, in this regard, has been ourliistcfry. Let the
present abuses go on, sir, and what condition of
things will be piesented ten years hence? I shall
not attempt the picture.
Ah, sir, if sucn abuses as these grew up in your
private affairs—if they occurred in the manage-
ment of your estates, your farms, your manufac-
tories, your law offices, and your stores—the cor-
rective would soon be applied ! Shall we be less
just to the people than we would be to ourselves ?
6hall we act in a spirit of unfaithfulness to the
high interests which others implicitly confide to
our care—a spirit in which we could not be in-
duced to act in regard to our own meanest and
humblest personal interests'1 Is this honesty? Is
it Christianity ? ls.it common fairness* And shall
j: 1 fear, sir, to declare these things, lest the epithet
II of demagogue and other unseemly language shall
|| be cast m my teeth? No, sir ! i may regret,,and
t! 1 do regret, my inability to ably discharge my
duty; but I shall never be afraid or ashamed hon-
;; estly to attempt it, no matter whether the path hes
!i through the prejudices, or passions, or sordid m-
■ terests of men.
I I hope that this reform may begin here, and
! that it may begin now; but whether gentlemen
i' heed it or not, there is an abiding sense of justice
among the people of the country which, when ail
i these abuses shall be fully comprehended by them,
]■ will awaken a stern spirit of indignation which
,! will not be quieted until, in the language of the
Good Book, (kthe axe is laid to the root of the
: tree." t
;i Mr. Chairman, I know the American people well
ij enough to know-that they are not mean-spirited;
j«sthey require of us no pitiful retrenchment; they are
ii liberal; they know the full value of the services
