m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 16,
30th Cong 2n Sess.
Slavery in the Territories—Mr. Wilson.
Ho. of Reps.
mean when they spoke of the United States; what:
every public document mustmean when it referred j.
to the United States, viz; to a certain, definite, dis- |
tmet, well-defined tract or portion of the earth's j
surface, with the people who inhabited it. The j
geographical extent of the United States, marked \
and defined in the treaty of 1783, is set out as fol- j
lows: The eastern boundary was on the Passama- -
quoddy bay, the Schoodic or St. Croix river, and
a straight line run-ning north from a certain point
on the Schoodic to the northwest corner of Nova
Scotia, On the highlands that divide the waters
emptying into the Atlantic Ocean from those empty-
ing into the St. Lawrence; thence southward and
■westward along said highlands until it struck the
westernmost branch of Connecticut river; down
said river to 45° of north latitude-; west airing said
parallel of latitude until it struck the St. Lawrence;
through the great lakes and the channels of the
streams to the Lake of the Woods; from thence
southerly to the headwaters of the M ississippi;
down the main channel of the Mississippi until it
intersected the northern boundary of Louisiana;
eastvvardly along said northern boundary of Lou-
isiana and the northern boundary line of Florida
to the Atlantic Ocean ; and on the said ocean north- i
eastw'ardly to the X^assamffquoddy bay. That was j
to be the United States; and, after the treaty of;
1783, was the United States.
There was, then, a certain," distinct, and definite !
tract of country to which the Constitution of the j
United States was to apply. And now let me ask ,
any member of the committee to take the journal
of that Convention in his hand,and say whether he
could believe that the men of that Convention, who ,
were brought toother for the purpose of framing i
a constitution for the United States, did, in fact,
form an instrument with all the properties of a 1
monstrous gum-elastic overshoe inverted, the tee ,
of which could be drawn on over the north pole, ;
and the heel hitched down over some tall moun- :
tain near the Isthmus of Darien? The very idea I
is too preposterous to be entertained for a moment .
by any sensible man of fair impartial mind. j
I will venture to assert, that the framers of the j
Constitution no more thought that the Constitution ;
which they were making for the United States had j
the capacity to operate over the whole continent !
of North America, than th§y thought it capable of
being extended, to operate over Siberia and China
and the Islands in the Indian Ocean. Certain it
is, such an idea never entered the heads of the
honest republican people who adopted it and gave I
it validity, as containing and proscribing a form of
government adapted to their wants, their secuiity,
and their welfare. i
The Constitution adopted, the illustrious Wash- ,
ington was callcd, by the unanimous voice of his [
fellow-citizens, to the administration of public .
affairs. He held the first office under the Consti-
tution for eiisht years, and declined a reelection, i
Du ring his administration, the affairs of the coun-
tiy wrcrit on in comparative quiet, lie was from
a slave State and a navehohlei, yet he could real- ;j
ize that he was the President of the whole conn- jj
try. He could appreciate talent and patriotism '
and integrity wherever he found it, in northern '
men as well as southern. If there was fault found j
with him, it did not come from northern men. j
A President from the North succeeded the great j
and the good Washington. He was a man of high
abilities, of as pure a patriotism as ever warmed a I'
human being, oi as ardent a love for free republican j|
institutions as e\er glowed in a human heart, as lj
firm a fuend to the cause of freedom as could be '!
found *in the Union; bat he was a northern man. 'i
The slave power of the country could not brook ,!
him. He failed of a reelection, lie was pros- j
trated,and for twenty-four yeais consecutively, the '
Presidency was given to the slave States, with all
its patronage and ?dl its power. ;j
I could wish, Llr. Chairmdn, that I had time to
go fully into the uiscussion of the political power '1
and influence of the stave States, in connection with
the election to ths Presidency. Fr-r forty-eight ■■
year*, out of sixty, hos the office of President been '
held by petsons ^denuded with the slave interest. :
1 he mighty power uf Executive influence has been, :
again, and egain, and again, in instances hummer- i
&o.e, invoked and used to carry measures in which ■
the slave States felt a deep interest, and adverse, ,
yea ruinous, to the great interests of the free labor j
of the country. I am precluded, by the one hour
rule, from doing so at this time.
I am compelled to hurry on to the consideration
of other matters, for the purpose of showing that
the slave power of th.e country for the last fifty
.years has governed the country, in relation to all
great and important leading political questions; and
particularly such questions as related to the ex-,
tension of slave territory and the perpetuity of the
slave institution, and the consequent overthrow of
the political rights and interests of the free people
of the free States of this Union.
In 1803, when the proposition first came up for
the purchase of Louisiana, Mr. Jefferson, after
having negotiated for the purchase, stated openly,
that the territory could not be obtained and an-
nexed to the United States without an amendment
of the Constitution. But it was obviously a most
desirable country, embracing a most salubiious
climate, and the best sod in the world. It became
almost indispensable to our great western country,
for the reason that it had control of the outlet of
the Mississippi river. This began to be seen as
early as 1804 or 1805; and the common voice of
the country assented to the purchase, under the
necessity which every person felt of having the
control ofthe mouth of the Mississippi river. The
purchase was accordingly made. Louisiana hav-
ing been, long previously, settled by a mixed pop-
ulation of French and Spanish descent, slavery
already existed there, and it was not proposed to
interrupt it in that portion of the country settled at
the time of the purchase.
But, in the year 1819 or 1820, another portion
of this country, the Territory of Missouri, which
had been in the hands of the Indian tribes up to
the time of its purchase by the United States, was
ready to come into the Union.
1 must here remark, that when the slave power
of the country once resolves upon any peculiar
measuie or policy, it always holds on to it. It
never gives buck. In the classic language of the
honorable chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, when it once gets its grip upon any
territory, it never lets go.
When the famous Missouri proposition was first
submitted to Congress, to come into the Union as
a slaveholdmg State, it was resisted by Congress;
and by a vote in the House of Representatives, the
proposition was defeated. Tne question of admis-
sion was decided against Missouri, if she insisted
, upon coming in with power to hold slaves, and
the consequent right of slave representation.
But the matter was not to be determined so. At
a subsequent time it was brought up again, and
perssevf-red m, until finally the purpose of the sla've
j power was accomplished, and the State of Mis-
souii was admitted with the institution of slavery
upon her.
It has not required hitherto any great sagacity
to be a politician in this country. The veriest tyro
may, by very little attention, be as skillful m de-
termining political lesults, whether relating to
measures or elections, as the most experienced
politician in the land. He had only to find out,
with reasonable ccrtainty, what the slave power
determines shall be done in the given case, and so
he may be sure it will be done. The rule is sim-
ple, easily understood, and subject to no embar-
rassing exceptions. 1 should like to appropriate
the rest of my hour to illustrate this, by reference
to various cases in our political history, m connec-
tion with almost every great and agitating question
which has excited the country during the last half
century. Peace and war, currency, tariff, public
lands, internal improvements, appointments to
office, questions of rejection from confirmation,
Indian negotiations and removals, each and all of
them furnish more or less examples and apt illus-
trations. Eutasthe acquisition of territory, out
of which to form slave States, has the prominent
place, and is the most palpable instance of the ,
overweening determination of the slave power to I
extend and perpetuate itself, and govern the coun-
try according to its own sovereign pleasure, I must j
confine myself to that. '
Florida was purchased and annexed. A Florida .
war was prosecuted; some twenty or thirty mil-
lions were expended in that war, and it is well :
known to every man of reflection that the chief
object of that purchase, and the subsequent expen- i
sive war to drive out a small number of wanderin® i
Indians, svas to give greater security to sla\e prop-
erty and slave power.
i come now to the consideration of another ca?e
more recent and more extraordinary, in the cir-
cumstances attendant upon its annexation, than
any that have preceded it. The committee must
indulge me while I examine it somewhat in detail.
Itisan important case, and ought to be thoroughly
understood by every American politician. If I do
not misjudge, it inflicted the deepest wound upon
the Constitution that ever has been inflicted upon
that time-honored instrument since its adoption.
It has depleted'it to the very verge of endurance.
Another such wound, only one inoie, if we can
ever imagine another administration caphbie of
making it, and my life on it, the poor, insulted,
abused Constitution, will faint and die under the
operation. I am not quite sure it can survive the
last infliction. I must be understood, by every
person who does me the honor to listen to me, to
allude to the annexation of Texas, and all the cir-
cumstances antecedent which led to it, and subse-
quent as growing out of and dependent upon it.
During the administration of Mr. Van Buren
application had been made by Texas to this Gov-
ernment to be taken into our Federal Union. Mr.
Van Buren, notwithstanding he had been elected
as a "northern man with southern principles,"
could not so far forget his oath to support the
Constitution of his own country, nor could he so
far disregard the plighted faith of this country to
Mexico, as to give his assent to the application of
Texas for admission. He was compelled to direct
his Secretary of State, Mr. Forsyth, to return a
negative answer to the application ofTexas. That
honest answer was the bowie knife which let the
life-blood out of poor Mr. Van Buren.
On the 11th of May, 1843, the last member of
the Harrison Cabinet left public employment in
the administration of John Tyler. The country
was then in a peculiar position. Mr. Tyler was
acting President without a party. The Whig
party which clccted him had left him. A com-
plete separation had taken place between them.
The great Democratic party would not adopt and
sustain either him or his measures. Now, m this
state of things, what was Mr. Tyler to do? There
was but one course left for him. That course was
obvious. He was himself identified with the great
slave interest of the country. There was in this
country a third party—a kind of " tertium quid"—
small in numbers, but powerful in talent, at the
head of which stood one of the ablest men in the
country, of the most extensive political experience
and political learning; whose whole life had been
spent in the public service, and whose private char-
acter was eminently pure and above all reproach. It
is obvious that Mr. Tyler had no alternative. It
was almost a political necessity. He was com-
pelled to throw himself into the arms of that third
party.
Mr. MEADE here  rose and addressed the
Chair.
The CHAIRMAN". Does the gentleman from
New Rampshue yield the floor?
[Several voices. " Go on, go on."]
Mr. WILSON said, I must decline yielding the
floor. I have never attempted to interrupt any
gentleman when he has been addressing the com-
mittee or the House, and I must insist on my right
to proceed without interruption.
Situated as Mr. Tyler was, he called into his
Cabinet a distinguished citizen from the gentle-
man's own State, [Mr. Upshur,] and confided to
his care the State Department. He was a gentle-
man o? eminent talents, of great legal attainments
and literary acquirements, although not exten-
sively known to the country as a politician and
diplomatist. He was understood to he in sympa-
thy with the third party to which I have alluded.
No sooner was Mr. Ty lei Cabinet made up thus,
than this Texas question was again brought under
discussion with this new feature. Texas had be-
foie applied to this Government for admission.
She had begged and implored theUnitrd States to
accept her. Now the tallies were turned. This
country went begging, soliciting, importuning Tex-
as to come and unite with us. A correspondence
was opened upon the subject, induced by the facts
stated in certain mysterious letters, which our Sec-
retary of State had received from somewhere*and
from somebody, upon the danger which was said
