1840.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
195
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Slavery in the Territories—Mr. Wilson.
Ho. os- Reps.
to be impending; over the slave interest in Texas,
arid consequently the slave interest in this country.
This correspondence was carried on between our
Secretary of State itnd a General Murphy, as I
believe, who was the agent of this Government in
Texas. Our agent was instructed to represent to
Texas, as an inducement to her to comply with our
wishes, that unless she united with the United
States, slavery could not be maintained in Texas
for ten years longer. A treaty for the annexation
of Texas was under consideration by the Secre-
tary of State and the agent of Texas; but, before
that treaty was perfected, or in condition to be
submitted to the Senate of the United States for
ratification, that eminent citizen to whom I have
referred, by a most mournful accident, while on a
steamboat pleasure trip down the Potomoc, sud-
denly ended all his negotiations upon the earth,
and was called to his last account with his Maker
above. The great head of .that third party, to
which I have referred, was called to the head of
the State Department, and addressed himself to
the completion of the treaty, until it was perfected
and sent to the Senate. But when it leached that
body, instead of having a majority of two-thirds
in its favor, (which was necessary under the Con-
stitution in order to the ratification of any treaty,)
it was rejected by a majority of two-thirds. Two-
thirds of the Senate, after deliberate investigation,
put their seal of condemnation upon that treaty;
and that vote of the Senate, as I believe, was a
very fair exhibit of the popular sentiment of the
country upon tfte subject at the time. But the
slave power did not yield to that most signal and
emphatic expression.
This was the state of affairs in regard to Texas,
when there was a certain meeting of politicians in
the city of Baltimore, in May, 1844. This scheme
for the annexation of Texas was not to be defeat-
ed. The general sentiment of the country, as ex-
pressed by the signal defeat of the treaty in the
Senate, was tieated with the most marked con-
tempt. The subject of the annexation of Texas
was brought up in Hie Baltimore Convention. It
was literally forced upon the great Democratic
party by the overbearing and violent course of
management of the southern delegates in that Con-
vention. I speak the solemn truth when I say,
that at that time, a great majority of the Demo-
cratic party at the North were opposed to the an-
nexation of Texas, I could cite an overwhelming*
mass of testimony, would time permit, from the
public newspapers of that day, from resolutions of
public bodies, and from various other sources,
upon that point, that, upon investigation, could
not leave a doubt upon any honest mind. The
whole North, of ail parties, prior to May, 1844,
were almost unanimously opposed to annexation.
But the Baltimore Convention, a self-constituted
body, coming together professedly to nominate
candidates for the Presidency and Vice Piesidency,
took the subject in hand; they made the question
wf annexation the test of party fidelity; they adopt-
ed cci tain party catch-words. "Texas and Ore-
gon" were tied together by a kind of illicit semi-
hymeneal bond. The Democratic party of the
North and West were to be cheated, humbugged,
inveigled into the support of the candidates ot that
Convention; and that done, the great North was
to be overrode by the annexation ot Texas. '*Ore-
gon" was thrown in to cheat, deceive, and impose
upon the honest Democracy of the West.
When the party managers at the Baltimore Con-
vention (and, mark you, it was subject entirely to
southern management) proposed that the question
of entire rights? and claims in Oregon should be
earned into the canvass, were they sincere; weie
they honest; did they really intend to insist upon
the whole amount of our claims in Oregon at all
hazards? Let the result answer. The western
politicians undoubtedly thought them sincere.
General Cass spoke often and vigorously in the^
Senate upon the subject, claiming the whole of
Oregon, and declaring that the administration of
Mr. Polk would insist upon the whole to 54° 40'.
He spoke undoubtmsiy of the President s purpose,
and said that England would not yield, and that
"war is inevitable." The words " war is inevi-
table," wiung through the whole country. The
phrase becamo ridiculously common throughout
the land. Another western Senator " cried aloud,
with a voice that might be heard from Capitol Hill
to the Grand Monadnock,u We will have to 54° 40f,
or we will fight " And another, still more eloquent
than either, held similar sentiments. Things went
on this way for some three months of the session
of 1845-M6, and I verily believe the western Sen-
ators and the great western Democratic party were
deceived, thoroughly overreached and imposed
upon by this southern political jugglery about
Oregon. I am led to this conclusion from a scene
I witnessed in the Senate during one of the days
about the last of February or the 1st of March,
1846. A Democratic Senator from North Carolina
[Mr. Haywood] rose calmly in his place, and
coolly, with placid countenance and gentlemanly
bearing,administered a chilling rebuke to the " war
is inevitable" 54° 401 or light men, by telling them
plainly that they misunderstood Mr. Polk alto-
gether; that he was ready to compromise the Ore-
gon boundary line upon 49°,
Sir, I can never forget that outburst of eloquent
indignation towards the President, from a western
Senator, upon this accredited announcement being
made by the honorable Senator from North Caro-
lina. <l What! (said the honorable Senator,) is it
possible the President is going to desert us r Can
it be that he will assent to the abandonment of any
part of Oregon short of 54° 40* r If he does, he will
sink to an infamy so deep that the hand of resur-
rection will not reach him."
But I must go back to the Baltimore Convention
of May, 1844, for the purpose of examining its
doings a little more minutely, and more fully to
illustrate my position that the slave power, when-
ever it resolves upon carrying any measure, never
abandons it, never lets any means escape it which
may tend to aid in the accomplishment of its pur-
pose.
Prior to the assembling of the Baltimore Con-
vention of May, 1844, who had heard the name
of James K. Polk, of Tennessee, mentioned for the
Presidency? Had it been placed at the head of
any Democratic newspaper in the country, and
kept there for any length of time before that Con-
vention? if it had, sir, I must say I had never
seen it, had never heard of it, and from that day
to the present I have not seen the first man who
had seen it, nor the first visionist who had ever
dreamed of such a thing. Who did not know that
at the assembling of that Convention " the north-
ern man with southern principles" had a large
majority of its delegates in his favor? Several of
the members from the North avowed openly that
they would go into the Convention as the uncom-
promising friends of Mr. Van Buren. But the
two-thirds rule was sprung upon the Convention,
and that killed poor Mr. Van Buren dead as a
hammer. He had written the Texas letter, and it
was found necessary to kill him off, in order to
secure the success of the slave power in accom-
plishing its purpose in the annexation of Texas.
On the first ballot it was found that Mr. Van Bu-
ren had 143 votes, while Mr. Cass had but 90.
But as the balloting continued, these candidates
so far changed sides, that while Mr. Van Buren
went down nearly to 90, Mr. Cass went up to
about 140, and then they let him go. The slave
power had accomplished its purpose—it had de-
feated Mr. Van Buren. Did the southern men
then intend to nominate General Cass? Were
they sincere in running him? No, they could ,
have done so if they had pleased. General Caps j
was then understood to be a Wilmot proviso man, j
and long after that entertained the same sentiments. ;
No, the politicians of the South were not sincere; j
they were only using General Cass, a northern ;
man, as the wood-chopper uses his beetle—they j
swung him round and round, bringing his great;
weigiit to bear, until, by repeated blows, they beat ;
the brains out of the unfortunate little Dutchman; |
and then, upon examining the tool with which j
they hud been operating:, they found it battered, I
split, shivered into splinters, and they thiew it ;
unceremoniously away, as unfit for further use. j
The ballotings foi a candidate for the Presidency j
continued through some thirty-three, thirty-four, !
or thirty-five different trials, if my .memory is ac- j
curate. The excitement became intense, if credit j
is to be given to the facts as stated by the letter- j
writers who witnessed it, and we may well infer
that from the published journal—an adjournment
took place. An artificial state of things had been
produced by the management and manceuvering of
the southern politicians. It was a point at which
they had been aiming from the commencement
Then came expressions of great concern and alarm
for the safety of the great Democratic party. Then
suggestions for a compromise—compromise, that
ill-fated word, so fatal to every northern interest,.
Compromise carried the day. All the former can-
didates were dropped, and a compromise effected
upon James K. Polk, who was nominated the next
morning. For effect he was dubbed Young Hick->
ory. On the Hag of the party was inscribed Polk
and Dallas—Texas and Oregon; it was given to the
breeze, and was successful. And I would now
ask, where is the honest northern or western Dem-
ocrat who can study this chapter of the political
history of his party, and say that he feels proud
of the record?
The election of Mr. Polk settled the question of
the annexation of Texas. Other frauds, to be
sure, had to be practised; other and deeper wounds
had to be inflicted* upon the Constitution, in order
to do it. But the electron of Mr. Polk gave to
the slaveholding-Texas-annexation party the Ex-
ecutive patronage of the Government, and the rest
was easily accomplished. Time does not permit
me to pursue this particular branch of the subject
further. *
I come now to the consideration of the general
question of the power and duty of Congress in
regard to the subject of slavery in the territories.
That Congress has the power-to legislate for the
territories, cannot admit of a reasonable doubt.
I look upon it now as merely a question of expe-
diency, whether Congress will or not legislate upon
that subject. I do not stop-to argueabout its con-
stitutionality. The time for argument on that
question has long since gone by. That power has
been exercised by Congress; has been recognized
and acted upon ever since the adoption of the Con-
stitution. If Congress can do anything for the
territories, it can make laws in relation to the
subject of slavery, to have effect within the terri-
tories, as well as anything else. Slavery cannot
existariywheie except by positive law, it being in
derogation of natural right. Now, sir, I regard
slavery as n blighting, withering curse upon every
countt y with which it is infested. It passes over
a country like a prairie fire; it burns up every
green thing on the face of the earth, and, not con-
tent with that, it penetrates into the soil itself, and
burns out its very power of productiveness. You
cannot, Mr. Chairman, look out from one of the
windows of this Capitol, in any direction, and let
your eye traverse the surrounding country, with-
out seeing convincing evidence of this truth. The
earth itself, the dilapidated buildings ami ruined
fences, become vocal in attestation of it. You can-
not walk through the public market place of this
city without seeing full and convincing proof of it.
The dumb beasts, yea, even the yokes and gears
and implements of husbandry on the slave planta-
tions all around us, speak out and bear unconvict-
ing testimony of the blighting effects of slavery.
Is this institution, then, with such characteristics
and attendant evils, to be sent into the territories
over winch Congress has jurisdiction, by the ex-
ercise of the law-making power? Or, m other
words, shall it be peirmtted to go and spread nsdf
over those tenitoiies to curse and rum them,
when Congress has the power to prevent it?
The American Colonies passed laws to restrain
the slave trade here before the Revolution, and
asked the royal approval of those laws, which the
British Kin<i, influenced bv the bnse and sordid
motives of his Enshsh subjects, withheld. The
colonists, seventy-five years ago, were loud in their
condemnation of tfie King for withholding-his ap-
proval. Shall we, the members of an Amuican
Congress, in a free republican government, m this
age of Christian light and Caiistmn philantlnopy,
shall we send an institution to curse and ciush the
people of our territories, of which our fatheis
justly complained of thpir governors tor sending
upon them three-fourths of a ccnimy gone by?
Congress, it was said the other day by the gen-
tlemanfrom Virginia, [Mr. Preston.] held only a
trust power for the territories—a mere temporary
power, which we must soon surrender. Very
well; I agree to that: but 1 maintain that Confess
is bound"; m good faith, to take due and ptoper
c^re of the estate while it is in possession for the
benefit of the cestui que trust. The trustee is not
