1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
199
30th Cong 2d Sess.
The Coast Survey—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
ten or twelve hundred dollars,
thus:
Coast Survey*
A. D* Bacliii, superintendent   ■ •
Edmund fount, assistant.. 
p. H. Girder,
Cv M- Eakm,
W. M. Boj ce,
John Fai ley,
J. J. S Ha-sler,
H. L. Whiting,
R. H. Fauntleroy,
E. D. Cults,
J. C. NeiNon,
C. O. ttoutette,
J S Wilham«,
George D. Wise,
J. B. Giuek,
J. £. fliljard,
A W. Lonsfellow,
The list stands
  $4,500
  3,500
do 2 500
do  2-000
do 2,000
do  2 000
$210,000 a year, and this coming from the naval
appropriations proper. This is the table:
Annual expense of the Hydro graphical department of the
Coast Survey; shoivwg the names and number of vessels,
officers, seamen, employed therein, under the iupeiin^
ten.de/ice of Projessor Bache.
1,50.) ]
1,500 !
1,500;
. 1,300
1,300
, 1,300
1  )0
, ]'.0D0
. l',00J
600
600
do  
do 
do  
do 
do 
do   
do 
do   
do 
do 
W. M. C. Faitfax,'draughtsman  1,500
M. J- McClery, "do  6°°
S. C. Walker, computer    0
Theo W. Warner, do  1^00
Eus. Nulty, do 
Sam. Hem, disbursing offieei 2,0j0
I do not know of the law which fixes either the
number or compensation of these assistants, nor
do I knotf that Congress has ever troubled itself
to inquire into their existence-, but if our superin-
tendent was in England, the question which I have
read shows that there would be an inanity. But
the coast survey proper is not the only expense
that goes along with it; we have a weight and
pleasure business that seems to be part and parcel
of the coast survey, and destined to last as long,
and which Mr. Hassler was to overlook without
compensation after he became astronomer to the
coast survey. The Blue Book shows this item in
relation to these weights and measures, which cer- ;
tainly have been weighing and measuring money j
out of the treasury for a long time: j
Weights and Measures. j
A- D. Bache, superintendent   .$1,500
J. Saxton, assistant and foreman 2,000
Mr. President, the cost of this coast survey has
been very great, and is becoming greater-every j
year, and, expanding as it does, must annually
get further from its completion. The direcC up- j
propriations out of the treasury exceed a million .
and a half of dollars, besides the $186,000 now m j
the bill which I propose to reduce to $30,000.
Here is a list of the direct appropriations. Ihey
begin small, but increase as they go. Thus.
? ? ? ? ? 7- .■ ? - 3 3 5
*3-5Ji1*!2OS53 2 S 3
W to (O c
co ra v> o c
-•bccc
O C5 o © z
c - c ~ c
Butden.
C. O0)03)C)05a)©ooc:
tsss
Onginal cost.
Number of officers.
Pay of ofiiucis.
fO IV to vt to to
  © O © !
Numlu i oi
hieincri,
vani-.
 eo men,
and bei-
W W W M W w Ji. C5 M -•! -1 -J X
o"VJ '"X 0 E*
ooc2j^<J'Oooooo^i^
ocuScboicoos^;
SS3
Dates of appropriations.
Amount.
1807 Februiuv 10 $50,000 00
181 February 25, reappropriatioft  49,284 2o
i a i Anni lA (Jy 0 4
16JG, Apni 36,
1816, April 27 
sSi),7
54.72^ ft'
20,000 00
SSjSg
Pay of PCAmen,
men, &.c.
Fuel and oil.
Contingencies.
Annual expense.
gers and privations. It is thus the paper speaks
of him:
  Dr. liocke has, for years, devoted much time and mental
and physical labor to the investigation of terrestrial magnet-
ism. He has traversed the wild regions of the upper lakes,
resolutely haz&rdifig the exposures and dangers of navigating
thocie {s>toimy inland seas,'in an open boar, for thousands
of miles.
" He has, for weeks and months, 'camped out' on the
giound, frequently rain-drenched: and otten deseited in the
woods, t>y capricious Indian as-nst.mt^, and noturifn quentiV
conspired again&t and maltreated, while making his \vay
; tlnoiigh tangled and trackless forests—at all tunes furnish-
ing lus own iiibiuuuenis. and paying Ish own expenses.
! " Few men would perfoim the same day labor and night
■ fJtudy, endure the «aine hardships, and embrace the same
1 .dinger*, m the putsuit of *eieimiic discoveries and inven-
I tiooj-, lor ten timer; the pecuniary n.inpcnviuon which t>r,
! Locke will receive b\ the pioposed appiopnaticm,
! "Since wilting the above, and a-> appiopiiate to the case,
i we annex the following, « hie h wt-have lound in the remarks
I of Colonel Sabine, Vich President ol the Royal Society, in
i repaid to Dr. Locke, and his experiments.
} "Colonel Sabine introduces i'tofes&or Locke's observa-
; tions with the following prefatory remark*:
'< '• 'From l)i. Locke, olSCmcmnati, I have received the re-
I suit of a vt-ry extensive scries of observations of the Inclma-
! uon and Force, On which he has been engaged for eight
I ycaif, (IfCitf to 1815, inclusive,) comprehending the determi-
I nation of hot!) elements, at about one bundled Mations, dis-
■ tributedm longitude from the seaboard ol the United Stales
■ to the Mi-si-^ippi nvei, and in latitude from thirty-eight to
, foitv-e««iht degree*. It!-, \n (act, a niagnetical san vev of the
[i Tnclinaiioo and Foiceol'tlie nort!i%v<'<t<'rn and notthca&tein
;■ St'Ui * ot the Union, conducted hv an individual on his ovni
'• uri'd^ed resources, and one ol tlie'mai.^ notable instances of
- private rt;-eaich, elicited by the impulse and sj^temaiie di-
rection winch have b« en given oi late years to the stu{ly of
mafTt,eti>m."— Contributions to Ten estri<d M<:$nclhm> Part
imJl84G."
And are we to presume our nava! officers incom-
petent to the conduct of this coast survey when it
has produced such men as these—when it may-
contain in its bosom we know not how many more
such? In 1807 we had no navy—we may say
none, for it was small, and going down to noth-
ing. Then, it mi^ht be justifiable to employ an
astionomer. In 1832, the navy had fought itself
into favor; but Mr. Hosier, the father of the
coast survey, was stiil alive, and it was justifiable
to employ him as an astronomer. But now there
Thus, sir, the navy does a good deal, and pays
a good deal, towards this coast survey; and my  ,..  
on'lv objection is, that it does not do the whole, ji is no need for a civil .astronomer, much less for a
and pay the whole, and get the credit due to their j; civil superintendent; and the who.e work should
work instead ot* being, as they now are, unseen ji go to the navy. We have naval schools now for
i.nnnficed—ecliDsed and cast into the shade by Ij the instruction of officers; we have ofheors with
l^MaVch S    20.000 00
1? 4 June 27    ^i000 00
1KT,' pJirn-irv 1V   S0-W0 U0
M-iv™  :::::::: su,o;o 09
1H37 MlrchS   60,000 00
l7.lv 7     90'|i00 00
iW9 M ch3  • a^.ooo ou
M 8     10a'0lW 00
JSti'S. 1'^  "   100,000 00
iftM vtvCH  • ■ •   1UI)'000 110
^ 5 %'  .... l«0,0i 0 00
Match 3    80,000 00
18t4, June 17....      100,000 00
Y t'lli     111,000 00
j?1, ; ; i   .. 14 t.000 OU
   165,0.10 00
ib48, August     
1,605,<25 39 !
and unnoticed—eclipsed and cast into the shade by
the civil superintendent and his civil assistants.
I have shown you that in Great Britain the Bu-
reau of Ordnance and Hydrojjiaphy is chaiged with
the coast^urvey: we have the same bureau, both
by law and in fact; but that bureau lias only a
divided, and 1 believe, subordinate part ot the coast
, survey. We have the expense of it, and that ex-
! pense should be added to the expense of the coast
i survey. Great Britain has no civil superintendent
the laudable ambition to instruct themselves. The
American charactei, ardent in everything, is pre-
eminently aident m the pursuit of Ifnowledge. In
every walk of life, from the highest to the lowest,
from the most humble mechanical to the highest
: professional employment, knowledge is a pursuit,
I and a laudable object of ambition with a great
j number. We are ardent in the pursuitof wealth—
.am ima „„ o.v  SUF .....v  ! equally so in the pursuit of science. The navy par-
for this business We have her law, but not her |; takes of this laudable amoition. You will seei an
practice and my motion is, to come to her practice. immense number of the naval officers, of all ages and
h„i. the whole amount of the of all ranks, devoting themselves, with all the ardor
of young' students, for the acquisition of know!-
IZl aSSVoTt^ exp^hlch are all these^ the whole naval profession
™idPKg upou the navy. The ien and offi- -to be told that none of them are able to conduct
cers are under pay, and would be glad to have the
I work to do. Our naval establishment is now very
large, and but little to do. The ships, I suppose,
are about seventy; the men and officers tome ten
thousand; the expense of the wnole establishment
between eight and nine millions of dollars a year.
We are in a state of profound peace, and no way
the coast survey, none of them able to execute the
act of 1807, none of them able to find shoals and
islands within twenty leagues of the coast, to
sound a harbor, to take the distance and bearings
of headlands and capes—and all this within sixty
miles of the shore ? Are they to be told this ? It
they are, and it could be told with truth, it woura
be time to go to reducing
];ut it cannot be said
Deduct amounts earned to the surplus fund,
 sS«,28't 23
.1" 
In    m
In    2>o6j
t0 employ this large naval lorcc. |'; ^7^.° The" naval Officers can, not only exe-
98,*107 57 I
3.509 317 8-3 j
These are the direct appropriations; but they
Are only half, or less than half the actual expense
of this' survey. The indirect expenses are much
greater than the direct appropriations; and with-
out pretending to know the whole extent of them,
I think I can show a table which will go as lugn
as §210,000 for the last year.   It has been seen,
that the superintendent (for 1 suppose that astron-
omer is no longer the recognized title, although
the legal one) is authorized to get from 'he Treas-
ury Department quantum sujficd of men and ships.
Accordingly, for the last year tne numoer of ves-
sols was thirteen—the number of men and officeis
576—and the cost of supporting the whole about
I upon the coast survey.       .
|! a—that they feel humiliated at being supposed m
'I competent to it-arid if found to be so, are willing
to pay the penalty, by being dismissed the sei u .e.,
II Incompetency is the only ground upon which a
Civil superintendent and a list of civil assistants,
can be placed over them. And is that objection
i' well founded? Look to Maury, wnose name is
: the synonym of nautical and astronomical science
i! Look to that Dr. Locke, once on the medical s^f
:■ of the navy, and now pursuing a careeiol science
in the West, from which has resulted that dis-
i; covery of the magnetic clock and telegraph regis-
!i ter which the coast survey now uses, and wii en
! an officer of the navy (Captain Wilkes) was the
1 first to apply to the purposes for which it is now
j o''*' tn  isn«p nt the name ot
used. oir.
cute the act of ISO", but they can do anything, if
it was proper tn do it, which the present coast sur-
vey is en-aged m over and beyond that act. They
can do anytVinz that the British officers can do;
and the British naval officers conduct the coast sur-
vey of that great empire. ,We have many that
' can do anything that Rear Admiral Beaufort can
do, and lie lias conducted the British coast survey
I for twenty years, and has stood examinations
' before select eoihnuttces of the British Louse ot
' Commons, which have showed that no civil super-
: intendent was necessary to guide him.
I Mr. President, we have a larg , and almost an
j idle navy at ptesent. We have a home squad-
ron like tiie British, though we do not live on an
ri feelUbouHnTto"^'at the name of , island, and in.times. sulyect to a descent, like
Dr. Locke, and to quote from a Cincinnati paper a i
pain/t . , England from Spain in the tune of the ni vmcnble
notice of his «ient o«, pursued, not m pub- Armada, or from tl.Baltic m
.'111,1 if- lauoi •- i < •
lie office and under Government patronage, and in
the of city life, but at his own expense, . g
in the remote woods anu wilds, and aimds
and Hardicanute. Our home squadron has notn-
<>■ to do, unless it can be put on the coast survey.
' ' a Mediterranean squadron; but there aie
