200
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 17,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
The Coast Survey—Mr. Pearce.
Senate.
no longer pirates in the Mediterranean to be kept in
cheek. We have a Pacific squadron, and it has
no enemy to watch in the Pacific Ocean. Give
these squadrons employment—a part of them at
least. Put them on the coast survey, as many as
possible, and have the work finished—finished for
(he present age as well as for posterity. We have
been forty years about it;,and, the way we go on,
rjjay be forty more. The present age wants the
benefit of these surveys, and let ns accelerate them
by turning the navy upon them—as much of it as
can be properly employed. Let us pqt the whole
work in the hands of the navy, and try the ques-
tion whether or not they are incompetent to it.
ijidr. PEARCE. Mr. President, I differ widely
from the Senator from Missouri. My views are
altogether different from those which he lias just
presented. 1 believe that the United States coast
survey, as it is now organized, as it is now carried
on, has not grown up in defiance of any act of
Congress. I believe it is in strict conformity with
the original ff"ct of Congress authorizing the com-
mencement of the coast survey, and with the sub-
sequent act authorizing its continuance; strictly in
conformity with the objects of that survey, as de-
scribed generally in the laws authorizing it, and
with the special objects which were left by those
laws at the discretion of the President; strictly in
conformity not only with the interests of science,
but.with the great interests of commerce and nav-
igation.
Sir, this work was due not only to science, but
to ourselves—due to that commerce which pours
into our treasury nine-tenths of all its revenue,
which you distribute in a thousand channels
t'hioughout the land; due to the navigation which
conducts that commerce, and which furnishes us
with the very best defences our country can have
against fciieign aggression. We know that the secu-
rity of all the property invested in foreign commerce
and our coastwise commerce too, depends upon
the accuracy with which that work is performed.
We know that the lives of our maViners, who are
constantly engaged in the most perilous of all occu-
pations, likewise depend upon the accuracy with
which that work is accomplished. And I believe
that this work has been so conducted, that, while
it has been in strict conformity with the law, it has
advanced in the very highest degree the interests
of commerce and navigation. Let us look at the
■law, and see whether it .is so very limited in Us
object as the Senator from Missouri supposes. I
find that the act of 1807 reads as follows:
" Be it enactThat the President nfthf* United States
fdiidl bo, and lie is hereby, authorized arid requested to cause
asurvo) robe taken of the coa>t of the United States, in
which klinil bo dcvimialed the islands and ^iio.ib, With the
roads or places of audiotape, wilhm twenty leagues of any
pan of the shore of th« United States ; and also the les-pict-
ive courses and dmanee-s between the principal capes, or
headland-', together with fhch othpr mailers at he may deem
proper for completing an accurate chait oi every part of.the
coast within the extent aloies.iid." ' 1
This is the genera] designation of the objects of
this survey, it Is not limited to pointing out the
islands and shoals which may exist within twenty
leagues of the coast. It is not confined to the
mere ascertainment of the principal capes and
headlands!, hut it embraces all such other matters
as the President, in his large discretion, may think
should come within the proper scope of such a
survey as this.
Again, by the third section of the act of 1807,
the President was '4 authorized and requested to
4 cause proper and intelligent persons to be em-
£ ployed to carry out any of the purposes of the
' act." He was not limited as to the number of
persons to be employed. He was not restricted
as to the character of the individuals, or the nature
of their -professions or pursuits. It mattered not
whether they were astronomers, engineers, or
otherwise. Hut in the express language of the
acl, he is "authorized and requested, for any of
* the purposes aforesaid, to cause proper and in-
telligent peisons to be employed, and also such '
* public vessels m actual service as he may judge >
' expedient, and to give such instructions for regu- 1
* lating their conduct as to him may appear prooer,
* according to the tenor of this act." So much for ■
the scope of that law as to the employment of per- -
sons to carry on this work.
tan*?1 ^uJ£iier: r-^e act of 1832 revives the act of :
leu/, and authonzes the President of the United
States, " in and about the execution of the said
i act, to use'all maps, charts, books, instruments,
' and apparatus whicl\ now, or hereafter may be-
•long to the-United States, and employ all per-
s sons in the land or naval service of the United
s States, and such astronomers and other persons as
' lie shall deem proper."
The Senate will perceive that the very largest
discretion is given to the President in regard to
this matter, and it was rightly given, it would
not have been proper for Congress to lay down the
details of a plan for observations &o delicate and
so complicated as those necessary to the survey
of the coast of the United States. That was wisely
and properly left to the discretion ot the President.
And the President, in the exercise of that dis-
cretion, began by directing the Secretary of the
Treasury to acquire the information necessary to
the successful presccution of the survey, and to
consult highly distinguished scientificroen thiough-
out the country as to the plan upon which this im-
portant undertaking was to be pursued. The Sec-
retary did so, and adopted the plan of a geodetic
survey submitted by Mr. Hassler, subsequently
sending him abroad to procure instruments for ex-
ecuting the work. This done, Mr. Hassler, when
ready to commence the survey in 181G, was em-
ployed to conduct us operations under the designa-
tion of "superintendent." And, sir, the President
departed from neither the letter nor the spirit of any
la-w when he appointed a superintendent of the
coast survey. A work of such importance, magni-
tude, and delicacy, and of such a complicated char-
acter, could not have been conducted in any manner,
much less conducted properly, unless under the
supervision of one intelligent head, and that intel-
ligent head must needs be 44 superintendent," no
matter by what name designated. And Congress
have recognized the propriety of this designation
by their legislation. It is now a common term m
the legislation of the country. And the term "su-
perintendent of the coast survey5' has not "stolen"
into the language of our statute books. It was
brought in openly, properly, intelligently, and it
would have been rather a matter of surprise than
otherwise if that word had not been used by the
Executive and by Congress too.
The-act of Congress of March 3d, 1843,directed
the reorganization of the mode of executing the
survey, upon a plan to be recommended by a board
designated in the law. This plan of reorganiza-
tion was completed, accoiding to the provisions of
the law, befoieMr. Bache became supeiintendent;
was submitted to and approved of by the Presi-
dent, and has furnished the general rules for the
conduct of the survey; referring to the department
charged with the survey the employment of the
civilians engaged on them, the pay to be allowed
thcm,aiid providing for filling vacancies occurring
thereafter in the scientific department of the survey.
The Senator from Missouri seems to suppose
that the sole object of the coast survey was what
may be termed hydrographical, and he seems to
think, that because su<Jh was its supposed object,
the whole woik comes peculiarly and solely within
the province of the navy. Sir, I do not so under-
stand it. I apprehend that the Congress which
passed this law must have understood the general
principles upon which great works like this have :
always been regulated in other countries. The i
letter of Mr. Gallatin to the individuals whom he ]
consulted as to the plan for the coast survey, shows I
that he knew perfectly well what the language of '
science was upon this subject, and that in framing
this plan, which has been'carned out, and not de-
parted from from that day up to the present time,
he was following out those rules which scientific
men, acquainted with the subject, had decided to !
be the best for conducting such an operation. I
Mr. President, the primary objcct of the coast ,
survey is to make an accurate map on which shall r
be delineated the whole coast of the United States !
—not the principal capes and headlands only, but :
the whole coast, with all its indentations and
sinuosities, including those objects, whether on
the shore or off the shore, the knowledge of which
may^be of any sort of value to navigation. This
is a work wnich cannot be done either by ordi-
nary kind surveying or by ordinary oti'-shore
surveying. It is a work of the highest science.
It requires the very best ability, the most com-
plete and refined observations, the use of the most
'delicate instruments, the nicest and most complex
calculations—astronomical as well as ordinary trig-
onometrical calculations. The processes by which
the latitude and longitude of any point on the
earth's surface are calculated are the very nicest
of all the processes known to science—processes,
perhaps, not perfectly completed at this day. And
I may say of the coast survey under Mr. Bache—
as indeed when under Mr. Hassler—that it has
not only kept up with all the inventions and im-
provements of science in other countries, but it
has surpassed them. The learned and able gen-
tlemen engaged in prosecuting this work have
made discoveries of their own, have invented new
instruments, new processes, by which more prccise
results are arrived at in the various scientific cal-
culations connected with their undertaking; and
many of their inventions and discoveries have at-
tracted the notice and won the admiration of the
scientific world, and will render our country illus-
trious for all time. To delineate accurately the
coast of the United States, according to the opinion
of all scientific and practical men, requires, as I have
said, the highest scientific and practical abilities;
for this, though a practical, is not a plain business,
as the Senator from Missouri assumes. It is not
a business which can be performed by every officer
of the navy, or by one-tenth, or by one-twentieth
part of the officers of the navy, if I know anything
of their abilities for such a wotk. I know many
of them who are no more competent to perform
this work than I am myself, and I am utterly in-
competent. I know very few naval officers who
are competent for this business, and those few
have been trained and rendered competent by their
labors in this service, under the present accom-
plished and efficient superintendent of the coast
survey and his learned predecessor. The profes-
sion of the naval .officer does not require the pro-
found scientific education which these duties de-
mand, and that period of life usually devoted to
such studies is passed by them in acquiring nauti-
cal knowledge. From sixteen to twenty-two, when
the foundation of this knowledge is laid with all
professional men, they are commonly -on the ocean,
without the means of, or the leisure for, this scien-
tific training. Therefore, though theie are many
gallant and generally intelligent men among our
naval officers, it is not tO be wondered at that they
do not furnish the kind or degree of acquirement
requisite for the higher operations of the coast
.survey. There are some brilliant exceptions' to
this-general rule, but they are only exceptions.
in the army there is necessarily more mathemat-
ical and astronomical science, and it has been
availed of in the coast survey, which, indeed, has
been a capital school for the further improvement
of our young officers.
In relation to the navy, as well as the army, I
may say, that they have not been idle, even since
the war with Mexico has been brought to a close.
Large and increasing demands are made upon them
for the protection of our commerce in every part
ot the world; and I think that the leisure allowed
them is nothing more -than a reasonable relief from
the common hardships and perils of their profes-
sion.
There are very few whose attention has been
drawn to the operations of this survey, and per-
haps it may be well to give some explanation of
the process.
^ The operation begins with a series of triangula-
tlons, so called, by fixing upon a number of promi-
nent points on the coast, some of them at large
distances, and connecting these points by trigo-
nometrical operations upon a large scale, it ig
then necessary to include in the fust another series
of secondary and tertiary triangles, correcting and
verifying the whole by astronomical observations
of the greatest nicety.
The Senator from Missouri seems to suppose'
that the superintendent of the coast survey has
violated the law by establishing an observatory for
the purpose of making astronomical observations.
Not at all. Ever^ astronomical observatioo that
has been made by the superintendent, has been
necessary for the determination of the latitude and
longitude of places or points of the survey, which
it was requisite to have fixed and precisely known.
Sir, I scarcely think it needful to give the Senate
any authority for these statements, but I can easily
do so. I will read a paragraph from an article in
