1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
303
30th Cong 2d Sess.
The Coast Survey—Mr. Athcrton.
Senate.
the Department. I have before me the testimony
of learned societies and of learned men, and 1 find
one single sentiment to pervade them all.
The superintendent, sir, is not always in the
field, it is true. He cannot always be in the field,
but he is in the field for eight months in the year,
conducting and superintending the observations—
always when in the field, making - astronomical
and gcodetic observations himself. Indeed, when-
ever there is any difficult process to be carried out,
such as measuring a base line, for which purpose
his ingenious apparatus has commanded the ad- |
miration of the scientific world, he always person- i
ally attends to it. But he cannot be m all the j
points of the survey at once. In the neighborhood •
where he is, he always makes all the more im- ;
portant observations himself. It is true that he 1
has a number of assistants. But the scale upon j
which his plans are pursued, and which I may say 1
has received the approval not only of the President j
of the United States, but of Congress, requires all :
the assistants allowed him. The specific details
of all their work are regulated by instructions di- 1
rectly from him. , Mr Bache has furnished every
year a full account of his operations to the depart- 1
merit and Congress. He has concealed nothing.
He is not only a man of profound scientific abil- ,
jty, disciplined m the severest school of study j
. known in the United States, but he has matured 1
and improved his earlier acquisitions since his ar- ;
rival at manhood, by the most diligent research, ,
perseveringly pursued at home and carefully pros-
ecuted abroad, and indeed by every means known j
to the philosophic scholar. To all this ability ;
and acquirement, he adds a simplicity of character !
which becomes the philosopher, which not only j
sheds a grace upon hirn, but secures for him the ,
fullest confidence of alt who know him.
Such a man could not and would not conceal 1
anything from Congress and the public; and ac-
cordingly he.has developed m the fullest manner,
and to the minutest point, all his plans and opera-
tions. With a full knowledge, therefore, of all
they could desire to know, Congress has made the
appropriations asked for, and has thus sanctioned
the nidnnei, the means, and the extent of the coast
survey as conducted at the present time.
I think a work so interesting to science as this,
so incalculably valuable to the country, so honor-
able to the superintendent, his assistants, and all
concerned, should not be changed or checked,
more especially m this manner.
I trust that the old exploded system of detached
§nd imperfect surveys will not be resumed. That
system has uniformly ended in disappointment
and failure, and the present is the only one worthy
of Congress and the country.
The Senate adjourned.
Monday, February 19, 1849. |
The Senate resumed the consideration of the ,
bill, and the question being on the motion submit- ;
ted by Mr. Benton— ;
Mr. ATHERTON rose to address the Senate. ;
Mr. Foote. Will the Senator give way for a ;
moment, and allow me to olfer an amendment: I ,
simply wish to present it now, in order to move j
that it be printed. . j
• Mr. Atiierton. I will certainly give way for :
that purpose, but I really hope that the bill can be ,
passed before the amendment can be printed, for 1 ,
hope that it may be passed to-day. ,
Mr. Foote then sent to the Secretary s table |
the amendment which he intended to oiler, and i
which, on his motion, without being read, was s
ordeied to be printed. j
Several Senators. What is the purport of .
the amendment? .. j
Mr. Foote. It is simply to ingraft the leading ,
features of the bill for the establishment of a gov- 1
ernment in California upon this bill by the appro-
priations for the purpose of carrying into eftect
such governments. ,
Mr. ATIIERTON then resumed the floor, ana
addressed the Senate as follows:
After the remarks of the. Senator from Maryland,
I shall certainly not undertake to go at large into
the subject of the amendment offered by the bena-
tor from Missouri. But, sir. while 1 feel under
much obligation to that Senator for the compliment
which he was pleased to pay me in approving the
attempts which I had made to arrest amendments
offered to appropriation bills which go to alter the
laws of the United States, or whose object is to
change the system of government as now estab-
lished by Jaw, and which do riot properly belong
to appropriation bills, I think 1 cannot better de-
serve the co'mphment than by resisting his amend-
ment, the very object of which is* to alter in an
appropriation bill a system established by law,
founded in law, and regulated by law as thoroughly
as any part of the Government, as any part of the
transactions of the Government, as any bureau of I
the Government,*or any department of the Gov- j
ernment. 1
Sir, the object of the Senator's amendment is to j
change the law, to repeal the law which now !
establishes the coast survey; to revive another law J
which has been repealed, and to alter the whole j
system as now established by law. If theie are j
any abuses in the coast survey as now conducted, ,
if it requires examination, if it requires modified- .
tion or alteration, this ought to be done in the most ,
calm and deliberate manner; it ought to receive the
investigation of a committee, with power to enter
into a lull examination of the subject in all its bear- ;
ings; and it seems to me, sir, that it is an entire '
departure from the principle which leceived the ,
sanction, and propeily received the sanction of1
the Senator from Missouri, to undertake, by an
amendment to an appropriation bill, to do what his j
amendment proposes to do. It is conced'ed on all J
hands that this is a most important object, that of
the coast survey; there is no doubt of that. That
object is now carried on in pursuance of law, in a ;
manner regulated by law, and we might just as !
well in an appropriation bill attack our system of ■
pensions, ^epeai the law on that subject., and estab- i
Jish another system m its stead; we might just as ;
well abolish one of our departments, and substi- ;
tute something new m its place; we might as well
abolish one of our bureaus, and substitute another; ,
we might as well provide for disbanding some of
the officers of our navy and army; we might with ,
just as much propriety do this, it seems to me, as j
to attack this system in this incidental mannei—a j
system, as I have stated, that is established and ;
regulated by law. Therefore, aside from any ob- !
jection which arises as to the manner m which the ,
work is carried on; aside from any objection to the !
amendment drawn from the fact of the importance
i of the objection, and fiom the fact that u is earned
! on, as 1 believe, m a more efficient manner than it
1 ever r.as been before, I conceive theie aieinsuptr-
] abhJ objections to attacking this s\stem m this way,
! and this amendment does not belong to an appro-
i pnauon bill; but if the system is to be modified at
I all, it ought to be done by a separate bill, which
should receive the examination and the deliberate
examination of some committee of the Senate.
it is said, sir, that this coast survey belongs to
the Bureau of Oidnance and Hydiography. Sir,
the Bureau of Ordnance and Hydrography was
established long posterior to fche time when the
coast survey was organized under its present sys-
tem. It has for its object purposes altogether aside
from those of the coast survey. Nautical survey-
ing is only a pait of the object whicn was origin-
ally contemplated in the establishment oi this
coast survey. It is not to be expected that the
respectable head of the Bureau of Oidnance and
Hydrography and his clerks would be sufficient
to carry on the coast survey. It is acknowledged
on all hands that it requires men of the highest
scientific attainments, men of the highest pro-
ficiency in science, to carry on its operations.
Again, why should this coast suivey be under
the superintendence of the navy rather than of the
army? If theie are men of science in the navy,
are there not also men of science in the army.'1 Our
onginal plan of survey contemplated the employ-
ment of officers of the army and navy also. If the
officers of the navy have a right to feel chagrin and
mortification that this coast survey is not under
their direction, why should not the officers ot the
army feel chagrined and mortified also.' May they
not come and say to us, why have you passed us
by, why have you neglected us, especially as you
have educated us at West Point Academy. There
are officers in the army who arc scienuhc men,
and they have the same reason to feel chagimeu
and mortified that the officers of the navy have
that they have not the control of this work. IjU
it seems to me that these respectable gentlemen,
the officers of the navy—and I respect them for
their scientific attainments as well as for their gal-
lantry in their profession—it seems to me they
have reputation enough for science, and they ought
to be satisfied with it, without entertaining any
jealousy of the advancement of other scientific
gerulemen. They have no need to be actuated by
such motives. It cannot conduce to their reputa-
tion to be actuated by such motives, and I appre-
hend they are not. Sir, I am of the opinion that
this coast survey was originally organized on the
most efficient plan, which wa's, to bring scientific
men in civil life, in connection with the officers of
the army and navy, or such officers and men as
could be properly spared from their regular duties,
to assist in the prosecution of this work." And it
is only saying that you shall have an efficient pros-
ecution of the work by this means; indeed, expe-
rience shows us that this is true. Sir, I do not
know that there is anything piactically incompati-
ble with the highest attainments in science, m the
pursuit of the officers of the navy, or in the occu-
pation of the officers of the army. It is very much
to the credit of any gentleman belonging to either
of these blanches if he has attained a reputation
for the highest attainments in science; but 1 must
say, that li they have become eminent in the high-
est degree for such attainments, it is not that they
: belong to the army or navy, but it is m spite of'
their employment; for their employment in either
of those branches will tend rather to impede than
to facilitate their progress in the ultimate attain-
ments of scientific knowledge in its highest"
branches, as much as the profession of law, or of
politics, or any other occupation. It redounds to
their credit then, that, notwithstanding these ob-
structions, they have attained so much reputation
in scientific pursuits.
Sir, when this coast survey was first organized,
we "did not bend to Europe for a commodore to
take charge of it; we sent for Mr. Hassler, who
was eminent throughout Europe for his scientific
attainments. Sir, it seems to me that the officers
of our army and navy migntwell be satisfied wiih
possessing t^e reputation of Nelson or the Duke of
Wellington. But who would have selected either
of those individuals as superintendent of a coast
survey? Who supposes that even they, whose
reputations were so great—the one as a great naval,
i and the other as a great military commander—
possessed that sort of science necessaiy m super-
intending such a survey ? No one, sir. And it is no
; disparagement to the officers of the navy that they
i are not solely and alone employed in this work.
The Senator from Missouri seems to suppose that
- this belonged to the Bureau of Hydrography alone.
| The original establishment of the coast survey
I proves that this was not the case. The original
I instructions of Mr. Gallatin show that this was
| not the ease. Officers of the navy were brought
i in to assist in the survey, in that portion of it which
I belongs to nautical survey, to take the bearings of
; cunents and tides and the soundings of shoals,
and ail those things that belong to nautical survey.
The officeis of the army could be advantageously
employed on shore; and it requires the highest
degree of science, too, if we combine these two,
to direct them, to teach the use of the instruments,
and to combine the results of all their observa-
tions, so that the work shall be completed in the
manner that was originally designed. 1 need only
refer to the oiigmal law to show that this was .the
, case
! The Senator from Missouri has stated that here
' is a departuic from the original design of the law;
that it was contemplated that the navy should be
, employed, and here we have civilians employed,
i Why, nothing can be more general than the terms
; of the law of 1807. What was the practice under
: Mr- Hasslcr, which has been ref'eired to by the
' Senator from Missouri? It was to employ civil-
j lans together with officers of the army and navy.
' In 1807, the law which 1 have referred to as being
' general in itsterms was passed. Mr. Hassler was
| sent for, and he went to Europe to procure instru-
1 ments, and was detained there several years in
procuring the necessary instruments for carrying
i on the coast survey. Now, this very lact shows
! that it was no departure from the plan originally
i contemplated, because the instruments which Mr.
! Hassler went abroad to obtain were the jnsiru-
