1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2 OB
80th Cong 2d Sess.
The Coast Survey—Mr. Jefferson Davis.
^Senate.
"proper and intelligent persons to be employed,
and also such of the public vessels in actual service
as he may judge expedient."
So far as the navy could be employed under this
law, it must be constructively, from the use of the
term " public vessels m actual service," which
might apply to the revenue vessels as well as to
those of the navy.
When Mr. Hassler was appointed superintend-
ent for this work, one of his early difficulties was
that the officers were not, technically speaking,
under his orders; and after the work was discon-
tinued and revised, Mr. Hassler, in 1832, wrote a
letter which contained the clause that the superin-
tendent of the coast survey, the astronomer, or
■whatever he was called, should make actual observ-
ations in the field; that he should give orders and
instructions to the officers of parties, and thus to
guard against such a condition of things as had
led to his former difficulty. It was to give him
authority,.and to avoid being reduced to the head
of a bureau, instead of having an opportunity in
the field to illustrate the science which he believed
himself to possess. It was his ambition to be in
the field, as it is that of the present superintendent.
He did not wish, as a mere bureau officer, as head
of the department, to receive the reports of parties
in the field. He wished to make astronomical ob-
servations, and to connect himself with the trian-
gulation of the coast. These were not the terms
imposed upon, but those sought by, Mr. Hassler,
as a man of science. Has it been changed? Have
there been any variations from the duties assigned
to the superintendent? If so, have they not been
constantly increasing his field labors?
In the year 1832, when the system of 1807 was
,revived, we find distinct provision for the employ-
ment of officers of the army and navy. The Pres-
ident is authorized to " employ all persons in the
land and naval service" for the survey of the coast,
" and such astronomers and other persons as he
shall deem proper." Now, the navy was specifi-
cally connected by law with the hydrography of
the survey. During Mr. Spencer's administra-
tion of the Treasury Department an organization
was adopted giving the superintendent the pow-
ers which the present superintendent now exer-
cises. Did this constitute a bureau? If so, it was
a bureau of Mr. Hassler's. But, Mr. President,
can that be a bureau which is a mere temporaly
employment? This is a mere temporary employ-
ment, without a fixed salary, and without commis-
sion of office. The whole ground on which Mr.
Hassler claimed a right to continue in employment
was, that the terms of his letter being accepted,
constituted a contract. It was not a buieau then;
it is not a bureau now. It was an office then, to
which reports were made for examination, and re-
sults sent for computation; it is the same now,
and in the same building, as in Mr. Hassler's time.
What change, then, has been made m the organi-
zation?
1 said, Mr. President, that the duties discharged
were of the same character; but they have become
more extended. The present superintendent
passes about eight months of the year in the field,
engaged in* astronomical observations, in triangu-
lation, in magnetic observations, an measurement
of bases upon which tnangulauons rest. Last
year he was in North Carolina, Maryland, and
New Hampshire; and the year before he was in
Massachusetts, Maine, Mississippi, Louisiana,
and Alabama—thus stretching his observations
over the whole breadth of the Union. Last sum-
mer he took the field long before the adjournment
of Congress, and returned after Congress had re-
assembled. He left, I believe,'in the month of
April, and returned after the commencement of
the present session of Congress. Mr. Hassler
made but two preliminary and one actual base of
operations. Now we are operating - upon four
distinct measured bases. The old plan might have
been conducted with one astronomer, for it com-
menced on one base, and was extended north and
south. No man living ever could have seen it
completed. When it had passed a certain point,
say three hundred miles, it would have been ne-
cessary to measure bases of verification. In the
present system, these bases have been measured
and made the original bases of other triangula-
tions, and in time become also bases of verification.
Thus the work is divided into different sections,
and various parts of the coast—some of them very
dangerous—are brought under early examination,
and promptly the benefits of the work are' con-
veyed to every portion of the Union, and the time
in which it may be completed reduced. Npwwe
have nine sections; and just to this extent, if the
appropriations are sufficiently laige, may the time
be divided in which it is to be finally completed.
Had the present superintendent desired merely to
get his salary, had he consulted his own ease, he
surely never would have extended the survey so
widely, and divided it into various sections, giving
him the increased and increasing mass of work
which now devolves upon him—shortening the
period, according to this plan, in which the work
will be completed, and therefore the term for which
he can hold the office he now fills under the pres-
ent coast survey organization.
Let me not be misunderstood. These remarks
are not intended to reflect in any way upon the
late distinguished superintendent, or to disparage
his labors. In the language of the p^psent super-
intendent:
" The. survey, which was suspended by the act of 1818,
was revived by that ot 1832. The pi el nm miry operations" ot
1816 and 1817 were but paitiolly available on lecommcncing
iho survey in 1835, from wine!) latter period, therefore, it
dates its effective beginning. The fiiM yfar>w<;iencas-
sanly years of organization and m&tiucuon. Tn« *up<*nn-
tendent, Mr. Hauler, bad to systematize methods, tr> tiatn
np asM^tant^, to cause the woik to giow from a small be-
ginning untiJ it comprehended the vanous operations ot a
geodetic survey ot the coast, and included its hydrography.
When the results accumulated, it was ncccssary to provide
for Uieir computation and reduction, and the pieparation of
maps and charts upon a plan suited to our extended coa>t,
ami the engraving of the maps. All these things were new
in thi-s country. The amount of knowledge, '•kill, and labor
required to overcome tho?e and other difficulties were bald-
ly appreciated. The result^ show how large an amount of
woik had been done, and how ilie woik was extending
beneficially at the time of Mr. Hauler's death."
u Building upon this foundational w«ts e«wy for Mr. Hass-
ler's successor to give further development to the woik "
As to the economy of transferring this survey to
the navy, I should think nothing can be more
manifest than that if it was assigned to a single
corps, the compensation of which, and reputation
in its prosecution, was not derived from the work,
it would lose m expedition and inciease in ex-
pense. Not only has the result been proved by
the experiment of 1818, but the same conclusion
should have been reached by a priori reasoning.
What interest would they have; what dread of ex-
amination; what regard for public opinion ? They
will have their pay and piofcssional distinction as
connected with the navy, whether the coast sur-
vey be approved or not, whether it be continued
or discontinued. And if we refer to foreign ser-
vices, where surveys are conducted thus, it will
be found that the expense bears no relation to that
of our coast survey. This is established by the
reply of the Secretary of the Treasury, recently
sent to the Senate. He estimates the secondary
triangulation and topography by the ordnance
corps in Great Britain, exclusive of officers' pay,
at sixteen cents two mills per acre—between twice
and three times the cost of our surv.eys of the same
kind.
The Secretary says he had not sufficient data to
make an estimate for the foreign hydrography.
From other sources I find that the hydrography
executed by Great Britain (I read now a manuscript
note) cost in two years, 1845-'(> and 3846—*7, an {
amount equal to the whole appropriation of the j
coast survey of the United Stales horn its begin- ]
mng to the present time. In the ten years past, it j
amounts to five millions of dollars, and this is be- j
sides her Arctic and Antarctic expeditions; it is also j
besides her trigonometrical surveys. This Bureau j
of Ordnance and Hydrography is misunderstood, j
or as to England misapplied. The ordnance sur- I
veys of Great Britain have no connection with the
hydrographer's office or with the hydrographical
surveys. The ordnance survey of Great Britain
is a geodetic survey of the whole kingdom, carried
on by the ordnance corps of the army. It has cost* |
in the same period, 1,500,000 pounds sterling, •
which is equal to about seven millions and a half i
of dollars. It has been in progress since 1791; and |
if we examine the cost officially reported, we are >
startled by the amount of expenditure which we !
meet. Economy, then, can be no inducement to .
exchange our system for that of Great Britain.
But it is said that the navy desires this work. It
is said that they are mortified because the work is
not confided to them. Now, Mr. President, what
part ot this work is professional to the navy?
Can it be any part of the land work? Can it
be the determination of latitudes and 'longitudes
on shore? Can it belong to the seaman's profes-
sion to make topographical surveys? The hydro-
graphical part of the work is now in the hands of
the navy—is entirely confided to the navy. Why
should we put officers and men of the navy upon
other than that part of the work they are best able
to perioral ? They are now engaged in surveying
the shoals, marking their outlines, delineating the
curves of soundings at equal depths, determining
the limits and depths of channels, and the charac-
ter of the bottom. These determinations are based
upon the points accurately fixed by the trigonomet-
rical survey of the coast itself. When the distance
from the shore is reached, beyond which the sights
from the shore cannot be extended, it becomes
necessary to anchor vessels, and make them new
stations of observation. All this work, and the
observations of tides and currents, is executed by
the hydrographic parties, composed of naval offi-
cers exclusively, under scientific superintendence.
If the navy, Mr. President, is (as has been said)
unemployed; if there be any portion of it which
ought to be employed on tins coast survey, and is
not, the superintendent has provided for them.
He has thrown his bases wide over the coast—has
! divided the work into sections. It therefore lies
ready, as the coast is surveyed, for such increase
of hydrographical parties as the naval service will
permit, furnishing employment upon a scale which
could not have been reached if the work had been
continued on a single base of operations.
But what truth is there in the idea that the navy
is eeeKuig this work and cannot obtain it? Why,
sir, there is now an application to the Secretary of
the Navy for a hydrographical party for Charles-
ton. The Secretary of the Navy may grant the
requisition. I do not doubt his willingness to do
so, if the interest of the service will permit it. But
I have heard of his complaining of the frequent
draughts by the survey on the navy.
The officers of the navy have shared fully the
honois of the coast survey, having received full
credit for the work executed by them. Where is
the channel that has been discovered by them, that
docs not bear the name of the officer of the navy
who discovered it? Where is the chart, that does
not show the name of the officer by whom the
hydrography was executed? I have not seen one.
Gedney's name is indelibly associated with the
harbor of New York, and that of Blake with the
new channel in Delaware bay. I know of no
reputation which the officers of the navy could gan
from a work of this sort, higher than that which
they now acquire as a part of this great system.
By attempiing, as under the law of 1S18, to
combine topography—Work not at ,all professional
to the sailor—with the hydrography, credit was
lost, not won. The Secretary of the Navy, (Mr.
Southard,) m 1828, referring to the charts pro-
duced, says of them, that " they are unsafe, and,
in many instances, useless and pernicious." Theie
must be a system, organization, and connection
of the whole. In the emphatic language of Mr.
Southard, k4 nor can such sutveys be made with- *
out the aid of the means contemplated by the act
of 10th February, 1807." Could this organization
be obtained in any other way? Suppose an offi-
cer of the army charged with the conduct of the
survey—would you require the officers of the navy
to serve under him? if you place an officer of the
navy in charge, then he must either take the high-
est rank in the navy, or confine yourself to those
who are the juniors of your superintendent. Here
is at once introduced the jealousy of rank which
does not exist under the present system. You
lose, thus, the services of officers otherwise well
suited to the work, and who, in independent po-
sitions, under scientific superintendence merely,
would be glad to serve. This I think to be a
very great drawback to efficiency. But there* are
branches of the naval service now filled by civilians,
and some of them positions of very high emolu-
ment, which appropriately belong to the nautical
profession. The naval officer should be able to
build a vessel, and .yet civilians are employed in
this work. Engineers are employed, and some at
high salaries, in budding docks, &c. Steam engi-
neers from civil life are also employed. Why
