206
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 19^
t 30th Cong 2d Sess.
The Coast Survey—Mr. Jefferson Davis.
Senate.
should not the navy build (he engines for their
vessels, and direet the working of the engines
which propel their vessels, as they would the sails?
These are* branches of the profession in which
they can be employed, usefully and honorably
employed, and which would not divert them from
the proper pursuits of the sailor. But if an officer
of the navy, of seience and special information
and r^nk, sufficient to carry on this great work,
should be charged with it, how long would he
continue in the post? An officer of professional
enthusiasm, at the very first note of war, the first
gun that comes booming over the sea, would -dis-
dain the functions of the saVant, He would call
for his sea-glass, instead of his telescope; his
thoughts would be on the trunnions of cannon,
instead of the pivots of observing instruments.
His computing tables would be thrown from him,
that his hand might grasp the sabre, and he stand
with arms rattling about him, beneath his coun-
try's flag—upon his country's deck. If he would
not do this, he would not be worthy to hold the
station of an officer in the navy. Then, sir, in the
hour of greatest need, he n ho had charge of the
work would abandon it for scrviee better filling
hopes proper to his profession, and then you must
seek a savant to superintend the work during war,
and he must learn the organization of the establish-
ment, under circumstances least favorable to in-
stiuction, and most demanding accuracy, activity,
and efficiency.
But, str, it has been asserted that our navy is
idle and unemployed; that our present establish-
ment is a war establishment; and that the annual
appropriation of eight or nine millions is therefore
an expenditure without adequate return.
Is the navy idler With even the small force
wliich we keep in commission, our ships are in
the four quarters of the globe, engaged in main-
taining the pjlice of the seas, and m vigilantly !
Watching over the interests of American com- |
merce. Their presence everywhere arms the func-
tionaries of the Republic with greater considera-
tion and power of usefulness.
Is the navy unemployed? If so, increase the
number of vessels in commission, for we surely
cannot have an excessive number afloat while our
trade with China is so imperfectly protected; when
we have not a single vessel on the coast of Suma-
tra; while our merchant marine and whaling fleet
in the South seas ask in vain for the arm of the
American navy to protect them, and enforce dis-
cipline in lawless and discontented crews; while
our fellow-citizens abroad have again and again
been indebted to the courtesy of British naval offi-
cers for services which their own Government is
bound, by every consideration ofjustice as well as
pride and policy, to render.
is the navy on a war establishment? This is
most easily answered by referring to the fact that
even duiing the late war with Mexico, destitute
as that country was of maritime power, authority
was given to our Executive to increase the naval
northern Atlantic coast the subject of special care,
and rejoiced to see its harbors surveyed, us capes
and islands crowned with fortifications, its shore
glittering with hght-houses and beacons, through
storm and darkness to guidq, to save, to welcome
home, the canvas-winged birds of the ocean. But
when she turns to her own coast, with winding
channels and shifting bars and shoals irregularly
presented, without charts of sufficient accuracy for
the most common purposes of navigation, still less
to determine where and how the hand ot man may
enlarge and render permanent the advantages of
natuie, has she not a right to demand, that this
exact, scientific survey and investigation of her
channels and shoals, and the great causes which
may hereafter, as they have in times past, disturb
and alter the one or the other, shall progress to its
completion; shall bring to her door this the first
contribution by the General Government to her
commercial interests and maritimedefencer Already
this survey has made important additions to the
knowledge gf our Gulf coast; channels have been
explored and delineated; new means of approach
secured; the points for lights thus properly deter-
mined; the fact of changed depth in some of the
most important avenues of commerce discovered
and published; and now, when all seems hastening
to a healthy maturity, shall we fell the tree with
its unripe fruit to plant another, the product of
which no one will contend can be better?
The interest of £hose whom i represent has
prompted me to an examination moie thaH ordi-
narily full of the organization and progress of the
coast survey. In both 1 have found much to
admire, of efficiency, economy, and order. Years
of experience and patient toil, under men bounte-
ously gifted by naiui e and rarely favored by educa-
tion, have brought the system to its piesent siaie
of perfection. Could I see svhere a pillar, a prop,
a brace, a key, or a pin was wanting to the labnc,
1 should have pride m attempting to supply it, in
coming to the aid of those past and present to whom
the merit of construction is due.
We have been referred to the increasing appro-
priations for the survey of the coast, and this un-
connected fact has been presented for the purpose
of attack upon the conduct of the work. The value
of the fd.cL depends upon the relation of'expend.-
iture to pioduct.
And now, Mr. President, what hus been the re- j
suit since the present superintendent took charge '
of the work? Five years have elapsed since his !
appointment, fiom which to gather an answer to
the .inquiry. It is due to the memory of the lormer
eminent supeiintendetit, that we should recollect
thathe took charge of the work when in its infancy;
that it was necessary for him to organize thesur-
vey, to tiam up assistants, and to make a begin-
ning in the introduction of geodetical science into
our country. But what have been the compara-
tive results?—for economy is not to be measured
by the thousands of dollars provided in any one
appropriation, but from the return for
one and a half to two. Upon this, then, we have
the basis of a calculation as to'when the work will
be finished. The average, then, ojf the last five
years is, to the work of 1848, as one and a half is
to two; one-seventh of the coast, reckoning on the
same maps from which the total shore line is esti-
mated, has been triangulated in the lust five years;
in the next five yeais, at the same rate, we would
achieve three-fourteenths—fifty per cent, over the
latter. Then, in fifteen years, we should have
finished nine-fourteenths; making, with one-third
already accomplished, within a very small fraction
of the whole coast. 1 do not say that m fifteen
years we shall have no need of the coast survey,
and that it is then to close. And more, str, i
hope it will not. In us progress, the parts of the
coast which are liable to change will have become
I definitively known, and the woik may then be
' employed m ascertaining the changing of the shoals
and shifting of the channels, necessary to the ben-
efit of commerce. Besides, sir, I hope to add yet
further to our coast. I would be glad to include
the shores of the Gulf of California as Lhose of one
of these States. I should be glad to gather in the
Island of Cuba, so long desired. I should rejoice
in the extension of our Union. I therefore speak
of this term only as indicating the progress of the
work; the time at which the survey of the coast on
the Atlantic and Gulf of Mexico would be brought
to a close at the present rate of progress. But, sir,
our laws have been extended over a portion of the
coast upon the Pacific, and we have made appro-
priations for building light-houses and placing
buoys at the mouth of the Columbia river. To
determine the places of these is an appropriate and
necessary hydrographic service of the coast sur-
vey, and to commence the survey there, and ren-
der this service, parties have been despatched to
the coast of Oregon, and not, as has been falsely
stated in some of the papers, to California and
jNew Mexico.
For the hydrographical survey a very accom-
plished officer of the navy was selected, and an
able party was placed under his oiders; for the
survey of the shore, a party of civil assistants and
officers of the army. It is worthy of remark, sir,
that when the present superintendent took charge
of the coast survey, he found that the officers of
the army had abandoned the work—had become
dissatisfied—and the Secretary of War had refused
their aid on the terms upon which it was asked.
The present superintendent, by avoiding a contro-
versy which grew out of the requirement that the
land parties should be equally divided between
civil assistants and officers of the army, and by
the judgment which he brings to bear on every-
thing, has been able to' draw them back to the
woik. When the war with Mexico broke out, he
had eleven officers of the
j ■   * • ~XT. : •;   ,, urn nvin wic xcturn lur money
foice during hostilities. With the restoration of'! expended. . - y
peace this authority was annulled, and the navy || -in the letter of the Secretary of the Treasury,
leducect to its former narrow dimensions. There I, before referred to, we find that the expenditure for
is enough, and more than enough, of appropriate ij twelve years—J632 to 1844—under the superin-
duty for all the navy which we keep in commis- tendence of Mr. Has&ler, was §766,134 18, the an
Bion. l_,et it, then, continue in us legitimate em-  1    * —  - --
army thus employed;
ployments at home and abroad, not"be brought
fiom its ships to labor on shore in the solutioiTof
problems in geodesy and magnetism, which are
not even cognate branches of a sea officer's educa-
tion. The sea is the element on which they arc
to serve their country in war—the element on
which they should be educated m peace.
I think the Senator is mistaken m supposing
that our naval officers are chagrined or mortified
at not being intrusted with these uncongenial oper-
ations of the coast survey. They will, 1 doubt
not, be far more gratified if he will extend the field
of their labors upon the ocean, and open to them
new roads to preferment in the line of their own
profession.
_ The State by whose authority 1 am here, whose
rights and interests it is my duty to guard and pro-
mote by all the power with which 1 am endowed,
has much involved in the proper execution of" this
WOIK, and-she has claims of no common character -
to consideration for these interests. She has con-
tributed Without stint to support expenditures in !
portions of the Union; she has seen the j
nuaj appropriations ranging from $20,000 in 1832,
ij to §100,000 in 1843, as the work became organ-
;j ized and developed. The expenditures are less
■ than the appropriations. The expenditure from
1832 to 1844, is >>766,134 18; from 1844 to 1849,
!i $579,250 32; the expenditure of money, as seven
i to five; time, as twelve to five. Tfie work done
! rti the last five years exceeds that in twelve pre-
ceding years. Ir in less time for less money greater
1 results are obtained, shall weconiplain of increased
! annual expenditures? Is not this economy? Sure-
ly, sir, no one will contend against an appropria-
tion which hastens to completion a worl£ which
1 is more valuable as earlier completed. It is sanl
this coast survey will not be brought to a close in
forty years. Upon what calculation does this as-
sertion depend?
Hie length of our shore line is estimated at
twenty-ei«iit thousand miles. It is certainly be-
yond ihut, because there are indentations of the
coast not shown on the chatts by winch we esti-
mate. Now, the work done in the year 1844,
compared with the woik of 1848, will be about as'
""" """ The average of the last five years as
one to two.
eight of them were taken away! He has applied
for topographical engineers since the termination
of the war—an application which has been laid
over for the present by the chief of the Topograph-
ical Bureau, until he can determine whether officers
are disposable from the other wants of that depart-
ment. An application is now pending before the
Sebretary of War fur officers of the line of the
army to aid in the suivey of the coast. In the last
report on the coast survey to the Secretary of the
Tieasury, the superintendent expiessed himself
upon this particular point. He says:
"7 be i]umber of officers arid petty officers and men are
regulated bv the same department, on iippln atiun from tin;
oliicers of tile navy commandm;' the hullOiiraphic p,imei.
inese arc tiansmmed throng,i the Supell'itendent and See-
retarj 01 the Treasury as a matter ol l.mii; but tne judgment
o, the Dfncen. l^ eonelu-lve with i«- and Hit; rtnuwuoria
aie complied wmi or denied, at the ple.t-ure M tne srtre-
I tar} Qt tne Navy. 'J he law ref|inri - that as mam olircers
| 01 lie army and ,K,vy as practicable be eaiiibm'd on the
, work; find, independently ot tii«- dt'Hre to )m>t>aod the direct
appropriation, which I confer k> a sfronjz motive with me,
and oi tiie ie.>pfct which I te«| lor the officer* ot both
branches ofrhe*eivicv, and ol'ihcgraufu anon winch official
or private j-Hciconr-e with them aluajs gtve^, I am houiid
by the spirit, and ov<,if In the ietret ol rhJ law, to apply tor
additional officers whenever they can by usefully employed
on the vvoi k.
u tjiidei tiie Jaw, the organization of thecoa-t mh veycon-
tcrnpiati.- the einplovrnei.t oi civilians and otheefa oi the
aruij and navy. 'I hi-, triple organization linn^ the scien-
tific and practical training ol civilians and oiheers of the
arm} a.id navy tu its aid ; a more petmam.-nl linden* i-sup-
plied itom civil life than the wunio ol uthet the miiit;n> or
naval service could yjHd, while entire conceit ot action w
secured under a central authority, the department iu which
