H'vpil
1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
209
30th Cong 2d Sess.
The Coast Survey—Mr. John Davis.
New Series No. 14.
a complete solution. He has, by changing the
mass of one or the other metal, in a certain pro-
portion, obtained a constant expression of length,
with the exception of a small residual error; and
he has even corrected that minute residual error,
which had been shown byexperiment'sfill to exist,
by the use of different pigments, so as to increase
the absorptive power of one of the metallic sur-
faces. The equilibrium is now so perfect, that in
a base six miles in length the maximum variation
has been found from experiment to be so small a
fraction that I fear to state it—I believe it is less
than five-tenths of an inch.
He has also introduced another great improve-
ment, namely, the process of electrotype multi
science was of that daring kind which brought i
Jove's bolts from his charged battery,-and held !
them by a silken string; so useful, that it lives on 1
the cottage roof and in the parlor fire-place; so
permanent, that his name is known where wisdom
is honored and virtue respected—somewhat strange
that this problem, first marked out by him, should
descend, for its solution, to the present superin-
tendent of the coast survey, the great-grandson
of the original discoverer, and that the most exten-
sive observations should have been made by a j
j brother of the superintendent, a gallant sailor, who, j
] devoted to the honor of his profession and the duty
| in which he was engaged, lost his life in the ex- ,
ploration of the character of this phenomenon, and \
plication of plates for the printing of the charts || left behind him labors which have not yet been
without wearing out the original engraved plate, j properly appreciated.
It is a most beautiful application of an invention ■ Here is another element by which to determine
which only men of science could ever have under- the lonsitude of vessels approaching our coast 
stood, and still less have improved to actual use. 'j the temperature of the water. When the line
The remark has been criticized, though I think j j which separates the cold water near the coast from
it was well said by one of the most distinguished j| the hot water of the Gull" stiearn, shall have been
assistants of the coast survey, that it has its mis- j; accurately laid down; the'approximate longitude
sion of science; and happily has this mission > will be known by an observation of the thermom-
been connected with useful purposes in this sur- 1 cter. This requires careful and repeated observa-
tion to fix the limits of change of temperature bv
season and in different years. The high temper
and cents, the balance seems to make against Mr.
Hassler and his operations. Now, there are very
obvious reasons for this; reasons that do no injus-
tice to the reputation of that distinguished mathe-
matician. He came, as was justly observed by
the honorable Senator from Mississippi, into this
work wfren it was green—I think that "was the ex-
pression used—when there was in this country
no knowledge of triangtilation. The instruments
which are used for that purpose were not to be
found in the country; and one of the first acts of
this gentleman was to go abroad, into Europe, to
obtain the necessary instruments to prosecute the
survey. "Well, the men that were taken into hia
employ when he organized the work, when he put*
it in operation, were men with no acquaintance
whatever with the business which they entered
upon. He labored under all the disadvantages
incident to this state of things. He had to train,
to'discipline, to educate the men that served under
him. The force that was under him was greatly
inferior to that which is now employed by the
present superintendent. Under these circumstan-
ccs it reflects no dishonor upon the memory of Mr.
Hassler that he was not able to accomplish for a
given sum of money as much work as'has been
accomplished by the present superintendent. Sir,
ature of this ocean stream, and its ceaseless flow, mere,in no man that has ever been employed by
rendet its position of piimaiy impoitance to the ij thss Government who devoted grentci energy to
vey. When sounding for deep channels and sam-
ples of bottom, the earth was found to be filled
with organisms; and when naturalists observed
that different organisms were found in the dif-
ferent depths of the sea, as different animals at I navigator near our Atlantic coast. ]l the business in whHi he was enticed than'that
different heights of the land, one would hardly ■; I must not, Mr. President, dwell upon the great j lamented individual; and I hazartfiittle in W-\ Lno-
have seen how immediately this was to be con- number of discoveries of channels, sunken rocks, !j that there arc few men who equaled him in* the
:i shoals, and bars, every one of which may, in a :j great attainments of knowledge with which his
|; single hour, save to the commerce of the country mind was stored. He has prosecuted with eminent
more than the whole coast survey has cost from ' ....  
Many of these shoals, if re-
flected with navigation; and yet it has been so far
followed out, as to give good reason to believe that
we shall find families to be classed below as*above
the great level of the earth; and that, finally, a hy-
drographic chart may be constructed which shall
give us, by the nature of the organisms, a new
mode of determining the longitude of the vessel as
she approaches the coast. The latitude is always
most easily determined by a yessel at sea; and if
the longitude can be ascertained, the position is
exactly known. If this can be learned, therefore,
from the appearance of the bottom, by the aid of
the lead, a great portion of the danger in ap-
proaching the coast is obviated. But the captain
is relieved from the apprehension of any errors
when he sees the whole line of coast before him,
• as presented in its bold topographical character, so
as never to be mistaken.
By constant soundings of the sea, charts of the
bottom so accurate may he made as to enable the
vessel, when she approaches the shore, by the
lead, to inspect the ground over which she sails,
as by the glass to examine the appearance of the
coast. These elements, added to observations for
the latitude, determine the position without tiie
possibility of a doubt as to the shore she is upon,
what coast she is. approaching, what channel she
is in.
It is always a high astronomical problem to
discuss the tides, and currents dependent upon the
tides. This problem is now in the progress of
a solution, which will throw new light upon this
subject, and give an additional advantage to com-
merce which could not have been otherwise de-
rived.
its commencement.
, curately laid dftwn in previous nautical charts,
would have saved the wreck of vessels; by which, ,
from the mere duties upon the goods wrecked, we
I lose more than would have been sufficient to fur- .
; nish a complete survey of the portion of the coast
: where these disasters occurred.
, The maps are in rapid progress of publication. ;
The present superintendent has issued twenty-one ■
distinct maps, and a large number of copies have
been printed and distiibuted, a number of prelim-
inary sketches have been prepared, to give the j
earliest information to the public, to show a chan- j
nel or harbor useful to navigation and beneficial to ;
commerce, or a shoal or rock to be avoided. !
Now, Mr. President, after this long term of ;
years, and when this minute examination of the j
coast has been extended continuously from the <
southern limits of Maine to the northern limits of ■
Virginia; when the work is going on in seven of1
the nine sections into which the coast has been !
divided; when five bases have been measured, and i
the work is progressing in every State but one on
;j success both the branch of weights.and measures
and of the coast survey.
' Now, sir; one word in relation to the survey
.i itself, and 1 will leave the subject to the Senate. I
intend to cast no reflection on the present incum-
bent. I am willing that ho should have the full
benefit of the remarks and observations which
have been made in regard to him and his high
qualifications. But, sir, what does the country
want in the coast survey ? They want a very use-
ful work done, a very important work done, ard
they want it done in the best manner. It is not
purely a question of science. It is not a.mere
matter of knowledge and reputation to the coun-
try; it is <i thing m which the business c.f the
country, the great interests of the country,
deeply involved. We wi?h to obtain some knowl-
edge of the coast of the United States; we wish
to diminish the hazards of navigation; we wish to
diminish the expense of transportation; we wish
to place means in the hands of navigators which
wiii save human life from the perils which sur-
round it. That is what we wish to do. Now, is
there any means—and I appeal to the honorable
U U1 1L 1VJ [-    — - " - - - --- jl HIOIU I.W 1 J Willi * WW m 4 4 I« •-/1V
the Atlantic and Gulf of Mexico; when we of the j Senator from Missouri whether there be any means
In a particular part of the main ship channel in
the harbor of Boston, for example, this singular r
phenomenon is presented: that there is but one quar- | to the closest scrutiny of scientific men, a
ter of the ebb tide in which the current sets out of ! obtained their approval. Then, sir, I ask, (
the harbor. In all others, the current runs in, ebb
or flow; so that a vessel passing out to sea on the
ebb would, on reaching this part of the harbor, find
the current adverse. These are facts which, though
of great value to the mariner, it requires careful
and well-directed observations to explore. The
whole system of observations on tides and currents
in the coast survey has been greatly improved, and
the mode of discussing the observations brought
to considerable perfection
extreme South, who have contributed to its sup-
port, are about to derive some advantage from it, j
what justice is there in abandoning it, and going ,
back to the exploded scheme of a nautical survey, j
which has once failed to furnish such maps and :
charts of the coast as we require? I have the evi-
dence before me from insurance companies, cham- i
bers of commerce, scientific associations, all bear- j
ing the highest commendation to the mode in i
which it is now conducted. It has been submitted :
nd has |
can wc ;
abandon a work bearing such useful fruits, fruits j
so honorable to thn commerce of the country, at a i
time when its abandonment would operate so un- ;
equally to different portions of the Union, and re- 1
sort to that which has been tried, fully tried, and
which has been found to contain the inherent ele- ,
meat of its own destruction? ;
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. Mr. President,
I think that some unintentional injustice has been
Then, too, sir, systematic observations have ji done to Mr. Hassler, former superintendent of the
- '   -1--*  '   ■ coast survey. I do not suppose that any gentleman
has intended, by the comparisons which have been t
made, to make any reflections upon the character
of the former distinguished superintendent, now -
been made upon that great phenomenon of our
continent, the Gulf stream. It is somewhat re-
markable that Doctor Franklin, about the year
1760, first observed the change of temperature in
that Gulf stream, and indicated its application to
useful purposes of navigation, and that it now falls
upon his descendant—and one worthy to be a de-
so effectual for this purpose as the triangulntion of
the coast? Why, sir, it is not only the most accu-
rate, as every man knows, but it is altogether the
most permanent and useful. It is, f admit, very
expensive: it is very slow in its progress; but it is
necessarily so. These were the very difficulties
which surrounded Mr. Hassler in a preeminent
decree.
The country was unacquainted with the science
which belongs to this subject; they were unac-
quainted with the reasons of the slow p^jrress
which belong to it; and therefore they thought
that it was in consequence of the inefficiency of Mr,
Hassler; and that was the reason why he was dis-
missed from that service. But a change took place-
in the public mind, and he Was recalled to do over
Ml those things, and the country understood his
merits. Now", does it pass through the mind of
any Senator how many days, out of the three
hundred and sixty-live in a year, observations can
be made? Sir, I know something about this busi-
ness. At the time the coast survey was committed
to the hands of Mr. Hassler, we were carrying on
a triangulation in the State of Massachusetts, with
a view' to get,a map of the State; but we found,
for reasons which I need not here explain, that it
was best for us to dismiss the individual who had
deceased. But two learned members of the Senate the superintendence of that survey; and the Corn-
have seen fit, in the course of their observations, to ij monwealth of Massachusetts at that period, which
compare the work of the late Air. Hassler with the J was aoout the time when Mh. Hpssler reMtnied
I  t _ 1 ll,« nnnirot7 (Vlll n (1 J t I
,£ 1 I," "U11U \/liV IV vi' W MV | HIV lY VUX Ui ""V tv«.v | I . , *11 1 .
scendant of him whose common-sense taught him |: work of the present superintendent; and when you j .-the coast survey, found n impossible not only, to
the most difficult lessons of philosophy, and placed ji come to compare dollars and cents with the amount •, find the instruments m the country, but to find an
him in advance of the age in which he lived; whose ■ ' of work which has been accomplished for dollars it individual, exccpt this same air, Hassler, whom
14
