810
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 19,
30th Cong 1st Sess.
The Coast Survey—Mr. John Dams.
Senate.
they deemed competent to carry, on the work in
the manner it ought to be performed. Nobody
' could be found capable of performing it, until it
■ was finally intrusted to the hands of a self-edu-
cated individual, who has accomplished it very
Veil, in a manner very satisfactory, and qreditable
^o himself. He was taken oat of the mechanic's
shop for that purpose. That shows the great dif-
ficulties whieh Mr. Hassler hall to contend with,
jio't only in these operations, but in regard to pub-
lic sentiment, which was uninformed on this sub-
ject. They could not comprehend that-there were
only a few days in a year in which observations
«ould be made. They could not comprehend that
(here was not a single man in the Commonwealth
of Massachusetts who could repair one of these
instruments. These difficulties surrounded Mr.
Hassler at every step which he took, and they are
apology enough for his not accomplishing as mujh
for the same sum in dollars and cents as the man
that followed him.
But, sir, to return from this digression. I say
that we want to know the topography of the bot-
tom of the sea; we want to understand precisely
where the headlands aref what is their latitude and
longitude, where the reefs are, where the channels
are, and we want to understand exactly what the
character of the bottom of the sea is when we go
upon the soundings of the waters. These are the
only guides which sailors have when they come
upon the coast, and if there be an error in the lati-
tude and longitude of light-houses, headlands, or
islands, the sailor brings with him in%is ship the
reckonings which he has made at sea, and if those
reckonings be correct, the consequence of a light-
house being a degree or half a degree, or a quarter
of a degree, or a few miles out of the way, is often-
times disaster, necessarily disaster. And let me
say, sir, what is well known to be true, that dis-
asters have often occurred upon this coast in con-
sequence of the erroneous statements of the lati-
tude and longitude of the light-houses upon the
shores. Some of them are known now to be placed
in erroneous positions, and I remember very well
that a friend of mine went some years ago to
Prance. At that time the Senator from Alabama
[Mr. King] was upon the Committee on Com-
merce, which recommended the bringing in of len-
ticular lights. My friend, an officer of the navy,
to whom was intrusted the duty of procuring these
lights, informed me after his "return that he went
into the Bureau of Charts, and they were there—
rather a singular coincidence—examining a chart
of the seacoast of Alabama, and they found it im-
possible, from the data which they possessed, to
reconcile the latitude and longitude of the coast.
They found the position of a light-house located I
some eight or ten miles in the interior. Now, sir,
these are very dangerous errors, and we want j
charts of the coast winch fix with great accuracy j
and precision the latitude and longitude of all the 1
light-houses, all the headlands. It is indispensable j
to the safety of navigation, not only to the safety 1
of our public ships, but to our civil marine. It ;
diminishes greatly the dangers of the sea, and it is |
•very important that a work of this sort should be j
thoroughly and well executed, if done at all. It is '
perfectly evident that the course now pursued is j
altogether the best one, that the highest degree of ,
accuracy is obtainable by it. All scientific men ]
know this, all men who have attended to this sub- i
ject very well understand it. We are now called '
upon, under these circumstances, after having gone '[
on for a series of years to make appropriations for i'
this purpose, to stop its progress. I have no de-
sire to stoji its progress; far from it. I am de-
sirous that it should be prosecuted to its end, that
accurate charts should be obtained for the great
purposes of navigation.
Whether this work is carried on in the most
economical and best manner is a question which I
shall not undertake to settle here, on a motion of
this description. If there be any just grounds of
complaint in this regard, it seems to me very clear
that an appropriation bill is not the place to take
them up and discuss them. They should be made j,
the subject of distinct and deliberate inquiry in I
some other way. If the Senator from Missouri I.'
or any other gentleman thinks that this is a matter
which ought to be inquired into, which ought to P
be examined into—that there is any wantof fidel-
ity, skill, or energy in the prosecution of this !i
work, let us take it up iji a proper way; but let us
hot undertake to stop the law by stopping the ap-
propriation. It seems to me that the interests of
this country would greatly suffer in such an event,
and 1 trust such a measure will not be adopted. 1,
hope, therefore, that the amendment will not pre-
vail.
Mr. BENTON. The Senator from Massachu-
setts has touched upon a point whieh has struck,
me with great force. A parallel has been run
by gentlemen between the amount of labor per-
formed under Mr. Hassler and under the present
superintendent of the coast survey. It was en-
tirely unexpected to me to see any such parallel
run between them, for I had never alluded to it,
nor did the greater or less amount of work done
by either of those gentlemen enter at all into the
reasons which induced me to make the motion
that I have made, nor had the slightest effect upon
my course in relation to it. I never thought of
running any parallel between them. It was an-
other question. It was not upon any supposition
of more or less work done by the present super-
intendent, nor of more or less ability brought into
it—not at all.
_ Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I beg to inform
the honorable Senator that I did not refer to his
remarlfs.
Mr. BENTON. I agree perfectly with the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts in what he has said; and
what I am now saying is, that I myself did not
say anything, so far as f can possibly recollect,
which should have given rise upon the other side
to the running of a parallel or a comparison be-
tween Mr. Hassler and the present superintend-
ent, for the purpose-of showing the superiority, a
greater worthiness of the latter. I know of noth-
ing which should have given rise to this, for no
such view of the subject ever entered into my
mind. This subject is too large, in my mind, to
be treated as personal. Sir, I have nothing to do
with persons. But the parallel has been run with
respect to money, and the amount of labor done,
and the Senator from Massachusetts has well
answered for that man of profound science and
simplicity of character. The Senator has well
answered for him, when he has spoken and repre-
sented him as taking up this subject from the
beginning; as having not only the whole subject
to study, out having to go to Europe, and there
himself remain and superintend the construction
of the instruments which would be required.
And the Senator fiom Massachusetts has done
more. He has touched another point which is
vital to the comparisons between those two gentle-
men, if comparisons must be had. Hehas touched
upon the small number of persons employed by
Mr. Hassler, the small number of vessels which
he had under him. And a little further examina-
tion into the table would show, that of the small
appropriations made for this work in Mr. Hass-
ler's tune, the sum of §96,000, in a period of four
years, relapsed into the treasury of the United
States—:went back into the sinking fund on account
of remaining two years unused by him. I men-
tion this to show that he had not foice to use up
the small amounts appropriated to him. Ninety-
six thousand dollars went into the surplus fund in
the space of four years, because he had not force
to use it. And a comparison of the amount of I
work done under him is instituted with that done j
now, when the appropriations are double what !
they were m his time; when the number of vessels
is also double, and more than double; and when
the number of assistants employed by the present
superintendent is unlimited. I believe the largest
number of vessels Mr. Hassler ever employed was
four. The present superintendent has had thirteen
vessels in his employ, if not seventeen or eighteen. j{
Certainly, sir, I did not come prepared to sus 
tain an argument upon this subject. 1 did not look j;
for such a state of things. 1 looked to nothing that :j
was personal either to Mr. Hassler or t<5 the pres- j'
ent superintendent. But the comparison has been I;1
run. Mr. Hassler is dead. The dead and the i|
absent are always m the wrong. So it fares with !|
Mr. Hassler. He gets the second place in the com- j|
parison. ji
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, (interposing.) Mr. |j
President, I am very sorry to be misunderstood, !'
so far as my remarks are concerned. If I was not |
complimentary to Mr. Hassler, 1 certainly intended il
to be so. If I did not state the difficulties which
he encountered in organizing a new work, in in-
structing his assistants, and in conducting the
whole matter of this geodetic triangulation in its
infancy, I fajled in my intention. Such was my
intention, but I did not intend to draw any invidi-
ous comparisons. I was comparing appropriations
which were expended, not the money which went
back into the treasury, but the amount actually
expended—dollars and years of work. Mr. Hass-
ler organized this work, and the present superin-
tendent took it up where he left it, and has faith-
fully carried it on. Both gentlemen deserve great
praise, and they both have received it, and will
continue to receive it in just propoitions.
Mr. BENTON. 1 was speaking, Mr. President;
of the very material fact that Mr. Hassler had
only one-fourth or one-third the force that is now
employed on this work. But I am taken entirely
by surprise in seeing this subject treated as a per-
sonal affair—persona! to the present superintend-
ent—and the labors of gentlemen are brought out
to vindicate his character, to exalt his character,
and to make the general manner in which we are
to carry on this coast survey depend hereafter
upon what is personal to the present superintend-
ent. Sir, I have never made any reference to per-
sons. 1 utterly disclaim all such things, and I am
not conscious of having uttered one single reason
for putting this survey into the hands of the navy
which ha3 a personal reference to any one connect-
ed with it. I am not sensible of it.
But, Mr. President, I looked at the great fact
that we have a navy which costs nine or ten mil-
lions Shnually, and doing nothing. And I have
looked at the great fact that England has a navy
greater than ours, and is engaged in a coast survey
at home and abroad—for all her returns upon the
subject are entered under the two heads "at home'"
and "abroad;" that that Government has surveys
going on in the four quarters of the globe, and
that she carries on the whole by her navy—con-
ducted by a hydrographer, under the Lords" of the
Admiralty, who is himself a naval officer. In this
way are these surveys carried on in that mighty
empire, whose commerce and whose naval estab-
lishment so far transcend our own. All her coast
surveys are carried on by her naval officers. Arid
it is sufficient for her thousand ships of war; and
cannot our naval men provide for our seventy or
eighty vessels? If it is sufficient for her ships of
commerce, cannot we provide for the safety ofour
own? Sir, the surveys of the coast conducted by
the naval officers of Great Britain are such that
that empire is willing to trust tl^e safety of her
commerce and her military marine upon it; and I
apprehend that nation never did exist, nor ever
will exist, more careful of her marine, both com-
mercial and military, than Great Britain is.
Mr. President, Senators have entirely mistaken
the whole object of my motion, though I endeav-
ored to make it intelligible. It is not to stop the
survey of the coast. Far from it. The reverse of
it precisely. It is to accelerate it. It is to carry
it on, so as to bring it to a conclusion. To con-
clude it for the living generation as well as for the
unborn. Forty years have we been at it. No one
presumes to say we will finish it in forty years to
come. We took thirteen vessels from the navy
last year; why not take thirty or forty this year—■
take all that are fit for the purpose ? A great num-
ber are not fit for the purpose, but the small ves-
sels are. Why not turn the unrestricted force of
the whole navy upon this survey? Why, my
motion, instead of stopping the surveys, is to ter-
minate them in some reasonable time, by bringing
them to a conclusion, so that the nation may have
the benefit of them. This is my motion; and, Mr.
President, I made that motion on this occasion for
the purpose of bringing up the question, and of
knowing what is the reason that the navy of the
United States cannot be charged upon this coast
survey? The great object which I had in making
that motion was to bring up the question and get it
answered. What is the reason that our navy can-
not do this work, done in Great Britain, not only
for herself, but all over the world ? What is the
reason? Is it for want of numbers ? I believe our
navy has grown up to eight or ten thousand men.
Is it for want of ships ? We have seventy or eighty.
Is it for want of money? We employ eight ornine
millions annually in the navy. What, then, is the
