1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
813.
30th Cong 2d Sess.
New Mexico and California—Mr. McDowell
Ho. of Reps.
by my colleagues in opinion. Gladly, therefore,
Mr. Chairman, as I would have gone into an ex-
amination of these questions at a" more propitious
moment, and fully as I had prepared myself to do
e?o, and had intended to do so until within a few
days ago, I shall now leave them, and instead of
any argument upon them will proceed to offer
some remarks-to the committee in vindication and
support of the bill which proposes to admit our
Mexican Territories vpon the footing of a Slate.
Whether the bill which was originally reported
upon that subject in the Senate by an honorable
member of that body from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,]
or the substitute for that bill winch was offered m
this House by my kinsman and colleague from
Virginia, [Mr. Preston,] be preferred, is, in my
opinion, not very material. Upon the whole, i
prefer the substitute, but will cheerfully vote for
either. They both rest upon the same basis, and
depend for their rejection or support upon the same
general considerations. It is not pretended that
either the original bill or the substitute for it is free
from objections; nor is it pretended that these ob-
jections should not weigh heavily against both in
a different and less critical condition of the country
than the present. But as these objections are tem-
porary mainly, as none of them are fatal in their
natuie,ar>d as the advantages with which they are
connected are of high national value, it is justly
. considered, I think, sir, that the measure which the
bill and the substitute embody furnishes an hon-
orable and common ground upon which our con-
flicting opinions on the subject of that measure
may be mutually given up, and our national diffi-
culties about it suitably and .finally disposed of.
As to the constitutional authority which it involves,
that, I presume, will not be seiiously questioned
by anybody.
The constitutional power to admit a State—that
which this measure proposes to draw into imme-
diate exercise—is a distinct, positive, expressly-
granted power, subject to no prescubed qualifi-
cation of substance or form, wiucH is at all appli-
cable to the case in which it is now proposed to
be exercised. The whole power, together with
every connected circumstance under which it may
be considered necessary and proper to carry it into
execution, is confided exclusively to the sound
judgment and discretion of Congress. Whether,
therefore, the State which it is proposed to admit,
itself at the time being a territory of the United
States, ought or ought not to be kept for a longer
or a shorter period m its territorial condition, or
whether that condition ought to be dispensed with
entirely, are questions which necessarily result
from the execution of the power to admit, and
which it is for the discretion of Congress, and that
■only, to determine. There may exist the very
strongest and soundest reasons, in a particular case,
why the territorial condition should be enforced
rigorously, and for a long period of time; and so
too* on the contrary, there may be reasons of equal
obligation and authority, in another case, why this
preliminary or nursery condition of the territory,
should be passed over altogether, and the embryo
commonwealth at once taken into the family of the
States. The Congress of 1787, acting upon the
necessities then existing, constituted a government :
for the Northwestern Territory upon the model of ,
their own famous ordinance of that day. The i
Congress of 1849, acting upon the necessities of |
this day, and with a jurisdiction over the subject
more plenary than that of its predecessor, may, at
its own election, either constitute a government for
its Mexican territories as territories, or authorize
them to constitute a government for themselves as
a State. „ i
Of these alternative modes of action, both equally ;
belonging to Congress, the formation of a govern-
ment for the territories as such, with reserved
supremacy here, is most consistent with our legis-
lative precedents; but the admission of them forth-
with into the Union under the guarantee of a
republican form of government, and with a State
constitution established by themselves, is but the
exercise in another form of our admitted discre-
tion in the case, and is, withal, in the very strict-
est spirit of the Constitution itself. Our whole
power over the territories is a trust power—a power
which gives us the light to control them tempora-
rily, but with the obligation of admitting them at
some time into the Union, and of securing to the.n,
when admitted, a republican form of^overnment.
Where this right to control them ceases, and the
obligation to admit them into the Union begins,
is a point not settled by the Constitution, and
therefore left by it to be settled upon just such
judgment as Congress may form upon the fidu-
ciary nature of the power, and upon the special
circumstances in each case in which it is their duty
to exercise it. In a letter of Mr. Madison, which
was addressed to Mr. President Monroe in 1820
upon the subject of the Missouri restriction,"
and which letter has but recently been brought to
light as part of an appendix to a speech of an hon-
orable Senator from Florida, [Mr. Westcott,]
we find the following passage:
"The right of Congress to control the territories being
given from the necessity of the case and in su>pension of
the gieat principle"©!' sell-government, ought not to be ex-
tended fnrthf'r nor continued longer than the occasion might
fairly lequire."
Here, in this declaration of Mr. Madison, him-
self the most authoritative and soundest of all of our
constitutional expositors, we have all the essential
elements of this territorial power admirably com-
pressed into a single sentence, and stated with an
analytical precision which forbids mistake. It
lesults from the general ground here taken by Mr.
Madison, first, that the right which is founded in
necessity should be controlled by it, and hence
that Congress should extend to the territories no
further control or government than that which is
demanded by the most general and indispensable
objects of civil administration. It results also that
the government of the territories by Congress be-
ing a suspension of the great right of self-govern-
ment by the people of the territoues themselves,
is admissible only whilst the necessity for it con-
tinues, and should be surrendered the moment that
necessity—the justifying cause of it—is at an end.
It is a yet further deduction from these grounds of
opinion, though in a much largerand stronger sense
still—a deduction from the whole scope and tenor
of our representative system and representative
duty—that whenever the case shall an?e m which
the necessity for establishing a territorial govern-
ment shall be met and resisted by a stronger and
in tenser national necessity for pretermitting it alto-
gether, that in that case the stronger necessity
must be allowed to prevail, the territorial govern-
ment be given up, and the young and expectant
commonwealth instantly taken into the family of
the Slates. Whenever,"in the administration of
public affairs, a smaller and a larger interest come
into unavoidable conflict with one another, the
smaller one must give way. And this is precisely
the state of affairs before us now.
We have, on the one hand, our national safety to
protect—a duty which, of all others under Heaven, ;
it is the most imperative upon us faithfully and m- |
flexibly to perform:- we have, on the other hand, j
a territory to provide with a government and j
laws—a duty of far inferior interest, to be sure, i
but not to be neglected. These are the respective ;
duties to which we are now called; and though !
they have often arisen under the same classifica- ,
tion, and have often been discharged in the past;
administration of the Government, yet never he- |
fore, as we ail know a'nd feel, did they enter into j
and blend so vitally and so indissolubly with one j
another as they do now. In the efforts which we !
have made to discharge our duty to the territories, t
plans of government for them have been offered i
and discussed here which have been prolific of lit-
tle else than public apprehension and alarm, which ;
thus far have served only to array one great i
geographical division of the United States against
another, and to stir up between them a spirit of
alienation, animosity, and feud, as utterly incon- |
sistent with the unity of their political relationship j
as dangerous to the continued maintenance of their I
common interests and common peace. j
In this gloomy conjunction of affairs a new plan t
of government tor the Teriitories is presented—a j
plan of mediation and of peace; one which has no j
connection with any' sectional interest or sectional
feeling of any kind whatever; which^ stands aside
from all that source of heart-burning, jealousy, and
disturbance, and which, having no serious consti-
tutional objections to encounter, promises, on all
these accounts, to put an immediate and pacific
end to a most angry, harassing, and portentous
national dispute. These are its general aspects.
As to its more particular ones: what though it be
new and untried and awkward—what though* it
consolidate into one political community a vast,
unwieldy, disconnected, and half-peopled region—
what though it admits to the immediate enjoyment
of all .the rights and privileges of American citizen-
ship, thousands of foreigners who know nothing
about them—what though it conflicts with our otvn
preconceived determinations and views upon this
subject, or rubs, peradventure, against any pre-
arranged political calculations and hopes which
any of us may entertain,—what of all these objec-
tions and all others that can be added to them,
making the most of them and the worst of them—
what are they all when gathered together and piled
up to their topmost aggregate, Pelion upon Oasa,
but^ the small dust of the balancc when weighed
against—what it may fairly hope to accomplish—
the pacification and perpetual union of more than
twenty millions of freemen !
Let us remember, sir, that our business is no
longer the simple and comparatively easy one of
framing the best possible government for a terri-
tory, considered independently and apart from its
relations to the Union. Our true business, on the
contrary, is the very opposite of this: it is to pro-
vide a government for the Territories which, being
constitutional and sufficient for them, shall, at the
same time, be best in its primary icference to the
peaceful relations, and therein to the universal wel-
fare, of the States. Our work in this matter is no
longer limited tQ the Territories, either in its mo-
tives or effects. It goes, under the force and pres-
sure of events to the whole country; it goes to all
those vast and unutterable issues for good or evil
which depend upon maintaining or not maintain-
ing that country just as it now is—one powerful,
prosperous, united whole. It is, therefore, emi-
nently and above all others, a work with which
no carping, nor fmlt-fitiding, nor bigoted, nor sec-
tional, nor pettifogging spirit has anything to
do. It is one which nothing less than the largest
patriotism, earnestly, loyally, wisely operating for
the very largest and honest ends of public good,
can ever adequately or rightly accomplish, it is a
work of all for all—of each part for every part—
of the entire country and of entire devotion to that
country. And whilst we to whom it is confided
stand here to execute it as a common brotherhood
for a common good, our ears must be heavy and
our heart hard, beyond the ordinary lot of our
kind, unless we hear and feel the voice of our
mother-laud, coming up over all other voices, and
calling upon each one of u3, in soft and thrilling
tones, " My son, my son, be true to thy trust—be
true to me." He who, at such a moment so re-
sponsible to himself, so great in its issues to the
country that has honored him—he who, at such a
moment, is afraid to be a good man, has already,
to say the least of him, begun to be a bad one.
If gentlemen, Mr. Chairman, are still tenacious
of their objections to the plan proposed, and do
not find, in the national difficulties by which we aie
surrounded, persuasives enough to relinquish them,
let us look for a moment to the peculiar structure
of our Government, and see if we cannot derive
from that an additional and sufficient persuasive for
this purpose. That Government—to use the lan-
guage which was employed by General Washing-
ton, as Presidentof the Convention that formed it,
to recommend it to the adoption of the people and
the Stales—that Government was founded in " a
spirit of amity and of mutual deference and conces-
sion." It is, therefoie, m its nature and origin and
history, and tinoughout the whole range of its pur-
poses and provisions, directly opposed to every-
thing that is sectional, separate, or peculiar. It
rejects as its worst and most fatal enemies all exclu-
si'veness and all ultraism, whether of opinion or of
action. It associates with no extremes of any kind
whatever, and hence not only has the general policy
of the Government been remarkably free fiom the
control of extreme views, but whenever a paiticu-
lar measure, partaking of that character, has been
fortuitously forced upon it, it has never failed to
go down, speedily and certainly, under the mod-
erating and equalizing spirit of the general system.
If you would maintain such a Go\ernr.\ent as
this in its true and natural vigor, you must put your
shoulder to the foundation principles upon which it
rests, and see that their strength and stability are
never disturbed. This, indeed, is an indispensable
