1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m§
30th Cong 2d Sess.
New Mexico and California—Mr. McDowell.
Ho. op Reps.
dispute, puts itseif upon that of our common
agreement, and therefore, with great justice, calls
upon us ail to come up and support it there. It
gives to neither of the antagonist parties, what
each one of them would doubtless have preferred—
the triumph of his own side. On the contrary, it
mediates between them in a spirit of fraternal and
perfect fidelity to each, and by inclining neither
to the one nor the other, it proposes and expects
to accomplish the wise and just and national end,
of settling the claims of both, consistently with the
honor and the rights of both. Looking at it in this
light, I cannot but regard it as a seasonable and
happy measure of deliverance and relief, worthy
of all acceptation and all assistance. Take it, and
our troubles are over—our reassurance of cordial
and permanent brotherhood is complete. The up-
heaving deep of the public feeling, the surges of
which already break at our very feet, will be
soothed at once, and will sink back again into a
calm as smooth and glassy as that of a summer
sea. But reject it, and follow up that rejection by
a measure of sectional wrong enforced by the
stubborn will of a sectional majority, and amongst
the wiid and feaiful issues which such a course
will forSe into life, and which no mortal eye can
foresee, it may open up a pit for us all, only less
horrible than that of the lost.
Since the discussion of our territorial question
commenced in this Hall, and the interest and agi-
tation of it has extended to the country at large,
we have heard more than ever before of a certain
mysterious but malignant and corrupting "slave
power," by which, it is alleged, the free action of
this Government and the liberties of our people
are trodden under foot. "Slave power!" Oh, sir,
how the truth of history, m the very matter im-
plicated, and how the warm and kindly sentiment
of national relationship which glows in the bosom
of every American, wherever his home, how are
they alike invaded and outraged by this offensive
phrase, and the more offensive ends of sectional
prejudice, animosity, and deception, to which it is
so often and so wrongfully applied! The free ac-
tion of this Government and the liberties of our
people stricken down by the "slave power!" W hy,
sir, does not every one of us know, that of all the
positive or governmental checks by which the
spread of slavery has ever been restricted, the most
efficacious and comprehensive of all others, by a
thousandfold, is that which was put upon it under
the lead, and with the hearty concurrence of slave-
holding statesmen and slaveholding States? Was
it not the restrictive or anti-slavery article of the
ordinance of 1787, which, if not prepared at the
suggestion and by the hand of Mr. Jefferson him-
self, was certainly prepared with his assent, an^
sustained upon the assent of Virginia also? Was it
not this which has protected the finest territory
we ever owned from the approach and the pres-
ence of the slave?—a territory of larger capabilities
for the growth, and sustenance, and wealth, of
civilized man, than any other equal area'it is be-
lieved, upon the surface of the globe. And yet,
citizens coming from that very country, no less
than citizens coming from other places, rise up in
the midst of us here, and brand with abusive epi-
thets the very men and the very "power" that
gave this magnificent empire a bridal dowry "io
free labor and to free soil."
The check imposed by the Government, which
is next in the order of importance and of time, is the
constitutional prohibition against the importation
of slaves from abroad—a prohibition which was
introduced into the Constitution upon the vote3
both of northern and of southern States, but which
would have gone into effect as early as 1800, in-
stead of 1808, the time fixed by that instrument,
had it not been for the strenuous and unrelaxing
resistancein theConvention of three of the northern
States—Massachusetts, New Ham psh ire, and Con-
necticut. Virginia, the great "slave power" of that
day, and the one most reviled by this epithet at
this day, stood up for the interdict on the foreign
importation at the earliest period. Massachusetts
and her colleagues at the latest. Virginia, disre-
garding her own interest, was willing, at the
earliest hour, to sweep the traffic from the sea, and
to leave those "human cargoes" that we hear of,
to the wretched land that produced them. Massa-
chusetts and her colleagues, baulking at an ardor
so generous as this, dropped into the rear of Vir-
ginia, and clung, perseveringly clung, to the profits
of the trade, to the last hour that their associates
in the Convention would allow. And thus, by
different modes of action on this one subject of
slavery—fostering it in the early days of the Gov-
ernment, denouncing it in the latter—our northern
friends have contrived, by a process of ingenuity
characteristically yankee, (1 speakdescriptively, not
derisively,) to make out of it pecuniary capital
then, and political capital now. Never was there
a more available subject in the hands of workmen
more willing or more cunning to control it. The
widow's cruse, which could not be exhausted by
pouring out, is but a poor and faint emblem of its
value to them. This, though inexhaustible, never
grew greater. That did and does. No matter how
opposite the uses to which these managers have
applied it, whether to those of merchandise or of
politics; no matter whether they nourished their
opulence in former years from the tears' of the
slave, or point to them now in the homes of others,
to arouse the horror, and so to shape the legisla-
tion of the country, no matter what the form in
which lliey treat, or by which they metamorphose
this subject of slavery, it springs up to their hanfls
in one never-ending, but increasing harvest of
advantage.
There is yet another restriction of law which
has been placed by this Government upon the
geographical limits of slavery—that which was
placed upon it in 1820 by the well-known "Mis-
souri compromise"—according to which all slavery
was prohibited jn the then territory of the United
States, not embraced in the ordinance of 1787,
which lay north of thirty-six and a half degrees
of latitude. I need hardly say that the real author
of this restriction was himself a slaveholding Rep-
resentative of a slaveholding State—Henry Clay,
of Kentucky. Other persons than Mr. Clay may
stand upon the Journals of Congress as the formal
movers and patrons of this measure, but the whole
cotemporary history of the act is utterly false and
worthless, if he was not the master-spirit that con-
ceived, matured, and carried it through. When
this act was passed, the great body of the south-
ern Representatives voted against it. But since
then they have not only acquiesced m it, and main-
tained it inviolate, but have cooperated with others
applying it to Texas, and have proposed and
pressed it as a ground of equitable settlement for
the controversy which now embarrasses and di-
vides us.
Here, then, Mr. Chairman, we have a series of
legal acts, proceeding more or less directly from
the hands of southern men and southern States,
all of which have gone to restrict the institution of
slavery, both in us limits and its'political strength,
and all of which are entitled to be heard as wit-
nesses whenever the "slave power" that is spoken
of, is arraigned for its monstrous and its constant
atrocities upon freedom and humanity! Wilh
these acts of beneficent legislation let these ac-
cusers be content; and, instead of harassing the
Government and harassing the country with fa-
natical ani unconstitutional efforts to enlist the
sanction and the power of law yet further on their
side, let them be thankful for what has been done,
and leave all else to the controlling and natural in-
fluence of time and events.
I may as well advert, Mr. Chairman, at this
point as at any other, to a practical question
which is oftentimes asked by gentlemen here who
insist upon the exclusion of slavery from our
Mexican territory, and who maintain, at the same
time, that such exclusion does not prejudice or
impair, in the leasb, the full and equal right of the
South and of her citizens to the use and enjoyment
of that territory. We are asked to say, how such
exclusion can impair this equality, seeing that
northern and southern citizens, and all otheis,
when they go into the territory as Inhabitants, go
there under the operation of the same law, and
live there in the possession, in all respects, of pre-
cisely the same rightsf How, then, can they be
unequal? This question is easily answered. This
Mexican territory being a conquest of the United
States, effected by the united resources of all, both
men and money, is consequently the joint and
common property of all. Tins is granted. As
the joint and common property, then, of all, it is,
of course, free and open to the use and occupation
of all,and that withoutany precedetuor qualifying
conditions, which, acting on a part only, would
have the effect of distinguishing individuals or
sections of the country from one anotKer. But
exclude slavery, and you do this: you establish
conditions, and thereby distinctions, where there
should be none. The southern citizen owning
slaves would be obliged, under this exclusion, to
dispose of them before he could settle in that ter-
ritory, and«nust, of course, enjoy his share of th«
common property upon conditions, and perhaps
embarassing conditions, first to be complied with.
The northern citizen having no slaves to dispose
of, settles upon and enjoys his share of the com-
mon property without conditions. In the one case,
a separate and preexisting right, constitutionally
and legally established for many generations, must
be given up before a common right is allowed tQ
be used. In the other case, that common right is
laid open to immediate use, without requiring as a
preliminary thereto the surrender, or the commu-
tation, or the disposal of any other right whatever.
What sort of equality is there here? and how is it
possible that the very pretence of it, coexisting
with such a state of facts as this, can be otherwise
than offensive, both to the feelings and the under-
standing of the party aggrieved?
Upon this view of the effect on the relative rights
of the different sections of the country, which must
necessarily result from the proposed exclusion of
slavery from the Territories, we, who represent the
South, have abundant reasons of right and of jus-
tice to demand of our associates here, that no such
exclusion shall be sanctioned; and that no territo-
rial government shall be forced upon us by the
arbitrary use of their majority-power, by which
the fundamental and cherished principle of our
perfect constitutional equality shall be so painfully
and hazardously set aside. To this demand, be-
sides the sophism examined, that that exclusion
works no inequality, we are yet further answered
by these associates (with but few exceptions) that
they cannot and will not countenance any govern-
ment or any law by which slavery may be ex-
tended to Territories now free; that, in their judg-
ment, slavery is a false, cruel, and evil institution,
the extension" of which, so far as it may depend
upon them, they are determined to resist at all
hazards. " JVo extension" is the short but com-
prehensive dogma under which the rights of the
South, in this matter, are to be sacrificed, and the
stability of the Union itself knowingly put into
peril. Let us inquire into the practical purpose
thus declared, and see whether it is in any respect
worthy of the serious, and it may be, the fatal
consequences which are so boldly and daringly
risked to maintain it. This " non-extension, '
though a fallacy, as I think I can show, in its
main and substantial idea, is nevertheless a term,
as we are given to understand here, of overshad-
owing, and in certain regions of our Republic, of
cabalistic power. It is 111ore the Shibboleth of
politicians—to utter which aright, is to live—to
stammer over it, is to die. It has power to throw
instantly open to its advocates the door of this
Hall; it has the power as instantly to shut it in
the face of its opposers, and so condemn them to
penitence or to obscurity. In this, it is like the
" open sesame" of the Arabian Tales, which had
only to be spoken clear and strong, with emphasis
and unction enough, and at once the rocky door
to which it was addressed flying open, offered a
cavern of gold for the spoil of the spokesman. So
here, let the words " non-extension" be only spoken
out by some free-soiler, with no Mussulman fUith,
but with a hearty and believing spirit, and our own
barred-up and heavy door swings wide opee to
the speaker, and admits him to a share of richer
treasures than were ever found in the cave of Ab-
daliah. .
But, sir, to the words themselves: in what seftse
are we to understand them? As far as 1 have
understood the gentlemen who use them, they do
not place their objections to slavery upon the
ground that it covers any particular superficies of
the country—as Alabama, or .Louisiana, or Texas,
for example—or upon theground that it may,co\er
any other superficies^ but upon that of its intrinsic
qualities: slavery, as established amongst us, being
in their*judgment a prejudicial and a wicked in-
stitution—wrong in principle, wrong in practice,
wrong evei y way—and one, therefore, the strength
and the growth of which, and the personal sutler-
