316
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 23,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
New Mexico and California—Mr. McDowell.
Ho. of Reps.
er? from which, ought never to be increased by
any act of the Government, and never shall be
by any act or concurrence of theirs. This is their
ground. And if the gentlemen who take it can
only show, that by extending this institution into
oar Mexican territories its basis is made firmer
and deeper than ever—that stronger supports of
law are thereby provided to foster and sustain it—
that a new condition and habit of sBciety more I
favorable to its continuance than any preexisting
one is established—that when it is extended in
that direction it is not correspondently weakened
in any other, and that the number of slaves is
actually increased by the process; if they can show
thatjjy these means, collectively, or by other means :
of equivalent effect, the institution of slavery, con- j
sid'ered as a whole, is rendered by its admission jj
into those territories a more powerful institution ,
than ever—better sustained by law, by social pref- ;
erences, by private interest, and more incapable, ,
throughout the length and breadth of it, of volun- ,!
tary control,—then they will make out a case of i
real and substantial "extension," and not of ideal |j
6nly. But, Mr. Chairman, I deny that the admis- "
sion of slavery into these territories will be fol-
lowed by any such general and invigorating con-
sequences to itself as these, and deny, therefore,
that the "extension" of it thither, in any sub-
stantial-sense, is an extension at all. Nay, sir, I
go further than this, and maintain that such admis-
sion, so far from being an " extension" or invig-
oration of the system of slavery, is, on the other
hand, one of the direct means by which its ulti-
mate extinction (should that be ever desired by
the people who have sanctioned and who only
have the riglifto control it) may be rendered more
accessible and more easy. Every slave, be it
lecoliected, that is taken to California or to New
Mexico, makes one less in some of the States.
Let them be taken by thousands or by tens of
thousands, it matters not, the whole process of i
filling up the territories with them, whether faster ,
or slower, is a process for reducing, pro ianto, the !
numbers of them where they now are, and, con- \
sequently, amounting, in national-effect, to neither I
more nor less than a transfer of these-people«from 1
one portion of the United States to another. And
not only is this true of the first effect, but also of
the ultimate effect of this transfer. For the slave-
holding States, being altogether as fruitful in the
production of everything necessary to human sub-
, sistence as our territories are, the people that in-
habit them are just as remote as any equal num-
bers in the territories could ever be from the period
when their natural progression would be checked
by the scantiness of food. Whatever, then, the
number to which the emigrant slaves and their
posterity might grow up in the territories, if ad-
mitted there, it will be, allowing for the difference
at the outset, substantially the same as that to
which it would have grown up in the States, had
none of them ever been removed. Now, as the j
original supply of slaves for thfs emigration most i
be furnished by the slaveholding States, whose i
own numbers must thereby be reduced by the j
exact amount of that supply, and as their lepro- |
duction in the territories is in no degree greater
than in the supplying States, it is clear, that whilst
a fragment of the slave population has changed an I
old residence for a new one, the population, in j
other respects, is just what it was. Not a solitary 1
human being has been/made a slave by the "ex- I
tension" who would not have been one—necessa- ,
rily and inevitably one—had such extension never !
taken place, and never been dreamed of. As the j
extent of peisonal slavery cannot be.changed by
iis transfer to the territories, what is it that is to
be changed? Not the personal hardships of the
condition, and not the legal enactments by which
that condition is secured or enforced; for it is, in
no respect, even supposable, either that the treat-
ment of the slave will be harsher in the territories
than in the States, or that the properly or oolice
laws which govern him there will differ in any
• material point from those to which he has else-
where been subjected. If slavery, then, in its
most important aspects, in its personal, numerical,
mora!, and legal aspects, is unchanged, if not un- '
changeable, by its admission into the territories, j
where is the harm which comes of this "exten-
sion, that it should be so furiously and rel nt-
lessty resisted? There is but one solitary element
of increased strength or power to slavery which
this extension can involve, and that is the political
one which may contingently inure to it from an
increased representation in the United States Sen-
ate. Should the admission of it into the territories
result, as it probably would, in the final recogni-
tion and establishment of it under their State con-
stitutions, there would result with it the advantage
of being represented by additional members in the
Senate; and in that particular, and that only, the
extension would bring along with it an unques-
tionable gain. In this House there would be none.
The representation m it being founded in numbers,
the whole of the slaves who would be counted for
representatives in California and New Mexico, but
for their removal there, would have been added,
with all their inciease, to the count or reckoning
of the States from which they were taken.
In this House, therefore, the strength of slavery
will no't be increased a particle by its deprecated
extension. In the Senatfe it will be, and it is just
and right, upon the whole spirit andstructure of
our Government, that it should be. We of the
j South, as I have already gaid, are m a double mi-
I nority—one of numbers and one of interest; and on
| behalf particularly of our interest minority, we are
! entitled, consistently with the defensive principles
j of our political system, to direct and adequate con-
I gtitutional protection.
A minority in numbers may be so identical in
j sympathy and interest with the majority in num-
bers as to enjoy, practically and in! fact, the full
benefit and protection of the majority power. But
this can never be the case wiih the minority in
interest, as we have some painful occasion to
know. Our interest is separate, sectional, and
peculiar—at all points an inteiest of antagonism;
adversary, as our constitutional colleagues allege,
to their feelings, tktir habits, their convictions of
right, and their sense of public duty, to sanction
or maintain it; and hence it is an interest which is
| especially liable to attack and aggression, and will
be sure to sutler from both unless protected by a
sufficient constitutional shield. This would be
afforded, in some measure, by adding directly to
its representation in the Senate, and afforded pre-
cisely on the same principle on which that repre-
sentation was originally granted to such States as
Rhode Island and Delaware—the principle, name-,
ly, of defending the weaker against the power and
aggression of the stronger. But even then, with
all the benefit of new and augmented numbers in
the Senate, the whole necessities of our case will
not, at last, be reached; for, to other minorities,
we are destined to that of a minority of States, as
well as of population and interest.
| Turn your eye upon that part of our national
i' map which is yet to be parceled out into States,
! the Mexican territories included, and it would
j seem that the probable and natural division of it
! would be into about five new slaveholding States,
and six or eight non-slaveholding or "Free-soil"
States. Add these five to our present stock of four-
teen, (for I do not reckon Delaware amongst the
slaveholding States,) and we shall have nineteen
States, represented by thirty-eight Senators. Add
the new to the sixteen free States, and they will
amount, at the lowest estimate, to twenty-two in
all, having forty-four Senators.
Thus, upon the supposition that New Mexico
and California should both become slaveholding
States, the other States have now, and will con-
tinue to have, a fixed, established, and immovable
majority. Their present majority, also, in this
House, is obliged to become progressively greater
and greater, at every successive reapportionment
of its numbers. Almost all of the foreign and
almost all of the internal immigration is also to
j them; and, what is more, it is in the power of their
j Representatives in Congress, being a majority of
j the whole, so to dispose of this territorial subject
! as to stimulate that emigration from the slavehold-
j ing States to a greater and more mischievous extent
| than ever.
I Although it would be easy, Mr. Chairman, to
' illustrate the nature and effect of that "extension,"
; so denounced and so resisted by gentlemen here,
in still other aspects, yet enough has been said, 1
think, to show that the main idea which it con-
veys to the popular mind is a deceptive and mis-
taken one; that, in point of fact, the extension of
slavery to the territories will not and cannot make
one single human being in this country a slave,
who would not have been one without it; that it
will not render the personal condition of the slave
I a particle harsher than now; that it will not render
I the rights of slavery, a3 a social or legal system,
! a particle stronger than now; that it will not add
anything whatsoever to its strength, except, con-
tingently, in its greater political representation in
the United States Senate, and that the addition so
made to it there is not only in strictest accordance
with the guarantee principle on which that branch
of Congress, for just such cases, is constituted, but
falls short of full and perfect protection, because of
that ultimate minority in which the slaveholding
States are destined to remain.
We thus see, Mr. Chairman, what extension
will not do. Let us reverse the picture for a mo-
ment, and see what it will do, not politically, but
practically. It will cooperate with other causes
already existing for the gradual transfer of slaves
from situations where their labor is least valuable,
to where it will be most so; that is, from the grain-
growing to the planting regions of the United
States. Wherever sugar and cotton-growing lands
could be liad in these Territories cheaper and more
productive than similar lands in the States, they
would be bought up and settled with slaves, and
. these, to that extent, would be drained off from
' their present abodes into them. This deportation
1 of slaves for the very purpose of settling such
! lands has been steadily going on for many yeara
'■ amongst the States themselves^ until at length it
i has come to mark itself upon the condition of prop-
j erty and the structure of society in some of them—
I Virginia, for instance—by consequences ofthemost
i decided and almost revolutionary kind. First, the
!' annual reduction of the black race by removal is
: equal to, if not greater than his natural annua!
increase. Second, this leduction of black labor
opens up many employments, especially mechan-
ical employments, to the easier and more profitable
pursuit of the white man, and thus discourages
his emigration from the State. Thirdly, this re-
duction has the further effect of leaving a progres-
sively increasing deficiency of labor for the full
occupation and tillage of the soil, and so throws
out of use and into market immense quantities of
improved land, which, far exceeding the wants
and the means of local purchasers, are left to grow
on into greater and greater amount, until, by-and-
by—perhaps at this hour—habitations of a com-
fortable kind, and of indefinite extent, can be had
upon better terms in the oldest, and, commercially
considered, the best portions of that "ancient"
Commonwealth, than even in the unpeopled wilds
of-the "far West." These causes, combining
with one another and with other causes, have so
operated upon the relative growth of the two races
in that State, as to be daily adding to the more
and more decided preponderance of the white one.
If they are allowed to work on as they have already
done and are now doing, especially if the auxiliary
and stimulating cause of a free admission of slaves
into the Territories be superadded, it is evident,
as their number, both absolute and relative, will
grow less and less, that the whole system of sla-
very in Virginia will be placed in a new and more
; | controllable relation than it has ever stood in be-
ll fore. When, under the uniform and wholesome
" law of private interest, the black population of
!| Virginia and Maryland and North Carolina, Mis-
' | souri or Kentucky, quietly empties itself out upon
|j the sugar and the cotton lands of the Territories,
• : or of the lower South, where the torrid sun is so
•J propitious to their constitution and labor, and
!j when, as a consequence of this removal, freemen
l| enter into and occupy the homes they have left,
i! what is there in this to lament? What shock does
!| it inflict upon personal humanity or general free-
dom, that those of us here who are the professed,
II if not the exclusive supporters of both, should
!; denounce and deplore it?
But, .Mr. Chairman, let this transfer of the slave
:: to the lower, more congenial, and more profitable
ji latitudes of the South be stopped; begin the stop-
;j page of it here, by shutting him out of your terri-
.1 tones in Mexico; let that act of yours be followed,
j as it surely would be, by prohibitory acts on the
i: part of the slaveholding States themselves, mutu-
|| ally forbidding importations from one another, then
! the relative progression of the black over the white
I' race will rapidly advance, and a disastrous future
