1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL CLOBE.
f 19
30fH Cong 2d Sess.
Slavery in the Territories—Mr. Turner.
Ho. of Reps.
fo defend, and to save;—yes, for the overwhelming
of him and such as him; for where, under Provi-
dence, but upon the heart—the constant and de-
voted heart—where but upon the patriotism and
the virtue of her sons is the country to rely in the
moment of adversity, or at any time to rely against
the perversion of her own mighty elements of good
into mighty engines of evil?
Give us but a part of that devotion which
glowed in the heart of the younger Pitt, and
of our own elder Adams, who, in the midst of
their agonies, forgot not the countries they had
lived for, but mingled with the spasms of their
dying hour a last and imploiing appeal to the Pa-
rent of all Mercies that he would remember, in
eternal blessings, the land of their birth: give us
their devotion—give us that of the young enthu-
siast of Paris, who, listening to Miraheau in one
of his surpassing vindications of human rights,
and seeing him fall from his stand, dying, as a
physician proclaimed, for the want of blood, rushed
to the spot, and as he bent over the expiring man,
bared his arm for the lancet, and cried again and
again, with impassioned voice-—" Here, take it—
'take it—oh! take it from me; let me die, so that
' Mirabeau and the liberties of my country may
' not perish!" Give us something only of such a
spirit aS this—something only of such a love of
country, and we are safe, forever safe: the troubles
which shadow over and oppress us now, will pass
away as a summer cloud. No measure of unal-
lowable wrong, no measure of unconquerable dis-
agreement, will be pressed upon us here. The
fatal element of all our discord will be taken from
amongst us. Let gentlemen be "entreated to remove
it, as the one only and solitary obstacle to our per-
. feet peace. Let them be adjured by the weal of tins
and of coming ages—by our own and our chil-
dren's good—by all that we love or that we look
for in the progress and the glories of our land, to
leave the entire subject of slavery, with every ac-
countability it may'impose, every remedy it may
require, every accumulation of difficulty or of
pressure it may reach—to leave it all to the inter-
est, to the wisdom, and to the conscience of those
upon whom the providence of God and the Con-
stitution of their country have cast it. Leave it
to them, now and forever, and stop, whilst it is yet
possible to stop, the furious and blind headway of
that wild and mad philanthropy, which is lighting
up for the .Nation itself the fires of tne stake, and
which is rushing on, stride after stride, to an in-
testine struggle that may bury us all under a
harder, and wickeder, and more incurable slavery,
than any it would extinguish.
Nothing but aggravation of heart and of lot have
been brought upon the poor slave by the rash and
Unwarranted efforts which have been put forth to
relieve him. They have broken down the footing
he had reached, crushed the sympathies he had
won, embarrassed and accursed the fortunes they
were intended to contiol. The generous and
elevatin0* influence of our free institutions was re-
laxing his bondage, bettering his condition, lifting
up his character, turning-upon him the public
anxieties and the public counsels, as a fit and de-
serving object of provident and public provision—
was changing, at all points, the aspects of his rate,
when the spirit of Abolitionism, political and fa-
natic, came from abroad to scourge him with a
demon visitation, to wrench him from the arms of
his only true and only capable benefactors, to
throw him back again upon the earth, a thousand-
fold more suspected, separate, and forlorn than
ever; riveting upon him every fetter it would
loosen, poisoning every blessing it would bestow;
and so filling his whole case with elements of hope-
lessness, explosion, and evil, that the heart shud-
ders whilst it weeps to look upon it. Whatare they
who cherish and direct this spirit? Friends of the
slave? They are robbing him of every vestige of
liberty he has left. Friends of humamty ? They
are staking it, ruthlessly staking it, upon the issues
of massacre and convulsion. Friends of the coun-
try? They are rapidly becoming its iron homicides,
cleaving down its Constitution with murderous
arm, and tearing it limb from limb.
Should it ever happen, as the result of any in-
terference-and action here, that some msuigent
ebullition of the slave will break out amongst
us, that the blood of our people will be made to
stream in our dwellings, and ooze up from the
bosom of the soil that feeds us, it will cry aloud, like
that of Abel, for vengeance against the brother's
hand that shed it; and vengeance would be had,
though every drop that was left should be poured
out in one anguished and dying effort to obtain it.
Nothing but Heaven could stop a people so lashed
up to phrensy by rage and suffering and wrong,
from sending back upon the firesides and the fields
of the guilty that visitation of calamity and death
which had first been sent to desolate their own.
Spare, oh! spare us the curse of a broken brother-
hood—of a ruined, ruined, ruined country. Re-
member that there are no groans like the groans
of expiring liberty—no convulsions like those
which her dying agonies extort. It took Rome
some three hundred years to die. With far deeper
vitality than hers, our end, when it comes, will
come with a far keener, crueler, and bitterer pang.
Give up our common and united country—give
it up at the call of some sectional interest—sacrifice
it to the phrensy of fanaticism or of passion—let
it go down, down, under some monstrous and hor-
rible struggle of brother with brother,—do this, and
you will get it back again as you have it now—the
home of happiness, the city upon a hill towering up
for the light and for the healing of nations—you
will get it thus again when the "shadows shall go
back upon the dial of Ahaz"—wl\en He who sent
out the luminary of day upon his march shall again
put forth his hand and stop him in his pathway of
light.
it is said, sir, that at some dark hour of our rev-
olutionary contest, when army after army had been
lost, when dispirited, beaten, wretched, the heart
of the boldest and faithfulest died within them,
and all, for an instant, seemed conquered except
the unconquerable soul of our father-chief,—it is
said that at that moment, rising above all the au-
guries around him, and buoyed «p by the inspira-
tion of his immortal work for all Lhe trials it could
bring, he roused anew the sunken spirit of his as-
sociates by this confident and daring declaration:
t( Strip me (said he) of the dejected and suffer-
ing remnant of my army—take from me all that
1 have le/t—leave me but a banner, give me but
the means to plant it upon the mountains of West
Augusta, and I will yet draw around me the men
who will lift up their bleeding country from the
dust, and set her free." Give to me, who am a
son and representative here of that same West
Augusta, give to me as a banner the propitious
measure I have endeavored to support, help me
to plant it upon this mountain top of our na-
tional power, and the land of Washington, undi-
vided and unbroken, will be our land, and the land
of our children's children forever. So help me to
do this at this hour, and generations hence, some
future son of the South, standing where 1 stand,
in this same honored Hall, and in the midst of our
legitimate successors, will bless and praise and
thank God that he, too, can say of them, as I of
you, and of all around me, These, these are my
brethren, and this, this, oh! this, too, is my country.
jVoti-:.—Mr. McDowell, in committing the foregoing
speech to the press, deems it but just to say, that, though
lm labored to report it cxaetly as it was delivered, yet lie
has succeeded in part only. In Some parts the repoit lie
knows to be exact, but m otheis to be rather a resemblance
than a copy. Some paragiaphs are published which were
glanced at only, anil not spoken, lest the hour rule should
cut off others thai, at the tunc, he preferred to introduce,
gome short poition.-, on the other hand, are omitted enlii ely,
becau&e the geneial tone ot thein could not be recoveied.
SLAVERY IN THE TERRITORIES.
SPEECH OF MR. T. J. TURNER,
OF ILLINOIS,
In the House of Representatives,
February 23, 1849.
The bill making appropriations for the support of thfi Post
Office Department t'or tlie year 1850, and for other purposes,
being under congelation—
Mr. TURNER moved an amendment to strike
out the first section of the bill; and proceeded to
address the committee.
I shall offer no apology (said he) to this com-
mittee for following in the footsteps of a great
many gentlemen who have made speeches on this
floor that have had very little relation to the sub-
ject immediately before the committee. We ate
now upon the last days of the session; it'is per-
haps the last time 'when my voice will ever be
heard in this Hall, and I propose to make a few
remarks denning some of the views which I hold
upon the subject of slavery, and, in connection
with that subject, upon the question relative toth^l
establishment of territorial governments for New
Mexico and California.
Sir, I hold that it is the duty of the present Con-
gress, short a3 is the time which remains to it, to
provide governments for the Territories of Califor-
nia and New Mexico. 1 hold that it is our duty
to provide governments for them, from a variety
of considerations. The first is, that by -treaty
stipulations we have bound ourselves to the inhab-
itants of those territories to furnish them govern-
ments, or to furnish them protection until such
time as they may be admitted into the Union of
these States. A great many different propositions
have been brought before Congress pointing -to
that result. We have had Territorial bills, and
we have had bills proposing to admit these Terri-
tories into the union of the States. For one, I am
decidedly in favor of giving these countries Terri-
torial and not State governments; and for many
reasons. It is well known to every member of
this committee, that the people who are now in
those territories have emigrated thither from all
parts of the Union. Many of them have gone
for the purpose of taking up a permanent abode
there; many for the temporary purpose of amass-
ing a fortunp; and many of them, who went with
the intention of returning, will perhaps remain
permanently, in consequence of the inducements
which are held out to them. But would it be jus-
tice to that people—would it be justice fo our
friends and brethren who have gone there from
the several States of this Union—to throw upon
them at this time the hurdens and expenses of a
State government? Why, these emigrants have
not yet houses to shelter them from the inclem-
encies of the elements; they have not yet fields
reduced to cultivation, from which they can raise
the necessaries of life; they are almost unable to
j subsist; and shall we, in this state of the case,
I throw upon them the additional burden of support-
i ingand maintaining a State government? It would
\ be rolling upon them a burden which has never
i been thrown upon any other people in similar cir-
cumstances.
Mr. TALLMADGE rose to a point of order.
The bill under consideration, he said, was a bill
j making appropriations for the Post Office Depart-
ment, and the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Tcr 
ner] was now discussing the questionof slavery.
He put it to the committee, whether -the public
business was thus to be suspended from day today
by discussions totally irrelevant to the subject-
matters before it.
The CHAIRMAN said, that according to the
universal usiige, when the House was in Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, all
manner of matter was debated ; and the Chair
therefore felt obliged to decide in favor of the gen-,
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Turner,] and to over-
rule the point of order.
Mr. TALLMADGEappealedfrom the decision.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan, called for tellers
on the appeal; which were refused.
After some conversation, the question was taken,
and the decision of the Chair was affirmed.
So Mr. TURNER proceeded with his remarks.
He said that he certainly felt under great obliga-
tions to the committee for the courtesy it had
shown him. He hoped that, the question of order
being now settled, he should be permitted to go on
and make the few remarks which he proposed to
submit. He did not expect that he should occupy
the whole hour allowed by the rule. He might,
however, do so. He had no promises to make on
that point.
At the time he had been interrupted, he was re-
markino that it was unjust and unfair to throw the
burdens of State governments upon those emi-
grants who had gone to these Territories from the
different States. .
Mr. McCLERNAND interposed, and asked his
colleague to yield the floor for a moment.
Mr. TURNER having done so— • _
Mr. McCLERNAND said he understood his
colleague to admit the right of the, people of Cal-
ifornia, and of every other people, to govern them-
