220
APPENDIX-TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 23,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Slavery in the Territories—Mr. Turner..
Ho. of Reps.
selves1, this was an inherent and inalienable right.
Very well; if the peopleof California had peti-
tioned Congress for. its consent to enable them to
form a Slate government, would not the gentle-
man give it? would he not let the people judge for
^Jlhepiselves ? Besides, it would be left to the peo-
ple of California to accept or reject the offer of our
consent. There would be no.compulsion in the
case.
, Mr.McC. differed from his colleague; he would
vote for any proper measure designed to facilitate
the formation of a State government by the people
of California, and the admission of such Stale into
the Union. He believed sound policy and public
duty demanded this.
Mr. TURNER resumed. I know that a great
many gentlemen in this House arc in favor of j
erecting these Territories into States at the piesent
time. I am not exceedingly vain of my powers
to persuade or convince; but I believe that if pre-
judice could 'be laid entirely-aside, and this ques-
tion could be stripped of the external circumstances
which invest it, 1 could convince every member of
this House that it is not proper, at this time, to
erect these Territories into State governments. But
the subject was so invested with external circum-
stances that the minds of men were not prepared
to receive even a sound argument m relation to it.
I therefore address myself, through this commit-
tee, to my constituents and to the country at large,
and leave to the test of time to decide whether the
views that I present are right or wrong.
I have stated some of the reasons why I think
these Territories should not be erected into States.
I say fuither that i am not aware that any large or
respectable portion of the citizens of Cahforma'or
jNew Mexico have petitioned Congress to be ad-
mitted as States. 1 am not aware of the fact. But
1 concede that the people in any territory have a
right, when a sufficient number shall be there to
organize a State government, to apply for admis-
sion into the Union. And i ask my colleague,
{Mr. McClernand,] and those gentlemen who are
in favor of the State government, whether the peo-
ple of New Mexico or California have met in con-
vention and resolved to apply to Congress for
admission? I know that they have nut. And
until ihey do apply, it would be an act of tyranny
in us to force such a condition upon them.
The policy of our Government from its earliest
history to this time, has been to afford to our col-
onies or territories the protection of territorial
governments. We have not thrown upon them,
their infant state, the burdens and expenses
of government, but we have taken them' upon
ourselves. We first organized the Northwestern
Territory. Prom that sprung a great number of
territories which have since had the benefits of
similar governments, iiach new settlement, as it
spread itself out into the wilderness, was protected
by a territorial government. So with our acqui-
sitions from France and Spam. Our purchases
from those Governments were also allowed the
protection of territorial governments. Is there
-anything which should make California and New
Mexico an exception to the general rule? Have
they committed any crime that they are not to be
entitled to the "same rights, privileges, and immu-
nities which weie extended to other infant set-
tlements? The people of those countries are
bone of our bone, and flesh of our flesh. They
?jTL°Ur '"al'lers  brothers, cousins, atul uncles.
Who is theie on this floor who has not friends or
neighbors m that country? I appeal to this com-
mittee and to Congress to say, if they are willinc
to let the people remain there unprotected by a
gov, rnment. Appeals have been made to us fiom
all quarters of tiie Union; the nress has spoken out
almost unanimously upon the subject. We are
constantly leminded that the golden treasures of
California invite to its borders hordes of lawless
adventurers. The robber, the thief, and the as-
sassin will be there, hence the necessity for laws
and a government; and it we neglect them much
longer, the people will be driven by necessity to
establish an independent government, or to -seek 1
protection at the hand of another nation. All par- •
ties in Congress agree that governments ought to '
be given to theni; and the countries being now free '
iiom slavery, it is absurd for gentlemen who pro-!
fess to be in favor of government to require as a |i
condition that slavery shall be carried there and !i
sustained; and if we fail to organize territorial gov- 1
ernments, the responsibility will rest upon the pro- i
slavery members of this House. j
This leads me to another branch of the subject, j
which I regard as of rather more importance than
anything 1 have yet spoken of. I refer to the jsub- '
ject of slavery as connected with the great subject
of the Territories of California and New Mexico.
I speak from the book—I speak from positive
knowledge, when I say that a very large portion
of the members of this House who are in favor of
organizing these territories into States at the pres-
ent time, are in favor of doing so for the purpose
of avoiding this vexed question of slavery. When
I make this declaration, I speak what I know to be
the fact. Is it right that we, under existing circum-
stances, should evade this question of slavery ? Is
it right that we should skulk from it? Is it right
that we should evade it in any way ? I hold that
it is not. That great question is now before us.
It has been brought before us in th.e most imposing
form; and it is part of the duty of members of
Congress to meet it boldly and"fearlessly; to set-
tle it, and, let the settlement cost what it may, I
am in favor of settling it. And my reasons for
this opinion are various.
One of them is, that so long as the subject of sla-
very agitates thp minds of members of Congress,
it will produce ill-feeling throughout the country, i
It tends to array the North against the South, and !
the South against the North, and therefore the !
counsels of wisdom are, that in some way or other i
it should be settled. ;
But there is another reason why I deem it of j
more importance that the question should be set- j
tied at this session of Congress. 1 allude to the !
fact that the ill-feeling in relation to it has already i
grown so high as seriously to threaten theperma- i
nence of the Union. I know that this is rather a |
cant phrase; and I know that it fiequently creates |
a smile when it is used. I know the answer to it. I
The answer generally is: " Oh! such a thing can- |
not be done; the Union cannot be dissolveu." I il
brought to bear in the formation of this address—
or perhaps, more properly speaking, it should be
called this declaration of independence. In it, the
grievances of the South for years are portrayed in
vivid colors, without any circumstance of pallia-
tion. In it are laid down all the aggressions which
could be charged against the North. And it winds
up by declaring that if such and such measures
should be enacted by Congress—if such and such
things should not be put a stop to in the United
States, they must resist. The address urges re-
sistance. Therefore, I say that it is time to take
tms matter seriously in hand.
What are the main features of that address?
What position does the South take on the subject?
And what is the relation between the people of the
South and the people of the North in' regard to it?
How are we to act? Can we longer act in unison?
Can the South act with the North, or the North
with the South, upon this great question of sla-
very? The first charge brought against the Noith,
in the line of aggression, is, the passage of the bill
commonly called the Missouri compromise. That
is marked as a starting point of aggression by the
North. But .a'very simple answer divests it of
very much of its force: the fact that a southern
man—a man who had been the leader of a great
party in the United States—was the authorof that
compromise bill. It would appear to be a sufficient
answer to say, that Henry Clay, a southern man,
a man owning slaves himself, was the author of
the bill. But if that were not so, the answer would
be found in the fact that the South itself had since,
by its votes m the Senate and in the House of
Representatives, adopted that line as the measure
by which they were willing to abide.
Mr. KAUFMAN interrupted Mr. Turner. He
stated, that if the gentleman had examined the
Journals of Congress in regard to the admission of
Missouri, he would have lound that the Missouri
compromise line, prohibiting slavery north of 36°
30' of north latitude, did not originate with Mr.
Clay, but that it was first introduced into the United
was, until a few months past, among the number I! Slates Senate by Mr. Thomas, of Illinois, and
of those who believed so. I believed tha.t no agi- j afterwards into the House of Representatives by
tation could endanger the stability and permanency Mr. Storrs, of New York. There were two Mis-
ot the Gtovernment and of the Union. But recent
events have convinced my mind that there is dan-
ger that this agitation may be carried so far as even
to sever the bonds of the Union. It is but a few
years since that any individual who talked of a
dissolution of the Union, was thought little better
than a traitor. A man who would gravely stand
up on this floor, or anywhere else, and seriously
speak of a dissolution of the Union as a thing that
could happen, would be regarded almost as an
enemy to the country. But now such an event
j has become the subject of daily remark here,
j Since I have had the honor of a seat on this floor,
' there have been many members who have come
souri compromises—one in regard to slaves, and
j the other in regard to free negroes. After the Mis-
j souri compromise line had been established by
Congress, Missouri presented her constitution to
Congress, by one provision of wiiich free 'negroes
were prevented from removing to that Suite. This
provision created tremendous excitement and op-
position. Mr. Clay (who was Speaker at the time
of the establishment of the Missouri compromise
line, but on account of his absence at the com-
mencement of the next session of Congress his
pfece as Speaker being supplied by John W.Tay-
lor, of New York—resumed-his place on the floor)
put himself at the head of a joint committee of
out boldly and fearlessly, and declared in their !j both Houses, and compromised"the difficulty in re-
p aces, that if such and such a thing should come j j gard to this free negro provision, by inserting- a
th PtT-' ^ W6re r y antl PrePared t0 dissolve j provision in the bill finally admitting Missouri,
p.;/".?"' • ■ i j: tllfit her admission should not be complete unless
onvfr c if SplnA /"? st0PPed here/ h£*s I she previously insert in her State constitu-
g e anther. One of^the most imposing meet- :! tion the following provision of the Constitution of
the United States, viz: "The citizens of each State
shall be entitled to all privileges and immunities of
citizens m the several btates.'5 IVii&soun conn-
plied, and her admission was consummated. Of
this compromise, Mr. Clay was the author; but as
far as the Journals s^how, he had nothing to do with
the Missouri compromise line in regard to slavery.
Mr. rURiNER resumed. I am aware that Mr.
ings ever held in the United States—a meetin-
| composed of the venerable, the aged, the middle^
j Qged, and young members of Congress, from a
, large portion of the country, embracing half of the
; States of the Union, recently assembled within
, the halls of this Capitol for the purpose of testing
i t(ie ^al"e of this Union. They met, I say, within
the halls of this Capitol for the purpose of pre-
i1^7 WOuW n0t Thomas, of Illinois, offered that'proposiuom lam
r not- ,i, •° the United States to pass. : also aware that peeuns of glory have been sung to
phiKnthronist Vu'™ ' P"*01 tlle the "ame of *e illuBtriouf Clay theSLthfnd
philanthropist should awake to the importance of
the subject ? Is it not time that they should weiffh
, it in all its length and breadth, that we may see
j and know precisely how deeply this feelin^ of
i ™tred has taken root in the breasts of members of ;
i Congress and of the peopleof the nation? We can
judge something of the magnitude of the event to !
which I refer by the imposing address which has
been issued by that meeting—an address prepared
by no less enlightened a man than John C. Cal-
houn—a man as illustrious in the annals of the !
country as any other—a man whose intellectual I'
acquirements are not surpassed
those of • '
if equaled, by
ions Clay in the South and
m the JN'orth, as the author of that glorious com-
promise. Why, the name of Clay is not unknown
to this Republic! The great glory oi his life-'—that
upon which his friends have placed the greatest
stiess—has been that he saved the Union at a crit-
ical moment. And 1 am told by a venerable mem-
ber near me, [Mr. C. J. Ingersojll,] that the bill
can now be found in the handwriting of Mr. Clay,
among- the records of the Senate. Democrat as I
am, 1 am unwilling to shear that illustrious man.
of one plume that he wears by that deed. I am
unwilling to rob him of his just fame. I am un-
willing now, in the decline of his life, after he has
thosp ftPanvAthor ,i r,-X. > y • J,vw, m ine uecuiie ui nis nie, aiter ne nas
the talent and the riiezeal, i| been cast aside by his own party, to pluck one
telent' anU tfa0 of such a man, were II plume from the cap of his lame.
