-T.T.
1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Governments for the Neiv Territories—Mr. Buclmer.
Ha, of Reps.
designed it for one great confederation of States by
; combining every variety of climate, soil, and pro-
duction. The East cannot say to the West, we
fc are independent; the North cannot say to the
South, nor the South to the North, that we derive
no benefit from our union, for the interests of all
the parts depend upon the whole. The bread-
stuffs of the West are needed.in the North and
South; the manufactures of the North are needed
in the South and West; and the cotton, sugar, and
tobacco of the South, are needed in the North and
West. Thus are we mutually dependent upon
each other; and a dissolution of the Union would
destroy the best interests of all sections; and we
have no right to calculate what portion would suf-
fer most. But as far as the institution of slavery
is concerned, how would the matter stand with the
South? Will their peculiar institutions be more
safe when the power of the General Government
is broken, and it depends upon the slaveholding
States alone for its support? When the North
shall be discharged from all constitutional obliga-
tions, think you she will permit runaway slaves to
be recaptured? When insurrections break out
among the negroes, will the North take sides with
the oppressor against the oppressed ? Sir, the day
i that marks the dissolution of this Union will hear
the death-knell of slavery. The chains will be
torn from the limbs of the black man, and Ethio-
pia will stretch out her free hands to her God;
and that, sir, will be the only bright star that will
shine out upon the dark bosom of the storm that
wrecks our common country.
If we yield the great principle of right and jus-
tice, and establish slavery and protect it in our free
possessions, we will incur the contempt of'theciv-
* ilized world; but if, on the contrary, we evince the
firmness which ought to characterize the legisla-
tion of a great country by enacting laws just to
all, without special favors to any, we will com-
mand the respect of the world, and bind, by another
link, the hearts of our people to the whole coun-
try. In times of peace and national prosperity,
the people, that great substratum of society, which
nourishes and supports our glorious institutions,
; are overlooked and perhaps neglected; but in times
' like these, when danger hangs like a pall of dark-
ness upon our country, the patriot turns with hope
: and confidence to the uncorrupted, incorruptible
\ people.
They will never consent to a dissolution of the
Union because slavery is not extended over New
' Mexico and California. We are now- a prosper-
ous and happy nation. There is not a people
upon earth whose advancement equals ours. The
i tide of our progress has been onward until it spans
; the continent. Our numbers are as the trees of
'■ the forest; they cover the hills like the clouds*of
heaven. Our glory is not alone in numbers and
J in strength, although a million armed men would
spring from our bosom at the first note of danger;
but our commerce rivals that of the Mistress of the
Seas. We have chained the elements to the car of
[ science, until our thoughts fly upon the lightning's
wing from one end of the continent to the other.
Will the people, then, with all these evidences of
the benefits and blessings of our Federal Union,
permit themselves to be launched out upon a sea
of-uncertainty, where no chart points to a haven
of repose? We stand upon the brink of ruin's
I precipice; we can no longer shut our eyetf upon
danger and feel that we are secure, for at our very
feet yawns a gulf, upon whose dark waters ate
written, in characters of blood, " the grave of na-
tions whose unity have been severed by domestic
discord."
GOVERNMENTS FOR THE NEW TERRITORIES.
SPEECH OF MR. A. BUCKNER,
OF KENTUCKY,
In the House of Representatives,
February 17, 1849,
On the propriety of organizing Governments for
the Territories.
Mr. Chairman: It is the duty of Congress to
organize governments for the Territories of 3N"ew
Mexico and California. The. military- rule in fotce
in these Territories during the continuance of the
war, ceased upon the ratification of the treaty of
peace with the Republic of Mexico. The only
government that obtains there now is one partly
civil and partly military, established by the neces-
sity of the case, and ought to be superseded at
the earliest practicable*period of time. The only
difficulty in the way of legislation is to be found
in the question of slavery. The agitation of this
subject has already disturbed the harmony and
peace of the Union, and is regarded by some as
threatening its dissolution. It is the part of wis-
dom to remove this cause of discord, to close up
this fountain of bitter waters. In the adjustment
of the terms by which governments a e to be given
to these Territories, the slave States cannot suffer.
Governments once established, the North will be
hushed into silence, fanaticism lose the food which
feeds it, and the Union become,moi^e indissolubly
united. The factionists of the North and South,
by the advocacy of unwise measures and the use
of imprudent speeches, have fomented sectional
jealousies and excited prejudices, which, if not
arrested, must lead to the most unhappy results.
Remove the cause of the excitement, and tran-.
quillity necessarily follows. Give governments to
these Territories, and the whole country will glide
smoothly and rapidly into a state of quietude equal
to that which prevailed anterior to the origin of
the controversy.
In my opinion, slavery can never be planted in
these Territories. Many causes exist, insuperable
in their nature, to prevent any such result. In the
first instance, should Congress sanction the intro-
duction of slavery within their limits, it would be
conferringa useless privilege. Their soil* climate,
and agricultural productions forbid the profitable
employment of negro slaves. A careful perusal of
the reconnoissance made of these Territories by
Colonel Fremont, Lieutenants Emory, Abert,
Cooke, and Johnston, who were directed by the
President to examine the country, and to ascer-
tain, among other objects, its agricultural and min-
eral resources, must satisfy every unprejudiced
mind of this fact. Nine-tenths of it is either rough,
barren,' and inaccessible mountains, whose sum-
mits in many instances ate covered with everlast-
ing snows, or vast, sterile, and and deserts, desti-
tute of water, vegetation, and all animal subsistence.
The residue of the country is at times partially
covered with grass: occasionally an oasis is found,
rich in verdure, but in the gieater part of it nature
makes but feeble and often abortive attempts to cover
her nakedness. The year is divided into but two
seasons, the.wet and the dry. The first is from
December to March; the last, the remainder of the
year. During the wet season the rams often fall
in large quantities, but m the dry season not a drop
is looked for,or experienced. Then an oppressive
and even intense heat predominates,consuming the
grass and drying up the small streams of water.
Famine, the most direful of ail calamities that can
afflict a country, would prevail, but for the man-
ner in which the soil is cultivated. This is done
by irrigation; the water is drawn from the streams
by the use of canals and other artificial contrivan-
ces, and is thus made to overflow the fields in cul-
tivation, giving sustenance and nourishment to the
growing crops. But I will quote from the author-
ities just mentioned for a more full and accurate
description of this country and ofits physical pecu-
liarities.
" The country, (says Lieutenant Efnoiy,) fiom the Arkan-
sas to too Colorado, a distance of over 1}20J miles, in its
adaptation to agnculiuie, peculiarities which must for-
ever stamp itself upon the population which inhabits it. Ali
of North Mexico, embracing New Mexico, Chihuanua, So-
noia, and tf.e California®, a  far north us the Sacramento,
as lar as the best nifonu-Uion goes, the same in the physical
character ot Us surface, and dilitrs but little in chmute and
products.
"In no part of this vast tract can the rains tiom heaven
be idled upon to any extent fjr the cultivation ot the soil.
The eai th l* destitute of trees, and m great part also of any
vegetation whatever.
"A tew feeble streams flow in different directions from
the great mountains, which in many place* tiaveiae this
region. Tne^e >tiearns aie separated sometime? by plains,
and sometimes by mountains, without water and without
vegetation, and may be called deserts, m> lar as they perforin
any useful part m the sustenance ot animal life. The culti-
vation of the earth is, therefoie, confined to those nairow
strips of land which are withm the level of the waters of
the streams, and wherever practised m a community with
any success or to any extent, involves a debtee of subordi-
nation and absolute obedience to a chiet repugnant to the
habits of our people. .
'• The chief who directs the time and quantity ot the pre-
cious irrigating water must be implicitly obeyed by the whole
community. A departure from his oiders, by the \>a?te ot
water or unjust distubution of it, or neglect to make
proper eaib.mkroents, may endanger the means of subsist-
ence of many people. He must, therefore, be armed with
power to punish promptly'and immediately.'?
Again: Describing the country east of the Tu-
lare lakes, and south of the parallel of 36°, an<$
the country between the Colorado and Gila rivers,
he says:
" Of these regions nothing is known except from the
reports of trappers and the speculations of geologists. As
far as these accounts go, all concur in reprtseimng it as a
waste of s-and and rock, unadorned with vegetation, poorly
watered, and unfit, it Is believed, for any of tljp useful pur-
poses ot life. A glance at the map will show what an im-
mense area is embraced in these boundaries; and, notwith-
standing the oial accounts in regard to it, it is difficult to
bring the mind to the belief in the existence of such a sea of
waste and deseit, when every other grand division of the
earrh presents some prominent l'tatuie in the economy of
nature administeiing to the wants of man."
The principal agricultural productions of this
country are Indian corn and wheat; the grape is
successfully cultivated, and makes a fair quality of
wine; detached and small parts of it oner good
pasturage for cattle and sheep; but the remote and
isolated position of .New Mexico from the com-
mercial parts of the world will prevent its ever
having a foreign market for its surplus products.
The nearest settlements to New Mexico on the
west are the towns of the Pacific coast, distant six
or seven hundred miles, and separated by nearly
impassable deserts. Chihuahua is distant from
the most southern settlement of New Mexico four
hundred and twenty miles, and most of the inter-
vening country desert; the traders are usually from
thirty to forty days transporting loads from Santa
Fe to Chihuahua. To the east the nearest settle-
ments are our own borders; the distance to Fort
Leavenworth, by the usually traveled route, is eight
hundred and seventy miles. New Mexico has no
railroads, canals, or navigable rivers, to facilitate
intercourse with,or cheapen transportation to, for-
eign markets. But, from the best data furnished,
it may well be doubted, if this country can afford
much of an agricultural surplus after supplying the
wants of its inhabitants. The necessity for irriga-
tion, and the small supply of water found in that
country, fixes a limit, and a very narrow one, to
all the tillable soil, and consequently to the amount
of its productions. Lieutenant Emory, speaking
of the amount of tillable soil in this country, says:
"The surface covered with vegetation, (hough small, is
difficult to estimate; and perhaps u is ummpoitatrt that an
estimate should be made, since the piodtictivem *s ot these
regions depends on otlu r considerations u>an smoothness of
suitacc and character of soil. The lams cannot be relied
upon, and the tiller of the earth depends upon irrigation ft orn
the mountain streams for his crops. The extent of ground
capable ot tillage is thus reduced to very narrovviiniiL?, eacy
of computation. A knowledge of the water courses, their
fall, volume and extent, and'Ihe quantity of land.- on their
maigm within the ievei of these waters, are the dau upon
winch the computation mus-l be based. Taking this as a
guide, an inspection of a map will give a g''iieiaJ idea of the
extent of arable ground, sufficiently correct for all piaetiea-
ble purposes; but, tn candoi, it should be said, that many
stream^ laid down in it di-appear in the sand, while the
rocky cliff-, forming the banks of others, render navigation
impracticable."
Lieutenant Peck remarks upon the same subject,
when speaking of the Territory of New Mexico,
I that a large portion of it is made up of sands,
rocks, and desert waste.. He says:
"If jou cait your eye upon the map, you will see from the
I position of the towns where the arable land is found. A
narrow strip along the Del Norte, with a few detached
patches heie and theie upon the affluents of the same river,
constitute it all; for there is very little land not ahtady im-
proved that is worth occupying."
The present population of New Mexico is esti-
mated at one hundred thousand persons. A very
large proportion of this number is composed of
j poor, illiterate, and degraded Indians, substantially
slaves to the few resident Mexicans of Spanish
descent, and who, from their extreme indigence
and a limited demand for labor, are compelled to
work for a mere pittance. The remoteness of
New Mexico from a suitable market, her abundant
cheap labor, the small amount of tillable soil with-
in her limits, and the great expense and trouble
attendant upon its cultivation, taken in connection
with the character of her agricultural products and
other commercial resources, must prevent the prof-
itable transfer of negro slave labor from the rice,
cotton, and sugar plantations of the South, or from
the corn, wheat, tobacco, and hemp fields of the
western States, to the banks of the Rio Grande.
Nature has more effectually prohibited slavery in
New Mexico than can any legislative enactment
