224
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRjESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 17,
,30th Cong.....2d Sess.
Governments for the New Territories—Mr. Buckner.
Ho. op Reps.
of Congress. The same objections obtain against
all the territories acquired by the .treaty with Mex-
ico, subject to slight modifications in respect to the
country embraced within the valley of the Sacra-
mento and San Joaquin rivers. This valley is
situated between the Sierra Nevada mountains and
the Pacific Ocean, north of the 36th parallel, and
contains the only valuable territory in California.
Its general character is barren and unproductive,
yet with a fine climate and the use of irrigation,
many parts of it are made to yield abundantly, and
coulu only be made to produce by these means.
Wheat and corn, rye and oats, with all the fruits
Of the temperate and many of the tropical climates,
are cultivated with success.' But this valley can be
of little value for agricultural purposes, and must be
incapable of sustaining, by its own agricultural re-
sources, the dense population destined to inhabit it.
The rivers of the valley begin to rise with the
rains of the wet season, and are kept up the first
part of the summer by'the melting of the snows
in the adjacent mountains. They often overflow
their banks, submerging many of the contiguous
bottoms, and this at a season when it does great
damage to the crops; the low temperature of the
water not only checks the growth, but more .fre-
quently destroys the entire crop whether of grass
or gram. These inundations do not take place
every year. That depends upon the amount of
snow which accumulates in the neighboring moun-
tains during the preceding winter. The overflows
are of frequent, notannual, occurrence. This over-
flow offers an impediment which will prevent the
cultivation of many of those rich alluvial bottoms
now regarded by many as furnishing fine sites for
productive farms.
The small valleys at the foot of the mountains,
which, from their rapid descent and the streams of
water which occasionally flow through them and
furnish the means and facilities of irrigation, are
the only spots of soil which can be cultivated, and
are the seats of the missions. The amount of till-
able sou in this valley will be found upon actual
experiment, comparatively speaking, confined to
a very few acres—far too few to meet the wants of
its inhabitants. Until within a few years this
valley has been occupied by intelligent, industrious,
and energetic Catholic missionaries from Spain for
at least two hundred years. During that period of
time they were not enabled, with the cooperation
of the tractable Indian labor of the valley, to con-
vert it into an agricultural country. Natural causes,
and not the want of industry or of skill on their
part, defeated the expetiment.
The valley is said, at times, to furnish fine pas-
turage for cattle, but the grazier will encounter
many difficulties in the pursuit of his occupation.
The genial rains of the wet season cover the
whole country with a rich and luxuriant carpet of
vegetation. During this time the cattle, bountifully
supplied with nutritious grasses, soon become fat;
but as the dry season advances, the grass gradually
disappears from the face of the country, the result
of excessive heat and protracted dry weather; it
then presents the parched and desolate and arid
appearance of a desert, and the cattle, deprived of
their accustomed food, become rapidly poor atjd
often die of starvation.
Captain Wilkes, of the Exploring Expedition,
says: that " when m California, no rain had fallen
' for eleven months; that none fell for the nextsix;
' making in all seventeen consecutive months of
' drought. The cattle died byjiundreds upon the
' plains. He was informed by residents that such
' droughts were not unfrequent." Greenhow, in
ins history of California, says, " heavy rains are of
rare occurience, and two years without any is not
unusual." The droughts and consequent destruc-
tion of the grass must ever render stock-raising a
precarious and often unprofitable business.
This valley is estimated to contain twenty thou-
sand Indians, who, for two centuries, have per-
formed all the labor needed in the country, "and
are stimulated to work by a salary of three dollars
per month, and repeated floggings."
Lieutenant Emory says:
.But the wages of labor have been materially
changed by the recefit discovery of the great and
unprecedented mineral wealth of that country.
The region containing these mines of gold are at
this time unappropriated; sfll who desire and have
the opportunity, can work there for golden treas-
ure'without the fear of interruption from the Gov-
ernment of the United States. This bright and
alluring prospect offered of acquiring in a short
time an independent fortune by mere manual labor,
has caused a large, a very large stream of immi-
gration to flow in that direction, and which will
never cease until the whole country is completely
inundated by a dense population, inured to toil,
and who have looked to manual labor as the means
of livelihood. This immigration will be chiefly
from" the free. States, and the thickly populated
countries of Europe, opposed upon principle and
from motives of interest to the institution of sla-
very. But the condition of things in California is
destined to undergo a considerable change; the
lands will be surveyed and sold by the United
States Government, and purchased by capitalists.
Then will be found the California Indian and the
immigrant competing with each other at the mines
for employment. The number seeking work will
exceed the demand for it. To plant slavery in
California and perpetuate it, slave men and women
must be taken there, and families of them reared.
Go to any farm in Kentucky where slaves are
owned, and it will be proved that not more than
one in four, on an average, are enabled to maintain
themselves. The women with young and increas- j
ing families cannot be employed so as to earn ,
food and raiment for themselves and families. I
The old and infirm are incumbrances. Now, de- |
duct the expense of maintaining a family of four i
persons (including the payment of taxes and doc- j
tor's bills) from the gross income of one of the \
number, and a basis is established upon which can j
be truly estimated the net profits derivable from ;
the employment of slave labor. j
A voyage by sea to California cannot be per- j
formed in less time than three months. It is I
attended with considerable inconvenience and great !
dangers, having to make the circuit of the whole of '
South America, doubling Cape Horn, being the
most southern extremity of the western continent
—an undertaking considered hazardous even by
experienced navigators. A voyage through the
Gulf of Mexico, across the Isthmus of Panama,
and thence by the Pacific Ocean to California, is
very expensive, and still more dangerous. A
journey by land across the Rocky Mountains, and
the immense deserts which intervene between the
United States and California, present scenes of
hardship to be endured, and obstacles to be sur-
mounted, calculated to deter the most intrepid ;
[adventurer. Those going by this route collect j
together on the western borders of the State of
Missouri early in the spring; and on the appear- j
ance of the grass commence a forward movement, 1
and continue traveling until late in autumn, by ,
which time, if fortunate, they arrive in the inhab- !
ited portions of California; but should they, from '
any misfortune or untoward accident, be delayed,
winter overtakes them while yet in the mountains,
the grass is destroyed, the game disappears, the
cold becomes intense, their cattle die of starvation,
and they, impeded in their journey by the deep
snows, chilled and benumbed by the frigid climate,
and destitute of food, die a most horrid death.
Whole parties have met with this horrid fate in the
mountains.
The prominent objections militating against the
introduction of slavery into these territories, con
sists, first, in the
wages of labor effected by competition for employ-
ment between the free immigrant and the California
Indian. Let any man of unprejudiced mind take,
into consideration these difficulties, and he will, in
my opinion, come to the conclusion that slavery
can find no abiding place in California.
Lieutenant Emory, who traversed the most of
this country, having regard to its physical appear-
ance, and probable capacity, says, upon the sub-
ject of negro slavery, that—
" The profits oflabor are too inadequate for the existence
of negro slavery. Slavery, as practised by the Mexicans,"
under the form of peonage, which enables their master to
get the services of the adult while in the prune ot' life,
without the obligation of rearing him in infancy, supporting
him in old age, or maintaining his family, affords no data
for estimating the profit of slave labor, as it exist* in the
United States. No one who has ever visited this country,
and who is acquainted with the character and value of
slave, labor in the United States, would ever think of bring-
ing In*? own slaves here with any view to profit; much les-9
would he purchase slaves for such purpose. Their labor
here, if they could be retained as slavps among peons
nearly of their own color, would never repay the cost of
transportation, much less the additional purchase money."
The President of (he United States, in his late
annuai message, expresses the belief that in all
probability California and New Mexico, from the
nature of their soil and climate, are unsuited to the
institution of slavery. He say^s:
"The question is believed to be rather abstract than
practical, whether slavery ever can or would exist m any
portion of the acquired territory, even if it were left to the
option of the s-laveholdmg States themselves. From the
nature of the clnnat" and productions in much the larger
portion of it, it is ceitam it could never exist, and m the
lemainder, the probabilities are, u would not."
But if the nature of the climate and the charac-
ter of the productions of this country will not
exclude- the use of slaves, other causes exist
which will. Upon the transfer of territory by one
Government to another, no laws are repealed or
abrogated in the country ceded, except such as
are inconsistent with the relations which those
people sustain to the new Government. The ac-
quisition only implies change of dominion and
allegiance, a transfer of legal authority and execu-
tive control, and ail laws not necessarily inconsist-
ent therewith remain in full force and unaltered,
until modified or abolished by the new Govern-
ment. The necessity for such a regulation is
apparent. The interval of time which must neces-
sarily elapse between the transfer and organization
of a new code of laws for the people of a ceded
territory, would leave them exposed to all the
dangers appertaining toa country without govern-
ment, if no provision had been made for such
-a contingency. International law recognized as
binding by all the civilized nations of the whole
world, from considerations of imperative necessity,
and having its foundation on the principles of nat-
ural justice and equity, affords protection against
the evils of anarchy and the perils of unrestrained
licentiousness in such cases.
On this subject Vattel thus expresses himself:
'•The fundamental regulation that determines the man-
ner in which the public authority is to be executed, i> what
forms the constitution of the tafo. In this is seen the form
in which the nation acts in quality of a bodv politic; how
and by whom the people are to he governed ; and what are
the right* and duties of the governor. < The laws are regu-
lations established by public authority, to be obstned^m
society.' The laws made directly with a view to the putfic
welfare are poWical l,iw*, and in this class, those tint con- -
cern the body itself, and the being of society, the form of
government, the matins iri which'the public authority i« to
be exeited; those, in a word, winch together form the con-
stitution of the State, are Ihefundamental lans. The mi*
lavs are those that regulate the rights and conduct of the
citizens among themselves."
Chief Justice jMarshall, in the ease of the Airier-
ican Insurance Company vs. Canter. (1st Peters'
Reports,) speaking in relation to the transfer of
the Territory of Florida by the King of Spain to
cost, trouble, and danger of,
transporting slaves from the United Slates to'that ' , wpuj lu
country; secondly, in the comparatively few of the '! the Government of the United States,'and the effect
: whole number of a family whose labor can be ren- i| Pro<Juced by that cession, says :
I deied pecuniarily advantageous to the owner; and, j „ " °" ,,,ch oftenuory, it lias never been held that
thndly, from the high piice of living, the result of 1 chan"!",IOThpirth'!|1?l'a,'"I*"t? eath otl":r undt',s'> ann
- 1 ' ~ p " C1|«n..f, jneir inations with their former <-ovi
' This race, which, in our country, has never been re-
duced to slavery, is in that degraded condition thiousliout
Uihiorma, .md (to the only labor performed ill the countiy.
Nothing can exceed their present degraded condition. Fur
negligence or refusal to work, the la.-,h is freely auiilicd.arid
TOit'wyK1"Stallc?5 1,le has lje™ tel!(:n b>'ltie Californiaiis
Without beta* licld accountable by the law# of the land."
a condition of things and a combination cf circum-
I stances beyond control. But little of the soil is
suoject to cultivation, which is attended with great
trouble and expense, and when taxed to its utmost
power of production, will not yield sufficient food
for the wants of its inhabitants. They will have
; to look to a foreign market to supply'the deficit,
, which necessarily enhances the price of provisions)
j and increases the expense of living. The fourth
the relations or'th«-
chanirf. Their w.
dissolved, and new
the Govfnmnent which has acquired their termors,
same act which transfer*, their country, transfers th<
resgn ate
ations aie created between them and
The
. .  ,   ... alle-
giance ol tho<e who remain in it, and the law which uiav be
! termed political is necessarily changed ; although that which
[ regulate- the intercourse «mdgf*neraf conduct of individuals
remains iri force until altered bv the newlv created power
of the State."
And a^ain, in the same opinion, says:
" It ha^ already been stated, that all the, laws which were
obstacle to the introduction of slavery is. the low f<"Je J" while a province of Sp:uii,'iii«se ex-
wavciy is, me low oepted wh,eh w„re politic*! iu their character, wlucli con-
