1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
225
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Governments for the Neiv Territories—Mr. Buckner.
New Series! .No. 15.
cerned thereJations between the people and their sovereign,
remained in force until altered by the Government of the
ETnitad States. Congress recognized this principle by using
the words,' laws of the territory now in force therein.' "
It is evident, from these authorities, that none
of the laws in force in New Mexico and California
at the time of their cession to the United States,
were abrogated except those termed political, and
those are only termed political which refer to the
relations existing between the people and the new
Government. The allegiance due from the citizens
of these Territories to the Republic of Mexico,
was transferred by the act of cession to the Gov-
ernment of the United States. That transfer ori-
ginated in the necessity of the case. But all the
other laws, the municipal or local laws, or those
„ which regulate the rights and conduct of the citi-
zens among themselves, remain obligatory and
unaltered.
All writers on national law, and judges- who
have given judicial decisions upon the subject,
agree in the opinion that the relation of master and
. slave does not exist by the law of nature; nor is
the claim of the master, like the right to property
in general, recognized by civilized communi-
ties; it owes its existence to positive law. Slavery,
says the supreme court of the State, of Mississippi,
(Walker's Reports, page 36,) ''is condemned by
reason and the lav/ of nature; it exists, and can
exist, only through municipal regulations." In
the same volume, page 83, the court says: " In
' the Constitution of the United States, slaves are
' expressly designated as persons; the right of the
' master exists, not by the force of the law of na-
' tions or of nature, but by virtue only of the posi-
' tive law of the States." The supreme court of
the State of Louisiana, in the 14th of Martin's
Reports, page 470, says: "Slavery is sanctioned
' by the laws of this State, but we consider that as
' a right existing by a positive law of a municipal
' character, without foundation in the law of na-
'ture." And the supreme court of Kentucky
says: "Slavery is sanctioned by the laws of this
State, but we consider that as a right existing by
a positive law of a municipal character, without
foundation in the law of nature." Slavery, if these
authorities are entitled to respect, can only exist
by a positive law, created by usaa;e, custom, or
statutory provision. It is not necessary to forbid
it; it is enough that it is not specially authorized.
The Republic of Mexico had, long before the ces-
sion of this country to the Government of the
United States, abolished negro slavery; and such
was the law of that country at the time of this
acquisition.
By the constitutive acts of the Mexican Con-
gress, adopted 31st January, 1824, the 30th article
declares: "It is the duty of the nation to protect
by wise and just laws the rights of man and of the
citizens." On the 13th of July, in the same year,
the Mexican Congress decreed as follows: 1st.
" The commerce and traffic in slaves, from what-
' ever power, and under whatever flag they may
' come, is and shall be forever prohibited In the
' territory of the Mexican United States." 2d.
" Slaves introduced contrary to the tenor of the
' preceding article are free, from the fact alone of
* their treading tire Mexican territory." President
Guerrero, on the 15th September, 1829, upon the
authority granted by the constitutive acts, and ac-
cording to the provision of the 30th article, de-
creed, 1st, "that slavery be exterminated in the
republic;" 2d, "consequently, those are free who,
up to this day, have been looked upon as slaves."
I am constrained to believe that Congress has
the sole and exclusive right to legislate for the ter-
ritories; to organize governments for them, and to
regulate by law all matters of local and domestic
concern appertaining to the inhabitants residing in
such territories. This opinion is sustained by
the decision of the Supreme Court of the United
States, and is in conformity with the whole prac-
tice of the General Government from the time of
its foundation up to the present day.
The right of the General Government to acquire
territory under the war and treaty-making power
is granted. It would seem to follow, as an inevi-
table consequence, that it possesses the power to ]
govern whatever it might acquire; the former is j
but an incident to the latter. The citizens of ter-
ritories a<ftjuired do not become entitled to self*
government. If possessed of that right, the prin-
15
cipal object of acquisition, the right o'f jurisdiction
and dominion, would be frustrated. In this par-
ticular instance, recognize the right of self-govern-
ment to the citizens of these territories, and they
might, and in all probability would, liberate them-
selves from all obedience and responsibility to this
Government. Annexation took place without ask-
ing their consent, and without consulting their
wishes upon the subject. A union thus effected,
is a violation of one of the fundamental principles
of republicanism, as avowed in our Declaration of
Independence, that ail governments derive their
just powers from the consent of the governed. It
was an odious act of tyranny, for the perpetration
of which no reasonable excuse can be offered.
These territories are not subject to State jurisdic-
tion. A State, by the Constitution, is expressly
prohibited from entering into any treaty with a
foreign Power, or into a compact, or agreement
with another State, or to engage in war unless actu-
ally invaded, or in such imminent danger as will
admit of no delay. She acts only in self-defence.
Territory,therefore,can neither be sained foraState
by conquest, or acquired hy treaty. The power
and jurisdiction of a State is necessarily confined to
her territorial limits. Any other arrangement of
jurisdiction would produce collisions between the
States and the General Government, dangerous to
the integrity of the Union. Separate legislation for
the territory of thirty independent States, with an
attempt to enforce their laws within its limits,
would have a tendency to cause thirty civil wars.
The conflict in the laws of the several States would
utterly confound (he judges, and close every av-
enue to the temple of justice. The. General and
State Governments are supreme and independent
within their respective spheres, and whilst each
revolves in its appropriate arid independent orbit,
j harmony exists between them; but suffer either to
move without the circle of its peculiar duties, and
strife is the inevitable consequence. Yield this
1 the nation is free and independent, it can have no
* intention in settling in a country to leave to
* others the right to command, or any of those
' rights that constitute sovereignty." This au-
thority clearly sustains the position that posses-
sion of territory gives a full and perfect right to
govern and control it._ On the subject of the prop-
erty the nation owns in her territory, Vattel says:
" We have already explained how a nation takes
' possession of a country, and at the same time
' gains possession of the domain and government
' thereof. That government, with everything in-
* eluded in it, becomes the property of the nation
* in general." In this passase, the term property
is used in a broader sense than mere land; it im-
plies jurisdiction and full legislative power over it.
Then the United States Government, upon obtain-
ing possession of these Territories, acquired the
supreme right of legislation over them, unless the
Constitution expressly limits it. The only limit
to the exercise of this power is to be found in the
sound discretion and presumed integrity of the
Congress. This opinion is confirmed by the de-
cisions of the Supreme Court of the United States.
In the case of schooner Exchange vs. McFad-
don and others, (7th Cranch,) Judge Marshall
says: "The jurisdiction of a nation within its own
' territory is necessarily exclusive and absolute.
4 It is susceptible of no limitations not imposed by
' itself. Ali exceptions, therefore, to the full and.
' complete power within its own territories must
' be traced up to the consent of the nation itself;
' they Can flow from no other legitimate source.'"
Again, m the case of the American Insurance
Company vs. Canter, (1 Peters,) the court says:
" Until Florida shall become a State, she continues
* to be a Territory of the United States, governed
4 by that clause in the Constitution which empow-
' ers Congress ' to make all needful rules and reg-
' ulations respecting the territory and property of
;i ' the United States.' " Again, in the cose of the
power to the General Government, where it justly !! Cherokee Nation vs. the State of Georgia, the court
belongs, and no clashing of jurisdiction can take jj says: "The power given m this clause is of the
4 most plenary kind. Rules and regulations re-
' specting the territory of the United States: they
' necessarily confer complete jurisdiction. Ifwas
' necessary to confer it withoutlimitation, to enable
place, and justicc will be administered without de-
lay or impediment. The territories must, then, be
under the jurisdiction of the Geneial Government
or without government at all. in my opinion, the
power is conferred on Congress in that clause of ij < the Government to redeem the pledge given to
the Constitution which declares: " Congress shall
s have power to make all laws necessary and
6 proper for carrying into execution the power
' vested by this Constitution in the Government
* of the United States.'" "We have, by the war
and treaty-making power, the ability to acquire
territory, and by this provision of the Constitu-
tion Congress has the right to legislate for it when
acquired, to carry into effect the true and legitimate
object of acquisition, the right of jurisdiction and
dominion. But there i^an express grant of power
in the third section of the fourth article of the
Constitution, which says: " Congress shall have
s power to dispose of, and make all needful rules
' and regulations, respecting the territory or other
< property belonging to the United States." This
general clause is amply sufficient to authorize Con-
gress to establish territorial governments, and, in
fact, to do anything in the territories not prohibited
4 the old in relation to the formation and powers
{ of the new States." The same doctrines are re-
iterated in the case of Giatiot and others, (14 Pe-
ters, 537.)
I will briefly recite the acts of Cpngress ratifying
this construction of the Constitution, and having
the force of legislative precedent.
1st. The ordinance of 1787 was recognizcd at
the first session of the first Congress. The prece-
dent is coeval with the birth of the Government.
Many of those persons who sat in the Convention
which framed the Constitution were members of
the first Congress, and it may be almost denomi-
nated the work of the framers of that instrument.
This ordinance prohibited slavery or involuntary
servitude in the teiritory northwest of the Ohio
river. The act was signed by General Wash-
ington.
ad. On the 7th April, 1798, an act was passed
in the Constitution itself. Some persons contend Ij authorizing the establishment of a government for
that this clause only gives Congress the power to ji the Territory of the Mississippi. That act autlio-
sell the land, without the power to regulate the ji rized thePresidenttoestablishagovernmenttherein,
municipal affairs of those who settle upon it. But jj in all respects similar to that in the territory north-
it is evident a Government may hold property in j; west of the Ohio river, exceptthe article prohibiting
territory without owning one foot of the soil. If jj slavery; it then forbade the importation of slaves
the lands are appropriated at the time of its an- i into the territory from any place without the limits
nexation, the right of jurisdiction is the only power M
acquired, and which was the case in the annex- j
ation of Texas to the United States. The unap- .j
propriated lands were, by the teims of the articles jj
of annexation, reserved to the use of the State. jj
Vat'el informs us, in his Laws of Nations, "that !|
< the right of a people to a country implies two
s things: First. The domain> by virtue of which ,
the nation alone may use the country for the
of the United States, This act was passed some
considerable time before Congress was authorized
by the Constitution to prohibit the importation of
slaves into the States which were originally parties
to the Federal compact. This provision of the
Constitution applied onlv to the existing States; it
did not extend 'to the States thereafter to be formed,
nor to the territories of the United States. The
exercise of jurisdiction in the organization of this
concern to the
supply of its necessities, may dispose of it as it jj territory over matters of domestic concern to th<
' thinks proper, and derive from it every advan- inhabitants, and especially over the subjcct of sin-
tage it is capable of yielding. Second. Thecal-
6 pire, or the right of sovereign command, by which j
1 the nation directs and regulates, at its pleasure, •
' everything they possess in the country^ When j
1 a nation takes possession of a country, it is con-;
( sidered as acquiring the empire or sovereignty of :
i it, at the same time with the domain; for since 1
very, without opposition, shows the undisputed
interpretation put, at that day, on the„Constitution
in respect to the power of Congress upon Use sub-
ject. There was a direct exercise of legislative
power in the territories which was positively pro-
hibited in respect to the States existing at the adop-
tion of the Constitution.
