228
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 11,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Slavery and the Slave Trade—Mr. Crisfield.
Ho. of Reps.
trading parties Iicieiiy agree to refer the said differences
to some friendly Sovereign or State, to be named for the
purpose; and the high contracting partres further engage to
consider tile decision of sneh fWeiwily Sovereign or State to
be final rinfi conclusive on ai! matters referred."
In pursuance of this article, the parties agreed
on the Emperor of Russia as the arbitrator, who
• gave his decision as foliows:
" That the United States are entitled to claim from Great
Britain a just indemnification for all private property which
the Biitish foiees may have carried away : and as the ques-
tion relates to slaves more especially, for all slaves that the.
British forces may have carried away from places and ter-
ritories of which the treaty stipulates the restitution in quit-
ting these same places and territories."
In pursuance of this award'a commission was
established by the two countries; proof was laken
of the number and value of deported slaves, and
Great Britain paid for ihem accordingly. No
higher or stronger evidence can he furnished, nor
is any needed, of the views of this Government.
Slaves were treated in this negotiation as property;
they are claimed by our Government as the " pri- ]
vate property" of our citizens; payment for them !
as "private property" was insisted on, and as i
" private property" they were ultimately paid for. '
Thus we see, that the law-making and the treaty-
making pow'ersof our Government—Congress and
Executive—have each considered slaves as prop-
erty, and have repeatedly and uniformly treated
them as such. The first has guarantied the right
of the owner, by declaring that the slave "shalfhe
delivered up to the party to whom his service and
labor may be due,"without limitation or condition;
and has taxed this, as all other kinds of property,
for revenue to supply the wants of the Federal
Government; and the second, in its negotiations
with a foreign power, has required that this kind
of property shall be respected, and has demanded
and received indemnity for it "as the private piop-
erty of our citizens."
' Nor has the remaining department of the Gov-
ernment—the Judiciary—held different opinions
on this subject. By the uniform cuj-rent of iis
decisions the Supreme Court has treated slaves as
property. A numerous list might be produced, all
m the same direction. I will trouble the commit-
tee with but one; and that one for the reason that
it is among the most recent, and because the opin-
ion of the court was delivered by Judge Story
who, from his position and associations, may be
supposed to have been not very friendly to the in-
stitution of slavery. I commend his opinion to the
especial attention of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Palfrey,] and from it he may per-
haps learn something to correct the crudities of his
own opinions. In the case of Prigg vs. the Com-
monwealth of Pennsylvania, this subject was dis-
cussed in the Supreme Court; and judge Story
whose judgments are received with universal assent
wherever truth can be appreciated, delivered the
opinion of the court. In that opinion, while dis
cussing the clause of the Constitution relating to
fugitives, he says; «h is well known that the°ob-
ject of this clause was to secure to the citizens of
the slaveholding States, complete right and title of
ownership in their slaves, as property, in every State
in the Union into which they might escape, from
the fetate where they were held in servitude." And
further on he says : " The clause manifestly con-
templates the existence of a positive, unqualified
right on the part of the owner of a slave, which no law
or regulation can m any way qualify, regulate
l°rptrff'l0lireStri®ln"" • And the c!a«se roust be in-
terpreted, he ados, 1 in such manner, as, consist-
ently with the words, shall fully and completely
effectuate the whole objects of it."
Such, Mr. Chairman, is the constitutional pro-
vision relating to this subject, and such the course
of the legislative, executive, and judicial branches
of the Government-all proceeding j„ the same
direction, without variation, or a doubt expressed
tent's,corrftness—a" admitting to the fullest ex-
tent that i,aves are property, nnd that the dutv
and obligation rest on this Government to protect i
nnd presetve it where it exists, until the Sta>es I
each for Jisclf, shall otherwise provide. Slaves '
not property under the Federa; Const,tmion ' He
woo the face of all this proof, can deny it
°<a~. "-.si'
to
I dSSfh' Mr" ?hai™a". have attempted
distinguish the services of the slave from hig
person, and have contended that while the former !|
belong to his master, his body is not the subject
of property. And this idea is supposed to be sus- I;
tained by the language of the Constitution, and ]
also from the faci that the master is forbid to kill ;
him. Tjiis is a distinction without a difference. It i'
is too refined for practical men. The interprets- !;
tion given to the Constitution by the uniform ac- ,:
tion of the Government contradicts it, as we have H
seen. A master may not kill his slave, neither ;!
can he cruelly use his horse. Humanity forbids
it; but it is no limitation of the right of property;
it is only a regulation for its use. The labor
and service of the slave, in, the language of the
Constitution, are due to the master, and the-mas-
ter shall not be deprived of it. Now, how can
the master enjoy " the labor and service of the
slave, unless he also have control and dominion
over his person? The master transports him
whither he pleases, and he works him as his in-
terest or inclination prompts. The services are
; inseparable from the person of the slave; the right
to the one necessarily includes the right to the .
other. The opposite doctrine is impracticable and i
absurd. ;
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Massachu- |
setts,.acting on the erroneous theory that the Fed- I
eral Constitution* does not regard slaves as prop- ;
erty, advocates the immediate abolition of slavery j
i ill this District, and a few weeks ago introduced J
, a proposition to repeal all laws relating to and sus- I
j taming slavery here. No measure, Mr. Chairman, !
j short of the emancipation by this Government of :
- the slaves m the slaveholding States could be more I
i objectionable to the 'people of the South; none |
: could excite deeper feelings of alarm and resent-
ment among southern people. While it would i
; violate the vested rights of the people of the Dis- !
11 trict, and be a wanton destruction of their prop- '
1 erty, upon the people of Maryland it would be a
fraud and insult too gross to be borne. Sir, I
deny your right to emancipate the slaves of this
District without the consent of their owners; and
if you had the power, you ought not to exert it.
I admit, Mr. Chairman, that Congress has, over
this District,thesame,or equal power of legislation,
which Maryland had at the time of the cession.
And in making this admission, I am perhaps goin°-
further than some of my southern friends will ap°
prove. Butlookingtothegrant in the Constitution
and to the acts of cession of Maryland and Virginia
I cannot doubt the power of Congress to le<*?slate
for this District, as fully and perfectly as the States
might have done before the cession. And as on
this point it is my misfortune to differ to some
f extent with my excellent friend and colleague over
the way, [Mr. Chapman,] from whom I can never
; differ without suspecting the correctness of my own
■ judgment, I pray to be allowed to stale some con-
i siderationa which, otherwise, would not be neces-
; sary to the mam purpose I have in view.
! By the 17th clause of the 3th section of the 1st
J article of the Constitution, Congress is empowered
| " to exercise exclusive legislation in all eases what-
j ' soever over such District, (not exceeding ten
, ' miles square,) as may, by the cession of particu-
; lar States, and the acceptance of Congress, become I
< > the seat of the Government of the United States   !
In pursuance of this provision of the Constitution, !
h Maryland and Virginia made the cessions without i
|j reservation or condition, other than that contained '
I m the Constitution itself. The Maryland act of 1
I cession declared, "that all that part of the said 1
j territory, called Columbia, which lies within the !
) limits of this Slate, shaJJ be, and the same is here- '
j by, acknowledged to be forever ceded and relm- ?
' quished to the Congress and Government of the
United States, m full and absolute right, and
exclusive jurisdiction, as weH of soil as of persons
residing, or to reside thereon, pursuant to the
; .ten.01; an? effect of the eighth section of the first
< ,1rU(rT ° the Constitution of the Government of
the United States." The Virginia grant was
[' ?r'Ue atS ^!?'^and ,is "early "the same words.
Her «ct of „-d December, 1789, provided, " that a
, tract Of country not exceeding ten miles square,
( &c., to,be located &c shall be, and the same is
lifeieby, forever ceded and relinquished to the Con-
gress and Government of the United States in
lull and absolute right and exclusive jurisdiction
as well of soil as of persons residing, or to reside 1
thereon, pursuant to the tenor and effect of the li
' eighth section of the first arlicleof theConstitutiori
' of the Government of the United States."
This statement of itself, and the obvious mean-
ing of these grants, I should think, were quite
sufficient to convince every one that the power of
Congress to legislate for this District was adequate
and exclusive in ail cases whatsoever. The States
parted with all their jurisdiction and control; they
retained no part of it. The people of the District
; have no power of legislation whatever, nnd never
j had; and if Congress do not possess it, it exists no-
| where—an absurdity which will hardly be insisted
; on. And if we consider the object for which the
j power of exclusive legislation over such District
j as might become the seat of Government of the
i.United States w^s given to Congress, it sustains,
i with irresistible "force, the view I have expressed.
I At the time of the formation of the Constitution, all
i the inhabited portions of the country were within
i the jurisdiction of some of the States; and it was
■ deemed important, for the safety and independence
' of the new Government, that it should be placed
beyond the reach of the hostility or caprice or local
influence of the States. If no provision of this kintl
had been made, and the seat of the Federal Gov-
ernment had been fixed, as in that case it must
have been, within some State, it would have been
liable at any lime to have' been ousted; it would
have been unable to protect itself from insult; and
its own officers would have been subject to a juris-
diction foreign to it, and possibly inimical. Sir,
without such a provision, your National Govern-
( ment would have been a houseless and homeless
; loafer, living on thegood nature of the States, ant!
: ever liable to have the door of hospitality shut in
its face.^ It was necessary to make a gentleman of
it—to give it a habitation and a home, and fence
them about with such guards as would preserve it
from molestation. This could only be done by
putting the new Government in a locality separate
from the States, and undents exclusive jurisdiction.
And if the powers of Congress to legislate for the
seat of Government were limited otherwise than
by the Constitution itself—if it were piohibited
from exercising here any jurisdiction, which, ac-
cording to our system, may be exercised by the
States within their respective limits—then that in-
dependence and security which were necessary to,
and on which depended the usefulness and success
of, the new Government, would have been de-
feated.
It is said that this is a Government of limited ju-
risdiction, that all its powers lie in a'grant,and that
it can exercise no power which is not specifically
enumerated. This, a3 a general rule, is conceded;
but it is applicable only to cases where the legis-
lation of Congress is general, and relates to the
whole. Over the States, and people of the States,
i this Government possesses only such powers as
| I are specially given, and what are not enumerated
11 in the grant are secured to the States or the people.
' j But what a different rule prevails in this District.
;i Here, Congress may exercise all power not pro-
hibited to it, and from the nature of things, this
;j must be so; otherwise there would be presented
' the anomaly of a people, without a law-makino-
I, power. The only limitations are those which are
to be found in the Constitution itself; as for in-
stance, no ex post facto law shall be passed; no one
shall be deprived of his property, except by due
process of law; and private property shall not be
, taken for the public U3e, without just compensa-
; tion; these, and other provisions of a like nature,
are restrictions on the powers of Congress in this
, District, but subject to them, its power is unqual-
Maryland ceded the District to become the seat
of the Government of the United States, and Con-
gress accepted it, on that condition, and hence it
is argued by some gentlemen, that Maryland has a
reversionary right, dependent on the performance
of the condition. This may be conceded, and yet
it cannot fairly be contended that it in any way
impairs the power of Congress to legislate for it,
as.l0"? the condition remains unbioken. When
tins District shall cease to be the seat of the Gov -
ernment, the power of Congress may also cease,
and the District may revert to its former proprietor;
but until that contingency happens, the power is
not, thereby, at all restrained, but is quite us am-
ple as it would have been, had no such condition
existed.
i
«!
%
tt
*
k
4
k
1
n
 i
*
I*
t
*
*
k
*!
Vs
if
*
*
%
k
*11
•>«
