1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
229
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Slavery and the Slave Trade—Mr. Crisfield.
Ho. of Reps.
With these views, which I believe to be well
founded, I cannot doubt, that whatever Maryland
might have done in this District, before and at the
timeof the cession,Congress can ughtfully do now.
But for reasons entirely different, I deny your
power to abolish slavery here. , Maryland could
not have done it,* and no power can do it without
the consent of the owner.
Slaves, Mr. Chairman,are private property; they
belong to their masters, and are subject to all the
rules governing; the rights to private property.
They have all the qualities of personal chattels.
They may be sold; they pass by delivery; they
may be bequeathed or distributed; they are taxed
at their cash value, and they may be distrained,
and seized in execution. Property in them,"and
in other chattels, is established and sustained by
the same laws, controlled by the same rules, and
guarantied by the same securites. No distinction
exists between them. This is the law of Mary-
land, and of this District. The 5th amended article
of the Constitution declares, that " no person shall
be deprived of iife, liberty, or properly, without due
process of law; nor-shall private property be taken
for public use, without just compensation." Now,
if slaves are property, as I have shown them to be,
here is an absolute prohibition of the passage of
any act of emancipation against the consent of the
owner. This clause is a perfect guarantee of the
owner's right. If any other article of property
were the subject, on which this experiment was pro-
posed to be made, there would not be two opinions
on the point. No man will say that this Govern-
ment, or any of the States, has power to legislate
away the land titles of their citizens; or by act, to
declare that all the horses shall graze on the com-
mons, discharged from their owners. This is a
radicalism which no man will maintain. Even the
anti-renter and repudiator would feel themselves
disgraced by such a doctrine.
Nor can emancipation be rightfully effected
through the power to take private property for the
public use. To take private property for the pub-
lic use,, in the constitutional sense, means to take it
for the public service, and it can only be resorted to
on such an emergency as that the service would
suffer in a great degree without it, or wljen it can-
not otherwise be obtained. For instance, the Gov-
ernment may seize, without the consent of the
* owner, supplies necessary for its army, sites for
fortifications, land for highways, &c., if he will
not consent to give them up, and they cannot other-
wise be had; and in that case, he is to be paid a
just compensation. This is the extent to which
this power has eyer been, or can be carried. It
has never been contended that the Government, by
means of this grant, has power to remodel society,
establish new political lelations, and endow one
class of men with political rights, which they do
not possess before. It has never been held, to au-
thorize the Government to destroy an entire class of
property, or to liberate an entire class of its people
from restrictions imposed by the Constitution and
laws, upon some vague and indefinite idea, that
the public good will thereby be promoted. This
would be a most fearful pretension, utterly subver-
sive of constitutional restraint, and would enable
this Government to abolish slavery, as well in the
States, as here; to say nothing of other extrava-
gancies to which it would lead.
To supply the public use, in the sense here sta-
ted, is the only lawful means, by which men may
be deprived of their property, without their con-
sent. And it is no answer to say just compensa-
tion shall be made; that docs not lessen the diffi-
culty, It is no less a violation of his rights to take
his property and pay him for it, than to take it
without payment at all. In each case, you force
him against his consent, to part with that which is
his; this is the wrong, which you have no right to
do. The payment, it is true, is some indemnity
for the injury, but it is not, and cannot be, any
authority to do the wrong.
Mr. Chairman, slavery exists here by your own
agreement. It existed in Maryland from the ear-
liest period. As early as 1715, the Legislature of
. that State legalized the institution. It declared
that all negroes and other slaves, already imported
or to be imported, and their children, bom or to
* Maryland, in 1838, amended her constitution; but I have
not thought it necessary to examine that amendment, as it
can have no cffect on the question under consideration.
be born, should be slaves; and made rules for the
enjoyment of them as property. Congress has
adopted this among the other laws of Maryland.
It is a contract between this Government and the
citizens of the District, that they may hold, and
that you will protect-, their slave property ; and
good faith requires that you adhere to your en-
gagement. And in support of this view, ] beg
leave to quote the language of the Supreme Court
in a recent case:
" Under every established government," says the court,
" the tenure of property is derived, mediately or immediate-
ly, from the sovereign power of the political body, organized
in such mode, or exerted in such xvay, as the community or
the State may have thought proper to ordain. It can Vest
on no other foundation ; can have no other guarantee. Tt is
owing to these characteristics only, in the original tenure,
that appeals can he made to the laws either tor protection
or assertion of the rights of property. Upon any other
hypothesis, the law of piopeity would he simply the law of
force. Now, it is undeniable, that the investment of piop-
erty in the citizen by the Government, whether made for a
pecuniary consideration or tounded on conditions of civil,
or political duly, is a contract between the State, or the
government acting as its agent, and the grantee; and both
the parties thereto aie bound in good faith to fulfill it."
To my niind, Mr. Chairman, it is clear, that
the immediate emancipation of the slaves of this
District, without the consent of the owners, would
be the exercise of a power which does not belong
to this Government. - It would be an interference
with private property forbidden by the Constitu-
tion. It would be a violation of the engagement
of the Government; an utter annihilation of all
those guards and securities, which it was the pur-
pose of the Constitution to throw around the citi-
zen. Sir, it cannot be done. Nor can you right-
fully pass an act of prospective emancipation.
That is equally beyond your power, and for the
same reasons. One element of the value of a fe-
male slave is the probable increase she may pro-
duce; it just as much enters into and forms a part
of her worth, as does the value of her present ser-
vices. The laws of Maryland tr£at the probable
increase of slaves before their birth, as a substan-
tial interest. It may be granted, bequeathed, or
emancipated; of course to take effect in future.
And the same rule prevails here. And in truth it
prevails everywhere. It is the rule of partus se-
quitur ventrem, which is of universal application.
Now, if you cannot emancipate the female slave,
because it is a violation of the rights of property,
neither can you diminish her value by declaring
her issue to be born shall be fiee. The one is a
total destruction of the right of property in her;
the other a partial destruction; and 1 apprehend,
that if you are forbid to destroy the whole, on no
principle of just reasoning can you have power to
destroy the half. _ ^
I apprehend, therefore, there is no power in this
Government to abolish slavery here, either pres-
ently or prospectively; nor in the States to abolish
it within their limits. It is true it has been done
in many of the States; but wherever such acts
have been passed, they were sustained by a very
general public sentiment, and the question of right
has never been raised. And when public senti-
ment here demands the liberation of the slaves, it
will be done; but let it be done, as it may be, with-
out the violation of any constitutional principle.
When the people of this District shall wish to be
rid of slavery, pass an act offering inducements to
the slaveholder to liberate his slaves, and giving
him facilities in doing it, without injury to him-
self; but let the act of emancipation be his own
voluntary act. fn this mode, and among a popu-
lation anxious to be rid of it, slavery would soon
disappear, and that, too, in a fair, peaceful, and
constitutional mode.
But, Mr. Chairman, if Congress had the power
to abolish slavery in this District, it would be
highly inexpedient and improper to exercise it, for
many reasons which might be stated. I will trouble
the committee with only a few. In the first place,
Congress is the local Legislatuie, and is bound to
consult the interests and wishes of the people of
the District. It will not do for members to look
to the sentiments and prejudices of tlio.se who sent
them here, and who, from position and associa-
tion, are wholly unqualified to judge what laws
are prgper and just for the local interests around
this capital. How do the people of.Michigan, or
of Iowa, know—how can they know—what reg-
ulations are suitable for this people? To obey the
instructions of constituencies so far removed, with
reference to legislation for this District, would bfe
to reduce the people of the District to a state'of
slavery. We ought not, therefore, to abolish sla-
very here, or do any act simply affecting the local
interests of this people without their consent.
Now, what evidence is there that the people of
the District desire the abolition of slavery? No
| petition has been presented; they have not asked
! for it, either directly or indirectly; and shall we,
! in the absence of all proof that they desire it, adopt
| a measure which so materially affects their social
I condition? Again: Such a measure would be a
| wanton sacrifice of a large amount of property
; now held by this people under the protection of
our laws. The value of the slaves in this District
cannot be much short of one million of dollars;
and you propose to legislate out of existence this
vast amount of property, by a dash of your pen,
and that, too, without consulting those who, repo-
sing confidence in your laws, have invested their
I means, to this extent, in this description of prop-
; erty. It is wholly irreconcilable with sound mo-
I rality, and is incompatible with national honor,
j On the slaveholding States contiguous, the abo-
I lition of slavery in this District would be most
i disastrous; and if it had been foreseen, it is quite
j certain they never would have ceded'the territory
of which it was composed. They never imagined,
,1 that in setting apart a portion of their territories
j! for the seat of the Federal Government, and ceding
! the jurisdiction to the United States, laws would
; be put in force here which would disturb the rela-
; tions of society there. The effect of abolition here
j is, to throw the moral influence of the Government
| against slavery in these States; and it must neces-
I sarily weaken the relation which exists between
' the master and slave. This is an assault upon
their institutions which they could not have fore-
seen; there was nothing in the condition of public
opinion at the time of the cession, to cause them
to apprehend such an evil. The controversy over
the Constitution had ceased; political power was
apportioned, apparently at least, to the satisfaction
of all; no prejudices were expressed against sla-
very; this District, in two slaveholding States, was
selected as the seat of the National Government,
without objection on account of its being slave ter-
i ritory; and on the ccssion being made, the laws
j of the States from which it was carved, sanction-
j ing and sustaining slavery, were adopted, and
continued m force by act of Congress. The States,
: then, could not have apprehended any legislation
here on this subject that would be offensive to
them and injurious to their internal interests. No
such legislation was apprehended; and it would be
an insult and a fraud on those States, positively
injurious to them, p abolish slavery here as long
as they see fit to continue it within their limits.
Besides, the same feelings and influences which
would, under these circumstances, procure the pas-
sage of laws abolishing slavery here, would also
procure the repeal of all laws for the apprehension
of fugitive slaves escaping from those States into
this District. If this were done, this District
would become the great receptacle of runaway-
slaves, who would live under the protection of this
Government, and laugh at the vain efforts of their
masters to recapture them. They would become
as numerous as the frogs of Egypt; they would
cover the land, eating up the substance of this
people, demoralizing its society, and patronized
by the Government, would be an insult and a deg-
radation to the States whence they come. How
long would the slaveholding States submit to this?
What would Virginia say—the venerable, eccentric,
and proud Old Dominion, who prides herself as
having given consistency to American liberty, and
limitations to Federal power? Will she submit to
the fraud, lay aside her dignity, and tamely endure
the injury? For her answer, consult her recent
resolutions; consult her resolutions of 1798—that
bible of her faith—the mysterious revelations of
her political divinities, which she cherishes as the
infallible exponents of constitutional freedom. As
for Maryland, she is weak in physical power, but
she is proud. " She is peaceful, bui not spiritless.
She loves the Union, and appreciates^ value.
She venerates it as the child venerates its parent.
It is her pride, her glory, her security. She sub-
mitted to great sacrificcs to establish-it; she will
submit to greater to preserve it. As long as com-
patible with her honor, her wealth, and the blood
