232
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 17/
30th Gong Sess.
California and, New Mexico-
-Air. J. A. Rockwell.
Ho. of Reps.
to march into territory in the occupation of Mexico, a state
of war exists between the United States and Mexico, con-
ducted at a great expense of life and treasure, and which
may result in the acquisition of targe portions of territory,
hereafter to be iuudc States of the Union: therefore,
«Resolved. That if any territory shall hereafter be ac-
flaired by the United States, or annexed thereto, tne act by
which such territory is acquired or annexed, whatever such
act may be, should contain an unalteiable fundamental ar-
ticle or provision whereby slavery or involuntary servitude,
except as a punishment for crime, shall be forever excluded
fcoui the territory acquired or annexed.
«Resolved, That the Senators and Representatives m
Congress from this State be requested to use their best
efforts to carry into effect the views expressed in tne tore-
going resolution.
« icesolved. That his Excellency the Governor be, and he ,
is hereby, requested to uansjmt to the Executives of the
several States of the Union, requesting tliat the same may
of menace is unfit to be addressed by any one State ji Florida treaty of 1819, the Spanish Government
to its associates, a d should be met with defiance "cedes to the United States, m full property and
or derision t soeerrignty, all the territories," &c.; and in both.
But my present purpose is to vindicate and en- ji these treaties the United States make sundry stip-
force the soundness of the opinions and statements-julations concerning: the persons and property in
in the resolutions of Connecticut, which seem to ;; these territories, requiring the legislation of Con-
- ~ "grass. And yet it is seriously contended, that alter
the various territories have been purchased and
he submitted to the Legislatures of the several States, copies
of tke preamble and resolutions on slavery passed by this
m.rl Itint ha nicA ho In tIM rislll I f iilG Si
"have been so ill received in the ancient Common'
I wealth of "Virginia, and to show not only that Con-
| gress has the power under the Constitution to
i legislate on this subject, but that the power in this
| instance should be exercised as it has been exer-
< cised in repeated instances, from the origin of the
' Government to the present time.
The power to legislate on the subject of slavery
paid for, the Frenchmen ot' Louisiana, or the
f Spaniards of Florida, or the Mexicans of Califor-
i nia and New Mexico, can, immediately after the
1 cession of these territories, establish for themselves
j an independent* government and if the United
I States see fit to pass any act of Congress prescri-
i bing a territorial government for them, they may,
| as claimed by a distinguished member from Vir-
1 ginia, [Mr. Bayly,] teject it if they see fit; or,
treating it as a kind offer of a form of government.
! or on any other subject connected with the terri-
j tories, must reside somewhere. Where is this
...  — - - . . ,, attribute of sovereignty vested? It must be either w _ _
Assembly; and that he also be requested to transmitthe sanie ,i fn th(J glateg jn t[)'eir ilKjividual capacity, in the I treating i
to the ?e"a ™  'fteJlP^n)t,alim of ^ "U e : people of the Territories, or in Congress. I tendered to them, after the manner of Mr. Locke,
Congress the United State,. ,, H. Tl , .. , . J  &  , a£jopt jt just SQ far an(J for just s0 jong a ume aa
they may please.
But, sir, those claims are perfectly novel. They
have, so far as 1 know, never been piesented until
within some two or three years past. The power
of Congress over the territories has been constantly
exercised, as well in relation to slavery as other
subjects of legislation, from the time of the adop-
^Tb^iJoludons'^e. by the Governor of the !i Had it not been urged with great earnestness
State, under the direction of the Legislature, trans- i; that tins power rested in the Slates as sovereigns,
mitted to the Governors of the several States, with
the request that they should be laid before their
respective Legislatures. The Governor of the
State of Virginia, last year, in communicating
these resolutions to the Legislature of that State,
commented at length upon them. 1 will read one
or two extracts from his communication on this
subject:
 The South never can conscnt to be confined to pre-
scribed limits. She wants and must have *pace, if cons-
ent with honor and projrriety. It is? due to the happiness and
interests of her population, and to no portion of it more than
to the slave himself. Confine her to proscribed limits—
allow emigration to the white man, and forbid it to the slave
—and the consequence   obvious. Her slaves will rapidly
accumulate, the white man must cniigtate, and finally the
slave will become the owner of tlie present slavehoirimg
States. Nothing cm arrest this result, under such a policy,
but the adoption of some means on the part of the whites
to prevent the increase of slave?, by well-known ehecka
upon population, or by sending off the worthless and unpio-
dueiive to the non-slaveholdihg States. These are grave
and unpleasant vi«ws o* tl is important question; but it is
well at once to look them tiimly m the lace, and boldly pre-
sent them to public consideration."
The Governor concludes his remarks upon this
subject in these words:
" In view of these considerations, and others which read-
ily present themselves, I recommend the adoption of a ies-
ofution, without argument or comment, in winch Connecti-
cut shall ba informed, that if the policy of her resolutions
prevails, it will sacrifice our priceless, glonous Union.'5
In pursuance of the same views, the Legislature
of the State of Virginia passed sundry resolutions,
during the Ust and present sessions, in relation to
the subject of slavery, from which X will read a
few extracts:
"5. Resolved, ttnohimoushj, That tne pa-^aire of Hie above
mentioned proviso makes if, the duty of' every slaveholding
. it wdtild seem scarcely necessary to say that it
' seems quite impossible and absurd that any such
power should be claimed to reside in the States.
How is this power to be exercised ? The laws of j
no two States are the same on any subject; they j
differ very widely even in the slave Slates on the | . . .d - ^ , .
subject of slavery. If the laws of the slave States u tion of the Constitution to this hour. That power
on the subject of slavery are to be carried to the ij has been recognized in the courts of several of the
Territories, those of the free States on the same tl slave States, and never denied by any, and been
subject should be carried also. Nor would it be j! expressly so decided by the Supreme Court of the
in relation to slavery alone that this conflict would > i United States. Virginia and Virginia men have
arise. The same difficulties would occur in rela- j1 been prominent in the recognition of this right and
tion to the descent and transfer of property, and, h the exercise of it. I deem it proper to give a brief
! indeed, in reference to every possible subject of j' history of the legislation on this subject.
J legislation. If this claim of State sovereignty and On the 13th July, 1787, before the adoption of
I rights over these Territories means anything, it ;i the Constitution of the United States, the old Con-
] means that the tegislauve power over them is to be
j exercised by thirty distinct independent sovereign-
! ties. It is not true, as a matter of constitutional
j right, that the lav/ of property should be to the
I citizen of any State removing into a territory the
: law of the State from which ho came. It is a mere
! assumption, riot sustained by any provision in the
, Constitution, or any practice under the Govern-
ment, nor is it possible that any such state of things
should for a moment exist.
Now, sir, is the claim, that this sovereign power
of legislation resides in the people of the Territo-
ries any more sound or tenable ?
This has been a favorite doctrine of many per-
sons, and seems to have been the opinion of the
unsuccessful Democratic candidate for the Presi-
dency. It is somewhat difficult to understand,
however, what are the views of the advocates of
this doctrine. I)oe3 this power, said to reside m
State, and of <iil the citizens thereof, as they value theii • (jie people of the Territories, extend to all subjects
P"v! !' of legislation r If not. where is the line: and what
their rights of propt rty, to take firm, united, and conceited
action in this emergeney/' i
44 IT. Resolved, Tbnt wo re?ard the passageS>t a law by j
(he Congress 01 the United States, abolishing Savory or the
slave .trade ni the Di?-inct of Columbia, as a dnect attack j
upon the institutions of the southern States-, to be resisted 1
at eveiy haz-mi. I
" 11J. Resolved, That in the event of the parage by Con- j
gress of the' Wilmot Proviso,'oi any law abolishing slavery |
or the skive nade in Tin. DNtjiet ot Columbia, the Governor i
of thi.- Commonwealth w i''quested immediately fo convene i
the Legislature of this State (if it shall have adjourned) to |
conuder of the mode and measure ot rtdre>s." I
of legislation r If not, where is the line; and what
subjects are excluded; and on what principle is the
distinction taken ? Are all the laics of the United
States nugatory^there? Are they absolutely sov-
ereign ? Are tiie revenue laws applicable to them ? !
Can any tax be imposed upon them ? Can we in- !
gress adopted the famous ordinance entitled "an
ordinance for the government ot* the territory of
the United States northwest of the Ohio river.'*
The sixth article was m the following words:
"There shall he neither slavery nor involuntary servitude
in the sawl temtoiy, otherwise than m the punishment of
crimes whereof the party shall have been duly convicted:
JProvidedyalaaij$y That any pei?on escaping into fhe same
from labor or service lawlully claimed ni any one of the
original States, such fugitive may be Jawfully reclaimed and
conveyed to the per&oif claiming his or her labor oi service
as aforesaid."
It appears from the Journal of July 11,1787, as
follows:
" Tiie committee, consisting of Mr. Oarrington, (of Vir-
ginia,) Mr. Pane, (of Massachusetts,) Mr. K. H. Lee, (of
Virginia,) Mr. Kean. (of South Carolina.) Mr. Smith, (of
New York,) to whom was referred the report of a committee
touching the temporary government of the western territory,
reported an ordinance for the government of the United
States territory northwest of the river Ohio; which was read
a first time."
On the 13th July it was read the third time, and
j passed. There were eight States represented and
J voting, of which five were then and are now slave
States, \iz: Delawaie, Virginia, North and South
I Carolina and Georgia, and Massachusetts, .New
York and New Jeisey. The vote of the States
was unanimous, and also of"all the members fiom
' the States, except only Mr. Yates, of New York.
| ft will be seen, sir, that this was the Wilmot
proviso of that day-—-the very proviso in terms
which the honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Wilmot] copied^and introduced as an amend-
ment to the three million bill some two years ago.
It should also be borne in mind that when this pro-
viso was adopted in tne ordinance of 1787, slavery
to some extent existed in a portion of the North-
west Territory, and that it was adopted against
.... the wishes of probably a majority of the inhabitants
quisition of any of its territories, if th,ese doctrines ,, of that territory; and yet, sn, Virginia, who at that
,( are sound, and the provinces acquired could form ji early period took so prominent a part in its adep-
H themselves into independent sovereignties, and so !! tion, when the Legislature of Connecticut recom-
! continue as long as it suited them. ; mend the introduction of the very same provision
,j Kesides, sir, this assertion is perfectly grata- i' in relation to territory now free, and desired fcer-
jj icous, unsustamed by any provision of the Consti- tainiy not opposed) by the inhabitants of the terri-
■ j tution or practiceUf the Government, and leading :■ tory, deems it in good taste and sound patriotism
I to the most absurd results. 1ms by the United to threaten a dissolution of the Union, as a conse-
terfere with the form of their government r The
Constitution provides in relation to new States; but
what are the extent and limits of the jurisdiction
of these new sovereignties ? Can New Mexico
and California form their own territorial govern-
With regard to the resolutions of the Legislature (! mencs, set Congress at defiance, and so continue
of my own State, I agree with every word and sen- forever? Where is the power in the Constitution
tioient which they contain; and it is my present ji which call be used to coerce them to become States
purpose to sustain and enforce, as far as I can, the '! of the Union
opinions and statements expressed in them. I place ;I It would, under this hypothesis, be difficult to
in juxtaposition with them the comments of the i! see what the United States have gained by the ac-
Governor of the most prominent of the slavehold- 
ing States, and the declarations of its Legislature,
on t he subject of slavery; and / prefer to take the
State of Virginia and comment on its action on
this subject, because I design, before closing my
remarks, out of her own mouth to condemn her,
arid to show that least of all, and last of all of any
of the States of this Union, should Virginia use
such language in reference to the exercise"by Con-
gress of legislative power over these Territories on
t'ie subject of slavery. AH that f will now say in
relation to these Virginia declarations is, that I
hold in the inmost contempt any and all threats,
from any quaiter, of disunion for this cause: as
! States as a nation that these and other territoiies
, , •, • i • . i   11 \ji iuiiuwuii! me ej
have been acquired, either by conquest or negoti- wealth in Us better davsi
atlOO. and fhftv must hp. sn hplrl anri o-fwopnorl Ft .1 r. i !  _t •
quence of following the example of that Common-
ation, and they must be so held and governed? It ;;
is with us, as among the great powers of the world, f
that foreign nations have treated in relation to these
j , , —   — -——. ,, various territories acquired at different times. In :•
was weh remarked, the other day, the only thing j j the treaty for the acquisition of Louisiana, the >
more absurd than the threats themselves is any :: French Government "cedes to the United States
alarm in consequence of them. It is quite time, j] forever, and in full sovereignly, the said territory, jl
sir, that it should be understood that the language I i with all its rights and appurtenances;" and, in the il
It has been claimed by a distinguished member
from Virginia [Mr. Batiy] that " the sixth arti-
' cle of this ordinance (the one relating to slavery)
' was always treated as a nullity in the territory
' itself;" mid in proof of that, he cites the third
section of the act of 1703 in relation to fugitive
slaves, which provided: "That when a person,
' held to labor in any of the United States or in
m
