1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
235
30th Cong 2,d Sess.
California and New Mexico—Mr. J. A. Rockwell.
Hb. of Reps.
" But, sir, it is in this very circumstance, in this alleviated
and unproved condition, that we nave a principal cau>e of
apprehension from the slave. You rai>« his intelligence
with his condition, and, as he belter understand* his position
in the worJd, he were not man if it did not the more inflame
Ins discontent. That it has this effect we all Know; tor the
truth is pioverbial, thai a slave is the more unhappy as he is
the more indulged. It could not he otherwise: he follows
but the impulse of human nature in being so. Introduce him
4-tep after step into the enjoyment* of the estai« from which he
lias fallen, and yet proclaim to him that \u> is never to regain
it, and his heart rejects every favor but ihe favor which is
denied. As you benefit his external condition, then, jou do
not better hunas a slave ; but, with feelings of increased dis-
content, you improve his intellect, and thereby increase both
liis disposition and his capacity for the purposes of ie.^ent
went. Depend upon it, sir, thai he will use his capacity for
such pnrpo>es—that the s-tate of things which we boast of as
the evidence of our humanity is not the state of things to be
trusted in.
" Let gentlemen look to the clothed and comforted and
privileged condition of their slaves, and please themselves
with it as. an achievement of kindness ; but see to it, sir, if
it be not a mask of mischief, a covering which hides fiom
the eye the fire of a future explosion. Lift up the condition
of the slave, and you bring hun in nearer contact with the
liberty he has lost; you deepen upon hid heart, irievocably
deepen, the image of that idol of which man is everywhere
the worshipped And is this safe? Or think you that no
such consequence occurs, that the slave, eiawhng in the
dust, has none of the generous*eehnes of a man—regards
not and worships not the liberty which stirs the blood and
wakens up the enthusiasm of the free? It mi'iht indeed he
so, had not the love of liberty come to us with hte, and made
up a part of it> charauer. Sir, you may p!<ice the slave
where you'please ; you may dry up to jour uttermost the
fountains of his iVehnus, the spi ings of Ins thought; you may
close upon his mind every avenue of knowledge, and cloud
it over wnh artificial night; you may \ oke him to your la-
bors as the ox which liveth only to work, and worketh only
to Jive ; yon may put him under any process which, w ithout
destroying lu> value as a shive, will debase and cru^h him
as a rational being; \ou may do this, and the idea that he
was born to he free will survive all. It is allied to-lns hope
of immortality; it is the ethereal part of his natme, which op-
pression cannot reach , it is a toich lit up in his soul by the
hand of the Deity, and never meant to be extinguished by
the hand of man."
The Hon. Henry Berry said:
" Pass as severe Jaws as you will lokeep these unfortunate
creatures m ignorance, it is in vain, unless vou can extin-
guish that sptiik of intellect winch God has given them. Let
any man who advocates slavery examine the sj stem of laws
tlint we have adopted (irorn stern necessity, if may be said)
towards these creatures, and he may shed a tear upon that,
and would to God, sir, the memoiy of it might thus be blot-
ted out forever! Sir, we have, as far as pos-ihle, closed
every avenue by which light might enter into their minds;
we lidve only to yo one step further—to extinguish the ca-
paoiiy to see the "light—and our work would be completed.
They would then lie rtduced to the level of the beasts of the
field, and we should be safe. And I am not certain that we
would not do it if we could find out the necessary process,
and that under the plea of neeessiiv. But,s-ir, this i*impos-
sible. And can man be in the und-.t of freemen, and not
know what freedom is ? Can he feel that he has the powei
to assert his liberty, arid vvili he not do it?"
I wish not to comment upon these descriptions
thus furnished to us fiom the distinguished men of
Virginia of this enormous evil. It affords me no
pleasure to read them, and still less to dwell upon
this frightful picture. And yet, sir, this very State
claims that a new and virgin soil, a territory now
exempt from the evils of slavery, shall not continue
so; and threatens to dissolve the Union if slaves
are excluded from it.
It is mainly because I think it our duty as legis-
lators to pass such laws for tlrts extensive territory
as may he for the best good of those who occupy it,
and for the honor and "welfare of the country—be-
cause the same obligation is imposed upon us as
there would be if we were residing in the territory
itself, and were called upon to adopt the wisest
measures for the present and future well-being of
the people—it is for no narrow or sectional reasons
that I consider the duty so obvious, and the exer-
cise of the powerof Congress so important. 1 am
aware, sir, that many consider the question of polit-
ical power as the important one involved, and
that as Louisiana, Florida, and Texas have been
added with their slave population and representa-
tion in Congress, that the recently acquired terri-
tories should he formed into territorial governments
■which should secure the formation of free States.
This, sir, is a very good answer to the arguments
of some southern gentlemen on this subject, and to
their complaints, which are whimsical enough, of
their having been oppressed and injured by the free
States of the Union. ,
But, after all, sir, the question is not so much m
relation to an equipoise of political power, and the
preservation of any precise balance of free and
slave State, as it is what is best for the entire coun-
try, and especially for that portion of it for which
we are legislating ? And on that question, it seems
to me to be strange that there should be two
opinions.
It is said, Mr. Chairman, that the climate of the
country is such that slaves cannot be profitably
employed there, and that it is very unnecessary
for us to legislate on the subject. I mean not,sir,
to enter into any discussion of this question. It is
sufficient for me that this proposition is disputed;
and it is a matter of some question whether they
cannot be, and would not be, introduced into some
portions of New Mexico and California. Sure I
am, sir, that it would be the height of follv, on a
question of such impottance, when the introduction
of a few lines would settle the question of exclusion,
not to insert them; and no bill of any kind for the
government of these terutones shall ever receive
my vote which has not in it a provision similar to
the sixth article of the ordinance of 1787.
Besides, sir, what I consider of no less import-
ance is a solemn legislative declaration on this sub-
ject—a notice to the whole country, and to the
world, that heieafter if any territory is to be added
to this Union, it must come in a3 free territory. If
this shall have the effect of checking the insane
thirst for conquest or acquisition of new territoiy
in any other mode, 1 shall not regret it. If it saves
the country from the addition of Mexico, or Cuba,
or Canada, to our territory, as I think it will, it
will be a most auspicious result, arid one at which
the South, as well as the North, may well rejoice.
But it is said, sir, that this country has been ac-
quired by the common blood and tieasureof the
nation—the South as well as the North; and that
the South should not be excluded from the territory.
There is no exclusion of southern men from this
territory. They have piecisely the same right to
go theie, and reside there, as men from the North.
It is said that they cannot carry their property
with' them—meaning their slave property. It is
by the laws of the several Slates that these persons
are propeity; and it is true, that they must expect
to be governed by the laws of property which pre-
vail in the country to which they go, and not from
which they come; and the question, whether that
which is held as property in one State, or a portion
of the States, shall be so considered, depends en-
tirely on the legislation of Congress, m whom the
power resides.
Nor is it true thatthe southern people in a body
are partially excluded from these territories, or
anything like a majority of them. A very large
ma jority of the adult white inhabitants of the slave-
hoiding States are not slaveholder. His, 1 presume,
the case m every slave State in the Union—certainly
in most of them. I appeal to the gentlemen around
me, representing the States of Kentucky, Tennes-
see, Western Virginia, North Carolina. I see that
they assent to the proposition that not a fifth, in
some cases but one-tenth, are slaveholders.
It is not true, then, that a majority in any of
these States would find themselves encumbered
with slaves if they should emigrate, with ail their
property, to California. It would not be difficult,
I presume, to show that of those, that would em-
igrate to New Mexico and California from the
slave States, a very large pioportion (four-fifths,
perhaps nine-tenths) would go without slaves.
Certainly a majority of them would be persons of
this character.' So that, if the object were to con-
suit the interest or wishes even of the emigrants j
from the slave States alone, it-is tfot at all ceitain [
that a majority of them would not be best suited ;
by the exclusion of slavery from these Territories. 1
But the slave States are .not alone to be con- |
suited. It would be found a far more effectual !
exclusion of white men from the North by the j
admission of slavery in these Terntories, than of i
southern men by the prohibition of it. I presume '
the fact will be found to be, that there are more j
emigrants from the slave States to the free States,
than from the free to the slave States.
But it is said that the confining slavery within
its present limits is of gieat injuiy to the slave, and
in every way greatly aggravates the evil of slavery;
and the diffusion of it does in no manner increase
the evil of slavery, or the number of the slaves.
These are, as I understand it, the views of Gen-
eral Cass, as set forth in his Nicholson letter, and
have been urged with great earnestness by a num-
ber of gentlemen in this House, the supporteis of
that gentleman, as well from the North as the
South. The proposition is, I think, erroneous in
all its parts, both in matters of fact*and of infer-
ence. It is not true that slavery is restricted within
narrow limits; unless it is the design and wish of
gentlemen that slavery should be fostered and
encouraged, and should continue to increase for
generations to come, it would seem that the terri-
tory in which it now exists was quite sufficiently
extensive to satisfy any one. The area of tlie
| present slave territory, exclusive of Texas, is over
' six hundred thousand square miles, besides the
! immense and undefined territorial limits of that
j State. Here is range and scope enough surely
j for the expansion of this c< peculiar institution,"
i without any danger of that confining and penning
1 up, or any immediate ground of apprehension of
j a too dense population in the slave States, at which
i southern gentlemen seem so much alarmed. •
| But, sir, it is not true, in point of fact, that the
diffusion of this system of slavery does not in-
crease the number of slaves. The well-known
| laws of population, and the experience of all past
time and former generations, prove the contrary.
There are natural encouragements to, and checks
of, population, arising from the superabundance
or the sparseness of inhabitants, which ail known
and recognized the world over; and m relation to
such a population as the negro slaves these prin-
ciples apply with increased force; and these checks
I upon population are not necessarily connected with
any considerable amount of physical sufferings.
It is surely not necessary nor desirable that I
should enlarge upon this branch of political econ-
omy, but any one must know that when slaves
should be of very great value, the increase of
their numbers would bo successfully encouraged
to a fttr greater extent than when their value was
very small, with no .greater amount of physical
suffering or privation in the one case than in the
other.
Jf, however, in the course of a long period of
time, the extensive portions of the country, now
peopled sparsely by a slave population, should be-
come densely populated, and the number of the
slaves should so far increase as greatly to diminish
their value, the result doubtless would be their
eventual emancipation; but this result would be at
so remote a period that it would furnish most
abundant opportunity for slave? y to anticipate the
evil, and would lead the slave States to a resolute
and serious meeting of the question, and a proper
preparation for it by such means as they m their
own wisdom might considei most just and safe.
Are we, sir, in order to postpone still further the
time when, by the density of population, combined
with other causes, the value of siavfr labor shall
be diminished, or wholly cease, to extend indefi-
nitely this territory upon which this curse of sla-
very shall be inflicted? It will only render this
crisis a still more appal fin# one when it does come.
No, sir, .we have already, so far as this question
is concerned, committed a grave error by the in-
creased addition of slave territory to that which
was originally embraced in the States of this Union.
I have not the statistics before me, hut I suppose,
by a reference to the. tables of population m the
several slave States, it will be found that the num-
ber of slaves in the States formed out of the Lou-
isiana and Florida purchases, and Texas, is not
far shoit of the number of all m the original terri-
tory of the United States. Does any one suppose,
sir, if that new territory had not been acquired,
or slavery had been excluded from it, that the
number of slaves would have been as large at this
time, in their oii^inal limits, as it now is in the
whole country? The numbers have increased with
appalling rapidity, and the evil is daily becoming
more and more unmanageable; and yet the insane
idea is urged and pressed with apparent sincerity,
that you must increase the area, and add eventu-
ally, of course, to the number of the slaves, and
postpone meeting and acting upon this dreadful
question; I mean", of course, by the States, and
them alone, in whose limits this system existe.
But, sir, even if the number of slaves wM not
increased by this diffusion of slavery, the evils of
slavery would be greatly increased by doubling
the area over which it would be extended. The
argument, if it proves anything, leads to this re-
sult—that if the slaves now in the slave States
were spread over the entire country, and diffused
throughout the territory of the United States, the
evil would be no greater than it now is. This I
