1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
239
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Governments for the New Territories—Mr. Donnell.
Ho. of Reps.
effected only by steeping the flourishing villages |
of the INorth, and the sunny plains of the South,
in fraternal blood, shed m a fraternal war. Who
can picture the scenes that are to follow the attempt
to dissolve it. A servile war, a long and exhaust-
ing struggle with ei\ch other, and the ultimate ex-
tinction of our liberty. Yes, the sun that shines
upon the last day of our existence as a united
people, wil! be the last to rise upon American lib-
erty. Upon this subject I pledge myself to the
country, and to my constituents, never to coun-
tenance anything that may tend "to enfeeble the
soc'ud ties that now link together the various parts" of
our Union. I will stand upon the platform made
for me by the Legislature of my State. I beg1
leave to read it to the committee:
"Resoiced, That we, the people of North Carolina, of all
parti'"*, ar^ devotedly attached to the union of the United
State*; that tiiey repaid it as a main pillai id the edifice of
real independence, the support of tranquillity at home, of
peace abroad, of safety, of propei ty, and of that vci y liberty
they so highly prize; that they cherish a coidml, habitual,
arid immovable attachment to* it, and that the> watch lor
its preservation with lealou? anxiety; that they believe it is
the duty of their pubiic servants to discountenance what-
ever may suggest even a Mispteion that it can, in any event,
be abandoned"; and to 'ft pel indignantly ev«-iy attempt to
4 alienate any poiiion of our country from the rest, or to en-
< feeble the sacred ties winch now link together the various
«paits."
I am proud to be able to say that 1 never frater-
nized with, or took "lot or part" in the recent
movement known as the Southern Convention. It
is due to my constituents that I should state briefly
my reasons, and in doing so I distinctly disclaim
any disposition to atraign the motives of any gen-
tleman on this floor. I only desire to state the
position in which I should appear if I had been in
that convention. I had been an ardent admirer
and an enthusiastic supporter of General Taylor
for the Presidency. Believing that the present
Administration had involved us in our present
difficulties by the blind pursuit of its own aggrand-
izement, and that General Taylor was the "man
for the times," I had devoted whatever humble
ability [ had to his election. I had represented to
my constituents my conviction that he was imbued
with national principles; that his heart was as true j
to his country as his own tried blade; and that j
under his administration I believed the interests j
and the honor of the whole country would be snfe.
I could not be so untrue now to myselt as to an-
nounce to my constituents, upon the eve of his in-
auguration, that their rights were in danger, when
1 did not believe it. Was I to bring distrust upon
him whom I had so zealously supported, before-
he had yet been tiied? Where was the necessity,
at that particular time, for that movement on the
part of a portion of the southern Democracy?
Why was it not made when^Mr. Polk signed
the Oiegon hill with the Wilmot proviso? When
he thus gave up forever t6 the North this ter-
ritory, before the North had agreed to concede
to the South even the poor privilege of escaping
the humiliation which she is seeking to bring upon
her, why was the insult pocketed? It is said
the passage through the House of the resolu-
tion of infractions offered by the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Gott] was the moving cause;
but that was reconsideied before the address was ,
preoaicd, and it never had passed tfven the final ,
action of this House. If it had, it must yet have j
passed the Senate, and then through the hands of
Mr. Polk, before an act of aggression would have
been perpetrated. Had gentlemen beguruto dis-
trust their President? Did they fear Mr. Polk
would carrv out the. views he expressed in private
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Wil-
mot! ? Why was it made by gentlemen who have
just been defeated by the people, when this ques-
tion had been put in issue behne the people, and
when a President from the South was about to
come into power? Such a movement could do no
good to them, except to throw distrust upon the
incoming Administration. Ail honor to the twen-
ty-seven Democrats who refused to join the mo\e-
ment. What was ilie purpose of the address. It
professes to seek to unite the South. Unite it on
what' Are %ve not alteady umteq upon tins sub-
ject? ' I have heard of no dilterence in the views or
actions of the South, except during the last session
in'the Senate, when two Democratic beiiators Kave
their votes for the bill winch Mr. Polk afterwards
appioved,and which contained thc-vVilniotproviso.
I allude to the Senator fiom Missouri [Mr. Ben-
ton] and the Senator from Texas, [M r. Houston,]
one of tho.se recently annexed by the Democrats of
the South in order to strengthen the South in that
Chamber. There was no more necessity for such
a convention or address at this time than there was
twelve months ago. The union called for is one
which,* in my judgment, looks to disunion. I in-
terpret the address of the distinguished Senator
from South Carolina to be a call upon the South to
unite upon him. I shall always regret, too, that
this convention was held with closed doors, m the
dark hour of the night, and in the Chamber of this
Capitol dedicated to the deliberations of the con-
servative branch of the Government. Whether it
deserve it or not, it can scarcely hope to escape the
denunciations which have heretofore been so liber-
ally heaped upon the Hartford Convention. I think
1 serve my constituents much more truly, and con- !
form more strictly to the oath which I have taken <
to support that bond of our political union, the I
Constitution, by exerting myself in my place here j
to allay this morbid excitement. I could not but i
believe that a movement like this by the whole i
South would have produced a reaction at the North, j
widen the breach already so fearful, and "alienate j
a portion of our country from* the rest." !
1 do not believe we shall be able to settle the i
question at this time. If we should fail, as 1 fear !
we will, at this session, California and New Mex- |
ico must continue under a military government, I
and 1 trust that the next Congress may find a ,
better spirit prevailing in these Halls. It will be !
a happy thing for the people to have us, who are j
the principal agitators, once more at our homes, i
where our capacity for mischief will be limited. j
Whatever is to be the end of this controversy, i
I hope ihe people of the South will not forget ivho !
are responsible for our difficulties. I will not now I
recapitulate the arguments that we urged upon j
them to prove that the object of this war was con- '
quest, or to forewarn them that they were to be the
sufferers by this gross violation of the Constitution
on the part of the President. The recent develop-
ment of the fraud which consummated this aggres- j:
sion by the Piesident upon the Constitution, claims :j
my attention during the few moments that are left, ij
I tried to get the floor when the subject of the ,j
protocol was under discussion, that 1 might ex- j
press my views at length. 1 cannot now go into ,|
an examination of its ettect upon the relations be- i
tween us and Mexico, or how far Mexico would .
have a right to require us to adhere to the pro- |
toco!, or how far the acquiescence or silence of ;
the Senate now may operate to give it validity. I i
shall direct my remaiks to the positions which
have been taken in defence of the Piesident, and
think that I can throw out some suggestions that
will enable gentlemen to see that the protocol is
not conformable to the understanding of the treaty
as amended. The secrecy by which this transac-
tion has been covered over, the apparent con-
sciousness of guilt which characterizes it, the
difficulty with which it was brought to light almost
at the last hour of the existence of this Adminis-
tration, stamp the indelible stigma of fraud upon
it—fraud peipeirated not only upon a weak and
humiliated enemy, but tilso upon the people of the
United States. Mr. Polk in his proclamation de-
clared that the treaty as amended by the Senate had
been ratified by Mexico, and after a (apse of ten
months a solemn formal prptocol is extracted from
him by a resolution of the House, which shows
■ that our commissioners had explained away -the
amendments before the exchange of ratifications.
They did, in substance, represent the Senate of
the United States as a junto of verbal ciitics en-
gaged in secret session more than three weeks 111
poTishintr the language of the treaty. The defence
made by the President's friends to very amusing,
h is first said that the protocol follows the expla-
nations, as they were detailed m the letter of in-
structions from Mr. Buchanan,and thus they  ^cek
to shield the commissioners. I hen it is asserted
that they were particularly told ill the letter that
they had no ri^ht to alter the treaty, and thus the
President is to escape. 1 was particularly at- ,
tracted by the emphatic manner in which it seems >
to have been urged upon the commissioners that ,
they had no right to alter the treaty. W ly was ,
this? Had Mr. Polk selected commissioners who ,
did not know this, or was it all designed m t e ,
event of a subsequent disclosure to shield the Fres- ,
ident from the just indignation of the country?
Was there any verbal understanding", any under-
standing that was not to be preserved upon paperf
like that which seems to have been mysteriously-
whispered by the winds of heaven in the ear of •
Santa Anna when the secret pass was awaiting his
arrival at VeraCruz? ThePresidentcannotescape.
He knew u after it had been done, if he did not be-
fore, and sanctioned it by his silence and his exe-
crable secrecy. Who dreamed of such a paper while
the campaign for the election of President was going
on? While this subject was under discussion, a
gentleman remarked that the protocol was only
given to the Piesident of Mexico to enable him to ■
satisfy the people of Mexico, and I Uo not doubt
that it was a good electioneering document for
him. It would not probably have been so good a
one for Mr. Polk's party m this country.
It was too small a matter to be submitted to the
Senate, but much too important for the House of
Representatives or the people to know. The Pres-
ident excuses himself for not complying with the
call of the House, on the ground that it was incom-
patible with the public interest. It may very often,
during the pendency of diplomatic correspondence,
or immediately after the ratification of a treaty, be
proper that he should keep secret important state
papers from the opposite party; hut here the in-
formation was in the hands of the people of Mex-
ico, and there is no excuse for suppressing it, ex-
cept the consciousness of guilt. The President and
his friends justify the protocol on the ground, fur-
ther, that it does not \sary the treaty. I have beea.
surprised at the confidence with which it is asserted
that there is no difference between the treaty and
the protocol; that the protocol is the true construc-
tion of the treaty. Now, sir, if gentlemen will
look at some of the decisionsof our Supreme Court,
they will find that treaties are usually construed
very strictly. I will giveoneexample: A casearose
under the treaty with Spain, which you, Mr.
Chairman, will remember, involving the question
of title under a grant made by Spain before the
acquisition of Florida by this Government. The
case will be found in 2d Peters'Rep., 253, (Foster
vs. Neilson.) The treaty had been drawn up both
in English and in Spanish, as is the case with this
treaty with Mexico, and the English form of the
treaty was before the court. The decision turned
-upon the construction of the clause in the treaty
i which declares that "all the grants of land made be-
! ' fore the 24th day of January, 1818, by his Catholic
i 4 Majesty, or by his lawful authorities in the said
{ ' territories, ceded by his Majesty to the United
4 States, shall be ratified and confirmed to the persons
e in possession of the lands to the same extent that
{ the same grants would be valid if the territories
4 had remained under the dominion of his Catholic
£ Majesty."Chief Justice Marshall, who delivered
the opinion of the court, decided that the words
" shall be ratified and confirmed," did not per se
operate to give validity to grants not otherwise
valid, but that it required legislative action to carry
out the treaty. Some time afterwards the case of
the United States vs. Percheman was brought up,
and Chief Justice Marshall again deliveied the
opinion of the court. The Spanish form of the
treaty was then before the court'. The correct
translation of the Spanish made it vary ti'om the
English form in a single word. It read, u shall
remain ratified and confirmed." The effect of it
was that the court overruled its former decision
upon that single word. I have selected these cases
from many others in the books to show that there
' may be nice and difficult questions arising out of
' the words of a treaty, and that it is a bold opinion
| for any one to hazaid, that this protocol does not
j amount to anything. I propose now to compare
| the protocol with the amended treaty. I read the
! ninth article of the rrenty as it originally was, the
; amendment, and the protocol:
' « Article- 9. The iMexyians who m the tf rritojies afore-
said shall not preserve Hie eharactei ot eUizMi* ot the Mex-
it <m Republic conformably with what w -.upul.ited m tne
preceding aiticiu, ^hall bo uicorporafc d iMu ihe Umon of
the United States, and admitted .tesoon as aeeord-
ins to uic principle? of tho Federal <'.or,st.t.niun, u  the en-
io\ iiHMjt of ull thp  if?hw of citwns o? the UinttN. In
the mean time, they-hull be maintained and p.oleeteim
die enjoynx'ht of their liberty, then prop rtj. and the civil
u-i.ts now w~tcd in them ncconhm? to u«o Mexican awe.
With icspeet to political light*, tln'ii c-oachiion *haH be on
au equalitv with mat ot the inhabitants "i tae othei
ries of the United {States, and at lea-t equally good a* that of
the inhabitants of Louisiana and the Hondas when iht *e
