Ho
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 19,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Governments for the New Territories—Mr. Donnell.
Ho. of Reps.
provinces, by transfer from the French Republic and the
Crown of Spain, became territories of the United States.
" The same most ample gqarantee shall be enjoyed by ali
ecclesiastics and religious corporations? or communities, as
well in the discharge of the offices of their ministry as in
the enjoyment of their property of every kind, whether indi-
vidual" or corporate. This guarantee shall embrace all tem-
ples, houses, and edifices' dedicated to the Roman Catholic
worship, as well as all property destined to its support, or
to that of schools, hospitals, and other foundations for char-
itable or beneficent purposes. No property of this nature
shall be considered as having become the property of the
American Government, or as subject to be by it disposed of
or diverted to other uses.
" Finally, the relations and communication hetween the
Catholics living in the territories aforesaid and their respect-
ive ecclesiastical authorities shall be open, free, and exempt
from all hindrance whatever, even although such authori-
ties should reside within the limits of the Mexican Republic,
as defined by this tieaty; and this freedom shall continue
so long as''a new demarcation of ecclesiastical districts shall
not have been made, conformably with the laws of the Ro-
man Catholic Church.5'
This was finally amended by the Senate* so as
to read—
" The Mexicans who in the territories aforesaid shall not
preserve the character of citizens of the Mexican Republic,
conformably with what is stipulated in the preceding article,
shall be incorporated into the Union of the United States,
and be admitted at the proper time (to be judged of by
the Congress of the United States) to the enjoyment of all
the rights'of citizens of the United States, according to the
principles of the Constitution, and in the mean time shall be
maintained and protected in the free enjoyment of their lib-
erty and property, and secured in the free exercise of their
religion without restriction."
The following is the assurance, given in solemn
form, by the commissioners appointed by Mr.
Polk, one of whom (Mr. Sevier) was a member of
the Senate while the treaty was before them:
TVifoeol of the conference previous to the ratification
and exchange of the treaty of peace between Ambrose H.
irievier and IVathan Clifford, commissioned as Ministers
Plenipotentiary on the part of the United States of America,
and Don Luis de la Itos.i, Minister of Foreign and Internal
Affairs of the Mexican Republic :
" In the city of Queretaro, on the 26th of the month of
May, 1848, at a conference between their Excellencies Na-
than Clifford and Ambrose H. Sevier, Commissioners of the
United States of America, with, full powers from their Gov-
ernment to make to the Mexican Republic suitable explanations
in regard to the amendments which the Senate and Govern-
ment of tile United States have made in the tieaty of peace,
friendship, limit*, and definitive settlement between the two
Republic*, signed in the city of Guadalupe Hidalgo, on the
2d day of February, of the present vear, and his Excellency
Don Luis de la Rosa, Minister of Foreign Aftairs of the Re-
public of Mexico, it was agreed, after adequate conversation
respecting the changes alluded to, to record m the present
protocol the following explanations, which their aforesaid
Excellencies, the Commissioners, save in the name of their
Government, and m tutlillment of the commission conferred
upon thorn near the Mexican Republic:
<<l-<t. The American Government, b\/suppressing the ninth
article of the treaty of Guadalupe, and substituting the thud
article of the tieaty of Louisiana, did not intend to diminish
lit any way what was agreed upon by the afoiesaid article
ninth, in favor of the inhabitants of the territories ceded by
Mexico. Its understanding is, that all of that agreement is
contained in the third article of the treaty of Louisiana. Jn
consequence, all the privileges and guarantees, civil, politi-
cal, and religious, which would have been possessed by the
inhabitants of the ceded territories if the ninth article of the
treaty had been retained, will be enjoyed bv them, without
any difference, under tiie article which has been substi-
tuted."
Is this assurance, thus solemnly made and
signed and sealed by both our commissioners and
by the Mexican minister, true? I might, if I had
time, show t there are important ecclesiastical
privileges the original that are not secured
in the amendmlta^J||it theie are parts that have
been " suppressedthe Senate which have
some relation to the subject which I have been
discussing. The Senate did not choose to pledge
the fatth of the Government to admit them into
the Union "as soon as possible." If the protocol
is binding upon us, the gentleman from Virginia
would have an unanswerable argument in favor of
his bill. He might well urge that our faith is
pledged to do it now, or as soon as it can be
effected. I will not undertake to say how far it
does affect the treaty. I shall show, in a few mo-
ments, that in some cases it may have a material
effect upon it. I can only say now, that it is with
great reluctance that I recognize the treaty for any {
purposes. I shall certainly, in legislating not i
recognize the protocol as pledging me to°brine- ;
such evils upon the country as I think would fol- I
low the introduction of these people now as an I
organized State. , !
Again; it will be observed that in the original '
treaty there was a pledge that the " civil lavfs" of i
Mexico are to be guarantied to them until we do i
admit them into the Union; that, until they are
admitted, there is to be no change except in their (
"political laws." I made an argument at the last n in the first place, international law is nothingmore
session of Congress to prove, that upon the cession
of inhabited territory to this country, the political
laws were the only laws that were ipso facto
changed, and that their municipal regulations con-
tinued in force until they were repealed. If we
give to New Mexico a territorial legislature, they
may repeal them, or Congress may, if it think
proper. We could not have repealed them with-
out violating our faith, if the original article had
been sanctioned by the Senate. Wow, among
their municipal or civil laws was one forbidding
slavery, and it may be that the Mexican Govern-
ment had reference to this very subject; for it will
than rules of action that owe their existence to the
custom and comity of nations. Whether they
shall be applied or not, depends upon the mere
will of the nation. The sovereignty of every na-
tion is, within its own borders, supreme. We
might choose to declare, we might find it our polity
to declare, that these principles should not be
applied by our courts. There might be many
instances in which we might find it necessary to do
so to preserve our institutions. It is well known
to gentlemen that the conditions upon which these
grants have been made in iMexico are, many of
them, against the spirit of our institutions. The
be seen, by reference to the correspondence of Mr. h Senate did not think proper to pledge themselves
Trist, that they were not indifferent to it, and they j] to Mexico that our Government would not legislate
| seem to be much better diplomatists than Mr. Polk. |! upon this subject. But our President and Cum mis-
Mr. Trist says that they could not be more startled •: sioners, in the plentitude of their power, have im-
at the proposition to introduce the inquisition into : pliedly done it. The reason that all our treaties
the ceded territory than they were at the idea of :! in relation to the cession of territories have a pro-
the introduction of slavery. However that may
be, I ask southern gentlemen if it would not have
been as effective to restrict slavery as the Wilmot
vision on the subject of grants is, that we may he-
restricted in good faith from annulling them. We
chose to be untrammeled in this instance. We
have heretofore exercised this power of annulling
grants made by the former sovereign of the ceded
country.
A recital of the facts in the case to which I allude
will show the propriety of the amendment of the
Senate. We'acquired Louisiana from France by
jectionable, it would not affect the argument. I am i the treaty of 1803. France had previously acquired
examining the nosition that the nrof.nr.nl adheres !' it from Snnin In/ tlie treat™ nf 1«fin ™)lerl tl«
proviso? Would it not also have kept up the sys-
tem of peon servitude? I do not know what other
objectionable regulafions it might have preserved
there* but, whatever they may be, could we have
abrogated them and kept our faith ? And if there
had been no laws in existence there that are ob-
examining the position that the protocol adheres j: it from Spain by the treaty of 1800, called the treaty
to the amended treaty. The view that I have | of St. ildefonso. After we acquired it there was a
endeavored to present did not escape the Senate ' disputed boundary question, between our Govern-
during its deliberations upon the treaty. The very j: ment and that of Spam. Spain held possession of
first amendment proposed to this article was, by j; the country between the Iberville and tne Perdido.
Mr. Johnson, of Georgia, to insert, after the words [j We claimed it as a part of the territory ceded by
"Mexican laws," the words "not inconsistent. I the treaty of St. Ildefonso to France, and afterwards
with the Constitution and the laws of the United j by France to the United States. In several of the
States." The vote was 38 in the affirmative and i acts of Congress in relation to the Territory of
7 in the negative—Mr.Sevier voting in the affirm- ;j Louisiana, its boundaries arc treated according to
ative. But I pass to the next article of the treaty, i: our claim, but there never was any practical appli-
" Article X—All grants of land made by the Mexican I cation of our laws to the disputed territory, it
Government, or by the competent authorities, in territories jj remained in the possession of the Spanish Govern-'
previously appertaining to Mexico, and remaining for the . i M,.„i,, L-. , 1 ,
future within the limits of the United States, shall be respect- < 5H , claim was only a constructive one,
ed as valid, to the same extunt that the same grants would /''^e tnat °' iexas to the territory between the
be valid if the said territories had remained within the limits !: Nueces and the RioGrande, until we acquired from
of Mexico. But the grantees of lands in Texas, put in pos- 11 Sriam in lSiq„ll the „e
1} Spam in 1819 all the Spanish territory east of the
11 Mississippi. I have already referred to the stipu-
lations in the treaty of 1819. In the year 1804,
the year after.the acquisition of "Louisiana, Congress
created two territories there, and in one of the sec-
tions of the act declared " that all grants for lands
' within the territories ceded by the^French republic
' to the United States by the treaty of the30th April,
11803, the title whereof was, at the date of the treaty
' of Ildefonso, in the Crown, Government, or nation
' ofSpain,and every actand proceeding subsequent
' thereto, of whatsoever nature, towards the obtain-
1 ing of any grant, title, or claim to such lands, and
' under whatsoever authority transacted or pre-
' tended, be and the same are hereby declared to be,
'iand have been from the beginning, null and void,
1 and of no effect in law or equity." A parallel
case may occur in the history of this Mexican
treaty. There was a disputed territory between
, . a - j. Mexico and Texas. Mexico claimed it as hers,
stituted m its place, and the protocol assures the h and held possession of it until the United States
Mexican Government—that jj took armed occupation of it m 1846. Are her
T2,l'ofh,t^erlca%GnVTfent'?-y,supp'.essmgthetenth   Srants in that portion of the territory up to the
0f thc trcaty of d'l not, m anv wav. i 13thMay, 1846, valid ? Or may it be necessary
session thereof, who, by reason of the circumstances ot the
country since tUe beginning of the troubles between Texas I
and the Mexican Government, may have been prevented i
fiom fulfilling all the conditions of theirgrnnts, shall bounder !
the obligation to fulfill the said conditions within thc peiiods
limited in the same respectively; such periods to be now
counted from the daie of the exchange of ratifications of this
treaty; in default of which, the said grants shall not be ob-
.ligatory upon the State of Texas, in vntue of the stipulations
cout<uned in this article.
"The foregoing stipulation in regard to grantees of land in
Texas, is extended to all grantees of land in the terntones
aforesaid, elsewhere than in Texas, put in possession under
such grants; and, in default of the fulfillment of the condi-
tion® of any such grant within the new period, which, as is
above stipulated, begins with the day of the exchange of
ratifications of this treaty, the same shall he null and void.
" The Mexican Government declares, that no grant what-
ever ofiands- in Texas has been made since the second day
of March, one thousand eight hundred and thirty-six; and
that no grant whatever of lands, m any of the territories afore-
said. hat* been made since the thirteenth day of Mav, one
thousand eight hundred and forty-six."
This article was stricken out and nothing sub-
article of the treaty of Guadalupe, did not, in any way, in- .
tend to annul the grants of lands made by Mexico m the !
ceded territories. These grants, notwithstanding the sup-
pression of this article of the treaty, preserve the legal value
which they may possess, and the grantees may cause their
legitimate titles to be acknowledged before the American tri-
bunals.
"Conformably to the law of the United States, legitimate
titles to eveiy description of property, personal and real, ex-
isting in the ceded territories, are those which weie. legiti-
mate titles under the Mexican law in California and New
Mexico, up to the 13th of Mav, 1S46. and in Texas ur> to the
2d ot March, 1836.
"3d. - • • * * - *
"Arid these explanations having been accepted by the
Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Mexican Republic, he de-
clared m the name of his Government, that, with the. under-
standing conveyed by ^ "
eced to ratify the t
Senate and Government of the Uniled'States. Jn'te-tunonv .i j ..D 
of which, their Excellencies, the aforesaid Commissioners e.ntu°* lllfee thousand square leagues. Are grants
and the Minister, have signed and sealed, in quintupiicate, w,t" conditions of this character to be held erood ?
tile pr&ent protocol. Kathan Clifford [L. *.] How many difficult questions arise in these rases,
AM Bit OS lii ri. fetav I£,R, fL.&.l ♦!-.- * ....n   i-t ...
LUIS Dtf LA ROSA.,J [l. s j
Let us see how that is.
for Congress or the Legislature of Texas to annul
them ? In the other portions of her territory which
has been ceded to us there are grants involving
intricate questions of law. We know that it has
been the policy of Mexico, particularly since her
difficulties with Texas, to impose conditions that
are at war with the policy and contrary to the
spirit of our institutions. In some, as I understand,
the settlement by Americans is expressly forbidden.
We have not forgotten the attempt to make one to
Macnamara in 1846, with the object of keeping it
out, of the hands of the Americans, comprising
i mr. vruvcjJilllt-IM, uttu} vim IHC. UnaCT- , . , . .   un j.*. mci tSltJg
y them, the same Government would pio- v>^hin its limits the bay of Francisco and the besi
lZh the : military positions in the country, covering an ex-
aentof the United states. Jn totimonv    _ 3   &
that will readily suggest themselves to a lawyer!
r, ,, , . T'le whole doctrine of conditions, precedent and
i ■ ii yrentlemen say that it subsequent, the effect of the condition bein"- ren-
is nothing more than the application of international, dered impossible by the act of the granto? and
INow, sir, j; many others that I have not time to enumerate.
law to the subject upon which it rests.
