5J- >">1
1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
80th Cong....2d Sess.
Government for California•—Mr. A. Evans.
Ho. of Reps.
conformably with what is stipulated in the preceding article,
&ha  be incorporated into the Union of the United States,
and be admitted -aI the proper time (to he judged of by the
Congress of the United States) to the enjoyment of all the
rights of citizens of the United States, according to tbe.prm-
cipies of the Constitution, and in the mean tune shall be
maintained and protected in the free enjoyment oftheir lib-
erty and propeuy, and secured in the free exercise of their
religion without restriction."
Are we less obliged to protect these people in
the free enjoyment of their liberty, property, and
religion, as provided by this article, than we are
to pay the money provided for by another article?
"The free enjoyment of their liberty, property,
and religion;" these, sir, are the very words of
my substitute. It is intended to provide for the
observance of the treaty; it is intended to give law,
and protection, to our fellow -people of the Pacific
coast, who are now destitute of both; it is intended
to bring order out of disorder, and method out of
confusion; and it is intended by settling the gov-
ernment upon a firm, though temporary basis, to
provide hereafter for a permanent, and efficient
administration of affairs, through some, well-settled
scheme of legislation.
This plan may not succeed; it may not meet
with the sanction of this House: but, I am well
assured that all others must fail. The bill reported
by the chairman of the Committee on Territories
will not become a lasv; the substitute offered by
the gentleman from Virginia will probably not pre-
vail, it being in the nature of a permanent arrange-
ment; may I not then .hope that this substitute,
which is only intended for the temporary govern-
ment of this Territory, will be adopted?
If this or some measure analagous to if, be not
adopted, it will be only an additional proof, added
to those which have already accumulated, that the
desire of certain gentlemen here, is not so much to
provide for the peace, safety, and security of our
recent, and distant acquisitions, as it is to keep up
a dangerous, though profitable, political agitation.
Already western California is becoming the scene
of a wide-spread and, I trust, a profitable commerce;
cargoes to the amount of many millions value have
left the ports of the United States bound for those
distant regions; a numerous and hardy emigration
es thronging towards the Bay of St. Francis—some
around the Cape, some by the Isthmus, some west-
ward, through the wilds of the American continent;
yet, sir, there is no means of protection for the
property when it arrives, except the strong hand;
there is no punishment for him who molests the
emigrant, except that which each man settles for
himself. And northern gentlemen seem unwilling
to provide for these people even a temporary pro-
tection. Their action has never been so slack when
their own private interests were concerned. When
the bill for the extension of our revenue laws over
that country was before this House, the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Root] was very anxious to add to
it the Wilmot proviso; but those gentlemen who
ordinarily are willing enough to attach it to every
subject without any repaid to its pertinence, were
fikillful enough to prevent the gentleman from Ohio
from effecting his object; to do so they knewwould
suffer the goods and shipping of Holland, France,
and England to compete even-handed in the ports
of California, with the goods and shipping of the
North. The proviso had to yield to the interest
of northern gentlenten upon that occasion.
Mr. Chairman, I have dwelt sufficiently long
upon this first great national difficulty; my waning
hour admonishes me to pass to other subjects
which I wish to consider before I close these re-
marks. I have endeavored to point out a way of
healing those dissensions which seem to endanger
the permanence of the Union itself. I have be-
lieved that the substitute offered by the gentleman
from Virginia would effect that object, or, failing
that, I have believed that my own substitute, by
giving time for reflection and better feeling; by re-
moving, for a time at least, the present causes of
discord; and, above all, by securing to the people
of these new territories protection and some sort
of government, would give such a permanence to
their affairs, and stimulus to their growth, that
-perhaps, before the expiration of the act, they
would be enabled to organize a government of their
own, and apply here for admission to the Union.
This provision of'a government for the acquired
territory, is our first great difficulty; it is one of
the most dangerous aspect; one which has already,
in agreat degree, disturbed the peace and harmony
of ourUnion, to which discord is almost the same
as destruction. Sir, it is one of that plentiful har-
vest of evils which have sprung out of the admis-
sion of Texas into this Union—evils of which we
have scarcely yet seen the beginning, but which
have already signally displayed themselves in na-
tional discord, confusion, and dismay. In what
an aspect do we present ourselves to the view of
the whole civilized world!
The friends of self-government, we deny to the
people of a distant province that inestimable priv-
ilege—the descendants of those who encountered
danger, difficulty, and death itself, rather than sub-
mit to taxation without representation; yet wc do
not scruple to impose such taxation upon a distant
and as yet feeble people! The greedy seekers
afterjerritory which we own our inability to gov-
ern, when we have acquired it!
Gentlemen accuse us, too, of hindering the set-
tlement of this question, and say that we oppose
the twelfth section of the.Territorial bill, contain-
ing the Wilmot proviso, because we desire to ex-
tend slavery into the territories. Sir, the charge is
unfounded. I have no desire to extend -slavery
there. I believe that my colleagues have no such
desire; that the State of Maryland has none; but
that State does desire to stand an equal in this Con-
federacy, and not a dependent; and voting, as I
always have, against that proviso, the reasons
already given by me are sufficient, if I had no
other; and those are, that I perceive in it the germ
which will grow into such discord, and ill-feeling,
as may lead to the disunion of this Confederacy.
I pass now, sir, to another question—another of
the causes of dissension among us; a question in
which the people of my State feel a great and not
unnatural interest, and that is, the subject of sla-
very in this District, which has occupied so much
time here of late.
I remember very well, that when the resolution
of the gentleman from New York [Mr. Gott]
was offered in this body, and I claimed the right
of the State of Maryland to be heard upon it—de-
siring that my colleague, who is now seated in
front of me, [Mr. McLane,] might speak upon
the subject—the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gid-
dings] remarked, that Ohio, too, wished to be
heard. There was more, sir, in the manner than
the matter of the observation; but it was intended
to convey the idea that Maryland is not more in-
terested in the question of the abolition of slavery
here, than Ohio. It is not true, sir, that. Ohio has
the same interest in this subject, that the people of
Maryland have. It is vital to,our interests; it is
indifferent to theirs. With us jt is a practical
question of the highest import; with them it is at
most a speculative abstraction. With us it may
be a question of life or death; with them it is but
a means of political agitation, and political profit.
But, sir, the exquisite and relined sensibilities
of the gentleman from Ohio have been, as he in-
forms us, shocked by the sight of the manacled
slave, from the windows of this Capitol. It is
somewhat remarkable, that that view has not
crossed the eyes of any other member of this body;
but I can tell that member thatof which perhaps he
is ignorant; for many cranes slaves are not punished
as the white man is, by confinement within the ivctlls
of a penitentiary, bat by deportation. Sir, I have no
doubt that the gentleman has wasted a vast deal of
fine feeling, and expended a great qubnuty of un-
necessary sympathy upon some ignominious felon.
All this, however, no doubt, finds its account
in that gentleman's district, and produces a rich
harvest of political profit. The sympathy that is
wasted upon the manacled highwayman or burglar,
turnsquite as much to gain,asany that could be ex-
pended upon a case of real hardship and suffering.
Another favorite theme with tha* gentleman is
the slave dens, as he is pleased to denominate
them. Now, sir, I do not appear here as any
apologist for slave dens. Such is not my purpose.
But when he asserts that they are kept up for the
purpose of confining within their walls slaves
brought from my own State, I think proper to
meet the assertion by an indignantdenial. Slaves
are not brought from Maryland into this District
for sale, or at least very few. I have never seen nor
known of any. Slaves cannot legally be brought
here from any other State. If any, then, be con-
fined here, they are slaves belonging properly to
the District^ and yet the gentleman vyoufd persuade
his constituents that this is the great mart of slave
trade.
In fact, slavery exists in this District in its mild-
est form—in a* form, indeed, so mild that it is a
misnomer to call it slavery; yet certain members
continually dwell upon its horrors and barbarity
without ever having seen a single instance of
either.
Sir, the citizens of Maryland are interested,
deeply interested, in this question of the abolition
of slavery here. The people of this District were
once our citizens; they are still governed by our
laws; whatever touches their interests also inti-
mately affects us; they are, as it were, in our midst.
And let not gentlemen upon this floor imagine that
we are deceived by the philanthropical pretences
of certain people in this country. Sir, it is not the
good of the slave that they seek, but our ill. They
well know that he is unfitted for an immediate
emancipation, and that nothing is more dangerous
than to intrust power to the ignorant; but emanci-
pation is not their object. No, sir; no; it is to
establish here a great central magazine of agitation."
It is from hence that they hope to excite to discon-
tent the slaves of the surrounding States; to instill
into their minds disaffection, distrust, and hatred
for the whites among whom they live; and finally,
to consummate, at any cost, their pernicious de-
signs. And c^n we, sir, who are to be the first
victims of this agitation, sit by and behold it with
calrtfness and unconcern ? Can we with equanim-
ity look upon the consummation of a policy which
threatens us with every evil that the imagination
can conceive? And can we see all that we love,
in danger of desecration and destruction, at orce
without feeling, and without expostulation ? We
were more, or less than human, if we did not evince
'the deepest interest upon this subject. And, sir,
I have sat long enough in this Hall to estimate^, at
its just value, ail the philanthropy which we behold
within its walls. I have learned to know that the
pretended hatred of slavery is of the same charac-
ter as ihat which Macaulay, in his late admirable
history, attributes to the Puritans for bear-baiting:
it was not, he says, "because it hurt the bearf but
because it pleased the spectatorsSir, slavery is not
disliked because it mjuies the black man, but be-
cause it is presumed to be of some ease or profit
to the white.
But the gentleman from Massachusetts, the suc-
cessor of the late venerable Mr. Adams, [Mr.
j Mann,] has advanced a proposition, in a speech
| which he delivered a few days since, which, to say
the least of it, is somewhat extraordinary. That
gentleman is leported to have said that—
(< According to his view of the constitutionality of slavery
iri the District of Columbia, thi* institution did notex^t here
by positive law, hut by the force of precedent and example,
lie proceeded to show that {slavery could not exist hut by
poMiive law. When tiie junsdiction over ,-lavery and slaves
had ceased to exis-t, it was- the same as though'the residence
of the «lavos had been changed to another juusdiction. It
was sufficient foi the fieedom of the slave it he pafts out of a
jmisdiction where slavery had been c.^abhshed, into a juiis-
diction which never had shivery, and never £ould establish
it. This was piecisely the case with slavery in the District
of Columbia. It was "the same as though this District, with
all its inhabitants, had been ceded to l'enusvlvaniaor Massa-
chusetts."
That is, that the establishment of the seat of
Government here, at once liberated all the slaves.
Sir, I scarcely think that gentleman, whom I know
for a lawyer of great reputation and ability, could
have examined the act of cession with his accus-
tomed accuracy.
The act of Congress, of the Kith July, 1790,
declares that—•
" The operation of the laws of Maryland within the Dis-
trict of Columbia -*hall not be affected b> the acceptance hy
the United State* of the ^a:d District for the permanent <cat
ot Government of the United States, until the tune fixed for
the removal of the s at of Government to the {-aid Di?tnct,
and until Congress shall otherwise by law provide."
And the act of the Legislature of Maryland, of
the 19th December, 1791, which is the act of ces-
sion, expressly provides that—
" The jurisdiction of the laws of this State over the per-
sons and property of individuals residing within the limits of
the cession aforesaid, (the county of Washington, m the
Dottier of Columbia,) shall not cea^e or delerimiM until
Consrte-s shall by Ja^v provide for the government thereof
under their jurisdiction, in mamiei piovided by the eighth
section of the luet attttle of the Coi^tuutioii of the Gov-
ernment ol the United State*."
In further pursuance of these provisions, Con-
