1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
245
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Governments for the New Territories—Mr. Morehead.
Ho. of Reps.
more tightly. Those who desire the perpetuation
of slavery where it now exists, should be most
thankful to them. Does any one suppose, can
any one who has ever lived in the South fo.r one
moment believe, that thefr efforts have had, or can
have, the least possible effect, either in ameliora-
ting the condition of the slave, orin bringing about
a feeling in favor of his manumission.' My own
State borders, for seven hundred miles, upon free
States. If' there is a State in this Union where the
effect of such agitation would be most and soonest
felt, it is in Kentucky. We are annoyed by those
who come among us and decoy and entice away
our slaves; and the facility of escape is so great
that a recapture is a rare occurrence. Notwith-
^ standing these things, instead of this agitation
having the effect of either ameliorating the condi-
tion of the slave or of producing a feeling in .favor
of emancipation there, I speak what I know when
I say, that it has most materially operated the other
way. Twenty years ago there was a strong feeling
in Kentucky in favor of some system of gradual
emancipation. Now, it cannot be disguised that
the spirit of abolition has produced the reaction
that might have been expected. The present
Legislature has declared, by a unanimous vote,
that it is opposed to any and every system of
■emancipation; and the law by which the importa-
tion of slaves into that State was prohibited effect-
ually, has been, or will be, so repealed or modi-
fied as to admit them. To those gentlemen, then,
who are sincere in all that they say respecting the
horrors of slavery, I tell them that the responsi-
bility for its continuance is, in a great degree, upon
their shoulders, and that the people of the South
never can or will believe that they are actuated by
motives of philanthropy, when language is used
calculated to exasperate those who alone can bring
about the result which they profess to desire. To
my southern friends I say, that we have nothing
to fear from this agitation. Let them go on in
their mad career. Error of opinion may be toler-
ated as long as reason is left free to combat it. Our
rights are based cm a foundation too solid to be
affected by any efforts of this character. The
Constitution throws its protecting aegis around us,
and the checks and balances which it has wisely
provided constitute our surest guarantee, our best
r safeguard. If a domineering majority of this
House, under the influence of what would be
political insanity, should pass a bill in violation
of the Constitution,'affecting our rights on this
subject, we have the conservative spirit of the
Senate, a body representing the sovereignty of the
States, upon which we can rely. If, howfever, that
body should yield to what might become a tempo-
rary popular clamor, the President may arrest the
evil by the tribumtian power of his qualified veto.
If all these should fail, and such a bill should be
passed into the form of a law, we have that
ultimate and last appeal provided by the Consti-
tution—the Supreme Court of the United States
—whose decisions have done so much to place
constitutional rights upon an enduring basis. Al-
ready have we seen that august tribunal, elevated far
above the party passions and sectional jealousies
of the day, deciding that the slave trade between
the States is not embraced by that clause of the
Constitution which gives to Congress the power
to regulate commerce between the States. It is
authoritatively settled that this subject belongs ex-
clusively to the States where this peculiar institu-
tion (as it has so often been termed) exists; and,
in the construction thus given, I doubt not that all
good men of every section will most cheerfully
acquiesce. In the celebrated case of Prigg vs. the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, we find judges
from the North and from the South alike declaring
that a particular provision of the Constitution was
inserted for the express and avowed purpose—to
use the language of Judge Story—" to secure the
citizens of the slaveholdmg States the complete right
and title of ownership in their slaves as property."
Such was the language of a northern but national
man; such the decision of the highest judicial tri-
bunal known to this Republic. What care I, then,
for the declamation of gentlemen on this floor, that
slaves are persons by the Constitution, and that
tlie right of property in them cannot exist? As
much°as I may respect them personally, 1 prefer
the solemn and deliberate opinion of such a tribu-
nal as that of the Supreme Court to any hasty or
ill-considered opinion to the contrary. But, con-
sidering the question as they put it, that slaves are
persons, they are persons held to labor, in the language
of the Constitution; and all the rights growing out
of the relation thus recognized are secured by con-
stitutional sanction, and those rights before the
adoption of the Constitution, and ever since, have
been considered and treated as property to all in-
tents and purposes. In the State of Maryland, to
which this District, as it nowexists, once belonged,
these rights existed, at the period of cession, to the
fullest extent.
When the seat of Government was established
here, slaves were held as property. The proprie-
torship in them never was doubted nor denied by
any one. All the lights attached to this species of
property were recognized and enforced by all the
judicial tribunals of the land. But, while virtually
acknowledging all this, the learned "and eloquent
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Mann,] on
yesterday evening, advanced the doctrine that the
act of cession by the State of Maryland to the
United States of itself abrogated all these rights;
that it m no respect differed, so far as its effect
upon slavery was concerned, from the case of a
cession by Maryland to Pennsylvania, where sla-
very is piohibited; and that the amendment of the
Constitution, which declares that no man shall be
deprived of his life, liberty, or property, without
due process of law, secured freedom to the slave
in this District. These positions are as novel as
they are utterly fallacious. I might satisfy myself
with the contemporaneous construction given to
the Constitution by all those who took part in its
formation, and by the uniform recognition by the
Supreme Court of the legitimacy of slavery here,
m every case where it has either directly or inci-
dentally been brought in question. But, as a mere
abstract proposition, it is as false in theory as it
has been untrue in practice.. The Federal Consti-
tution neither made nor abolished any rights on
this subject. It incorporated a provision for their
better security, and created a legal obligation for the
attainment of that which under the Confederation
depended solely upon the comity of the several
States. The Constitution^contemplated a cession
ten miles square for a seat of Government. All
the rights of property of every description were
left untouched. According to this new theory, the
same consequences would follow from the cession
by any State, within its own borders, of any place
for the erection of forts, magazines, dock-yards,
and other needful buildings. Exclusive legisla-
tion, in all cases whatsoever, is granted by the
Constitution, not only over the ten miles square,
but also over all such places. ^This grant of ex-
clusive legislation, however, was given subject to
all the restrictions imposed upon the general legis-
lative power of Congress. By exclusive legisla-
tion is not meant unlimited and unrestricted legis-
lation. All 'the restrictions upon the power of
Congress are national in their character. They
are restrictions upon the whole legislative power
of the Union, and apply wherever that legislation
can extend. Among these restrictions we find one,
that no ex post facto law shall be passed. To illus-
trate my position, let me ask if that constitutional
restriction is to be limited to the States? Or, in
other words, can Congress, under the grant of ex-
clusive legislation over this District, pass an ex post
facto law which shall be applicable here and no-
wheie else? Can it pass a law suspending the
.writ of habeas corpus, except in cases of rebellion
or actual invasion' Can it give a preference to
I the ports of this District over the ports of the
| States? Can it require vessels to enter, clear, or
' pay duties here, bound from one State to another?
| Can it abridge the freedom of speech, or of the
'■ press, in this District? Can it pass a law respect-
ing the establishment of religion, or prohibit the
free exercise thereof? Can it establish an order of
I nobility here? Can it abolish the right of trial by
j jury, or put twice in jeopardy the life or limb of
: any man in this District? Can it disregard any of
these, restrictions in the exercise of its legislative
I power over this District? If none of these things
| can be done, then I would take the very clause of
I the Constitution containing the restriction to which
! the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Mann]
i referred, " that no man shall be deprived of his
life, liberty, or properly, without due course of
law," and draw a conclusion the very opposite of
that to which he has brought his mind. Assuming
as established what has never been doubted by
any judicial tribunal, that slaves are property, or,
if you please, that there is % right of property-
growing out of the relation between those persons
held to labor and the persons who thus hold them,
I ask, how can you deprive the citizens of this
District of their rights in such property, without
due process of law? How can you take private
property, except for public use, upon just compen-
sation matje? If Congress has no power to take
the personal effects, the goods, wares," and mer-
chandise of a citizen of this District, except under
the before recited restriction for public'use, slave
property must come within the same restrictive
clause. Private property may undoubtedly be
taken, but it must be taken according to constitu-
tional restriction; and no principle is better estab-
lished than that a just compensation must first be
provided. Whether a law destroying the relation
between the two races, and abolishing that as
property which is now such, is taking property
for public use, can scarcely need an argument
before such an assembly as this. The public can-
not use property taken for that purpose, when the
very act of taking destroys its character of prop-
erty.
Without attempting to enlarge upon this subject,
which the time limited by the rules will not allow,
and entertaining a deep conviction that Congress
has no power to abolish slavery m this District
without the consent of the" owners, I have regretted
its introduction, as calculated to exert an unhappy
influence upon the question of our territoiial gov-
ernments; a question we are bound to meet; one
of paramount importance, and certainly surround-
ed by sufficient intrinsic -difficulties of its own
without the perplexity of kindred questions in-
volving the elements of discord.
In relation to these territorial governments, I
listened with great pleasure the other day to the
gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr. Wilson,]
who I am happy to see in his seat. In common
with others, 1 felt and could but admire his fervid
eloquence; and while I accord to him all that it
can extort from me in commendation, yet, believ-
ing that the deductions drawn from historical facts
are alike unjust to the South and to the North, I
desire briefly to call the attention of the committee
to them. In his review of our territorial acquisi-
tions, he has attributed them all, beginning with
Louisiana, and including Florida, Texas, New
1 Mexico, and California, to the silent but pervading
j and energetic influence of slavery, which he repre-
j sented as the great focal point around which every
interest of this nation had been made to revolve.
In vindication of the truth of history, I deny the
existence of any such influence, or that our acqui-
sitions of territory are properly attributable to any
such cause. I admit that the tieaty by which our
independence was acknowledged circumscribed us
within comparatively narrow limits. Our southern
boundary extended only to the parallel of 31°, and
our western limits, according to our own claim,
only to the Mississippi river. Spain, then a pow-
erful nation, contended that we should be limited
on the west by the Alleghany Mountains, and the
navigation of the Mississippi river was closed
against us. Who is there that knows anything of
the history of the western country, and particularly
of Kentucky, can be ignorant of the deep feeling of
dissatisfaction resulting from the denial of the navi-
gationof that great river? This dissatisfaction, at
one period, extended so far as to inspire hopes in
the Government of Spain of annexing what was
then the far West of this country to her own
American dominions. Intrigues were commenced
by the Governor of Louisiana, and secret emissa-
ries sent out to make alluring promises to bring-
about the much-desued event. It was in allusion
to this state of things that the Father of his Coun-
try, in speaking of the importance to the West
"of an indissoluble community of interest as one
' nation for the secure enjoyment of indispensable
'outlets for its own productions," remarks, tjiat
" any other tenure by which the West can hold
1 this essential advantage, whether derived from
' its own separate strength or from an jyiostate and
'unnatural connection with any foreign Power,
1 must be intrinsically precaiious." The great
desideratum of the West was the navigation of the
Mississippi, and the General Government earnest-
