APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 24,
30th C.ong 2d Sess.
Governments for the New Territories—Mr. Morehead.
Ho. of Reps.
Iy endeavored to secure it. As early as 1790, Mr.
Carmichael, our minister to Spain, was instructed
to offer a perpetual guarantee to that nation of all
the country lying on the west of the Mississippi,
in order to procure its free navigation; and in
looking over those instructions, it is remarkable to
find that.he was directed to insist that conquest
wa3 not in accordance with our principles, and
inconsistent with our Government, and that it
was not our interest to cross the Mississippi for
ages. ;
The object was not effected; and on the 1st of
October, 1800, by the secret treaty of St. Itdefonso,
France purchased Louisiana from Spain. This
■was first disclosed by the treaty of Amiens." When
it became known that Napoleon, then at the sum-
mit of h'is gigantic power, was bending his ener-
gies to build up, upon the American continent, an
antagonist power in the south to that of Great
Britain in the north, the Government of this
country became alarmed, and our ministers at
Paris were then instructed to procure, if possible,
by purchase from France, all the territory, inclu-
ding New Orleans, lying east of the Mississippi,
•with a guarantee for alL west of that stream, and
leaving the navigation coramori to both. This
was all that was asked by Mr. Jefferson, all that
he instructed our ministers to procure. Hi wished
to extend our boundary from the 31st paiallel of
latitude to the Gulf of Mexico, and to give to the
great valley east of the Mississippi the free navi-
gation of that-river. Upon the abrupt termination
of the treaty of Amiens, Napoleon saw there was
great danger of Louisiana being wrested from him
by the overwhelming maritime power of Great
Britain, and he answered the proposition of our'
ministers to purchase to the Mississippi river by
offering to sell the whole. It was thus that Lou-
isiana was purchased, if not in violation, in the
absence of instructions from this Government, and
most certainly without any reference to the ques-
tion of slavery, wholly unconnected with the de-
sire for its extension, and uninfluenced by that
aggrandizing spirit to which the gentleman from
New Hampshire alluded.
It is alike due to truth and to justice, as well as
to the memory of the illustrious man under whose
auspices that great and, as now acknowledged on
all hands, indispensable" acquisition was made, to
say that he was circumscribed by no narrow or
sectional views, or influenced by any wish to give
an undue preponderance to one section of this
Union over another. No, sir, my friend from New
Hampshire is mistaken. No wish of mere sec-
tional aggrandizement influenced the Administra-
tion or people of that day, in desiring the acquisi-
tion of Louisiana. It claimed its support npon the
high ground of national expediency and necessity,
and in which, from a community of interests be-
tween all sections, the whole country was deeply
and vitally interested.
But if there has been for more than fifty years a
fixed purpose, as the gentleman supposes, to give
a greater relative political importance to the South
than to the North, by the acquisition of territory
to extend slavery, if we examine for a moment the
division of these acquisitions between the two sec-
tions, it will be seen that this object has not been
attained. I have a map before me, made by au- I
thority, and which I presume has been sent to each \
member, exhibiting the areas of the several States
and Territories of the United States in square miles '
and acres, frpm which it appears, that at the period i
of our separation from the mother country, the 1
States of the original thirteen which now tolerate ;
slavery claimed and owned, speaking in round 1
numbers, 647,000 square miles; while, at the same I
time,, those not now tolerating slavery held 164,000
square miles. Such was the vast disproportion in i1
the ownership ot the soil between the two sections '
at that time. Then it was that Virginia, with a I
munificent liberality, and with a spirit similar to ii
that which characterized on yesterday her worthy l:
son, [Mr. McDowell,] dedicated to free States j!
her#vast northwestern domain, including now the I
States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, Wis- |
consin, and a part of the Territory of Minesota, I'
and containing, in round numbers, 262,000 square ij
miles. This cession had the effect of nearly equal- I1
izmg the territorial strength of the slave and the |i
tree states, giving, however, a preponderance to |l
tile latter m the ratio of 426 to 385. j |
In the acquisition of Louisiana we obtained one
million one hundred" and thirty-eight thousand
square miles. It was a slaveholding province when
acquired^ But when Missouri, although a part of
that province, claimed to be admitted into the-
Union as a State, with a constitution tolerating
slavery, no one is ignorant of the struggle which
ensued, and which convulsed this Union to its
center. A compromise was then the result, and I
have listened with much interest to the allusion
made to the author of this compromise, and to the
question raised as to the"* part taken in it by Mr.
Clay. I have not examined the record on this
subject, nor have I deemed it important or mate-
rial to do so. It may be, and probably is true, ;;
that Mr. Thomas, of Illinois, ofier d the compro- J,
mise line of 36° 30', and that Mr. Clay submitted
the second cq^npromise in relation to the exclusion j[
of free negroes. However this may be, all con- jj
temporaneous history must be untrue, and the >;
living witnesses of every party utterly deceived, ji
if, under the inspiration of that lofty patriotism
which has characterized his whole life, and with
that devotion to his country, his whole and entire
country, which has marked his long and brilliant
career, he did not do more than all others in allay-
ing the troubled and tumultuous waves of faction
which then threatened the disruption of all the ties
which held us together as a nation. But in set-
tling that agitating and alarming question,-let me
ask gentlemen if it can be supposed that he could
have been looking to the aggrandizement of the
slave power, as it is termed ? Could such a con-
sideration have had any influence with one who,
in early life, had stood up in his own State against
the power and influence of wealth and talents in
favor of some system of gradual emancipation?—
whose whole life has been dedicated to the -cause
of rational liberty, and the defence of constitutional
rights? No, sir, no. No such influence governed
his conduct. No motives akin to these pervaded
his bosom. He acted solely with reference to the
welfare, the prosperity, and the happiness of the
whole country. Had he acted with an eye to a
fair division of territory merely, between the two
sections of tl>e country, the result would have been
a signal failure. By that compromise the South
obtained 226,000 square miles of territory only,
while the North acquired 912,000 square miles.
Sir, there is just as little reason to attribute the
acquisition of Florida to the influence of any such
spirit. Who negotiated the treaty by which that
territory was obtained? Does the gentleman from
New Hampshire intend to attribute the exercise of
any such influence to that great and good man
(Mr. J. d. Adams) who lately sat in our midst?
Does he beheve that Mr. Adams, who so often ji
j manifested in this Hall his repugnance to slaveiy, ji
' in every mode by which his opposition to it could ij
be displayed, was influenced by any desire of a j
sectional aggrandizementof the slaveholding States ? j ■
He surely cannot believe that. I do not beheve that i
Mr. Adams looked either to the advantage of the !
North or the aggrandizement of the South in the
negotiation of that treaty, but viewed the measure
as necessary to our common safety and general
security.
If by that treaty we obtained our best title to
Pennsylvania, with Indiana, Illinois, and Michi-
gan, stood side by side with New York.
Mr. MEADE interposed here, and Mr. More-
head giving way, he s4id: I beg to remind the
gentleman from Kentucky of another historical
fact. The first attempt to acquire Texas was made
by a northern President. Mr. Adams, in 1826,
instructed our Minister to Mexico at that time,
.Mr. Poinsett, to offer one million of dollars for the
purchase of Texas to the Rio Grande, or five hun-
dred thousand dollars to the Nueces. Slavery then
existed there.
Mr. MOREHEAD resumed. I thank the gen-
tleman for reminding me of this well-known fact.
In the negotiation of'the Florida treaty, it is known
that Mr. Adams desired to letain Texas, if pos-
sible; and when he was made President, as stated
by the gentleman from "Virginia, he offered to pur-
chase it fiom Mexico. The offer made by him
: was renewed under the administration of his suc-
I eessor, General Jackson. I admit that it was not
because the. country was not deemed desirable,
| that we, in Kentucky, opposed its annexation,
i We were against it under the peculiar relations
then existing between it and Mexico, because we
feared it would lead to the very state of things
which we have all witnessed. We believed that
it would result in war, and lead to the angry dis-
cussion of those exciting questions which are now
agitating and convulsing the Union from one end
to the other. Jt was upon high considerations of
public policy and political expediency, that we op-
posed the annexation. While we were thus influ-
enced by what we believed to be principle, there
were politicians in the North, the avowed and pro-
fessed opponents of slavery—aye, sir, men who
have since become the exponents of free-soil doc-
trine, even Mr. Van Buren himself—who stood
forth and sustained and elected the man upon
whose elevation the issue of the annexation of
Texas depended.
The annexation of Texas being accomplished,
those who opposed it in the South acquiesced, in
that spirit of obedience to the will of a constitu-
tional majority, which is a cardinal principle of
free government. The compromise line of 36° 30'
had divided the country between the North and
and the South. Both sections of the country
claimed an interest there, and both aided in ma-
king her one of the States of this Confederacy
through the sovereign will of the nation. From
that moment I have felt that she was part and par-
cel of ourselves; and the ardent wish of my heart
was then, as it is now, that the light "of her lone
star" might never pale, and that, amid all the trials
and troubles incident to our.career as a nation, she
might be found, where we have already found her,
on the side of the Constitution and the Union.
We now, sir, have New Mexico and California,
thus adding to our national domain about 526,000
square miles. If the whole of these countries shall
exclude slavery, as in all human probability would
be done if left to the natural course of things, then
the free States of the North will have upwards of
two millions of square miles of territory, and the
South, including all of Texas, only nine hundred
and thirty-six thousand square miles. I have not,
sir, made these statements in any spirit of com-
the Territory of Oregon, by it the slaveholding , plaint whatever, or for any other purpose than
States acquired 59,000 square miles, and the free ji that of merely correcting impressions, doubtless
States gained 341,000 square miles. ^ !| honestly entertained, that the slave power, as gen-
But, sir, the acquisition of Texas was particu- ;j tlemen please to rail it, has accomplished these
larly examined by thegentleman from NewHamp-(j acquisitions for its own political aggrandizement.
Taking in all these acquisitions, from the first to
the last, we have a national domain of which the
heart of the patriot may justly be proud; a country
extending from the inland seas of the north to the
Gulf of Mexico on the south, and from the Atlan-
tic to the Pacific Ocean, embracing within its great
shire, and its history minutely canvassed ; and 1
that, too, was attributed by him to the all-control- j
ling spirit of slavery. I would like to ask the j
gentleman, who admitted Texas into the Union? !
When a treaty for that purpose was made and
submitted to the Senate, instead of a concurrence J tummon.- wmim
of two-thirds of that body, as required by the i; area every variety of climate and soil, mardiing
Constitution for its ratification,'It was rejected by forward with the fearless steps of a young giant
a vote of two-thirds against it. An issue was made ; in the career of prosperity and power; increasing
on that subject before-the American people in the i; in population with unparalleled rapidity, with a
Presidential election, which soon afterwards en- ;; rapidity which, if unchecked by opposing ele-
sued. The gentleman comes from New Hamp- , ments, in a century from this time—which in the
shire, and I tell him that Texas was admitted by ! eyes of Providence and in the history of a nation
the act of his own State, while Kentucky and , ja but a day—will give us a populat.on of three
Noith Carolina and Tennessee and Maryland and ; hundred millions of souls; a country which, from
Delaware stood up against it The admission of , the.'force of circumstances, and I might add, "its
Texas was insisted on by a large portion of the ; mevitable destiny," must seek within its own
fijfe"* Hampshire stood foremost in the || borders a workshop for its materials, and a mart
0 . I he Empire State came to the rescue; and [| for its vast surplus productions.
