1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
249
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Treaty/of Peace with Mexico—Mr. Putnam.
Ho. of Reps.
Not, certainly, of ancient and traditionary depend-
ence; for New Mexico never was a part of Texas,
nor in any way dependent upon it. Not on the
ground of transfer, by stipulation; for Texas has
made no treaty on the subject, and our annexing
joint resolutions expressly leave every question of
her boundaries subject to adjustment by this Gov-
ernment alone. There is no shadow of foundation
for this claim of Texas but the claim itself—a mere
paper declaration, never enforced down to this day.
Still Texas insists on subjugating and ruling
New Mexico ; and this amendment proposes to
declare the question an open one, and submit it to
the arbitration of the Supreme Court. Submit
what ? Where are the data on which the Supreme
Court is to act? Who are the parties? What is
the law of the case? What considerations shall
govern the decision?
Mr. Chairman, there is one consideration which
the Supreme Court could not give weight to, but
which we are bound to weigh well. It is that of
the will of the people of New Mexico. If we are
to arbitrate this question at all, I insist that they
be the jjmpires. Let them determine whether to
be an independent free Territory, or become part
of the slaveholding State of Texas. Submit the
question fairly to them, and I agree to abide their
decision. But to authurizefive slaveholders (form-
ing a majority of our Supreme Court) to decide
this momentous question on grounds and under
rules which silence entirely the voice of the people
of New Mexico, is what I can never agree to.
It is not an hour since gentlemen on the other
side were most vociferous for letting the people of
California govern themselves—letting them decide
whether they should legalize slavery or otherwise.
I call upon them to stand by that principle now.
I plead for the right of the people of New Mexico
to be governed in accordance with their own well
understood demands and entreaties. You know
well how they have resisted and still abhor the
dominion of Texas. Their unanimous entreaty
for protection against it is now before Congress.
Their danger is imminent—our aid must be prompt
or it will be too late to avail. I implore this House
to perform its whole duty promptly in the prem-
isei#and not seek to shuffle off the responsibility
upon the Executive or the Supreme Court. Pass
the bill before us as it stands; if Texas has con-
stitutional rights here, it will not invalidate them.
Let her bring her action in the Supreme Court, if
she chooses—no action of ours can be essential to
. that—but let us do all in our power to shield the
New Mexican people from her detested dominion.
TREATY OF PEACE WITH MEXICO.
SPEECH OF MR. H. PUTNAM,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
February 23, 1849,
On the Treaty with Mexico.
The House being in Committee of the Whole oil the state
of the Union-
Mr. PUTMAN addressed the Chair as follows:
Mr. Chairman: The condition of the House,
under the influence of the speech just closed by the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. McDowell,] is
anything1 else but favorable for any member at this
time to take the floor. Its power over the mind
was marked upon every countenance. The hour
rule was forgotten and suspended until the close ot
his remarks. This indulgence was due to him for
the pure and lofty sentiments of his speech touch-
ing the Constitution of the country. His appeals
to sustain its compromises should meet the approval
of every man. Those compromises are above all
price. They were the result -and offspring of a
hard contest for liberty. The fathers of the coun-
try knew their value, and it becomes their children
sacredly to respect them. History furnishes most
positive evidence that the extension of slave terri-
tory was never anticipated under the Constitution.
The spirit of freedom, seen at that early day, in
every movement of the country, the constitutional
provision in restraint of the slave trade, the ordi-
nance of 1787, and the debates on the Constitution
upon the question of its adoption, all furnish most
decisive evidence that the sentime^t of the country
was opposed to slavery. The same spirit of phi-
lanthropy, with reference to slavery, has con-
tinued its onward march without hindrance, save
only as it has been cheeked by avarice and desire
for worldly gain. When the people.of this coun-
try resolved that the colonies ought to be free and
independent States, they declared that liberty was
the inalienable right of man.
But, sir, I am trenching upon "time I had de-
signed for another object. My purpose was not
to speak about slavery, but upon another subject
of no small importance, having respect to our in-
terests, honor, and integrity, as affected by our
conduct towards foreign nations. 1 will, however,
refer for a moment to slavery, with respect to the
District of Columbia. This District belongs to
the nation—to the North as well as the South—and
is governed by its laws. Here are located the
Executive, the Legislative, and Judicial depart-
ments of the Government. If any spot on earth
should be free from the slav.ery of our fellow-man,
this should; yet the soil is desecrated by the plague
of the institution, and made the mart for the sale
of human flesh. Every effort for its abolition has
thus far been defeated. The action in the House,
recently, furnished a lay of hope that a change
was about to take place; but even that has been
driven away by the opposition of the slave inter-
est. A bill was reported to abolish the slave trade
in the District. The people, through the munici-
pal authorities of the city, prayed for its passage;
but in vain. It lies upon the table, and under the
rules of the House, and influence of membeis, will
be forced to remain there. One thing, Mr. Chair-
man, is certain, that slavery here must be abol-
ished in all its forms, or the capital of the nation
will be removed to some other location.
An important question has recently arisen touch-
ing our treaty relations with Mexico. War ex-
isted for more than two years between the two
Governments, commenced by the Administration,
and, I need not say what is true, commenced with-
out aiiy justifiable cause. The country became
tired of its pmsecution,and desired the restoration
of peace. Not a peace made under such circum-
stances as would disgrace us in the eyes of the
world, or humble us in our own national feelings;
but a peace under a treaty fully understood, hav-
ing no fraudulent existence, but honorable and just
in all its conclusions. A commissioner had been
appointed to negotiate, yet Mexico, though her
country was overrun by our armies, and the strong
citadels of her power had fallen before an invading
enemy, was too proud to submit to terms other
than those of her own choice. The commissioner
was recalled and divested of his authority to nego-
tiate, yet he was not to be driven from the purpose
of his mission. He still held on, and, acting under
assumed authority, continued his negotiations,
until, at last, it was announced, to the surprise of
all, that the recalled agent had concluded a treaty
with Mexico. The President accepted the anom-
alous instrument; and so disgraceful a one, in some
of its stipulations, no conqueror ever accepted from
a fallen enemy than was received through this
self-constituted officer of the. Government, it was
presented to the Senate for their consideration.
Instead of this, it should have been rejected; and,
as Mexico manifested some willingness to treat
with us, commissioners, with powers usual and
necessary for such purposes, should have been
sent out, and if successful, return a treaty made
under the sanction of official authority, and one
the nation could receive without humiliation.
After much debate and time spent by the Senate
in amending its provisions, commissioners were
appointed to return it to Mexico for ratification.
It was again returned to our Government, and by
the Executive published to the country. A strange
state of things is now presented to the nation. By
some it is believed we have no treaty with Mex-
ico; or, if we have,,that it has been obtained by
■ fraud and misrepresentation. On the other hand,
this position is met, not by a denial of the facts
I upon which the assertion is based—for they are
fully admitted—but by an effort to avoid any pre-
' judicial results, on the ground, as is claimed, that
] the instrument returned with the treaty is not ma-
i terial, and does not change its provisions.
i The instrument was returned with the treaty as
; 1 though it was a proper and necessary appendage
I [ to it. It was filed away among the archives of
|j the nation, and there might have remained as an
unknown thing, until waked up from its slumber
by the demands of Mexico, were it notjor an ac-
cidental circumstance which called it forth, and led
to its publication. The published treaty was the
same in every particular as the one approved,by
the Senate. No one suspected that any change or
addition whatever had been made to it. It how-
ever now turns out that, before the exchange of
the treaty, and before it had been ratified by all
the departments of the Mexican Government, as
required by her constitution, an additional instru-
ment, touching and most essentially differing from
the terms of the treaty, called a protocol, was ex-
ecuted by our commissioners jointly with the .
Mexican minister.
Its execution was demanded by Mexico as a
condition precedent to the final ratification of the
treaty. Whether the protocol was understood as
forming a part of the treaty or not, if found' to
differ from it, I apprehend it can make but little
difference as to its effect upon our Government;
for there can be no doubt it was accepted and un-
derstood as an exposition of what the treaty was,
and equivalent, therefore, to an agreement that the
amendment of the Senate did not change the stipu-
lations or character of the original treaty. Nor
can I conceive it would affect us leas seriously, if
the transaction was designed to deceive the Govern-
ment of Mexico as to the import and true construc-
tion of the treaty, unless by the laws of nations
moral principles and integrity of action may be
laid aside in negotiating a treaty; or unless it is
conceded that a suppression of the truth or the
suggestion of a falsehood maj^ be tolerated on
such an occasion. Such a concession as to the
rule of conduct in international transactions, I
apprehend, would find but little favor among the
civilized nations of the world. That the Govern-
ment of Mexico placed confidence in what was
declared in the protocol, no one can doubt. True,
she had considered every step taken by our Gov-
ernment against her as an aggression upon her
rights, and unjustifiable on our part. But when
we tendered to her the olive branch of peace, she
had every reason to trust in our integrity, and free
herself from every suspicion of intended fraud. A
contrary course would be an imputation upon us
unworthy of her as a nation, and 1 would hope
unmerited by us. With such views towards us
she no doubt entered upon the final consummation
of the treaty arrangements.
That the protocol is virtually an agreement, and
therefore is a part and parcel of the treaty, it seems
to me that no impartial mind can doubt. It is ex-
ecuted by the diplomatic representatives of the two '
nations—the one pftrty making certain representa-
tions as an. inducement to iis execution, and the
other accepting it as defining the meaning and
terms of the several amendments. It therefore has
all the necessary ingredients of a contract, binding
and obligatory upon the parties. It declares that
" it was agreed, after adequate conversation respect-
' ing the changes alluded to, to record in the pres-
' ent protocol the following explanations, which
' their aforesaid excellencies the commissioners
' gave in the name of their Government, and in ful-
' fillmentof their commission conferred upon them
'near the Mexican Republic." So objectionable
to the Mexican minister were our Senate's amend-
ments, and so vitally important did he deem the
statements of our commissioners in virtually re-
storing the original articles, that, he required the
same should be reduced to writing. Is it to be
supposed that the commissioners would draw it
up with all the care and piecision with which it
was done, and done, too, for and "in the name of
their Government," without intending to give it a
consequence beyond a mere conversational import-
ance? .
The Mexican minister required of them a step
beyond mere " diplomatic notes," and even suck
they were advised to avoid, " unless in case oj ne-
cessity." His demand was obeyed. The ciise of
" necessity" came. They found the Mexicans still
proud in spirit and unyielding op every point of
the original treaty, though their flags were trailing
in the dust. The Administration was standing
just upon the heel,of their political existence, with
a war hanging over their heads growing more and
more unpopular*every day. To protect therefore
the succession, their "necessity" became the op-
portunity .of Mexico, and enabled her to dictate
