£50
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 23,
30th Cons 2d Sess.
Treaty of Peace with Mexico—Mr. Putnam.
Ho. of Reps.
her own terms, and the Administration yielded to
the demand.
Sir, having said thus much preliminarily, I will
proceed to examine the original treaty, ana the ac-
tion of the" Senate in connecttoh with the protocol.
1 It will be noticed that the conference between
our commissioners and the Mexican minister, the
rfeult of which was the drawing up and execution
Of the protocol, was on the 26th day of May, 1848,
foui- days previous to the exchange of the treaty.
By the 8th article, the Mexicans residing in the
territory ceded to us were permitted to remain, or
at any time remove to the Mexican Republic, re-
' tainmg their property or dispose of it, and take the-
avails wherever they pleased free of any tax or
Charge whatever. Those who remained were per-
mitted to retain the title arid rights of Mexican
citizens, or acquire those of citizens of the United
States. As to which, they were required to make
their election in one year from the exchange of
ratifications of the treaty; and those who remained
afier that period, without having made such elec-
tion, were to be held as citizens of the United
States.
The original ninth article, therefore, proceeded
to declare the rights of those who should thus re-
nounce the character of Mexican citizens, and to
require of our Government their establishment "as
soon as possible,'" according to the Constitution, to
the enjoyment of the rights of citizens of the Uni-
ted Slates by an incorporation into the Union; and,
in the mean time, they were to be protected in the
enjoyment of their liberty and their civil rights
according to the Mexican laws. This provision
manifested a paternal care over her people, about
to be separated from her government, commend-
able in the highest degree; but Mexico had no
right to insist that her population, with all their
reputed ignorance and unfitness for self-govern-
ment, should, "as soon as possible, (a tune de-
manding i mmediate action,) be formed into a State.''
A territorial tutelage under the ordinary territorial
government might be deemed much better for the
people. As to the time when the territory should
be admitted as a State, the Senate amended the
article, so as to read, " and be admitted at the
proper time, to be judged of by the Congress of the
United States." This" amendment was offered by
Colonel Davis, an able and experienced officer in
Mexico, than whom, perhaps, no man better un-
derstood the character and fitness of their people
for self-government. The amendment should meet
the approval of every man. The great body of
the Mexican people in the ceded territory must be
as ignorant of the principles of our institutions,
and, perhaps, as ill prepaied to take upon them-
selves the framing of laws arid of their admmistia-
tion, in the departments of a State government, as
the inhabitants of any other portion of the world.
The Senate, therefore, acted wisely in abrogating
the clause referred to, and adopting another,giving
to Congress the right to determine the time when
a State might be formed. The policy in this
movement of Mexico, in one particular, must be
apparent to all. it' organized into a State govern-
ment immediately, her people, possessing ail the
prejudice and national feelings of Mexicans, would
mould such a form of State government as would
accord, as far as possible, with all the various gov-
ernmental institutions of Mexico, and particularly
those of an ecclesiastical character. We see, there-
fore, as between the original article and the Sen-
ate's amendment, there is a positive and radical
difference with lespect to the time of organizing a
State government.
in this connection I will refer to that part of the
protocol which has reference to the point under
consideration. The following is a copy: I
"Tile American Government, by suppressing the ninlh !
article of the treaty ol Guadalupe, and substituting the thrid ,!
article or ihe treaty of Louisiana, did not intend to dimmish j
in any way what was agieni upon by the filore^uid article !
liiruii in favor of Ihe inhabitants ol the territories ceded hy !!
Mexico." j!
It is here represented that the thud article of the 't\
treaty of Louisiana was substituted for the ninth ||
article of the treaty; and further, that "its under- !>
standing is, that all of that agreement is contained :i
in the third article of the treaty of Louisiana." jj
The following is a copy of the Louisiana article
referred to: |.
" Tile inhabitants of the ceded territory shall be incorpo- 11
ratedm the Union of the United States, and admitted, as [j
goon as possible, according to th0 principfes of the Federal i
Constitution, to the enjoym.ent of all the rights, advantages, j
and iimnumtiesof citizens of the United States; and, in the 1
mean time, they shall be maintained and protected in ,the
free enjoyment of their liberty, property, and the religion
which they profess,"
As to the time of admission into tKe States, the
languageof the ninth article, which for designation
I will .call the Trist article, is the same as the
Louisiana article. The words are, "shall be ad-
mitted as soon as possible." But this language the
Senate would not agree to, and instead thereof used
the language above quoted: "shall be admitted at
the proper time, to be judged of by the Co-ngress of
the United States." The difference in the phrase-
ology is too apparent to need comment. In one
case, the language is satisfied only by an incorpo-
ration as soon as a bill can be passed at the next
session of Congress after the ratification of the
treaty; and, in the other, the. Government is left
to do it token, and not before, it shall be the pleas-
ureof Congress to do so. Still, the commissioners
declare in the protocol that it was not intended by
the amendment to diminish in any way what was
agreed upon by the Trist article. Such a declara-
tion cannot be made, and be consistent with the
facts and the truth of the case; and still it has the
approval of the President and his Secretary. The
object was accomplished. The fears of the Mexi-
can Government were quieted.
I will pass to consider the second paragraph of
the article:
"The same most ample,guarantee shall be enjoyed by all
ecclesiastics and religious corporations or communities, as j
well m the dischatge of the offices of their ministry, as in !
the enjoyment of their property of every kind, whether in- j
dividual or corporate. Tins guarantee shall embrace all tem-
ples, houses,sand edifices dedicated to the Roman Catholic
iv<}rs>hip, a<; well as all pioperty destined to its suppoit, or to i
that of schools, ho>pitaN, and other foundations tor chanta- ,
ble or beneficent purposes. No proptity of thi« nature shall
be considered as having become the pioperty of the Ameri-
can Government, or as subject to be byitdrspoaed or diverted !
to other uses." ' |
This paragraph has respect to the future inter- I
ests of the Roman Catholic Church over the terri- j
tory ceded by the treaty. The better to understand ,
the evils that would arise by suffering such powers '
to be retained in the hands of the priesthood, to be
exercised over the people of the ceded* territory, ]
and to appreciate the reasons which governed the ■
Senate in the rejection of this article, it may be
proper to premise, that by the constitution of;
Mexico, " the religion of the Mexican nation is and \
i will be perpetually the Roman Catholic apostolic. \
1 The nation will protect it by ivise and just laics, and '
iprohibit the exercise of any other whatever.*' it is, I
then, by the supreme law of the land, made the j
national religion; is exclusive in its character, 1
and intolerant towards all other denominations of <
Christians. In no part of the habitable globe did
Catholicism ever exercise over the people more :
absolute dominion. This despotism is founded {
upon the union of Church and State. We might '
heie contrast this constitutional provision of Mex-
ico with our own, which declares that "no law
shall be made respecting an establishment of reli-
gion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof."
This is one of the great moral triumphs of this
country. Every one is permitted to worship the
Supreme Being according to the dictates of his
own conscience. The whole nation stands alike
upon this fundamental principle of our Govern-
ment—a principle that will greatly tend to the per-
petuity of the institutions of the country. 1 ven-
ture to say, that among all the influences which
have operated to produce the constant disturbance
and the repeated revolutions in Mexico, no one
has been more prolific of harm than has this con-
stitutional church establishment. It is not strange,
then, that the Senate discovered in this foreign
ecclesiastical government, proposed to be spread
over a large portion of our territory, a direct en-
croachment upon the Constitution and the*fcpirit of
our institutions. „ '
Besides this constitutional objection, large and
extensive grants of land, from time to time, had
been made by Mexico to the ecclesiastics, which is ■
held fur pious uses, and cannot be alienated—tend-
ing, as this necessarily must, to strengthen and
perpetuate exclusive church privileges over the
country. Not the least objectionable feature in
these grants is that which holds them in perpetu- ■
ity, making them inalienable, and thus reducing
the people to be mere serfs of ecclesiastical land-
holders.
Colonization grants were also made to the eccle-
siastics of extensive tracts of land. To illustrate
the object and policy of Mexico in creating such
grants, I will refer to one only, which was made
of lands in Upper California, to Eugenio Mac-
namara, a "Catholic priest and apostolical mis-
sionary," as he styles himself. He urged its im-
portance upon the President of Mexico in the
following language:
" Ft does not require the cjiftof prophecy to foresee that in
a little time this fertile country will cease to be an integral
part of this Republic, unless som« prompt and efficacious
measures be adopted to res-train foreign rap.ieity. The im-
mediate question that presents itself is, what are the speed-
iest and most sure measures of avoiding >uch a calamity?
The unanimous voice of the country responds, coloniza-
tion."
To carry this project into operation, he urged
upon the President the' following considerations.
He says:
"I propose, with the aid and approbation of your Excel-
lency, to carry forward this project, to place in Upper Cali-
fornia a colony of Iri<h Catholics. I have a triple object ni
making this proposition. I wish, in the first place, to ad-
vance the cause of Catholicism. Ip the second, to contribute
to the happiness of my countrymen. Thirdly, X desire to put
an obstacle m the way of further usurpations on the part of
an irreligious and anti-Catholic nation. I therefore propose
to your Excellency that there be conceded to me an extent
of territory, on the coast of Upper California, for the pur-
pose I have indicated."
And again he says:
"I should bring, for a beginning, one thousand families;
afterwards, should it appear well to jour Excellency, C
would establish a second colony near Monterey, and a third
at Santa Barbara. By this means, the entire cons-t (by which
most danger-is to be expected) would be completely secured
against invasions and pillages of foreigners. For each family
that I bring I will require the Kind that composes "one sitto
de ganado mayor" (a square league, containing4,428 acre?)
to be given free of all cost; likewise, that the children of
the colonists, when they marry, shah receive a half sitio
(2,214 acres) as a national gift."
And in a further article, by which he urges im-
mediate action upon his proposition, he says:
"If the means which I propose be not speedily adopted,
your Excellency may be assured that, before another jear,
the Calitormans will form a part of the American nation.
"Their Catholic institutions will become the prey of the
Methodist wolves, and the whole country will be inundated
with the cruel invaders; whilst I propose the medls of
repelling them, my propositions ought to be the more ad-
missible, inasmuch as I have no personal interest m the
affair, save the progress of the holy religion of God and the
happiness of my countrymen."
By these extracts we are forcibly reminded how
strong are the national prejudices of Mexico in
support of her government religion. It is not
strange, however, that it is so; thus she has al-
ways been educated, and a full convietion of the
truthfulness of* the doctrines of her church have
ever been enforced by a union of the civil and
ecclesiastical power. That the people, as a body,
are as sincere believers in their religion as any
other, there is in my opinion no doubt. The de-
fence of the country and the interests of the church
are the leading objects plainly to be seen in the
extracts I have given- A part of their territory
had been wrested from them by the aid of Ameri-
can citizens, and by an act of the Government
annexed to our country. Further aggressions
were anticipated, and it became therefore the set-
tfed policy to colonize the country as rapidly as
possible, to be prepared to meet any emergency
that might arise in the future.
I submit whether their worst apprehensions were
not more than realized by the'march of our armies
and the organization of a military force within her
borders. In the annexation of Texas, Mexico
| looked upon us as having laid violent hands upon
,j her rights, and was led to fear further conquests
■j upon her territory. The page of history will judge
j impartially whether their fears were not well found-
| ed and sustained by subsequent events.
! The extract above given from the treaty would
| be an ample guarantee to the ecclesiastics and their
; corporations—would protect them in the discharge
j of the offices of their ministry, and the enjoyment
I of their property of every kind destined to the
, support of the Catholic Church. Had this clause
j received the approval of our Government, the body
j of the Catholic clergy would enjoy in the ceded
j territory, both as to person and property, all the
rights, privileges, and immunities, temporal and
spiritual, as the same are enjoyed in Mexico under
the established*religion of the Roman Catholic
Church. And as the large and extensive tracts of
