359
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 23,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Treaty of Peace with Mexico—Mr. Putnam,.
Ho. of Reps.
Byway of illustratjjig the rule excusing a perform-
ance of the condition, the court instance, among
other reasons, the case of a transfer of the territory, >
the change of govergment, laws, knd the- political
relations of the country. The cession of California
and New Mexico to us affects, therefore, all grants,
the time of which, for the performance of the con-
ditions, had not expired when the cession was
made. The same rule also applies to Texas, the
existence of war .and- the revolution rendering the
performance of the conditions by the grantees im-
possible. Mexico was the cause of such failure,
as her neglect in not arresting the revolution placed
the grantees beyond the power of rendering a
compliance.
By the oiiginal treaty Mexico reserved to the
grantees a period of time for the performance of
■ the condition, but this the Senate refused. By the
protocol, however, she is assured that the title
held by the grantees under the laws of the ceded
territory should be recognized as legal titles under
the laws of the United States. Well might she
consent upon such premises to ratify the treaty,
and obtain an absolute, instead of a conditional, fee
for her grantees. I need say no more on this re-
jected article. It was evident that -Mexico con-
sidered it all-important in the first instance, and it
was in no respect diminished when the treaty was
finally ratified by her. She stood out against the
rejection, untilthe original was in effect restored
by the protocol, as she-had every reason to be-
lieve.
By,the twelfth article of the Trist treaty,, we
agreed to pay the Mexican Republic the sum of
$15,000,000. For the largest portion of it a stock
was to be created, with interest at six per cent.,
payable at the city of Washington. 'Transferable
cei tificates of such stock were to be delivered to
the Mexican Government. The Senate refuged
to create the stock, or make paper of a transfer-
able character. This was deemed important as a
guarantee for the good conduct of Mexico towards
us under her treaty stipulations. If we look back
to a former message of the President, and can
believe half he said in his bills of indictment for
offences committed by Mexico upon our country,
we cease to regard the striking out the transfer-
ability of the debt as. a strange act of the Senate.
It was a prudent' act, and one which should have
been approved of, instead of being defeated by the
Executive authorities. Had such certificates of
stock been given, we should be bound to pay a
bona fide holder, and could not avoid it. It would
be in vain to plead that Mexico had violated the
treaty, and thereby had forfeited all claim upon us
for payment. A declaration or act of war by
Mexico would alone rescind the obligation, and
wholly exonerate us from the payment of the
debt. And such, no doubt, would be the effect of
a_ violation by Mexico of any of the material pro-
visions of the treaty on her part.
How stands the case under the protocol? So
far as they,had the power, the commissioners
rendered foid the Senate's amendment. The pro-
tocol declares that '* the Government of the United
' States, by suppressing the concluding paragraph
' of article twelfth of the treaty, did not intend to
• deprive the Mexican Republic of the free and un-
1 restrained faculty of ceding, conveying, or trans-
.'ferring at any time (as it may judge best) the
' sum of twelve millions of dollars, which the same
' Government of the United States is to deliver in
* the places designated in the amended article."
In the construction of this clause, no one will
doubt that the Republic understood, that she had a
right to understand, and that the commissioners
intended she should understand, that our liability,
under any circumstances, to pay to her assignee,
remained as valid as though the article had not ! planations was, that the amendments of the Senate
been amended. The protocol, then, in equity, at , did not change or alter the original treaty. On this
least, virtually reestablishes the original article in : stands the validity of the treaty. This being ad-
j. „J' lhe commissioners had no direct authority mitted, its relation and connection with it can be
from Secretary Buchanan for this perversion of the |, no longer disputed. The consideration is always
aiticle, yet they had, in his letter to the Mexican ;l a part of the agreement, whether in the same or in ;
minister, an apology for their conduct. After sta- (| another instrument. Remove it, or prove that none !
" P " would be more convenient for the Republic ji existed, and the agreement necessarily falls. It no
^o have negotiable certificates, he says, " no doubt it longer has any binding obligation.
' < win"h/lt'n' 'J181 ,caP'taIists may found who j! if I am correct in these views, it follows that the
'be desired ,mfnfuid/a°ceany amount that might ;; protocol has an immediate and substantial bearing j
< ■ ? u °u a J?aty obilgatlon so1" j I "P®" the treaty. If,, then, Mexico has a right to :
' United States   Thfs d? ,Govf.rn™ent ,of tlie j rely >>1 n**l say that it is an agreement '
umiea states. This diplomatic functionary jj equally binding upon us. Its effect must be mutual, i
thus commenced the work of repeal, which was
carried out by the commissioners; and, for the pay-
ment to the holder of the claim, he did not scruple
to pledge " the faith of our treaty obligations, sol-
emnly entered into." This is the effect of his letter.
After this warrant, and the protocol treading upon
its heels, who would hesitate to purchase the claim,
as regards any fear that the Government should
withhold the instalments, however just and valid
such a step might be as between us and Mexico?
Permit me to say, sir, that this act of the President,
through his Secretary and t.he cdmmissioners, is a
high-handed usurpation of power and malfeasance
in office. The treaty-making power, the a<3.s and
doings of the Senate in settling treaty obligations,
have, in the instance before us, been overrode, as
though they were matters of not the slightest im-
portance. The Senate, for wise and good reasons,
refused to make the obligation negotiable. - The
President and the commissioners declare, in effect,
they intended no such thing. They defeat, so far
as in their power, the solemn and deliberate act of
the Senate. It was well understood, that when
the treaty was before the Senate there was a Brit-
ish agent (Mcintosh) in Mexico wstiting its return
to purchase the claim. Hence we see her.unwill-
ingness to yield to the Senate's amendment. The
commissioners, therefore, met the issue by a dis-
claimer wholly in conflict with the policy and ob-
ject which dictated the amendment—a disclaimer
that pays as little respect to the constitutional
powers of the Senate, as a branch of the treaty-
making power, as to the nation itself.
I will spend, sir, a few moments in examining
the protocol as it affects the treaty, and may yet
most seriously affect the country. It is time it
should be examined. The President kept it hid
away from the nation until it was called out by a
plenary and mandatory resolution. He was made
to surrender information important to the country,
and which the Mexican minister claims to be tlie
property of his nation; that is, a restoration to her
of all the guarantees which w-ere in the original
treaty, and rejected by the Senate.
The settlement of a treaty between two nations
is but a contract or an agreement. The same rules
of law which make any agreement a valid instru-
ment, apply to such a contract. (6 Peters' Rep.,
735-'6.) The parties must have power to contract,
and if the contract is made b,y an agent, his author-
ity must be strictly pursued; if he falls short of the
power, or exceeds it, the agreement is void, unless
ratified by the principal. It must be fully executed,
and after execution quite as important a requisite
yet remains to be done as any other, without
which the contract is utterly void; that is, its de-
livery and exchange between the parties. Several
J instruments, delivered at the same time, having ref-
j erence to the same subject-matter, are here blended
j together, and constitute but one agreement.
I Mexico refused to execute the treaty (amended
| as it was by the Senate; -until the protocol was
| executed, which- she demanded as a condition pre-
cedent. The protocol proves this, as is apparent
by its last paragraph, which is as follows:
"And these explanations having been accepted by the
Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Mexican Republic, he de-
clared, in the name ot his Government, th it, wiUi the under-
standing com eyed by them, the same Government would
proceed to ratify the treaty of Guadalupe, as modified bv the
Senate and Government of the United dtates. In testimony
ol wliietl their Excellencies, the aforesaid Commissioners,
and the .Minister, have signed and sealed, in quinlliplicate,
the present protocol.
"NATHAN CLIFFORD, It- s-1
" AMUiiuSIS H. SEVIER, I l. 3.]
"LUIS DJ3 LA ROSA." (>. s.j
This extract contains the moving consideration
for the execution of the treaty on the part of Mex-
ico. "The understanding conveyed" by the ex-
,1 The inevitable result is, that it should have been
11 sent to the Senate for approval, and, so long as this
j, is omitted, the treaty is imperfect and inoperative.
The President says, when he received the pro-
j tocol with the ratified treaty, he did not regard it
'l as material, or in anywise attempting to " modify
!j or change the treaty as amended by the Senate."
jj He tells us what be did not consider it, but fails
lj to give the country his opinion as to what it was.
It would seem as though the instrument might
have some affirmative character. He gives it merely
a negative one. It certainly has some strong marks
of an honorable paternity, and even of & national ex.-
istence. It was the occasion and the moving lever
to the ratification of a treaty between two nations:
an act which arrested the progress of a rapidly
increasing national debt, and brought peace to the
country; and yet the President could not rega.d it
as a material instrument, but as something of no
importance, destitute of a proper name, but which,
for the sake of designation, he terms a " paper"
called a " protocol!" This piece of paper he saw
was executed by no less personages than the min-
isters of the two nations, clothed with special
powers; was not only signed by them, but, by
way of giving it the more solemnity and form as
a specialty, it was also sealed.
Was it a diplomatic correspondence?—though
even this the commissioners were instructed to
avoid, except " in case of necessity." A corre-
spondence is an intercourse between persons by
means of letters and answers received. A diplo-
matic correspondence differs from any other only
in .respect to the character or relative position of
the writers and in the subject-matter. A mere cor-
respondence is never signed by both parties, but
each signs his own communication. If signed by
both, it would be more than a correspondence, and
would contain some proposition as to which the
minds of the parties meet. Whatever may be the
effect of diplomatic notes or correspondence, the
protocol certainly does not belong to that family.
Is it claimed to be a mere " explanation ?" Such,
I admit, may be signed by both parties. An ex-
planation is a mutual exposition of terms, with a
desire to adjust a misunderstanding and reconcile
differences. This presupposes the existence of an
agreement, or some proposition as to which there
is a difference of understanding between the parties
on account of obscurity or some ambiguity arising
from the language. With reference to the treaty,
the Mexican Government objected to the amend-
ments made by our Senate. The Secretary tells
them they do not materially change the original
articles. The commissioners repeat the same, and
declare that, by the amendments, we did not in-
tend in any way to diminish what was agreed
upon by the original treaty. They go further,
and say it is all embraced in the Louisiana amend-
ment.
Mexico replies, reduce this to writing and we
-will ratify the treaty. It ®-as done. Call it, sir,
what you please—diplomatic notes, explanation,
or anything else, it is not the name alone that gives
the character. The whole tenor of,the protocol is
positive assertion of matters of fact, besides being
signed and sealed by both parties. I should like,
therefore, to be informed why such an instrument
is not an agreement. The rninds of the parties
came together; there wa3 a union of sentiment and
of action, and. in the instrument a clearly-ex-
pressed consideration to sustain it. We have
explanatory or declaratory laws, which are founded
lj on some previous enactments, as to which there ~
! was some ambiguity rendering it difficult to carry
ji out the enactment. Another act is passed explain-
ing the former, and this it is that'gives force to the
; first. Equally important and material is the rela-
; tion of the ptotocol to the treaty.
'i Again: who ever knew mere diplomatic notes,
h: or correspondence, executed under the joint hands
; and-seals of the ministers of two governments, and
; quintuple copies made? This must have been a
j new thing to the President—an anomaly in the
history of diplomacy. He could not call it a iliplo-
■, malic correspondence, for it possessed none of its
, forms or qualities; he would not call it an agree-
ment, for then it would have to came to the light,
j and be referred to the Senate. It being therefore
j a nondescript, a new thing, he made up his mind
1 that it was an immaterial matter, and concluded to
1 entomb it within the vaults of his Secretary, he
