w%#
1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•253
30th Cong 2d Sess.
New Mexico and California—Mr. Berrien.
Senate.
and his diplomatic functionary being the only at-
tendants upon the ceremony. Under the existing
- state of things they had no difficulty, it seems, in
coming to the conclusion that such a deposit was
a safer disposition of it, at that particular jilncture
of lime, than any other that could be made. What
is there in the protocol that calls for secrecy? What
in it that would endanger the interests of the coun-
try, if a knowledge of its existence had been given
to the people? It will be recollected that the Pres-
ident was called upon in July last, by a resolution,
to communicate to J.he House copies of all instruc-
tions given to the commissioners in relation to the
treaty. It will also be recollected that he refused
by his message to do it, on the ground, as he said,
that it would be "inconsistent with the public in-
terests." Why thisshuffiingexcuse? Whatiniqui-
ty could there be in the instructions, rendering them
at that time, or at any time, unsafe for the public
eye? Upon a further demand we now have the
instructions, and they show plainly the intention
to silence all the fears and opposition that Mexico
* might manifest against the Senate's amendments
at all hazards, and'at whatever expense of truth
the circumstances might demand. Why safer now
as to the " public interests" than in July? I can
see no reason; nor can I imagine any for the Pres-
ident, unless I am permitted to suppose he consid-
ered the " public interests" demanded the election
of the Baltimore nominee:
,But look again at the conduct of the President.
In his message, refusing copies of said instruc-
tions, he'says, that "no contingency occurred
' which made it either necessary or proper for our
' commissioners to enter upon any negotiation with
' the Mexican Government, further than to urge
' upon that Government the ratification of the
1 treaty in the amended form." What, sir, does
he say that no contingency occurred which made
it necessary to enter upon any negotiation ? How,
I ask, can he speak the truth, and say this? Does
he not well know (for the protocol proves it) that ^
Mexico refused- to ratify the treaty until a nego-
tiation had been held between the ntinisters, that
resulted in the execution of the protocol, without
whichj we have every reason to believe, it would
not have been approved by the President of Mex-
ico ? And still does he say that no contingency
occurred making it necessary to enter upon nego-
' tiations? Was not a refusal to ratify a contingency ?
Wherefore, then, this .utter falsehood and prevari-
cation? The message referred to bears date July
28, 1848. At that time political interests were at
stake, and they were more potent than the strong
obligations of truth; and hence the secrecy and
filing away the protocol. Had it been sent to the
Senate, as it should have been, no doubt before
this we should have had-a treaty honorable to' both
parties, and free from any occasion of misunder-
standing in the future. Thecounselsof the wicked,
however, were overruled; and the man who was a
terror to Mexico had become a terror to the Ad-
ministration; and, in spite of all their efforts to sac-
rifice him on the field of battlei he has triumphed
over his enemy, and the people rejoice.
Sir, it affords me no pleasure thus to review or
speak of the acts of the Administration; but duty
to my country with me is far above any personal
regards I have for any man, and especially if his
conduct is offensive and prejudicial to the institu-
tions of the country.
Mr. Chairman, since the days of the Revolution
there has been no like period of time in which the
acts of the Administration have furnished more
material for the historian than the last three or
four years. The one-man power has been made
the supreme law of the land; the restraints of the
Constitution have been disregarded, and the Legis-
lative department of the Government encroached
upon by the Executive; the will of the people has
been 'disobeyed, and the demands of justice made
.to yield to partisan interests. In opposition tt> the
will of a large majority, foreign territory has been
forced upon us, bringing with it an institution
opposed to the^principles of our Government and
of humanity.* An aggressive and unconstitutional
war has been waged upon our neighbors, wnich
has cost the country thousands ot lives and mil-
lions of money, besides a heavy national debt, foi
which we have a large territory added to our do-
main—the subject of discord and contention, if not
of disunion.
Sir, is it not time to pause and see what the end
will be, if such usurpations are to pass unnoticed ?
What, under the existing circumstances of the
treaty, shall be done? I consider we have no
choice to make. There is but one course to be
taken. The country must yield submission. A
wicked administration may bring injury and dis-
honor upon the nation, but the Government must
be sustained. We must cancel the instalments as
they become due under the treaty; wait the action
of Mexico under the treaty guarantees; stand on
the defensive; but I hope, in the name of my coun-
try, we shall commit no act hostile to the principles
of national justice, or dishonor ourselves in the
estimation of the world.
NEW MEXICO AND CALIFORNIA.
DEBATE IN THE SENATE,
In relation to the Government of the Territories of
JVew Mexico and California.
Wednesday, February 21, 1849.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the Amend-
ments moved to the Civil and Diplomatic Appropriation Bill,
in relation to the government of the Territories of New
Mexico and California, and Mr. Bell* having concluded
his remarks—
Mr. BERRIEN said: Mr. President, I do not rise
for the purpose of discussing the merits of this
amendment. Without intending to call in ques-
tion the correctness of the course of any Senator
who has, or who may think proper to enter into
it, from the view which I have taken of it, all such
discussion has appeared to me to be entirely use-
less in the present stage of our proceedings. I can
anticipate but one result to this motion. Notwith-
standing what has been said of its congruity to the
bill under discussion, and of the importance and
necessity of sacrificing all parliamentary usage to
the great and imposing exigencies of this case, I
cannot but believe that there are Senators who,
apart from any opinion they may have of the
merits of the question, will feel compelled to dis-
sent from this amendment, on the ground of its
being a total departure from all parliamentaiy
usage, and, in the opinion of many, from all par-
liamentary propriety. I believe that this discus-
sion, if we go into it now, must be repeated when
the California bill shall bp presented to the consid-
eration of the Senate; and I entertain none of the
apprehensions of the Senator from Tennessee, that
the consideration of that bill, or the decision of it,
^vill be avoided by the Senate. I entertain no ap-
prehension that there is a competent number, or
any great number of Senators, who are disposed
to be so regardless of their duty as to refuse the
consideration of the question, whether a govern-
ment shall be given to the people of those territo-
ries, when that question is presented to them m a
form in which, consistently with their own sense
of propriety, they can do it. I abstain, therefore,
from all examination of the merits of the amend-
ment in this discussion. I am induced to trouble
the Senate for a few moments, simply from the fact
that I am a member of the Judiciary Committee,
and that, by the order of that committee, it was
made my duty to prepare the report which was
submitted to the Senate upon the bill for the ad-
mission of California as a State—a report which
so far influenced the action of the Senator by whom
the bill was introduced, as to*induce him to mod-
ify it, thus acquiescing in the positions stated in
the report, and seeking to avoid them by those
amendments. The Senator from Tennessee, in
his seat, says this observation does not apply to
him. Most certainly not, sir.
The bill to which 1 have referred was introduced
by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas.] If
the Senator had adverted to that fact, and to the
discussion which took place when that report was
presented to the Senate, he would have been re-
lieved from the apprehension that my remarks weie
intended to apply to him. But, sir, before I pro-
ceed to examine very briefly the objections which
  The revised speech of Mr. Bem. was not received from
him in time to be mseited m its appropriate place; but
wlifn furnished ll will be published, and may be found on
reference to the Index. For the previous proceedings, and
the various amendments and other propositions made pend-
ing the consideration of tins subject, see the Congressional
Globe.
the Senator from Tennessee has presented to this
report, I desire in the first place to say that, in my
judgment, the argument of that Senator in support
of his amendment is suicidal. If the people of
these Territories be such as he has described them;
if they be, as he says, so utterly destitute of all
moral restraint—so entirely reckless of every prin-
ciple of morality as-to require the exercise of the
power of this Government, which-he invokes for -
their protection—they are totally unfit to become
the associates of a free people, and to participate in
the birthright of the American people, as citizens
of a Stale of this Union. I desire to be understood,
sir, I do not endorse the statement of the Senator
from Tennessee as to the character of the people.
Mr. BELL. The Senator from Georgia is do-
ing me great injustice. I stated, I think, twice in
the course of my remarks, that a large portion of
the population were careful, prudent men in their
habits, and accustomed to the enjoyment of the
privileges of a free Government; arid if we allowed
them to form a State constitution to-day, they would
do it; but that eighteen months hence the country
could be overrun with hordes of reckless adventu-
rers, rendering it almost a moral impossibility that
a constitution could be formed and maiptained.
Mr. BERRIEN. I had not the slightest wish-
to do injustice to the honorable Senator from Ten-
nessee. He did indeed say that a large portion of
the population of that country was such as he has
now described, but he said also that another large
portion were of so opposite a character, so entirely
reckless of moral restraint, as to require the inter-
position of this Government for the protection of
the quiet and well-disposed. I repeat, sir, this
argument is suicidal. If such be the character of
a large portion of the people of these territories; if
they are so utterly reckless and lawless, I appeal
to the Senate, I appeal to the American people,"are
we or will they be willing to share their and our
birthright with men of such character as the Sena-
tor has described, by admitting them into this
Union as one of the States of this Confederacy/ I
agree, sir, that all the power which can be legiti-
mately exerted ought to be exercised to restrain
such people. But I inquire, will not a territorial'
government established by Congress as completely
effect his object—as effectually restrain a people
disposed to be lawless, as if they were admitted as
a State into the Union, and thus left to their own
guidance, and absolved from our superintendence?
The argument of the honorable Senator is perfect
to show the propriety of establishing a territorial
government over this territory, in conformity with
the established usages of Government, and with the
constitutional power of Congress; but it falls far
short of proving that it is proper at this time to
admit these people as a State of this^lJnion. On
the contrary, it serves to demonstrate the impro-
priety of such admission to the precise extent to
which it shows the absence of moral restraint
among a large portion of that people, and the pro-
priety of keeping them in a state of pupilage until
they shall be better qualified to enjoy the privileges
of American citizens and to become members of
this Union.
' I am told that we were at war when this treaty
was negotiated; that northern Senators warned us
that if these territories were acquired, the Wilmot
proviso, the inhibition of slaveij within their lim-
its, would be enforced. The Senator fiom Ten-
nessee, therefore, advises us at once to admit these
people as a State; to incorporate them into this
Union, to allow them to become our brethren; aye,
sir, that we of the South, cowering under the ap-
prehensions which the honorable Senator would
excite in our bosoms, should tamely submit to the
wanton aggression which, if we do not acquiesce
in this amendment, he supposes will be offered to
the people of the South. Mr. President, I do not
know what are the feelings of any other man in
this Chamber upon this subject. I have com-
muned with no Senator in respect to it; I speak
for myself only when I say, that if that disposition
exists among the p.eople to whom it is ascribed, I
desire that it should be manifested on the instant.
If I had no other motive for preferring a territorial
government over that of a State—if I did not think
these people in their present condition, as that is
described by the Senator from Tennessee, were
utterly unfitted to constitute on of the States—the
menace, the intimation of a determination on the
