1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
30th Cong 2d Sess.
New Mexico and California—Mr. Dayton.
Senate.
a constitution for the new State, and compel the
people of the terntory to accept it, and become a
State? Sir, it was under the conviction of a total
want of power—in obedience to that principle of
free governments that it belongs to the people who
are to form the State, to frame the constitution
which is to regulate the action of that State.
Mr. President, the honorable Senator, in the
progress of his argument, proposed this question:
Can a State, formed out of one of the Territories
of this Union, be recognized as a State until it is.
admitted into this Union ? In other words, does it
become a State till it is so admitted ? He denies
that such a State has any constitutional existence
until delegates are received on the floor of the Con-
gress of the United States. Well, sir, except in-
ferentially, there is nothing in the report of the
committee to affirm or deny this. Yet I have no
hesitation to commit myself to the distinct affirm-
ance of that proposition.
Suppose that Congress refuses to admit such
State, are the people without government? Can
Congress reduce them to their territorial condition?
Will Senators advert to the condition of Missouri?
The people of that Territory, with the assent of |
Congress, framed a constitution in the year 1819,
and thus became a State, in 1820 they applied
for admission into tire Union. The same unhappy
question then agitated the councils of the Confed-
eracy which disturbs us now, to avoid which we
are to violate all parliamentary usage, and to tran-
scend the limits of our constitutional power. Will
Senators recollect the condition of Missouri when
that measure was adopted which was called the
Missouri compromise? Sir, Missouri had a State
constitution, a legislature, and officers of her gov-
ernment at that tune. She was a State then, and
whether she might or might not be a State of this
Union depended upon Congress. But she was a
State, armed with all the powers which belong to
a State. If Congress imposed terms to which she
was unwilling to submit, she might, as a sovereign
State, though not as a State of this Union, stand
aloof, and Congress had no power to reducc her to
her territorial condition. When I speak of a want
of power, X speak of a power which would have
been sustained by the moral force of public opin-
ion. It was the conviction of this,, more than the
influenceof any individual which induced Congress
to adopt that compromise. The Senator has heard
it suggested that action in relation to these territo-
ries is to be delayed, awaiting the aid of the same
distinguished individual.' Sir, I have heard no
such suggestion. I speak for myself, and believe
that I may do so for those around me. I am here
to discharge my own duty, and I invoke no other
aid than that which I trust every other Senator will
feel disposed to ask.
Well, sir, the people of a territory cannot form
a constitution without the consent of Congress. I
am willing to concede this for the sake of argu-
ment. But what then? Does the power to con-
sent that the people of a territory shall exercise j
that right necessarily include the power of Con- j
gress to exercise tins right? Could Congress have j
formed a constitution for Missouri, and have com-
pelled her to come into the Union on the terms
they had prescribed, or did'she not become a State
by force of the constitution formed by her own
people? What, then, becomes of the argument of
"the Senator from Tennessee? Sir, the power to
create a State is with the people themselves, who
are to constitute it. There must be people, I agree;
there must be a population greater or less—as,
even in this age of progress, we have not yet be-
come a nation of aeronauts, they must have ter-
ntory; but the power is with the people, whether
it be exercised by the consent of Congress or as a
revolutionary right. The consent of Congress that
the people may form a State is not the creation of
such a State by Congress, any more than the
forming of the State Government adopted by the ^
the people of Kentucky, with the consent of Vir- j
gima, was the forming of that State- by Virginia. 1
The convention of the people of Kentucky in
-April, 1792, framed their constitution, and if the
Senator will take the pains to examine the State
papers to be found in an adjacent room of the
Capitol, lie will find, as I have before said, that
General Washington announced the fact to the next
Congress. *
Th6 Senator still insists that a State cannot have
existence until her delegates are received in Con-
gress. She is, then, in a condition of suspended
animation until this event occurs to resuscitate*her.
Bat in this state of things, how, I ask, could she
have delegates here? By whom were they to be
chosen? Under what authority? Were they to
be elected in conformity to the constitution and
laws of a State which had no existence? Were
not these laws and the existence of the State re-
cognized by the very act of receiving the delegates
elected under their authority to represent that
State? Or does the Senator -mean to contend that
the appcarance of the delegates gjave, retroactively,
vitality to the State which sent them?
Mr. President, I do not desire to occupy the
time of the Senate on this subject, but I do desirej
most anxiously desire, that the principles which I
deem essential to the rights of the States of this
Union should not be misunderstood. 1 do desire,
if it be the last act of my life, to contribute, as far
as may be in my power, to the correct apprehen-
sion of them, i should regret to believe that the
people of the several States of tins Union could be
led to suppose that such power as is claimed for
Congress on this occasion does in fact belong to
them, or that we are disposed to depart from the
uniform understanding of our predecessors in the
interpretation of the power which the Senator de-
sires us to exercise, that it was to be enlarged into
a constructive power to create the States of this
Union, and that in this age of progress, when it
is perhaps impossible tohmit the extent of terri-
tory which may be acquired by this Government,
that Congress would assume the power which it
is proposed now to exercise. Such a doctrine is
fatal to the rights of the States, and the preserva-
tion of their rights is essential to the permanence
of the Union.
The Senator maintains another proposition, or
rather he illustrates his principle by an argument
of this sort: that a State is not a State until it is
admitted into this Union.
Mr. BELL, (in his seat, in a low tone of voice.)
I said that no State can exist in any territory of
this Union unless it be created by Congress, until
it is admitted into the Union.
Mr. BERRIEN. I will state the proposition in
the Senator's own words. No State can exist in
any territory of this Union, unless it be created by
Congress, until it is admitted into the Union.
Mr. BELL, (in his seat.) Unless we relinquish
our sovereignty over it.
Mr. BERRIEN. With this limitation, I think
the aigument of the honorable Senator is yielded.
The sanction which is given to the people of a
territory to form a constitution and State govern-
ment is the relinquishment* of our sovereignty
quoad hoc; it is the relinquishment of* the very
sovereign power which the Senator from Tennes-
see claims. When, then, the Congress of the
United States have given their consent to the peo-
ple of a territory to form a constitution and State
government, they become a State. No, says the
Senator, not until they are admitted into the Union,
because Congress exercises sovereign power within
their territory, and a State cannot be a State when
any foreign power can exercise sovereign power
within its limits. Sir, that is a total annihilation
of every State of this Union. According to that
doctrine, we have no longer a State m the Union,
because there is not one sovereign State of this
Union within the limits of which the General Gov-
ernment may not exercise sovereign power. The
power of taxation, I apprehend, is a sovereign
power. The General Government may exercise
those powers within the limits of the sovereign
States, and, therefore, quodtrat demonstrandum, we
cease to be States. Surely this argument will not
commend itself to the deliberate reflection of the
Senator himself. - . .
The true state of this fact, as I apprehend it, is
this: The Constitution of the United States has
enabled the Congress of the United States to make
rules and regulations for the Government of the
territories belonging to the United States. Under
that clause of the Constitution they exercise the
power to prescribe a territorial government, and
while that people remain under their territorial gov-
ernment, their power in functus officio, except as to
the supervisory power which they (Congress) re-
tain of controlling the legislation of that territory
as a subordinate legislature. But, when Congress
shall have parted with their sovereignty—-in the
language of the Senator from Tennessee, when
they' shall have consented that the people of that
State, or of that territory, in the exercise of their
privileges as freemen, shall form a constitution ancl
State government^ then is called into exercise, and
not before, the power which is conferred by -the
Constitution upon Congress to admit that State
into the Union, the intermediate power having been
exercised by the popular sovereignty itself, by
the consent of Congress, if that consent has been
given, or if not, in the exercise of a revolutionary
right.
Sir, the history of the Government from the
beginning will show this. By the resolutions of
1784, with regard to territories which we then had
within our limits, it was provided that when they
should obtain the number of twenty thousand in-
habitants, they should be allowed to form a Terri-
torial Government under the direction of the Con-
federacy, and when they acquired as many inhab-
itants as the smallest State in the Confederacy,
then they should be admitted into the Confederacy.
These resolutions of 1784 were repealed in 1785,
and then the provision was that Congress would
exercise this'power and establish territorial gov-
ernments when they-should have acquired a cer-
tain number of inhabitants; and when they should
have obtained sixty thousand free white inhabit-
ants that they would be authorized, upon applica-
tion to Congress, to establish a State government.
That was stipulated in the compact with Virginia;
arrd. Virginia, by their compact, waived all right of
sovereignty over those territories which it granted
to the Confederacy upon this specified condition,
among others. Such has been the course pursued
since, in regard to the Territories of the Union.
Congress has, in the first instance, established a
territorial government, and when the people have
acquired sufficient numbers to entitle them to ad-
mission into the Union as a State, they have
applied to Congiess, its consent has been given,
the people have been admitted to their natural
rights as freemen, and, in the exercise of these,
they have established a constitution, and have
formed and created a State. AH that Congress has
subsequently done has been to *adrmt that State
into the Union.
The question was then taken on Mr. Bell's
amendment to the amendment, as modified, and
decided m the negative—yeas 4, nays 39.
[For tiie amendment-:, yeas ami nay-;, and other proceed-
ings, &oe Congressional Globe, pp. 573-4, etc.]
In Senate, February 23, 1849.
The Senate, as m Committee of the Wliole, having und( r
consideration the bifJ making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for the year ending
June iJO, 1850, and the question pending being upon the fol-
lowing amendment, submitteTTby Mr. Walker and mudifkd
by Mr. Foote :
■*< gee. jjni be it further enacted, That the Constitutirin
of the United States and all and singula}-the several acis of
Congie^s respecting tin- u-gusiering, recoidmg, enrolling. or
licensing sdupsnr vessel-., and the entiy and'clearance theie-
of, and the toieign and coasting trade and and all
the acts respecting the impOMrig and collecting of duties on
linpottSj ami nil acts rts-pecting trade and im< reour e with
the Indian tubes, and all aiu rejecting the public lands, or
the sui ve> or siie thereof, and all and si'ngulai the other acts
of Congress of «t public and general cliar.itier, and the pro-
vision.-, whereof .ire suitable and proper to he applied to the
territory west ol the Rio del Norte, acquired trom Mexico by
the treaty of the .second day ot February, eighteen huudied
and forty-eight, be, and un; h.atno are heiehy, extended ov< r
and given full force and efFieacv in all .-.lid tei ntory; and the
President of the Umt> d Slate?, be, and lie i> Jieu-by, autho-
rized to pre>erib<j and establish all proper and needful rules
and legu'anons (in oonforinit} with the Constitution ot the
United States) Tor the enforcement of said law.- in t-aid ter-
ritory, and lo; the preservation o"f order and tranquillity, and
the establishment of .justice {herein, arid from time lo time
lo modity or change the said rules and regulations in such
manner as may seem to hnn discreet and proper, and may
pit sen be and establish, tcnipoiartly,j=ueh division*, distnctw,
ports, olfiees, and aiiangemeiUs proper for the execution of
said-law-, and appoint arid commission such ofheersas may
be necs ssaiy to administer Mich l.twa in said teintory, for
tuch teini or terms a-, he may prfsrribu. whose authority
shall continue until otherwise provided by Congress; said
officer- to receive such compensation as the President may
prescribe, not exceeding double the compensation heretofore
paid to similar oflicers ot the United Suites, or ns Teirito-
rie-, for like service-;; and, to enable the same to be done,
the sum of two hundred thousand dollars, be appiopiiuted,
out ot any money m the treasury not otherwise appropria-
ted"—
Mr. DAYTON said: Mr. President, 1 now pro-
pose to carry into effect the proposition indicated
at the close of the debate on Wednesday last,
