appendix to the congressional globe.
[Feb. 23,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
New Mexico and California—Mr. Dayton.
Senate.
elation. It seenis to me, therefore, a preliminary
proceeding that we inspect the form_of government
before the State is admitted into the Union. Unless
you do" so, how can you secure or'guaranty to that
State a republican form of government ? When it
has, been admitted, it becomes in that respect inde-
pendent of you. A State thus formed and admitted
■ may discharge all its federal relations, and yet may
establish laws for its internal regulation assimilating
in character to the limited monarchies or the ancient
aristocracies of the Old World. Suppose a State
should do so, after you haveadmitted ttasone of the
States of the Union, can any man rise up and say,
in my judgment it is not a republican form ofgov-
ernment? Can any one call upon you to create it
anew and shape it into a republican form of gov-
ernment? That is not, was not, the idea. At the
time the States severally united themselves undei
the Constitution, their several forms of government
were known. They came in as republican gov-
ernments, gave power to suppress levolution by
violence, and agreed to guaranty to every other
State admitted a republican foilii ot government.
So that when any other State applies for admission
we must look to its form to see if it is within the
constitutional principle; if so, it may be admitted.
But,sir, if you admit a State, it is here; it is one
of you. Then, I ask, how are you, without any
complaint,-'without any domestic violence in its
borders, to interfere and establish a republican form
of government*? Your only security, 1 repeat, is
to inspect and pronounce before you admit. A
State once here is emancipated. A State elsewhere,
or while a Territory, is in your power, so far as
the terms of admission are concerned.
But, sir, there are other objections to admitting
this country as a State, aside from these constitu-
tional or legal difficulties. This matter of admit-
ting a S^aie into the Union is a matter, to a great
extent, of discretion, and in this case, it is expiessly
made by the treaty with Mexico matter of discre-
tion. It was so stipulated, it wasso agreed. There
area great many questions which may justly affect
a man's discretion upon a subject of this kind. I1 or
instance, the subject of taxation; taxing the prop-
erty of non-residents; questions in regard to sla-
very; a declaration upon the subject of boundaries
—out of which many difficulties might arise, (as,
by the way, there did between Missouii and Iowa,
and'we kept Iowa out in the condition of a Terri-
tory, as a matter of discretion, until we could set-
tle these very difficulties.) Or, suppose that this
vast Slate should say, "We will never permit
another State to be formed within our borders,"
and make that a point in her organic laws ? There
are many other things which she might incorporate
into her constitution, which would affect our dis-
cretion on a question of admission or no admis-
sion. I hold, therefore, that it is matter of pru-
dence, as well as matter of law, that we inspect
her organic law and foim of government before
we admit her into partnership. I want to see, and
know, and understand, upon what terms she pro-
poses to do business when she becomes one of the
partners of our great firm—the American Union.
Again : why should we overstep that system of
legislation which We have acted upon heretofore
on all and every occasion ? First a temporary
government; then the lowest grade of territorial
government; then the second in degree; then ad-
mitting the territory into the Union as a State.
Why, I say, are we to overstep this regular and
uniform system of legislation ? Out o'f seventeen
States which have been admitted into tins Union
since the adoption of the constitution, this system
has been adopied in all of them,,with a single ex-
ception. All of teem, with a single exception,
have had their form of government and constitu-
tion belore they have been admitted. That excep-
tion was Kentucky, and that exception, 1 think,
has been fully and clrnrly explained and met by ihe
Senator fioiri Georgia, [.VIr. Berrien.] But, if it
were a precedent, it is a bad precedent. It is one
which the'conduct of Government for fifty years
has repudiated. It stands alone. In reference to
the State of Kentucky, even, the laws of this coun-
try weie never extended over her. Is that a pre-
cedent, too? Who would think now of admitting
a foreign State into this Union without extending
the laws of the country over it? And yet Ken-
We cannot create a State. We may admit a .
State when once created. But to admit n State j
into the Union as a State, which is no State, and j
which we cannot make a State, is a paradox in ,
principle as well as in expression. If we could ,
admit without first inspecting the constitution, we
ou ht not. There is no sound reason why we j
should, m this hasty mode, proceed to erect this |
country into a State. If theie be such, what is it.
Mr. President, a few words in reference to the
condition of that country, and I will relieve the
Senate. In tne first place,'what is the^ extent of
the population there? I fear very mucn that we
have a little of this California excitement upon us
here, and that we are imagining things for Call-
forma which, in point of fact, do not exist. iNow,
although the Constitution gives no limit as to the
admission of a State in point of population, yet by i
past practice as to some Teriitories, and the ordi- i
nance of 1787 as to others, they have been admit- :
ted when they contain sixty thousand inhabitants.
Under our late apportionment act it is necessary,
in order to give a single member of Congress, that
there should be seventy-one thousand and some
i hundreds of population. Now, what is the popu-
i lation of California? Does any man pretend that
I it now approximates to anything, like that? I have
j looked a little into this subject. The population
i of that country was uncertain before the late rush, ,
I and it is still more sso now. But Sir George Simp- j,
' son, who is a reliable traveller and writer, was j
■ there as late as'1842, he did not publish his book j
! until lb47, and he says the population of Cahfor- j
nia was then about seven thousand. But, again, j
by a late Mexican document, prepared with the !
view of giving the different districts of that Govern- I
ment their share of lepresentatives, and theiefore .
the several districts claiming their population at ;
the highest estimate, it is set down at twenty-one '
thousand four hundred and twenty-nine. It is j
very probable that the truth lies between these ;
extremes, and that the population prior to the late j
rush did not exceed twelve or fifteen thousand. ;
That is the substratum, then, on which to base an j
estimate of the present population. Now, what :
are the additions? We have been Wld by the i
Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Bell] and by others j
that there is to be a vast influx theie in the course ,
of a year; that they are going in by thousands and ;
tens of thousands; that between eleven and twelve '
thousand are now on their way thither. I thought
I knew where that last statement came from, and
although it seemed to be sustained the other day
by several gentlemen around the speaker, I doubted
it. 1 have cut the statement from the paper con-
taining it; here it is. It commences: "Before re-
ported m eighty vessels, three thousand four hun-
died and seventy-live." "Ciews, one thousand
I wa-3
obvious a view of the question as that.
coming to it as speedily as possible.
I say, sir, when you recollect the amount of
population necessary to entitle the people of Cali-
fornia to one repi esentative m Congress, or if you
limit it even to sixty thousand, which has been the
limit applied to the admission of Territoiies into
the Union, you will need a thousand ships to carry
your population to California, at the average num-
ber of passengers heretofore carried. Does any
man believe that a thousand ships are going there
this year from this country, around Cape Horn
or to the Isthmus? 1 do not.
But again: 1 know full well that a portion of
this population will go over the mlanti route. But
how many, in propoition to the whole number,
will take that route? The number will be com-
paratively small. But suppose that ten, or twelve,
or even fifteen thousand cross the country upou
this wild iramp to California. That will be a lib-
eral allowance, recollecting, as we must recollect,
that every large party going to California by this
route have had actually to eat then mules for sub-
sistence, or starve by the way. When you talk
about an inland emigration of ten or fifteen thou-
sand, you put down, 1 think,a fair estimate. I do
not believe in these excessive estimates of the num-
ber of American citizens in California. It is sup-
posed there may be a hundred, or a hundred and
fifty, or two hundred thousand inhabitants in Cali-
fornia during the coming summer. But if they
be thfere, of what will it be made up? It is said
that all Europe is sending out its hordes to shove!
in the mines and digm the washings of California.
But recollect that the pauper population of Europe
cann'ot get there. Very few of the German poor,
and still fewer of the Irish and English poor can
get there. The journey thither involves a personal
expenditure far beyond their means. But suppose
they do get there, do they constitute an American
population ? Are they American citizens demand-
ing law and order at our hand3? Will they stay
there? Will your American citizens stay there ?
Will the great mass of these adventurers, come
from what nation they may, be they foreign or
American, make that country their permanent
home? My word for it, in the course of one or
two years your ships will return laden with more
gold diggers than gold dust.
It is taken for granted that, with few exceptions,
the men who go to California will stay there.
In my judgment this will not be so. The pop-
ulation of the country will for years to come be
in a state of constant change, rolling to and fro,
with little guide save its impulse of passion, av-
aiice, want, and wretchedness. It will be alonger
time than we imagine before there will be a suffi-
cient American population in that country to entitle
undone." This estimate goes back, in point of h them iiumencally to admission here. And are
the commencement of this gold fever, this iliese foreigners to come in for consideration, swell-
fact, to
California excitement, and it brings m one aggre
"'ate all who have embarked for that country trom
that date up to the piesent time. It then goes on
to give the names of a laige number of vessels,
v/ith their several ports of departure, and the
1 ing the aggregate who are entitled to clamor for
i republican government and law? Why, it is a cool
| piece of business, at the best, that the nations of
' the world are sending emigrants to take up the gold
of California, as if it belonged to them. And now,
crews, and it sums them all up, passengers and
crews, officers and men, and takes it for granted
that they are all going to run away to the gold
mines as soon as they set foot in California, and
stay there. That is the mode by which they have
managed to make it appear that there are eleven
thousand and odd persons now on their way from
this country by sea to California. I suppose 'hat
I between eight and nine thousand is the utmost
i extent of persons, both in time past and present,
bound for California from this country by sea.
Recollecting now the substratum of the popula-
tion of that country, some twelve or fifteen thou-
sand at the nnst, what amount of shipping, at the
rate they now cai ry, will it take to get as many pas-
sengers in"that country as are necessary to entitle
theru to one meiober of Congress—seventy-one
thousand and some hundreds?
Mi. FOOTE, (interposing.) Will the Senator
allow me to suggest that he has certainly under-
rated the number of persons now on their way to
California, as he does not take into consideiation
the huge numbers that have gone overland ?
Mr. DAYTON. If the Senator from Missis-
tucky is a precedent for the one as i^ell as for the 1 sippi will be kind enough to allow me to proceed,
other. he will find that I had no intention to overlook so
names of the passengers* and the number of the ; jn addition, before they shake the dust from their
feet, they are to take iheir place at our altars and
j our firesides, and claim the hasty enactment of
I State government and State iuwv Sir, theie will
! not be" a sufficient American population there for
! years to come to entitle them to admission here as
I a Slate. And the foreign population, whatever it
I may amount to, has no light to ask so early and
[ hasty a participation in State institutions. So much
' in reference to numbers, and now for the character
1 of this population.
I speak of it with all respect, but I do not fear
1 to speak of it as I think of it. Sir, that population
consists of two kinds, and they ore the antipodes
' of each other. The one are the old inhabitants of
the country, the descendants of the ancient Span-
iaids, the icured oiHce-holdeis, the remnants of the
old Franciscan Missions, and perhaps li is the laziest
and the must unenterprising population on the face
of the earth. Sir George Simpson tells ns that the
count!y is adapted to the cultivation of mau.e, yet
they do not raise enough for their own use. Ho
tells us also that while the missions continued the
hill) v.'cre covered with sheep. Hut they have
been abandoned by the present indolent popula-
, tion, anu replaced by cattle, simply because it is
easier to kill and clean the latter, than to scour,
