1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
259
30th Cong 2d Sess.
New Mexico and California—Mr. Webster.
Senate.
end clean, and weave the fleece of the former.
Russia and England, going in different directions
around the world, have actually monopolized the
far trade at the very doors of these Californians,
because they were too indolent to carry it on them-
selves. South America, from the beginning, has
been (he very paradise of idlers. Its rumored
pearl-beds, and its sierras of*silver took thousands
there at an early day, and of all this population,
California has been preeminent as the abode of re-
tired office-holders, of retired soldiers, the remnants
of those old missions. That is the character of the
Spaniards upon the soil. I need not say that the
Indians, who enter into this calculation of twelve
or fifteen thousand population, have still fewer of
the essentials of an American citizen.
There is another class of population: your reg-
ular Anglo-Saxons—those children of destiny who
.are about to spread themselves away to the setting
sun. Who and what are they? Many of them
are men of high respectability, of great enterprise,
and I would dothem all justice. But many of them
are far from possessing such a character. They
arc there, stimulated by the spirit of wild adven-
ture— jjone there for gold, that they may return to
spend it-, and they constitute the large portion, the
#ieat mass of this emigrant population. What
appeal, I ask, arc you to make to the patriotism of
these men to divert them from the gold placers into
a convention of law and order to frame a consti-
tution? You will have to laqso your members.
{Laughter.] You will have to catch them with a
slipping noose, and drag them into convention.
What pay do you mean to give these men sufficient
to induce them to go quietly at work to make laws
and a constitution ? Yet at a Ume like this, when
we are told by official documents that literally the
seivant deserts his master, the sailor his ship, and
.the soldier his flas:; while ships are rotting at an-
chor, while cropfcj, are wasting in the field, while
master and man with one common impulse are
rushing to the flats and the mountains, it is gravely
proposed to Jay off the country into districts, arid
assemble a convention to form a constitution and
enact laws. Sir, I would as soon expect my ship
to float when launched upon the topmost tide of
the Solway—i would as soon expect to harvest a
•crop from its rolling, shifting sands, as look for
good in such an hour and from such a people.
Wait, sir, wait until this turbulent rush shall
cease; wait until this human tide shall roll itself,
in whole or in part, back to its source. It will
leave, like the floods of the Nile, a rich deposite
of population behind it. Your gold digger, broken
and dispirited, will leave his washings and his holes
in the mountains, and return to the more healthful
employments of civil life. Then, and not till then, ;
will the population of that country be fit to make 1
lews ami to govern themselves.
Mr. President, I have still another objection to
the formation of this country into one State. I
have no idea of making a great monster State,
literally an empire, looking towards Asia, and
commanding ali the valuable ports of the Pacific
coast. I have no idea of making all this country
one sovereignty, one State, in thai remote portion
of the country. If that country had staid out of
the Union, it would ha\e been one thing—I would
have had small objection—but staying out and
breaking out, if occasion occur, is quite a different
matter. This State will have the power to sepaiate
itself from the Confederacy, and to inflict, bv its
example, lasting injmy upon this Union. Sup-
pose—and 1 say U with all respect—South Caro-
lina in 1S32 had had the same poweis, the same
distant position, and had then shut her ports and
nullified your laws, asshe did, how could we have
restrained her? Sir, I do not lefer to it m any
unkind sph it, but I spenlc of the impolicy of ma-
king a gieat monster State, covering some ten
degrees of latitude, and running one thousand miles
into the inteilor, out of territory so far removed
from the seat of this Government.
Cut theie is another difficulty. We do not know
the capacity and condition of this territory well
enough now to fix permanently on its boundaries
as a State. The northern boumlaiy has nothing
<o recommend it at all. 1 haxc tihvays been taught
that e\en between individuals a boundary maiked
by monuments is better than one indicated by course
and distance; and it is so m a stronger degtee in re-
gard to States and nations. Why, then, do you .
take a parallel of latitude instead of monuments to
mark your northern boundary? There ate two
rivers (the Tsashtl, half a degree north of 42°,
and the Umpqua, a degree and a half north of 42°)
running directly west from the mountains to the
sea. Either of these would form a natural bound-
ary, leaving to Oregon the Willamette valley,
and throwing Vancouver in the center for its
capital. Sir, there is no reason why you should
States. And, while I do not think it wise or pru 
dent to dwell on the past, I do not think it wise,
either, to attempt to look too far into the future.
There are evils which threaten individuals, and
there are evils which threaten communities, which
sagacity and a long-reaching foresight may prob-
ably avert; but there are other evils, occasionally
threatening individuals and communitiesalso,which
are as liKely, perhaps more likely, to find their
fix upon this ideal boundary of the forty-second ■ remedy in the course of events than in the exercise
degiee of north latitude as the boundary between 1 of piescience or premonition; and this, in my judf-
Oregon and California. We are still less prepared :j ment, is one of those cases. I think our practical
to fix upon trie east and southeastern boundary, j; duty—our dutv as practical men—is to provide a
You do not know enough of the country to justify government for those territories, for the preserva-
you in incorporating its vast unexplored interior \' tion of peace among the inhabitants, to give secu-
mto a State. A great portion of it is a country i| rify to all well-disposed persons, and to repress the
where the foot of a white man has never trod, and j efforts of the ill-disposed; to give ihem a govern-
ofthecapacity of which you iiterallyknow nothing J ' ' ' "
Again, you must remember that when you do
this, when you incorporate this vast unknown
region into a Stat*, you bring in about twenty
Indian tribes, besides those inhabiting the great
basin. Have we not, in the past history of this
Government, had warnings enough as to the im-
policy of incorporating Indian tribes within State
jurisdiction, and bringing them within the reach
oP State laws? Let us remember that it is not
slavery alone which has startled the country. Let
us remember that in times past we have stood
upon a nearer, a more hazardous steep than this,
Georgia, with her foot upon the body of Tassels,
the Cherokee, executed her own laws, and boldly
but calmly defied your power. I say, therefore,
that our past history is full of warnings; it tells us,
in language not to be misunderstood, that you
should keep your Indian tribes outside of State
law and State jurisdiction. And again, sir, what
is to become of these tribes of Indians of that
ment such as we may in the short period now be-
j: foie us, considering the great distance at which
11 they are from us. And that single purpose has
lj been all that f ha've contemplated in the proposition
'j which I have laid before the Senate, and of which,
i] at some convenient time, it was my purpose to ask
' further consideration. My idea is, that the Gov-
j ernment, for the present, must be substantially a
j military government; that we can hardly do more
\\ than keep the peace, and protect the lives and prop?
ij eityof individuals, until wc either admit the people
j who are freemen as a State into this Union, or give
j them a regular territorial government. I think it
| should be limited to that one object—to keep the
; peace—without any attempt to administer revenue
; laws, or any other laws growing out of their polit-
ical relations, because I do not think it practicable
j to. do any such thing.
| In the case of Florida, to which attention has
, been drawn by the Senator from New Jersey, there
was a provision that the revenue laws should be
country, and of the unknown tribes in the basin? jj applied to the Territory. That, 1 think, was ill
What is to become of them ? They have ever been
found a source of excitement, and of conflicting
jurisdiction, wherever they have been suffered to
remain within the boundaries of States. JNTo State
has been willing permanently to keep them within
her midst: but while there, excitements, animosi-
ties, conflicts of jurisdiction have arisen, threaten-
ing to rend asunder the system, and relieved only
as the burning mountain is relieved when it throws
out the lava. But they are there, and the time will
come when you will be called upon to eject them;
and svhat is to become of them? They will not
die fast enough for your purpose. You cannot
drive them into the Pacific. You have bounded
your State on the east by your State on the west
—there is no space between. Will you grind them
to death, as between the upper and the nether mill-
stone, or will you leave themv there—in the vast
regions which, until their title be extinguished,
belong to them according to your own laws? I
protest against converting the country into a State,
and incorpoiating these Indians within its bound-
ary.
1 am not disposed "to consume further time.
With my thanks to the ^Senate for their patience
and attention, 1 commit the amendment I have
offered to their consideration. If adopted in this
bill, or if passed out of it and m another form,
(which I would myself prefer,) it will secure Cali-
fornia against coming disorder, and do no wrong
to any great interest of this country.
1822, after the ratification of the treaty, but it all
came to nothing. The President did authorize the
collection of customs; he did appoint an officer in
that collection district; but, so far as I understand,
there never was a hundred dollars collected from
customs m Florida until they had received a reg-
ular form of government; and it cannot be other-
wise, while it is at the same time attended with
considerable expense, inasmuch as you must have
custom-houses, navy officers, appraisers, and a
whole corps of official persons who will have
nothing to do; lecause, how is it possible to es-
tablish or administer a system of revenue laws
before there are any courts? Who is to seize
vessels under the revenue law? Who is to liber
them? How are they to be trfed? What is to
become of the property? There can be no seizure
by law, no adjudication by law—and that is all-
important—until there is a regular territorial gov-
ernment established. This must be obvious, I
think, to everybody; and this is the objection, in
my humble judgment, to the proposition of the
Senator from New Jersey, which goes further
than the proposition that 1 have submitted to the
Senate. It will be expensive, it will be giving un-
necessary power to the Executive Government,
and it will be useless.
Since'I had the honor of submitting my own
thoughts upon this subject very briefly to the
Senate a few days ago, the House has sent us a
bill which purports to extend the revenue laws to
the territories. In my judgment, the Hue couise
to adopt, in the position of things as they are, is,
to arrest all amendments to this appropriation bill
affecting these temtoiies which aie offered here,
since there is another measure before us much
more, appropriate for the consideration and delib-
eration of the Senate, much more suitable to the
case upon which we wish to act than this mode of
proceeding by amendments to this bill.
I shall, for one, vote against all amendments that
Mr. WEBSTER. The Senate and the country
will bear me witness that 1 have had no hand in
i producing the piesent state of things, connected
I with these tcrntones which we have acquired. 1
have opposed all wars leading to such acquisitions,
' and I have opposed all treaties accepting of such
. cession of temtoiy; and I do nor ascribe to myself
| any considerable sagacity when I say that the state
, of things which exists to-day—brought about, per-
: haps a little sooner by accidental circumstances jl are proposed to be introduced into tin* oiil for the
than would otherwise have been the case—was as « estabhshmentofagovernn.ent,orforanyregulation
evident to me as the sun in heaven, ever since the ;; whatever, in regard totheterrirones. Lutwhen this
notion prevailed of new acquisitions on the south- , bill shall have been disposed of, ,r i be the pleas-
em border of the United States. It is, nevertheless, P ure of the Senate that the bill from the. House be
not my purpose to mingle in this discussion any- f taken up, I shall propose to strike out ad of the
thin? of the past. There is enough to occupy nur bill alter the enactuig c.ause and inseit the amend-
most serious thoughts in learning how to deal with 1'ment which I laid before the St ru.te a ,cu days
the present; in learning how to deal with it as pru- ; ago. I have 110 particulat i i ht to exhort the
dent and practical men, desiiing to preserve peace jl beiiate; 1 claim.no authority to hasten. its,
withe country, desiring to give protection to ail 1 nigs; but 1 think we aie a 1!11PeJ. ,
those who live under the Government of the Umted n to make what despatch we can with thi  app.o-
