1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
261
30th Cong 2d Sess.
New Mexico and California—Mr. Foote.
Senate.
ator perfectly; we know well who is expected to j,
arrive in our midst to-day; and 1 fervently hope ■*,
that his advent among; us may have quite a salu- j!
tary influence upon his friends and the country. j{
The Senator compares General Taylor to General !;
Jackson, and urges that,as the latter settled our Fior- j j
ida territorial diiHculties so easily and so gloriously, i!
we are bound to presume that the former will be p
able successfully to cope with all the trying cir-ij
cumstunces to be encountered in establishing eivil j
order and domestic tranquillity in California and ;<
New Mexico. 1 admit that the honorable Senator i]
was not altogether at fault in bringingforward this
comparison. General Jackson and General Tay- i,
lor, if the accounts which reach us be correct, are |
not wholly dissimilar in several important respects; '
and therefore it is that I am so decidedly in favor
of the amendment of the honorable Senator from I
Wisconsin, which is brought forward mainly upon ji
the presumption that General Taylor is entirely !i
equal to the emergencies of the moment. Sir, if ;
the hour and the man are indeed at hand, I earn- ]!
estly invoke the honorable Senator from New Jer- j'
sey, at this hour, to bestow upon the man of whom 'j
Le speaks in terms of such lavish encomium, all 1'
the requisite powers to secure permanent order in i
our new territorial possessions, and restore quiet, 1
harmony, and, if possible, true brotherly feelings
once more to the antagonizing sections of our |,
Union. But, oh no! says the honorable Senator !'
from New Jersey, I am not wiihng to trust such ,
Exorbitant powers to the national Executive; they !
might perchance be abused, and the most woful ,
con&cquences might ensue. And this is even pos- i;
sible; but I repeat that it is by no means probable, !
if those who elevated General Taylor to power |:
have not totally misunderstood his character. |
What does the honorable Senator from New ji
Jersey propose in lieu of the amendment of the r
honorable Senator from Wisconsin? Just this, and |
no more; He proposes to extend the revenue laws j;
of the United States to California and New Mex-
ico. He omits to mention m his amendment vari-
ous commercial laws of high importance, not con- j
nected directly with the revenue or its collection, n
lie orniis all the acts respecting intercourse and !j
trade with thg Indian tribes; though he has, on :
this occasion, gone somewhat out of his way to
profess a peculiar sympathy for the American >r
aborigines. He omit? all the acts respecting the ;
pubhc lands, or the surveyor sale thereof; though I,
ceitamly nothing can be more important than the ;;
immediate extension of such laws to these Fern- , i
tories, by the agency of winch their eaJy settle- ||
ment may be secuied,and a permanent body of;:
substantial citizens established therein. j,
The honorable Senator, moreover, seems unwil- !;
ling to extend the other acts of Congress of a pub- 1
lie and general character, the provisions of which
may be^ adjudged by the ^President suitable and !
proper to be applied to our vacant territories; ^
though suiely this provision confers a discretion j
which might safely be intrusted to any man wor- ij
thy to be elected President of this great Republic. !
The honorable Senator is also averse to autho-
rizing the President to " prescribe and establish :
'all needful rules (and regulations in conformity •
4 with the Constitution of the United States, for
4 the enforcement of said laws in said territories; ;
and is-unwilling to allow the President 44 from
4 time to time to modify said rules and regulations, s
* in such manner as to him may seem discreet and
1 proper;" though the exercise ot these powers is
obviously indispensable to the attainment of all
the great ends proposed to be attained by legis-
lating on this subject at the present time. Ihe
honorable Senator from New Jersey, to ue sure,
by his amendment, proposes that''all the mih-
' tary, civil, and judicial powers exercised by the
4 officers of the existing government of said tern-
4 tones, shall be vested in such person or persons,
4 anu shall be exercised m such manner as the Pres-
ident of the United States shall direct, for the
* maintaining of the inhabitants of said territories
* in the free enjoyment of their liberty, property, :
4 and religion;" which, make the most of it, can j
amount to nothing more than the establishment ot •
a military government m those territories, and the
keeping in existence civil and judicial function- j
nriex, whose power is wholly inadequate to the j
suppiession of the prevailing disorders; the m- :
creas'e of which of late have become so alarming, i
Such is the amendment of the honorable Senatof
from New Jersey. It is in support of this amend-
mentjand in opposition to that of the honorable
Senator from Wisconsin, that a long, fervid, and
furious harange has been uttered in our hearing.
But, Mr. President, the honorable Senator from
New Jersey is not alone in his opposition to the
amendment of the honorable Senator from Wis-
consin; the distinguished Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Webster,] who sits over the way,
has most zealously cooperated with him on this
occasion. That honorable Senator opened his
speech with much gravity and emphasis, remind-
ing'us of what we are not likely soon to become
oblivious—that he was opposed to the late war
with Mexico; that he was equally opposed to the
treaty of peace with that Republic; and that, there-
fore, he has no responsibility at all connected with
the acquisition of this territory. And yet he is
kindly willing to give us his advice as to the man-
ner in which our concerns in that quarter of the
Republic ought to be managed. The honorable
Senator from Massachusetts acknowledges that it
is our bounden duty to give the inhabitants of
California and New Mexico a 45government;" but
yet he contends that it should be only a u military
governmentNow, Mr. President, i know of no
authority possessed by the Rational Legislature,
under the Constitution of the United Slates, to
establish a military government, approximating to
anything like permanency, in time of peace; and
I am sure that, did we possess the power to estab-
lish such a government, under existing circum-
stances, it would be equally inexpedient to do so,
and repugnant to the true spirit and fundamental
principles of our republican system. But, with
great deference to the honorable Senator, is he not
a little inconsistent with himself in proposing this
same military government which he has so seri-
ously recommended to our consideration? 3s not
the printed amendment intended to be offered by the
honorable Senator now upon our tables, in which
a provision is to be found running thus: " that
' martial law shall not be proclaimed or declared in
' said territories, or eithei of them, nor any military
' couit established or instituted, except ordinary
{ courts-martial for the trial of persons belonging to
* the army and navy of the United States.5' Let
me ask that honorable Senator how a military
government could be established and kept in oper-
ation in California and New Mexico, with judi-
cial tribunals appendant thereto, or, to speak more
correctly, existing as a part thereof, without the
necessary existence of military courts? Is it possi-
ble, in the nature of things, that a court not mili-
tary could be established in a country under the
domimonof agovernmentstrictly military? Really,
it seems to me that these questions answer them-
selves and need no elucidation. But why, let me
ask the honorable Senator, is it that he has thought;
proper thus to suggest the propriety of providing
" that martial law should not be proclaimed or
'declared in said territories, norany military court
« established or instituted, except ordinary couits-
' martial for the trial of persons belonging to the
' army or navy of the United States?" Does he
dread that the military chieftain whom he has lately
united so zealously in elevating to the Presidency
of the Union, has so much partiality tor martial
law and military tribunals that it is necessary to
restrain him by a special statute ? Why, sir, again
I say, though 1 had no hand in electing General
Taylor to the Presidency, I am not at all appre-
hensive of his establishing military courts m Cali-
fornia and New Mexico, and I do not in the least
! doubt that he would prefer the regular course of
municipal justice to the adjudications of any mili-
tary court that could possibly be organized. To
suppose otherwise is, in my judgment, to do the
■ President elect most serious injustice; and tne very
suggestion, from so distinguished a quarter, of
sucn an abuse of power being even possible,^*
calculated to awaken painful apprehensions m tne
' minds of his fellow-citizens generally.
Mr, President, 1 have just now incidentally re-
1 ferred to the amendment intended to be proposed
by the honorable Senator from Massachusetts, and
perhaps it is but just to lum that I should notice
! that amendment somewhat more particularly. _
The first feature of this amendment upon which
' I shall remark, is one that authorizes the President
j "to hold possession of, and to occupy the Territo-
ries" of California and New Mexico. Now, sir,
I hold this provision to be entirely unnecessary. •
We are already in actual and constitutional pos^
session of these Territories, and the President of
the United States is fully authorized to hold pos-
session of them, and will do.ubtless continue to do
so without any additional power being given to
him for this purpose.
Again: the honorable Senator's amendment
authorizes the President "to employ such parts of
the-army and navy of the United States as he may
deem necessary," "in order to maintain the au-
thority of the United States, and preserve peacex
and order in said Territories." Now, this strikes
me as being equally unnecessary with that portion
of the amendment already noticed. The President
of the United States has the unqestionable power
to employ such parts of the army and navy of the
United States as he deems necessary for the pur-
pose of maintaining us in possession of our lately
acquired Territories, and for the preservation of
order therein, and stands in need of no special
legislative enactment to enlarge his powers for
these purposes.
But there is another part of the honorable Sen-
ator's amendment to which I entertain most se-
rious objection; and if it should become necessary
hereafter, I shall state that objection more at large
than I feel authorized to do at present. The por-
tion of the amendment to which I have alluded is
that which proposes to retain the existing laws of
California and New Mexico in force "until the
' expiration of the next session of Congress, unless
' Congress shall sooner provide for the government
* of said Territories, "and which provides further,
"that the civil and judicial authorities exercised
{in said Territories shall be vested in and exer-
c cised by such person or persons as the President
' of the United States shall appoint and direct, to
' the end that the inhabitants of said Territories
' may be protected in the full and free enjoyment
' of their liberty, property, and religion." What
is meant by this, Mr. President? Does the hon-
I; orable Senator desire to retain in existence all the
old Spanish and Mexican laws now existing in
California and New Mexico—laws derived origin-
ally from the imperial power of Rome—adulter-
ated in Spain—still more adulterated in Mexico-
deformed by usages semi-barbarous and unreason-
able—laws to which the trial by jury is unknown,
and from the administration of which nothing even
approaching that renned and perfect justice secured
by the revered principles of the common law can
ever be expected to arise?
But what are we, to say to that part of this ex-
traordinaryamendmen^alreadycitedjoftheiearned
Senator from Massachusetts, in accordance with
which " the civil and judicial authorities heretofore.
exercised in said territories are to be vested in and
exercised by such persons as the President of the
United States may appoint?" This word " here-
tofore," sir, is a very comprehensive term. In its
common acceptation it seems to me to apply to all
antecedent time; so that if we should adopt this
part of the honorable" Senator's amendment, we
should provide for the exercise of every species of
civil and judicial authority at any time heretofore
exercised in any part of California and New Mex-
ico. Whether this would be likely to bring upon
the inhabitants the severities of the inquisition, as
formerly existing in Spain, and enforced by blood
and fire in Mexico; whether the ecclesiastical tri-
bunals of the Roman Catholic Church, known to
have had former existence in Mexico, and which
are, perhaps, not yet discontinued, and whose au-
thority was derived directly from the Pope vfitoine,
were designed to be kept in continued existence,
or to be reestablished by the agency of a solemn
act of Congress, remains yet to be explained by
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts when
he shall choose to explain this perplexing topic.
Mr. President, I beg leave now to submit a few
remarks in special response to the honorable Sen-
ator from New Jersey. That gentleman objects
very strenuously to the introduction of ccrtaiii
words in the first and second lines of the amend-
ment of the honorable Senator from Wisconsin.
These words ate, " the Constitution of tne United
States.The Senator fiom Now .Kisev contends
th.\t it is not possible that the Constitution of the
United States can be made to expend beyond the
limits of the States of this Confederacy, and oper-
