s m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 23,
30th Cctng 2i> Sess.
New Mexico mid California—Mr. Foote.
Senate.
ate with validity and binding force in the territo-
ries of'the Union. He contends that the treaty
with Mexico did not < arry the Constitution of the
United States into California and New Mexico;
and, In addition, he insists that it is not in the
power of an act of Congress now to effect that ob-
ject". Well, sir, this is certainly not a new idea
with the honorable Senator from New Jersey. I
have heard it several times expressed before, and
by very sensible men; but never certainly without
a sentiment of unaffected astonishment. The Con-
stitution of the United States, the laws and treaties
made in conformity therewith,constitute " the su-
preme law of the land." What land, Mr. Presi-
dent ? There is but one answer which can be given
But, Mr. President, if the Constitution of the
United States was not carried into California and
New Mexico by theMcxican treaty, propria vigore,
if that sacred instrument is at all worthy of the
respect awarded to it by the free citizens of this
Republic and all the civilized nations of earth, and
any constitutional means exist by which it may
be yet carried thither, and alt its noble influences
be put ill action for the safety and happiness of
our brethren along the golden shores of the Pacific,
then assuredly those means should not remain
much longer unemployed. How is this to be
effected ? In order to elucidate the point now sag-
igested, permit me to piopound n question to the
| honorable Senator from New Jersey. The State
to this question, and that is, the. territorial surface of [: of Louisiana was obtained from France by treaty;
iftis Republic. The Constitution, and treaties and
laws made under its authority, and in accordance
with its provisions, are the supreme Jaw of the
land—the whole land, fiom the Pacific to the At-
lantic—from our nothern to our southern—from
our eastern to our western boundary. The whole
territorial surface embraced within these limits con-
stitutes our land; is occupied by our nation—our
whole nation—States and territories included; and
that wrhich is the supreme law of one portion of
this vast Repubhc is the supreme law of all por-
tions of it. A part of the supreme law—to wit,
the ratified treaty with Mexico—has entered the
territories of California and New Mexico—has
entered these territories under the authority of the
Constitution, and without that authority could not
have entered them at ail, or have had the least valid
and operative effect therein; and yet learned gen-
tlemen contend that though the treaty is in force in
these territories, the Constitution of the Republic
is not entitled to claim the least respect from those
who dwell therein.
Again, sir, the President of the United States
has no power except that which he derives from
the Constitution. As commander-in-chief of the
army and navy of the Union, he must have au-
thority to control all our military force which may
■be stationed in portions of the national territory
not included within the limits of any of the States
of the Confederacy. Can he exercise this author-
ity, thus derived from the Constitution, within the
territories, without the Constitution itself being
attendant upon him in this exercise of power, and
operating with restraining influence upon all the sub
ordmateagencies which he may be compelled to cm-
ploy in the performance of this constitutional duty ?
Again, sir, Congress is authorized by the Con-
stitution to vest the appointment of inferior ofliceis
in the President. Suppose this inve&tituie actually
to occur, as proposed in each of the various amend- ;
raents befoie us; suppose, also, the President to \
have made this appointment of inferior officers, I
thus under the authority of the Constitution— I
officers not only appointed by him, but necessarily
responsible to him under the Constitution—officeis
subject to displacement by him for official maicon-
duct—officers, a supervision of whom he is bound
by the Constitution itself efficiently to exercise, 
will any reasonable man contend that ail this su-
pervision can be exercised, tins displacement occur,
these subordinate officers be restrained within the
sphere of their duty by the President, under the
authority of the Constitution, without the Consti-
tution itself being able to make the least lodgment
•within the territorial area wherein these proceed-
ings are to take place? Again, it is provided by
the Constitution of the United States, that all trial .
of criminal offences shall be by jury. If the Con- :
stifufion of the United States has already entered 1
the territories of California and New Mexico, the
right of tnal by jury may be rightfully claimed by
all persons who may be charged with crime before '
any judicial tribunal; but if the Constirution of fjie
United States has not yet penetrated those regions
with all its solemn guarantees, then in vain'may '
the right of trial by jury be invoked by any indi-
vidual who may happen to be charged with acrim- '
inal offence in any part of California or New Mex-
ico. Can any rational man suppose that ourances-
tors, when solemnly and formally providing for the
establishment and handing down to the remotest
generations of their posteuty this precious ri^ht
of trial by jury, designed it only for the lencfit'of
those of thur descendants who might change to
linger within the limits of the thirteen old States
of the republic? f
the Constitution of the United States, it is admit-
ted, is now in force in Louisiana, and in alt the
other States carved out of her original territory:
How did the Constitution of the United States find
its Vay to any and all of these Stales?
Mr. DAYTON. I will answer the question of
; the honorable Senator with great pleasure. The
j Constitution gained footing in those States by the
1 act of admitting them into the Confederacy.
Mr. FOOTE lesumed. Such, i thought, Mr.
President, would be the response of the honorable
Senator*, .and this is, in fact, the only response
which can possibly be given to the interrogatory
propounded; and now u appears, from the admis-
sion of the honorable Senator, that it is competent
for an act of Congress to extend the Constitution
of the Union w"here it was not anciently known,
nor had,any authonty whatever. At least such j
I is the deduction I draw from the answer of the \
honorable Senator. Certain it is that the Consu-
j tution was carried into Louisiana either by the
treaty itself,,which'secuied that legion to us, or it
■ was afterwards transported thither by an act of
[ Co ngress. Then, sir, applying these remarks to
1 the case before us, either the Constitution entered
i California and New Mexico with the treaty of : 
to suppose that California arid New Mexico are
wholly unsuited to the domestic institutions of the
South, and that, even were a law of Congress to
be passed to allow the southern slaveholders logo
with their slaves into these territories, there are
invincible natural obstacles connected with soil anil
climate which would effectually prevent the long-*""
continued existence therein of our southern sys-
tem of domestic labor. I know-, sir, that the hon-
orable Senator has high authority—yes, sir, even
high Democratic authority—in support of this
opinion of bis. I am aware that seveial of our
most distinguished Democratic statesmen, both of
the North and South, have some time since de-
claied that, in their judgment, the difficulty con-
nected with the establishment and maintenance of
our southern domestic institutions in California and
New Mexico amounted to a moral impossibility.
If this view of the subject be correct, then there is
obviously no necessity for a law prohibiting its
introduction; and especially is there no necessity
for such a law if slavery is already excluded by
existing municipal arrangements; and, if such a
prohibitory enactment be sull insisted upon, it can
only be done for the purpose of inflicting gratui-
tous insult.
But I feel authorized to insist that late develop-
ments in those tenitor.es have, to a great extent,
removed the foundation upon which this opinion
rested. No one acquainted with the vast mineral
resources of California and New Mexico, and who
is aware also of the peculiar adaptedness of slave
labor to the development of mineral treasures, can
doubt for a moment, that were slaves introduced,
into California and New Mexico for the purpose
of being employed in the mining operations there
in progress, and hereafter perhaps to be carried on
to an extent conjectured of by few, their labor
would result in the acquisition of pecuniary profits
not heietufoie realized by the most successful cot-
ton and sugar planters of the countiy. And yet,
r, though all this is unquestionably and demon-
from ownets of slaves in the South for such a Con-
gressional enactment in their favor as might enable
February, or it is competent for us to extend it ;! strably true, has any one heard of an application
i thither by special legislation, at the present time. " " ' - . ~ . ~
' It is clearly incumbent on the Senator, and others !
! who concur with him in opinion, to show that [j them to carry their staves to this modern K\ Dorado,
j the Constitution cannot be extended beyond the!: (where such extraoidsnary profits are awaiting and
, limits of the existing States of the Union by a ■ inviting them thitherward,) free from the serious
, congressional enactment establishing a territonal {} perils which we ail know and feel to be connected
government, as easily and as effectually as by the
j agcncy of a law admitting a State into the Union.
! The honorable Senator from New Jersey will not
I contend, 1 believe, that Congress has not as much
j power to establish a territorial government as to
M authorize the establishment of a State government,
and to admit the newly-formed State into the Con-
j federacy.
, But, Mr. President, I was both amused and sur-
] prised in no small degree at hearing the honoiable
j Senator from New Jersey, in replying to questions
! piopounded to him whilst addressing the Senate,
| declare that he did not object to the Constitution
of the United States being extended to California
with such a movement at the present moment?
Has the South asked for a law excluding northern
competition in the digging of the gold mines of
Cahf'oinia-and New Mexico? Has any southern
man, either here or elsewhere, invoked the protec-
tion of a special act of Congress for southern labor
transported to these distant regions? Have we
asked for anything but that we should not be ex-
cluded, by unjust and unconstitutional Congres-
sional legislation, from the enjoyment of that abso-
j! lute equality of rights and privileges secured by
I; the institutions of our forefathers to ail then de-
! scendaats, whether residing in the northern, sjuth-
i em, the eastern, or the western sections of this
■ and JN'ew Mexico because he was of opinion that j! Union? Have we gone further than simply to
thereoythe introduction of the domestic slavery of j| desire that ournoithern brethren shoukl not inter-
the houth would be authorized. Then why does
the Senator object, if the thing be practicable, to
the Constitution being thus extended ? Surely he
is not influenced by a mere abstract hatred of the
j| Constitution itself, in consequence of which he is
J solicitous to shield the inhabitants from those mis-
;! chiefs which he supposes must be inevitably en-
'! gendeied by that instrument, if it shall once be
[ permitted to find establishment in that distant cor-
ner of our Confederacy.
i Mr. President, the honorable Senator from New
; Jersey, in the couise of that very extraordinary
( speech with which he has honored the Senate this
morning, expressed various opinions to which I
, can by no means subscribe. 1 shall not examine
; them all, nor do I deem it necessary, forany of the
legitimate purposes of parliamentary debote, that
they should all of them be made the subject of 1
special comment; but one or two of those opinions,
announced in our hearing with such unusual em-
phasis, and in a tone and mannerso wanting, as it
! fere with us; that they should cease to annoy our
■i sensibilities, mortify our piide of character, and
j struggle to deprne us of our undoubted rights
i under the Constitution of the Republic, to migrate
| to any part of the Conftdeiacy with our families
and our effects, there fo dwell peacefully and safely
; under the protective influence of the supreme law
; of the nation ? Can any northern Senator dsspas-
- sionately weigh the cncum&ttxnccs which 1 have
i just parsed in review befoie the Senate, and fail to
: be struck with the extraordinary moderation and
; forbearance exhibited throughout the South at this
solemn junctuie? Sir, theie is but one sentiment
in the wnole South upon this subject. We ask for
no peculiar favors at the hands of Congress; we
crave no partial legislation in behalf of our most
vital intciesls; wc claim no doubtful right under
the fundamental law of the nation; we would scorn
to receive any benefit at the hands of Congress in
which our northern brethren, might not equally
participate. Wa, sir, we are as repugnant to the
icception of unoonstitutionnl advantages, bestowed
appears to me, in that courtesy and kind feeling , ,wlij,u „
\vhi- ii we had a rightto expect from the honoiable upon us m the form of a Congressional enactment,
rn? 01 Yom ^ew Jersey, I feel bound, as con- . as we are firmly resolved never to submit patiently
cise y and as dispassionately as circumstances will to unjust encroachments, nor remain quiet and
admit, to bring again to the notice of the Senate. / unresisting under acts of palpable aggression and
Ihe honorable Senator from New Jersey seems ! outrageous usurpation.
