1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE1.
263
.30th Cong 2d Sess.
New Mexico and California—Mr. Foote.
Senate.
Sir, the honorable Senator from New Jersey
has, with great appearance of deliberation, under-
taken to-day to prosecute a foray against the south-
ern States generally, and their domestic institu-
tions, which I hold to have been equally gratuitous,
unjust, unparliamentary, and in every way unbe-
coming. But for the high character of that Sen-
ator, and the cordial esteem which I have hereto-
fore cherished for him, I should be tempted to
retaliate his unprovoked invective and declamatory
fui y, in language that would be anything but agree-
able to his feelings. As it is, i cannot forbear
admonishing that Senator, if he wishes to preserve
kind social relations with southern Senators here,
it will be expedient that he shall hereafter avoid
the repetition of much of that offensive language and
sentiment which have flowed from his hps to-day.
What right, Mr. President, has the honorable
Senator from New Jersey to taunt us, as he has
done, in reference to the exposed and feeble condi-
tion of the South, incapable, as he appears to sup-
pose, of effectually defending herself against north-
ern hostility? What right has he to conjure up
before us the ghost of nullification to fright us from
our propriety r What right has he to accuse us of i
being enemies of the Union, faction is ts m spirit,
secessionists in principle? Who gave the honor-
able Senator from New Jersey authority to refer
so contemptuously to the sovereign State of Geor-
gia as he has done, in connection with the most;
glorious event of her history? How did it become
at all necessary for the honorable Senator from
New Jersey to propound that strange and insulting
question of his, "Will the South, like Georgia,
stand to her arms?" Does he know of any seces- \
sionists, in the odious sense which he obviously ;
affixes to that term, to be found in all the South?
Has he ever heard of a combined movement in any
part of the South for the dissolution of our glorious
Union? Has he any ground to suspect a traitor-
ous conspiracy in any corner of the South against
the constitutional rights of our northern brethren?
Does he know of any hostile movement having
ever occurred in any southern neighborhood against
northern men or their rights? Has he become in-
formed of any attempt having been made in any
part of the^outh, at any time, to disturb the do-
mestic security of our northern brethren, or even
to inflict a wound upon their sensibilities by fac-
tious and impertinent intermeddling with their
domestic concerns? Has he ever seen a southern
newspaper, published in either city or village,
where southern men were expected to be its prin-
cipal readers, m the columns of which northern
institutions weie fiercely attacked, and northern
men subjected to wholesale crimination and abuse?
And now, sir, let me ask the honorable Senator,
since he has so unnecessarily alluded to secession
in connection with the coursc of conduct of south-
ern men at this period, whether he at all doubts,
as a constitutional lawyer, that the soveieign States
of this Union have a right to secede from the Con-
federacy in order to avoid intolerable oppression,
whether perpetiated with or without a violation of
mere constitutional forms?
Mr. DAYTON did not like to be misunderstood
as to his legal opinions. He therefore begged to
declare, that what he intended to say was, that
there was no constitutional right of secession ap-
pertaining to the Stales of the Union-, a State can-
not secede by the authority of the Constitution.
Mr. FOOTE. Well, sir, I shall not contest this
point at the present moment. The honorable gen-
tleman, I presume, recollects that tn&t enlightened
statesman and profound jurist, Philip P. Baibour,
of Virginia, who was as adverse to nullification as
General Jackson himself, did not hesitate to declare,
in a solemn and foinial letter, published at the time
in all the leading newspapeis of the country, the
opinion that recession was a constitutional remedy,
emphatically denominated by him <*:the political
arsenic of our system,'1 to be resorted to m any
case of oppression grown " intolerable." Thomas
JefTeison was well known to have recognized the
same icmedy under the significant name, of " scis-
sionand even Andrew Jackson, whose partiality
for the nullifying doctrines has never yet been
suspected, and from whose hps, whilst in the very
bosom of New England, that sublime declaration
emanated, " the Union muvi be preserved,"'asserted
in his well-known proclamation the revolutionary
right of secession.
Certain it is, Mr. President, that the spirit of
disunion has never extensively pervaded the south-
ern States of the Confederacy. The day is far
distant, I trust, when such scenes as have had their
progress at different periods in some of the States
of New England will be exhibited in any southern
State. The Senator from New Jersey seems to be
somewhat forgetfulof several well-known incidents
in the history of certain free States of the North.
1 am positively assured, by persons whom I pre-
sume to be weli-inforflied on the subject, that the
city of Hartford is one of the principal cities of
one of the oldest New England States. We all
know that it was in the heart of that city that the
first organized effort was ever made to dissolve the
Union. The first formal declaration ever enunci-
ated in any part of the "Confederacy broke forth
from the lips of those dark conspirators whp met
in Pandemonian conclave, in the renowned city of
Hartford, for the purpose of giving practical effect
to this doctrine of'secession, and bringing about,
by treasonable means, a union between the New
England States and the British provinces in North
America. Yes, sir, this notable scheme had been
already in part matured; seveial important incip-
i| ient steps in the progress of its execution had been ;
ij taken; when a patriotic statesman of New Eng-
! land, now in the grave, proceeded to Thomas
Jefferson, then President of the United States, and
made such a timely disclosure of particulars as
enabled that patriotic son of the South to arrange
J for the eventual counteraction of this wicked pro-
i ject—a project which would otherwise, as wenow
! have reason to believe, from the publication of the
! proceedings at Hartford since made, have most
| probably resulted in the disruption of those poht-
I ical ties which bind the sovereign States of the
Union together as one great nation. The begin-
! nmg, progress, and close of these scenes were
| all, doubtless, long anterior to the entrance of
my friend from New Jersey into public life, and
therefore he is in some degree excusable fui not
holding them in vivid remembrance. But I confess
that i cannot conceive how it was possible for my
honorable friend to have shown himself so ob-
livious or indifferent to proceedings of a smilar
character, of recent occurrence, in several of the
most populous cities of New England, and which
have been marked by a spirit of audacious effront-
ery and factious impudence, without precedent or
parallel in the annals of civilized men. Why, sir,
if I am correctly informed, a conventional assem-
blage has actually occurred oflate, in the renowned
city of Boston itself, not many steps from the
sacred portals of Faneuii Hall, whose avowed ob-
ject was to dissolve the Union, and, by means of
'such dissolution, to accomplish, what they sup-
posed to be unattainable whilst the Constitution of
our fathers shall exist—the universal emancipa-
tion of all the black race of this contmeut. In this
convention, I am free to confess, appeared schol-
ars, men of science, renowned ministers of the
gospel, distinguished speakers and writers, to-
gether with a vast multitude of the rabble fac-
tionists of populous commercial towns, whose
daily food is agitation, and who breathe alone the
pestilential vapois of demoniac conspiracy. These
men adopted resolutions, published speeches, and
actually sent forth a huge volume containing their
peculiar creed and doctrine, which, but for the
high respect I feel for the freedom and dignity
of the press, I should pronounce worthy to be
burnt bv the common hangman in the streets,
in accordance with transatlantic usage m such
cases. And all this has occurred without calling
forth the censures of the honorable Senator from
New Jersey, provoking his condemnation, or
commanding c\en from him the respectful notice
of a passing .glance. Similar pioceedmgs have
occurrcd m other States in New England, m cities,
villages, and retired country places. Southern
mcn°heie have not complained of them. South-
ern men are, in fact, contemptuously indillerent
to all such movements; and yet the honorable
. Senator from New Jersey has not hesitated to
rise in his placc in the Senate and pour forth
those plenteous streams of the zplendula bihs\\luch
have been just now seen to deluge the hall oi the
Senate, on account of what he undertakes to sug-
gest (without the least foundation in point oi met)
as to certain movements m the South which ho
supposes to have a tendency to secession. We
all recollect, I presume, the old adage, that charity
begins at home; and some of us have heard of the
modern addition to it, which makes it to declare
that, though charity does, in truth, begin at home,
it should not end there too. Now, sir, the chari-
table commiseration of the honorable Senator
from New Jersey seems to have no domestic hab-
itation or name; it is a wanderer over the face of
the earth, and its activity is exclusively confined
to remote parts of the globe. 1 commend the hon-
orable Senator to provide for his own household ere
he ventures to take another philanthropic excur-
sion to the sunny plains of the South. *
Mr. President, the honorable Senator from New-
Jersey has, very unnecessarily, as I conceive, gone
out of his way to inform the Senate and the coun-
try that the good people of New England are very
much given to hospitality, and are rigidly observ-
ant of all the usages so advantageous and orna-
mental to social life. Pie assures us that southern
gentlemen of a certain grade and quality are very
cprdially received wherever they may happen to
travel in any part of the northern States of the
Confederacy. Well, sir, all this I, for one, knew
quite well before. No person, I am sure, who has
ever sojourned m one of our northern or eastern
| cities, for even a few days, whose standing and
character entitled him to civil and hospitable treat-
; ment, has had reason to regard himself as neglected
by its polite inhabitants, still less has he had rea-
son to feel himself to be the recipient of rudeness
and insult. But I must assure my honorable friend
from New Jersey that there is no State in the
southern part of the confederacy where hospitality
i does not equally abound, where respectable stran-
! gers are not received with equal cordiality., and
I where the sons and daughters of New England,
! provided they are meritorious, are not as kindly
: welcomed; yea, sir, and taken by the hand too,
• and led forward to honor and to wealth, if they
! choose to seek these objects among our generous#-
j hearted people,andarewilhngto employ the proper
! means of procuring fortune and advancement. It
! was precisely on yesterday, sir, that a venerable
1 Senator from New England made application to
! me (I hope I may mention the case without any
] indelicacy) in behalf of a young lady from his own
: State and neighborhood, whom he described as
| possessed of high accomplishments and great moral
5 worth, and as desiring to be employed in the South.
as a teacher. lie knows well how promptly I met
ij his application—how unhesitatingly I proffered my
:j poor services to facilitate theaccomplishmentof his
j! wishes,and in what strong language he was pleased
'i to speak of my readiness to gratify his desire.
J Why, sir, in the southern States generally, and in
'■ the southwestern States particularly, our school
! houses and colleges, our legislative halls, and our
i judicial tribunals, have been often occupied by the
i adventurous sons of the North, who come among
I us and claim our sympathetic regard, our confi-
; dcnce, and our support for public station, and have
! their desires gratified almost as soon as they are
expressed. Let not the honorable Senator from
I New Jersey think, either, that the people of the
j South estimate the whole population of the free
! States of the North according to the samples which
accident or crime sometimes send among us. Let
i him not so greatly err as to imagine that we are
j disposed to condemn the whole Morih on account
I of the unworthy, or it may be the mischievous,
! conduct of a comparatively small number of her
i sons, either in Congress or at home. We well
; know that human society, m its best forms, is of
a mixed chaiactcr; that there are bad men every-
where, as well as good men; that in New England
theic are patriots, statesmen, .orators, classical
writers, true philanthropists, genuine Christians,
: without number—whilst there are also ruffians,
i fanatics, hypocrites, pseudo-philanthropists, dem-
■ a°x)gues, bawling factionists—seditious, lawless,
. and corrupt wretches, whose every day of life de-
; tracts seriously from the true dignity of man as a
' moral and intellectual being. No, sir; whilst cer-
' tain distinguished sons of New England, now in
■ my eye, and whose names it wouid^ be quite easy
I to spccify, continue to adorn the national councils,
' and to lernind us by their presence of the great and
1 aood men who flourished in former (Jays, we shall
not commit so e^icgious a olutider as to take it
I for granted that "the whole jNorth is full of sucli
i men as we have sometimes seen emerging from her
