264
appendix to THjE congressional globe.
[Feb. 23*
-30th Cong 2d Sf.ss.
New Mexico and California—Mr. Alherton.
Sena
te.
confines, anil attaining (it may be by trickery and j was one of that glprious southern Convention, the
deception) a place in the most illustrious body ot j members of which dared, in spite of maledictions.
lawgivers known to the civilized world.
Mr. President, the honorable Senator from New
Jersey permitted several allusions to drop from his
lips which have induced me to suppose that he
designed to reflect somewhat upon the proceedings
of a body which lately assembled in this city,
called the Southern Convention. Nov/, Mr. Pres- _
ident, -though i can declare without affectation ]
that I regard myself as among the humblest of j
those who participated in the deliberations of that j
august assembly, yet, as I had a very particular I
connexion with that body, and have been made,
from accidental circumstances,jmore the subject ot :
coarse denunciation and ruffianly ridicule than any j
other-member of the convention, I beg leave to
avow Tny whole responsibility in this affair, and
to claim all the discredit to which the public may
misrepresentations, and ndicuie, to perform a high
and sacred duty to their constituents and country,
by which those constituents and that country have
been, in all probabihty. both rescued from dangers
which could not have been effectually warded off
save by the means so providently adopted and so
fearlessly put in exercise?
And now, Mr. President, I have only a few
words to offer in addition, touching the amend-
ment of the honorable Senator from Wisconsin.
Let me say of that Senator and his amendment
what I think and feel most profoundly and sin-
cerely. Sir, in the peculiar position occupied by
that Senator, under all the circumstances which
surround us at the present time, it required the
highest moral courage to originate such a propo-
j sition as that which is before us. It demanded
judge me entitled by reason of my acts. 1 avow, much boldness, the exercise of a solid judgment,
then, sir, (as I find I am charged in various news- |j and no little shrewdness in the-compiehension of
papers with doing,) that 1 did, in conjunction with j! men and things, to mature such a project, and
a worthy friend of mine, (also a member of this ji bring it forward before the Senate and the country
body,) enter the hall of Representatives in- order i! under circumstances apparently so auspicious. If
to summon the southern members of that body to j I do not greatly deceive myself, this amendment
. i * _ il*— . I   I     * ia * / l\u (Unf tUfl I tin!) li A/1A tvi A lU A lour A f ttl A IQ W/t • O /t 1 P if
meet in this chamber at night, (for that was the
only time when.such a meeting could be possibly
held,) for the purpose of taking into grave consid- 1
eration the various aggressions upon out rights
■which' had been perpetrated, or were in a course
of being perpetrated, ny wicked and unscrupulous
men, and for the counteraction of which it was ob- '
vious that the most prompt and vigorous measures
Were necessary. Yes, sir, I did perform this sub-
ordinate ministerial pait of summoning the south-
ern members of the House of Representatives. 1
summoned Whigs and I summoned Democrats.
I myself summoned, directly or indirectly, the rep-
resentatives of nine of the sovereigfi States of the
Union. Moreover, I talked freely with those whose
presence I requested, in explanation of the objects '
of the contemplated meeting. I could confidently 1
will shortly become the law of the land; "and if it
should, the honorable Senator from Wisconsin1,
young as he is, and comparatively inexperienced
in the business of national legislation, will have a
right to claim rank among the most renowned
statesmen of the Republic, and his name will be
associated in all coming time with the names of
those who have been able in their day and gen-
eration to earn, by acts of high public benefaction,
a solid and enduring fame, and a popularity both
extended and lasting.
Mr. WALKER, i desire to submit a few re-
marks, and I hope to be able to say what little I
shall have to say in relation to this subject, with-
out detaining the Senate very long; but, as it is
! now a late hour, I rise for the purpose of moving
appeal to them, and each of them, whether, in all X I an adjournment. 1 desire an opportunity of ex-
said to them, 1 hinted at disunion. Well, sir, that Lj pressing my views in relation to the scope and
convention assembled. Much debate occurred, and
miSch division sprang up chiefly on minor points,
such as the time most proper for dccided action
against our adversaries, and the mode in which
sych action should take place. I maintain (and
defy contradiction) that there was not a single sen-
timent uttered in that body that, fairly and dis-
passionately considered, if made known to the
tendency of the amendment that I have offered,
and I would like to have the opportunity of doing*
so when all the Senators are present.
Mr. ATHERTON. I wish merely to say, that
I conceive that the reason's which operated with
Senators to induce them to offer these amendments
to this appropriation bill have now ceased; be-
cause, as suggested by the Senator frfim Massa-
world, could bring the least discredit upon the jt chusetts, there is a bill from the House to which
utterer or the assembly in which it was announced, jj these amendments are appropriate, to which they
An address was sent forth to the people of the j! are germane and proper. I hope, therefore, that
South, every statement of which is true beyond j1 Senators will withdraw their amendments, and
contiadiction—every argument of which is oi'nie- ! allow us to proceed with the civil and diplomatic
sistible cogency—every sentence and line of which jj bill, which we have almost lost sight of altogether,
is marked with high-toned patriotism and devout j] The bill from the House, to which I refer, is a bill
regard for the Union. This address, sir, was sub- ! to establish a collection district in California, and
scribed by a large number of the southern mem- j; these amendments wiil be perfectly germane to that
bers of Congress present. It was not subscribed, !i lull. I therefore hope that they will be withdrawn
for different reasons, by others, whose refusal to1' from this bill, and reserved until the other bill
subscribe it is, I hope, capable of satisfactory ex- i "comes up for consideration, and that tlie appropu-
planation to their respective constituents, i feel!' ation bill will be proceeded with and finished.
bound to go further, and say that there are among
those who thought it not politic, under all the cir-
cumstances of the case, to subscribe the address,
as preliminary to its publication, some of the most
worthy men and unquestioned patriots to be found
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 hope the amendments will
not be withdrawn, and I hope they will not be
offered as amendments to the bill coming from the
House for the establishment of a collection district
in California. That bill has passed the House,
'he Union. And now, sir, the address has gone !j and i think we had better pass it here. We had
forth it has performed its high office. The South > better secure it now {hat we have got it, and not
js roused up to a circumspect and scrutinizing sur- | send it bock to the House amended. And we had
vey of all the dangers which threaten her present jj better give to the people of California as much lav/
peace and future safely. Our enemies stand para- as we can in the bill that is now before us. if the
lyzed oy the moral energy so suddenly and so , chairman of the Finance Committee would consent
imposingly displayed by southern Senators and to lay aside this bill until we can perfect some bill
Representatives, and the contemporaneous legisla- ; for the government of California, I would be con-
tive^resolves of neariy ail the southern 8ta[es of tent; but, if we cannot get up our bill, I wish to
amend this, so that we may, at all events, furnish
protection to the people of California. It is imma-
terial to rne in what bill the necessary provisions
' are contained, so that we make provision for the
protection of life and property in California.
J\ir. DIX. I hope the suggestion of the Senator
from JStw Hampshire wilt, prevail. The Senator
; from Illinois seeing to suppose that we may take
up the bill from the House and pass it. That bill
the Confederacy. At least there is some prospect
of pacification, of compromise, of the final settle-
ment of the most distracting and dangerous ques-
tion which has been agitated in our times. Dark-
ness is fleeing away, and light is beginning to
beam upon us. Who shall dare to denounce those
who met in that convection as traitors to the Con-
stitution and the Union? Who shall presu,me to
arraign now the sound intentions of that nohle
tl°f n^ther?ugenUe,?en and l,atr,ots? Who : been referred to the Committee on Commerce,*
T? rS0 .frate™al,y cooperated for j and, from the cursory examination which I have
southern lfonor w;fl ivo"0" ofs,ou,thern r,«h{f a?d ' it, I apprehend that we shall be obliged to
nor will ever cease to be proud-that hemake someamendmenttoit,and that it must neces-
! sarily go back to the House, so that there can be no
| objection on that score to .attaching the amend-
! ments in relation to a government in California to
j that bill.
I Mr. HALE moved that the Senate adjourn,
j The motion was negatived on a division; Ayes
i 17, noes 23.
j Mr. BREESE. I wish my colleague would
move to lay the appropriation bill on the table, in
order that he may call up his lull; for 1 agree with
him in the view he has presented, that it is of great
importance that some measure in relation to a gov-
ernment in California should be passed,and I have
no doubt the Senate will agree to take up the bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. With the consent of the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance; 1 will make
that motion; but, unless J have his consent, I shall
be reluctant to do so.
Mr. ATHERTON. It is suggested that the
appropriation bill can be passed at any moment.
That is a very great mistake. It requires consid-
erable time for the engrossing of the amendments
and the enrolment of the bill. There are many
amendments that have been already made. The
bill must go to the House, and it will take the
House some time to examine these amendments.
I conceive that we cannot consistently lay aside
this bill in favor of any other. I hope that we shall
proceed with it. If Senators choose to persist in
their amendments, they can do so; but I* trust they
will see the propriety of withdrawing them. If the
discussion of the subject be renewed upon the bill
from the House, it will probably proceed until the
end of the session; and if the discussion is to go
on upon these amendments, I shall feel it my duty
ii to call up some of the other appropriation bills, so
that they may not be lost. I hope that the Senate
,! will now proceed to vote upon these amendments.
J I would be willing to sit here and listen to the re-
:! marks of the Senator from Wisconsin as long as
|j he might desire, were it not that the appropriation
!. bills are still unfinished.
j; Mr. BREESE. The chairman of the committee
j; on Finance must see that the progress of this bill
jj will be impeded by these amendments; and if he
|l brings up the other appropriation bills, the same
I amendments may be moved to those bills. He
h will not accomplish his purpose, then, as far as
I, results are concerned. But the Senator well knows
jj that the appropriation bills must pass; and, as far
Ij as the engrossing is concerned, that is a matter
II which can be accomplished ma very short time, and
will be no impediment to the passage of the bills,
even at the last moment. It wound be far better to-
lay this bill upon the table for the present, until
we dispose of the other subject.
Mr. ATHERTON. There is a bill now in the
possession of the Senate to which all these amend-
ments aie perfectly appropriate, and I ask the
Senator from Illinois why he will peisist in piess-.
ing these amendments into this bill, to which the
sense of the whole Senate declares they are jnap-
propnate? if the Senator expects me—although
I am as much in favor of providing a government
for California as any one—to vote for amendments
' that are inappropriate to this bill, he is mistaken.
I cannot do it consistently with a sense of duty;
i, and I know there are other Senators who will not,
jj however much they desire to give a government
11 to California. It is a dangerous precedent, and I
!j ask m what situation shall we be placed if the
:j amendment of the Senator from Wisconsin be
'l adopted, and the bill be sent to the House so
l! amended, and an amendment be made to it there
containing the Wilmot proviso, and it comes back
; to us thus amended—in what situation shall wc
find ourselves >
Mr. ATCHISON. What is the question before
the Senate ;
11 PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is upon
the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. ATCHISON. Then I call the Senator to
order for irrelevancy.
! Mr. DICKINSON. Believing that we sha'l not
take up another bill, and believing that \ve shall
riot take a vote upon the pending question at pres-
ent, and thus deprue the Senator from Wisconsin
of an opportunity of bring heard, let us pass u\er
j this amendment and proceed to the other parts of
1 the bill:
] Mr, KING. It is not necessary at all to pass
i over the amendment. The question can be taken,
