266.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GtOBE.
[Feb. 24,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
JSew Mexico and California—Mr. Walker.
Senate.
purpose, whether we organize a government or not,
I am, for one, unable to suggest a purpose for
which it should be done. Yes, sir, I doubt whether
there is one in this Senate who would feel it to be
otherwise than his duty, if it were practicable, to
organize a territorial government in form in those
territories. But when this is impracticable—when
time will riot permit, and when the peculiar state
of feeling here will not permit, the next best thing
. evidently becomes our duty; that is, to extend the
laws of the" country generally, and protect the in-
terests of the United States in its relations with
that-country, and the rights and interests of that
country and its people, so far as they stand in
connection with the General Government. If we
fail to do this, we have failed to do anything, and
calamity may succeed; and I ki*ow not who are to
be accountable for the succession of calamities
which will ensue, unless it be the Senate and House
of Representatives in Congress assembled. Upon
us, it seems to me, is properly to be visited the
odium attached to this neglect; and if visited upon
us, it occurs to me that it will be a difficult matter
to show an excuse which would offer anything to
palliate the offence in the estimation of the people
of. the country.
Usually, sir, these general laws of the United
States have been extended over Territories gradu-
ally; that is, when the population of the country
became such as to demand the use of the public
land, the land laws have been extended; when
there was a population which required and justi-
fied the services of the Post Office Department, the
post office law« have been extended; when it be-
came necessary, from the increasing commerce of
the country, to establish ports of entry, and extend
laws for the collection of revenue, the revenue laws
have been extended; and soon, giadually, step
by step, has the exercise of general jurisdiction by
the United* States been extended in all those re-
spects in which the interests of the country required
its exercise.
But what is the state of the case before us ? Let
me call the attention of the Senate to this state of
the case. Here we see a picture presented which
was never presented before; we see a country oc-
cupying a position which noneeveroccupied before
it. We are witnessing developments which are
new and unprecedented. Here we see interests
of the most momentous kind growing suddenly
into existence, and interests, too, which in their
tendency, since man first existed, have had the
effect more to excite the avarice and the baser pas-
sions of the human mind than any other. Then,
sir, what state of the case does this produce? Here
we see the lands brought in the most glitteiing
point of view before the eyes of the world, show-
ing the necessity of surveying them, and estab-
lishing land distncts and land offices (or their dis-
posal. From the immense quantitiesof the precious
metals which aie being fuund there, u commerce
unprecedented in the history of any new country
has sprung into existence. Sails are bespeckmg
the ocean from one extremity to the other, extend-
ing from the various points of departure to that of
debareation. A scene of the kind has never be-
fore been presented to the eyes of the American
people, or any other nation on the eai til. Here is
a commerce of the most important and dangerous
character, and of the most interesting character
from" the amount of its profits. Many are engaged
in it. From the destitute condition of the country,
all who are there are interested in it; thus beget-
ting ihe necessity for the extension of the revenue
laws over that country.
But, sir, the Senator from Massachusetts" told
us that the extension of these laws is useless. He
tells us that their opeiation will amount to nothing,
and that the step will beentirely nugatory; and he
gives us an instance—the case of Florida in 1822—■
and gives us the important information, that from
the time of the extension of the revenue laws to the
period of the organization of that Territory, there
was not one hundred dollars of revenue collected.
Sir, give to Florida the immense quantities of gold
that are cmbowcllcd in the mines of California—
give her the important ports that there exist—send
to her the mighty tideof population that-is rushing
to California—create in Florida the necessities
which are now existing there, and then ask that
Senator if the extension of the revenue laws" to
California is not important ? and if his mighty mind
and great sagacity do not suggest a different answer
"to that which he gave in the instance of Florida, I
shall feel much mistaken in my estimation of that
sagacity and magnitude of mind.
Sir, there is a necessity, if there ever was a ne-
cessity in any case, for the Government -of the
United States to extend her laws to California.
Upon tbe principle of extending her- revenue laws
to that country, let me here be distinctly under-
stood; for,even in advocating points of expediency
and policy, I wish to be sustained, if possible, in
consistency of principle. I may say that I am op-
posed to all systems of indirect taxation—to any
indirect system of revenue by the imposition of
duties on imports. But it now exists in the coun-
try. Every ship of every country on earth would
be directed to California, if the amount of com-
petition did not forbid it. And while every port
almost in the world is sending forth her manufac-
tures, productions, and fabrics, to be sold and dis-
posed of there, to come into competition with us—
while we have to make large expenditures for the
protection and (I hope) for the government of that
country, why should we deem it improper to ex-
tend this system there? Why will it be improper,
in a country where the importer finds jo rich and
valuable a market ? Why should he be exempted ?
I say, sir, that while this system does exist—while
levying imposts upon importations of foreign goods
is the practice of the country, I am decidedly in
favor of its extension to New Mexico and Cali-
fornia.
, Well, sir, this being the peculiar state of things
with regard to our land and revenue laws, let us
pass on to other points in which this territory is to
be viewed. Sir, we find here a more heterogene-
ous class of population than perhaps we ever
found, or shall ever find, congregated, during the
same space of time, in any region of the world.
Turn your eyes to Belgium: she is sending forth
her numbers. Direct your mind to Cornwall, and
you will find her miners leaving their native land
for this El Dorado of America. Look to any part
of Great Britain, and you will find the population
pouring itself out in vast numbers, their faces all
set towards the same point. Again, (urn your
eyes to Germany; and if reports give us anything
like the truth, the Germanic States are pouring
out their thousands. Turn to any part of the
world, and do you not find a restlessness perva-
ding the public mind upon the subject of these
gold mines? Yes, sir, there is something peculiar
in the interest which is felt, not only by our own
country, but other countries, in braving all hard-
ships, by sea and land, for the purpose of grasp-
: ing in a biief moment some portion of the vast
' wealth that is there being obtained from the land
< we have so lately acquit ed. In our own country,
I we have, perhaps, sent forth a great many of our
enterprising men to this seclion of the world. But
it is equally certain that many of our more vicious
have gone there. 1 am not disposed to say that
the population there, so suddenly congregated, is
more vicious than anywhere else. But, sir, that
there is vice stalking abroad—that there is danger
to the weak who aie subject to tile strong, the
vicious, and tyrannical, theie can be little doubt;
and that there is no law there adequate to protect
those who are unable to protect themselves, is and
must be indisputable. Then, sir, this is a state of
| things which renders, it very necessary indeed that
i steps extraordinary and commensurate with the
! emergency should be taken by us, for the purpose
j of accomplishing the end so uesirable.
Then, sir, what are the steps which ought to be
taken ? On this point, my views aie contrary to
the Senator from Massachusetts. My views are,
that the laws we extend there should be of the most
competent character which exist m our country;
J that we ought to extend those laws there which will
accomplish the end-—not merely pass a declaratory
act that the President himself shall hold possession,
for that he must do as it is; and let him neglect to
do it—let him fail to hold possession—let it go forth
to the nation that he has let that country slip from
his hands, while there is an American heart to bleed
oi life to expire, such a shriek of curses will go out
against him as never was, and I hope never will be,
heard m this land. I differ from the Senator from
Massachusetts, that it is necessary only to declare
it to be his duty to do this. In an emergency, the
I most strenuous measures and energetic steps must
be taken that possibly can be taken. It is possible
that the proposition 1 have offered might not have
been offered by mo if the President who was to
execute it had been one of the party to which I
belong. Delicacy might have forbidden it. But,
sir, I feel relieved when I can offer the execution
of these mighty, powers to a President who is not
of my party. The suspicion cannot rest upon me
and my efforts, that I am endeavoring to prejudice
the liberties of the country by placing in the hands
of my own party President either the sword or the
purse. 1 am gratified that our position is such, that
when we offer this great power and great patronage,
we are offering it to one whom the country has lately
honored for his bravery and deeds of arms—to
one who has manifested through life a deliberate
determination to discharge his duty with energy,
yet with forbearance and courtesy, in every position
in winch he has been called upon to act; and one
who entertains, at the samp, time, different political
principles, and belongs to a different political party,
from that to which 1 have the honor to belong.
Sir, if we can treat with indifference, even during
the short remainder of this session of Congress,
this important matter, it must be because too many
j have not looked at the state of things which exists;
I it must be that, so far from being lovers of tran-
! quillity, they are lovers of that excitement and that
I agitation which, if kept up, and if not checked by
| the good sense of the Amcncan people, must, ere
j long, so far produce alienation as to cause the de-
. parture of that spirit of peace, harmony, and
j brotherly love, upon which this Government ought
to be based, and upon which alone it can be based,
with success and hopes of prosperity. May the
time be far off, sir, when such an alienation of
feeling, such an end of all fraternal feeling, shall
be brought about! May the period be so far re-
mote that even the eye of expectation itself cannot
look to it, with any fear of its reaching us so long
as we exist, or so long as our appreciable posterity
! shall survive! Sir, there is a solemnity about it.
| Upon one side of this chamber we see that taken
j as insult which was never so intended, and which
I would not be taken as matter of offence by those
; whose minds had not been rendered morbidly sen-
i sitive by fearful forebodings that their rights were
I attacked and were in jeopardy. On the other, I
fear there is too much of a disposition to goad and
irritate—if not from a love of cruelty, irom too
little care for the feelings of others. Something
there is lurking in our midst to cause every Senator
to feel sad and solemn that such a thing does exist,
i and which ought to bring him to the solemn and
• firm resolve that, with the last breath of his life, he
1 will struggle with all his energies to eradicate this
state of feeling; that he will press on to the dis-
charge of his duty to himself, his neighbor, and
his country—to his country ill all its parts, whether
.North or South, East or West, near or remote.
Every one of us has constituents who have lately
gone to the distant region of wealth—to California.
Turn your eyes, sir, to the most distant portions
of the newly-settled regions of the West. The
man who lately made the echoing woods resound
to the strokes of his axe, has heard the tale of the
land <rf gold. He has bid faiewell to wife, chil-
dren, friends, and kindred: he has gone ! The
young ploughman, so lately whistling thiough the
furrowy task, has heaid the sound of gold: he,
too, has gathered up his little all, and with a "good
bye, mother-—sisters, farewell!" is gone too. He
has left the home of affection and kindred behind
him, and is now there. The mechanic, whose
stalwart arm so lately lent din to the busy scenes
of life, has gone likewise. Our neighbois and
friends have gone from every legion of the coun-
try, and from every rank, leaving behind them
those to whom they were bound by the chains of
aflection and of- kindred love. This human tide,
like the earthquake's wave, is oriv.ard and resist-
less. It cannot, it will not be stopped or delayed.
Every one of us lias had some cause for feeling
upon the subject. And if we would discharge our
duty towards those who have gone out from among
us, let us do it now, at the present session of Con-
giess, and not return to be greeted by the question,
Why have you left our fathers and brothers
unprotected, subject to the assassin's knife or
the murderer's pistol? Why have we needlessly
been doomed so soon to lose that which was so
dear to us—that which we cherished—which was
