1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26*7
30th Cong 2d Sess.
New Mexico and California—Mr. Walker.
Senate.
our support and protection—our companionship
through life? Sir, it seems to me that we ought
to be impressed with the duties now urged and
pressing upon us; that we ought to be ready to
come up at once to the manly performance of our
duty, in defiance of all that is said, or done, or
threatened, in either quarter of the Union, which
is likely to sever brother from brother. Let us
come forward like men, determined to do right, if
the heavens fall. Now, sir, what I propose shall
be done, is set forth in the amendment which I
have had the honor to offer to the Senate.
I wish very bnefly to allude to this amendment,
and to ask the attention of the Senate to its terms,
that they may perfectly understand what my
meaning is, and what the proposition is in all its
bearings, that, if I am incorrect, other gentlemen,
with their bettet* knowledge, experience, and sa-
gacity, may corrcct the errors into which 1 have
falleiir
" Sec Jin'I be it further enacted, That the Constitution
of the United States, arid all ami singular the several acts of
Congress resppetin;: the registeiing, recording, emolhng, or
licencing ships or vessels, and the entry ami clearance there-
of, arid the fureign and coasting irade and fisheries, and all
the at ts respecting the imposing and collecting of duties on
impoits, and all arts respecting" trade and intHrcOHrse with
the Indian tribes, and ail acts inspecting the public lands, or
the survey or sale thereof, and all andMngulai the other acts
of Congress of a public and general eharactei, and Ihe pro-
visions whereof are suitable and proper to be applied to Ihe
territory west of tile Rio del Norte, acquired troni Mexico by
the tieaty of the second dayef Fcbiuary, eighteen hundred
and fori",-eight, be. and tbe same are iieirby, extendf d over
and given, and made in full lorce and efficacy in all said ter-
ritory."
That is the first provision. Now, I have re-
marked that this general extension of the laws of
the United States over the territories has generally
taken place giaduaily, as the interests and neces-
sities of the country to which they were to be ex-
tended grew up. But, sir, under the peculiar state
of things here, it is proposed now, and in this man-
ner, (o extend them at once. Suppose, sir, that
w'e were to propose to carry this matter through a
series of yeais, should we not have the power to
do all that is proposed to be done now; Is there
anything to prevent our extending now, and at
once, the laws with regard to the "recording, regis-
tering, enrolling, or licensing ships or vessels, and
the entry and clearances thereof," over California?
Is there anythins to prevent our extending the
laws lelative to the " foreign and coasting trade
and fisheries" to that territory? Js there anything
to prevent our extending the laws " respecting the
public lands, or the sale and survey thereof?" Is
there anything to prevent the extension of the laws
" respecting the imposing and collecting of duties 1
on imports?" Is there anything to prevent our
extending any of these laws r Have we not, Here-
tofore, in other cases, extended all these laws,
though not all in one act? But, sir, under the
peculiar .state of this case, under the peculiar cir-
cumstances which suiuiund us, is it not expedient
for us at once to extend all these provisions over
that ten itory ? Are there no lands to be sold ? We
know that there are. Are there no inhabitants
whose necessities demand a commerce ? Have not
profits been made of unprecedented amount by im-
porters to that region? We Iwiow that there have
been, and will be, to the amount of millions incal-
culable. Why should we not, then, compel them
to conlribute something for the support of this
Government and of that' It may be said that the
poor settlers there will have to pay our imposts
indirectly. Si', if there is a countiy in the world
where duties may be indirectly imposed, without
betoming a burden upon the poor consumer, it is
California. Merchants there arg realizing 5U0 per
cent, profits upon their goods. Do you suppose
tlmt the amount of revenue levied there will make
any appreciable difference m their prices? Not at
all, sir. It is, of all the countries on earth, the
one wheie a revenue can be collected, and the set-
tler not feel it; for such trifles enter not into the
account in the prices fixed for articles by Lhe sales-
man. If duties are left uncollected, goods will not
be sold one penny cheaper; for it is the amount of 1
gold which regulates the prices current there, and ;
not the duty that is levied. The shawl that costs i
the importer fortv cents, and which he sells at $14,
cannot be enhanced in price by the imposition of a ;
lew cents duty. :
Then, sir, in another respect, my amendment ,
proposes to extend- the laws regulating our inter- I
course with the Indian tribes. Perhaps there has
never been a territory over which the jurisdiction
of the United States has been extended, m which
there'has existed so much necessity for the exten-
sion of our Indian relations as there is for their
extension over the country of which I am speak-
ing. Sir, this necessity not only exists, and results
from the great number of tribes oflndians there—
some of them savage tribes, some of them hostile
to each other—but if the Senate will beaYwith me,
I will suggest that it is imposed as a necessity, our
duty, by the solemn, unrepealable obligations of
the treaty into which we have entered with Mex-
ico itself. Sir, we have entered into obligations
with Mexico to protect her citizens against cap-
ture and imprisonment by the Indian tribes—to
reclaim and recover, and return to their own coun-
try, all such Mexicans as shall be captured by the
Indians. Whenever notice shall be given to us
that they have been captured and detained, we are
obliged to recapture these Mexican prisoners, and
return them to their own nation. We are to de-
vote the necessary money of the country—the
energies of the country—all the power of the Gov-
ernment of the United States, ll necessary, to the
accomplishment of this end. And yet it would
seem that the period, in the estimation of some
gentlemen, has not yet arrived when we shall take
the step necessary to the fulfillment of these treaty
obligations.
But to go on, sir, the amendment provides: '
"And the President of the United States be,and he there-
by, authoiized to prescribe and establish ail proper and need-
ful rules and regulations (m corifounily with theOonstituiion !
ot the United estates) lor the enforcement o; said Jaws in ;
said territoiy, and for the preseivanon ot order and Iran- !
quillity, and the establishment of justice tliciein, and Irom
tifiie 10 tune to modity or change the slid rules and regula-
tions in such manner as may seem to Imn discre-'t and
proper; and rna> prescribe and establwi, temporarily, such
divisions, districts, pnit^, ofbees, and ariciiigemeiils.'piopei
for the execution of said laws, and appoint and commission
such ofiieeis as may lie necessary to administer such laws,
in said teiutcny,liu sueli teini oi terms as he may prex-iibe.
whose authority shall continue until otherwise piovidcd by
Congi ess."
Sir, here is where the power is to be given—to
the President of the United States—to accomplish
the great end of preserving the peace and tranquil lay
of our countrymen and country. Now, if the
President of the United States, who is to execute
these laws, be himself a man whom the people
ought to have honored, and ought to have elected,
he is the very man who can execute, both meici-
fuliy and justly, the powers which are proposed
to be given him by this amendment. Sir, is there
any peace there ? No, sir; it lias taken wings and
flown. Is there any tranquillity there? if the
accounts be true, the very reverse is the case.
Personal struggle and conflict is almost continually
going on. Parties and individuals, armed ready
for the conflict, rush to it whenever they find that,
in their aggressive spirit, they are not permitted to
do as that spirit dictates. The weaker find them-
selves without the power to resist, and with nothing
to profect them. Jf rhey appeal to the laws of the
country, they are inadequate to the end. If they
appeal to the established anthorities'of the countiy,
there seems to be nothing which will interfere, or,
interfering, will render the assistance and aid re-
quired. Then, sir, would it not seem necessary that
the very step proposed by this amendment to be
taken, should be taken to meet this emetgency ?
We piopose to arm the President with power to
piescrve the pcace and tianquilhty.
Here, sir, I beg leave to call the attention of the
Senate for a moment to the remarks of the honor-
able Senator from New jersey [Mr. Daytox] upon
this subject. He objects to the extension ot these
laws, and to the grant of this power, because three
distinct facts which he has stated, and I have no
doubt he felt himself authorized in stating, were
matters "which did not strike my eye at the time
the amendment was, oilered;" ''that there was (
something more in the amendment than at first met ]:
the eye." Those matters were, first, that the i,
amendment was new; second, that it settles the |i
boundary of Texas; and, third, that it extends the ji
Constitution of the United States over California. ],
Mr. DAYTON, (interposing.) That remark ^
was made with reference to the last objection—the |;
fact of its extending the Constitution over Gahfor- j,
nia—and not with reference to the others. 1.
Mr. WALKER. That is the fact upon which li
I am now about to remark.
I Now, sir, that the phraseology of the amend-
! pent is new, I do not deny. But is tiie proposition
j itself new? I apprehend that the Senator from
j New Jersey himself will not say so, because he
; has already given us the cases of Louisiana and
| Florida. It may be new iri its phraseology, but I
| piesume it is not new in its objects. It may be
j new in some of the features of the power to be
j extended to the President, and the laws to be ex-
; tended oyer the country. It may be the fact; but,
' sir, is this not a new case, demanding something
I new for this Government and those Territories
ij before we separate; demanding that some new
step should be taken upon this subject? Is it not
J| a new case? is it not a state of things such as has
;; never existed before? It occurs to me that it is.
ij As to the second objection to the amendment,
!j that it settles the boundary between the United'
[i States and Texas, I have only to remark that k is
i; a mere mistake of fact upon the part of the Senator
|| from New Jersey. _ We are at direct issue there;
li for I say that the amendment does not propose to
' do any such thing. It does not name Texas. It
, does n-ot mention the conflict with regard to bound-
i ary. It says nothing about that disputed territoiy.
I It merely says the country west of the Rio del
i Norte, leaving a portion, it there be any such por-
.! tion, of territory belonging to the United States
I over which the- provisions of the amendment do
ii not extend. It does not even mfeientially settle
|( the question Sir, if the country west of the Sierra
: Nevada had been mentioned as the country to
j which the amendment should apply,' would the
Senaior then have said that it settled the question
that all that portion of the territory east of the
Sierra Nevada belonged to Texa%? Unless he
! could say that, I do not see how he can contend
i that the boundary of Texas is conceded by this
j amendment. It does not affect the question of
, boundaiy; it only excludes a portion of the terri-
j tory of the United Siates from its provisions, if
| the boundary of Texas does not include that ter-
| ritory. It is nothing more nor less than this.
But, sir, there was an object m framing the
amendment in this form, and candor requires me
i to express it. It was my wish to disconnect this
i question from all controversies; to conciliate the
Senators from Texas, if m my power, and to con-
1 cilmte all; to put down all incidental controveisies,
i and guaid against harrowing up the feelings of
membeis, that they might not feel harassed upoti
i the part of Congress by interferences with ques-
i rions of meie individual interest. This amend-
ment proposes to leave it free for Texas to bring*
I forward the facts, and to demonstrate the rights
I which she declares to belong to her. That ques-
1 tion is left to another day. It is a question which
! cannot but excite the feelings and animosities and
passions of the country, if we should attempt to
; settle it in this way. We propose to act for the
! settlement of the question before us, only that we
, may have the conjoint sanction of as many mem-
I bers as possible to the proposition.
' Again, sir, in regai d to the .extension of the
! Constitution, the third objection of the Senator
i from New Jersey. And lor what reason is the
! Senator from j^ew Jersey opposed to the exten-
1 sioii of the Constitution, it it can be done by legts-
j latum, over the territories of California and i\ew•
: Mexico? Why, sir, his argument is, that the
■ South claims that the Constitution gives them the
1 right to take their slaves there and make it a fclave
country. He asks no advantage from the South,
he says, nor is he willing to yield any advantage.
; He is opposed to the extension of the Constituiion
there, because it will give to the South wh^t they
claim as an advantage, and will give them,accord-
ino- to their idea, an advantage in political power
over the North. He denies, however, at the same
time, that any such results can really follow. Sir,
my feelings upon the subject of slavery are, per-
haps, as well known here as those of any other
Senator upon this floor. But, sir, I say before
this Senate, $nd before high Heaven, that I feel
myself incapable of entertaining any such feelings
as those entertained by the Senator from 'New
Jeisey. If the Constitution will extend slavery to
the land, then let it go. If by that Constitution
slavery is extended, I am -wiihng to stand by that
Constitution. I am unwilling to withhold from
our southern brethren any of the rights given to
them by that severed instrument. If by the oper-
