1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
271
30th Cong 1st Sess.
New Mexico and California—Mr. Butler.
Senate.
Mr. DAYTON. The Senator is not correct in
either. 1 contended that you could not extend the
Constitution itself by legislative act beyond any
point to which .it was extended by its own inhe-
rent power. 1 did not say that you might not
make a <rovernment for the Territories; and 1 did
not say that you might not take some of the pro-
visions.of the Constitution and apply them to the
Territories by an act of legislation on the part of
Congress.
Mr. BUTLER. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire understood the Senator from New Jersey as
I did. By extending the Constitution you may
extend as many of its provisions as are applicable;
to refuse to extend it at all under this amendment,
would be but to refuse to extend any of^its cio-
visions. The third proposition of the Senator Worn
New Jersey, as 1 understand it, is, that if the pro-
- visions of the Constitution could be, extended to
the Territories, Congress ought not to extendthem,
provisions is to deny the rights of equal justice.
Our opponents would leave us to go there at ail
risks under the proclamation1—yes, the anticipated
proclamation of a self-sustaining and unjust ma-
jority, as I believe—that we have no rights.. We
are not to have the protection of the Constitution
of the United States as far as we might avail our-
selves of it, because, in the issue between the two
great sections of the country for power, it might
give to one and deprive the other of the advanta-
ges which it provides. Sir, what a sentiment is
that to be uttered in this body! I mean to dwell
upon it, for it came from a highly respectable
source. I mean to feiterate it. The Senator can-
not deny that he put forth the proposition that
we will not, if we could, extend the provisions of
the Constitution to the Territories. We will de-
prive you of the benefits of that Constitution which
was handed down to us by our fathers, who would
have cut off their very h#inds before they would
and that for the singular reason given by the Sen- ji have signed the instrument, if they had ever sup
ator, that it would or might make some change in
the issue of power between the two sections of the
Union, or that it mightgive to the South a vantage
ground which she does not possess at this time,
feir, 1 cannot be mistaken in the statement of that
proposition. I shall invert these propositions so
far as regards the order in which 1 shall consider
them. The South is to be crushed beneath the
power "of the Congiess of the United States, be-
cause by extending the Constitution, or importing
to extend it, it. might give her an advantage which
she does not now possess in the contest with the
North. Sir, when I heard this announcement
made it grated on my ear. What! that the South
should not have the benefit of the provisionsof the
Constitution, for the reason that it might give her
an advantage which she does not now possess in
her contest with the North ! Sir, I have lived long
enough to know that it is useless to appeal to the
posed that any portion of those for whom it was
provided would be deprived of its benefits by the
will of an unscrupulous majority. Could they have
foreseen such a state of things, they would never
have entered into a covenant with such selfish part-
ners; and, if the doctrine now proclaimed shall
prevail, they were deceived; and their descendants
will be betrayed.
According to the notion entertained by the Sen-
ator from New Jersey, if those notions should be
carried into effect, we'are to be placed in a condi-
tion in which we must necessarily be degraded; in
a position in which we shall no longer deserve the
eulogium which the Senator has bee^ pleased to
bestow upon our character; in a condition in which
we shall be degraded before the world; because we
have said it would be a condition forced on us,
against our consent, and in violation of the under-
standing of our forefathers. This, sir, is one view
magnanimity or the generosity of the North, much 11 of the subject which the Senator has favored us
leas'to her sense of justice; and 1 must be permitted i with—that he will not if he could, extend the pro-
io say that while I thank my friend from New i| visions of the Constitution to the Territories, but
Jersey'for the praise he has bestowed upon the 1!|I must hasten through the other propositions of the
South, I would* prefer that, in lieu of such com-
plimentary phrases, we should be "permitted to
enjoy the substantial benefits which would accrue
to the country which I represent by an extension
of the provisions of the Constitution to the Territo-
ries. I prefer these even to the praises of the Sen-
ator, well spaken and meant as they were, for I
have a great respect for him. I thank him for the
commendation he has bestowed upon southern
o-entiemen, but I thank him the less, inasmuch as
he has, at the same time, denied that the character '
which he eulogizes is attributable to our southern .
institutions, a peculiar civilization connected with i
them. 1 must again repeat, the broad proposition
taken by the Senator from New Jersey is, that the j
Constitution of the United States ought not, under j
the circumstances m which we aie placed, to be
extended so far as to give to the South the benefit
of its provisions, and that the North has a right to
occupy the strong position which she derives from
her numerical strength and the state of legislation
now connected with our Territories; that we must
depend upon the will of the majority that now has j
the subject under its.control, lather than avail out- ^
selves of the provisions of the Constitution of the ;
United States. Disguise it as you please, that is ;
the proposition. T .
What is it that the North declares to us. H is
this: We have the majority; we have the numer- ,
ical strength which will enable us to vote you ,
down, and, as long as we retain that, we intend
that you shall not derive any advantage from the
fundamental law of the land; or, m other words, ;
it is precisely the same as the case of two nun |
combmetl fighting one man witn swords, de"
nvm" lum the use of the shield to winch he was
emitied. It is but retaining by strength an undue
advantage. We ask only for the Constitution,
framed as it was in good faith and >one^y-
ask for nothing more; and, wu,i_thd-1
can stand up against all the mi.=,
a7oppoSrtm.ity for the trial. The exten-
sion of the Constitution will either give the south-
«"■ States no advantage, or it would S e
'them i
Senator, for I do not intend to detain the Senate.
There is another proposition which seems to
have been maintained still more obstinately, and
that is, that the provisions of the Constitution can-
not be extended to the Territories, if that be not
a fallacy, I certainly have not understood tne Con-
stitution coriectly. I am not going to be guilty of
the absurdity of saying that, so far as it is a com-
pact between the States of this Union, it can be
extended to another State or Territory not having
connection with the Union; but I have always un-
derstood that the Constitution of the United States,
as well as the laws of Congress made in pursu-
ance of it, was a part of the supreme law of the
land. It contained some of the principles of magna
charta—trial by jury, the birthright of every Jin-
glishman, and an inviolable principle of the laws
of that country from which we have derived the
greater part of our own. And to tell me that you
cannot extend the right of trial by jur}?, that you
cannot extend this great principle to the Territories
because the Constitution is a compact, is a propo-
sition that I cannot submit to.
Mr. DAYTON. Does the Senator understand
me as saying that you cannot extend any of the
provisions of\he Constitution to the Teuitories'
Mr. BUTLER. I understood the Senator dis-
tinctly to say that, so far as regards the compact,
you could not, by legislation, extend its provisions
to the Territories. I agree with the Senator in say-
in" that the compact or mere league, between the
States of this Union, cannot be extended to the
, Territories, but many of the provisions of that in-
strument have the obligations of positive law, of
i general application to all the citizens of the United
i States living on the soil of the United States, 01
j their common temtones. And by extending the
, Constitution, conomine, you extend so many aws,
I you extend the Constitution containing tne laws;
and if you refuse to extend the Constitution, you
refuse to extend the laws. You may purport to
extend more than you can, but not more than can
be extended. Yon may not be able to extend the
whole, but by extending the whole you extend all
the paits that can be made available in a terruoiy;
and it seems to be a desperate abuse of woids to
the cou^SdrCuiese ,j deny the^oposition. ^ ^ ^ posiUon> b.
States an opportunity to av
ail themselves of its it
cause the Senator from New Hampshire under-
stood him in the same way. His proposition is,
that he is opposed to extending the provisions of
the'Constitution to the Territories under a propo-
sition to extend the Constitution itself. I can
sanction no such proposition as that. As far as-
regards the compact! am willing to agiee with the
Senator, but there are other provisions that can be
extended, and if we have courts there they can be
executed. This is my proposition, that the Con-
stitution forma a part of the supieme law, and that
it can be extended, so far as it is applicable, and
so far as it can be extended it ought to be extended,
subject to the limitation of its own terms. And t
suppose that would be obvious to any tribunal.
As the supreme law of the land, the Constilutioti
ought to he the controlling law as far as possible.
The Constitution and its provisions as parts can
do no harm anywhere. There can be no danger
in extending them; there may be great injustice
and mischief in withholding them. The}, certainly
may be a blessing; they cannot be a curse in the
hands of anyone; they have the sanction of jus-
tice and experience. VVhy be afraid to give them
to all wht) can avail themselves of them ? Sec-
tional jealousy can alone answer the question. I
cannot be mistaken m this, unless I have commit-
ted an egregious error m my interpretation of the
principle upon which the compact depends, that'
citizens everywhere on American soil can avail
themselves of lis provisions.
But, 1 go further, and say that, proprio vigore,
the moment that Territories are acquired under
treaty, the provisions of the Constitution of the
United States extend to that Territory, to some,
though not to the entire extent of its provisions.
This territory was acquired under treaty, and I say
that the provisions of the Constitution, with (he
qualification of applicability, are now, propria
vigore, the fundamental law of California and New
Mexico. And when I say that, I admit that there
may be wanting some machinery of courts and
officers to carry out those provisions, but they
nevertheless exist as the fundamental law; of that
there can be no doubt'. And I put the question
now, whether it would be competent for Congress
to make a distinction between the ports of Califor-
nia and the ports of New York and Boston, as re-
gards the enactment of laws relating to the revenue?
And I will ask another question, by way of illus-
trating this matter. Suppose that a war broke out
with 'china, or wilh Great Britain, or with any
other Power, and the people that are now in Cali-
fornia should give aid to the enemy: am 1'to be
told that American soil, occupied by American cit-
izens, can be betrayed by surrendering it to the
enemy, without amounting to the crime of treason
against the United States? It may be that there
would not be courts there before which the traitors
could be arraigned, but would it not be manifestly
treason against the United States? Will the Sen-
ator from New Jersey undertake to assert that
treason could not be committed in those teuitories
against the United States, because the Constitution,
j! propiio vi gore, could not extend to them ' It seems
;i to me that it would be one of those paradoxes,
arising from a nice and technical view, in opposi-
tion to what was obvious and true, which are some-
times put forward to mislead the mind. As Lord
Mansfield said of magna charta and the Christian
religion, 1 may say of our Constitution, that it
constitutes the fundamental law of the land within
all the possessions of the United States. This is
a principle which cannot be disputed, that our fun-
damental law must necessarily apply to all our pos-
sessions, although, not having courts established,
the citizens may not be able to avail themselves
of it.
If a person in California now should be subject-
ed to torture for heresy, or arbitrarily shot down
for an offence unknown to the United States or the
States of the Union, the rebuking spirit of the Con-
stitution would not only be invoked, but its sub-
stantial provisions would be enforced for rediess.
Despotism cannot exist on American soil^, under
the provisions of the eonstiutions of the States of
this Union. Will it be pretended that in those
Territories arbitrary punishment can be inflicted
without law ? Wny, the whole genius of the com-
•! rnon law, as it speaks through magna charta, would
ji rebuke anysueh idea. I know that many diflicul-
li ties would be thrown in the way, because there are
