mz
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 24,
30th Cong 1st Sess.
New Mexico and California-—Mr. Webster.
Senate.
no courts, no tribunals for the trial of offenders, jj
Agencies of the law must be established; but that jj
*-tbe fundamental law exists there can be no doubt. jj
J-think it exists proprio vigore, and I think we can l\
extend it by legislation, in the same manner that j
we can extend the laws of Congress; The Con-
stitution is but the law of tKe States of this Union,
and it is the supreme law; and are we to be told
that it is to be controlled in its operation, and can-
not be expended, whilst the most ordinary revenue j
law may be extended to any territory that we may }
acquire ? I do not intend to occupy the time of the :
Senate very long upon this subject, as I am ad-1
monished that under present circumstances we j
should economize time. !
I shall give the preference to the amendment of ,
the Senator from Wisconsin, because it recog-;
nizes and asserts what in my opinion is correct,;
that the provisions of the Constitution should be, j
if they are not, in force in the Territories. Whilst1
I have bfen one of those who could not agree with
the proposition first submitted as an amendment
-to this bill, who did not believe that Congress
could create a State by legislative fiat, I am not
one of those who oppose giving a government to
these Territories. My opinion has been that it
could be done in the ordinary way in which gov-
ernments have been given to other Territories.
• If this cannot be done, let me put this startling
question, let me ask if all those mischiefs which
will inevitably take place, those scenes of violence
and bloodshed if we provide no government, are
to be permitted to go on without any power to j
restrain them ? If this is to be the case, let me j
ask whose fault is it? I again ask the question, I
  and let those who choose to sustain this Wilmot j
proviso, as it is called, answer whose fault is it.
We of the South are willing to give to those Ter-
ritories the same sort of government that Arkansas
had, or any other, subject to the compromises of
the Constitution. We are willing to give them
the same sort of government that we have given
to other Territories; but we are asked to do more.
I am willing to make an issue* a collateral issue,
that will avoid the difficulty which surrounds us,
or I am willing at once to meet any issue that will j
make a final settlement of the question, and to meet
it honorably. This punic faith that we have hith-
erto encountered in regard to our compromises
renders me doubtful for the future, or relying on
temporary expedients or apparent compromise. I
have experience enough to know that ournorthern
brethren have not abided by the compromises they
have entered into. I am averse to entering again
into any of those patched up compromises, which
we have reason to know will be regarded only so
long as it is the interest of the JNoith to regard j
them. Yet, for the sake of peace, I am willing to i
give to the people of those Territories the ordinary ;
form of territorial government, and to maintain !
them in it. I would have been willing to go as
far as the Senator from Massachusetts in making
a law to preserve the peace. And a military gov- j
ernment, i think, is the only one that will suit the
present condition of the people. Why should this
people come here and claim to be made a State be- 1
fore they have in anywise prepared themselves to
be constituted a State—before they have prepared
themselves for the exercise of all the privileges of ;
freemen, or shown themselves worthy of the rights ;
of self government? There will be time enough ;
for them to do this before the next session of Con- 1
gress. Why should we volunteer to form them
into a State with so much haste? Oh, say the gen-
tlemen, it is all to avoid an issue— an issue that is
just as sure to come as it is that I stand here. It
will come with the certainty of the change of the [
seasons. In my heart i despise all such hollow !
compromises. 1 would make any sacrifices for j
the sake of peace; but when-I see the symptoms ,
that aie around us, 1 have no room left for hesila- :
tion or doubt that such compromises will be dis- |
regarded. We have symptoms of the storm that
is to break upon us m the language and conduct •
of members on this door. Like certain birds, they ,
may give notice of the coming s&orm, whilst they i'
cannot conduct or ride upon it. They are to be
regarded as ominous signals. Instruments are not ;
always masters of faction or revolution. When i
the Senator from jNew Hampshire asserts that the ,
North are determined to maintain their rights, i'
what does he think of the southern portion of the ij
Confederacy ? Why, that it will yield to the doc-
trines proclaimed at the North, rather than risk
the consequences of opposing them. They will
submit, is the calculation, to the progressive pre-
tensions of power and arrogance; that they will
submit to see the guarantees of the Constitution
broken down, and accommodate themselves to op-
pression or odious discrimination. That is what
is exacted. Sir, I love the Union, but I love it be-
cause it was just—because it was founded by those j
who had wisdom an<| observed-good faith; but I i
can never undertake to make sacrifices in any way j
which will degrade a generous people.
The amendment proposed'may have a salutary
j effect; it may put this subject beyond the control
j of agitating politicians; it may be the means of
! enabling the people of California to make a consti-
' tution for themselves; and, as it does not require
a sacrifice that would compromit the honor, or put
in jeopardy the rights, of the South by any doc-
trine contained in it, I am willing to give it my
j-support. I am willing to make all proper allow-
i ances for the pride of opinion and previous com-
; mittal, and to resort to this as a safety-valve for
the present. The future may take care of itself.
I think it clouded with apprehension. It wilt en*
abfe the people of California to form a State gov-
ernment with or without slavery in it. If it shall
be either way, be it so. It would then be the act
of a people deciding on their own destiny—under
their own notions of policy. It will be taking the
matter from*the hands of Congress. From the
time that these territories were made a prize in the
war with Mexico—(and it does seem to me that
from the moment of crossing the Rio Grande the
war has been conducted for conquest)—all the ad-
| vantages have been given to the North. I have
! no very great regard for the stability of northern
i sentiment, when it comes in conflict with the op-
i portunity of making money. If northern senti-
1 ment should prevail in the formation of the consti-
; tution, it will be no assurance that it will continue,
. if interest should urge the people of California to
; employ slave labor. Northern morality will be
: no impediment to such a result. Philanthropy
| will soon melt under the temptations of interest.
If northern men should find slave labor service-
able in mining, or in any other way, sentiment
would not long stand'in the way. As it was said
' the other day, as soon as the Roman people be-
came corrupted, it was all sentiment with them;
the'hardy and simple virtues were all thrown
away, so far as we can judge, from their statutory
provisions. Sentiment! Northern sentiment! Sir5>
it will last no longer than they discover that slave*
labor can be made available. When they go to
the South, they are as easily reconciled to thccon-
dition of things there as if they had been accus-
I tomed to them from childhood.
j The Senator from New Jersey took occasion to
| say, that nearly all the public honors had been be-
1 stowed upon the men of the South. Allow me to
; ask, why is it so? Why is it that the honor of
: holding high offices in this Confederacy has been
j bestowed upon the statesmen and politicians of
: the South? Why is it? I shall not attribute it to
; our peculiar institutions. I shall not say it is at- i
' tributable to them; but I may speak of the fact as
j a commentary, that under the influence of these
institutions, men of ability and virtue may be
found and selected by public confidence. The
! fact has its lesson, and otrsers must fill the pictme. i
: ff southern men have enjoyed the honors of the
Republic, it is because they deserve them; because ;
■ they won them from public opinion; and because, '
• in former times, we had the benefit of an unbigoted
public opinion—we had the principles of a free 1
constitution, that allowed all to think honestly for
themselves, and when there was no despotism to
' prevent, much less to withhold it for sectional
purposes, under the self-sustaining influence of
numerical strength. It was when wise and prac- 1
tical and patriotic statesmen, and not rhetorical
dialectitians or ambitious aspirants, ruled the times,
and gave direction to our destiny. It was when '
the Constitution was paramount in its obligations '
and authority, and whei£ a designing majority, j
actuated by sectional jealousy, did notexist. itwaa
before the time when professional sentiment was i
stronger than good sense and good faith. Jr was ]
before the time when the Northhad become strong !
by wealth, making frequent exactions fiom the j
confiding South. The northern people have their
merits, and they are great; I would not detract
from them; but, under equal circumstances in our
past history, they can claim no superiority; and,
if they .did not in former times obtain political
honors, it may have been that they did not aspire
to them, but preferred the profits resulting- from
the operation of the Government.
Mr. President, this is a grave matter. I did not
comc prepared to debate it, nor did I, when I rose,
expect to speak so long as I have. I feel bound,
however, to notice some of the remarks that were
•made yesterday by my friend from New Jersey—
and I call him so from feelings of respect. It has
been very rarely that we have ever differed, and I
vQry sorry to hear him express the sentiments
wmch he uttered yesterday. I know that many
entertain such opinions, but I hardly thought that
any one would venture to utter them here. We
ask for the benefit of the provisions of the Con-
stitution, and we gre told that they cannot and
ought not to be extended to us; that they ought
not, either proprio vigore or by the legislation of
Congress, to be extended to the Territories. Sir,
I am willing to give my sanction to almost any
measure that will produce peace and harmony.
These agitations are foreign to my nature. I
would rather acquiesce in anything that will give
security. But if these agitations are to go on—
and gentlemen tell me that they will deprive the
South, by every means that they can devise, of
the benefit of the provisions of the Constitution—
how is it to be expected that I can be satisfied?
I hear the remark made everywhere, and not alone
by the Senator from New Hampshire, who is a
kind of conduit for all these petitions, which are
potired into the Senate every morning through him
as through a funnel. But I have transgressed the
bounds which I had assigned to myself in these
remarks, and I will therefore take my seat. Lmust
say that I think such amendments as these under
consideration out of place on this bill—the respon-
sibility is not mine. If I had more leisure I would
certainly extend my remarks, but I am admon-
ished that it is wrong to take any more of the time
of the Senate.
j Mr. WEBSTER. Mr. President, the honor-
! able member from South Carolina, who has just
, taken his seat, says that he is prepared to say
| boldly that the northern States have not observed,
| but have broken, the compromises of the Consti-
I1 tution. *
;! Mr. BUTLER, (in his seat.) I said it.
j Mr. WEBSTER. Yes, Mr. President, he said
ji so. It is no duty of mine to take up a glove that
1 is thrown to the whole world"; it is no duty of mine
' to accept a general challenge. But if the honor-
able member shall see fit to be so obliging as to
inform the Senate, in my heaxing, on what occa-
sions the State whose representative I stand here
has forborne to observe or has broken the compro-
mises of the Constitution, he will find in me a
combatant on that question.
Mr. BUTLER rose to reply; but as there ap-
peared to be some misunderstanding as to his pos-
session of the floor for that purpose, he resumed
his seat.
Mr. WEBSTER. I would hear the gentleman
with the greatest respect—a respect which I always
, feel foriiim; but what I mean to say is, that if he
is to reduce what seemed to be a general charge to
a pajticiilar charge, and if he shall undertake to
specify or particularize any cusse in which the Le-
gislature of the State whos-e representative I am
has forborne to observe, or has broken, or attempt-
ed to break, the compromise s of the Constitution,
| it will be my duty to meet that charge, and to de-
fend the State, if I am able to do so. I do not in-
tend to go into any such debate on this matter at
present; other States will answer for themselves.
Mr. President, it is of importance that we should
seek to have clear ideas and correct notions of the
question which this amendment of the♦ membt-r
! from Wisconsin has presented to us;*and espe-
cially that we should seek to got some conception
of what is meant by the proposition, in a law, to
"extend the Constitution of the United States to
the Territories.M Why, sir, the thing is utterly
impossible. All the legislation in the world, in
this general form, could not accomplish it. There
is no cauae for the operation of the legislative
