1849.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
215
30th Cong 2d Sess.
New Mexico and California—Mr. Douglas.
Senate.
in full by the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Hale,] and in part by lhe~ Senator from Massa-
chusetts. I have been endorsed m full by both.
I have at no time qualified my original proposi-
tion. My original proposition was based'upon the
amendment of the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Walker,] and that amendment was, that the Con-
stitution of the United States be extended to these
Territories; and my position was, that you could
not extend the Constitution thither. I did not say
that you could not enact a law giving them (the
people of California) the benefit of trial by jury,
or habeas corpus, or any other of the common-
place principles which protect men in the enjoy-
ment of civil liberty. I said you could not in this
way, speaking upon this amendment, extend the
Constitution of the United States over California.
That was my orieinal proposition. The Senators
who have advocated the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin contend that you can, upon
this amendment, extend the Constitution of the
United States there. Why, the Senator from
South Carolina does not pretend that you can ex-
tend that part of it which is a league, a compact.
How much of it, then, as the amendment stands,
are you to extend? The whole, or a part of it?
But, sir, it is no part of my purpose further to
consume the time of the Senate. I answered only
upon this proposition, because ! Hid not wish the
legal position which I originally took upon the
question 'before the Senate to be misstated and
misunderstood.
Mr. BADGER moved that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was rejected, on a division—ayes
20, noes 23.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I am very
unwilling to enter into any discussion of this
measure as an amendment to this bill. I pieferred
to take up the subject of giving a government to
California in a bill'by itself—there being a bill be-
fore the Senate for that purpose—as, when that bill
should be called up, it would be open to amend-
ment, so that a State bill could be adopted, or a
territorial bill, as the Senate might prefer. I should
not now say a word but for the fact that there
seems to be a disposition to take the vote to-night,
and for the further fact, that while the Senate have
' refused to take up.the bill providing a govern-
ment for California m a separate shape, they-have
complained that the same subject-matter has been
put upon this bill in the form of an amendment.
When 1 appealed to Senators to take up the bill
itself, and to have the subject-matter before the
Senate in a regular and direct form, they voted no,
and refused to allow us to consider the subject at
all. And then, when we bring up the subject as
an amendment to this bill, they reprove us for vio-
lating the rules and principles of legislation, and
ask us " why we do not offer it as an amendment
to the other bill ?" I ask, then, why they did not
give us an opportunity to move it as an amend-
ment to that bill? I ask the Senator from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] who lectured the Senate
to-day for not meeting the question boldly, why
he did not allow us to meet it boldly? I believe
he has been willing upon one occasion, and one
occasion only, to do so.
Mr. HALE. I have voted but once upon the
subject, and then 1 voted to take up the bill intro-
duced by the honorable Senator from Illinois. ,
Mr. DOUGLAS. Be it so.
Again: Senators persist in arguing the State bill,
although they would not allow it to be taken up.
The honorable Senator from New Jersey, [Mr.
Dayton,] who made a speech yesterday, and a
verv powerful one, against the proposition for the
admission of Calrfornia into the Union as a State,
refuses to allow us to consider the proposition at
all, and complains that it is brought irregularly
upon this bill in any shape.
Mr. DAYTON, (interposing.) With the per-
mission of the honorable Senator, 1 would state
that I proposed, after passing this bill, that we
should take up the California bill. I made that
proposition. . , .  .
Mr. DOUGLAS. That may be, but it was
made at a late period. But upon every vote to
take up the California bill the Senator from New
Jersey has been found in the negative, and so with
my friend, from South Caisplma, LMr. Bbti-f-r,]
who now comes in and attacks the  -tate bnl, anu
refuses to allow the amendment to be consid-
ered. I am willing now, if the 'Senate will agree
that the State bill shall be taken up the moment
that this civil and diplomatic appropriation bill is
passed, to stop here. And I believe that every j
gentleman who offered an amendment relating to |
this subject is willing to stop at this moment and j
dispose of the present bill, if we can; then to have
the subject of providing a government for Califor-
nia considered upon the State bill. If that can be
agreed to, we are willing to stop here. [Cries of
"Agreed, agreed."]
Mr. President, I hear cries of "agreed" from
various parts of the Chamber.. I will repeat the
proposition. It is, that, provided the Senate, by
general consent, agree to take up the bill provi-
ding for the admission of California into the Union
as a State, with a view to action thereon by pass-
ing a State or Territorial, or any other bill that the
majority shall prefer, as soon as this bill is dis-
posed of, that all these amendments will be with- I
drawn, and this bill allowed to pass.
Messrs. TURNEY and WALKER made some
remarks which were inaudible to the reporter.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, moved that the
Senate take a recess until six o'clock.
Mr. KING. Mr. President, I am decidedly j
opposed to the recess which is proposed. I think j
that the experience of the last session will teach J
every Senator that it is better for us to sit here till j
as late an hour as possible; and when we adjourn, ,
not to return for that qight at least. If, at the very j
last of the session, it shall become necessary for ;
us to hold night sessions, it may be thought proper j
to do so. I think that we shall gain nothing by j
taking a recess; but will, on the contrary, lose
much.
The motion to take a recess was not agreed to.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I have not
many words to say on the questibn which has been
occupying the attention of the Senate. Whether
Congress has, or has not, the power to extend the
Constitution over California, I shall vote for the
proposition to extend the Constitution over that j
country. I believe we have the power to extend
it, in all its parts, over that country. I believe,
furthermore, that we have the same power to ex-
tend the Constitution over a country that we have
to bring a country inside of it. i believe that the
effect of extending the Constitution over it will be j
to make California a State of this Union, giving !
them two Senators and a Representative in the
Congress of "the United States, and authorizing
them to form a constitution and State government
as they please. And, believing that. I am in favor
of the amendment of the Senator from Wisconsin.
It extends the revenue laws thithei\ It extends
the judiciary, the land laws, the Indian laws, and
all other general laws of Congress over it. And
by extending the Constitution of the United States
over it, as a constitution, in so many words, it
erects it into a State, with the right of representa-
tion in the Union. And I am sorry that the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Webster] is not
now in bis seat to say whether or not that will not
be the legal effect of it. It is true, that that State
would be in a quasi condition, inchoate, until it
organized a State government, until it elected its
Legislature, and that Legislature elected its Sen- 1
ators; but the moment that be done, it will be a
State of this Union, with the right of representa-
tion here. And it would be a State with all its
laws complete. That would be the most summaiy
mode by which this question could be disposed of.
I do not think it is the best mode. I think if we
are goin  to make a State, we had better do so by
passin" a bill purporting to be a State bill, author-
izing tiiem to form a constitution, and that in due
form by prescribing who may be legal voters, and
bv prescribing a mode by which they may agree
upon the time and place of forming that constitu-
tion. Such, I think, would be the proper course
of' proceeding, and I entertaiu not a doubt that
Con°ress Kas power to do this, although I express
it with great deference to the opinions entertained
by the members of the Committee on the Judiciary
"Hot uhtk that the Senator from New,Jersey
has treated the proposition tor admitting California
as a State with quite that liberality—I will not say
fairness—that he ought to have done, especially
with reference to the only proposition now pend.nj,
for her admission as a State. He speaks of the
bill as proposing to create a State. I am going into
no metaphysical discussion as to this question of
power to create a State. I do not think that th.e
bill that I have proposed does create a State. 1
do not believe that the Senator from New Jersey
would think so, if he would examine it. The bill
proposes that the people of California be author-
ized to ere<;t for themselves a constitution and State
government, and that, when they shall erect a State
for themselves, they shall be a State of this Union.
The bill does'not raise any such question as that,
of creating a State. The only question raised is
simply that authorizing the people resident in that
country to assemble m a convention, composed of
delegates elected in the usual manner, to form a
constitution and State government, and, when that
shall have been done, to admit them into the Union
on an equal footing with the other States in all re-
spects whatsoever. 1 would ask the Senator from
New Jersey, if Congress has not the power to give
that assent, how can you get them into the Union?
And if he calls that the creation of a State, then he
is denying the right which was exercised by Con-
gress in every case in which a State has come into
this Union. It is true that the original bill upon
which the committee made their report did provide
i that " California shall be a State of the Union;"
but that contemplated that the government therein
was to be crected by the people thereof, and not by
the Congress of the United States, as I declared
then, in answer to a member of that, committee, in
j discussion here. It was no proposition to create
| a State whatever. It was merely the consent of
| Congress that that people might form a constitu-
j tion and State government, and nothing more,
i But, sir, the proposition for the admission of
J California into this Union as a State, is precisely
! in accordance with all legislation upon this subject
from the foundation of the Government, wherever
there has been an;* prior legislation of Government
on the subject. "Congress doth consent that it
1 shall be erected into a State." These people erect
themselves into a State and become a State from
the day when that shall have been accomplished.
Sir, I do not deem it necessary to say more upon
this question of the power of Congress to create a
State.
Mr. President, I wish now to say something as
to the character and number of the population now
in California. I do not agree with (A-.e honorable
i Senator from New Jersey as to either of his prop-
i ositions in relation to this subject. I admit that it
ij is very difficult to determine precisely the number
of people now in California. I have seen state-
ments in the newspapers that the city of San Fran-
cisco alone contained fifteen thousand inhabitants.
I have no doubt that there are at this day from
thirty to forty thousand American inhabitants now
in the Territory of California, besides the natives
of the country. The latest news shows that about
five thousand are now going there by sea, and
each succeeding week shows that the number is
increasing every week. I am informed by letters
from the West that not less- than one hundred
thousand are expected to cross the prairies the
coming summer. I have not received one letter in
which the number was estimated at less than op£
hundred thousand persons.
Mr. DAYTON, (interposing.) That is a nitre
conjecture.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator says that is
conjecture. It is true that it is conjecture, but the
fact that there is a large American population in
California at this day is not conjecture. The fact
that there are probably more legal votes m Cali-
fornia to-day than there were ill one-tenth ot the
States of this Union at the time their constitutions
were formed, I think, is altogether probable. L
have no doubt of the fact. We have every reason
to believe it. But the Constitution requires no
snecific number to enable them to come into the
Union as a State. The Senator is mistaken m
supposing that sixty thousand was the old rnletor
comin" in. True, that number was specified in
the ordinance of 1787.* They had a ri§ht to come
in when they had that number. Stni, Congress
had the power to admit them sooner, and Congress
exercised that power. My C>vn State had only
about thirty thousand inhabitants at the time she
came into the "Union. Scarcely one of these States,
until you come to Wisconsin, had its sixty thou-
