276
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 26,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
New Mexico and California—Mr. Downs.
Senate.
gand inhabitants when they were admitted into
the Union. Michigan also had that number; and
I believe they are the only States that had any-
thing like that number. And there are more vo-
ters this day in California than there were in either
of these States at the time of their admission into
the Union. And I think that the question was as
to the number of voters that were there to frame
tire constitution, and not how many \yomen and
children were in the country. The government is
to be erected by the voters. It is the men that
/orm the government. And you object that they
have not their wives and children there. Why
have theynot their wive3 and children there? Be-
cause you refuse to give them law to protect those
■wives and children when they get there. That is
the.reason they are not there. 1 think, therefore,
that it-does not become us to say that these men
must not have a government because their families
are not with them, when it is from the withhold-
ing our protection that they are not with them.
Sir, there is a fearful responsibility resting upon
the Congress of thb United States. They send
their troops there; they send their navies there.
Deserters from those troops and from that navy—
the very men you sent thither, the very men
whose expenses you bore—have committed the
s murders the accounts of which have lately come
to us.- Sir, a family from my own State, and one
of the most interesting families that I have been
acquainted with for years, went there, and, after
incurring all the horrors, if not of starvation, of
living upon the dead bodies of those who had
starved—this family getting there in mid-winter,
being caught in the snows of the Sierra Nevada,
arrived just in time for the head of that family to
join Colonel Fremont's expedition. That man
served during the war. He tlieh dug his gold last
year and became wealthy, as he deserved to be
after all his -toils, and looked forward to many
years of happiness to be enjoyed by himself and
family, the severity of their former sufferings giv-
ing a keener relish to their present happiness.
But, sir, the hopes, the happiness of that family
were suddenly blasted—cut short in a manner
as horrible as it was unexpected. And how was
this? Why, sir, your troops, the men whom you
sent thither, cut that man's throat, and that of his
• wife and of his two children, and of his six serv-
ants, and have taken his gold and appropriated it
to their own use. It is your own act. A mur-
der committed by your agents, and you refuse
to furnish law to punish the crime which your
agents committed. You have sent the vicious
characters of whom Senators complain thither.
The Senator from New Jersey, and other Senators
opposed to government in California, complain
that there are bad characters there, that there are
vicious men and dangerous men thronging the
country. If there be such men there, you sent
them. They are not the regular population of the
country. They are not the Americans who have
gone there for the purpose of enriching themselves
by honest industry. They are deserters from your
army, from your navy, men whom you carried
there.
Mr. D. here gave way, without concluding his
remarks, at the suggestion of Mr. Atchison, to a
motion to adjourn; which was agreed to on a
division—ayes 22, noes 13.
So the Senate adjourned.
Monday, February 26,1849.
The question being upon the amendments offered
respectively by Mr." Walkek and Mr. Dayton,
relating to the' new Territories obtained by the
treaty with Mexico—
Mr. DOWNS said: Mr. President, I know that
but very little time is left, and that the Senate has
much to do, and that, consequently, there is no
time to enter into anything like a general discus-
sion of this subject. 1 shall, therefore, offer a few
Senator from New Jersey. It seems to me that it
totally changes the position heretofore assumed by
that Senator, avid others from his section, on this
slave question. Why, sir, wd have been discussing
here, during the last session, about what rights
the southern section of the United1 States, or the
people of that section, have in the new Territories
under the Constitution of the United States. The t
Senator from New Jersey entered into that discus-
sion as fully and as ably as any Senator on this
floor. Various views of the operation of the
Constitution in those Territories were presented.
Everybody seemed to consider that the Consiitu-
tion must necessarily extend there. I say, that
after all this, I cannot but express my astonishment
that the Senator has brought forward a new light
' upon that subject, and has now found out that all
| our discussions heretofore have been absurdities;
that all that was said at the last session about the
operation of the Constitution of the United States
in those Territories was useless, because we have
no power to extend the Constitution at all.
I am astonished, Mr. President, on another
ground. I have heard the suggestion frequently
made—and I lament that the suggestion was ever,
made—that it is not by the mass of the people of
the North, but only by certain fanatics there, that
the Constitution was sought to be amended, so as
to strike out of it that provision which guaranties
the institution of slavery in the South. I must
congratulate those fanatics, and those who support
them, that a new light has beamed on this subject;
that it is not necessary to amend the Constitution
in order to deprive it of that operation in favor of
the South so far as it regards the new Territories;
that it is only necessary to adopt this new con-
struction of the extent of the operations of the
Constitution, and the rights of the South are at
once swept away, so far as the Territories are con-
cerned .
,1 am astonished at this suggestion for another
reason. We of the South are frequently taunted
with a disregard of the Constitution and want of
■ attachment to the Union, which charges are utterly
without foundation. We have been told, that-
however objectionable the institution of slavery
might be, yet, so far as it was guarantied by the
Constitution, we should have it to the fullest ex-
tent. Now, however, I regret to see one of the
leading men of the North—still more I regret to
see two, yea perhaps more—take the ground, in
connection with this subject, that we shall not
-have the full extent of the provisions of the Con-
stitution. But, sir, while I regret that such a po-
sition has been taken on this subject, I rejoice at it
on one account. I wish it to be recorded, that it
may stan'd in judgment against these gentlemen
hereafter. I consider the ground which they have
taken on this subject, and the particular reason j
which the honorable gentleman from New Jersey j
has given for his objection, as a retraction of what I
was said by gentlemen at the Ia3t session as to the j
operation of the Constitution in those Territories, j
I undeistand the principal ground of objection of
the honorable Senator from New Jersey to be,
that the extension of the Constitution over those
i Territories would give to the South rights which
! they could not otherwise possess. As I do not
I wish to mistake or to misrepresent hiro, I will
| quote his own language, as published in the papers, jj
j He says: - 'j
" In the third place, and more especially, it is objeptiona- !I
t ble, because it a«sumes to extend, by present enactments, the |
Constitution of the United States over the Terutones of: I
California and New Mexico. «• n
" Now, sir, in the first place, this is objectionable because }i
of its changing the present condition of things in reference 'j
to the question of carrying slaves into these Territories." j;
i There are other clauses in the same paragraph j!
: which I will notiead. The Senator then objects |t
to extending the Constitution over California, be- j
cause it changes the state of things there; because j,
it changes the issue; because it places those who
I , ' -w-.. A 11 1 tliv looUC) UuvaUcC I v Mlctvvb wlOSC V^flO
remarks on two points only. The first is the po- ,'i hold southern views on a different footing. Mr
W,fS™ ny h6h?°rable Senator from New j; President, I am glad, because it is an implied ad- l!
i!ip TTniJf^s't PATT0N ] ,tllat ''le Constitution of j, mission that we were right and they were wrono- !'
in ,hiT Cit.her,d0es 1101 ftend' P Vrio (I m the discussion here last session, and that we have •'
l?,Z'rVr 1 erntories, or that « >s mcom- ! a right under the Constitution to remove with our
p I shio no, I'fif • ? exrd " thlthf I , I slaves t0 California and New Mexico. But has 1
as it has been alreLlv orettv ^T'0" 1 ? i' i 'he Senator cohered the ultimate and inevitable l:
1 wish nnl„ frJTvJ P y extensivJ1y discussed, consequences of the'doctrine which he advocates > 1
Ltaord^iL lJiLT af"'"Sh,mTt at t,w 1 sbould iike 10 ^ Senator, if the il
extraordinary position assumed by the honorable II Constitution of the United States does not extend '
to those Territories, by what kind of authority we
go there? What authority have we over them?
What right has Congress at all, either in the Terri-
tories or elsewhere, except under the Constitution ?
What right has the Senator himself to a seat here
except under it? Can we exercise any authority
with regard to that territory, unless it is brought
within the control of the Constitution ? If the Con-
stitution does not extend over it. pray what does
exten'd over it ? 1 have understood that our treaties
made in accordance with the Constitution of the
United States, and the Constitution itself, were the
supreme law of the land. If we have no Consti-
tution there, we have no law nor right there. What
right have we to hold that country as our property,
unless the Constitution hasoperation there? None,
sir, none whatever. If the Constitution, if the
treaty made under the authority of the Constitu-
tion, does not extend there, there is no lav/ there;
and if this be true, then it is declarative that we
have no more right to that country than to any
foreign country. I regret to hear such a declara-
tion, for I consider it, coming from the very high
authority that it does, as an annunciation that we
have no right to that territory; that every foreigner
—Frenchman, Englishman, South American, or
any one else—has as much right as we have to go
there and carry off the gold with which it abounds.
If we have no greater right under the Constitution,
I cannot see that we have any right at ail. But I
will not dwell upon the subject.
It seems to me that the Senator could not have
been very positive in his own conviction on the
subject, for, in the succeeding part of the same
speech, he assumes a position which is utterly in
conflict with the idea that no constitution or con-
stitutional law exists there. In speaking of the
difficulties which the South would encounter in
taking their slaves thither—which I think was a
very unnecessary caution—he describes the process
by which, if slaves are taken there, a habeas cmyus
would be sued out and the slaves released, and
depicted the consequences that would ensue if the
South should attempt to resist the process. Now,
I would like to have the honorable Senator teil me
how a habeas corpus could-be issued in California,
unless the Constitution of the United States be in
operation there. I do not understand that there is
any such right in operation now, under the laws
of the Mexican Government, and I cannot see how
it could be extended thither, unless the Constitu-
tion of the United States be in operation there.
But I-will not dwell on this point. My principal
object was to consider another branch of the Sen-
ator's argument, and that is, upon the subject of
the competency of Congress to admit "States into
this Union without their having framed a consti-
tution and organized a Stale government.
I feel myself called on, anxious as I am to avoid
trespassing upon the time of the Senate, to offer
some remarks upon this subject, from the constant
allusion that has been made on all sides to the
action of the Committee on the Judiciary on it,
and the misunderstanding which prevails in some
quarters in regard to the position which I, as the
minority of that committee, hold upon this sub-
ject. I think it is clear, and that it can be demon-
strated, and I wish it to be so understood, that it
is competent for Congress to admit a State into
the Union before it has formed a constitution and
State government. And I will say that the speech
of the honorable Senator from New Jersey seems
to admit £hat Congress has this power. He says:
" Now, sir, permit me to say, as to this mode of
' admitting a State, if within the letter, it is in my
' judgment against the spirit and intent of the Con-
' stitution." He seems to admit, then, that it is
within the letter, but against the spn it of the Con-
stitution. Again, he says: " But, sir, there are
'other objections to admitting this country as a
' State, aside from these constitutional or legal dif-
' Acuities. This matter of admitting a State into
' the Union is a matter, to agieat extent, of tlis-
' cretion." He puts discretion m italics; "and in
' this case it is expressly made by the treaty with
' Mpxico matter of dis. retion."
Mr. President, I understand from this that the
honorable Senator from New Jersey abandons the
ground taken by the committee, that it was not
"competent" for Congress to admit California as
a State, and puts it on jyho ground of "expediency"
alone. ThatH a very different question, and I do
