APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 36,
30th Gong 2d Sess.
New Mexico and California—Mr. Hunter.
Senate.
with the views I entertained of his proposition;
but, at the same time, perceiving that the amend-
ment would mean what it purported to mean, the
tone of his commentary did not vary my judgment
and decision as to the course I might-pursue in
voting on-the amendment. But the modification
introduced this morning puts a different face on the
matter, because in it the Mexican laws are specialty
alluded to and their existence reaffirmed; and this,
in my estimation, destroys effectually what I un-
derfeed to be his scheme of compromise. He
stated that it made no difference whether the word
" Mexican" or the word "existing" was embodied
in the amendment. Why, sir, in our view ot the
question, it makes all the difference in the world;
for we believe that none of the existing laws in
Mexico can remain in force which are at all in-
ii'ied amendment to reaffirm the Mexican laws
which give these privileges to the Catholic church,
at the same1 time that he enacts that which abro-
gates the institution of slavery?
Mr. DAYTON. I hoped to have been relieved,-
not" for my own sake, but that of the Senate, from
further addressing it upon this .subject; but the
question propounded by my honorable friend from
Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] requires an answer at
my hands, which answer 1 have not the slightest
difficulty in making. When 1 introduced this
! proposition, it was not as a scheme of compromise
I at all; I introduced it because it was an established
1 precedent, acted on heretofore under precisely the
same circumstances, and had been found to an-
' swer our purpose. I preferred it, therefore, to
any new precedent, couched in different phraseol-
J < 1 .i T i . ...U..*
IVJlCa tUU V.AI I i ii in | , j i * *T1 r rn i .
consistent with the Constitution or the rights of |j ogy, and carrying with it I know not what, ihat
was my purpose in introducing this 'amendment,
which is a copy verbatim et literatim of the law for
the government of Florida—saving only, that in that
law for the government of Florida we extended all
those laws of the Federal Government over that
Territory which forbid the importation of free per-
sons of color. The Senator from Virginia knows
why I strike that portion of the act out in my
amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. It was certainly not at my
the States; and, as I have before stated, some of
those laws are, in my .opinion, inconsistent with
our rights and with the Constitution, if he strikes
out the word "existing," and inserts the wftrd
"Mexican," I would inquire if by such a course
he intends to reaffirm the Mexican laws in relation
to slavery? If he does, I put it to the honorable
Senator whether it would not be more candid to
introduce the Wilmot proviso at once; and, if he
does not, so to shape the amendment as to leave
the question in abeyance? We shall then, without- ij request; 1 had no objection to it.
deciding the question or committing either party,
establish, if I may so call it, for the time being, a
temporary military government, which may enable
us to preserve public peace and tranquillity, pro-
tect public and private property m the Territories,
and secure the citizens now residing, and those
who will soon be there, against anarchy and
violence; and these objects may perhaps all be
accomplished by enforcing so much of the-existing
Mexican law as shall-not be inconsistent with the
Constitution and the rights of the States. I shall
be prepared, sir, to accept any compromise based
upon that principle. If 1 am asked to reaffirm the
validity of the Mexican laws, to which 1 have
alluded, I ask why not at once introduce the Wjl-
mot proviso? Would not the introduction of that
provision be more direct, and in fact the very thing
that perhaps the gentleman intends by his modifi-
cation? If that be his meaning, then this amend-
ment as modified is no compromise at all; and I
must confess that I have a suspicion that such was
the meaning of the speech he delivered in support
of his proposition. As I before said, it is not my
purpose to'go into the question in dispute between
us. I wish, if I can, to do all in my power fo
promote some scheme of compromise, in order
that this vexed question of the Territories may be
settled, and that they may have a government
Mr. FOOTE, (in his seat.) It was at my re-
quest.
Mr- DAYTON. It was with a view to meet in
good feeling the wishes of Senators on the other
side of the Chamber that 1 acceded to their sugges-
tions in this respect; 1 myself did not consider it
of any importance, as it applied only to the foreign
! slave trade, which is piracy now by law. The
amendment, with that exception, was, I believe, a
precise copy of the original Florida act, with the
additional item of an appropriation to carry it into
effect. Having offered the amendment, and dis-
cussed its merits at some length, the Senator at
my right, [Mr. Berrien]—for whose legal attain-
ments and judicial knowledge 1 have the greatest
respect—suggested,as did other southern Senators,
that the terms of the amendment might be so con-
strued as to refer to the species of temporary mil-
itary government recently established in California,
the Secretary of State having communicated the
fact in an official document that the late military
government should be considered the government
de facto; and the modifications made to the amend-
ment this morning were modifications made to re-
lieve from any doubt on that subject, and are in
the handwriting of the Senator from Georgia.
Thus I would inform my honorable friend from
Virginia that these modifications of which hecom-
suitable to their protection and necessary to their i! plains in my amendment were made atthesugges-
-  - u--u t,on 0f southern gentlemen; 1 not having been ap-
plied to by any noithern man upun the subject.
They were modifications made to meet the feelings
and views of southern Senators, and not to further
my own particular designs or views; because, as
far as my understanding of the modifications pro-
posed was concerned, I considered that they would
make no material difference in its general character.
prosperity. The only mode in which this object
can be effected is, by leaving this question, as to
the existence of the Mexican law prohibiting sla-
very, undecided and in abeyance. I do not speak
now of the amendment offered by the Senator from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Walker.] 1 prefer that to the
one before us, because it leaves these regulations
of the Territories to the President of the United
Slates, so far' only as his regulation may not be jj There is no government, according to my under-
■ inconsistent with the Constitution, and therefore |i standing of the subject, existing now in California
is more limited than that of the Senator from New ! —that is to say, no American government—and
Jersey. Sir, I am prepared to meet the Senator j; when we speak of the existing government there,
from New Jersey and gentlemen from the JNorth ; we speak of a government existing there at the
in a spirit of compromise on this question; and if n time of the cession, just as you spoke of an exist-
they will present a proposition which does not i; ing government in Florida when you passed a
sacrifice the rights of that section of the Union !' similar law some time after the cession. But, to
which 1 in part represent, I am ready to accede to relieve the" amendment from any doubt upon that
it. But it is too much to ask of me to agree to the matter, I agreed to strike out the word "existing,"
enactment of this Mexican law abrogating slavery. ; j and insert the word "Mexican
If yc are to reaffirm that law—which 1 presume jl Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from New Jer-
is the design of the Senator from New Jersey in !l sey has not answered the precise point of my ob-
his modification—we might, as I said before, as jl jectiori.
well adopt the Wilmot pioviso at once. I wish to J
know whether it is his object, in presenting this I
modification, to reaffirm that law? '
There is another question, also, to which I '
would like a reply. I undeisiood him to state that j
the Constitution of the United States does'not ex- i
tend over these Territories. Now, we all know i
. that there are certain privileges given to the Cath- :
ohe church, by the Mexican law existing in those
Territories when conquered, which are totally in-
consistent with the provisions of our Constitution.
I would inquire whether he proposes by his mod-
Mr. DAYTON. I am coming to it.
Mr. HUNTER. I stated that the word "ex- '
isting" meant so much of the law remaining after :
California was ceded as was not inconsistent with -
our Constitution, but that he reaffirms by this
amendment the law in relation to negro slavery; it
is sacrificing the principle which the South have
hitherto and will in future maintain, and which
affects her dearest interests.
Mr. DAYTON. 1 was answering the Senator,
not all at once, in a single sentence, but categori- t
caily. He conceives that the change of the word I
"existing" into "Mexican" affects the character
of the whole amendment, and invalidates the rights
of the South. Now, if such be his opinion, 1 can
only say to him, restore the amendment to its
original form; 1 have not the slightest objection.
I desire to subserve no purpose of my own in these
modifications. In my understanding of the matter,
the amendment as modified will not reaffirm the
Mexican laws; it wa3 with no such design that I
accepted the modification relating to them. By
this-amendment we do not enact or reenact, annul
or disannul; we simply let things remain as they
are, directing only that the officers who may be
appointed shall exercise the powers heretofore ex-
ercised, and govern the country accordingly.
As to the extension of the Wilmot proviso by
this modification, or dreaming that it was equiva-
lent to an incorporation of that proviso, neither of
those ideas entered into my mind for a moment.
I would most cheerfully assent to any suggestion
which might carry out the views of gentlemen on
the different sides of this Chamber who are desi-
rous simply of giving a government to this country
calculated to suppiess anarchy and disorder—
neither committing one party nor the other, asking
no advantage from the South, nor feeling disposed
to yield any advantage to them. .That was my
sole purpose in offering my amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. I did not wish to interrupt the
ij Senator in his remarks; I simply wish to state that
|| I did not rise before for the purpose of entering
ij into any contest, or of creating the occasion for
one. My sincere desire is to compromise this
question; and I wished to ascertain the feelings of
northern gentlemen, to see if there was any possi-
bility of effecting that end. I am willing to enter
into such a compromise, provided it is based upon
the principle that we leave this question undecided
and m abeyance, and only adopt such laws as may
be necessary in order to preserve the people of
these Territories from anarchy and violence. I am
anxious to secure the country from internal disor-
ders and civil war—evils with which, by late ac-
counts, it appears to be threatened. My remarks
were prompted by a serious desire to effect that
end, if possible; and now, after hearing the state-
ment made by the Senator from New Jersey, I am
willing to vote for his amendment, provided it be
so modified as to attain the end which 1 have sug-
gested, and no other. That is to say, I shoilld be
willing to vote for it so modified, if the proposition
of the Senator from Wisconsin, which 1 prefer,
should fail.
Mr. BERRIEN. The reference which the Sen-
ator from New Jersey has just made -to me, ren-
ders it necessary that I should say a few words m
relation to the modification of this amendment. It
is very true that I suggested to that Senator the
fact, that by an official communication made to the
|] Senate, containing a letter from the Secretary of
jj State, it appeared that there was an existing gov-
't j ernment in California. It was therefore suggested
jj to him that the expression of "existing laws"
jl might be construed to have reference to laws which,
i; as m Oregon, may have been enacted by the extst-
i; ing government, and these it was not the purpose
ij of Congress to carry into effect. .It was therefore
j1 proposed to him to insert in lieu of it the word
j| " Mexican." Thus far the statement of the Seii-
: ator is correct, but it stops short of the most im-
| portant tact; it omits the statement of a fact which
j1 would have obviated the difficulty of the Senator
I fiom Virginia.
li The statement of the Senator from New Jersey
j is confined to a part, and docs not embrace the
whole modification suggested to him, and that it
I was made to depend upon his acceptance of it as&
|! whoie. It was proposed to him to insert after the
j word "Mexican," ihe words "not inconsistent
ij with the Constitution of the United States;" and
■ these words are m my handwriting, upon the paper
of which the Senator has spoken, which contains
the proposed modifications.
Mr. HUNTER, (m his seat.) That would have
been perfectly satisfactory.
Mr. BERRIEN. The Senator from New Jer-
sey declined to receive this modification, and it was
that refusal which induced meto offer the consid-
erations I presented to-day upon the subject under
discussion.
I desire that the Senators from New Jersey and
Virginia will both understand me as not having pro-
