1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
285
30th Cong 2d Sess.
JSew Mexico and California—Mr. Niks.
Senate.
posed to reestablish or continue in force the Mex-
ican laws on the subject of slavery. I do not recog-
nize the proposition, so often and so confidentfy
asserted, that the laws existing in conquered or
ceded tenitoiies remain in force until ihey are
specifically repealed; and I am not disposed to re-
enact them, as this amendment proposes to do. I
suppose that the laws of the conquered territory,
m so tar as they affect the relations of individual
citizens, remain in force until they are repealed by
an act of specific or of general legislation, whicli
shall extend the authority of the conquering nation
over it. Recurring to the proposition which I have
before staled to the Senate, I desire now to say that
1 am ready to maintain it before whatever tribunal
it shall anse. 1 hope to be able to maintain that
the Mexican laws which affect the relations of a
people to their Government do not remain in force,
within the punciple of the decision which is in-
voked for their support. It is not necessary that
1 should enter into any further discussion of this
matter. I barely desired to correct myself, from
hands of the great and patriotic Whig party, .and
it was not of much importance how the President
might stand on it. It was a matter with them, and
i they would take care of it. Jt was said that the
President would not veto the proviso, nor exert
. any influence over it. Now the gentleman from
New Jersey comes forwkrd and proposes to com-
J mit the whole subject to the Presidentelect. And
' perhaps the power may be in part exercised by the
■ present, incumbent, who may anticipate the action
: of his successor, as was the case on another occa-
:sion,and the going out President might lake the
! power ori him. But I suppose it is expecied that
the power will be executed by the incoming Presi-
| dent. But, whether one or the other, I cannot
| sustain either proposition. I regret this, fori was
1 "hi hopes we should have something that we could
; adopt as a temporary measure. I had no expecta-
tion that it would come before us in the form of a
the difficulties which exist there. I believe the
people there can takecare of themselves, and have
no doubt they will. The settlers in Oregon have
done it, and the settlers in California can do it.
Those going from the States are men every way
calculated to do it, to protect their peace and prop-
erty; and it is not'at all important that wegive our
consent that they shall do it. Necessity knows no
law; and if we neglect to exercise the power we
possess of providing a government for them, the
power reverts to the people. This was what Mr.
Jefferson said wiien the British Crown revoked the
authouty of the Colonial Legislature. He said the
powers of legislation, incapable of annihilation,
reverted to the people. They can and will act on
'! the principle of self-preservation. They can do it,
and are doing it now. Gentlemen seem to suppose
that they will cut each other's throats, if we tlo not
adopt some law for them. Sir, they are not a peo-
I compromise, and I was surprised at the language j pie of that description. Those who have gone
! of my friend from Virginia. 1 have not viewed ii from the States, and many who have gone lrom
II it in that light, but I was in hopes it would be a |j the countries on the South American coast and the
i .   .> , . "Sandwich Islands, were our citizens, who have
the possible apprehension that I could have sug- ;; temporary measure only. But this is to be a com-
gested an amendment that could have tlie efiect j , promise, a settlement of the matter; and how?
spoken of. i pjacing the -whole power in the hands of the
Mr. NiLES. Mr. President, I am sorry this
amendment has been modified by the mover of it
so as materially to change its character and effect,
in the lorm in which it was when first introduced,
1 was inclined to give it my support, regarding it
as a temporary piovision for the government of
these Territories. 1 did not regard it as a compro-
mise by any means, i have no disposition to com-
promise the principle or interests involved in this
question; but i was willing to give my support to
a temporary measure, leaving things as Uiey are,
and particularly with legarU to tiie great issue
which we suppose to be involved. But the Sena-
tor has made his amendment now into a peimanent
arrangement—a sort of territorial government. It
was limited to the next session ot Congress, and
would have imposed on it the necessity ot pro-
viding some other lorm of government there. But
as it id, if this amendment is adopted, it becomes a
permanent system till Congiess should act upon it.
And with the difficulties known to exist on this
subject of obtaining the concurrence of tHe two
Houses and of the Executive, we may assume
that there will be no further action till it becomes
a State, i cannot vote for this proposition. 1 am
very sorry, for 1 iiad made up my mind to do it,
believing it the duty of Congress to provide some
government for California, if it was practicable;
and 1 thought this proposition might do as a tem-
poiary provision. But its chaiacter is entirely
changed—it is now a permanent system. And
!; Executive.
1 Mr. HUNTER. I said, especially, that it was
\ \ to be a temporary measure.
j; Mr. NILES. I supposed the Senator had refer-
ence to a compromise of thegreatprinciplemvolved.
ij Mr. MASON, (interposing.) What is that
j; principle?
:j Mr. NILES. It is the restriction of slavery now
ij and forever. I am sorry that I cannot vote for it;
i' and in its original form I could havedone so, though
: I preferred the amendment of the honorable Sena- ,
been drawn to California by this news of gold.
i ^hey understand their rights and the organization
; of government as well as w&. do, and they will
i attend to it undoubtedly. I have some little sus-
1 picion that this anxiety manifested to do something
; in this emergency, saying that these people are m
i a state of anarchy, &e., all the time, has a conncc-
j lion with this vexed question, and that, alter all,
j the main anxiety is to get around the Mexican
i Jaw—that odious law that excludes slavery. Why,
I sir, there is one of the presses in this city, the or-
( gan of the Government,calling on us day after day
to act, pointing out the dangers and difficulties that
tor from Massachusetts, [Mr. Webster.] But, j; exist in California, while in almost every number
as now modified, there is little difference between ii ot the paper you will find the same anxiety mani-
this proposition and that of the honorable Senator J: tested to put down ihe pioviso. We'l, combining
| from Wisconsin; that go^s a little further, I believe, \ ', the two ideas together, 1 suppose that the great
j andj^ives power to make laws generally, and all ii object is to obtain action, under the assumed ur-
| plenary powers of legislation, to the President, ij geucy of the case, so as to get rid of this Mexican
| And what is a despotism, if this is riot^wDo
 oes it
not embrace all the essential elements oiTirbitary,
unregulated, and unrestrained power? A despot-
ism, as defined by Montesquieu, was a union of all
the powers of the Government—the legislative,
executive, and judicial powers are all in it. And
law or proviso. We are ready to meet that ques-
! Uon at any time—to meet it now; but I do not wish
I to be hurried into it by fear of difficulties in Cali-
] forma, real or imaginary. Though 1 feel it to be
! a duty to form a government for these Territories
as promptly and as speedily as we can; yet, if we
cacl>uuvc, anu juuioiai jjuwciss ai& un in it. nuu « uuu 1*0  pvt.uii^ wo >vc vtui, h wc
this proposiuoncomes pretty near to the same thing. cannot torm one now, 1 am not disposed to do
It is supposed that there is not time during the pres-
ent session to obtain the action on this subject of
a more permanent and settled character, and there-
fore,as His declared to be necessary, I was in hopes
some proposition would be presented that i could
vote for. But I must oppose this, for I regard it
as settling this question. 1 look at practical results.
I have always said that I have all reasonable and
"what is it? Why, it is little better than theprop-jj just confidence in the President elect, but we all .
osition of the Senator fiom Wisconsin, for which |j know the position that he occupies, and, unless he 1
it is offered as a substitute. It throws the whole of ...
this Government into the hands of the Executive,
i am not prepared to do that. I am not prepared
to place this Territory under the government of
any Executive. I wouid have as much confidence
in the President elect as m any otner who might
fill that oitice; but 1 am not willing to trust tins
power in the hands ofany Executive. It js clothing
him with civil and judicial power to the lull ex-
tent which may exist there; and that we know
little about.
The amendment also authorizes him to prescribe
and dnect the manner in which they are to exercise
these powers. It is* throwing the whole govern-
ment into the hands of the Executive, leaving the
otficeis to be the creatures of his will, removable
at his pleasure, subject to his control and direction,
with authority to prescribe the manner in which
this authoiity is to be exercised. And they are to
be appointed without the concurrence ot the Senate.
The whole power would be in the hands ot the
President. Well, now, I beg to inquire whether
my friends over the way—those from the Noith
particularly—are ^repaied to vote for this amend-
ment? This very question has been before the
people; it went into the election; and the election
turned,! believe, magood degree, in the free States,
on this issue, that the President would have no con-
trol over the question of slavery in any way or
form, except in the exercise ot the veto power.
That was before the people, inasmuch as it was
claimed by those who supported the successful
candidate that this question would be sale in the
is something more than man, his sympathies must
be on one side of this question. And who would
be the men appointed by the Executive? 'What
would their views be likely to be in reference to
rights set upon one side or the other? Woufd
there be an equal chance that there might not be
wrong from apprehensions ot this kind. 1 believe
there will be some difficulties there, whether we
act on the subject or not. 1 have stated my ob-
jections to this proposition briefly, and shall be
under the necessity of voting against it, and of
course against the one proposed by the Senator
from Wisconsin.
Mr. HUNTER. Some of the remarks uttered
by the Senator from Connecticut [Mr. Niles] seem
to demand at my hands a brief reply. He appears
to suppose, judging from the sneering mariner m
which he spoke, that I had some sinister object m
view in supporting this amendment, and that i. had
aided others in getting it up with some concealed
and perhaps improper purpose. Sir, i knew noth-
ing of this amendment befoie it was introduced;
some unfairness, and that a violation of the Mexi- :! and i may truly say that I came to its support not
can law against slavery might be connived aj;?
i i This is the law which seems to trouble the Sen-
['• ator from Virginia. 1 think we may look at it in
this light, and whether he would not favor those
of his own peculiar views, and with whom he must
be supposed to sympathize. I presume he does
not desire such extraordinary power; that he would
wish to have nothing to do with it; that is, with
; as a leader, but as a follower, willing to aid in any
: attempt to give peace, order, and government to
■ these Territories, if it could be done without sacri-
ficing the indispensable rights of my constituents.
Sir, tne Senator from Connecticut need not have
risen here to convince me that he was averse to
all compromise, i knew there was nothing of
the spirit of compromise within him. 1 will not
| controlling a question of this kind; involving such !| say that he is like a tenant who puts fire to the
deep interests, and agitating the public sentiment
of the whole country. He does not, I presume,
desire the powers of Jegislation on this subject; j
nothing more, I presume, than such executive i
powers as must be necessarily vested in him. But i
we go beyond that. We clothe him with qmsi
legislative powers generally, in addition to the
power to prescribe and regulate the powers which
are to be vested in certain officers. Sir, this is all 1
bad. It is better to do nothing on this subject
than to pass a proposition of this kind. Nor do
I think the necessity so great as many gentlemen
building because he has notice to quit, but I will
say that it would have been more becoming in him
if he had shown a greater desire to save if. Sir, 1
must be allowed to say that the course of the Sen-
ator from Connecticut m relation to this matter is
not such as become his yeais and station, it would
have been moie suitable to both if, instead of taunt-
ing those who were disposed to settle the question,
he had come forward to throw oil upon the wateis,
and show himself as the advocate of peace and
compromise. It would have been much better
thus, than to have acted upon the far-fetched sus-
seem to suppose, though I would be glad to pass ! picion that I had abetted this scheme of compro-
some temporary measuje. But many of the prop- il imse under the idea ot obtaining an advantage,
ositions we have had before us have been worse ;! Why, sir, I have as little cause to presenunyself
than doing nothing lor the people ol the Territo- || as an advocate of compioroise as any one in this
ries. They would tend to embarrass and increase i' body.
Do I not come from a section which is
