1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL .GlOBE.
281
30th Cong 2d Sess.
- New Mexico and California—Mr. Wesicott.
Senate.
ion. Give all time to cool. It is not a propitious
time either to decide upon the Wilmot proviso, or
to further discuss it. No man would be more grat-
ified in his inmost heart to see this que^ion prop-
erly and forever settled according to the Constitu-
• tion. No man can have felt more deeply than I
have, and do, us molnenious character. Its decis-
ion now, either way, is, I fear, fraught with im-
minent penl to our institutions. I have heretofore
said, sir, that the interposition of the illegal action
of Congress, now or hereafter, on thio subject
would be, as it should be, resisted by the South.
How can ihe flame that will burst forth from the
South be stifled ? Who will attempt it? But with
respect to the .North, I hope, if time is given, and
if opportunity is afforded for the influence of patri-
otic citizens in those sections that I know are
attached to the Constitution and Union to be ex-
erted, I believe the present feeling hostile to the
South will subside. I will not despair of the Re-
public when -the virtuous and patriotic can be
aroused lo protect it. Sir, I repeat, if the South
had the ascendency at this time, [ fear the exercise
of its power, even in defence of its constitutional
rights, on this Subject, would be but the signal for
renewed and still more rancorous hostility to the
South by the demagogues and fanatics who have
fanned the flame of discord to its present fierceness.
They must, if time is given, in a brief period sink
to their true position. But, sir, who has any hope
that this question can be decided this session, how-
ever desirable it may be? I have none. 1 reiter-
ate again (to impress it upon Senators) that I do
not desire this slavery question decided now, for I
should not have confidencethatsuch decision would
be final, and that I therefore approve of this amend-
ment because it leaves it undecided. 1 appeal to
Senators on all sides and of all parties to sustain
it: because it avoids such decision, because it post-
pones a dangerous crisis which, I trust under Prov-
idence, may be, if time is afforded, passed through
without harm to my country and institutions. I
vote for this amendment expressly because I am
anxious to give this perilous topic the go-by. My
opinions are known. When the issue forced upon
us arrives, I am prepared to act; but I confess I
shrink with apprehension from the near approach
of a crisis upon the issues of which may depend
the perpeioity of this Union. I would not acceler-
ate the coming of that crisis, but I would give some
chance for the storm to be averted. 1 do not desire
to witness the conflict that is to occur if this amend-
ment, or some similar proposition, be not adopted.
Others may. I cannot. I envy no man who does.
Mr. President, it is no part of my purpose to
discuss at length the questions which occupied the
Senate the last few days, as to the extension of the
Constitution of the United States per se over these
Territories, upon their annexation by treaty, or as
to the necessity of a legislative act so to extend
it. My opinions on this subject have been here-
tofore fully expressed on this floor, and are to be
found in your published debates. It is proper,
however, that I should refer to these questions so
far as to correct some erroneous conceptions of
what 1 have formerly urged. In 1846, after Cali-
fornia and New Mexico were conquered, and
whilst they were in possession of our troops, and
while the war was existing, I moved here tu adopt
measures to give the people there a civil govern-
ment instead of a military government. I preferred
laws passed here to the law of the sword. I urged
that, until we extended the Federal Constitution
over those countries, though in our possession and
under our flag, it was not in force there, nor were
our laws in force there; and hence, I urged that
we should so extend both. Those countries were
not then annexed, and of course my argument did
not apply to their present relation to the United
States since the treaty. Such was my argument,
too, as to Oregon before its relinquishment below
49° by Great Britain to us. The correct principle
applicable to those countries in their present rela-
tion to us was, if I understood him correctly, laid
down by the Senator from Georgia [Mr. Berrien]
this evening. These are substantially the same as
were maintained by me in remarks 1 delivered on
this floor in July last. That doctrine is, that the
principles of the Constitution, and that all those
provisions of that instrument properly applicable
to a Federal territory, acquired by the United
States by cession from a foreign government, at-
tach to such territory forthwith, upon its annex-
ation to the United States. There are provisions
that do not in terms apply, that have no reference
whatever to Territories, and cannot be made to
apply to them/ Of course these cannot now be in
force in the Territories, for they would be useless.
Those provisions, for instance, respecting Senators
and Representatives in Congress ftom the States—
those relating to the organization of Congress—
those respecting electors of President and Vice
President, and several others that obviously can
have no bearing on the Territories. But it may
be laid down as an indisputable principle, that all
the rules therein prescribed for the legislation of
! Congress of a general character, and not limited in
terms to the States, and that are not obviously inap-'
piieable to the Territories, apply to the legislative
powers of Congress with respect to the Territories.
And, in addition to this, Congress is restrained
with respect to Territories, so far as it respects the
legislation of a local character, and purely munici-
pal, to a limited kind of legislation—the making
" of needful rules and regulations'* merely, as con-
tradistinguished from the general law-mfking pow-
er, and which is of lesser character.
Mr. WEBSTER, (interposing.) Will the Sen-
ator inform me how, if his argument be correct,
Congress canprovide for the appointment of judges
in the Territories for a term of years insiead of
during gootT behavior, the term prescribed in the
Constitution as that for which Federal judges shall
hold their offices?
Mr. WESTCOTT. Cheerfully. Simply because
the provision in the Constitution referred to by the
honorable Senator dues not in terms or in us spirit
refer to Territories, and is from circumstances
wholly inapplicable to them. Necessity demands,
from the temporary character of the territorial or-
ganization, that the tenure of offices under that
organization should be temporary. The provision
cited has reference to the permanent Federal Judi-
ciary in the States. It is suggested by a Senator
near me that another answer is, tha^ Congress pos-
sesses, with reference to a Territory, the powers
of a State Legislature. I will not urge such argu-
ment, for I do not concede its correctness. The
sufficient answer is, that the term of officc fixed
by the Constitution for the judges of the United
States in the States is inappropriate to the judges ■
of the Territories. That provision is within the i
exception 1 have before adverted to, and admitted, j
as to those parts of the Constitution which are not j
intended for, and cannot be properly made applica- [
ble to, the Territories. In one sense the territorial \
courts are not (as the Supreme Court have decided) j
constitutional courts; but surely it is not meant by
this that they ate created by Congress in disregaid
and violation of the Constitution. The Supreme
Court do not say this, but the reverse.
Mr. WEBSTER. Does theSenator believe that
Congress could authorize the appointment of j udges
in the States to hold their offices for a term of
years, for any purpose whatever?
Mr. WESTCOTT. Certainly not; and because
the express terms of the provisional* the Constitu-
tion referred to prohibit it.
&Lr. WEBSTER. The terms of the provision
are general, and they do not exclude Territories;
and if all the provisions of the Constitution extend
to the Territories as well as to the States, and, as
is contended, control the legislation of Congress
with respect to Territories, tins provision applies
to one with the same foice as to the other.
Mr. WESTCOTT. I do not concede this. As
I have just said, the provision is inapplicable to
the Territories, and was obviously intended ex-
clusively for the States; and hence it does not re-
strain our legislation m this respect as to Temto-
ries. The courts and judges it refers to were the
judges of the United States m the States.
1 would now ask a question of the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Webster,] in tj
turn, and, as I have answered those put by him to ;j
me, I hope he will give his attention and make jj
response also. , ||
There is a provision of the Constitution which >:
provides that " the right of the people to be secure :j
4 in their persons, houses, papers, and eflects j]
' against unreasonable searches arid seizures shall j,
* not be violated, and no warrants shall issue but j
* upon probable cause, supported by oath or af- jj
* firmation, and particularly describing the placc Si
* to be searched and the persons or things to Jbe
'seized.'5
Now, I ask theSenator, does not this provision
extend to California and New Mexico? i, ask if
j the citizens of California who have gone there
| from the United States have lost this shield against
j the oppression of official functionaries?
{ Mr. WEBSTER. There is no such thing as a
i citizen of California.
j Mr. WESTCOTT. Well, a citizen of the
: United States in California. I ask the Senator rf
• those who have gone there from the States, have
lost the birthright of their citizenship by their re-
moval? Is it possible that Persifer Smith, distin-
guished alike as a soldier and a„s a citizen—can it.
be that General Bennet Riley, a hero of Cerro *
Gordo and Contreras, have, by obeying the order
pf their Government in going with the troops to
the Pacific, lost their rights as citizens of the Uni-
ted States? Have the officers and soldiers who
have gone there in the service of the United States
become aliens? Are they outlawed, disfranchised,
and to be regarded as foreigners, and out of the
pale of the Constitution, and your laws under it?
Mr. WEBSTER. Certainly not. General Per-
sifer Smith and his brother officers are just as much
citizens as ever*
Mr. WESTCOTT. Then, sir, as citizens they
are entitled to the protection of that Constitution
they have sworn to support. No, sir! No, sir!
Not an American citizen there, can be arrested for
; crime, nor can his castle be searched or invaded,
| except as allowed by the Constitution. Theie
i must be a warrant issued upon an affidavit. I ask
the Senator is not this so? *
Mr. WEBSTER. That depends- on the laws
of the place.
Mr. WESTCOTT. No, sir, the Constitution
of the United States overrides and overrules any
local laws that would allow such oppression. 1 am
perfectly willing to leave the decision of this ques-
tion to the intelligent American people, and do not
fear that prejudice in any section would induce a
wrong decision. All I desire is that the question
shall be understood. I hold that the right of every
citizen of the United States to the protection ef the
j Constitution belongs'to him, and goes with-him
wherever he may go under the American flag. God
forbid it should not be so. Reject the first amend-
ment and adopt that of the Senator from New Jer-
sey, recognizing the Mexican laws, and those taws
only, as being in operation in those Territoues,
and then suppose one of the American civil offi-
cers, proposed to be appointed under these law?,
and to create them, snould arbitrarily imprison,
or otherwise oppress a citizen, under color of offi-
cial authority, what is the redress of the citizen?
Is he to sue the officer—where? before whom? and
how ? And if the officer shows that the Mexican
laws do not provide for the punishment of such
outrage by him, is he to go quit? Is Congress to
punish the officer? If not, who is? What, I ask,
is the remedy and redress the injured citizen would
have in such case? Regard the Constitution as in
force there, and no one is in danger of outrage or
oppression of this kind. It is a safe and secure
shield against it.
I would further ask those who contend that no y
provision of the Constitution of the United States
applies proprio vigore to the Territories, whether
Congress could pass a law granting a patent of no-
bility or title to any person m the Territories? Does
the prohibition on the power of Congress on this
subject apply only to the States, and to citizens in
them ? The answer will test thCcorrectness of the
position assumed on both sides. The Senator from
Massachusetts, a day or two ago, asked the Sena-
tor from South Carolina, not now m his seat, [Mr.
Calhoun,] a question as to the power of the Gen-
eial Government in relation to internal impiove-
ments m the Territories. The reply of the Senator
frotn South Carolina was satisfactory, as far as it
went, with respect to the ditference between the
power of Congress on that subject with reference
to the States and with reference to the Territories.
But there is another reason for this difference w hich
was not alluded to. It is this: The States are sov-
ereign—the Territories are not. The sovereignty
of the people in the Territories is dormant and in
abeyance till a State government is organized and
established. I repel the ideaof the Federal Govern-
ment having political sovereignty ■.over the people
