283
appendix to the congressional globe.
[Feb. 26,
30th Cong. ..2d Sess.
New Mexico and California—Mr. Westcott, etc.
Senate.
of a Territory, founded upon the fact that the Uni-
ted States are the proprietors of the lands, or the
chief part of the lands in such Territory. But, in
a State, the Federal Government has not even such
pretence of sovereignty, and cannot even enter its
boundaries to make internal improvements without
her consent.
Mr." WEBSTER.- That is the very question in
dispute. You take it for granted.
Mr. WESTCOTT. No, sir; I am stating the
distinction that I conceive exists in the two cases.
Nobody contends that Territories have the right to
forbid the United States making such improvements
within their limits. I contend for the inherent
sovereignty of the people of the Territories, but it is
dormant, and incapable of being exercised till the
State is organized. It does not exist to repel the
United States; and the interest of the United States',
as proprietor of lands in Territories, would preclude
such opposition, if the interests of the people of the
Territories themselves did not influence to invite
such improvements.
One word on another point. The first amend-
ment refers the entire power proposed to be exer-
cised at present, as to these Territories, to the
President. It is known that I didjiot support the
election of General Taylor; but i have confidence
that,the power will be exercised,properly. He
has eviry inducement to so exercise it wisely and
properly. I would not embarrass his administra-
tion if 1 could, and especially would I not use this
delicate subject as a political party measure in any-
wise. On the contrary, sir, I regard the reference
of this temporary organization of these Teiritories
to him as affording him an opportunity to gather
civic glory as imperishable as the military renown
lie has acquired m the service of his country, -by
adopting a patriotic and judicious course. If he
should avert the threatened storm impending over
the country, he will earn a meed of honor for his
success, corresponding in degree to the infamy
those deserve who have brought it upon us. I
repeat, I have confidence he will act wisely, judi-
ciously, and patriotically.
I c4p not consider the clause in the amendment
expressly extending in terms the Constitution of
the United States as at all important or necessary. :
Out of abundant caution others may desire it, and >
1 am content. -Wherever the Constitution extends
no legislation can be necessary to1 give it efficacy,
it speaks for itself and stands for itself. It would
be as appropriate to insert a proviso at the end of
all of our laws: "Provided nothing that is uncon-
stitutional in this act shall be valid." The clause
being kept in or stricken out will not affect my |
vole. Without it, I hold the principles of that ;
instrument will be in full foicein the Territories I
as well as in the Slates, and will control. If this .
is not so, il should be so. If the Constitution does !
not extend, of its own force, it should be extended i
by express law. Nobody denies ourpower to ex- |
tend it by law. No one here disputes such power, j
We should exercise it. There is no difficulty m '
this. ^ Like the fabled tent we are told of in the
Arabian Tales, that Constitution, at the bidding i
of its possessor, can be expanded to cover a vast !
army, or contracted for the protection of a solitary '
traveler. j
The question was then taken on Mr. Dayton's !
amendment to Mr. Walker's amendment, in the •
following words:
"That until other provision for the government of the !'
Territories recently acquired from Mexico, under the late ;i
treaty with that Government, (dated becond February, eigh- ''
teen iimiiired and forly-emht,) shall be made by Congress, all •:
the military, civil, and judicial powers heietofore exercised li
by the officers ot the Mexican Government in the same Ter- Ji
ritoiies, shall be vested m such person or persons, and shall li
be exeicised in Mich manner, the President of the United -
States? shall direct, for the maint lining the inhabitants of said j'
Teiritoiles in the free enjoyment of iheir liberty, property,and :'
religion; and the laws of the United State*, relating to the
revenue and it? collection, shall be extended to said Territo-
ries. And the President of the United States shall be, and
he h hereby, authonzed, within the term aforesaid, to estab-
lish such districts for the collection of the revenue, and during
the recess ot Congress appoint such officers, whose comrnis- J:
Bions tdiall expire at the end of the next session ot Congress, j!
to enforce the sauJ laws, a-* to him shall seem expedient; li
said officers to receive such compensation as the President j!
jnay prescribe, not exceeding double the compensation >j
neretofoie paid to similar office* s of the United States, or its i,
.territories, for fike service; and to enable the «ame to be "
done, tae sum of two hundred thousand dollars be appro-
priated, out of any money in the treasury not otherwise
appropriated."
The yeas and nays being called/or and ordered,
they resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atherton, Cameron, Dayton, Dodge
of Wisconsin, Dodge ol iowa, Hamlin, and Manguin—8.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Ber-
rien, Borland, Bradbuty, Bright, Butler, Clarke, Corwin,
Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Mississippi, Dickinson,
Dix, Douglas, Downs, Feich, Fitzgerald, Fitzpatrick, i'oote,
Greene, Hale, Hannegan, Houston, Hunter, Johnson of Ma-
ryland, Johnson Of Louisiana, Johnson ot Georgia, Jones,
King, Mason, Miller, Niles, Phelps, Rusk, Sebastian, Spru-
ance, Sturgeon, Turney, Underwood, Upham, Wales, Walk-
er, Webster, Westeott, and Yulee—47.
The question .then recurred on Mr. ■Walker's
amendment.
Mr. BERRIEN offered a modification of the
amendment, which Mr. Walker accepted, so that
the amendment now reads as follows:
" rite. —. J3ni be it farther enacted, That the Constitution
of the United States, m so lar as ifs provisions can be ap-
plied to the condition of a Tenitory, and all and singular
the several acts of Congress ie&pecting llie registering, re-
cording, enrolling, or licensing ships or vesstK, and the
entry and clearance thereof, and the foreign and coasti-ng
trade and fisheries, and ail the acts respecting the imposing
and collecting of duties on imports, and all acts respecting
trade and intercourse with the Indian tubes, and ail acts
respecting the public lands, or the survey or sale thereof, and
all find singular the other acts of Congress of a public and
general character., and the provisions whereof are suitable
aBd proper to be applied to iJ^e territory west of the Rio del
Norte, acquired from Mexico by the treaty of the second day
ot' February, eighteen hundred and lorty-eight, be, and the
same are heieby, extended over and given ^'ull force and
efficacy in all said territory; and the President or'the United
States be, and lie is hereby, authorized to pi escribe and
establish all proper and needlul rules* and regulations (in
coniorinity with the Constitution ot the United States) for
the enforcement ot the piovisions of the Constitution here-
lubelore reterred toot &aid laws in said territory,and tor
the preservation of order and tranquillity, and the establish-
ment ot justice theiem, and from time to tune to modily
or change the said rules and regulations in such manner as
may seem to him discreet and proper, and may prescribe
and establish, temporarily, such divisions, distucts, ports,
offices, and airarigements proper for the execution oi said
law*, and appoint aud eommis.-ion sucli officeisas may be
necessary to administer such laws in said teiruory,for such
term oi terms aN he may prescribe, whose authority shall
continue until otherwise provided by Congress; said otii-
cer.s to receive such compensation as the President maj pre-
scribe, not exceeding double the compensation heretofore
j paid to similar officers ot the United States, or its Ternto-
: nes, tor like services; and, to enable the same to be done,
tht sum of two hundred thousand dollars be appropnaied,
out ot any money in the treasury not otherwise appropria-
ted."
Mr. BALDWIN. Mr. President, I do not rise
to prolong the debate. I rise to state my general
concurrence in the sentiment expressed by my
honorable colleague in regard to the inexpediency
of Congress passing, in the form of a permanent
law, and especially in an appropriation bill, a pro-
vision like this for a-government for California.
1 also wish to direct the attention of the Senate to
one provision in this amendment. It reads thus:
| " Sec. —. Jind he it Jurther enacted, That the Constitution
' of the United States, and all and singuldr th<; several acts ot
[ Congress respecting the registering, lecording, enrolling, or
! licensing ships or vessels, and tn« entiy and clearance
| tntreof, and the foreign and coasting trade," &c.
j Now, I ask the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr.
■ Walker] if he has ever thought that that provis-
i ion would extend to the Territory of California the
! ninth section of the act prohibiting the importation
| of slaves into the United States, which secuon
j provides—
I "That the captain, master, or commander of any ship or
vessel, of forty ton*. buiden or more, on aud alter the first
day ot January, ltO&, sailing coastwise trom any port in the
United States to an> port or place wuiitn the jurisdiction of |
the same, having on board any negio, mulatto, or person oi j
color, lor the purpose of fcransporting them to such pou or S
place, to be held to service oi labor, shall, prcviou? to the i
depaiture of such ship or vessel, make out a duplicate and I
manifest of every such negro, mulatto, or person of color on '
board such ship or vessel, the lr or name, and deliver i
the mamlest to the collector, who shall confirm it," See. ;
This is a provision of law under which the j
coastwise traffic between one slave State and an- !
j other is now carried on. And if this provision •
! regulating the coastwisc trade in this particular is
I extended, as it would be by the provisions of this l'
j amendment, to the Territory of California, why it !'
, would, to that extent, certainly be regaided as a '
sanction by Congress of the extension of this coast-
wise traffic to all these immense territories belong- \
ing to the United States, and within our acknowl- ,
edged jurisdiction. |
Mr. President, I am utterly opposed (if it were
proper to legislate at all upotf this subject in this
appropriation bill) to the enactment of any law •
embracing in general terms all the variety oY rem- ■■
lauons that are here contained. 1 think that it li
would be the wiser course to specify particularly
every act that it is expedient to adopt for the gov-
ernment of the Territory, or to apply to the Ter-
ritory, artti not to adopt, under the sweeping pro-
visions contained in this amendment, all the variety
of laws, many of which certainly must be out of
the recollection of Senators palled upon to act upon
them, and many of which it might be very im«
proper to extend to these Territories. The course
heretofore pursued, unless I am mistaken, in re-
gard to Territories—ceitainly in regard to most of
them—has been to specify theparticular acts which
it was deemed expedient to extend to new Terri-
tories,and which were deemed suitable to them.
But, sir, I do not rise for the purpose of making
a speech upon this amendment, but simply to call
attention to these objections to the adoption of the
amendment now before the Senate, and also for
the purpose of stating my own opposition to con-
curring in any of the amendments which have been
proposed to this appropriation bill. 1 deem it an
improper place to legislate for the government of
these Territories. We have, as^assuggested the
other day by the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Webster,] a bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives already before us, and when we act upon
that bill the subject will be fairly open for any
amendment which any gentleman may have to
offer upon the subject.
Mr. BUTLER. I would ask the honorable
Senator what bill we have from the House of Rep-
resentatives to which amendments touching this
subject can be offered with more propriety than
upon this bill ?
Mr. BALDWIN. The bill for extending the
revenue laws over California.
Mr. WALKER. I would ask the honorable
Senator from Connecticutifthe provision of the law
which he has just read applies to Connecticut?
Mr. BALDWIN. It applies to all the Territo-
ries within the jurisdiction of the United States.
Mr. WALBLER. It is just about as much of a
mare's nest as if it applied to Connecticut. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the words " west of the Rio
Grande," and inserting the word " territory" m
the place of the word " territories."
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, it is not my
intention to inflict a speech upon the Senate at this
advanced stage of the session. I have merely
risen to state my objection to any amendment of
the character of that proposed by the honorable
gentleman from Kentucky. I presume that the
passage of the amendment brought forward by
the honorable gentleman from Wisconsin will not
entirely close the question to which the amend-
ment of the honorable gentleman from Kentucky
obviously points; and if that Senator should, at
' any future time, see proper to raise that question,
| we, who represent Texas on this floor, will be pre-
| pared, 1 am satisfied, to show that the Rio Grande
j is the western boundary of Texas; that she owns
i every foot of land up to the eastern bank of that
I river. As the amendment now stands, it certainly
; does not invade the rights of the Territories pro-
. posed, or the Slate proposed, or of the United
States. Nor was it in any such spirit, or with
; any such design, that that amendment was sug-
' gested and framed. It was suggested and framed
with a disposition not only to allay all feeling in
| the other House, but with a disposition, at least
on the part of the gentleman who introduced it,
' without consultation, to accord to Texas that por-
tion of territory which she has ever claimed from
the very inception of her existence. And I pre-
sume that no one who has any regard for the rights
of Texas will leave that, so far as it affects her, an
open question.
With these remasks, Mr. President, I will take
leave of the subject, only adding that I shall vote
for no amendment which may seem even te men-
ace the rights of the State which I havfc the honor
in part to represent.
Mr, RUSK. Mr. President, I would not will-
ingly trespass upon the patience of the Senate at
so late an hour, but I must beg their indulgence
while I say a few words upon a subject upon which
I feel constrained to speak.
I regret exceedingly that the honorable Senator
from Kentucky [Mr. Underwood] should have
taken this occasion to offer an amendment of this
