290
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 28,
30th Cong 2d Sbss.
New Mexico and California^—Mr. Dioo.
Senate.
months. In both cases, the duration of the act
was limited to the'close of the same or the ensuing
fission of Congress. The powers conferred were
to expire at a certain period. The want of such
a provision in this amendment constitutes one of
the strongest objections to it. But even this omis-
sion sinks into insignificance when compared with
the magnitude of the powers which the amend-
ment confers.
I cannot believe this amendment can receive all
the constitutional sanctions necessary to give it the
Validity of 18 w. I shall, therefore, proceed to ex-
amine the other propositions before the Senate^
as we may be called upon to act on them when ir1
is too late for discussion. I wish to avail myself,
for a very short time, of the privilege which has
been taken by other Senators, of speaking upon
the different propositions before us.
The 14th May, 1787, was the day" fixed for the
meeting of the Federal Convention by which the
Constitution of the United States was framed. A
majority of the States was not convened until the
Sofh of the same month; and nothing was done,
■with the exception of organizing and adopting
rules for the orderly transaction of business, until
the 29th, when Governor Randolph, of "Virginia,
to use the language of the Journal, " opened the
main business of the session;" or, as he expi essed
l^imself, "the great subject of their mission." He
spoke of the difficulty of the crisis, the necessity
of revising the Federal system, the properties such
a government ought to possess, the defects of the
Confederation, the dangerous situation of theStates,
and the remedy. His propositions for the correc-
tion and enlargement of the Articles'of Confedera-
tion, so as to accomplish the objects of "their insti-
tution, were stated in a series of resolutions, one
of which declared that provision ought to be made
for the admission of States, lawfully arising within
the limits of the United States, whether from a
voluntary junction of government and territory, or
otherwise. He was immediately followed by Mr.
Charles Pinckney,pf South Carolina, who present-
ed a plan of a Federal Constitution, in which it was
provided that the Legislature should have power
to admit new States into the Union on the same
terms witfrthe original States, provjeted two-thirds
of the members present in both Houses agree.
We all know in what manner these propositions
were modified in the subsequent proceedings of
the Convention, and the limitations by which the
exercise of the power was guarded by the framers
of the Constitution. How far the extension of our
political jurisdiction beyond the existing boundaries
of the States and their territoiies was in contempla-
tion at that time, I do not stop to inquire. We
have given a practical construction to this provision
of the Constitution. We have admitted into the
Union si.x States beyond the limits of the thirteen
oiiginal States and their territories—one an inde-
pendent nation, and the others colonial dependen-
cies at the time of their acquisition.
The debates in the Federal Convention, which
seem to have had an exclusive^ reference to the ad-
mission of new States from territory we then pos-
sessed, show that, even in these cases, the exten-
sion of the proposed system, so as to include new
members, was deemed a matter of the utmost del-
icacy and importance, not only as affecting the !
proper baiancc of its parts, but in respect to the j
moral influence of such extension upon the char- I
acter of the whole. This disposition in the origin- ]
al States to suiround the system with all the safe- \
guards necessary to insure its stability, and to |
perpetuate the principles in which its foundations 1
were laid, had even an earlier ddte than the era of '
the Federal Constitution. It is shown in the ordi-
nance of the Congress of the Confederation, pro- 1
viding for the territory northwest of the Ohio river, j
The ordinance prescribed rules for the government '
of that territory, in its moral as well as its political 1
relations; and it imposed upon the admission of '
the States to be formed out of it, in respect to rep-
resentation, conditions more onerous than those
which were annexed by the Federal Convention J
to the representation of the thirteen original States. J1
These exactions and conditions all had for their ;
object to maintain the purity of the system, the i
homogeneousness of its parts, and the harmony of !
its movements. They looked to training and dis-
cipline in the school of representative government
before the communities which were to be incorpo-!'
rated into the Union were raised to the dignity and
equality of sovereign States.
Sir, I hold to this prudence and caution in the
founders of the Republic. I believe it to be due
to ourselves, to the institutions they framed, and
to the future millions whose destiny for good or
for evil is in some degree to be wrought out in our
political action.
1 deduce, then, from the organization of the Gov-
ernment, this practical principle, which I hold to
be fundamental: that no State ought to be admitted
into the Union which has not been prepared by
a familiar knowledge of the theory-and practice of
our political system, and by such a training in the
discipline of free institutions as to render its parti-
cipation in the administration of the general con-
cerns an aid and an advantage, not an embarrass-
ment and an obstacle, to the steady action of the
system.
This requirement, which 1 consider absolute, is
not fulfilled by the condition of California. The
bill reported by the select committee admits that
territory into the Union at once as a sovereign
State. That, too, was the purport of the amend-
ment of the Senator from Tennessee, though it
embraced New Mexico also. This proposition is
directly opposed to all the practical rules and usages
of the republic, from its foundation to the present
day. It is in palpable violation of the principle 1
have stated as inherent in the organization of the
Federal Government. It discards all the pruden-
tial considerations which entered into the reason-
ings of the framers of the Constitution concerning
the extension of our political system.
Let me state some of the leading objections to
it, as they relate to the condition of California: 1.
Its present inhabitants are, to a considerable extent,
Indians or Mexicans of mixed blood. 2. They
are, for the most part, uneducated. 3. They are
not sufficiently familiar with the business of self-
government. 4. They do not even speak our lan-
guage. 5. They would not come into the Union
with an enlightened understanding of the principles
of our political system, or with the general cultiva-
tion and.intelligence essential to such a fulfillment
of the duties and responsibilities of the American
citizen as to render them safe participants in the
.administration oF the Government. I need not
enlarge upon these propositions. Those who are
familiar with the condition of California and the
character of the people will assent to their truth.
I hold these objections to the immediate admission
of California into the Union as a State—objections
drawn from the character and condition of the peo-
ple—to be insuperable. I know very well that
territory is rapidly filling up, and that it is receiv-
ing from us thousands of citizens, active, enter-
prising, and of unexceptionable character. But we
know also that it is receiving multitudes of adven-
turer? from almost every quarter of the globe—
from both hemispheres—from Oceanicato the Eu-
ropean continent and islands—some for a permanent
abode, but more for mere temporary purposes. I
wish to see this heterogeneous mass pass through
the process of fermentation, to which it is destined,
and settle down' into something like consistence,
before we undertake to endow it with all the at-
tributes of self-government.
This view of the subject is sustained by the uni-
form practice of the Government. 1. Our alien
laws have always prescribed a period of probation
for individuals who come among us for a permanent
abode, and to unite their fortunes to ours. This
period has always been of several years in dura-
tion. The most liberal (and of these 1 ha\ealways
claimed to be one) have never proposed to dispense
altogether with this probationary term. The only
question is as to its proper extent. It proceeds
upon the principle, admitted by all, that no man
shall become a member of our political association
until he has been taught by experience to appre-
ciate its advantages, and to take part in its delib-
erations with some knowledge of its requirements.
2. The same principle which has governed in cavses
of individual immigration has been applied to ter-
ritories acquired by treaty and to large masses of
persons. When Louisiana was ceded to us by
France, we stipulated that the inhabitants should
be incorporated into the Union, and admitted as
soon as possible, according to the principles of the
Federal Constitution, to the enjoymentof the rights,
advantages, and immunities of citizens of the Uni-
ted States; and in the mean time that they should
be maintained and protected in the enjoymentof
their liberty, their property, and in the exercise of
the religion they professed.
Louisiana was acquired in 1803. The inhabit-
ants made repeated applications for admission into1
the Union; they protested against the tardy action
of Congress; they appealed to the treaty in vindi-
cation of their right to such admission. Yet Con-
gress refused to admit Louisiana into the Union
as a State until 1812. Nine years were deemed
necessary to prepare the inhabitants for the exer-
cise of the highest political rights, though there
was a strong infusion of our own citizens amonsr
them.
Florida was acquired in 1820; and in the treaty
| with Spain there was a stipulation nearly identical
I in language with that which.was contained in the
treaty with France for the cession of Louisiana, in
respect to the admission of the inhabitants mto
the Union. Yet Florida was not admitted as a
j State until 1845—a quarter of a century after its
' acquisition. 1 know that numbers had something
to do with this delay; but other considerations
doubtless had their influence also. These tern-
tones were both foreign; and, when acquired, their
inhabitants weie presumed to have but little knowl-
edge of the theory or practice of our political insti-
tutions.
But, even with our own territories and our own
people, we have dealt with the same caution and
the same prudent regard to the privileges which an
admission into the Union confers. Instead of cur-
tailing the period of probation, where Congress
had a discretion, we have rather been disposed to
insist on a rigid fulfillment of the prescribed con-
ditions, both in respect to numbers and time.
The ordinance of 1787, by which the division
of the territory northwest of the Ohio river into
States, and the ultimate incorporation of those
States into the Union, Were provided for, fixed on
sixty thousand free inhabitants, as the number
necessary to' their admission; but it was provided
also that, so far as it should consist with the gen-
eral interest of the Confederacy, such admission
might be allowed at an earlier period, and with a
less number of inhabitants. Yet Ohio was not
admitted into the Union until 1802. It must have
had sixty thousand inhabitants; and it was admit-
ted with a single member of Congress. At the
same time the ratio of representation in Congress
was one member for thirty-three thousand inhab-
itants.
Indiana was admitted in 1816, Illinois in 1818,
Michigan in 1837, and Wisconsin a year ago.
These Territories were settled chiefly by our own
people. The settlers came from the old States.
They were nurtured in the love of liberty, and
trained to the exercise of political rights. All
their associations were of a character to render
them safe depositaries of the priceless treasure of
freedom. Yet they were subjected to a protracted
probation. They weie held in political subjection,
not only in respect to the appointment of their
chief executive officers, but in the more delicate
relation of supervising and overruling them in the
exercise of the power of legislation.
Such, Mr. President, has been our practice, not
only in respect to territories acquired by treaties
with foreign Powers, but in respect to our own
people occupying territories held by a tenure co-
eval with our political independence. The bill
reported by the select committee proposes to over-
throw and reverse the uniform practice of the
country in this essential particular. This practice
assumes that some familiarity with the duties and
privileges of citizenship is necessary for the in-
habitants of a teriitory as a preparation for the
independent management of their public affairs.
It supposes that a territorial government, founded
upon principles and administered according to laws
analogous to those which govern the State admin-
istrations, should precede the admission of a Ter-
ritory into the Union, it holds the privileges, the
responsibilities, the lights incident to an independ-
ent membership of the political association, into
which the States have entered, to be of too great
a value to be communicated to other communities
without a just regai d to their capacity for assuming
and exeiciying them with advantage to others as
well as to'themselves.
The bill discards ail these considerations. Cali-
