1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
30th Cong 1st Sess.
New Mexico and California—Mr. J)l\
Senate.
fornia has not yet been acquired a single year; nine
months ago it was foreign territory. Its population
is foreign; its interests, associations, usages, laws,
and institutions, are, in some degree, alien to-our
own." The people do not even speak oar language;
they cannot read our Constitution or laws without
translating them into a foreign tongue. Yet the
committee propose to admit it into the Union on
the footing of the original States, and to give u a
weight in this body equal to that of Virginia, or
Pennsylvania, or New York. With a population,
perhaps, of twenty thousand souls, it is to wield
here an influence equal to that of New Y~ork with
three millions.
I cannot consent to cheapen in this manner an
independent membership in the union of the States.
I believe it to be unjust to the present members of
the Union, hazardous to the stability of the Gov-
ernment, a departure from a -wise and well-con-
sidered policy, and unjust, as 1 shall endeavor to
show, to California herself.
He* physical and social condition is as unsuited
to the independent management of her own con-
cerns as her intellectual and moral. Her popula-
tion is scattered over a vast surface; her improve-
ments are not such as to give stability to her po-
litical organization; she has no commerce; she has
hardly emerged from the pastoral state and risen
to the grade of an agricultural community. She
has not the strength to uphold an independent sov-
ereignty. The recent discoveiies of gold have
made a bad condition worse; they have dissolved,
for the time being, the very bonds of society. It
•will require months, if not years, to restore order,
to bring back her people to the sober pursuits of
industry, and to qualify them for any deliberative
purpose. I belteve there never was a community
less fitted than California is at this moment, and
under existing circumstances, to organize a gov-
ernment and put it in operation. All the influences
which are at work with the minds and passions of
men, are to the Jast degree unfavorable to the high
duty the bill imposes on them. When all the ob-
ligations which bind men to the performance of
tfyeir duty appear to have lost their force;" when
ships are abandoned by their crews; when soldiers
desert by platoons and companies; when villages
and towns are depopulated; and when the whole
community is possessed by the phrensy of gold
digging, and lose sight of all other objects, we call
upon them to meet in solemn conclave and perform
the highest and most responsible of all deliberative
acts—that of framing a constitution for their own
government—a work of deliberation and soberness
and calm reflection, i have been from the begin-
ning opposed to this whole scheme. I believe, if
ever there was an occasion, since the foundations
of this Republic were laid, when it was incumbent
upon Congress to establish a temporary govern-
ment for a Territory, to provide for its wants, to
give direction to its action, and to sustain it by the
collective wisdom and strength of the whole com-
munity, until it shall have passed through the pe-
riod of probation to which al! our Territories have
been subjected—a period rendered doubly perilous ]
there by the prevailing disorganization—thatocca- j
sion is presented in the condition of California. ;
lam in favor, then, of a territorial government, '
endowed with the energy to control and remedy j
existing embarrassments and evils. 1 believe the j
course proper in all similar cases is preeminently j
projier in this. I shall concur In no other, unless i
it be for a mere temporary purpose. And it was j
with great regret that 1 heard honorable Senators |
say there was no hope of giving California a terri- j
tonal government. I do not concur in opinion j
with them. I will not relinquish hope until the |
last moment. The most certain mode of giving J
effect to a feeling of hopelessness is to despair of j
the battle before it is fought, and resort to other i
devices to supply our own want ot constancy and ;
courage. '
The objections I ha\e stated to this bill are in- ,
superable; they «re fundamental, and therefore not ;
to be obviated. Tnere are objections of detail, which
might be remedied; but I will merely state, with- (
out enlarging upon them—as no variation in the j
details can reconcile me to the general purpose of
the bill—the. immediate admission of California •
intc^the Union as a State.
Of these objections 1 consider the dismember- i
mentof California one of the most serious. I would l
keep that territory as it is until the spread of pop-
ulation and the growth of improvement shall indi-
cate where the division line can be drawn with
least prejudice to the parties concerned, The bill
proposes a chain of mountains as the easterly
boundary. Sir, physical obstacles are not always
the most appropriate or convenient for statistical
divisions. Moral obstacles are more poweiful to
repel, and moral affinities more powerful to attract,
than physical. Identity or diversity of race, asso-
ciation, or condition often does more than rivers,
and mountains, and plains to bind men together or
force thera asunder. What is there, for instance,
in the class of natural obstacles more appropriate
for a statistical demarcation than the Alleghany
mountains? And yet they have not sufficed to
divide Virginia into two distinctcommunities. Nor
have they sufficed to divide Pennsylvania into two
States. What is there more suitable for such a
purpose than the Chesapeake bay ? And yet Ma-
ryland lies on both sides of it. If we were to look
to physical obstacles as constituting the most ap-
propriate boundary for California on the east, we
ought to stop at the Sierra Nevada, which is more
elevated than the boundary of the committee, "the
dividing ridge separating the waters flowing into
the Colorado from those flowing iYito the Great
Basin," or we ought to go on to the Sierra Madre,
and leave the territory with its present limits. We
need not consider geographical extent as an ob-
jection to the organization of a territorial govern-
ment. When Louisiana was acquired, we placed
all that part of it north of the thirty-third parallel
of latitude under the direction of the Governor and
the Judges of the Indiana Territory, for the pur-
poses of government and the administration of
justice; and it had a more extended area than Cal-
ifornia.
•j Let us leave statistical divisions to be fixed by
events. The movement of population, physical
development, social progress, ailH their incidents
—these are the great causes which mark out per-
manent boundaries between separate States, Let
us leave California to be filled up, and the races
which occupy it cambetter determine than we who
shall live apart and who together.
The disposition which the bill makes of New
Mexico, I consider, if possible, still more objec-
tionable. She was known long before the era of
Von Humboldt as having a distinct organization.
In connection with Durango and Chihuahua, she
constituted an independent member of the Mexican
Confederation, under the constitutive act of 1824,
and a separate territory under the constitution of
that year. The consolidation of the confederated
States into a central republic, under the constitu-
tion of 183G, made her a separate department, with
an independent organization for the management
of her local concerns. We have held commercfal
intercourse with her under laws applying only to
herself and another member of the Mexican Re-
public. She has had an individual name, existence,
and organization. So far as I am concerned, they [
shall be respected. I will neither consent that she j
shall be dismembered nor merged in a more ex-
tended organization. Subjection by conquest is ,
the greatest humiliation that can befall a commu- j
mty. The magnanimity of the conquerors should j
spare the subjugated State the further humiliation j
of dismemberment, or the obliteration of its iden- >
tity in a useless extension. I will neither consent 1
to play towards New Mexico the part of Austria, i
Russia, and Prussia, towards Poland,nor the part |
of the Holy Alliance towards Genoa. I will neither i
agree that she shall be divided nor swallowed up. j
She has petitioned to us to-save her from dismem- i
berment. i am for exercising our power over her \
with humanity as well as forbearance—for con- t
forming, as far as we can, to the wishes of the j
vanquished. 1 believe she is now, considering all j
circumstances, as well fitted to come into the Union :
as California. I will not consent to dilute what .
fitness for self-government she possesses by a ter- j
ritorial expansion, of which I can neither com pre- \
hentl the object nor foicsee the lesult. |
But it is' not quite clear, from the language-of i
this bill, what is to be the fate of New Mexico— j
whether she is to be merged wholly or in part in i
Texas, or merely drawn out to the Pacific. It the i
latter—a7>d I suppose this to be the intention of j
the committee—she will be stretched out some two
or three hundred miles westward on the north, i
and eight or nine hundred on the south. But- the
New Mexico created by the bill is to be bounded
on the east by the summit of the Rocky Moun-
tains and the State of Texas. The Rocky Moun-
tains, or the Sierra Madie, a continuation of then*,
are now the western boundary of New Mexico*
I am not sure whether they would not under this
bill become the western boundary of Texas. I
am not sure that New Mexico would not be
merged in Texas by the mere designation of a
boundary hne. The bill seems to me, by a literal
constiuction of its terms, to accomplish these three
objects, alike objectionable in my mind: 1. The
annexation of New Mexico to Texas. 2. The
dismemberment of California. And, 3, the creation
of a new State of New Mexico, wholly within the
limits of California, and wholly without the limits
of the present New Mexico.
Nor is this all. While the bill introduces Cali-
fornia into the Unionj it leaves New Mexico out of
it. We consent that it shall become a State of this
Union, with the name and style of the State of New
Mexico, as soon as it shall have the proper number
of inhabitants. What is the proper number of in-
habitants? Louisiana was admitted into the Union
with about .eighty thousand; (1 speak in round •
numbers;) Ohio with about sixty thousand; Illinois
with forty thousand; Michigan with one.hundred
and fifty thousand; and Florida with perhaps thirty
thousand white persons. Where is the criterion
of proper numbers to be sought for? Is it in the
ratio of representation in Congress? Why not
say so, if it be intended? The greater portion of ■
\ the territory is nearly unpopulated. It is not
; likely, either from its position or physical charac-
: ter, to be populated rapidly. What is to be its
; political condition until it has the proper number
' of inhabitants? It cannot be admitted into the
j Union until then. What is to become of it in the
: mean time? To what political category is it to
J belong? ft is not to be a Territory. The bill
| makes no piovision for it as such. We merely
i cut it off from California, and leave it to the un-
! certain progress of events, and the still more un-
certain phraseology of our own statute. We cast
i it away, to use a barbarous law phrase, "a flotsam99
1 on the ocean of politics—"incei turn quo fata ferant"
i —to reclaim it ourselves at some future day, if we
j can find it first, and agree afterwards on the mean-
I ing of our own enactment.
I I am opposed to this whole scheme; it seems to
| me to have been dictated by a desire to avoid em-
i barrassing questions. I trust I appreciate rightly
the motives of honorable Senators. But I hold
I that there is always more embarrassment in post-
j poning or evading troublesome questions than in
! meeting them boldly, and disposing of them prompt-
I ly when they piesent themselves. I propose to
j myself but two inquiries in reference to the course
i we ought to adopt. 1. What docs the interest of
the country, and, 2. What does the interest of
California and New Mexico require? The answer
seems to me to be too clear to be mistaken, i have
already given it. Both considerations point to a
territorial government, framed on proper principles.
What shall these principles be? This is the only
question whicirremains to be considered. Recog-
nizing, as 1 do, to the fullest extent, the Demo-
cratic doctiine of instructions, I am not altogether
a free agent in this matter. Dining the last three
years resolutions have been as many times passed
by the Legislature of New Yoik, and presented
here by myself, declaring that m any territories
acquired fiorn Mexico slavery ought to be prohib-
ited. I have endeavored tocarry out the instructions
by which those resolutions were accompanied. I
have done so with the more cheerfulness, because,
apart from all obligation of obedience, I believe
them just.
I hold, then, that territorial governments ought
to be oi^.uiized for California and New Mexico,
and that the act establishing them should contain
a prohibition of slavery. I believe there never was
an occasion in which such a prohibition was de-
manded by higher obligations than the present. I
shall endeavor to make it apparent to the judgment
of the Senate, and for this reason I shall be under
the necessity of entering into a brief review of the
origin and progress of slavery in the United Slates;
and 1 shaU begin with the condition of the Ameri-
can colonics before the establishment of their inde-
pendence.
