1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL 6LOBE.
30th Cong 2d JSess.
New Mexico and California—Mr. Dickinson.
Senate.
would seem to afford, prima facie, suffiqjent evi-
dence of its authority. But there are higher evi-
dences. In the law of 5th April, 1837, of which
an extract is given below, it is recognized in the
following terms:
"Los duenos de esclavos? manumitidos por ?a pre«ente
\ey 6 por el decreto de 15 de Seiiembre de 1829, ser&n m-
demnizado-y etc. [Coletciori de Leyes y Decreto^ etc..
tomoa, pag 201 ] J ^ '
[Translation.]—The masters of slaves manumitted by the
present law or by the decree of the 15th of September, 1829,
shall he indemnified, &,c. [Collection of Laws and Decrees*
&c., vol. 8, page 201.]
The extraordinary powers, by virtue of which
this decree was made, do not appear to have been
conferred, as Mr. Berrien supposes, for the pur-
pose of repelling invasion. The decree does hot
show that they had such a purpose at all. They
were vested in the Executive by an act of the
Third Constitutional Congress, in the following
words:
FACULTADES EXTRAORDINAKIAS AL GOBIERNO.
Art. 1. Le autorixa al cjecutivo de la Pedeiacion para
adoptar cuantos medidas sean necesarias & la conservaiinn
de la indepf ndencia, del histema actual de gobierno, yde la
tranrpiihdad.
2 Por el articulo anterior no qaeda el gobierno autorizado
para di^poner de la vida de Mejicanos, ni para espeltrlos del
territ^no de la Republica.
3. E-ta auton/,acion ces-ar& tanluego como el Congreso
General s-e reuna en se.-iones Oidinarias.
[Coleccion de las Leyes y Decretos expedidos por el Con-
greso General, etc., de lfe'29 y 1630, pag. 55.]
[Translation.]
EXTRAORDINARY TOWERS TO THE GOVERN-
MENT.
Art. I. The Executive ol the Confederation is authorized
to adopt whatever mea&ures may be necessary lor the pres-
ervation ot independenee, of the present system of govern-
ment, and of fiauquilliiy.
Art 2. By the preceding article the Government is not
authoruid to dispose of the lives or Mexicans, or to expel
them from the territory of the Republic.
Art. 3. This authority shall ce^e do soon as the General
Congress shall meet in ordiaaiy serious.
[Collection of Laws and Decices made by the General
Congre&s, &.c., of 1 29 and 1830. page 55.]
The powers conferred by the first article are
only limited by the provisions of the second and
third, excepting so far as they may be considered
restiaineti by the purposes lor which they were
conferred. These purposes are very extensive—
so much so as to comprehend nearly ail the great
ends of government. The decree of President
Guerrero, as will be perceived, has reference to the
very purposes for which the extiaordiriaiy powers
were delegated—to suppoit " independence15 and
strengthen the "public tranquillity." The extraor-
dinary powers referred to were conceded on the
25th August, 1829, and the government was re-
quired to report to the Congress to assemble in
January, 1 30, the necessity that existed in the
cases in winch it had exercised the powers con-
ferred by the first article. The Congress met in
January, and continued in session, ordinary and
extiaordmary, with brief intermissions, till the
29th December, 1830. During this period, the
decree of Guerrero was untouched. But on the
15th February, 1831, a resolution was passed by
Congress declaung that the laws, decrecs, rules,
orders, and provisions, which belonged to the legis-
lative authority, and which the government had
made by virtue of the extraordinary powers re- s
ferred to, were subject to the qualification ot Con-
gress, and were to be without etfect until levised j
by the Chambers. There were, however, excep- |
tions to the rule. How far the decree ot Guerrero
was affected by this declaration—whether it was ,
an authority executed and not to be revoked, or
whether it was suspended m-its operation until ;
1837, it is not necessary to inquire. The sub-
sequent recognition of the decree-by legislative
and constitutional enactments disposes of the qucs- ^
tiun of authority. It is hardly admissible in us :
to dispute the validity of an act of the Mexican ;
Government thus recognized in Mexico; or to as- ,
sert, in the face of that recognition, that the power [
of abolishing slavery belonged to the municipal ,
authorities of the several feuues.
The act of Congress of 1837, referred to by Mr. ;
Dix, is in the following words: j
" Uueda abolulu sin eM-epeion al«?una la esclavittid en ;
tod.i la republica : Abnl 5, de 1M7." [Colleceioii de Le)es j
3 I)< ireiori, eio., tomo pag. 201 ] !
[Truncation.]—Slavers is toiler abolished, without unj ,
e\o< pi ion, in the w hob' lepubhc ' April 5, ltd/. [Collet - [
lion ol Laws and Decrees oi tlir General Congress ot tbe
Umted Mexican States, voJuuw 8, page 201.] j
The constitution of 1844 (of Tacubaya) reiter- i
ates the prohibition of slavery in the following
words: *' Slavery is forever prohibited."—Thomp-
son's Mexico, page 180.
It will be perceived that the constitution of 1844
does not abolish slavery: it prohibits it. From
the difference between the phraseology of the de-
cree of 1829 and the .act of Congress of 1837 and
that of the constitution of 1844, is it not fairly to be
inferred that the latter designed to prohibit in the
future what the two former acts had abolished in
the past?
On the strength of these authorities, Mr. Dix
asserted that Mexico had long since abolished
slavery throughout the republic.
Mr. DICKINSON obtained the floor, after Mr.
Dix had concluded. He said:
I do not forget, Mr. President, nor do I intend
the country shall forget, that more than six months
have rolled away since the Senate, after mature
deliberation and full debate, passed a bill erecting
efficient civil governments in the Territories of
New Mexico and California, and sent it to the
House of Representatives for concurrence; where
it still reposes upon the table unacted on; though
•by the joint lules of the two Houses, it has vitality
at this, as it had at the last session, and needs only
the concurrence of that branch, and the signature
of the President, to become a law. Under these
circumstances, had I been left to consult my own
wishes, I would have taken no further steps until
the immediate representatives of the people should,
in their wisdom, so far sympathize with the neces-
sitous condition of the Territories in question, and
the demands of the people throughout the Union, as
to act upon this bill which we sent them, and either
pass it as it is, or with amendments, or reject it alto-
gether. The responsibility ot leaving these Tein-
tories without government has heretofore rested
with the popular branch, and there I would have
left it; for I am confident nothing will pass there,
unless it contains some element of discord which
cannot and ought not to receive the sanction of the
Senate. But otner Senators, whose hopes are more
sanguine than my own, in view of the peculiar and
alarming circumstances, have thought proper to
make further efforts, and to that end have brought
forward various propositions for the consideration
of the Senate; somegivinga temporary, and some a
more permanent government for theTerrilories, and
among them that of the Senator from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Walker,]nowunderconsideration. ltisnow
at the close of the session, and the last hope of pro-
viding a governmentrestsin thisamendment; for, if
it is not adopted, nothing else on this subject will
be. It well came as an offering of peace from that
young and cherished State which has just been ad-
mitted into the Union, and her Senator who offers
it, for his patriotic devotion, is entitled not only to
the thanks of his constituents, but to the grateful
acknowledgments of the whole people of the Union.
These Teintones, with the inhabitants residing
therein, I need not say, were recently transferred
by a foreign government to the United States, under
a treaty of peace. We have taken them from their
former government, if government it can be called,
to our protecting arms; and since it is our practice
to fashion governments for our Tenitories, we are
admonished by every consideration that can influ-
ence human action, to extend to them that security
of life, liberty, and property which our Constitu-
tion guaranties to the humblest American citizen.
The amendment under consideration attains this
end; and although I would have preferred it in
another place and in another form, it being this or
nothing, i have cheerfully yielded all objection
cither to form or substance, and shall vote here-
after, as I have before, with a view to enact it into
a law. And I crave the mduigence of the Senate
for a few moments while I state the reasons which
influence me—an indulgence* I would not have
sought, but for the somewhat extraordinary, and,
as 1 think, inconsistent reasons taken against it by ,
my honorable colleague. The leading objection j
urged in this regard is, that it confeis too much ,
power upon the Executive; and, although my col- ,
league professes to repose high confidence m the ,
distinguished individual who is soon to be invested
with the responsibility of the Executive functions, j
he declares he will commit to the hands of no ohief
Magistrate powers so extensive and plenary. At J
the last session a bill was under consideration con-1
ferritin no unusual power on the Executive; and
this one, too, my colleague opposed and voted
againstforother reasons. Underotherand ordinary
circumstances, I should regard a proposition of this
kind with disfavor; buj: a peculiar emergency has
arisen in our history, demanding prompt and de-
cisive measures, and, for one, I am prepared to meet
it with corresponding action. I have no honeyed
phrases for the ear of the incoming President. It
is enough for me that I have done him no in justice,
in thought, word, or deed. If he is interested to
know my sentimehts concerning him", he will best
learn them by the manner in which I shall dis-
charge the relations in which we are soon to be
placed, and I shall judge of him by his public and
official conduct. For all the purposes ot this ques-
tion, I will not inquire upon what name is cast the
powers and responsibilities of tbe Executive, nor
by what portion of the people elected. I shall re-
gard him only as the great and honored agent of
the American people; upon him as such 1 shall
seek to devolve the duties, and in him as such I
shall confide for their discreet and judicious exer-
cise; holding him at all times, as those whose ser-
vant he is will hold him, to a most rigid and severe
accountability. He is clothed by the Constitution
with the whole power of the army and navy of the
United States, of which he is commander-in-chief,
and in that capacity will wield for the preservation
of order in these Territories all that is arbitrary
and despotic in our institutions, and I fear not to
mitigate the rigor of this sanguinary code by "sub-
stituting the Constitution for the sword, the min-
ister of justice for the bayoneted soldier, and the
rectifying influences of the common law for mili-
| tary rule. It is merely permitting the President
| temporarily, and until Congress shall make fur-
ther provisions, through legal and constitutional
agencies, to extend to the people civil instead of
military government; for the purpose 6f enforcing
the performance of contracts, of punishing crime,
and for the preservation of social order. And
when its propriety is rendered obvious by circum-
stances of such extreme urgency, I shall favor it
with my whole heart, let who will oppose, and for
whatever reasons, alleged or real. Nor can those
consistently resist it who believe that a government-
of opinion and law is superior in its moral influ-
ences to a government of force. Without descend-
ing to details-as tedious as they are profitless, it is
sufficient for my purpose to say, that the amend-
ment under consideration is the same in substance
i as the laws by which Florida and Louisiana were
successfully governed for a number of years after
their acquisition, respectively, by the United States.
They were acquired, as were New Mexico and
California, with a foreign population. Under this
Executive form of government, prosperity attended
them; they were admitted into the Union as equal
members of the Confederacy, and no detriment
came to either government or people. It is far
easier to cavil over and multiply objections against
any and every proposition which can be suggested,
than to procure the passage of some reasonable
measure which will give law and protection to those
which have neither.
But my colleague, in detailing his reasons for
opposing this amendment, has employed some of
the strongest arguments m its favor; reasons which
doubtless induced its introduction in this form by
the Senator wlio moved it. He reminds us that
the inhabitants residing there on the ratification of
the treaty were a semi-barbarous race, who could
neither read, write, speajf, nor understand our
language; that they are utterly unacquainted with
the character of our institutions, and have none of
i the essential qualifications of freemen; that the
temporary inhabitants and those who have migrated
there are many of them deseiters from the army
and navy—outcasts and adventurers from all parts
of the world, of the most desperate and abandoned
character, attracted thither by a spirit of avarice,
without the moial restraints which uphold civilized
communities; and that the bonds of society are
virtually dissolved. And yet, when this is the
last hope of extending them any protection, in the
same breath he inveighs against giving them a
temporary government peculiarly suited to their
anomalous condition, and strong enough to hold
in check the violence and anarchy which so alarm.--
m*ly prevail there, lest it may not be, word for
word and letter for letter, as some other territorial
