1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
297
30th Cong 2d Sess.
New Mexico and, California—Mr. Dickinson.
Senate.
compel the third by force to submit to their terms. I
Besides, if there is any particular charm belonging I
to this ordinance which entitles it to be adopted, 1
whether applicable or not to our condition, it should
be taken as a whole-—in all its parts and with all
its provisions. One of these is as follows, and its
perusal will show the utter absurdity of its appli-
cation to our present condition:
"That both the temporary arid permanent governments shall
be e.-"tabhsbed on these principles as tlieir basis: that they
shall be subjectto paya partot the Federal debts,contracted
or to be contracted, to be apportioned on them by Congre s
according to tile same common rule and measure by vthieh
apportionments thereof shall be made on the other Stales."
A proposal at this time to impose upon the tem-
porary government of a Territory a portion of the
Federal debts, contracted orto be contracted, would
be universally received throughout the Union with
derision and indignation; and yet it may be as
fairly insisted upon, as a valuable precedent or
binding authority, as any other provision of the
ordinance. We must not go forward, but all legis-
lation must be arrested until the burial-field of de-
ceased documents can be ransacked, and the mar-
rowless bones of the ordinance of '87 be clothed
anew with flesh and sinews, that it may per/orm,
regardless of the Constitution, an office it was de-
. signed to discharge without one. We must be
dragged back from a perfect Union to a patched-up
Confederacy, and our mature manhood of this
century be cramped and fettered by the swaddling
habiliments of the infant of a past one. Anarchy
must reign, and bloodshed and crime and disorder
triumph in the Territories, until we can demon-
strate a political problem from some musty prece-
dent, and, instead of acting for ourselves, as the
occasion requires, we must try to ascertain how
others have acted at some other time, upon some
other occasion, that we may act like them.
But it seems that the cognomen by which this
ordinance lias recently Tieen known, and under
which it has transacted a somewhat extensive
business, is no longer deemed desirable, and that
a change, which is seldom sought for slight or
transient causes, has been thought prudent, if not
necessary. My honorable colleague, feeling an
interest m the success and welfare of this deceased
paper, not only burst its cerements and brought it
up again to revisit earth, but himself led it to the
political font, and performed the priestly ritual of
christening it the "Jefferson proviso!" If the
illustrious and venerated statesman whose impress
rests upon all that is enduring and beautiful m our
political system, could so far participate in the af-
fairs of the living as to see his acts for good per-
verted to pernicious purposes; hear his memory
desecrated by associating his history with this
causeless agitation; his authority invoked for cast-
ing amongst us this apple of bitterness and discord;
and, finally, hear those who would still fan the
fires of disunion, disturb his repose by calling
upon his great and spotless name, he would ex-
claim, as did the prophet raised by the incantations
of the familiar spirit, when the guilty Saul would
have escaped from the consequences of his perfid-
ious carecr, "Why hast thou disquieted me to
bring me up?" My colleague is proverbial for
his strong sense of justice, and his scrupulous re-
gard for the rights of property; and yet he has,
quite unconsciously, I am sure, proposed to do an
act which must be a violation of both—an act
which his generous instincts will prompt him to
correct the first moment he sees the consequences
which must ensue. He is well versed in classic
ami political readings; the first, of which must have
taught him that Mark Antony gave up all for
women, and the latter that a distinguished individ-
ual gave up all else that the " proviso" might bear
his name; and yet he coolly proposes to transfer
this name, with all its accumulated honors and in-
valuable advantages, to another. Sir, in the name
of common justice, 1 mostsoiemnly protest against
this marked and wanton violation of pmate and
individual right. Call it the " Jefferson proviso!"
Should this be attempted, the individual by whose
name it has been known might cry out, somewhat
in the language of Iago—
" Who t-teah m\ puise,steals trash; *ti-f something,nothing;
1 t'was mine, 'tis In-'; anil lias been slave to thousands.
Rut he that tilehos from me my proviso,
Itobs me of that u-hich iivt cnvjics htm,
And make* me 2>oor inilcal."
My colleague, notwithstanding the degraded and
disorderly condition and unfit character for self-
government which he attributes to the people of
these Territories, would give them a full territorial
government if it could .contain his favorite clause
of restriction. Now, a full territorial government,
as heretofore given, authorizes the election by the
people of a Territorial Legislature, and the passage
by such Legislature of their municipal laws, usual-
ly, but not always, subject to the supervision of
Congress; and in these relations it will be seen that
they are called upon to exercise some of the highest
privileges of freemen. If, then, they are so igno-
rant, degraded, and barbarous as to be unfitted for
any of the duties of self-government, why propose
to require them at their hands, or object to th^
preservation of order in a more summary form,
until they shail be better qualified? But, in argu-
ing the justice and propriety of applying the re-
striction to the organization of a territorial govern-
ment, he states that Congress stands in the same
relation to the people of a Territory that the State
Legislatures do to the people of' a State. Prom
this doctrine I respectfully but most unqualifiedly
dissent, and insist that the relations are entirely
dissimilar. The State Legislatures are the creations
of the people of the respective States. The mem-
bers of the State Legislature are elected by the
people of the State, and are their representatives
and servants; but no such relation exists, or has
ever existed, between Congress and the people of
a Territory. Congress is not created by the peo-
ple of the Territory. They have no vote in it; its
members are not elected by, nor are they the ser-
vants or the representatives of the people of the
Territories, or in the remotest degree answerable
to them. Congress holds the same relation to the
people of the Territories that the British Parliament
held to the American colonies; and the doctrines
sought to be enforced by those who advocate the
restrictive policy are the same old exploded theo-
ries of George III., against which our fathers re-
belled, dressed up in new clothes, that the imposi-
tion may be the more successful. The principle
that a distant people, in the formation of a govern-
ment, need a master to administer restrictions to
preserve them from running headlong to ruin ill
their policy, is founded in a distrust of popular
intelligence and virtue; and, whether emanating
from an Eastern despotism, the British Parliament,
or the American Congress, violates the first princi-
ples of free government, and seeks to rule a people
rather than permit them to rule themselves. The
American people, when colonies, being no further
from the mother country than our Pacific posses-
sions are from us, insisted, to revolution and blood,
upon the right to legislate for themselves; and now,
should they seek to enforce the same doctrine upon
the people of their own Territories, they would be
like him who, after his own debt was forgiven him,
took his fellow-servant by the throat that he might
enforce the payment of a two-penny demand.
1 have urged, for the government of the Terri-
toiies, when a sufficient number of American citi-
zens or others who can appreciate the obligations
of freemen shall be there, a free territorial gov-
ernment—not that kind of freedom which, with
liberty on its lips, distrusts the-capacity of man
for self-government, and seeks to hedge him about
with provisoes and restrictions; nor that freedom
which must be kept in leadmg-stnrgs, held by
some master-power three thousand miles distant,
lest man shall careless for himself than his distant
fellows shall care for him, and be less wise in gov-
erning himself than others would be in acting as
his governor. The Constitution has given no au-
thoiity to Congress to legislate for the people of a
Terutory, and consequently it has no such right; j
and Mr. Madison has pronounced any such at- j
tempt without the shadow of constitutional law. '
Bui, tn legislating for the property of Territories, I
which Congress may do, and in aiding the infant
settlements to erect their government, Congress has
prescribed general enactments, serving as consti- :
tuttons for the people of the Territory rather than j
laws, and has sent out officers to aid in enforcing i
them. This course has in all cases been received
with favor by the people of the Territoues; they ;
have adopted as their own what Congress has been ;
pleased to send them, and have framed their own i
local laws, from time to time, m accordance with ;
the legislation of Congress. But the whole doctrine j
of a just government, according to the republican I
j theory, consists in the consent of the governed;
j and any other, no matter by what name it is known,
j is despotism and slavery. And it is from the con-
i sent of the people of the Territory, and the ac-
quiescence of the States, that this usage has derived
! all its force. But those who advocate restriction
seek to repudiate this principle of true self-govern-
ment, and then proclaim it too feeble for the sphere
of its d uties. I do not contend that the people of
a Territory have sovereign powers as a govern-
ment, because the sovereignty of a government as
such is a creation of man. But, as man derives
his sovereignty from his Maker, I insist that the
people of a Territory are as much sovereign, there,
as in a State, (unless, which will not be contended,
they may lose their birthright by residing in a
Territory,) and in all that concerns or relates to
their domesticeonditionshould, in conformity with
our federative system and the principle of self-
government, be peimitted to make their own tem-
porary regulations of domestic policy—of course
in harmony with the principles of the Constitution
and the rights of the States. This would give to
the people of the Territories the rights that belong
to them; would turn the vexatious and agitating
question of slavery out of Congress, where it has
no business, and should never have entered, and
leave the constitutional rights of the States upon*
this question to be decided by the judicial tribu-
nals, when any one shall see fit to raise it. To
this complexion it must come; for, if the Consti-
tution confers the right to carry slaves to a Terri-
tory, ail the acts which Congress can pass forever
cannot take away the right, nor transfer it to other
tribunals. It is a judicial question,"and must be
disposed of as the Constitution has provided.
In further proceeding with his argument in favor
of the restrictive principle, my colleague describes
slavery as amongst the greatest evils, both appa-
rent and real, that can afflict and debase a people;
and yet he will not trust our brethren, friends, and
neighbors, who are emigrating there in thousands
from the northern States, who will shape the des-
tinies of this country, and control the course of its
legislation, and are as well qualified to legislate as
the people of the States whom they have left behind
them, lest they may, against their own interests,
wishes, and convenience, erect slavery there m
spite of themselves. Does he not fear the people
of New York will reestablish it? There is no
proviso to prevent them from doing so whenever
! they please; and perchance our friends, when they
I reach California, and will be no further from us
| than wc are from them, may have fears about
! equally just that slavery may be again authorized
m the northern States. Besides, while seeking to
protect them frfrni themselves against this great and
overshadowing evil, if they are indeed incapable of
self-government and self-preservation, there are
some of minor moment to which they must stand
exposed; and I would suggest to those who believe
in governing other communities that they should
be exempted by law from drowning by the waters
of the Pacific, and from destiuction by fire; or, as
the poet expresses it, from " sinking in the de-
vouring flood, or more devouring flame."
We have been told m this debate, what I have
often heard before, that those who are constantly
agitating this question have no intention of inter-
fering with slavery in the States. Oh, no! as
though a forbearance so generous was entitled to
great commendation. And what merit, pray tell,
is claimed for this ? Would any one take to him-
self credit because he did not enter the jurisdiction
of a sovereign State and trample upon its laws, and
subject himself to a charge of felony, and set him-
self up to regulate the standard of us political and
social morals, and claim ihe right to overthrow that
which he disliked and help himself to whatever he
should desire ? He certainly would not; and yet he
would have as good a right to do all this,in a moral
or political sense, as he would to interfere with this
institution in the States where it exists by law.
Why are we not also told, if there is a merit in
abstaining from matters in which we have no con-
cern, that there is no intention to interfeie with the
manufacturing system of Massachusetts, or the
banking in Indiana, or the rights of primogeniture
m England, or the Republican Government in
France? We have as much right to do either as
we have to interfere in any respect with the do-
mestic affairs of a sovereign State.
