300
APPENDIX TO THlE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 28,
30th Cong 2d Se&s.
New Mexico and California—Mr. Herschell V. Johnson.
Senate.
sent on this floor, to present, very briefly, ttie views
which I entertain upon some of the topics which
have been touched during the progress of this
debate.
No man feels more sensibly than I do the im-
portance of giving law and government to oar
Pacific Territories. The considerations which
render this necessity obvious are so apparent, and
have been so elaborately discussed by those who
have preceded me, that I deem it superfluous to
intrude them at length upon the attention of the
Senate.
These Territories have been acquired by the
expenditure of common blood and treasure; and
their intrinsic and relative value is beyond compu-
tation. The richness' of the gold mines of Califor-
nia scarcely finds a parallel in the history of the
world. They have been imbedded there for ages,
still accumulating by the washings from the adja-
cent mountains. They have been given to the arts
of civilization and commerce as the trophies of
American valor. They have produced a profound
sensation,.not here only, but throughout the civil-
ized world. They are attracting daily thousands
of our own enterprising citizens, and also crowds
from the ports of Europe and the islands of the
pacific. All congregrate there, greedy-to accumu-
late wealth, and to appropriate, without let or hin-
drance, the public property; for these mines are the
common property of the States; and, whatever may
be said in favor of the right of our own citizens to
go thither and disinter their treasures, none will
contend that foreigners, from the shores of Europe,
from South America, and the East India islands,
should be permitted to indulge in their unrestrained
plunder. It is incumbent, therefore, upon Congress
to adopt measures, and that without delay, to pro-
tect the public^jroperty of the United States, and
to secure, as far as may be, all its benefits to our
own people.
It is indispensable also that our revenue laws
should be enforced at all our ports on the Pacific.
We have already lost perhaps not less than a quar-
ter of a rffillion for the want of regulations there
for the collection of duties on imports. Under our
warehousing system, vast quantities of imported
goods remain in store at all our ports of entry,
upon which the importer is not required to pay
duties until they are taken out for sale; and if he
desires to reship them to another port in the Uni-
ted States, he has the privilege of removing them
without the payment of duties. This regulation
is wise and just. But, nevertheless, since the dis-
covery of the gold mines in California, and the
vast emigration which it has produced, immense
caigoes of warehoused goods have been removed,
especially from Boston, New York,and Baltimore,
and shipped to California, where, the revenue laws
not being enforced, they are entered free of duty,
and to the great loss of the Government. Our
Government is in debt, and we need ail the reve-
■ nue which our tariff system will yield. This is a
strong reason for the adoption of some measure at
the present session of Congress which will secure
the execution of our laws in those remote Terri-
tories.
Nor is this all. The location of these Territo-
ries in relation to the populous islands of ihe Pa-
cific, China, and the countries of the East, clearly
point to an almost boundless commerce, to be
realized at no distant day. It is the duty of a wise
and expansive statesmanship to encourage an early
development of such a commerce by the enforce-
ment of wholesome laws, and the establishment
of such institutions, political and social, as will
give impulse to the arts of civilization and refine-
ment.
Nor can the duty be less imperative to protect
our enterprising fellow-citizens who have gone to
California, against the violence and anarchy which \
must exist, wherever there is no mode of punish- '
ing the vicious, the dishonest, and lawless. The j
character of the population there must necessarily !;
be mixed, composed of Indians, half civilized i;
Mexicans, and foteigners from every clime. The
occupation of mining, as its history shows in all !!
ages and in every country, is debasing to the finer
feelings of ojir nature; it inflames the baser pas- Ij
sions, atjd without the restraints of law it is the 'j
parent of every vice known to the catalogue of;!
crime. We are, therefore, called upon, by every jj
consideration which should influence the action of !l
legislators, to extend our laws, and throw over
New Mexico and California our protecting aegis.
The necessity for such action is immediate and
urgent.
What, then, should be the character of the gov-
ernment which wt? should give them ? The nature
of the emergency suggests what ought to be its
principal feature. It must combine energy with
the capacity for its summary exertion; and, there-
fore, our legislation should be such as may be put
into the most speedy and efficient operation. The
amendment now under consideration does, in my
judgment, combine these indispensable requisites.
It extends immediately such provisions of the Con-
stitution and laws of the United States over our
territory west of the Rio Grande a3 are applicable
to its condition and necessities. It authorizes the
President of the United States " to prescribe and
' establish all proper and needful rules and regula-
' tions, in conformity with the Constitution of the
' United States, for the enforcement of said laws in
' said Territory,.and for the preservation of order
' and tranquillity and the establishment of justice
' therein, and from time to time to modify or change
' the said rules and regulations in such manner as
' may seem to him discreet and proper.*' It also
empowers him to " prescribe and establish, tem-
' porarily, such divisions, districts, ports, offices,
' and arrangements proper for the execution of
1 said laws, and to appoint and commission such
' officers as may be necessary to administer such
' laws in said Territory for such term or terms as
' he may prescribe, whose authority shall con-
' tinue until otherwise provided by Congress."
Clothed with these powers, it is obvious that the
President will be able to give the most speedy and
ample protection to the public property of the
United States, and secure the gold mines from un-
authorized plunder by foreign emigrants. He can
enforce the collection of duties on foreign imports,
in conformity with our revenue laws; and he can
preserve tranquillity and good order among the
mixed population which is so rapidly congregating
there from every point of the compass. All this
can be effected with far less delay than by any
other mode of organization which we could adopt.
It meets the emergency in all its prominent features,
and therefore I cheerfully give it my support.
There are, however, some objections to it, and
I am sensible of their weight. But I do not regard
them as paramount, and I shall not dwell upon
them. Under circumstances less urgent, I would
' not sanction any measure which vests so much
j power in the hands of the Executive as is conferred
; by this amendment. But'it is intended to be only
| temporary in its duration; the President is clothed
j with no legislative powers; and, in the establish-
'• ment of " needful rules and regulations," he is ex-
; pressly confined to the limits of the Constitution.
| Moreover, the whole arrangement is liable to be
' supersede '
Congress,
is but little reason to apprehend abuses by the
President in the execution of the provisions of this
amendment. I will confide in his patriotism, his
Peters' Reports, page 511, which has been relied
on to support the proposition advanced by the
member from New Jersey, [Mr. Dayton,] recog-
nizes a principle which, if correct, (and it has never
been disputed,) sustains most amply the position
for which the South contends. In delivering his
opinion in that case, Chief Justice Marshall, speak-
ing of the effect of cession by treaty upon the rela-
tions of the inhabitants of the territory ceded,
said:
" The same act which transfers their country transfers the
allegiance of those who remain in it, ami the law which may
be denominated political is necessarily changed."
It follows, therefore, as an irresistible inference,
that the law of the conquering country " which
may be denominated political" supervenes. Now,
what law of the United States " may be denomi-
natedjpolitical?" Is it not emphatically the Consti-
tution? It is perfectly clear, therefore, that, to
instants in which the treaty of peace between this
Government and Mexico was executed, the Con-
stitution, which is the political law of the United
States, was extended over the Territories of New
Mexico and California.
Nor shall I pause to discuss the power of Con-
gress to extend the Constitution, by legislative act,
over these Territories. It is absurd to deny such
a power. Lamentable, indeed, is the condition of
the inhabitants of New Mexico and California, if
it be not competent for Congress to afford them the
benefits of our Constitution. More lamentable
still the condition of thoSe of our fellow-citizens
who have emigrated thither in obedience to a spirit
of enterprise and adventure, which pervades the
entire extent of the Republic. The assumption of
such a position shows conclusively the subterfuges
to which the enemies of the South will resort to
accomplish their hostile designs against her peculiar
institutions.
But, sir, I desire to notice particularly the obvi-
ous motive of this leading objection of the Senator
from New Jersey [Mr. Dayton] to the amendment
now under consideration. That motive has been
avowed. It has been endorsed by several Senators
from the North, and disapproved of but by two or
three. I desire to hold it up to the special contem-
plation ef the people of the South, that they may
examine and weigh it; that they may see and know
the feelings which northern gentlemen entertain
towards them. The Senator from New Jersey
[Mr. Dayton] says:
" But if you do extend its operation by legislative enact-
ment, then you alter the position of certain great interests
in this country. Our friends of the South say, that under
the operation of the Constitution, they have a right to take
slaves wherever that Constitution reaches, it does not
now reach, according to judicial decisions, to California.
You seek, by special act on this amendment, to make the
Constitution overreach California and New Mexico, and
thus give, according to the southern views of their right*
under the Constitution, a privilege which they would not
otherwise have. In the firat place, I ?av that vou cannot.
nerseded at anv moment L ih* fntnrP arfinn 1 by JeS15,atlve enactment, extend the Constitution; and if
perseaeu at any moment Dy tne Juture action or ,i you ^d, n would not be right, under existing circumstance^
ingress. With these wnolesome safeguards, there ! to change the relative position in which parties stand m
reference to tllis slave question, in tins indirect wa>.,?
Now, 3ir, what is the plain import of this dec-
(l laration? It is this: The .North declare that the
: plighted fidelity to the Constitution, and his sense jj Constitution does not extend to Territories; and
, of justice to every portion and interest of the Con- j therefore the South can have no right to carry their
i federacy. 1 will waive all minor objections, for the slaves to New Mexico and California. When it
| sake of giving law and government to our unpro- j! is asked to extend the Constitution over them,
' tected Territories beyond the Rio Grande. jj they say they will not, even if Congress has the
| The grounds of opposition to this amendment, j! power to do so, because, they are unwilling for the
j which have been relied on in this debate,are scarce- jj South to enjoy the benefit of its guarantees. Hereto-
! ly worthy of serious refutation. The principal ;j fore the North has been content to rest upon their
I objection urged against it is the one raised by the opinion, that, under the Constitution, the South
I Senator from New Jersey, [Mr. Dayton.] It is, j; cannot carry slaves into New Mexico and Call-
that the Constitution of the United States does not ]
j extend to Territories propria vigore, and that it is '
j not competent for Congress thus to extend it by
: legislative enactment. Sir, I shall not pause to I
J discuss the question whether the Constitution ex-
1 tends per se to Territories. I am content with the
j southern view of it, which has been so triumph-
, antly maintained by other Senators, and particu- '
forma. I had thought that the whole controversy
related to this single point. But it has assumed a
new and an alarming aspect. It is now openly
avowed, that even though the Constitution secure
this right, the South is to be solemnly denied its
benefit. Sir, I repeat, I wish to present this in
bold relief to the people of thelSouth. 1 wish it to
reverberate from the Potomac to the remotest
larly by the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. boundary of the southern States, until it shall
Calhoun,] in the debate which he conducted on
yesterday with the member from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Webster.] I entertain not the shadow of a
doubt that the Constitution of the United Stales,
so far as its provisions are applicable, does extend
to Territories. I do not believe that the Supreme
Court ever has or ever will decide to the contrary.
So far from this, I believe the case of Canter, in 1
reach every city, town, hamlet,*and habitation,
and arouse the downtrodden masses to a sense of
the danger to their rights which is threatened by
the reckless and exclusive spirit of northern ag-
gression.
Mr. President, some southern gentlemen have
expressed surprise at the announcement of such a
position. But, sir, I am not surprised. I have
