m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 28,
30th Cong 2d Sess. - New Mexico mid California—Mr. Herschell V. Johnson.
Senate.
of New Mexico and California into one State; and
the other, by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Doug-
las,} as the chairman of a select committee, pro-
poses to divide them into two'States, admit one
immediately and the other prospectively- To both
tfiese propositions I am at present inflexibly op-
posed. The former* however, has been rejected,
fend therefore I shall not attempt to expose its de-
merits. Nor shall I discuss the question at length
as to the oower of Congress to create a State. 1
rest upon*the able and conclusive argument of the
Judiciary Committee, presented by their report,
Upon the bill introduced by the Senator from Illi-
nois, at an early period of the session, for the ad-
mission of California as" a State. 1 shall content
myself by simply^ stating my position without
elucidation.
-TKe Territories in question are the common
property of the several States in their confederated
character; and as sovereignty attaches to the own-
ership of the domain, the sovereignty over them
necessarily resides in the States. The Federal
Government is .in no sen.se the owner of the Terri-
tories or of the sovereignty over them. It is the
mere trustee of the States. Now, I hold that the
creation of a State is the highest act of sovereignty
known to~pohticallaw. How, then, can Congress,
which has no sovereignty over the Territories, ex-
ercise- the highest power of sovereignty by cre-
ating them into States ? Inasmuch as the sover-
eignty over the Territories resides in the several
States of the Union, and not in the inhabitants
thereof, it follows that they cannot form a State
government, in the sense of the Constitution, with-
out the consent of the States. Congress is the trus-
tee of the States, and the organ through which
that consent is to be expressed. All that Congress
can do, therefore, is to consent that the people, with-
in certain defined limits of territory, may organize
a State government, republican in its form, and be
admitted into the Union. That consent isa pledge,
on the part of the several States, that when such a
government shall have been organized they will
surrender their sovereignty over the territory thus
defined; and its admission into the Union is an
actrtal surrender of that sovereignty.
This consent may be given either before or after
the formation of a State constitution. When given
before, it authorizes the thing to be done; when
given after, it ratifies what has already been bone.
Hence, I do not deny the right of the people of
a Territory to assemble and form a constitution,
with the view to admission into the Union. When
done with that view, it is an act of loyalty to the
republic. But I do deny that they have the right,
without the consent of the States,-through Con-
gress, to organize a government which will con-
stitute them independent of the States of the Union,
or which would supersede the temporary govern-
ment which may have been established by Con-
gress. The leldtion of the Territories to the United '
States is unquestionably that of dependence and (
subordination; and, as matter of right, they can j
do nothing inconsistent with the sovereignty of the j
several States ovef them. >
That circumstances may occur which would j
justify the people of & Territory m setting up an j
independent, separate government, I not only ad- '
wit, but advocate. Territories are held by the j
United States, to be admitted ultimately as mem- i
bers of the Confederacy. If their condition is one j,
of subordination and dependence, it is also one of ;
pupilage and protection. It is the relation of pa-
rent and child. If, therefore, the States, through
their federal agent, do acts inconsistent with that
relationship; if, instead of a foster mother, the
Union becomes an inexorable tyrant; if, instead
of tutelage, she inflict the evils of vassalage; if j
she capriciously and unwarrantably refuse to ad- !
mil it into the Union, after it has obviously attained j
to the capacity for self-government, the inhabitants ;
of a Territory would be absolved from their alte- j
giance, and justified in setting up a separate inde- !
pendente. If the States, in giving their consent,
of which I have before spoken, for the people of a |i
Territoiy to form a Slate government, impose con- j
ditions or restrictions incompatible with that equal- s;
 y in sovereignty and dignity which appertains '
to the other States of the Confederacy, it would
justify it in setting up an independent government.
U is upon this ground that Missouri would have
ten justified in declaring her independence in
1820. She had reached constitutional majority; ;
she possessed the requisite population to constitute j
a State of the Union; her people were sufficiently j
intelligent and virtuous for self-government; she |
had presented a republican constitution; and she
asked to be admitted into the Union, and to be
clothed with that sovereignty which resided in the
States. But Congress sought to impose upon her
a proviso restricting slavery. This was a condition
not imposed upon the Other States. It was incom-
patible with that equality and sovereignty which
belonged to the other members of the Confederacy.
To such a condition she was not bound to submit;
and, having a right to admission without its impo-
sition, she would have been justified in setting up
an independent government. So she thought at
that day; so thought the people of the southern
States; and so convinced were the northern mem-
bers of Congress by the powerful argument of Mr.
Lowndes, of South Carolina, that they took shel-
ter under the Missouri compromise, and actually
forced it, nolens votens, upon the South. Sir, enter-
taining these-opinions of the want of power on
the part of Congress, I could never consent to any
bill which attempts to create a State.
The other proposition for admitting these Ter-
ritories into' the Union as States, is the bill reported
by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] as
chairman of the select committee. It provides—
"That Congress doth consent that the portion of t1 e ter-
ritory of the United States which is included within the fol-
lowing limits, to wit: Beginning in the Pioific Ocean, on
the parallel oi" forfy-iwo degrees of north latitude; thence
ea-^on said parallel to the dividing ridge which separates
the waters flowing into the Colorado rivet from those which
flow into the Great Basin; thence alona said dividing ridj^e
to the point" where it \v ts crossed by .Lieutenant Colonel
J. C Fremont, in eighteen hundred and forty-four, as shown
on the map of his exploration; thence soothvvestvvardly
alone the line of said exploration, as shown on the map ot
said Fremont's surveys, published hy order of'the Senate in
eighteen hundred and forty-eight, to it* intersection with
the one hundred and seventeenth meridian of west longi-
tude; thcnce in a direct line to the intersection'ot the Sierra
Nevada mountains with t^se of the west range; thence
due west to the Pacific Ocean; thence along the coa^t, in-
cluding the adjacent islands, to the place of beginning, shall
be set 3P'irt as the territory of one State, and upon the ful-
fillment of the conditions hereinafter contained, the same is
heieby declared to be one of the Stales of this (Jnion, hy
the name and style of the State of California, upon an equal
footing with the original States m all respects whatsoever."
And—
"That Congress doth consent that the portion of the ter-
ritory of the United Slates which is bounded as follows, to
wit: On the north by the forty-second parallel of north lat-
itude, on the ea^t hy the summit of the Rocky Mountains
and the State of Texas, on the south by the Republic of
Mexico, and on the west by the proposed State of Califor-
nia and the Pacific Ocean, including the inlands adjacent
to the shore, shall become one of' tile States of this Union,
by the name and style of the St.ite of Mexico, or f-uch
j other n.uno a* the people thereof shall, in their constitution,
adopt, upon an equal footing witf* the original States, in all
res-peels whatever, so s-oon as it shall contain the ptoper
number of inhabitants; and they shall establish for them-
selves a constitution and republican form of" government."
Mr. President, this is a departure from long-
established usage. We have heretofore required
the inhabitants of Territoiies to remain in a terri-
torial condition for a seties of years. This usage
is in strict accordance with the object for which
the United States hold Territories. We hold Ter-
ritories for the purpose of their ultimate admission
into the Union; and their inhabitants occupy the
relation of pupilage, to be indoctrinated in the :
principles of republicanism, preparatory to their
admission into the Confederacy. If there is any
reason in this usage, as applied to our other Terri-
tories, how much more forcibly does it apply to
New Mexico and California! Their population is
mixed, composed of piebald mongrel races, and
but recently severed from the Republicof Mexico,
whose history for the last twenty years is that of
revolution, and insubordination. By what magic !,   ...
have they suddenly become capable of self gov- l from the Territories, let her noTbe insulted by"an
eminent.' Why, sir, it is proposed to admit them ; invitation lo aid in the operation.
into Uie Union before_they have become citizens of 1 am not prepared, Mr. President, to pronounce
the bill of the Senator from Illinois unconstitu-
incorporate immediately the greater portion of them
into the Union. Sir, why this haste? Why this
prurient anxiety to add another State to this Con-
federacy? Was it so with Florida? Sir, Florida
knocked at your door for admission for five long
years. Was Louisiana admitted in such hot haste?
No, sir; Florida and Louisiana were slave States,
and therefore there was no great eagerness for their
admission. But it is certain, that with its present
population, California must be a free State; and
hence there are those quite willing for her imme-
diate admission. Who are the people that have
gone there from the United States? Th'ey are
mainly citizens from New Yoik and Massachu-
setts, and they are those who would control in the
convention which would meet to frame a State
constitution. What voice would the people of the
South or their institutions have in such an assem-
blage? Sjr, I cannot give ray consent to any such
proposition. It is a tame and inglorious surrender
of the rights of the South. It is the Wilmot pro-
viso in disguise, and will accomplish all which
that odious measure was ever intended to accom-
plish.
Sir, where is the necessity for admitting these
Territories into the Union ? Is it indispensable to
their safety and protection? Or is there any moral
or political obligation for us to do so? Have they
asked for admission ? Are we informed that Cal-
ifornia has the requisite population? These are
grave questions, and ou^ht to be solved to our
entire satisfaction, before we can be called upon to
add another State to the Confederacy. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Walk-
er] gives the people of those Territories the most
ample protection. That is all they can claim; it
is all we are bouhd to give them at the present
time. Or, if this is not enough, organize a terri-
torial government in accordance with settled usage.
Let it be liberal in its provisions, and confer upon
them all the powers compatible with their relation
to the States, and the rights of the States of the
Union.
But it is said that no territorial bill can pass
Congress without the Wilmot proviso, and that
by admitting these Territories into the Union we
avoid that, and thereby settle the agitating ques-
tion of slavery, i regret to find southern men
yielding to this view of the subject. For one, I
regard it as insulting to the South—as a proposi-
tion to her friends to betray her into the hands of
her deadliest enemies. Sir, whose fault is it that
these Territories cannot be organized ? Who is it
that throws obstacles in the way ? Is it the South ?
No, sir. The South stands with folded hands,
except when her rights are sought to be invaded.
She acts on the defensive. She claims nothing at
the hands of Congress but to be let alone. She is
willing to cooperate in any legislation for the ben-
efit of these Territories which does not infringe
upon her rights. But the very moment any b?il
is introduced which looks to the formation of ter-
ritorial governments, the northern factiomsts seek
to incorpoiate upon it the Wilmot proviso, which
excludes the people ofthe South fiom these Terri-
tories, and violates that equality in dignity and
sovereignty which, under the Constitution, apper-
tains to every State of the Confederacy. To avoid
this, what are the southern States asked to do?
With the fact staring them in the face, that if ad-
i mitted now California must be a free State, and
with the distinct avowal on the part of the North
that slavery never shall be extended an inch be-
yond its present limits, we are seriously asked to
incorporate our new Territoiies into the Union, in
order to avoid threatened legislative degradation.
Sir, if I am to .submit to the Wilmot proviso, let it
come undisguised. If the South is to be excluded
the United States. By the eighth article of the
treaty, the inhabitants of New Mexico and Cali-
fornia are allowed twelve months from the date of
the exchange of ratifications to make their election
whether they will become Ameiiean citizens or
return to the Mexican Republic. The exchange
of ratifications took place on the 30th of May,
1848, and therefore the people of the newly-a
tional. But everything constitutional is not neces-
sarily just or expedient. I concede the right of
Congress to admit California immediately, and
New Mexico prospectively. I grant atso—aay, I
insist—that m the formation of a State constitution,
the people have the light to determine for them-
selves whether they wiTl tolerate slavery as a part
quired Territories are not citizens until the 30th of ' of their system ofgovernment. Hut, sir,"it becomes
May- next; but this bill proposes, contrary to all ! a very different question when it is proposed to do
usage and to the obvious intent of the treaty, to this for the avowed purpose of avoiding the Wil-
