904
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 28,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
New Mexico and California—Mr. Niles.
Senate.
and was the instructor of all ranks and classes of
men; and on no occasion did vice escape him un-
rebuked, or error unreproved. The avowed object
of his mission on earth was to found a system of
ethics for the government of men and society ,
whose principles should be universal in their appli-
cation, and suited to both worlds in their claims
upon the obedience of mankind. He found slavery
in existence, as part and parcel of the organization
of society, and sanctioned by time and immemorial
usages. But he uttered no word of condemnation
against it. On the contrary, he said, " Think not
that I am come to destroy the Law or the Proph-
ets; I am not come to destroy, but to fulfill." He
did not come to interfere with the settled order of
things as he found them. He did not come to
subvert the civil institutions which had been estab-
lished. But he came to deal with man as he found
him, and to instruct him in his duties, in all the
existing relations of society. Hence, we find the
New Testament abounding in passages which not
only recognize the existence, but the legality of
slavery. Who was better informed as to the
principles which should govern "the conduct of
men than the Apostle Paul? Who more fear-
less in denouncing vice and error, wherever found,
Whether in the walks of obscurity or the favored
incumbents of kingly thrones ? Yet -he nowhere
condemned slavery, or uttered bitter maledictions
against the slaveholder. But, on the contrary, he
laid down rules for the regulation of the duties of
masters and servants. In writing to the Colossians,
he said, " Servants,obey in all things your masters
according to the flesh; not with eye-service, as
men pleasers, but in singleness of heart, fearing
God." In his letter to the Ephesians, he directs,
" Servants, be obedient to then*that are your mas-
ters according to the flesh, with fear and trembling,
in the singleness of your heart as unto Christ."
In his first letter to Timothy, he writes; " Let as
many servants as are under the yoke count their
own masters worthy of all honor, that the name
of God and his doctrine be not bjasphemed." In
his epistle to Philemon there is an incident so ap-
plicable to the present time and to this discussion,
that I cannot omit to notice it. ' Philemon, a pro-
fessor of religion, owned a* slave by the name of
Onesimus, who ran away from his master and got
to Ilgme, where Paul was preaching. Under the
powerful ministrations of the great Apostle he was
converted to the faith of Christianity. He became
acquainted with Paul, and doubtless confessed that
he was a fugitive from his master's possession.
What now was the conduct of this pious herald of
the Cross ? Did he harbor and conceal this slave
from his owner, as do our very philanthropic abo-
litionists of the present day? Did he indulge in'
puling sympathy, and seek to render him dissatis-
fied with his condition ? Did he endeavor to poison I
his mind and inflame his prejudices against his '
rightful master? No. He sent him back to his!
owner, and oft'ered to indemnify him for the loss !
of his services during his absence. He wrote to !
Philemon that if his slave had wronged him or I
owed him aught, to put it to his account. "l,Paul, !
have written it with mine own hand; I will repay
it." Sir, whata rebuketo the modern aboliiiomst!
How completely does this remove all imputation '
against slavery as contrary to the rules of moral i
rectitude! Sir, it gives a high and holy sanction I
to that provision of our Constitution which requires, :
on the part of the free States, the prompt surrender '
of our fugitive slaves.
The institution being thus sanctioned by Reve-
lation, and intrenched behind the impregnable
ramparts of the Constitution, 1 repeat the inquiry,
why this incessant crusade against the South and
her just claim to an equal participation in the corn- j>
mon Territories of the Union ? Has not the South ,'
been ever loyal to the Constitution ? Has she not |!
borne, without a murmur, her share of the public '■
burdens? Has she not been prompt to contribute '
her money and her men to defend the nghis and I1
honor of our flag? Has she riot for many long \
years consented to be fleeced, in the way of high 1
tariffs, by which northern manufacturers have been ;
enriched, and the North and West made prosper- ,
ous, under the expenditure of extravagant appro- j'
priations for works of internal improvements ? teir, |!
it is time this warfare against the South had ceased. ;
It has been kept up long enough. The Union was |!
formed for the general good, for defence against ,
foreign invasion, and to secure domestic tranquil-
lity. The southern States came into it in good
faith. When the Constitution was adopted, sla-
very existed in nearly all the States; and thegreat
object of its framers was, not to consider how it
might ultimately be abolished, but to throw around
it the most ample guarantees. This Union never
could have been formed upon any other basis than
that of the most absolute equality between the
States. The slave States never would have entered
into the compact upon any other condition. They
never would have agreed to it if they could have
even anticipated that a methodical and organized
attack would have been made by Congress upon
their domestic institutions. Sir, it is all in viola-
tion of the spirit and letter of the Constitution. It
is at war with everything like good faith and polit-
ical fraternity. It must cease, or the.Union will
be destroyed; it cannot withstand an agitation so
vital, so fundamental. It affects the very founda-
tion of the Government, and if continued will lay
the glorious fabric in rums.
It has been intimated during this debate that the
South would finally submit to the aggressions of
the North. Let not gentlemen deceive themselves.
The people of the South will endure evils while
evils are tolerable. But there is a point beyond
which forbearance ceases to be a virtue, and at
which patience waxes into desperation. Sir, what
mean the resolutions of State Legislatures which
have been piled in rapid succession upon your ta-
ble during the present session of Congress? Vir-
ginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Florida
have all spoken a language not to be misunder-
stood; and if the Legislatures of the other southern
States had been in session, they would have uttered
similar sentiments. Is it supposed that the people
of the South are dastardly; that they are not se-
rious in their public resolves; and that they have
so far degenerated from the chivalry of their an-
cestry as to pass complacently under the iron yoke
of northern aggression Let not gentlemen deceive
themselves. The SotRi have too much at stake.
Their domestic peace, their; property, their honor,
' their all, are involved in the contest. Not less
than ten hundred millions in value of their slave
property are jeoparded by this spirit of fanaticism
and aggression. Does the history of the world
furnish a single instance of a people so craven-
hearted as to submit to the unresisted hazard of the
security and safety of so vast an amount of prop-
erty? Sir, I am authorized to utter no word of
menace on this floor. But I ask gentlemen to
study welj the value of the interests involved, and
the lofty elements of southern character, before
they mature the opinion that the southern States
will tamely submit to insult, degradation, and
plunder under the forms of legislation.
The Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Da yton]
admitted the possibility that the South might secede
—that she might retire with chagrin, like Achilles
to his tent; but tha't ere long she would find some-
thing knocking at the door of her mighty heart,
i and she would return again. I trust, sir, that the
: South may never have sufficient cause to assume
i the attitude of secession from this glorious Union.
| But if she should, the gentleman's illustration '
\ would be as false as it is beautifully classic. Wily ;
should the South return again, if driven from the 1
: Union by its injustice and oppression? I cannot ;
! imagine, unless it would be to enjoy the distm- |
! guished entree into good society, which is kindly '
I extended to southern gentlemen at the North, not- i
! withstanding they are slaveholders. From my very
! heart, I thank our northern friends for their con- i
' descending hospitality, which has been so vividly j
portrayed by the Senator from New Jersey. But
; I confess I should be much more thankful if our
northern benefactors would be less hospitable to !
our fugitive slaves. If, however, it be true that ;
the South would return, is it wise, is it patriotic,
by a course of unnecessary and unconstitutional
legislation, to force the experiment? Is it not the !
part of elevated and enlightened statesmanship to '
pause ere yon have reached the verge which over- >'
looks so fearful a precipice ? i'
In maintaining the position which I do, I dis-
avow any intention to produce sectional prejudices, ,
or to foment local agitation. I deprecate tfte form-  
ation of geographical parties. 1 f'eel that every ;
inch of soil which is sheltered by our stars and j,
stripes is a part of my home, and a part of my l!
i inheritance. All I mean to say is, that if the
| Union, instead of a shield to protect, is converted
| into a weapon to wound, there is a settled determi-
j nation among the people of the South to vindicate
themselfts, their rights of property, and domestic
I altars. I, for one, am prepared to share their fate.
We claim nothing at the hands of Congress but
non-interference. We do not ask you to extend
slavery; we say yoti must not prohibit it. We
say that New Mexico and California are the com-
mon property of thS" States, and that we have the
same right to carry our slaves there which the
New England man has to carry his spindles or his
looms. In this position, the South feels that she
is sustained by the Constitution, and there she
intends to stand.
In speaking thus, the South does not desire to
be considered as using the language of menace.
That would be unworthy of herself, and incom-
patible with her elevated sentiment of conscious
rectitude. It would be unjust to the -North, be-
cause it would imply that she could be moved by
intimidation. What the"South means is this: Hav-
ing entered the Union in good faith, she will abide
the compromises of the Constitution; and she ex-
pects the North to do likewise. But if this cannot
be so; if, having the numerical majority, the North
will trample on our rights, outrage our feelings, and
disregard our political equality as confederates, we
cannot be held to abide the violated bond. We
say so in advance, not to intimidate, but to arouse
the patriotism of the North, their loveof the Union,
and their regard for justice, to the end that they
may voluntarily pause ere they provoke conse-
quences to be deplored by every lover of liberty
and every friend of good government.
The South is devoted to the Union. She ven-
erates its institutions. She glories in the recollec-
tion of the brilliant deeds of its founders. But the
Union of her affections is that which was formed
by the Constitution, " to establish justice, insure
' domestic tranquillity, provide for the common de-
' fence, promote the general welfare, and secure the
' blessing3 of liberty." If, through the blindness
of fanaticism or the folly of unwarranted legisla-
tion, it become subversive of these ends, and be
transformed into an engine to oppress the South, it
will cease to be an object of love and pride, and
will forfeit all title to her allegiance. But if the
spirit that animated the fathers of the Republic
can be revived; if the spirit of justice, conciliation,
and fraternity which presided over their delibera-
tions could be infused into the bosoms of their
descendants; if, under the inspiration of such a
spirit, our northern friends would approach the
Constitution,and, on its consecrated altar, sacrifice
all but pure and elevated patriotism; if they would
deal justly with the South, and exhibit towards
j her sentiments of liberality and kindness, this
j Union would be as permanent as the eternal hills;
j and the sons of the sunny clime from whence I
j come, glorying in our "star-spangled banner,"
i would coin their hearts, if need be, into ducats,
1 and pour them into the public lap, to vindicate the
j national honor.
! Mr. NILES said:
j Mr. President: I have listened with great pa-
tience, and some considerable degree of interest,
to the remarks which have been made by gentle-
j men during the discussion of this question. And
1 it is with very great reluctance that I now rise to
j address the Senate upon this subject. I am as
, anxious as any Senator to have the vote taken
■ upon this bill, and I had hoped that it would have
been taken long before this time. However, not-
withstanding my own, and the geneial anxiety to
come to a vote upon the bill; notwithstanding the
little remaining time we have to devote to the
public business; notwithstanding the lateness of
the hour, circumstances render it necessary that I
should express my views upon the proposition be-
fore us, and the general policy and interests which
it involves. This will be the last time that I shall
address the Senate upon this subject—perhaps the
last time that 1 shall addiess them upon any sub-
ject. I would have been very glad, after discover-
ing, as I did before this proposition was brought
forward, that we should not be able to accomplish
anything m relation to this matter at the present
session, to have been spared the duty which I now
feel of saying anything upon this unpleasant sub-
