I849.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3f)T
30th Cong.....2d Sess.
New Mexico and California—Mr. Niks.
Senate*.
/
country. In one word, this arr.endmentestablishes
a despotic government, vesting ail its powers in
the hands of one man. And these powers are not
limited as to time It is to me astonishing that
such a pioposition should command support from
any quarter. The power of legislation for the Ter-
ritories belongs to Congress This power they
may exercise directly by enacting laws, or indi-
rectly by establishing legislative councils in the
Territory, their acts being subject to the revision
of Congress. The latter course has usually been
pursued. But can we transfer ouv legislative pow-
er to the President, and thus unite the executive
with the law-making powerf^The proposition is
startling; and is there any example for it? I deny j
the right and authority of Congress to delegate its j
legislative powers to the Executive, The Consti- j
tution does not authorize this. J.V e have the same j
exclusive power of legislation in a Territory that
we'have in this District; and will any one main-
tain that we can delegate our power of legislation !
hereto the President? And if Congiess can dele- I
gate or transfer its jurisdiction over a Territory to 1
the Executive, may it not on the same principle
■delegate its legislative power over the States to the
President'' The conscqucnces in the latter case
might be more serious; but in principle there can
be no difference.
And is it supposed that the people of these Ter-
ritories will qiiietly submit to an arbitrary govern-
ment of this kmdP^It is not for Mexicans only;
for thousands of our own citizens have gone there,
who know their rights, who understand the ter-
ritorial governments which have been established
elsewhere. /Will they submit to a despotism—to
the government of one man* and to be deprived of
all participation, in the government you establish
over them ? /
f Can there be any example found in modern times
of a colonial system like this? Are the colonies of
any of the European Powers subjected to a system
so despotic as this? We are in the habit of con-
sidering the British Government as aristocratic
and arbitrary; but has it any colonies subject to a
despotic system like this? Would any minister
dare to propose such a system ? If any one were
to do it, he would be driven from his post with
disgrace and infamy- /
To find such an example in British history, you
must go back to the days of arbitrary power; you
must go back to the times of the Stuarts. The
last example was during the most despotic and
arbitrary reign in England, that of James the
Second. I allude to the case of Sir Edmund An-
dross, who was appointed by James Governor of
New Jersey, New York, and all the New Eng-
land States, with unlimited power. But even at
that day the people of Connecticut would not sub-
mit to this arbitrary authority. Andross, with his
retainers and royal guards, came to Hartford to ,
proclaim and enforce his authority. This was :
resisted; companies of militia were ordered out;
and when Andross undertook to make proclama- !
tion, the drums were beat to interrupt him. He de-
manded of the Governor the surrender of the char-
ter, who asked for time for consideration; and
having called together his council, they deliberated
on the subject during the day; and the session
continuing into the night, the royal governor, be-
coming impatient, entered the council chamber
with his suite, to take the charter by force, when
the lights were suddenly extinguished, and Cap-
tain Wadsworlh seizing the charier from the table,
escaped with it, and secreted it in the cavity of a
large tree, which has ever since been called charter
oak. Such was the spirit with which the people
of Connecticut, more than a century and a half
ago, resisted the attempt to establish a despotic
government over the colony—a system in which
all the powers of government were united m a
royal governor. And is it supposed that the de-
scendants of such a people will submit to a similar
colonial system &t this day ? S^r, if we cannotgive
to those Territories such a government as they .
ought to have, such a system as we have given to ,
other Territories, let us not insult them by attempt- !
ing to subjcctthem to a despotism. It will be much ;
better to do nothing; to let them alone. They can ;
take care of themselves; and if we neglect to pro- j
vide a government for them, they will be perfectly
justified in establishing one for themselves, if we j
will not exercise the powers of government which
belong to Congress, they must revert to the people
of the Territory. When the British King dissolved
the Assemblies of the Colonies, Mr. Jefferson eyud
that the powers of legislation, incapable of annihila-
tion, reverted to the people. ,
If we neglect to act, the people of California and
New Mexico will establish provisional govern-
ments for themselves. This they have a right to
do, and no will do. By the last accounts
from Califo^BRhey had already moved in thi^
matter.
I am not to be led into the support of a highly
objectionable proposition by any apprehensions of
anarchy or farming disorders in those Territories.
The men who have gone there and are now on
their way from the States, know their rights; they
are intelligent, and every way qualified to organize
a government for themselves, based on the princi-
ples which prevail in the States. The men who
have gone to that distant frontier of our country,
with arms in one hand and the Bible in the othe'r,
will not be found wanting in any emergency to
protect themselves, if we fail to protect them.
They will not be found wanting in either physical
or moral energy to do this. The urgency, there-
fore, is not so great as some seem disposed to be-
lieve. it is not such as to justify or even excuse
the establishing a despotism.
Before I leave this subject I wish to ask the hon-
orable Senator from New York [Mr. Dickinson]
how he reconciles this amendment with the Nich-
olson letter, and his own resolutions introduced at
the last session, and defended in a speech deliber-
ately prepared ? The platform of the Nicholson
letter and the Senator's resolutions was, that Con-
gress had no jurisdiction or power over a Terri-
tory* That it belonged to the people inhabiting it
to govern themselves. That the exercise of this
power by Congress was an invasion of the rights
of the people and a direct blow at the great princi-
ple of popular sovereignty which lies at the foun-
dation of our institutions. Such was the Nicholson-
letter platform on which the Senator stood last ses-
sion, and on which he went into the Presidential
election. The error of this platform was, that it
assumed that a Territory was an independent com-
munity, when it is a mere dependency of the Con-
federacy. But the question now is, how those
who supported this platform can turn round and
support the proposition now before us? This
amendment notonly asserts the power of Congress
over the Territories, but vests all the powers of
government in the Executive, and denies to the
people any right or participation in it. The two
principles are in the extremes of opposition. This
amendment and the Nicholson-letter platform agree
only in one thing; they both leave the country
open to the intrusion of slavery, but in every other
respect they are as opposite as light and darkness.
But, Mr. President, I must hasten to a close.
The question has been raised here and discussed
as to how far the Constitution extended to a Ter-
ritory, and what rights would be claimed in a Ter-
ritory under the Constitution. I am not disposed
to go into that question. I do not deem it very
important. It appears to me that the view pre-
sented by the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts, high as his authority is, is a little too strong.
It seems to me, to deny that the Constitution has
any force in a Territory is to deny all authority in
Congress to act or legislate in respect to it. What
authority Congress has must, I think, be derived
from the Constitution; and jf the Constitution ex-
tend at all, or, so far as it is applicable, I think it
must be in regard to the powers necessary or ap-
propriate to be exercised there, and only so far as
those powers are applicable. If our authority to
act is derived from the- Constitution, then the re-
strictions upon that authority must go with it, so
far as they are applicable. And why do not those
provisions which guaranty private rights extend
to the Territories? The amendments to the Con-
stitution guaranty private rights. Further than
this perhaps the Constitution cannot extend, be-
cause it is not applicable. But, in this view of it,
it appears to me a very strange position, which has
been so strenuously maintained, that the Constitu-
tion can carry slavery with it into a Territory.
Can the right to extend slavery be claimed under
the Constitution? Weil, if the Constitution does
not extend there, that position can of course have
no force in it; but, if it does extend'to Territories,
does it not expressly exclude slavery? The au-
thority of Congress m a Territory is general and
exclusive, the same as in this District. If the Con-
stitution will uphold slavery in a Territory, it will
equally uphold it in this District. But here it'ex-
ists by the authority of the local laws, not that of
the Constitution. The power of Congress over a
Territory is general; there are no express limita-
tions or restrictions upon it. We are to make
" needful rules and regulations;*' and are we to be
told that this is arestnction on the power toexclude
slavery?. Howdoes a general power touch this^
question ? Why, it is very evident that it does not
touch it; and it is perfectly evident, from the exam-'
pie that we have here, that the jurisdiction in aTer-
ritory is a general jurisdiction, the same as in this
District. And, if there is a provision of the Con-
stitution which is restrictive on Congress in a Ter-
ritory, then I ask if it is not equally restrictive in
this District, and in navy-yards and other places
ceded to the United States, and which are the com-
mon property of this Confederacy ? Why, the idea
that the Constitution carries slavery with it is an in-
sult to the understanding, and a reproach to those
patriotic men who framed it. The Constitution
does not sanction or uphold slavery in the States;
it merely recognizes the existence of it by virtue
of the laws of the State. If gentlemen suppose
this is so, where do they find their authority for
it? Certainly not in the provision relating to Tef-
ritories, for they can find nothing in that article to
countenance such an idea. That is a general au-
thority. Will they find it in the restrictions? Will
you find, it in the Amendments? You might find a
restriction there against passing laws respecting
religion, or restricting the right of trial by jury;
but do you find any respecting this subject? No,
sir, no. But I find something else there; I find in
the fifth article of the Amendments a piovision
which, m its application to Territories, Necessarily
excludes the idea that slavery could exist there.
That provision says that no man shall be put in
jeopardy of his life more than once for the same
offence, and that no man shall be deprived of life
or liberty except by due process of law; and that
must have reference to proceedings in courts of
justice. If this provision applies to the Territo-
ries, I cannot see but that it is an express prohibi-
tion against slavery. But as slavery has existed
in Territories, the question has never "been raised.
But if this provision goes there, it must necessa-
rily exclude the idea that slavery can be carried
there. Slavery cannot exist anywhere except by
local law, regulating the rights of persons, if
Congress is a local legislature, it may, in a Terri-
tory and in this District, act on the subject of "sla-
very, and allow it or exclude it, unless its power
is limited. There is no limitation to protect sla-
very, but there is a restriction in favor of personal
liberty. No man can be deprived of his property,
life, or liberty, but by due process of law. This
is a restriction upon the power of Congress; and
yet we are told there is a restriction against^exclu-
dmg slavery. I would like to know what ie the
foundation of this opinion that the Constitution
carries .-slavery with it. I do discover in the fifth
article of the Amendments a provision which I
think excludes it, and that no law but a local law
can sanction it.
Mr. President, I have a remark or two to offer-
as to the reasonableness, the justice, and the pro-
priety of the position which we occupy, and which
is denounced as an aggression. The Senator from
Tennessee, some days since, seemed to think it
was extremely unieasonable that we gentlemen
from the free States should press tfiis restriction,
depriving the slave States of a reasonable and ap-
propriate means of expanding population. This
confinement to narrow bounds must lead to evils
which could not be endured. The honorable Sen-
ator from New York seems to be of the same opin-
ion. We must give them ample room for this
increasing population. Now, sir, if there is not
right, justice, and propriety in maintaining the posi-
tion we do, in attempting to exclude slavery from
the Territories, convince me of this, and I will
abandon it at once. How does the matter stand ?
Are we reason&ble, or are we unreasonable? We
must look at the facts; and what are the facts?'
Ha^ the slave States greater claims to more terri-
tory than the free S:a^s ? Are their claims greater
than ours ? What are the facts ? Why, in regard
