308
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 28,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
New Mexico and California—Mr. Niles.
Senate.
to the organized States, that there are in slave
States nearly one million of square miles; the exact
extent is about nine hundred and forty thousand
square miles of territory, and in the free States
there are four hundred and fifty thousand square
miles. The free States had in 1840 a population
of more than twelve millions, and the slave States
a population over eight millions, including two
million five hundred thousand of slaves. At the
present time, the difference is greater, probably.
With this great disproportion, I should like to
know what force there is in this claim on the
ground of propriety or justice. Is it unreasonable
*hat we should ask for more territory for a free
population, when our population is so much greater,
and our territory so much less ? We have a pop-
ulation of twenty-seven to the square-mile; while, j
in the slave States, the population is only nine to
the square mile. And yet we are toid it is unrea-
sonable, because they want to extend their popu-
lation. I think the time is far distant when they
will want space for expansion; when their popula-
tion is equal to that in the free States, it will be
time to consider that question. What ia the cor-
rect conclusion, in view of these facts? Is there
any foundation for the claim that we are unreason-
able in attempting to limit the slave territory ?
Why, sir, it will take a century, perhaps, to-give
the .slave States a population equal, in respect to
territory, to that in the free States. And what are
we to understand by this proposition? Is it that
the Federal Government is under obligation to pro-
vide room for the expansion of slavery ? If there
is any ground for such an idea, what would have
been the force of such a claim previous to 1845?
Since that time, we have had three hundred thou-
sand square miles of slave territory added to this
Union. If such a pretension is entitled to any con-
sideration now, it must have had almost irresistible
force then* How is it now ? With a territory of
more than three hundred thousand square miles,
almost entirely unsettled, they are clamoring for
more room. Sir, the real object cannot be mista-
ken; it is not room for settlement, but for a slave
market that is wanted. Sir, there is no foundation ;
in fact for an argument of this kind. This ques-
tion is to be settled in reference to the whole Union,
and when we look at it in thi3 light, without going
fully into the consideration whether slavery is a
bad institution or a good one, but merely looking
at a fair and just division among the States of the
Union, and assuming, as we must, that emigration
will not go from the free to the slave States; look-
ing to any arrangement that will accommodate the
whole country, is it not just and fair that this
territory should be left open to emigration from
the free States' Why, sir, this territory, ex-
cluding what is supposed to be worthless, is not
greater than Texas, and, as the South have received
that, can they not allow this portion of our spoils
from Mexico to be appropriated to emigration from
Europe and" from the free States? Would this be
more than reasonable m consideration of what we
have d8ne for them J But, instead of this, we are
taunted with a design to seize this whole territory
for our exclusive use. We have acted with refer-
ence to the interests of the temtoiy and of the
whole country, and, in view of the vast preponder-
ance of the population of the free States, I think it
should be left open to them. [
I am nearly through the views I wished to pre- j
sent in this matter, and will close when J have
noticed some little matters of account with my
brethren here. The other day, sir, my friend from
Virginia near me, [Mr. Hunter,] who is one of
the most courteous men in the Senate, made a
rather tart reply to some remarks which I had
offered in no unkind spirit, and taunted me with
standing in the position of a tenant warned to quit,
and in a spirit of revenge was prepared to set fire
to the premises. I assure the gentleman nothing
could have been further Horn my purpose than such j
a design. On the contrary, it was my purpose to 1
leave the premises in as sound a condition as pos- !
sible. I knew the building had been much exposed ]
of late, yet was a little surprised at that remarkable j
figure which came into the gentleman's mind. I |!
do not know how to account for it. A few days
since he introduced some resolutions here which,
as he said, spoke the language of old Virginia,
which resolutions declared that Virginia would re-
sist a law of Congress asserting the proviso; and
that in such case she would have to decide for her-
self on the " means and measure of redress." And,
on introducing these resolutions, he took occasion
to Say that " Virginia: had spoken, and will she
not do it?" That seemed to be a threat of some
purpose hostile to the Union; a threat of some sort
of mischief, as the last resort, not perhaps to set
fire to the Capitol, but, I suppose,something pretty
serious was to be done. Well, this idea, I suppose,
of blowing up the Capitol, or some other great mis-
chief to the Union, came into'the Senator's mind,
and he transferred it to me. Figures of speech are
drawn from objects with which the mind is occu-
pied at the time. My ideas are directly the reverse.
I hope to leave not only this Capitol, but the Gov-
ernment and the country in a safe condition, free
from all danger from incendiaries, political or other-
wise, and I hope they will long remain so. Well,
sir, the Senator^ from South Carolina made an in-
quiry also, that I fe!t a good deal interested in at the
time. He said, in noticing some statement made i;i
some quarter, that the South had the largest share
of the honors and offices in this Government, that
if the South had monopolized so large a share of
Federal offices he wanted to know what was the
cat\se of it? And though Tie did not distinctly and
explicitly answer his own interrogatory, he inti-
mated very plainly what his opinion was: that it
was because they were more deserving of them
for their talents and virtues; that the South alone
furnished statesmen fit for these high stations; that
they have had more distinguished men, men in
whom the country has had more confidence than
in those of other States. Well, it was a very fair
argument, I admit it was; for it is a very fair pre-
sumption, undoubtedly, if we assume that the peo-
ple are competent to judge of what is necessary for
all the purposes of Government, that they will
select the best men for the highest offices; and the
very fact, therefore, that the people have selected
their Presidents from this portion of the country
is a fair presumption that the cause is to be found
in the consideration hinted by my friend. Perhaps
there might have been some doubt on that subject
at a former period, but'in view of the men who,
in some series of years past, have filled the highest
office in the republic, and in view of all we have
witnessed in the last two southern dynasties, why,
if there had been formerly any doubt, there can be
none any longer! We have no such men in the
free States; or, if we have, there is wanting that
peculiar sagacity among the people to discover
their peculiar fitness for high stations. If such
men did exist there, I do not think the people
would have ever discovered that they had any pe-
culiar qualifications for the Presidency. It requiies
the acute sagacity of the South to make such dis-
coveries. It must be that there is a superior order
of men for purposes of government in the States
where slavery exists. Now, this fact being estab-
lished, a more important inquiry is as to the cau3e
of it; how it is that we can account for.it, because
everybody must see that it must be explained in
some way. There are some philosophers and po-
litical writers who have speculated much on the
subject as to the causes which affect the character-
istics of nations and communities. Some ascribe
these differences to physical, others to civil, po-
litical, or moral causes. Now, I am inclined to
think it cannot be imputed to physical causes, be-
cause I believe that the general- idea of that class
of writers, who attribute the peculiar character of
nations to physical causes is, that the temperate
zones or cold climates fere most conducive to ener- ;
gy of character, physical and moral. Well, then, '
what follows? j
Mr. FOOTE. I feel compelled to call the Sen- j
ator to order. i
- [After a few remarks respecting the unappro- ;
grateness of Mr. Giles's course of debate, Mr, j
F. withdrew the call to order.] 1
_ Mr. NILES. I was on the point of this supe- I
riority for purposes of government, for filling high I
offices, which exists among our brethren of the
South. :
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. President,! renew the ques-
tion of order. Is the Senator from Connecticut in '
order' Are his remarks appropriate to the ques-
tion before the Senate ?
_ PRESIDING OFFICER. Most of the discus- .
sion for some time has taken a pretty wide range, j
The Chair decides that the Senator is in order. j
Mr. BUTLER. I feel anxious to know why it
is we possess this superiority.
Mr. PHELPS. I take an appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair.
Mr. FOOTE, (interrupting.) Let me remind Sen-
ators that I was not talking more tediously, more
uninterestingly, wjien I was called to order, and
vote'd to be out of order. And I had the decency
to submit in a case not near so palpably out of
order as this.
The decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. FOOTE, (in his seat.) Let him go on and
talk nonsense till morning.
Mr. NILES. 1-raid, I think, that this high or-
der of men could hot be attributed to the ardor of
a southern sun; it must be some social, civil, or
political cause that produces the result—something
j resulting from the condition of social organization
1 there, I suppose. *We are, sir, of the same race,
the Anglo-Saxon, and are all on an equality, ex-
ceptso far as this same superiority for'purposes of
government exists. Now, I do not know as that
exception can be explained; but, if it can be, I
think it must result from their "peculiar institu-
tion," that the contrast with the inferior race must
have had some effect. The superior race are ex-
alted, and the comparison with beings called de-
graded tends, as we all know, to exalt the superior
race; and in this particular, by contrast, they are ^
elevated vastly above what they would be in other
circumstances. .
Mr. President, I have got'nearly through; I
know the Senate is extremely uneasy, and I am
unwilling to detain them here; but I do not think
the responsibility mine at all. This debate is
forced upon me. I have adverted to the resolu-
tions brought here by the State of Virginia. I
have been in the habit of venerating! the character
of that State, and the sentiments of ner illustrious,_
statesmen. Virginia, we are told, has spoken. %
Well, sir, she has spoken before, but in a different
| cause. It was m '98 that State raised its voice,
but it was on a different occasion. It raised its
voice then against the alien and sedition laws; and
then, standing on the platform of State rights, de-
fending not only its own rights, but in some degree
the rights of the whole Union, she spoke with
power and effect; and her* voice became the voice
of the nation. She then sjjoke in defence both of
the rights of the States and the liberties of ihe
people. Then her power was felt, and it settled
that great question. But how does she speak now ?
Sir, I am sorry to say, it appears to me she now
speaks, not in the cause'of liberty, but of oppres-
sion. Is she now contending for the rights of the
States and the liberties of the people? Is she re-
sisting the violation of her own rights? I think
there is no violation of her rights, or those of any
other State, and none intended. But I was not
greatly alarmed for the Union when these resolu-
tions were presented; for, great and powerful as
one of these States is, I have no apprehension
from the position that any State may take, unless
there is cause for resistance. If there has been
aggression on that or any other State; if we have
attempted to strike down the rights of that State,
or to invade the liberties of her people, then I
might fear. But, believing that we have not, I
have no apprehension from any movement, let it
come from what quarter it may; from any State,
great or small.
We have also had resolutions of a similar char-
acter from South Carolina, introduced by a speech
from one of her Senators, [Mr. Butler.] a little
more exciting than that of the Senator from Vir-
ginia. South Carolina is a very respectable State,
but unfortunately for some years affected by nerv-
ous humors, which seem to have assumed a chronic
form.
But, although I was not disturbed by the hostile
attitude of these States, when Florida came for-
ward to defy the Union, backed by speeches from
both of her Senators, I must admit that I did feel
some little alarm. Florida is a great State; it is a
young and growing State, and when I heard the
threats of a State like that, I felt a little disturbed;
but I soon composed myself with some of the con-
siderations that I have mentioned, that there was
no cause of complaint from any one.
Well, sir, I am not going into this question. I
feel that there ia no need of apprehension, because
there is no wrong done or intended; and I regret
