1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
309
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Slavery in the Territories—Mr. Mnllirv.
Ho. op Reps.
that in any quarter there should have been a move-
ment, an attempt to intimidate or control this Gov-
ernment. But why is it we are told that the pro-
viso, if we should adopt it, will be resisted? is it
not saying to us, " Do this thing if you dare; you
do it at your peril?" Well, I would not pass a
law in consequence of any threat, nor would I be
deterred from doing it, if I thought the general
interests of the country required it.
Theadvoraies of slavery are bold; they use bold
language, but it does not frighten me. They have
been bold elsewhere; they were bold in Dernerara,
in 1821, when, by a mock trial, they condemned
and put to death a venerable clergyman whom
they charged with causing a revolt by instructing
the slaves m religious truths. They were bold in
Jamaica in 1832, when, after a revolt of the slaves,
the Baptistchurches and clergymen were destroyed
by fire and sword. But this violence recoiled upon
their heads; it raised a storm against them in
England, called forth the indignant eloquence of
O'Connell and Brougham, and resulted in the
abolition of slavery in the British islands.
We all know that, as a general principle, violent
measures do not indicate a just cause. No, sir,
and they very commonly defeat the object intend-
ed. Now, sir, it appears to me that it would be
wiser as well as more patriotic for the States op-
posed to the restriction, instead of threatening
resistance to our laws or assuming a position of
apparent hostility to the Union, to be looking to
the evils and dangers of slavery to the Union, and
ultimately to their own internal peace and security.
I think there are dangers to this Union, but I think
they lie in an opposite direction. I think there is
some'danger from the extension and preponderance
of slavery. That is my deliberate opinion; and
•who can look at this great evil, at the state of
things in our country, at its increasing magnitude,
without seeing that there are great difficulties and
perhaps great dangers to the Union ahead? Why,
there were but half a million of slaves when this
Government was formed, and now there ere three
millions. By a corresponding increase, there will
be in half a century eighteen millions, and they
will be a different race from what they are now, a
very different people. In each succeeding genera-
tion the African blood will decrease and the Anglo-
Saxon blood increase in a corresponding degree.
The mixed race is subtle and crafty, and will there
be no danger from a population ot this kind so
numerous—no danger to the Union itself? Would
it not be the part of wise statesmen to have a little
forecast, to look at these things, and, if possible,
provide a remedy before it is too late? A wise
man foreseeth the evil and hideth himself. Can a
population of this kind , to an unlimited extent, be
maintained in connection with free institutions?
We have no such example in history. There are
more than 40,000,000 serfs in Russia, but there is
a standing army of 700,000 men. But ours is a
free popular system, without military force. And
slave labor applied to agriculture tends to deteri-
orate the soil and desolate the earth. If this de-
terioration goes on, how is this population to be
subsisted > Slavery seems only consistent with
arbitrary Governments; I think it can be main-
tained in no other on an extensive scale; and if
there is any correctness in this idea, we can see
the danger that threatens us in the future. And,
though I do not claim that the free States are im-
mediately concerned, yet we have a right to look
at this subject so far as it may be supposed to en-
danger the Union or the internal peace of the coun-
try" Then, as a friend of the Union as well as of
liberty, I regard it as a solemn, duty to resist the
extension ot slavery, as the great source of danger
to the whole country, as well as on account oi its
being unjust to the free States. In view of these
dangers, which lie in the distant future, if they
cannot be removed, at least we should not extend
them. In doing so you enlarge the circle of dan-
ger; you weaken a greater number of the mem-
beis of the Confederacy whose soundness might
be nei-essary to give strength to others. Yes, as
a friend'to the Union, I feel it my duty to oppose
this extension. Not to do it, I should regard my-
self as being recreant to my station, false to my
country, a betrayer of liberty, and unjust to the
higher and more sacred interest of that common
humanity of which I form a part.
Sir, it is not pleasant here perhaps to make re-
marks of this kind, still I think they are not out of
place. I think there are evils ahead of the most
serious character which concern the whole Union,
and to extend this institution is to increase these
evils and add to the dangers of our common Con-
federacy. I shall, therefore, resist every attempt
to extend this institution. Not to do so, I should
consider equally an act of treachery and of coward-
ice; and I will not therefore shrink from the duty,
however unpleasant it may be. Whilst I would
not covet I will not shrink from it. There is a
slavery worse than that of the manacled slave,
which is the slavery of the mind, of -thought, and
of speech; that freedom which is its opposite I
intend to exercise, here and elsewhere.
Sir, I have concluded what I had to say on this
subject; I have done with it here now and forever;
and will only repeat what I have already said, that
I hold.it a most sacred duty to resist the further
encroachments of slavery. Those who have not
independence enough to do this, I think, are under
some degree of mental slavery; but may*we not
hope at a time like this that their deliverance draw-
eth nigh ? I conclude in the language of one of our
own poets:
" They are slaves who fear to speak
For the fallen and the weak ;
They arc slaves who will not chooao
Hatred, scoffing, and abuse, *
Kather than in silence shrink
Fiom the truths the> needs must think.
They are slaves who dart-not hft
In the right with two or three."
Mr. MASON. I have refrained from entering
into the debate on this amendment, and have done
so designedly; but I have watched its progress
with deep and anxious interest. I have refrained
from it because of the position held by my honored
State. Sir, it does not become her representatives
j to invite an attack. I understand that the question
| before the Senate is upon the amendment adopted
11 by the Senate in committee, unaffected by any pro-
position to restrain the emigration ofany population
to the Territory in question. The honorable Sen-
ator from New York, [Mr. Dix,] who debated
such a proposition, discharged an aimless shaft.
He offered no amendment to give it effect. I am
glad that it is so. I trust that I recognize_thi3 same
spirit in other quarters in the Senate. Nor should
I have spoken at all, but in consequence of some
remarks which were made by the Senator from
I Connecticut [Mr. Niles] m reference to resolutions
j from the General Assembly of Virginia, which
; were offered here. Sir, there is no uncertainty as
to what would be the course ofVirginia in the
: exigency to which those resolutions refer. She has
I spoken as became one knowing her rights, and with
I! power to cause them to be respected. And she has
I been responded to by the States further South.
" Her declaration is, that if there be legislation by
the Congress of the United States, which shall for-
bid her people to migrate to those Territories with
any species o^property whatsoever, such legislation
shall be resisted " at every hazard and to tlie last
extremity."
Mr. NILES, (in his seat.) Was that a threat?
Mr. MASON. No, sir, no more a threat than
would be the declared purpose of an honorable
man to protect himself from an impending assault.
Another resolution from the Legislature of Vir-
ginia was the subject of remark by the Senator
II from Connecticut; which was, that should such a
I] law pass, the Governor is required forthwith to
11 convene the General Assembly to consider of the
i1 " mode and measure of redress." What that mode
■j of redress will be, it is not my piovince to say;
m that will restin the wisdom of that General Assem-
■ bly. But I can tell the Senator \\Aat the measure
j! will be. I do not fear to say it will be such a
;! measure as will redress the wrong. And it will
|l be more, sir; it will be such as shall piace tne
State of Virginia beyond the reach of further ag-
gression. Such will be the measure of ledress,
■ and gentlemen may construe it for themselves.
Sir, I am happy to be able to say in this Senate,
i! and in this ptesence, that two elections have passed
1! over in Virginia since these resolutions were passed,
p and 1 am yet to hear the first voice from the peo-
;} pie of the State in condemnation. The people,
I sir, without distinction in any shade oi party dif-
! ference, have sustained them as they passed, and
I will do so at every hazard. Sir, 1 beg further to
II say, that if I speak with some emotion, I do so
because of the tone in which these resolutions
have been referred to by the Senator from Connect-
icut, who spoke of them as an empty threat from
the State of Virginia. I conclude,-sir, by express-
ing an earnest hope that the vote will now be
taken.
Mr. PHELPS considered this whole discussion
as malapropos to the business before the Senate.
He regretted that any discussion upon the subject
of slavery should have taken place in connection
with this bill. He was convinced that this irrita-
ting question could not be adjusted by the pres-
ent Congress, and therefore the appropriation bill
should not be embarrassed by it. For one, he was
prepared to lay that question aside, as it was not
germane to noi connected with the appropriation
bill. His opinion was, that if it were let alone it
would adjust itself, and that, too, before many
years would pass away. Various propositions
had been presented for its settlement. He had had
the honor to be a member of a select committee
which reported what he considered to be the only
practical project for settling this exciting question
—to refer it to the Judiciary of the country; but
that failed. If this subject was to be brought for-
ward at all, he thought it should be presented as a
distinct proposition, and not be entangled with the
appropriation bill. He should, therefore, be com-
pelled to vote against the amendment, upon the
ground of its incongruity to the bill before the
Senate, and he would therefore ask Senators to
drop this discussion, and come to a vote on the
proposition.
The question being then taken upon concurring
in the amendment, it was decided in the affirma-
tive, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Bell, Berrien, Butler,Calhoun,
D.ivis of Mi-siasippi, Dickinson, Dod^e of Iowa, Downs,
Fitzpuitriek, Fnote, Hunter, Johnson of Maiyland, Johnson
ot Georgia, King, Marignm, Mason, Pcarce, Rusk, Sturgeon,
Turiiev, Underwood, Walker, Westcott, and Yulee—2S.
]\rAYS—Messrs. Allon, Atherton, Baldwin, Benton,
Breese, Corivin, Davis of Massachusetts, Da] ton, Dix,
Fetch, Greene, Hamlin, Miller, Niles, Phelps, Spruance,
Uphum, and Wales—18.
SLAVERY IN THE TERRITORIES.
SPEECH OF MR. JOSEPH MULLIN,
OF NEW YORK,
Ik the House of Representatives,
February 26, 1849,
On the Bill to establish a Government for the
Territory of California.
The Committee of the Whole House on the state of the
EJnion having under consideration the hill to establish a
government for the Territory of California—
Mr. MULLIN addressed the committee as fol-
lows:
Mr. Chairman: It will be a matter of astonish-
ment to those who fifty years from this time shall
occupy these seats, that m this the nineteenth cen-
tury, the Representatives of the American people
were weeks and months, nay, sir, even years,
engaged m a struggle for the extension of the insti-
tution of slavery into the free territory belonging
to the Onion. What a spectacle we present to the
civilized world ! The only spot on earth where
freedom finds a resting-place; the source ftom which
has sprung those principles of civil liberty which
are at this moment convulsing the nations; this
country, to which the eyes of the enslaved and
oppressed of every clime are turned for sympathy,
for encouiagement m their struggle for their rights,
—this country, thus elevated, thus distinguished,
holds in bondage more than three millions of hu-
man beings. While the subjects of the despotisms
of the Old World are rising and hurling their op-
pressors from their thrones, we, the freemen of
America, are struggling to bind still more firmly
the fetters oil the limbs of the slave. Is this right ?
Is it just, or wise, or humane? Or rather, sir, is
it not a reproach to our country, and a disgrace to
our name ? Is there anything m the institution of
slavery that commands our respect; anything that
can justify us m extending its limits or strengthen-
ing its bonds? The opinion of the civilized world
is against it. Religion cries out against it. Every
sympathy of our natuie revolts at it.
No man has ever risen upon this floor and justi-
fied it. It is admitted, on all hands, even by those
most clamorous for its extension, to be a curse.
