010
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 26,
30th Cong..~.2d Sess.
Slavery in the Territories—Mr. Muffin.
Ho. or Reps.
Like the simoom, it blasts and destroys everything
it touches; and yet, sir, the North is called upon
to compromise, to submit to its extension, to con-
sent that this prolific source of e^il and mischief
may be fastened upon those vas.t territories now
the common property of the nation. The North,
sir, is opposed to slavery from every consideration
of duty to itself, to the Constitution, and to the peo-
ple that are placed under our care. Considering itan
evil, they cannot consent that their hrethren, who
may emigrate to these territories, shall be afflicted
with it. It is enough that, for the sake of peace
and of the Union, they have submitted to its exist-
ence within the old States; it is enough that we
Slave permitted five new States to be added to this
"Union, within which slavery is allowed to exist.
They can go no further. The" principles of the
lyligion they profess, and of the institutions under
which they live, forbid that they should longer
participate in giving support and encouragement to
slavery. Sir, as a northern man,-anxious to aid
in-any effort which shall advance the honor or the
glory of my country, I cannot be an abettor in a
work which brings with it nothing but national
shame and dishonor.
As the representative of a free constituency,
bound by my oath to protect the rights and inter-
ests of the whole country, I cannot, I will not,
participate in bringing upoS the people of these
Territories an institution at war with every sym-
pathy of my heart, and with every dictate of nay
judgment; an institution subversive of the dearest
and holiest ties of our nature.
Sir, we are charged with injustice in attempting
to deprive the South of its equal share in this Ter-
ritory, purchased with the common blood and
common treasure of the nation. The North did
not complain of injustice, nor threaten to dissolve
the Union, when the vast Territones of Florida
and Louisiana were annexed to the Union; although
almost every foot of both has been, and is, appro-
priated to the purposes of slavery. We did com-
plain when Texas was annexed. Yet, in violation
of the Constitution, in opposition to public senti-
ment, and in defiance of every principle upon which
the union of the States was formed, Texas, with
slavery, was annexed, and the North submitted
quietly to the outrage, and the area of slavery-was
again extended. Out of territory acquired since
the adoption of the Constitution but one free State
has been added to the Union; and yet the South
talks of injustice. Sir, what would our southern
friends have? What is it they demand ? Shall we
continue to purchase and conquer territory fortheir
— benefit alone? If this system of annexation is to
be stopped, if we do not desire to see our eagles
carried triumphant over the whole continent, we
H}ust prohibit the existence of slavery in acquired
territory. This done, and my life upon it, the
American army will never again march beyond j
our present boundaries in a war of conquest. j
Southern gentlemen tell us, sir, that they can- I
not, will not, yield to the Wilmot proviso, and ask !
us to compromise by at once admitting these ter- ;
ritories as States, and thus permit their citizens to !
establish such form of government as they may j
deem best suited to their wants. For one, sir, I j
will not, give my assent to any such policy. In i
the establishment of our territorial system, Con- '
gress had two objects in view: 1st, to provide |
protection for our citizens while they were unable j
to protect themselves; and, 2d, to enable such as [
were not already, to became acquainted with the J
principles and policy of our Government, before I
exercising those high prerogatives which belong 1
to them as citizens of a State of the Confederacy.
A very considerable portion of the inhabitants of
all our Territories have been emigrants from for-
eign countries—men unacquainted with our insti-
tutions, and a very large majority of them, conse-
quently, unprepared to exercise the rights of citi-
zenship. The system of government provided for
our Territories was, therefore, most admirably
adapted to the accomplishment of the ends pro-
posed. But, sir, we are now to abandon this sys- j
tem, to disregard the experience of sixty years, to j
rush upon untried and doubtful expedients—and 1
for what? To gratify the pride of our southern !
friends ( Sir, I have no wish to offend their pride, !
nor unnecessarily to wound their feelings or their \
prejudices, but when I am called upon to abandon j!
a wise, safe, and judicious lino of policy, and pur- ij
sue an unwise, unsafe, and injudicious one, I
demand higher considerations than this to move
me. The tide of emigration is setting into these
new Territories from almost every country on the
globe, aniembraces the educated, enlightened, and
virtuous, as well as the ignorant, the profligate,
and vicious. Even amongst those of our own cit-
izens who go there, can we say that there is none
of this latter elass ?
But, again, sir, the native population will form
a very considerable portion of the citizens of these
territories, and will any gentleman tell me that
they are fitted for the proper discharge of the duties
of American citizens? No, sir; they are our ene-
mies in feeling, m all their prejudices; they looi
upon us as the enemies of their religion, the op-
pressors and robbers of their country; they have
no one feeling or interest in common with us; and
j shall we admit such a people to the right of imme-
! diate citizenship? Every alien, no matter bow
j enlightened or how virtuous, who lands upon our
shore, is compelled to wait five years before he
can exercise the humblest right of a citizen; but-
now we are reqetired instantly to admit to this liigh
privilege our avowed enemies; as well as the out-
law, the assassin, and the robber a Sir, I never
can be guilty of such treason to my country. Bet-
ter, sir, far better that these'magnificent promises
were%t the bottom of the sea, than that such an
act of perfidy should be consummated. Organize
the territories into States, and you will meet on
this floor, and in the Senate, the friends and fol-
lowers of some Mexican dictator, who, in the
midst of some high party contest, will hold in their
hands the fate of a country they hate, and of a
people they abhor.
A bill passed this House the other day, extend-
ing the revenue laws of the United States over
Califprnia, with a unanimity almost unexampled
in the proceedings of this body. No action of this
House, since I have had the honor of a seat in it,
has pained me more than this. The people of
California are without government, without law,
without protection for property or life. We have
been in session now neaily three months, and
every hour brings the tidings of some family butch-
ered, some robbery committed; and yet we are as
unconcerned as if no wrong was done, no life or
property was in danger. What opinion will the
civilized world entertain of the patriotism, the phi-
lanthropy of the American Congress, when they
are told that, while defenceless women and children
were being murdered, we refused to protect or de-
fend them; and without debate, and by an immense
majority, provided lav/s to tax them? Shall it be
said of us that a few dollars of revenue is esteemed
as of more consequence than the lives of our citi-
zens? We can sit calmly in our seats aad behold
the murder of our fellow-citizens, but we cannot
endure the thought that England shall import into
California a few yards of calico without paying
duty to our treasury. Sir, it was a disgrace to
the nation, it was doing dishonor to^ur country,
and injustice, gross injustice, to our citizens. If
the people of California owe you allegiance—if
they are to be subject to your taxation-—you owe
them protection. Have you given it, or rather,
sir, have you not left them to be murdered, while
you violate the common courtesies of life in order
! to tax them ? The bill which passed this House,
! extending our revenue laws over California, does
! not go into operation by its terms until the 10th
day of March next. Yet this provision, securing
i as it does to the new Administration the appoint-
I ment of all the officers necessary to carry it into
| effect, was passed without objection by the friends
j of the Administration, although but a few houra
1 previously they had denounced in the severest
terms an identical similar provision in the bill
j providing a government for the Minesota Terri-
tory. It was considered as a great calamity that j
i England should have the privilege of sending into i
our country, free of duty, a few dollars' worth of !
: her manufactures; but it was a small matter that j
whole families were slaughtered, without a single !
soldier to protect them, or a single officer to pun- I
ish the murderer. This species of legislation was |j
the work of men professing to be the advocates of jj
free soil. Did they know, sir, while in their hot l|
pursuit of revenue, that they were surrendering j'
one of the strongest reasons for the establishment jj
of a government in California? Sir, the South has ||
accomplished by appeals to the avarice, what they
could not have effected by appeals to the sympa-
thies or judgment, of northern men advocating that
bill.
The charge has been repeatedly made, by south-
ern gentlemen on this floor, that the North has
been guilty of aggression upon their rights; that it
had kept alive the hostility of its people to the in-
stitution of slavery for mere purposes of agitation,
and to advance some sfflfish and unworthy end.
Sir, I deny the charge altogether, and affirm that
the whole agitation on the subject of slavery is
chargeable upon southern men, and that it is now-
kept alive by their conduct and policy. In sup-
port of this position, I appeal to the Journal of this
House and to the history of the country.
From the time of the Missouri compromise
until 1835, the North had adhered to the terms of
the arrangement in the most perfect good faith.
The subject of slavery was not agitated. We had
given our consent to the compaet, and we kept
it, not only by not agitating, but in resisting agita-
tation—in standing shoulder to shoulder with the
South, and rebuking all attempts at aggression
upon her institutions. The House and the coun-
try will bear me witness, that iq the beginning of
the slavery exeitement, .public sentiment at the
North was most decidedly hostile to the policy
and objects of the abolitionists. To such extremes
was this hostility carried, that abolition meetings
were broken up by mobs, the houses in which they
met destroyed, and those attending them subjected
to every insult and indignity an excited multitude
coald invent. Sir, if evidence is wanteil upon this
subject, I will introduce two southern gentlemen,
(Mr. Bynum, of North Carolina, and Mr. P.inck-
ne£, of South Carolina,) who fully sustain my
position:
'•Mr. Bynum, in a speech made in this House in June,
J83o, bilid, a tdrgt* majority of tSie people of the Nt.rth had
met the South m a spirit of compromise on thi-> question,
and h.td said, although there might be ;--ome doubt in relation
to the constitutional question m the Bistuct, still they would
not touch slavery even in the District.5'
"Mr. Pmcknevj during the same di<-cus«ion, said, it was
not anuis, he thought, to bthte that the whole number of
memorials presented to Congress this session amounted to
one hundred and seventy-Mx; that thev came from ten
States, embracing an aggregate population of nearl) eight
millions; that the whole number of signatures was about
thirty-four thousand; that of those more than two-fifths
were females. He thought that these facts ought to be
known. The people of the South ought to know everything
respecting these memorials. They would see the immense
disproportion between the millions of freemen, who are de-
termined to maintain their constitutional obligations to their
southern brethren, and the band of incendiary agitators, who
would trample on ail laws, human and divine, in the relent-
less pro?ecution of their diabolical design*. He believed
that there never was a healthier tone of sentiment in the
non -slavehoidmg States, in reference to the domestic insti-
tutions of the South, than at this moment. There wa«, un-
questionably, abundant reason for vigilance and caution in
relation to the fanatics; but there was also abundant reason
to rely on the enlightened pafrjotwn of the non-«lavehold-
mg States. There are great moiai causes at work m favor
of the South.
" We should trust their efficacy and watch their ptogre=s.
The people of the non-slaveholding State* are alh e to the
dangers conncetrd with this que^on, and they are gen-
eiaily fighting tho battle ot the South. They should be en-
couraged by confidence and gratitude, not repelled by vitu-
peration and suspicion.
****■ ♦**
"The South had nothms now to fear, except from those
who are determined to continue the agitation of Maveij for
the purpose of excitement. ARohtiomMn had obtained lis
height. It has b- gun to 20 down, and Kill soon <h«appf ar
entirely, if we do not fan the flame ourvplves, and will only
allow our fner.d=. in the non-slaveholding States to fight the
fanatics* in their own way, and not trammel them in their
operations by mixing up extraneous and unnece^saiy ques-
tions with the subject of abolition."
Mr. P. was the chairman of a select committee
appointed by this House in June, 1636, to take into
consideration and' report upon sundry petitions,
praying the abolition of slavery in this Distiict.
That committee reported against the prayer of the
petitioners, and assigned its reasons for the refusal.
Sir, I most sincerely wish that southern gentlemen
had continued to pursue the policy of Mr. Pmckney;
had they done so, ail this agitation which convulses
the Union, which cmbitteis every cup, which ex-
cites and inflames every bad and malignant passion
of our nature, would have been hushecl into repose;
and, so far from being enemies, we would have been
striving- in the race of a noble and generous ambi-
tion, to become greater, happier, wiser, and better
than we are now. In less than two years, how-
ever, from the presentation of the report alluded
to, this House deliberately adopted what has been
