1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
313'
30th Cong 2d Sess.
The Territorial Governments—Mr. Palfrey.
Ho. op Reps.
disc that iimy be conveyed to said haibors anU dep6ts of said
road in registered or enrolled vessels of the United States
as follows, viz: For and during the first five years after the
completion of said road, at a rare not exceeding eight dollars
per head for passengers and eight dollars per ton for freight;
from and after five years from the completion of said road,
at a rate not exceeding five dollars per head for passengers
and five dollars per ton for freight; from and after ten years
from the completion of said road, at a rate riot exceeding
four dollars per head for passengers and four dollars per ton
for freight; and from and after fifteen years from the com-
pletion ol said road, at a rate not exceeding three dollars per
head for passengers and three dollars per ton for freight:
Provided, That Congress may, at any time after the said
laifroad shall have been completed and in operation ten
years, rescind the said contract by joint resolution ; in which
case the tariff hereby established shall be annulled. That
during the existence of the said contract all citizens of the
United States and all other persons who may airive at the
harbors and depdts of tile said road in registered or enrolled
vessels of the United States, and all freight which may ar-
rive -in such vessels, shall be transported over said road m
the order and according to the time of arrival. At least
three-fotirlbs of the stock of the said ro-id shall at all times
be owned by citizens of the United States."
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, said: I agree with j]
the Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Clayton,] in a !|
great many things which he has said, but differ !;
very widely from him in some. I should think, if jj
there was any ground of mortification, it would be ;;
that this Government, the mother of Republics on i;
the American continent, dared not entertain the |!
idea of transporting her citizens and goods by a I!
road within her own dominions. If! contemplated Jl
the idea of constructing a road by the action of this j:
Government, either through the agency of corpo- jj
rations or by direct appropriations, [ should look to H
the territorvof the United States for a line ofloca- jj
tion. In afmition to the constitutional objections j
against making appropriations or advances of the J
public money to aid in the construction of com- ij
mercial roads, there are commercial and political !|
considerations, which, if the constitutional dif- j
ficulties were removed, would limit my support ;i
to those roads which were to be constructed in j;
our own country,.—if more in one case than an- ;
other, then most of all in this, where they are jj
to bind new acquisitions to ancient possessions, |'
to bring the advantages of a new commerce, and ||
open an unexplored wilderness to the enterprise of h
the peopieof the United States. Instead of seeing jj
our emigrants pass, as by this Panama route, out i:
of their own, and through a foreign country to re- ji
turn to the territory of the United States, and com- n
mence on the border of the Pacific settlements here-
after to be connected with those of the country they ji
have left, I would prefer to see our population ij
flow with steady tide towards the " far West," so i
long the cynosure of the, American adventurer; !
until settlements rising one after another to occupy j
the place of the receding savage, the search for the i
" far West" will be checked by the waves of the !
Pacific, and the proud hope of the American heart !
will be fulfilled, our vast territory will be peopled,
connected, united from shore to shore of this
" Ocean bound Republic." If separated from us
by an intervening wilderness, having no commer-
cial route save that which, passing through a for-
eign country, by sea and land, is expose'd to in-
terruptions in peace and suspension in war, it may
well be asked how long will a common policy and j
common interest exist between us; how long will ]
the sons of our fathers be content to remain in this j
colonial condition towards ns?
Let it not be supposed that I have any want of
confidence in the attachment of American citizens
to the Government of the United States: I have
an abiding faith in that attachment. 1 believe that
it is mosfdifficult to be broken off, however widely
they may be separated from the Government. But, ;
if anything is calculated to justify or lead to a for- J
getfulness of their allegiance, it would be for our j
citizens to find themselves on the shores of the j
Pacific a powerful people, having an extensive I
commerce with Asia, without communication with !
the United States, and with the legislature sitting ;
here to fix the laws governing their intercourse, .
both domestic and foreign. If that people are to ,
be bound permanently to" this Union—if it is to be j
made their interest in"all time to come to remain a j
portion of the United Slates, then I say it is neces-
sary that rapid and accessible means of commu-
nication should be ahorded them. The links of |
connection must be continuous; towns, villages, [
and hamlets, must extend along the lines of com- j
munication, from the scat of the General Govern-
ment to the shores of the Pacific, so blinding by
gradual change the opposite extremes, and uniting
the whole by neighborly intercourse together, that
interest and feeling would combine to deny a start-
ing-point to the surveyor who should come to run
a dividing-line through the territory of the United
States. If I am correct in this opinion, the con-
nected settlement of the interior, and the opening
of advantageous routes through it, must be our
ulterior object, and all other measures in reference
to this su&ject be considered as temporary expe-
dients only.
I am not willing to see this Government identi-
fied with any work outside of the United States;
and if we are to have any connexion whatever
with this proposed Panama road, let it be tempo-
rary, and let it be in dollars paid for heads and
tons conveyed, and let the stockholders bear the
charge of making the road. I am not willing to
pay any stipulated sum to this company in pros-
pect, or when they have perfected the work, other
than that which they may receive upon a contract
for carrying public stores or for carrying persons,
when they are in readiness to perform such work.
It is with this view that I have presented the
amendment. And, adopting the bill m that form,
we shall be equally ready to avail ourselves of the
road across Tehuantepec, if one be constructed
there. I believe that the route proposed will be i
subject to interruptions from foreign countries, t
especially in time of war. I believe with the Sen- !
ator from Delaware, that the Tehuantepec route j
would connect itself more intimately with the in- j
terests of the United States; but there are other j
considerations which should not be lost sight of. ]
We have no right of way, and the time must be j
remote when a road" will be constructed there, i
unless the Government of the United States ex- !
pend a large sum of money in the construction of j
a road through the Republic, of Mexico. Notwith- ;
standing the amusing definition which the honor- I
able gentleman gave of the name of Tehuantepec—
and which I suppose was given by him more in ;
jest than seriously—it is a sober and often disas- j
trous truth that blows of the kind he describes j
often prevail along that coast, and its so-called I
harbors are marked by the wrecks they have made, j
The prevailing gales are from the north; and on |
the eastern side of the continent the northers beat (
upon the shore often with such violence that ves- !
sels are compelled to seek safety by standing out J
to sea. It will therefore be apparent that deep i
indentations of the coast upon the Gulf of Mexico, ,
or Carribean sea, only increase the danger of the
anchorage. The headlands jutting out beyond the j
anchorage prevent the vessel from running up or j
i down the coast; in the face of a gale she cannot I
I get to sea; and if driven from her moorings,'must ]
, add another to the many wrecks which mark that j
! fatal beach. All this is reversed, on the western
Or Pacific coast: there the same gales blow off the i
t coast, and the vessel, if driven from her anchorage, ,
would be carried out to sea. So far. then, as the !
formation of'the coast is concerned, I think the j
natural advantages are decidedly in favor of Pana- !
ma, and that expensive improvements will be !
necessary to equalize them. j
j But these are considerations which belong to the ]
engineers, and it is not my purpose to enter into !
them. "We have nothing to do with the one or the ij
other of these routes. They are foreign roads, jj
We neither propose to locate them or to build j!
them; but if they are built, and their services are ij
offered to us at reasonable rates, then let us avail :|
ourselves of them, whether it be on the route over <|
Panama or Tehuantepec, or both. jj
; 1 therefore say again, that I wish to continue the ■,
surveys in our own country, to find a passage jj
1 which I believe to exist, and which will be direct
from the valley of the Mississippi to the Pacific j
Ocean, whether through the valley of the Gila, or j
by Pueblo de los Angeles—whether to San Diego, |
or Monterey, or San Francisco. I wish the whole ;
' well explored by topographical engineers; and j
. whether the terminus be at San Francisco or J
1 wherever it be, let us look for a passage in our i
! own country, by which the emigration and com-
merce of theJtJnited States may pass from one sea J:
to the other, and the advantages of both pernna- ;1
nently inure to the country to which theypropeiiy ,
, If fsucceed in the proposition which I have made .
: to amend the bill, by striking out all that relates to I
the rates of compensation, in the form of annual
payments to be made to the company, it shall then
be followed by an amendment which shall stipulate
that the Government of the United States shall pay
for transportation a rate which shall not exceed
that fixed in the second section of the bill upon the
persons and property of American citizens. The
Government certainly will be able to make con-
tracts with the company for the transportation of
pefsons and goods upon more favorable terms than
the tariff we would be authorized to fix. And I
have no reason to believe, from any computation
that I have been able to make, that the sum thus
to be paid by the G-overnment would reach the
amount which is contemplated by this bill. But,
whatever the amount, be it more or less, it should
be compensation for services rendered. As the'
bill stands, if it should come to pass that we should
wish to abandon that road, having a better com-
munication open to us, we must still continue our
payments in life same manner as though we re-
ceived services. To this there are ail the objec-
tions which would apply to a direct grant of money,
without the merit of an open transaction.
I am opposed to internal improvements, and
cannot become an advocate of external improve-
ments. If the principle is to be adopted, let us be
taxed for works of permanent improvement, and
commercial advantage, or the building of monu-
ments within the limits or the United States, but
not beyond.
I have never, in the examination either of this
or the original bill; supposed that the language
would bear the construction that has been put upon
it. I considered it as authorizing the Secretary of
the Navy to make a contract, and as providing a
limit beyond which he should not go. I never
considered him as bound to pay the sum men-
tioned in the bill, or any other sum independentof
services rendered; but as such has been the con-
struction put upon it, I now wish to get rid of that
difficulty, and it is therefore that I offer the amend-
ment.  _____
THE TERRITORIAL GOVERNMENTS.
SPEECH OF MR. J. G. PALFREY,
op Massachusetts,
In the House of Representatives,
February 36,' 1849.
On tlie 2Cth of February, 1S40, the Committee of the Whole
Hou«e on the state of Ihe Union (Mr. Vinton in tile chair)
having under consideration the Bill reported by tlie Com-
mittee Oil the Territories to establish a Territorial Govern-
ment for Upper California-
Mr. PALFREY spoke as follows:
Mr. Chairman: I attempted to obtain the floor
at an earlier liour, on the conclusion of the remarks
of the honorable gantleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Vexable.] The Chair very properly as-
signed it to another. It is perhaps fortunate for
me that I get a hearing later in the evening. * I am
not sorry that there has been a lull. The quiet and
pacific tenor of the remarks which I propose to
submit, would have been ill in accord with the
rather tumultuous pitch to which the belligerent
tone—the drums, trumpets, and thunder—of the
gentleman from North Carolina, has excited the
minds of the committee.
Sir, we have at length reached a point, which,
for three years past, has with good reason been
looked forward to as a critical one in the fortunes
of this nation. The immediate cause of that series
of tiansactions, at the sad conclusion of which we
now find ourselves, was the unconstitutional and
disastrous annexation of Texas—a measure avow-
edly conceived and carried out, for the further con-
firmation of that despotic slave power which has
ruled this nation with a constantly growing op-
pressiveness for half a century. In the further
development of events, war was declared against
Mexico by an overwhelming majority of this
House. Of the fourteen patriotic men who re-
corded their names against that enormous measure,
thank God, all but one-half were from the old Bay
State! It was from the beginning a war of inva-
sion and conquest. Nobody dreamed that the ten
millions of dollarsand the fifty thousand volunteers
were placed at the President's disposal for the
rescue of General Taylor and his brave little army.
