1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
§13
30th Cong 2d Sess.
The Territorial Governments—Mr. Palfrey.
Ho. of Reps.
stay at home. But suppose we wish to visit those
regions. If we keep them free, we can go thither
with the full privilege of speaking and publishing
our mind on all matters of interest whatsoever. If
we have allowed slavery to go thither first, we must
go to a suspension of our much-valued freedom of
speech, and freedom of the press, as far as thegreat
question of the age is concerned. We shall not
then be able to speak or print respecting slavery
there, except at extreme peril of life and limb.
With part of us, it will fare worse yet. If we
allow Slavery to get into these provinces, part of
our number must give up the idea of going thither
on any terms—to be ever so silent, or ever so sub-
missive. The men and women of South Carolina
come to Massachusetts, and we welcomfe them to
our simple hospitality. We treat them as well as
we know how;—if it is not very well,.their magna-
nimity will pardon something to the scantiness of
our means, and the homeliness of our breeding.
Men and women of Massachusetts go tg South
Carolina;—they are taken from the ships before
landing—they are imprisoned—they are scourged
—they are sold, they and theirs, into life-long bond-
age. Admit slavery into California, and Califor-
nia, as to this matter, will become for us another ;
Carolina. When the acquisition of it from Mex- j
ico was talked of as a desirable thing, we of New '
England were addressed with the argument of what ]
a convenience a few ports in the North Pacific j
would be to our whale ships. They would be a j
convenience, or not, according to circumstances, j
I think I have understood my friend and colleague j
[Mr. Grinnell] to say, that there are not fewer
than fifteen hundred colored seamen in the whale j
ships from his district, and among them are somej
mates, and even masters, of vessels. It is rather j
too much to expect of them, or of us, to consent
to the establishment of such a government in Cali-
fornia, that they would have to meet at £an Fran-
cisco the reception which now awaits them at
Charleston. I think we shall hardly agree so to
settle those Territories that our State agents shall
be driven from them as from Carolina, or that in
them, as in Carolina, we shall be despoiled of our
right of a hearing in the FederaL courts.^
"But, suppose we want not only to visit, but to
emigrate: what then? Sir, gentlemen from the
South talk of our excluding them from the Terri-
tories, by excluding slavery. The truth is, they
would exclude us, if they should be allowed to
introduce it. They speak of our designing to dis-
possess them of their share in the common prop-
erty; their plan would absolutely defraud us of
ours'. Let slavery get a footing on the land, and
we could not go thither; that is, we could not go,
remaining such persons a3 we are; we could not
go, retaining our identity. In what capacity should
we "0' Should we go to join the class of slave-
holders? Mr. Chairman, let large allowance be
made for influences acting on the minds of men
born or educated in the midst of slavery, and by
Ion" fanuliaiity blinded to its character. So much
as That is required by liberality—nay, by justice.
But, as to the different case I"am supposing, there
are thousands m the free North who would say
that a son of ours, born of a New England mother,
nourished at a New England bosom, baptized in
a New England church, bred at a New Eng and
school, that he should go from a New England
home to be a buyer and seller of men and women,—
there are thousands, yes, tens, hundieds of thou-
sands, who would say, let us follow him to his
grave first! ,
Shall we, then, and our sons and brothers when
skuery has been established in California and New
Mexico, go thither to be non-slaveholders? ihat
would be to lose our identity just as much. 1 hat
would be to abandon the character of the inde-
pendent, well-informed, self-respecting yeoman as
we see him in the North, for that of the very dif-
ferent specimen of humanity known as the mean
vhite man, the poor buckra, in the southern States.
The laboring man of New England is any man s
equal. His occupation is esteemed honorable.
His mmd is instructed. His sober, methodical,
industrious habits, aie such as sustain sell-respect,
and claim respect from others. While the esti-
mation ill which his employment is held and the
compensation which remunerates it give him
enough for contentment, there is no public e'eva"
tion to which he may not aspire for himself and
his. The public offers to his children -an educa-
tion—not as a boon, but as their birth-right—such
as enables them to start from the same level as the
richest in the race for the high prizes of society.
Will you ask such a man to east in his lot with
the poor, shiftless, lazy, uninstructed, cowed non-
slaveholder of the South? a character, I am far
from saying.universal with that class of men—
for there are happy natures which are able to
rise above disadvantages of position—but far too
common for our people to take the chance of fall-
ing into it. Will you propose to our northern
laboring farmer or mechanic to emigrate to a region
of which you have told the-whole story, when you
have said, that because slavery exists there labor
cannot be honorable, and there can be no common
schools? No, sir; let not gentlemen say that we
are designingto banish them from theseTerritories.
It is we whom they propose to banish. We and
ours have a right to find new homes there, if we
will. But it is utterly to deprive us of that right
to say, that m order to do so, we must convert
ourselves from what we are into slaveholders, or
else into that only other class of white men who
can live by the slaveholder's side. We can do
neither the one nor the other. If we and ours in-
cline to emigrate, we must do it, being what we
are. The right is ours, and we cannot consent to
have it ejnbarrassed with conditions which Would
make it'wholly worthless, and the same as if it
were not.
Again, gentlemen are fond of charging us with
raising a sectional question. They say that we are
pressing a controversy between North and South,
and they undertake to rebuke us in the words of
the Father of the Country in his Farewell Address.
This charge of exciting sectional divisions makes
the great staple of not a few speeches which I have
heard in this House, and it colors the whole tissue
of the two famous Addresses recently put forth
from the secret nightly conclave in this Capitol.
Sir, I deny utterly the correctness of this repre-
sentation. So far as I am concerned, the abettors
of slavery shall have no advantage from a state-
ment so entirely unfounded in point of fact. This
is no question between the North and the South. :
It is a question between a comparatively small ;
number of slaveholders living in the South on the j
one side, and, on the other, the vast majority of j
! American freemen who hold no slaves, living both j
: at the South and the North. Who are these sen- :
I tlemen that assume to put themselves in the place j
i of the southern section of the United States, and !
i to say, when they cannot have their way, that the i
South is assailed? Do they constitute the whole j
! population of the South, that they pretend thus to j
i identify themselves with it? Do they constitute i
| the greatest part of it? IIow many are there? The !
j whole number of the free white population south j
j of Mason and Dixon's line, in 1840, was 4,809,187; \
j the whole number of slaveholders among them ]
; cannot possibly exceed 300,000. With what face |
1 does such a mere fraction of a population under- j
i take to speak for the whole, and to complain that ;
I a sectional question is moved when only the en- j
j croachments of one limited interest within that ;
i section are resisted' No, sir, the slaveholders of I
! the South are not the South. Far fiom it. And ,
I not only are they not the South, but they repre- j
I sent an interest absolutely antagonistic and hostile
i to the interest and welfare of that large majority i
, of the citizens of the South, that do not hold ]
i slaves—an interest altogether more opposed to the ;
! well-being of southern non-slaveholders, than to ;
! the well-being of citizens of the northern States,
l! We of the North have great reason to complain ;
II of slavery. It has done and does us great and
I o-rievous injustice. But it does not control our
!; State governments, and to that extent make us its
1 slaves. It does not, by its presence among us,
1 make our honest industry disreputable. It does
! not strike the bread of knowledge from out lips.
' All this it does for the southern non-slaveholder.
' And yet, when we undertake to resist some new
impudent pretension which it puts forth, we are
; to be complained of as raising a sectional question,
1 and encroaching on the South, a vast majonty of
i whose citizens are far more wronged by it than
ourselves. . . 1
' No, sir, I repeat it; this is no question between
! North and South. It is a questton simply between
i; the friends of slavery and the friends of liberty,
South as well as North. The southern non-slave-
holders •belong of right to our party—the party of
the free. That is their natural position, and they
are on their way to find it. The same abominable
power which annoys us and insults humanity,
grinds them in the dust. They are about to un-
derstand this, unless promising signs deceive. And
when they do, and have learned to speak for them-
selves, we shall see how long it will be that slave-
holders will continue to call themselves the South.
And before leaving this topic, I will venture to
appeal to the generosity and justice of gentlemen
from the South to help us keep these Tei riioiiea
free from slavery, out of regard to the interests of
their own constituents, little as they may care
about the interests and wishes of ours. Gentle-
men, many of your fellow-citizens love slavery.
They have plenty of room to enjoy it, within the
limits of the States which you represent. Let
them stay there and enjoy it, to their full content.
Others do not love slavery, but they love southern
habits of life in other respects, and a southern cli-
mate. Here you have an opportunity to consult
their welfare, at the same time that you allow us
our rights. Here, if you will but permit it, your
kindred and neighbors may build new homes be-
neath a southern sky, with everything southern
about them, except only that feature of southern
1 life which now disturbs and harms them. Keep
such an asylum open, and numbers of your com-
patriots, increasing year by year, will thank you
for your provident care. I presume you know—
for I do, with less opportunities than yours—of
slaveholders who long to escape from slavery, to
get out of the reach of sight and hearing of its
woes, to rear their children beyond the influence
of its blight, but to whom the change of climate,
and of habits incident to climate, would involve
so great a sacrifice as to forbid their transferring
themselves to a northern home. Do not insist on
closing against such the gates of the welcome city
of refuge which awaits them in these fair Territo-
ries. How large this class may be now, I do not
know. But I have no doubt that it is to be a pretty
rapidly increasing one, and accordingly as you deal
justly or wrongfully by them m this matter, you
will be in the way, before long, of hearing pretty
loud commendations or complaints from quarters
to which you will not be indifferent.
But if this is the case with some of your slave-
holding neighbors, the number of your non-slave-
holding constituents, for whom you arc bound to
; make "this provision, is far greater. The gentle-
i man from North Carolina [Mr. Clingman] told
i us last winter, that "a very large proportion of the
1 emigration of the old southern States goes into
i the free States of the Northwest," and he added,
! that he had observed this to be "eminently true
of the North Carolina emigrants." This unques-
tionable tendency is illustiated by the facts relating
to the.locations of land warrants for services m the
late war, as presented in the recent report of tfie
War Department. It appears, that of about 12,000
warrants taken out, only 1,750 were for locations
I in the slave States. Undoubtedly the proportion
I of southern troops entitled to those warrants was
| far greater than that of 1,750 to 12,000. Gentle-
| meii, what do you understand this to mean ? The
i way I understand it is this: that a laige propor-
- tion of your own constituents, when they seek a
new home, want to find one which the plague of
slavery will not infest. They want to go where
the food of the intellect and of the soul is within
reach; where they may claim for themselves and
' theirs the rights of their manhood unabridged;
!; where an idle despotism is not the condition of
' honor, nor toil confounded with servitude, nor
i industrious usefulness a badge of disgrace. But
ij to do this,they must now betake themselves to the
I hardships of unaccustomed modes of life, and to
' the rigor of a northern sky. Gentlemen, might it
i not be worth your while to have some consider-
" ation for their case? Might it not be well for you
| to permit them to occupy those congenial abodes
j on conditions such as they desire? What rights
!j have you there, that these constituents of yours
have not as much, and more? Is it not a very rea-
sonable claim of theits, that m these regions unex-
pectedly opened to their occupation you should
permit them to enjoy at once the luxurious climate
! to which they have been used, and the free tnsti-
1 tutions which they deem essential to their welfare ?
