316
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 26,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
The Territorial Governments—Mr. Palfrey
Ho. of Reps.
Wiil you do well, to take it upon you to resist
that claim ? *
Mr. Chairman, we have become quite used to
being threatened that if we persist in asserting the
rights of freedom in the government of this coun-
try, we shall be defeated and punished by an over-
throw of the Constitution, and a dissolution of the
Uruon. 1 do not propose to enter largely into that
subject. Gentlemen will not be surprised to hear
me say that we listen to such forebodings with
utter incredulity. At another period, when the
same rhetoric was rife, and when our institutions
were far less consolidated than now, Mr. Jefferson
very wisely said, " 1 do not believe there is a°gov-
' ernment on earth established on so immovable a
' basis. Let them in any State, even in Massa-
' chusetts itself, raise the standard of separation,
' and its citizens will rise in a ma^, and do justice
' to themselves*on their own incendiaries." As
long ago as 1835, in an article reproduced in a late
famous Address, it was announced by the Charles-
ton newspaper organ of Mr. Calhoun, who has the
unfortunate eminence in the popular mind of being
the source of the so often abortive movements, that
if "the Legislatures of Pennsylvania, Massachu-
' Setts, and New York, should adjourn without
' passing laws for the suppression of the abolition
' societies," that would be " the proper time for a
' convention of the slaveholding States," to " em-
* body and make known the sentiments of the
' whole South, and contain the distinct annuncia-
' tion of our fixed and unalterable determination
* to obtain the redress of our grievances, be the
1 consequences what they may." The article was
entitled, as usual, "The Crisis;" but the crisis
passed harmlessly away. The Legislatures ad-
journed without enacting any such laws, but the
threatened convention never met; and fourteen
years have since come and gone, with the Union
as unbroken as ever. Those fourteen years have
not only witnessed no disruption, nor even serious
symptoms of such a calamity, but they have
' wrought out a softened and more enlightened tone
of public sentiment, South as well asNorth. Why,
sir, what better proof do we need of this than the
miserable failure of the late attempt made in this
Capitol to marshal a force for treason, and overawe
he deliberations of this Hall? It came to nothing
under the coldness and the frowns of the patriotic
■southern men who had been counted on to sustain
it. X read in the newspapers that _the honorable
gentleman from Kentucky near me, [Mr. More-
iead,] when asked what he would do if the Wil-
not proviso should become a law for the new
provinces, replied., that his arm should wither from
(s socket before he should lift it against the Union
of the Stales. I know nothing of the truth of that
story; but I believe it, because it is in accordance
with what I have observed of that gentleman's
sxcellent head and heart. A published letter
las just reached us from the center of Louisiana,
tidied by a citizen of eminence m that State, (Mr
;l. B. Brashear,) himself a slaveholder, and, as I
inderstand, a delegate to the Convention at Phila-
lelphia which nominated the President elect. In
i course of most judicious and patriotic remarks on
he great question of the day—remarks, altogether
appropriate, I will not say to a northern, but to an
American freeman—the writer asks, " with what
' face can we propose to our northern brethren the-
' extension of this political evil and this moral wrong
' over new territory?" "As a southerner," he says,
"I disavow thechoice which these self-elected rep-
• resentatives of southern opinion have promul-
■ gated as ours; as a patriot I reprobate their course,
' and prefer the enfranchisement of the soil of Cali-
' forma to this avowal of a want of attachment to
' the Union being accepted by our brethren of the
' North as the reflex of southern sentiment." And
•eferring to the language, " ' The South will ac-
jept' of this, or else the bayonet,—' the South is
willing'for that, or else the bayonet," he adds,
" For the South I repudiate it utterly, totally, and
-ook upon its authors as mad, if heated by heartless
assaults, as traitors if cool and deliberate." Can
such indications—I will not multiply them, though
J might—be mistaken? No; the leaders in the
Politics of the slave States would not dissolve the
Onion, if they could. Whatever might be the
passions and the temerity of some of them, they
would be oierruled by the better judgment and
temper of the rest. They could not do it, if they
would." r speak not of any coercion on our part.
We should not have to raise a regiment, or equip
a ship. We should only have to leave them to the
care of their own fellow-citizens. In common times,
from the force of habit and other obvious causes,
the great non-slaveholding majority of freemen in
the slave States are willing to be led by their richer
and better educated neighbors, and even to act upon
the prejudices, jealousies, and passions which these
instil. But let. a question of the overthrow of our
constitution of government seriously break out,
and the charm would presently be broken. The
agitation of that question would speedily enlighten
the non-slaveholder as to his position, his interest,
and his rights. In a very short time he would be
prepared to say,—If you tell us that your slave
property and the Federal Union cannot subsist to-
gether, and that therefore the Union must be broken
up, we can only say that, if we must admit your
fact, we come to a different conclusion; if it be so,
we will have no slavery among us; the Union must
be kept harmless, at all events. And a non-slave-
holding majority at the polls of six to one would
settle that question very decidedly and very peace-
ably. The issue would probably be somewhat
delayed, but violent measures would have to wait
for it; discussion—the discussion which seditious
movements would draw out—would help it on
rapidly; and come before long it would.  
Mr. Chairman, there has crept of late into this
discussion a style of remark, which I cannot think
will be found to afford any valuable illustration to
an argument of such strictly practical and present
importance. Gentlemen incline to invite us to the
investigation of historical problems, and seem to
imagine that if they can point out some fault in our
ancestors, they do something towards refuting our
reasonings, and barring our claims for our rights.
The gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bemnger,]
the same who was pleased to refer to me as " the
Anacharsis Cloots of the present day," spoke of
Massachusetts—in the use of a somewhat violent
hyperbole—as the State where " witches, and In-
dians, and Cluakers, and Catholics, and other such
heretics, were, ' in the brave days of old,' burned
literally by the cold;"—a violent hyperbole, I ven-
ture to call it, inasmuch as, to say nothing of burn-
ings " literally by the cord," no heretic or other
obnoxious person, of the description specified, or
of any other, was ever burned in Massachusetts.
It is sadly true that two Cluakers and several re-
puted witches were executed in that colony, and
that other Cluakers were very harshly treated for
what was esteemed disturbance of the peace of the
jurisdiction, and for returning after having been
!; banished from it. The superstition of witchcraft
■ was the dismal error of the times, and our ances-
! tors, not being wiser than the wisest of their con-
J temporaries, on either side of the water, had their
j full share in the delusion. Does the gentleman
1 from Virginia suppose, that if lie had lived in the
| seventeenth century, he would have seen deeper
; into things than Sir Edward Coke and Sir Matthew
! Hale ? His_ modesty, 1 am sure, would forbid the
| thought. Yet those sages of the law held the same
; doctrine on the subject of witchcraft as the Massa-
j chusetts fathers, and expounded and administered
; it in the Court of the King's Bench. And let me j
' tell the gentleman that in that awfully dark pas- j
! sage of our early history all is not darkness. In one j
i view it appears lighted up with a lurid indeed, but j
! with a majcstic blaze. If this witchcraft madness !
' has left a peculiar blot upon the history of Massa- i
1 chusetts, it is because of this great difference be- !
[ tween her people and that of other communities i
! whose annals bear no such stain; viz: that what !
| both alike professed to believe, the former more :
i consistently and honestly acted out. Deplore as i
we may the grievous infatuation, still more even ;
, than v.-e lament and condemn that, we find cause j
' to applaud the brave and constant spirit that would '
t never quail before the awful delusion that pos-;
1 sessed it. It was no less than the powers of dark- !'
they thought of nothing but stern defiance, deadly
battle, and the victory which God would give luu
nle. They would have made bare the arm of
against the Serpent in bodily presence, could
he have put on an assailable shape. As it was,
they let it fall without mercy on those whom they
understood to be his emissaries.*
I deplore with the gentleman the severities prac-
tised on the Cluakers, though he i3 mistaken in
supposing that they were "burned by the cord,"
or that they were burned at all. I defend no big-
otry in any men or in any age. But undoubtedly
some difference must be allowed to exist between
the orderly, industrious duaker philanthropist of
the present day and the madman of two centuries
ago, with®whom the Massachusetts colonists had
to deaf; and perhaps the duty of toleration, com-
prehensive though it be, stops somewhere short of
allowing men and women, for conscience sake, to
run, as naked as they were born, through the
stieets«nd into the churches; or, at all events,
does not require the permitting of people to gain
a name like Abraham's by sacrificing their own
sons, as one of the Cluakers, in 1658, was proceed-
ing to do, when his neighbors, alarmed by thfe
boy's cries, broke into the house in time to rescue
him. When the Cluakers found out the Massa-
chusetts people in their distant hiding place from
the storm—the "outside of the world," as they
called it—they contented themselves with merely
sending them back by the vessels which had
brought them, thinking that both might live more
satisfactory, if they lived apart. The Cluakeis
returned, and were sent away a second time. A
third time they came. Severer penalties were then
resorted to. They were such as did not touch life,
but they were too harsh to carry the public opin-
ion along with them, and recourse was again had
to a removal of the offensive visitants out of the
jurisdiction. It failed, and at length, by the ma-
jority of a single voice, the general court passed
that law denouncing the punishment of death
against Cluakers returned from banishment, which
has had its chief life in history, for it was repealed
almost as soon as enacted. Thewholecontest, from
first to last, continued about four years, when a
more humane policy, never since disturbed pos-
sessed itself of the public councils.
And possibly there is another view of this sub-
ject of the religious intolerance of the Massachu-
setts fathers, to which the attention of the gentleman
from Virginia may not have been carefully directed.
Without doubt he remembers'the record of Lord
Clarendon that the Royal Commissioners, sent out
m 1664, found the northern colonies already "hard-
ened into republics." They had been a short
time hardening. What hardened them so fast?
Perhaps few things more than the jealous and rigid
pertinacity with which they adhered to their theory
of exclusion from political fellowship, of all who
might have used such power to strangle their em-
bryo Commonwealth. It will not do to look upon
the Massachusetts fathers as a set of heady zealots,
caieful only to have their own way in religion
without regard to consequences, and that way not
a very wise one. There were cool and far-sighted
statesmen at the helm. King or Protector to the
contrary notwithstanding, they meant to have a
republic; and they had it virtually from the first,
exercising with the utmost freedom all attributes
of sovereignty, though avoiding all ostentation of
it with the utmost address. They were not so
| unfit for their delicate work, as to be willing to
commit power to any who would have used it
to obstruct their object, or even who would not
sympathize with them in hearty zeal for its accom-
plishment. They meant that no man attached to
the monarchy of England through attachment to
its church (whether that should turn out to be
Papal or Episcopal) should have a particle of pow-
er to annoy them in the prosecution of their great
work; and therefore if such a man was to live
among them at all, they would have him the sub-
ness that these men believed to be m arms against - ject, not the sharer, of Iktir government. Dexteiity
.i a.-j .i nerve was required to play so critical
them. And they did not shrink even from that
contest; they feared neither man nor the devil;
they feared nothing but God. They imagined the
Prince of Hell, with his legions, to be among them,
" the sacramental host of God's elect," seeking
among them whom he might devour; and they
gave place to him for subjection, no, not for an
hour. Set upon by invisible and supernatural foes,
: a game, and little fit would they have been to win
■ it, if they had volunteered to show their hands to
his Majesty's Privy Council. To exclude or keep
•The train of thought and part of the lanpunge here are
the same a.- m a passage ot a seim-centennial discourse de-
livered by the speaker, in Xi344, before the Mdstuichuseits
Historical Society.
