1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
317
30th Conc, 2d Sess.
The Territorial Governments—Mr. Palfrey.
Ho. of Reps.
down churchmen, and at the same time dispense
from the like disabilities others who were equally
dissenters from their own docrine and rule, would
have been to deprive their act of all color, even if
otherwise it would have perfectly answered their
end. Taking advantage of their reputation abroad
for acting under impulses which observers less
sagacious than themselves supposed to be the
only ones that had power over their minds, they
cut off indiscriminately those who did not love
their creeds from all participation in their govern-
ment, and were quite willing that others should be
stupid enough to ascribe to a stupid bigotry of
theirs a system of administration which, had it
been seen to be prompted—as in part, at least, it
appears to have been—by the profeundest policy,
would have brought down on them too soon the
hard and heavy hand of England. So they had
their own way, without any one in their own circle
to mar it. So they consolidated their institutions,
till, by the time when the second generation canre
forward, they had "hardened into republics."
So they kept up and bequeathed the intense and
constant spirit they had brought with them. So
they stood quietly by their arms, to watch the
signs of the times, and do what, from one time to
another, might be needful for the keeping of the
treasure they had no mind to part with. So they
were ready to depose and imprison a king's gov-
ernor, as they actually did in Boston, in 1688; and
if matters had then gone otherwise in England,
they might possibly have antedated the Revolution
by nearly a century. So they built firm the founda-
tions of the Commonwealths which at length did
the part of New England in the War of Independ-
ence. Blot the franchise laws and the rest of this
intolerant legislation of the Massachusetts colo-
nists out of history—open the door for the emis-
saries of Strafford and Laud into the council cham-
bers of the New England Puritans,—and possibly
the other colonies might have had to wait some-
what longer for their independence; possibly at
this time the history, not only of one continent,
but of both, might not have reud as it now
reads.*
Three days ngo, Mr. Chairman, we heard an-
other strain from the Ancient Dominion, unlike to
that on which I have now been slightly comment-
ing. I listened with the delight which such grace-
ful eloquence has the power to give, and certainly
not without my share of the emotion which was
stirred in every hearer. I trust that it was not a
mere transient pleasure, but that I was warmed
with something of the patriotic spirit which the
gentleman [Mr. McDowell] so powerfully ex-
horted us to cultivate. So far as that effect was
produced, I shall be only the better qualified to
sustain those views of the public well-being and
honor of which I have occasionally come forward
here as the very humble advocate. Admiring the
elevated and generous tone of many of that gentle-
man's remarks, there were yet some things I could
have wished otherwise,—independent of his argu-
ment on the particular question now in hand, which
of course did not satisfy me. I cannot specify
them as I would, the speech not having yet ap-
peared in print, and the immediate excitement of
the pleasure it afforded haying been such as to pre-
vent a careful weighing—still more, a clear remem-
brance—of its reasonings and language. One re-
mark in particular fell on my ear as a discord in
fhe geneial harmony of its praiseworthy tone of
sentiment. I think the gentleman presented some
antithesis such as this,—that the people to whom
I belong managed to make a pecuniary capital out
of slavery in former times, and political capital
now. Sir, there are those who could teach the
gentleman somewhat to qualify his views about
uncompromising hostility to slavery being a suie
way to lay up " political capital." And as to the
pecuniary capital" supposed to have been made
' by Massachusetts fiom slavery a hundred years
©go, I will say no more than that, while at that
period she was perhaps not much wiser on this
subject than her neighbors, one thing she has al-
ways done: she has always held her eyes wide
open to the light; she has always greeted new truth,
and promptly adopted and acted on it when made
* The same view of tins subject was presented hi an ar-
ticle turni li<-U bj the spc-akei, in to the NoUli Amcu-
cun lie view.
.known.. Can Virginia say as much? Will the
gentleman affirm it of her? And will he sustain
the assertion by a comparison of what she now is
with what she wag when she helped to win the
Independence and establish the Constitution of
these States ?
The gentleman thinks that Virginia laid Massa-
chusetts under an obligation of gratitude and affec-
tion by her sympathy and aid in the disastrous
time of the Boston Port Bill. I think she did, and
that the debt is mutual, at least. Does the gentle-
man suppose that the distresses incurred by Mas-
sachusetts at the period of which he speaks were
solely for objects of her own, or that the exertions
made by Virginia and others of her sister colo-
nies—whether regarded as made in her behalf, or
for the common cause, for which she was stand-
ing the foremost champion—were anything more
than mitigations of her woe? When James Otis
argued in the oM State House against the Writs
of Assistance, and " then and there," according to
John Adams, " the child Independence was born,"
for whom was that birth—for Massachusetts or for
America? When from her Faneuil Hall ^nd the
meetings of her village democracies the gauntlet
was thrown down to the tremendous power of
England, was Massachusetts alone in the prospect
of advantage from that strife, or only most forward
in its perils? When the vindictive 41 Port Bill,"
to which the gentleman referred took effect, was
it some Virginian city, or was it Boston, the chief
mart of the continent, that saw its prosperity made
desolation, and the grass springing in its streets?
And if Massachusetts did incur a debt for the
sympathy and succors which, as the gentleman
correctly states, she then received, I think she ,
paid some instalments of it when she bore the first j
furious brunt of the battle on her own soil,—when
she sent one soldier m every three to the armies
of the Revolution, furnishing more troops than all
the six slave States put together in the proportion
of more than eight to seven,—and when the excess
of her payments into the common treasury for the
prosecution of the war, over and above what she
drew from it, was greater than that of the aggre- j
gate of her twelve sister States. j
The gentleman should be better acquainted than j
myself, Mr. Chairman, with the history of the
great State which he represents. And yet I can-
not entirely acquiesce m the distinction he has
drawn—not original with him, I am aware—be-
tween the settlers of Virginia and of Massachu-
setts, as representatives lespectively of the Cav-
aliers and Roundheads of the old country. I
remember that Captain Smith, the man who saved
the first company of Virginian planters from self-
destruction, said of them, that " a great part were
* unruly sparks, packed off by their friends to es-
'cape worse destinies at home; many were poor
'gentlemen, bioken tradesmen, rakes, and liber-
4 tines, footmen, and such others as were much
< fitter to spoil and ruin a Commonwealth, than to
4 help to raise or maintain one." Sir, 1 am far
from imagining that this is a matter of the slight-
est account at the present time. The founders of
Rome have no very good repute in history, and
we do not think the less of the heroes and sages of j
the great times of the sublime republic, because of |
the equivocal character of the original fountains of i
their generous blood. But if we are summoned ,
perforce to the school of the historic Muse, it is -
meet that we give heed to her lessons. And on |
the other hand—a thing now of equally little mo- ;
ment—not a few of the Roundhead Massachusetts
founders were of the noble and the-gentlc biood of i
England. There were scholars from her great ;
universities; in twenty years from the first settle-
ment, there were as many graduates of Oxford and
Cambridge in Massachusetts as in Oid England, j
in proportion to the population. There were cap- ■
tains from the famous fields ot Europe, courtiers .
from its capitals, delicate women from the luxury
of its ancient feudal halls, "coming," as the con-
temporary chronicler said, " Irom a paradise of
plenty and pleasure in the family of nobles, to a
wilderness of wants." This is a matter now of ;
just as little impoitance as the other; but when
challenged about the past, even the ground of
such conventionalities is not one which we or
Massachusetts have the slightest reluctance to ex-
i * And, sir, when the gentleman, calling up affect-
ing reminiscences of the past, appealed to us of
Massachusetts to be faithful to the obligations of
patriotism, I repeat, that I trust his language fell
profitably as well as pleasantly on my ear. He
has reminded us of t>ur stern but constant ances-
try. I hope we shall be true to their great mission
for Freedom and Right, and all the more true for
having listened to his own impressive exhorta-
tion. The gentleman remembers the declaration
of Hume, that "it was to the Puritans that the
people of England owed its liberties." May their
race never desert that work, as long as any of it
is left to do! Sir, as i come of a morning to my
duties here, I am apt to stop before the picture in
your Rotundo of the departure from Delft Haven
of that vessel, "freighted with the best hopes of
the world," and refresh myself by looking in the
faces of four arffcestors of my own, depicted by
the limner in the group on that dismal deck—the
brave and prudent leader of the company, his head
and knee bowed in prayer;—his faithful partner,
blending in her mild but care-worn countenance
the expression of the wife, the parent, the exile,
and the saint;—the young maiden and the youth,
going out to the wide sea and the wide world, but
already trained to masculine endurance and "per-
fect peace" by the precious faith of Christ. Not
more steadfast than those forlorn wanderers were
the men, who, in the tapestried chambers of Eng-
land's great sway, with stout sword on thigh, and
a stouter faith in the heart, and the ragged flags of
Cressy, and Agincourt, and the Armada, aoove
their heads,
 •" Sdl with Bibles open} around the council board,
And answered a king's mi&sive, with a stern < Tllus sajth
the Lord.'"
Not hardier were they, who in the iron-squad-
rons of Fairfax and Ciormvell, had many a haid
trot on many a hot and dusty day to get so much
as a sight of the backs ot' those silk and velvet
Cavaliers, of whom the eloquent gentleman dis-
coursed with so much unction.
Sir, the spirit of that stubborn race, if somewhat
softened by the change in manners and the lapse
of time, is not yet exttnet in their children. The
gentleman is welcome, for me, to have very little
respect for any who, in his language, have " made
capital" of one kind or another out of human
slavery. But I ask him, did the Roundhead ever
flinch when battle was to be done for freedom?
Sir, I live in the midst of the scenes of his last
bloody struggle for that cause. Humble as I am,
1 am honored to represent the men who till the
earliest battle-fields of American independence. As
I sit in my door of a still summer evening, I hear
the bells from Lexington Comipon. The shaft
over the sacred ashes of Bunker Hill rises within
three miles of my windows. I leave my home,
and m an hour I stand by the ruined abutments of
old Concord Bridge, and the green graves of the
first two British victims in the hecatombs of tlje
Revolution. Representing, however feebly, such
a people in lineage and in office—warned by the
lessons and the present monuments of such a his-
tory—is it for me to think of helping to extend
the foul curse of slavery over another toot of God's
fair earth? Wo; " here I stand; I can do n other-
wise; may God help me."* 1 boast no courage;
I fear I might turn out to be no better than a fearful
man; but I do trust that every drop of thin blood
in these old veins of mine, would be freely given
to stain the scaffold, or boil aud bubble at the
stake, before, by any act of my doing, the slavery
of my brother man should take another forwaid
step on free American soil.
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman knows that the
people of Virginia m her best days bitterly com-
plained of the arbitrary course of the parent Gov-
ernment, 111 fixing upon them this miserable insti-
tution against their will. Is he willing, in this
more enlightened nineteenth century—is lie will-
ing, as a legislator of this pattern Republic—to
inflict the same cruelty on a people just beginning
to be, and awaiting us destiny for ages at out-
harsh or merciful hands? Is he willing to bring
on himself and us, the curse of the coming gener-
ations of that people to the end of time?
[Mr. Palfrey was proceeding to enlarge on this
point, when the Chairman's hammer fell.]
* Luther.
