1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31$
80th Cong....2d Sess. Slave Trade and Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Mann.
Ho. of Reps.
almost as far from their birthplace as Africa is
from America. The Governor of Liberia has
lately made a voyage to England and France, and
entered into treaties of amity and commerce with
them; and he has obtained naval forces from tkem,
to abolish this traffic in human beings. At the
same time, we are affording guaranties to the same
traffic. Virginia and Maryland are to the slave
trade what the interior of Africa once was. -The
Potomac and the Chesapeake are the American
Niger and Bight of Benin; while this District is
the great Government barracoon, whence coffles
are clriven across the country to Alabama, or
Texas, as slave ships once bore their dreadful
cargoes of agony and woe across the Atlantic.
The very race, then, which was first stolen, brought
to this country, despoiled of all the rights which
God had given them, kept in bondage for genera-
tions, but at last, after ledeeming themselves, or
being restored to their natural liberty in some
other way, have crossed the ocean,-established a
government for themselves, and are now setting
us an example which should cause our cheeks to
blister with shame.
Sir, there is an idea often introduced here and
elsewhere, and made to bear against any restric-
tion of slavery, or any amelioration of the condi-
tion of the slave, which 1 wish to consider. It was
brought odiously and prominently forward the
other day, by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Charles Brown.] The idea is, that the slaves
are in a better condition in this country than they
would have been at home. It is affirmed that they
are brought under some degree of civilizing and
humanizing influences amongst us, which they
would not have felt in the land of their fathers.
Let us look, first, at the philosophy of this no-
tion, and then at its morality. All those who use
this argument as a defence or a mitigation of the
evils of slavery, or as a final cause for its existence,
assume that if the present three million slaves who
now darken our southern horizon, and fill the air
with their groans, had not been here in their pres-
ent state of bondage, they would have been in
Africa, in a state of paganism. Now, the slight-
est reflection shows that this assumption has no
basis of truth. Not one of them all would now
have been in existence, if their ancestors had not
been brought to this country. And, according to
the laws of population operative among barbarous
nations, there are now just as many inhabitants-
pagans, cannibals, or *hat you please—in Africa,
as there would have been if the spoiler had never
entered their home, and ravished and borne them
into bondage. Among savage nations, or nomadic
tribes, the population equals the means of subsist-
ence. Take away two, thrc.e, or four per cent, of
the consumers, and the vacuum is immediately
supplied. The population keeps up to the level
of the production. Among such people, there is
atways'a tendency "to increase faster than the means
of living increase. Take away a part of them, and
this tendency to increase takes effect by its own
vi^or—it executes itself. It is like a bow that
unbends, or a spring that uncoils, as soon as an
external pressure is removed. Dam up a fountain,
and the weight of the accumulating strata will
eventually check the outflow fiom the spring. So
it is of a savage population. Of them the Mal-
t-husian theory is true.
And how infinitely absurd and ridiculous is the
plea that the slaves are better off here than tiiey
would hare been in Africa ! Go out into the streets
of this city, and take the first one you meet—per-
haps he is a mulatto. But for being here, he would
have been a mulatto in the middle of Africa, would
he? Take them all—mulatto, mestizo, zambo,
and all " the vast variety of man," so far as color
is concerned—and if they Had not their existence
here, they would have had it in Africa! This is
the doctrine. Would they have had the same
Ameiican names also? Would they have spoken
the same language, and worn cotton grown on the
same fields ? ~ The last is just as certain as the first.
It is all more silly than the repinings of the silly
girls who grieved because their mother had not
married a certain rich suitor, whose addresses in
early life she had rejected;'for then, said they, how
rich tre should have been ! No, not one of these
three milhonsof men, women, and children, would
have been in existence in Africa. All the crime of
their kidnapping; all the horrors of the Middle
Passage; all their sufferings for two centuries, or
six generations; and all the calamities that are yet
to grow out of their condition,—all these crimes
and agonies are gratuitous crimes and agonies.
There is no recompense or palliation for them.
They have been added unnecessarily and remorse-
lessly to the amount of human guilt and suffering
for which the white race must answer in the day
of account. The idea, then, of sending; the slaves
back to their country is an egregious fallacy. If
they were to be sent back whence they came, it
would not he to Africa, but to non-entity.
If the ancestors of the present three millions of
slaves had never been brought here—if their de-
scendants had never been propagated here, for the
supposed value of their services, their places would
have been supplied by white laborers—by men of
the Caucasian race—byfreemen. instead of the
three million slaves, of all colors, we should
doubtless now have at least three million white,
free-born citizens, adding to the real prosperity of
the country, and to the power of the Republic. If
the South had not had slaves to do their work for
them,, they would have become ingenious and
inventive like the North, and would have enlisted
the vast forces of nature in their service—wind and
fire and water and steam and lightning, the mighty
energies of gravitation and the subtle forces of
chemistry. The country might not have had so
gaudy and ostentatious a civilization as at present,
but it would have had one infinitely more pure and
sound.
But admit the alleged statement, absurd and
false as it is; admit that these three millions of
slaves would have belonged to Africa if they had
not belonged to America—that they would have
been born of the same fathers and mothers there
as here, so that those of them who are American
mulattoes would have been Ethiopian mulattoes;
and admit, further, that their present condition is
better than the alternative condition alleged,—and
what then? Is your duty done ? Is it enough if
you have made the condition of a man or of a racc
a little better, or any better, if you have not made
it as much better as you can ? What standard of
morals do gentlemen propose to themselves? If a
fellow-being is suffering under a hundred diseases,
and we can relieve him from them all, what kind
of benevolence is that which boasts of relieving
him from one, and permits him to suffer under the
other ninety-and-mne? By the law of nature and
of God, the slave, like every other man, is entitled
to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness; he is
entitled to his earnings—to the enjoyment of his
social affections—to the development of his intel-
lectual and moral faculties—to that cultivation of
his religious nature which shall fit him, not merely
to feel, but to reason of righteousness, temperance,
and a judgment to come;—he is entitled to all these
rights, of which he has been cruelly despoiled:
and when he catches some feeble glimmering of
some of them, we withhold the rest, and defend
ourselves and pride ourselves that he is better off
than he would have been in some other country
or some other condition. Suppose the Samaritan
had bound up a single wound, or relieved a single
pang of the bleeding wayfarer who had fallen
among thieves, and then had gone to the next inn
and boasted of his benevolence. He would only
have shown the difference between a "good Sa-
maritan" and a "bigot Samaritan." The thieves
themselves might have done as much.
But there is another inquiry which the cham-
pions of slavery have got to answer before the
world and before Heaven. If American slaves are
better off than native Africans, who is to be thanked
for it ? Has their improved condition resulted from
any purposed plan, any well-digested, systema-
tized measure,carefully thought out, and reasoned
out,and intended for their benefit? Not at all. In
all the southern statute books, and legislative rec-
ords there is no trace of any such scheme. Laws,
judicial decisions, the writings of political econo-
mise—all treat the slave as a thing to make money
with. Agricultural societies give rewards for the
best crops. Horse-jockey societies improve the
fieetness of the breed for the sports of the tiuf.
Even the dogs have professional traincis. But
not one thing is done to bring out the qualities
of manhood that lie buried in a slave. Look
through the southern statute books and see what
Draconian penalties are inflicted for teaching a
slave to read—see how he is lashed for attending'
a meeting to hear the wore! of God. On every high-
road patrols lie in wait to scourge him back, if he
attempts to visit father, mother, wife, child, or
friend, on a neighboring plantation. By day and
by night, at all times and everywhere, he h the
victim of an energetic and comprehensive system
of measures, which blot out his senses, paralyze
his mind, degrade and brutify his nature, and sup-
press the instinctive workings of truth, generosity,
and manhood in his breast. All the good that
reaches him, reaches him in defiance of these priva-
tions and disabilities, if any light penetrates to his
soul, it is because human art cannot weave a cloud
dense and dark enough to be wholly impervious to
it. There are some blessings which the goodness of
God will bestow in spite of human efforts to inter-
cept them. It is these only which reach the slave.
And after having built up all barriers to forbid the
access of improvement; after having sealed hisi
senses by ignorance, and more than half obliterated
his faculties by neglect and perversion, the oppress-
or turns round, and because there are some scanty,
incidental benefits growing out of the very deplo-
rableness of his condition, he justifies himself be-
fore the world and claims the approval of Heaven,
because the slave is better off here than he would
be in Africa. Sir, such an argument as this is an
offence to Heaven. I consider it to be as much
worse than atheism as Christianity is better. And
when such an argument comes from a gentleman
belonging to a free State; when it comes from
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Brown,]
from a representative of the city of William Penn;
when he, without motive, without inducement,
offers such a gratuity to the devil, I can account
for it only on the principle of the man who, having
a keen relish for the flesh of swine, said he wished
he were a Jew that he might have the pleasure of
eating pork and committing a sin at the same time.
But the subject presents a still more painful
aspect. How are slaves made better, and from
what motives are they mode better, in this country ?
It is no secret that I am about to tell. There are
certain virtues and sanctities which increase the
pecuniary value of certain slaves; and there are
certain vices and debasements which increase the
market price of others. If a master wishes to re-
pose personal confidence in his slave, he desires to
have him honest and faithful to truth. But if he
desires to make use of him to deceive and cajole
and defraud, then he wishes to make him cunning
and tricky and false. If the master trains the slave
to take care of his own children, or of his favorite
animals, then he wishes to have him kind; but if
he trains him for a tasker or a field overseer, then he
wishes to have him severe. Now, it is in this way
that some of the Christian attributes of character,
being directly convertible into money or money's
worth, enhance the value of a slave. Hence it is
said in advertisements that a slave is pious, and, at
the auction-block, the hardened and heartless seller
dwells upon the Christian graces and religious
character of some slaves, with the unction of an .
Apostle. The purchaser sympathizes, and only
desires to know whether the article be a real or a
sham Christian. If mere bones and muscles com-
pacted into human shape be worth five hundred
dollars, then, if the auctioneer can warrant the
subject to have the meekness of Moses and the
patience of Job, the same article may be worth
seven hundred. If the slave will forgive injuries,
not merely seventy times seven times, but injuries
inflicted ail his life long, then ail additional hun-
dred may be bid for hnn. If he possesses ail the
attributes of religion and piety, the endurance of
a hero, the constancy of a saint, the firmness of a
martyr, the trustmgness of a disciple—all except,
those which go to make him feel like a man, and
believe himself a man,—then that which as mere
bone and muscle was worth but five hundred dol-
la s, is now worth a thousand. Sir, is not this
selJinsj the Holy Spirit! Is not this making mer-
chandise of the Savior! Is not this the case of
Judas selling his Master over again, with the im-
p itant exception of the remorse that made the
or ginal culprit go and hang himself? But suppose
the case to be that of a woman; suppose her ability
to woik and capacity for production to be worth five
hundred dollars; suppose, in addition to this,she is
young and sprightly and voluptuous; suppose the
repeated infusion of Saxon blood has almost washed
