1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
321
30th Cong 2d Sess. Slave Trade'and Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr, Mann. New Series No. 21.
aspires to be a Christian or a gentleman can set
up for his guidance. Now take the case of a man
from the North, who has incorporated these views
or any similitude of these views, intoJiis character,
and who has occasion to visit this District. Sup-
pose him to be fleeted and sent here as a member
of Congress, or to be appointed to a post in some
of the departments, or to visit this city on public
. business, or to come here from motives of curi-
osity; what is the sight which is inflicted upon
him when he,first sets his foot within this com*
mon property of the nation—when he first enters
this household, where the head of the nation re-
sides and directs? Sir, when he first alights from
the cars that bring him within your limits and your
jurisdiction, he "beholds a degraded caste—a race
of men whom God endowed with the, faculties of
-intelligence, but whom man has despoiled of the
power of improving those faculties, squalid in their
garb, betraying ignorance in every word they utter,
uncultivated in their manners and their tastes,
fawning for a favor, instead of standing erect like
men who are conscious of rights; or, if they have
outgrown servile and sycophantic habits, then
erring on the side of impudence and insolence as
much as they erred before on that of cringing and
servility. He repairs to his lodgings, and there,
too, all his moral sensibilities are shocked and
outraged, by seeing a class of men and women
hopelessly degraded, cut off bylaw and custom
from all opportunity of emerging from their de-
basement; whom no talent, or taste, or virtue can
ever redeem to the pleasures and the rights of
social intercourse. He sees men and women who
are not degraded on account of the services they
perform—forhonor and shame from no condition
rise"—but degraded by the motive and spirit from
which the services are performed; men and women
■who have no inducements to industry and frugality,
for their earnings will all be seized by another;
who have no incentives to self-respect, for they can
never emerge from their menial condition; who
are bereaved of all the wonders and glories of
knowledge, lest under its expansions their natures
should burst the thraldom that enslaves them; and
all whose manly qualities, all whose higher facul-
ties, therefore, are irredeemably and hopelessly
crushed, extinguished, obliterated, so that nothing
but the animal, which the master can use for his
selfish purposes, remains.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Would you advance the
slaves to an equal social and political condition
with the white race?
Mr. MANN. I would give to every human
being the best opportunity 1 could to develop and
cultivate the faculties which God has bestowed
upon him, and which, therefore, he holds under a
divine charter. I would take from his neck the
heel that has trodden him down; I would dispel
from his mind the cloud that has shrouded him in
moral night; I would remove the obstructions that
have forbidden his soul to aspire; and having done
this, I would leave him, as t would leave every other
man, to find his level—to occupy the position to
which he should be entitled by his intelligence and
his virtues, I entertain"no fears on the much-
dreaded subject of amalgamation. Legal amalga-
mation between the races will never take place,
unless, in the changed condition of society, reasons
shall exist to warrant and sanction it; and in that
case it will carry its owrujustiiication with it. But
one thing I could never understand—why those
who are so horror-stricken at the idea of theoretic
amalgamation, should exhibit to the world, in all
their cities, on all their plantations, and in all their
households, such numberless proofs of practical
amalgamation. I never could see why those who
arraign and condemn us at the North, so vehement-
ly, because, as they say, we obtrude our prying eyes
into what they call a fi domestic" or "fireside '
institution, should have no hesitation in exhibiting
to the world, through all their borders, ten thou-
sand and ten times ten thousand living witnesses
that they make it a bedside institution. Multitudes
of the sla\es of the South bear about upon their per-
sons a bnmd as indelible as that of Cam; but the
mark has been fastened upon them, not for their own
crimes, but for the crimes of their fatheis. In the
complexion of the slave, we read the horrid history
of ihcguikof the enslavers. They demonstrate that
the one race has been to the other, not the object of
benevolence, but the victim of licentiousness.
21
But to resume; When the visiter to this city
from the North leaves his lodgings, and goes into
the public streets, half the people whom he meets
there are of the same degraded class. Their tat-
tered dress and unseemly manners denote congenital
debasement. Their language proclaims their igno-
rance. If you have occasion to. send them on an
errand, they cannot read the direction of a note, or
a sign on a shop-board. Their ideas are limited
within the narrowest range. They speak the
natural language of servility, and they wear the
livery of an inferior condition. The conviction of
their deplorable state is perpetually forced upon
the mind. You do not need their color to remind
you of their degradation. Color, sir! They are
oftentimes almostas white as ourselves. Sir, there
is not u member of Congress who has not frequently
seen some of his fellow-members, in the spring of the
year, with a jaundiced skin more sallow and more
yellow than that of many a slave who is bought and
sold and owned in this city. I have seen members
of this House to whom I have been disposed to give
a friendly caution to keep their ''free papers" about
theirpersons,lestsuddenly,on the^presumptionfrom
color, they sheuld be seized and sold for runaway
slaves. A yellow complexion here is so common
a badge of slavery, that one whose skin is colored
by disease is by no means out of danger. To enjoy
security, a man must do more than take care of
his life; he must take care of his health. It 13 not
enough to take heed to the meditations of his heart;
he must see also to the secretions of his liver.
But, sir, the stranger from the North visits the
courts of justice in ;this city; he goes into halls set
apart and consecrated, even in the dark and half-
heathenish periods of English history, to the inves-
tigation of truth and the administration of justice;
but if he sees any specimens of the colored racc
there, he sees tliem only as menials. They cannot
go there as witnesses. However atrocious the
wrongs they may suffer in their own person and
character, or in the person and character of wife
or children, they cannot appeal to the courts to
avenge or redress them. If introduced there at
all, it is as a bale of goods is introduced, or as an
ox or a horse is brought within then'purlieus, for
the purpose of trying some disputed-question of
identity or ownership. They go not as suitors,
but as sacrifices. In the courts of law; in the
temples with which all our ideas of justice, of right
between man and man, are associated; where truth
goes to be vindicated, where innocence flies to be
avenged;—in these courts, an entire portion of the
i human race are known, not as men, but as chat-
I tels, as'cattle. Where, for them, is the Magnar
| Charta, that the old barons wrested from King
i John? Is a whole race to be forever doomed to
| this outlawry? Are they forever to wear a " wolf's
head," which every white man may cut off when
■ he pleases? Sir, it cannot be that this state of
| things will last forever. If all the rights of the
, black race are thus withheld from them, it is just
| as certain as the progress of time that they, too,
i will have their Runnymede, their Declaration of
! Independence, their Bunker Hill, and their York-
town.
Such, sir, are the sights that molest us when we
come here from the North—that molest us in the
! hotels, that molest us in the streets,.that *molest
! us in the courts, that molest us everywhere. But
I the week passes away, and the Sabbath comes—
1 the day of rest from worldly toils, the day set
: apart for social woiship,when men come together,
j arid by their mutual presence and assistance, lift
' up the hearts of each other in gratitude to God.
1 But where now are the colored population, that
i seemed to be so numerous everywhere else? Have
they no God' Have they no interest m a Savior s
example and precepts? Have they no need of con-
1 solation, of faith in the Unseen, to help them bear
■ up under the burdens and anxieties of life? Is
' their futurity so uncertain or so worthless that
■ they need 110 guide to a better country, or that
j they can be turned off with a guide as ignorant
i and'blind as themselves?
I We go f.om the courts and the churches to tne
1 schools. But no child in whose skin there is a
! shadow of a shade of African complexion is to be
! found there. The channels are so cut that all the
| sacred and healing waters of knowledge flow, not
I to him, but by him. Sir, of all the remorse.ess
| and wanton cruelties ever committed m this worm
of wickedness and woe, I hold that to be the most
remorseless and wanton which shuts out from all
the means of instruction a being whom God has
endued with the capacities of knowledge and in-
spired with the divine desire lo know. Strike blos-
som and beauty from the vernal season of the
year, and leave it sombre and cheerless; annihilate
the harmonies with which the birds of spring make_
vocal the field and the forest, and let exulting
Nature become silent and desolate; dry up even
those fountains of joy and gladsomeness that flow
unbidden from the heart of childhood, and let the,
radiant countenance of youth become dull and
stony like that of age;—do all this, if you will, but
withhold your profane hand from those creative
sources of knowledge which shall give ever-renew-
ing and ever-increasing delight through all the
cycles of immortality, and which- have the power
to assimilate the finite creature more and more
nearly to the infinite Creator. Sir, he who denies
to children the acquisition of knowledge works
devilish miracles. If a man destroys my power of
hearing, it is precisely the same to me as though,
leaving my faculty of hearing untouched, he had
annihilated all the melodies and harmonies of the
universe-. Ifa man obliterates mypowerof vision,it
is precisely the same to me as though ho had blotted
out the light of the sun,and flung a pall of darkness
over all the beauties of the earth and the glories of
the firmament. So if a usurper of human rights
takes away from a child the faculties for knowl-
edge, or the means and opportunities to know, it is -
precisely the same to that child as though all the
beauties and the wonders, all the magnificence and
the glory of the universe itself had been destroyed.
To one who is permitted to know nothing of the
charms and sublimities of science, all science is
non-existent. To one who is permitted to know
nothing of the historical past, all the past genera-
tions of men are a non-entity. To one whose mind
is not made capacious of the future, and opened
to receive it, all the great interests of futurity have
less of reality than a dream. I say, therefore, in
strict, literal, philosophical truth, that whoever
denies knowledge to children works devilish mira-
cles. Just so far as he disables and incapacitates
them from knowing, he annihilates the objects of
knowledge; he obliterates history; he destroys
the countless materials in the natural world that
might, through the medium of the useful art?, be
converted into human comforts and blessings; he
suspends the sublime order and progression of
Nature, and blots out those wonderful relations of
cause and eflfect that belong to her unchangeable
laws. Nay, there is a sense in which such an hit-
pious destroyer of knowledge may be said lo anni-
hilate the Creator himself, for he does annihilate
the capacity of forming a conception of that Cre-
ator, and thus prevents a soul that was created in
the image of God from ever receiving the image it
was created to reflect. Such a destroyer of knowl-
edge dims the highest moral splendor of the uni-
verse. God is more to me than a grand and solitary
Being, though refulgent with infinite perfections.
Contemplated as enthroned in the midst of His
works, His spiritual offspring in all the worlds he
has formed become a multiplying glass, reflect-
ing back the Original in all the profusion and
eountlessness of infinity. But when the wicked-
ness of man cuts off entire generations and whole
races from the capacity of reflecting back this radi-
ant image of the Creator, then all that part of the
universe where they dwell becomes black and re-
volting, and all that portion of the Mirror of Souls
which was designed to reproduce and rekinole the
glories of the Eternal, absorbs and quenches the
rays which it should have caught and flamed with
anew, and multiplied and returned. Atfd still fur-
ther, sir, I affirm, in words as true and literal as
any that belong to geometry, that the man who
withholds knowledge from a child not only works
diabolical miracles for the destruction of good, but
for the creation of evil also. fJe who shuts out
truth, by the same act opens the door to all the
error that supplies its place. Ignorance breeds
monsters to lill up all the vacuities of the soul that
are unoccupied by the verities of knowledge. He
who dethrones the idea ot Law, bids Cnaos wel-
come in its stead. Superstition is the mathematical
complement of religious truth; and just so much less
as the life of a human being is reclaimed to g™>d,
just so much more is it delivered over to evil- a he
