S22
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 23,
3J)th Cons 2d Sess. Slave Trade and Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Maim.
Ho. of K
EPS.
man or the institution, therefore, that withholds
knowledge from a child,or from araceof children,
exercises the awful power of changing the world in
Which they are 10 live, just as much as though he
should aiwihiJate'all that is most lovely and grand
in this planet of ours, or transport the victim of his
, cruelty to some dark and frigid zone of the uni-
verse, where the sweets of knowledge are unknown,
and the terrors of ignorance hold their undisputed
and remorseless reian. Sir, the laws recorded in
the statute books of tfre free States, providing the
means of education, and wooing the children to
receive the blessedness of true knowledge, are
"Worthy to be inscribed as'emblems and hiero-
glyphics upon the golden gates of Heaven; but
those laws which deform the statute books of the
slave States of this Union, making it a penal of-
fence to edacate human beings, and dooming im-
mortal souls to perpetual ignorance, would make
the most appropriate adornment wherewith to em-
bellish with inscription and bas-relief the pillars of
the council-hall of Pandemonium.
Sir, if there is anything for which I would go
back to childhood, and live this weary life over
again, it is for the burning, exalting, transporting
thrill and ecstasy with which the young faculties
hold their earliest communion with knowledge.
"When the panting and thirsting soul first drinks
the delicious waters of truth; when the moral and
intellectual tastes and desires first seize the fragrant
fruits that flourish in the garden of knowledge;
then does the child catch a glimpse and foretaste
of Heaven. He regales himself upon the nectar
and ambrosia of the gods. Late in life, this zest
is rarely if ever felt so keenly as at the beginning.
Such ought not to-be the fact, and needs not'to be
the fact; but our bodies are so systematically abused
by transgressions of the laws of health and life,
that the sympathizing soul loses the keenness of
its early relish. Even then, however, age has its
compensations. The old may experience the de-
lights of learning, anew, in the reflex pleasure of
seeing children learn. But these lofty and endu-
ring satisfactions—this pleasure, it is no extrava-
gance to say, this bliss of knowledge, both for
parent and child, ia withheld, cuteiiy, remorse-
lessly withheld, from the slave. "We know all
this; we see its imbruting consequences; and we
are compelled to see them, because the Govern-
ment will uphold slavery here.
Such, sir, is the spectacle which is presented to
all northern men, whenever for duty, for business,
or for pleasure, they visit this metropolis. Wherc-
ever we go, wherever we are, the odious, abhorred
concomitants of this institution are forced upon
our observation, and become a perpetual bitterness
in the cup of life. The whole system, with all its
adjuncts, is irreconcilably repugnant to our ideas
of justice. "VVe believe it to be a denial of the
rights of man; we believe it to be contrary to the
law of God. Whether these feelings wear away
by the lapse of time, and the indurating power of
custom, 1 know not; but, for one, I hope never to
become hardened and callous to the sieht; for it is
. a case where I could experience no mitigation of
my pains, without a corresponding debasement of
my nature.
Now, in all sincerity, and in all kindness, I ask
our southern brethren, what there is to them so
valuable and desirable in retaining slavery here,
as to be a compensation for all tlie pain and evil
which its existence inflicts upon the North? Surely
its abandonment here would be a small thin"- to
them, while its continuance is a great thing to=us.
It is a great thing to us, because we are held re-
sponsible for it by the whole civilized world. This
District is the common possession of the nation;
Congress has power of exclusive legislation over
it; Congress, therefore, is responsible for its msti-
tutions, as a man is responsible for the condition '
of hid house, and the customs of his family. The -
General Government is not responsible for the local >
institutions of Massachusetts or of Mississippi;
each of them has supreme control over its own' ■
domestic concerns. They may honorably dis-
charge their debts, or repudiate them; they may '
build up institutions of cnarity, of learning, and
of religion; or they may sorter inhumanity and
violence, ignorance and paganism, to prevail; and !
we, here, cannot help it, and are therefore not re- i
sponsible for n. But a is wholly otherwise with '
regard to the institutions that prevail in this Dis- f
trict; their honor, or their infamy, attaches to us.
We are judged hy them, the world round. We
of the northern States feel it at home; we are made
to feel it still more deeply abroad. Throughout
every nation in Europe, it is the common language
and the common sentiment, tha-t an institution
which exists in one half of the States of this (Jnion
is in flagrant contrast and contradiction to the
theory of our Government. When we are re-
minded of this—whether in alundlyand exposiula-
tory manner by our friends, or in an offensive and
taunting one by our enemies, we of the North can
say, at least, that we are not responsible for it.
We can explain why we are no more amenable for
the local laws of Arkansas or Missouri, than we
are for the Catholic religion in Mexico, or for
the revolutions in the South American republics.
This is our answer. But they still retort, upon u-?,
and say, There is one spot for which you are re-
sponsible—the District of Columbia. You could
abolish slavery there if you would; you do not;
and therefore the sin of its continuance is yours,
as much so as if it existed in New York or Mas-
sachusetts. Now, I ask southern gentlemen how
it is consistent with magnanimity and honor, with
a fraternal feeling towards the North, for thetri to
force the odium of this inconsistency upon us?
Surely they gain'no credit, no character by it; we
lose-both credit and character. The existence of
slavery here is no benefit to them; it is of unspeak-
able injury to us. They would lose nothing by
surrendering it; we suffer everything by its con-
tinuance. A change would work them no injury;
it would be invaluable to us. I ask them, on prin-
ciples of common fairness and good neighborhood,
that they should courteously and voluntarily yield
us this point, which would allay so much bitter-
ne?s and heartburning at the North, and which,
according to their view of the matter, would fill the
South with the sweet savor of a generous deed.
1 know, sir, that some southern gentlemen pro-
fess to see a principle in such a coursc that de-
bars them from adopting it. They say that if
slavery in this District should be surrendered, it
would only be, giving the adversary a vantage-
ground, on which he could plant himself to attack
slavery in'the States. I dissent from this view
entirely. Has not the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Giddings,] who is supposed to represent the ex-
treme anti-slavery views which exist in this House
—has not he declared here, a hundred times over,
that he disclaims all right, that he renounces all
legal authority and pretext, under the Constitu-
tion, to lay the hands of this Government, for the
purpose of freeing him, on a single slave in the
slave States? But clearly the principle is different
in regaid to slaves in this District, where we pos-
[> sess the power of "exclusive legislation." But if
■j gentlemen at the South see a principle which de-
I bars them from surrendering slavery in this Dis-
1 trict, we at the North see a principle which
i prompts us and win prompt us, until the work is
accomplished, to renewed exertions. On the same
: ground on which slavery in this District has been
. defended for the last fifty yeaFS, it can be defended
, for the nc-xt fifty, or the next five hundred years;
|. it can be defended forever. This idea of perpetual
| slavery in the very household of a renubhe of fjee-
* men, is noMo be tolerated, and cannot be tolerated.
But I will not dwell on this topic farther. 1 close
this branch of my argument with a proposition
which seems to me but fair and equitable. The
South has held this metropolis as a slave capital |
:j for fifty years. -Let it now be keid as a free cap- j
j. ital for fifty years; and if, at the end of this period, !
I. adequate reasons can beshown, before any nation, ■
I' civilized or uncivilized, npon the face of the earth, !
i for restoring it to slaveiy n^ain, I, for one, should ,
; have no rears of entering into an engagement, upon '
' such a condition, that it should again become "a ;
! land of Egypt and a house of bondage," *
Notwithstanding I have d\velt so long upon the
social and moral aspects of this subject, I am still '
I tempted not to foiego that which was my principal
object in rising, namely, to submit an argument
on the question of the legality or constitutionality
of shivery in this District. I have bestowed much
caicful attention upon this subject, with the sin-
ceiest desire of arriving at truej le^al, and consti-
tutional results. [ submit my views with defer-
ence, because I know they are in conflict with the •
views of others for whose knowledge and abilities
1 have the profound^ lewpeet.
:i The legality of slavery m the District of Colum-
'' bia h«* been-assumed, and practically acquiesced
; in, for fifty years. Had the question of us validity
; been raised, and argued on the principles of the
Constitution, immediattly after the creation of the
j; District, I believe this territory would have been
jj declared free soil. In my conscientious opinion,
slavery exists in this District only by original
It-usurpation and subsequent acquiescence. If so,
I; Congress cannot be too speedily invoked to abdi-
p cate the power it has usurped.
; The first position 1 take ts this, that slavery hits
| no kgal existence, v.nltss by fvrtt of positive tuw.
|! If any man claims authority over the body,
j: mind, and-soul of one of his fellow-men, and
i claims this authority not only for the whole life of
!■ his victim, but a like authority over all his de-
scendants, there is no part of the civilized world
: where he will not be required to show some pns-
; itive law, authorizing the power and the bondage.
! If the claimant says, "i am stronger, or I am
|, wiser than he;" or " I have an Anglo-Saxon brain,
[( while he hasonly an African brain;" or " my skin
!j is white and his skin is not white;"or '*1 descended
1' from Shem and he from Ham; and, therefore, he
|: is my slave/'—there is not a court in Christen-
dom, which, though it may admit the fact, will
ratify the inference. If the claimant affirms that it
is morally right for him to seize his fellow-man and
reduce him to slavery; jf he brings the Bible into
- court as his law-book, and cites Abraham and
: Isaac and Jacob and Paul, as his authorities; still,
I say, there is not a court in Christendom that
will not deny the validity of the title, and rebuke
the arrogance of the demand.* Positive law, then,
1 is the only foundation okslavery. The authorities
i are numerous, if not numberless, to establish this
i position. I shall not encumber this argument by
; citing many of them. The few which 1 shall cite
t will contain a reference to the rest.
i The grand reason asainsi slavery given by Lord
| Mansfield, in Somersett's case, was, " that it is so
l ' intrinsically wrong that it is incapable of being
■ i introduced into any country, on any reasons
* moral or political, and can only stand on positive
' law." (20 State Trials, 1.)
Chief Justice Marshall says, "that it [slavery]
* is contrary to the law of nature, will scarcely be
i denied. That every man has a natural right to
4 the fruits of his own labor, is generally admitted;
* and that no other person can rightfully deprive
4 him of those fruits and appropriate them against
j 1 his will, seems to be the necessary result of this
* admission." (Antelope,10 Wheat., 120.)
I " The fir-'t objection,"' ?ajs Mr. Ju.-ticft Be-t, in the case
■ of F'irbej- and Cochran*"-, which occurs to me, m tin? ca-er
is that U does not appear, in the special c.u-e, that the right
■ to slaves exist* in F.a-t Florida, 'ihat rut u zeiia.jl9
j hut a local ri«hti it ou;:ht, thPiefore, to havn Linen j-hmvn
! that it exi-'ted in Florida, and that lit'* defei.da'.ts knew of
; its existence. A>?urmri«r, however. tn«U tho-e fa< w ap-
pear, still, under the circumstances ot litis ca. e, tins action
i could not in* mojo'-ahied.'
j " The question is, were these persons ?iav; < at the lime
j when Sir G Coe&burn refund to <io the ;vt which he was
' de.-ired to do? f >im <!i odertlv of opinion that tiie\ ueie no
! longer slaves. The moment ih >\ put linor u-et on hoard of
| a britnk man-of-war, not Jjinewiihn* the v\uje/s of Ta-t
j Florida, (where undoubtedly j]|f <>i that country ould
> prevail,) those pet sons who had before h^en -d:tv<\ were
free. r * * H},iver\ i-; a local law. and th ;fc-
fore, if a man wishes to pre < rv<: )>h I.'t'hnn attueh
. them to lii'ii hy «uh-etion. oj* make f.t-f the h.ir-- or then*
i' prison, or nvet wfli t!if tr rh,un*; J.,i the (lun -j'-'l lc-
| y,nd the limits vhere il.irent it rcrt<_ni*r t >■" f/>e / m-l lea-,
> they hate InoJ.cn i.'ieir chai/i\\ they h re J.om Uuir
j puion. anil arts j/cc."' {2 l.atn (>'-..-^,3-7, Forh.-  is.
'■; Cochiane, S. f* .howl, and ?1> 'and, 679 }
■ I <{ f f-m of opini'm." IToiroj d, J . m iho ea«e,
'-that aceordma to rhe piinopi^ of the En_-i-U law, lite
! riffhi to -laves, ibki emmtr\ win re -nch lights are ree-
0£niz>''d hy law. must he a nnd'T* .1 a-foundf d, t < t uposi iho
Jaw of nature, hut upon the particular law of Hiat country.*'
The Ian' of >faver\ i-- a } iw in . m 'J,<m ; n.vl vhsnaparty
Mn aiirciioti .\s t'lch f iia\ro>i the hf"-t anthoritv, 5- not in-
appropii.it*'. A few y> ar- a-o. ai itiz'-noi the rotate of Con-
neetieut uh-cojjdpd. h-avn-^a vviii; hi-hiod him. lie went to
the State of Mu^t-sippi, when- nc fx.k a eohned woman as
In* com uh'iie, I,ad children by h'-r, acquired prop**ri> , and
died. The n 10* -md heif-v m Connecticut claimed the propr r-
ty acquired in Mi->i^ipp}, Tin cia.m \va> contest* d. Th^
honoiubie Hcnky Foo'ir, iicvva .Senator iitun that State,
condor-nd Jh«j !•: ee. He denied the title of ihewifcm
Coru.eeiionr, liurnied th.it of jii- concniuee and her 'htl-
dren in .Vfisxi^ippj. nnd eited ihe ca«e of Ahrah uu. and Sa-
ra! i and Hajj.tr, i<> prove Hi" h guilty and lit** propin fv oi the
concubinuKe, and the Divine authoiitv tor U. And suiely,
it the Bd/Je aigurnent in favor of fl^vvrj is s-ound, Mr.
Foote's argument m favor of concubinage is equally go.
