1849.1
APPENDIX tO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
325
30th Cong .2d Sess. Slave Trade and Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Mann.
Ho. of Reps.
Will any man say that Congress can pass an ex
post facto law for this District, and defend itself by
referring to its power of exclusive legislation over
it? Can Congress pass a bill of attainder corrupt-
ing the blood of an inhabitant of this District, or
repeal or suspend at any time, his right to a writ
of habeas corpus, or establish a religion here, or
interdict the free exercise thereof? No jurist, no
statesman will pretend it.
But there is another prohibition in the Constitu-
tion every whit as full and explicit as any of these.
The fifth article of amendment declares that " no
person shall be" " deprived of life, liberty or prop-
erty, without due process of law."
Here the Constitution uses the word "person"—
the most comprehensive word it could find. " No
PERSON shall be deprived of life, liberty, or prop-
erty, without due process of law." Now, what does
this word " persoft "mean? Or who, under the Con-
stitution, is such a " person1' as cannot be deprived
of life, liberty, or property, by virtue of an act of
Congress, without due process of law ? Let us take
our definition of the word "person" from the Con-
stitution itself: " No person shall be a Representa-
tive, who shall not have attained the age of twenty-
five years," &c., (see 2d clause of the 2J section of
the 1st article.) " Representatives and direct taxas
shall be apportioned among the several States
which may be included within this Union,accord-
ing to their respective numbers, which shall be
determined by adding to the whole number of free
persons, including those bound to service for a term
of years and excluding Indians not taxed, three !
fifths of all other persons." (3d clause of the same [
section.) " No person shall be a Senator who shall j
not have attained the age of thirty years," &c., i
(1st art., 3d section, 3d clause.) " No person shall j
be convicted [of an impeachable offence, by the j
Senate,] without the concurrence of two thirds," ■
(1st art., 3d section, 6th clause.) "No person
holding any office under the United States, shall :
be a member of either House, during his continu-
ance in office," (1st art., 6th section, 2d clause.) ;
" The migration or importation of such persons as j
any of the States now existing shall think proper j
to admit, shall not be prohibited".—" but a tax, or
duty, may be imposed on such importation, not
exceeding ten dollars for each person," &c., (1st
art., 9th section, 1st clause.) " No person holding
any office of profit or trust," "shall accept any
present," &c., (1st art,, 9th section, 8th clause.)
" No person holding an office of trust or profit un-
der the United States, shall be appointed an elect- j
or," (art. 2, section 1, clause 2.) " The electors ]
shall meet in their respective States and vote by :
ballot for two persons &c. " The person having j
the greatest number of votes shall be the President," ;
&o. " If no pet son have a majority," &c. " In ,
every case, after the choice of the President, the
person having the greatest number of votes of the ]
electors, shall be Vice President," (art. 2, section ,
1, clause 2.*) " No parson except a natural-born !
citizen," &c., "shall be eligible to the office of!
President; neither shall any person be eligible to ||
that office, who shall not have attained the age of ]
thirty-five years," &c. "No po-son'shall be con- j
victed of treason, unless on the testimony of two !'
witnesses," &c., (art. 3, section 3, clause 3.)^ " A j
person charged in any State with treason, &c.,
(an. 4, section 2. clause 2.) " No person held to i
service or labor," &c., (art. 4,section 2, clause 3.)
Now, it will be seen from ail this, that the word '
"person" is used in the Constitution in the most
comprehensive sense. It cmbraccs Indians, if
taxed; it embraces natives of Africa; it embraces
apprentices and slaves, or those held to service or ,
labor; and it embraces every citizen from the hum- ]
blest to the highest, from the most true to the most ,
treasonable. It embraces all, from the slate to the i
President of the United States. And after having ]
used the wold to embrace all these classes and de- ,
scriptionsof men, it proceeds to say, in an amend- ;
ment, that "no PERSON shall be deprived of life, I
liberty, vr property, without due process of law." ,
(Amendment, article 5.) _ ■
The law of Maryland ceded this District to Con- j
gress, " in full and absolute right, as wejl of soil j
as of «erso)i, residing or to reside therein. i
Now Congress, in attempting to legalize slavery
* This, clause in the Constitution is annulled; tint for all :
purpose* of determining the tiue interpretation of wonts, it
is as good as ever. '
in the District of Columbia, has provided in terms,
by its adoption of the Maryland laws, that one
man may hold another man in bondage in this
District, " without due process of law,"and in-
deed without any process of law; may hold him in
bondage from his birth; may beget him, and still
hold him and his posterity in bondage. "Process
of law" mefns legal proceedings. It is a phrase
that does not pertain to the legislature, but to the
courts. It means the institution of a suit in civil
matters; the finding of an indictment, or an inform-
ation in criminal ones; the issuing of subposnas
for witnesses,&c., in both. (See Art. Cof Amend-
ments to the Constitution.)
Now, a slave is a person deprived of his liberty
and property, without any process of law. There
has been no "due" process of law to reduce him
to this miserable condition; there has been no pro-
cess of law at all. A slave, therefore, in this Dis-
trict, is deprived of his liberty and property, in
pursuance of the laws of Congress, without any
legal process whatever, and therefore in flagrant
contradiction of the fifth article of the Amendments
to the Constitution of the United States. Hence,
the act of Congress, purporting to continue the
Maryland laws respecting slavery in this District,
was)#and is, and forever must be, until the Consti-
tution is altered, null and void.
There is a striking historical fact in regard to
the phraseology of this fifth article of amendment.
Its substance was proposed by several States. Vir-
ginia proposed it in the following words: "No
'freemanought to be taken, imprisoned, or disseized
' of his freehold liberties, privileges, or franchises,
' or outlawed orexiled.or in any manner destroyed
' or deprived of his life, liberty, or property, but
' by the law of the land." (See 3 Elliott's Debates,
593—Proceedings of June 27, 1788. Also, 4 El-
liott's Debates, 216, for the same amendment, as
proposed by the State of New York.)
The Virginia amendment used the word " free-
man." It proposed that no " freeman" should
be deprived, &c. The New York amendment
used the word "person." And the amendment
was adopted and ratified, almost in the words of
the New York phraseology. The word person was
chosen, and therefore Congress has no constitu-
tional power to deprive of life, liberty, or property,
without due process'of law, any being embraced in
the definition of that word. By its own selection
of words, it is debarred not merely from depriving
a " freeman," but from depriving a " person." .
YYhen Congress attempted to legalize and per-
petuate slavery in this District, it violated the fourth
article of the Amendments, which declares " the
right of the people to be secure in their persons,
houses, papers and effects,against unreasonable
searches and seizures." If Congress cannot au-
thorize domiciliary searches and seizures against a
single individual,"can it degrade a whole race of
men to the condition of slaves, and then say that
because they are slaves, they shall not be " secure;"
but shall be at the mercy of any alleged master,
in regard to their persons'—to be commanded and
restrained, to be bought and sold> If Congress can-
not authorize searches and seizures of houses,
papers and effects, can it get around the Constitu-
tion, by saying we will create a class of persons
v.ho shall have no power of owning any houses,
papers, or effects, to be searched or seized ?
A"ai*n: Congressshall pass "no bill of attainder."
What is a bill of attainder ? It is a bill that works
corruption of blood. It disfranchises its object.
It takes away from him the common privileges of
a citizen. It makes a man incapable of acquiring,
inheriting, or transmitting property; incapable of
holding office, or acting as attorney for others;
and iMshuts the door of the courts ogainst him.
These disabling consequences may descend to a
man's children after him, though this is not neces-
sary Now, to pass such a bill is a thing winch
Congress cannot do. But when Congress under-
took to legalize slavery in this District, it undei- ■
took to do all this, and woise than aH this. It
attainted, not individuals merely, but a wnole race. t
A slave is an outlaw; that is, he cannot nuke a con- .
tract; he cannot prosecute and defend in couit;
property cannot be acquired by him, or devised to
him, or transmitted through him. A white man
may give his testimony against him, but ne cannot
give his testimony against a white man. He is de-
spoiled of his liberum legem—his birth-right. He
cannotown the food or clothes he has earned. What
is his, is his master's. And this corruption of
blood, which the law of slavery works, does not
stop with the first, nor with the second generation—
not with the tenth nor the ten thousandth; but by
the theory of the law, goes on forever. Bills of
attainder, during the history of the worst periods
of the world, have applied to individuals only, or
at most to a family. But here, Congress, in de-
fiance of the Constitution, has undertaken to estab-
lish a degraded caste in society, and to perpetuate
it through all generations. Now, can any reason-
able man for a moment suppose that the Constitu-
tion meant to debar Congress from passing acts of
attainder against individuals, btit to permit it to
pass wholesale, sweeping laws, working disfran-
chisement of an entire race, and entailing degrada-
tion forever ?
Let us look at another'general prohibition of
the Constitution: "No title of nobility shall be
granted by the United States," (art. 1, section 9,
clause 8.) "The distinction of rank and honors,"
says Blackstone, " is necessary in every well-gov-
erned State, in order to reward such as are emi-
nent for their services to the public." But the
framers of the Constitution did not think so, the
people of the United States did not think so; and
therefore they incorporated a provision into their
organic law that " no title of nobility should
be granted." But iL matters hot whether the
favored individual is called " Marquess" or "Mas-
ter." If he is invested by the Government with a
monopoly of rights and privileges, in virtue of his
title and its legal incidents, without any corre-
sponding civil duties, he belongs to an order of
nobility—he is a nobleman. Mr. McDuffie de-
fends the institution of slavery, on the ground that
it establishes the highest of all ranks and the
broadest of all distinctions between men. He says
no nation has yet existed which has not in some
form created the distinction of classes—such as
patrician and plebeian, or citizen and helot, or
lord and'commoner—and that the institution of
slavery stands here instead of these orders, and su-
persedes them all, by being equivalent to them all.
Now, is it not inconceivable that the Constitution
should interdict the bestowment of special favors
to distinguished individuals for meritorious ser-
vices, and yet should authorize Congress to confer
the highest of all earthly prerogatives—the pi e-
rogative over property, libei ty, and volition itself,
upon one class of men over another class of men >
Yet if Congress can create or legalize slavery, it
can establish the worst order of nobility that ever
existed. It can give to one class of men the power
to own and to control, to punish and to despoil
another class; to sell father, mother, wife and
children, into bondage. To prohibit Congress from
doing one of these things, and to permit it to do
the other, is straining at a gnat, while swallowing
a camel—a whole caravan of camels!
But the same clause in the Constitution which
gives Congress the power of exclusive legislation
over this District, also empowers it "to exercise
' like authority over all places purchased by the
' consent of the Legislature of the State, ill which
< the same shall be, for the erection of forts, maga-
' zines, arsenals, dock-yards, and other needful
' buildings." If, then, Congress has any consti-
tutional power to legalize slavery in this District, it
has the same power to legalize it (that is, to create
it) m all places in the State of Massachusetts or New
York,' or any other, where it may have obtained
territory from a State for a fort, magazine, arsenal,
dock-yard, or other needful building. Where it
has obtained land in the middle of a city—Phila-
delphia, NewYorlc, Boston, or Chicago—-fora cus-
tom house, it maycreateslavery there. The power
to do this is conferred in precisely the same words
as the power by which it has been held that slavery
can be established m the District of Columbia.
And now I will occupy the few minutes that are
left me in considering what seems to me the only
plausible argument that can be urged in favor of
the constitutionality of slavery in this District.
It may be said, that when a Territory is obtained
by one nation from another, whether by conouest
or by treaty, the laws which governed the innab-
itants at the time of the conquest or cession, remain
in force until they are abrogated by the laws of
the conquering or purchasing power. For this
principle, the authority of Lord Mansfield, in Use
