g£6
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 5,
Senate of the U. S.
Organization, fyc.
Special Session.
ease of Campbell m. Hall, 1 Cowper, 208, m,ay be
cited. The decision of our own courts are to the
fiaraeeffect. (SeeSGallison's Reports, 501, United
States, appt., vs. Juan Percheman; 7 Peters, 51,
Johnson vs. Mcintosh-, 8 Wheat., 543.) I do not
dispute the authority of this case.' But it does not
touch the question I am arguing; or, so far as it hears
japon itat all, it confirms the views I would enforce.
The principle is, that the existing laws remain in
force vntil they are abrogated. 1 agrte to this.
But in the case of- the District of Columbia, there
"was a special agreement between Maryland and
the United States, that as soon as the United States
should legislate for the District, the laws of Mary-
land, as such, should cea^e to be operative heie.
On the 27th flay dt February, 1801, therefore, all
• the rights which'the citizens of this District pos-
sessed, they possessed under the law of Congress,
and not under the Jaw of Maryland, On the day
preceding, a citizen could have voted for Governor
or other State officers of Maryland; on the day
following, he could no longer vote for any such
officer. On the day preceding, he could have voted
for electors of President and Vice President of the
United Stales; on the day following, he was bereft
of all such right of the elective franchise, and
must accept such officers and legislators as the
rest of the country might choose to elect for him.
On the day preceding, he might, in the character
of an insolvent debtor, have been discharged under
the insolvent laws of Maryland; on the day fol-
lowing, he could no longer be so discharged. On
the day preceding, he might have been required,
though a justice of the peace of the State of Mary-
land, to perform militia duty; but on the day fol-
lowing, if ^commissioned as a justice of the peace
of the District of Columbia, he could not be com-
pelled to perform mihtia duty, because he would,
in such case, be an officer of the United States.
On the day preceding, he might hav%sued in the
-circuit court of the United States, as being a citizen
of Maryland; but, on the day following, he could
not so sue, because he had ceased to Ue a citizen
of a Staie. Thus the change of jurisdiction over
him deprived h m of some privileges, anjl relieved
him from some burdens. It deprived him of these
privileges, and relieved him from these burdens,
notwithstanding the act of Congress had said, in
unambiguous words, "the laws of the State of
t Maryland, as thet now exist, shall be and con-
i tlnxie in force in that part of the said District
' which was ceded by that State to the United
' States.,y But the most momentous change which
was wrought by the transfer of the citizen i'rom the
jurisdiction of Maryland to the jurisdiction of the
United States, was that which made it impossible
for him any longer to hold a slave. Under the
laws of Maryland, he might have held his slave,
for her statutes had"legalized slavery; but under
the Constitution of the United States, he could not
hold a slave; for that Constitution had given Con-
giess no power to legalize slavery in this District,
and had gone so far as to make prohibitions against
it. His right to hold slaves then expired, or fell, like
his right to vote fur United States officers, or for
State officers; or his right to be discharged under
the Maryland insolvent law; or his right to sue in
certain courts, &c., &c.
One point more, sir, and I have done; Why*
says my opponent, did not the right to hold staves
continue after the change of jurisdiction as well as
the right to hold horses? For the plainest of alt
reasons, I answer: for the reason that a horse is
property by the universal consent of mankind, by
the recognition of every civilized court in Christen-
dom, without any positive law declaring them to
be the subject of ownership. But a man is not
property, without positive law; without a law de-
claims htm to he the subject of ownership. There
was such a positive law in Maryland; but Congress,
for want of constitutional authority, could not enact,
revive, or continue it. And such I verily bflieve
would have been the decision of the Supreme Court
of the United States, had the question been carried
before them immediately subsequent to the act of
1801. But now, as slavery has existed practically
in this District for half a century, it is proper to
pass a law abolishing it. It is better, under the
present circumstances, that slavery should be abol-
ished here by a law of Congress, than by the de-
cision of a court; because Congress can provide an
indemnity for the owners, and let the slaves go
free. But should it be abolished by a legal adju-
dication, every slave would be hurried away to
the South, and sold, he and his descendants, into
perpetual bondage.
SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 5, 1849.
At.ten o'clock the doors of the Senate Chamber
were opened for the admission of those to whom
its circumscribed space had constrained the Com-
mittee of Arrangements to limit it. *
The circular gallery was soon filled with ladies,
unaccompanied by gentlemen, and the marble gal-
lery became densely crowded with such citizens
as were so fortunate as to gain admittance there,
through the thousands who sought to gratify their
eyes by beholding the scene below.
The floor of the Senate Chamber was occupied
by Senators and Members of the House of Repre-
sentatives, and those gentlemen who have hereto-
fore been members, together with several Members
elect, Officers of the Army and Navy who by name
have received the thanks of Congress, Governors
of the States and Territories, and the Mayors of
Washington and Georgetown, and a host of distin-
guished gentlemen from all pans of the Union.
At eleven o'clock the Rev. H. Slices, Chaplain
to the Senate, performed the usual devotional ser-
vices.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, addressing the
Secretary, submitted a resolution for the organi-
zation of the Senate, that the Hon. David R.
Atciiisox, a Senator from the State of Missouri, !
be appointed Piesident pro tnn. of the Senate, and !
that the Hon. Thomas H. Bentox, a Senator from 'j
the Stale of Missouri, administer to him the oath of I
office. j
Tlie resolution was unanimously adopted. j
The Hon. Jorx Davis, of Massachusetts, and i
the Hon. Thomas H. Benton conducted Mr. At- j.
chjson to the chair, where the oath was admin- j:
istcred, in compliance with the resolution of the
Senate. i
The PRESIDENT pro tern, then requested the j!
Senators elect to advance to the chair and take the ll
oath prescribed for thorn, and the following were ;;
qualified and took their seats: ~ J;
The Hon. James A. Pearce, of Maryland. I!
lhe Hon. William Upham, of Vermont. ji
The Hon. Cooper, of Pennsylvania. !'
The Hon. A. P. Butler, of South Carolina. j
The Hon. Solon- Borland, of Arkansas. !
The Hon. Isaac P. Walker, of Wisconsin. i;
the Hon. Aigestcs C. Dodge, of Iowa.
The Hon. Wn ham H. Sev.-ard, of New York,
the tion. Jackson Morton, of Florida.
TV® Tf°"' nf"'"A%a DAi'"0!"-> of Georgia.
shire. KS No,tms' Jr-> of Hamp-
The Hon. James Whitcomb, of Indiana.
The Hon. Pierre Soule, of Louisiana.
The Hon. -Truman Smith, of Connecticut.
The Hon. George E. Badger was absent when
his name was called.
When the jiame of the Hon. James Shields, of
; Illinois, was called—
j Mr. WALKER rose and submitted a resolution
to refer the credentials of the Hon, James Shields
to the Committee on the Judiciary, with instruc-
tions to inquire into his eligibility.
Mr. BERRIEN. Mr. President, that the pro-
ceedings of this day may not be interfered with by
the discussion to which that resolution may lead,
I move that its further consideration be postponed
till to-morrow.
Mr. WALKER assented, the motion to
postpone was agreed to.
Anwenty minutes past eleven, the Judges of the
Supreme Court of the United S'ates, in their offi-
cial robes, entered the Senate Chamber, and took
seats on the right front of the chair.
The Diplomatic Cor^s—a numerous body—soon
followed, in their gorgeous eomt costumes, and
took seats on the left front of the chair.
The Hon. Robert C. Winthrop, Speaker of
the House of Representatives, with the officers and
memsera of that body, succeeded.
The Vice President elect, the Hon. Millard
Fillmore, supported by the Ex-Yice President
Dallas, next entered, preceded by the Committee
of Arrangements. The Senators rose on their en-
tranceand remained standing until the President pro
tem. had administered the oath of office to the Vice
President elect.
Upon taking the oath of office, the VicePsesi-
t dent delivered the following Address:
j Senators : Never having been honored with a
I seat on this floor, and never having acted as the
j presiding officer of any legislative body, you will
, not doubt my sincerity when I assure you that I
assume the responsible duties of this chair with a
, conscious want of experience, and a just appre- i
hension that I shall often need your friendly suv- I
gestions, and more often your indulgent forbear- '
ance.
I should indeed feel oppressed and disheartened I
did 1 not recollect that the Senate is composed of !
eminent statesmen, equally distinguished for their i
high intellectual endowments and their amenity of
manners whose persuasive eloquence is so hap-
pily tempered with habitual courtesy as to relieve 1
your presiding officer fmm all that would he nam- j
tul in the discharge of his duty, and render his i
position as agreeable as it must be instructive ' '
lhus encouraged and sustained, I enter upon '
the duties assigned me firmly resolved to discharge i ■
them with impartiality and to the best of my abil-
ity; but I should do injustice to the grateful emo-
tions of my own heart, if 1 did not,on This occasion,
express my warmest thanks for the distinguished
honor that has been conferred upon me, in bem1*
called by the voice of the nation to preside over
your deliberations.
It will not, I trust, be deemed inappropriate to
congratulate you upon the scene now passing be-
fore us. I allude to it in no partisan aspect, but
as an ever-recurring event contemplated by the
Constitution. Compare the peaceful changes of
Chief Magistrates of this Republic with the, recent
sanguinary revolutions m Europe. There, the
voice of the people has only been heard amid the
din of arms and the horrors of domestic conflict;
but here, in our ow'n favored land, under the gui-
dance of our Constitution, the resistless will of lhe
Nation has, from time to time, been peacefully
expressed By the free suffrages of the People, and
all have bowed in obedient submission to their
decree. The Administration which but yesterday
wielded the destinies of this great nation, to-day
quietly yields up its power, and, without a mur-
, mur, retires from the Capitol.
[ I congratulate you, Senators, and I congratulate
; my country, upon these oft-recuriing ami cht.erii.c-
! evidences of our capacity fur self-government. Let
| us hope that the sublime spectacle which we now
witness may be repeated as often as the people
shall desire a change of rulers, antl that this \ener-
ated Constitution and this glorious Union may
endure forever. 1
At lialf-psst twelve o'clock the President elect *
Gen.Zachajiy Taylor, supported by the Ex-Pitsi-
* Tut l-;*ri.i'KA no\ — \t the nf.j><>!tit.-.-! time \i -t, id.iy
the inaupr.im,,, „i <;nu.,a| 7„chv..V1 vymik.V,* iv, m-
fleiit ot Hi,. LiiivilSi.,i, H, ii,,m j,r<
Poroco of the C*pH',l. The n,iiilmi,!e of pfople n - - e j n -
Wert on the o.~i-;wni), front i Vers furl of t,,c Ci.i..,,, ,„r
the <  n urn—n.«r the mtere-in.g <■, r. morn , i« -m>-
•'! ,m\",.h""  '"ch l,i,;,r tlii., n,,s
cnllecrai „i U rii- nether was, ,he
' , v, *!', f I j'' M ph'a.N-fiit c.miLI
!'V M™"* <'! m'irti.,l m„|«J
.lions t.i'-pniK-ij.al iiiemtf .-ofihe fnv.and imiitlr, d-of-tar-
r ,'V~i 1 U''J l;,lir|e IH'i ihmen-io.'i, ueie lin-
,t to it,.. I.,,.. Ti„. lis M „,e c,ty then nm; out a
_ llrr.na pr.it, ami ,m« |(1 {il(, „,,Kt| ,jie
cVpi'tiV" r° "a'lr M immense m:t-«e8 to the
I Of- I'a<K (- —At lull-post , 3/-vert o'clock, the Pro-
sip ik hue (,!' Hi.trch. AIJ nriftnjjrmcriH
ciuri'Ml «■ h .u-f-oriiir!!/iu the pncraimufi alf piib-
Ji-nt'd. i h«' *1 \> jft! mill Mr) coin|W!U«"<« < i whit h ooriut-
.i «l<i/,< JI. jfrf - i f,?,-,] ;j!> iiniH>vrft2an<l bpantifii} .ipjxMMin  •;
■uin n- Uk- PfOftmn moved Jtlong iVnn-xhiimn .sv.-t uc
toward* the ramjoi, many l/aiiil* of niM-ie pourM Wnlh «
v.'ui> n <vf unri.,11 tiir-. Ti.r i-arriage in u hn h Uif Pn M<inu
' <*,'t d vva* (iiau ti hy four haiulsnmc hor?^,
a d ^otected frotii the pressure of the multitude ity the cav-
