1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
327
Senate of the II. S.
Credentials of General Shields.
Special Session.
dent, the Hon. James K. Polk, and preceded by '
the Committee of Arrangements, entered and were \
conducted to seats immediately in front of the Sec-
retary's desk, to the right of Ex-Vice Presidents
Dallas and Johnson.
The arrangements in the Senate Chamber being-
now completed, the procession to the Eastern Por-
tico was formed in the following order;
The Marshal of the District of Columbia.
The Supieme Court of the United States.
The Sergeant-at-Arms of the Senate.
The Committee of Arrangements.
The President elect and Ex-President.
The Cabinet of the Ex-President.
The Cabinet of the President elect.
The Vice Presidents, Ex-Vice Presidents, and
Secretary of the Senate. J jj
The Members of the Senate. H
The Speaker of the House of Representatives, j
and the Members and officers of that body. ;
The Diplomatic Corps. ;
The Mayors of Washington and Georgetown,
and the other persons admitted on the floor of the
Senate. ,
On reaching the staging erected over the flight j
of stairs of the portico of the Capitol, and stand- '
ing in full view of the upturned eyes of at least
twenty thousand people, representing every State j
and Territory of the Union, the President Elect ;
pronounced the following Inaugural Address: j
Elected by the American people to the highest |
office known to our laws, I appear here to take the j
oath prescribed by the Constitution; and, in com- ;
pliance with a time-honoted custom, to address j
those who are now assembled. i
The confidence ar.j) respect shown by my coun- j
trymen m calling me to be the Chief Magistrate of \
a Republic holding a high rank among the nations '
of the earth, have inspired me with feelings of the
most profound gratitude; but, when I reflect that
the acceptance of the office which their partiality j
has bestowed imposes the discharge of the most j
arduous duties, and involves the weightiest obliga-
tions, I am conscious that the position which I
have been called to fill, though sufficient to satisfy
the loftiest ambition, is surrounded by fearful
responsibilities. Happily, however, in the per-
formance of my new duties, I shall not be without
able cooperation. The Legislative and Judicial
branches of the Government present prominent
examples of distinguished civil attainments and
matured experience; and it shall be my endeavor
to call to mv assistance in the Executive Depart-
ments individuals whose taleflts, integrity, and
purity of character will furnish ample guarantees
for the faithful and honorable performance of the
trusts to be committed to their charge. With such
aids, and an honest purpose to do whatever is right,
I hope to execute diligently, impartially,and for the
best interests of the country, the manifold duties
devolved upon me. _
In the discharge of these duties, my guide will
be the Constitution which I this day swear to ,
<< preserve, protect, and defend." For the inter-
pretation of that instrument I shall look to the .
decisions of the Judicial Tribunals established by ]
its authority, and to the practice of the Govern-
ment under the earlier Presidents, who had so
iar-e a share in its formation. To the example of
those illustrious patriotsj shall always defer with
alrcadv rh<~
..,-ntlcmcn who accompanied Gcnoial Tayi.or in his ear-
ri'i«e vveie the Speaker of the lute Fiimse of Representatives
anil the Mayoi «f Washington. According to pievions ar-
I-m... men!, however, win n the GeneiaPs carnage arrived
in front ot the tivin™ Hotel, wherejIX-P.evident Pout is
s. joiirnin",the Procession halted, and Mr. I olk was handed
into ti.e cnrrinar, and a seat awarded to lain on the light of
the Wesideiil Gk-ct,who shook his predecessor cordially |ij
the hand The appropuaiencss and d. hcac.v of this move-
ment wa-- ijul\ appi eclated by the multitude ol people who
witnessed it;'and thereupon iang out spontaneously nine
Ion" and loud huzzas.
T!>e Procession resumed its nwcli. Lolh sides of 1 enn-
Mlvama a\enue were Mummed with hiinian brin?s, ah the
vvav fiOill Wlllards Hotel to the dpitol eronnds Many
ol the roofs ot the houses weie a'so covcied, am every
window was conipletelj blocked np Willi heads. Old men
and women, vn.n a men and maiden-, and elnldr.n too, by
filethmi 'ami; «eie -ecu ,,, eve.y <! « nor.; and the cheers
bv winch the evened multitude evpie^ed ilieir sen=a oiis
in the occasion were both heJit\ and Iuquent. 'Jheit
leenpt'M] by llie 1'ioee^ion m icatiHn?tlu < ast tiern ol
3,i,iitul was about one honi ; and. alter the coneh.sioi
the Inaugural e< retnonii'-. the lieoiienixol aiull ivi s ,
ed from one extremity ol the city to the ot.ier.
Intelligencer,
The time
the
ion of
oond-
fculwiiul
reverence; and especially to his example who was,
by so many titles, " the Father of his Country.''
_To command the Army and Navy of the United
States; with the advice and consent of the Senate,
to make Treaties and to appoint Ambassadors and
other Officers; to give to Congress information of
the state of the Onion, and recommend sueh meas-
ures as he jphall judge to be necessary; and to
take care that the laws shall be faithfully executed:
these are the most important functions intrusted
to the President by the Constitution; and it may
he expected that I shall, briefly, indicate the prin-
ciples which will control me in their execution.
Chosen by the body of the People under the
assurance that my administration would be de-
voted to the. welfare of the whole country, and
not to the support of any particular section or
merely local interest, I this day renew the declara-
tions I have heretofore made, and proclaim my
fixed determination to maintain, to the extent of
my ability, the Government in its original purity,
and to adopt -as the basis of my public policy
: those great republican doctrines which constitute
the strength of our national existence,
i In reference to the Army and Navy, lately em-
! ployed with so much distinction on active service, j
care shall be taken to insure the highest condition :
1 of efficiency; and, in furtherance of that object,
the military and naval schools, sustained by the
; liberality of Congress, shall receive the special
, attention of the Executive.
| As American freemen, we cannot but sympa-
, thize m all efforts to extend the blessings of civil
I and political liberty; but, at the same time, we are
; warned by the admonitions of History and the
, voice of our own beloved Washington to abstain
; from entanglingallianecs with foreign nations. In
j all disputes between conflicting Governments, it is
our interest not less than our duty to remain strict-
ly neutral; while our geographical position, the
,i genius of our institutions and our people, the ad-
| vancing spirit of civilization, and, above all, the
'i dictates of religion, direct us to the cultivation of
peaceful and friendly relations with all other Pow-
:j ers. It is to be hoped that no international question
I can now arise which a Government, confident in
s its own strength and resolved to protect its own
! just rights, may not settle by wise negotiation;
land it eminently becomes'a Government like our
' own, founded on the morality and intelligence of
! its citizens, and upheld by their affections, to ex-
haust every resort of honorable diplomacy before
appealing to arms. In the conduct of our foreign
relations I shall conform to these views, as I believe
them essential to the best interests and the true
honor of the country.
I The aopointing power vested in the President
|i imposes delicate and onerous duties. So far as it
II is possible to be informed, I shall make honesty,
! capacity, and fidelity indispensable pre-requisites
I to the bestowal of office, and the absence of either
i; of these qualities shall be deemed sufficient cause
for removal.
!1 It shall be my study to recommend such consti-
J tutional measures to Congress as may be neces-
ij sary and proper to secure encouragement and
i protection to the great interests of agriculture, com-
1 merce, and manufactures: to improve our rivers and
; harbors; to provide for the speedy extinguishment
- of the public debt; to enforce a strict accountability
011 the part of all officers of the Government, and
< the utmost economy in ail public expendituies.
But it is for the wisdom of Congress itself, in
which all legislative powers are vested by the Con-
stitution, to regulate these and other matters of
domestic policy. I shall look with confidence to
the enlightened patriotism of that body to adopt
! such measures of conciliation as may harmonize
conflicting interests, and tend to perpetuate that
Union which should be the paramount obiect of
our hopes and affections. In any action calculated
to promote an object so near the heaitof every one
who truly loves his country, I wi. zealous,y unite
with the coordinate branches of the Government.
I In conclusion, I congratulate you, my fellow-
i citizens, upon thchieh state of prosperity to which
the goodness of Divine Providence has conducted
our common country. Let us invoke a continu-
ance of the same Protecting Care whicn has ed
us from small beginnings to the eminence we this
.. day occupy, aneflet us seek to deserve that con-
i tinuance by prudence and moderation in our coun-
cils; by well-directed attempts to assuage the
bitterness which too often marks unavoidable dif-
ferences of opinion; by the promulgation and prac-
tice ofjust and liberal principles; and by an enlarged
patriotism which shall acknowledge no limits but
those of our own wide-spread Republic.
At the conclusion of this address the oath to
execute the office of President of the United Slates,
and to the best of his ability to preserve, protect,
and defend the Constitution, was, with due solem-
nity, administered to the President of the United
States by Chief Justice Taney. The President
then received congratulations, Chief Justice Taney
and Ex-President Polk taking the lead.
The ceremonies on the Eastern Portico having
been concluded, the Vice President and Senate re-
turned to their Chamber, when, on motion, it was
ordered that the daily hour of meeting shall be
twelve o'clock.
The Senate then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 6, 1849.
The Hon. George E. Badges, of North Caro-
lina, and the Hon. Salmon P. Chase, of Ohio,
elected Senators by their respective States for six
years, were qualified and took their seats.
I CREDENTIALS OF HON. JAMES SHIELDS.
Mr. MILLER rose to offer a resolution. —s
: Mr. DOUGLAS. I trust the Senator from New
t Jersey will withhold any resolution at present. I
I rise, Mr. President, to aquestionofprivilege, which.
J takes precedence of all other business. I rise to
! ask if my colleague, the Hon. James Shields, is
j now to be sworn as a member of this body? I
' suppose it is his right to be now sworn; and on
j behalf of the State of Illinois, I ask that the oath y
may now be administered to him. ^
; The VICE PRESIDENT. The Journal of yes-
! terday has not yet been read.
| On motion, the reading of the Journal of yester-
day was dispensed with.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The PresidingOffi-
; cer is informed that a resolution, submitted yester-
j day in relation to the credentials of Gen. Shields,
I is now on the table not yet acted upon.
! Mr. WALKER. I move to take up thatresolu-
' tion.
| Mr. MANGUM. I will ask the Senator from
I Wisconsin to withdraw that resolution, which
' proposes to refer a certain subject to the Judiciary
Committee, for he is aware that we have now no
standing committees. I have prepared a resolution
to obviate the difficulty, which I will offer, if the
Senator will withdraw the pending resolution.
Mr. WALKER assented, and withdrew his res-
olution.
Mr. MANGUM. Mr. Piesident, I now offer
| my resolution, as follows:
j Resolved, That the standing committeesatthe closeof the
I last session he reappointed, and that the vacancies therein
: be filled bv the Chair.
j. Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I again rise
to a question of privilege. I do it without any
concert with my colleague, whom 1 desire to be
sworn. I do it as the only repiesentative present
from the Slate of Illmo.s, which is entitled to two
Senators on this floor. It appears from the cre-
dentials now on your table that James Shields was
elected a Senator'of the United States by theLegis-
lature of Illinois for six years from the 4th instant.
His credentials are in due form, and therefore those
credentials entitle him to a seat in this body. He
stands m precisely the same position in which other
Senators stood who were yesterday admitied to
seats; and if there is any objection on die giound
of ineligibility, it must arise after he has been sworn
and has taken his seat. This body has no jmis-
diction over him or this matter until he has hi en
admitted to his seat as one of its members; for then
alone can the question of eligibility arise. At pres-
ent he has a right to a seat here, and to a vote on
any question that may arise until the. Senate shall
adjudge him ineligible. In assuming this ground,
I am justified by the uniform precedents, so far as
I have examined them.
In the case of Mr. Gallatin, which is a leading
ease on this subject, he was sworn, took his seat,
and voted until the Senate decided the question of
eligibility, and adjudged that question against him,
and then lie was turned out.
