m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 6,
Senate of the U. S.
Credentials of General Shields.
Special Session.
In the case of Mr. 'Sranh, of South Carolina, in
which the question of alienage arose, he was sworn
in, and subsequently, I believe, the question of
alienage was decided in his favor.
Mr. BUTLER. Where do you find that case?
^ Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 find it among the cases of
contested elections.
Then there was the case of Mr. Rich, from
Michigan, which was also one of alienage, but he
was sworn. And you will §nd that in every case
that has arisen, that has been the course pursued,
with perhaps one exception; and in fact that con-
stitutes 110 exception at all, for the fact^ appeared
on the face of tfce credentials, and it was nota case
arising on an objection by an individual Senator.
If, sir, in this case the ineligibility was shown oh
the face of the credentials, I would not ask that
Gen. Shields should be sworn. But if the creden-
- rials are in the usual form, and that is not doubted,
the presumption is in his favor, and he has a right
to a seat here until the Senate shall adjudge him
ineligible. AMI ask, sir, is,that the State of Illinois
may be treated as other States are treated. If there
is no ineligibility shown on the face of the creden-
tials, to deprive him of the right conferred upon
him by his State, this will furnish the first instance
of the rejection of a Senator when his credentials
are in due form. And why, sir, should there be
such an exception now made in this case? I speak
not, sir, on behalf of the claimant of this seat; but
I speak on behalf of the State of Illinois, which I
in part represent. I insist, sir, that if you were
now engaged.in calling the yeas and nays, and his
credentials had not been presented, it would be my
right and my duty to present his credentials, and
it would be his right to be sworn and vote on the
pending question. I call upon the Senate to pause
and examine this question. The Senate is not yet
organized. No business can be done until the
constitutional rights of members (o their seats have
been acceded to. I do not say that Gen. Shields
is eligible to a seat on this floor. I know nothing
of the facts, sir; but I do know, from the creden-
tials on your table, that he has been duly elected
by the Legislature of the State of Illinois. His
^-credentials are i'n due form. They are in such
form as to make it a matter of right that he shall
take his seat. I know also that yesterday you
swore other members who presented credentials
identically the same. And i likewise know, that
hitherto you have never refused the right to a seat
to any gentleman coming with like credentials.
After Gen. Shields shall have been sworn and ad-
mitted to his seat, I shall throw no impediment in
the way of any examination that the Senate may
desire to make of the facts of the ease. It is the
right of this body then toinstitutean investigation,
when' objections are made; but (and I say it with
great respect) this body has no right to reject with-
out examination a Senator, when he presents his
credentials in due form, showing that he has a right
to a seat here.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Illinois insist on his question of privilege?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes, sir, on the ground that
the State of Illinois is entitled to two votes in this !
Senate.
Mr. MANGUM. Mr. President, I am disposed
to think that the Senator from Illinois is right. The
credentials in this case are in due form; they are
properly authenticated under the seal of the State, i
and hence they constitute a prima facie case. If it :
be deemed necessary, the Senate can enter upon
an investigation after the claimant has been admit- -
ted to his seat; and, with my present impressions, 'l
I withdraw my resolution. ii
Mr. WALKER. Mr. President, I withdrewmy
resolution to permit the Senator from North Caro-
lina to offer his resolution; but, as he has now
withdrawn it, I renew my motion, and in doing so
I wish to give some expression of my feelings on
this subject.
The Secretary read Mr. Walker
as follows:
resolution,
V ' «ie mtificate of election of the Hon. James
nn thfn ra-S<iatm dy be ref,'rre<1 to the Committee i
hHitS nf , alX'T instructions to inquire into the chen- ,
UnUed Jai"es to a sea! 111 3<">ate of the
omted btates as a member thereof j
1 suPP°se that resolution is not i
yet before the Senate. ;!
Mr. DOUGLAS. The question pending is my '!
motion that James Shields be sworn. § 7 :
Mr. BUTLER. Which is a privileged question.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes, sir, a privileged question.
Mr. TURNEY. I insist that a prima facie case
is presented which entitles the claimant to a seat;
and it is not in the power of any one to exclude
him from the enjoyment of his right. Why, if
this were so, one member by an objection could
yesterday have excluded one-third ofHhis body;
for yesterday one-third of the seats here were va-
cant, and they were filled by gentlemen on the
presentation of just such credentials. It cannot be
done, sir. I insist that General Shields is entitled
to his seat and if any constitutional question shall
arise, the Senate may then inquire as to his eligi-
bility to remain here.
Mr. BADGER. I imagine that there is very
little difference of opinion among Senators as to
the right of General Shields to be sworn in at the'
present time as a member of this body. In the ab-
sence of any precedents to the contrary, it seems
to me perfectly clear that General Shields, having
.presented to the Senate his credentials, showing in
proper form his election to a seat in this body, is en-
titled to be sworn in as a member of this body, and
treated as constitutionally a member of this body,
until upon investigation it shall be fully ascer-
tained that he is not constitutionally eligible to a
seat here. That is undoubtedly the general rule,
and I do not see that any question as to the par-
ticular practice or precedents of the Senate with
reference to his eligibility can make any difference
;j in the application of the rule. It is a question
ij solely for him to decide, personally, whether he
will choose to avail himself of theright which these
credentials give him, to be sworn in as a member
before the question of his eligibility is settled, or
not. It does not seem to me that there is any con-
flict whatever between the application to swear in
General Shields and the resolution offered by the
Senator from Wisconsin to refer his credentials to
an appropriate committee, so that they may be
duly examined and reported upon.
Mr. BUTLER. I entertain views which differ
from some which have been expressed here. Gen-
eral Shields comes liere with credentials, under the
seal of the State of Illinois, in due form; and it is
to be presumed that it has thoroughly investigated
the matter, and that the State which has given
him a commission-under its seal has decided pri-
marily upon his qualifications. Coming here, then,
with prima facie qualifications and credentials, I
cannot see how we can refuse him the right to be
sworn as a member of this body. I think'the case
; is'analogous to proceedings at law involving the
j rights of membership—theright of holding office,
ij Usually, the question is made, under proceedings
by a writ of quo icarranto, " By what right do.you
j hold office?" The member is sworn in, and the
| question as to his eligibility to a seat is afterwards
' determined.
! If the State has given General Shields his cre-
, dentials, as it is proved by the facts before us, it
i is a delicate matter—a very deiicate matter—to de-
| cide as to his eligibility. If the Senate concur
I generally in my views, he should be at once admit-
ted upon the authority of these credentials. The
: examination of his constitutional eligibility un-
; questionably should be deferred until after he has
j taken his seat. I give no opinion upon the legality
I of his election; but I take the liberty of saying ■
' that when this matter is inquired into—as it ce?
j tainly will be—I trust that it will be referred for 1
j investigation to a committee on privilege, specially
1 raised for the purpose. The Senator from Wis-
consin desires tins to be referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary. Now, there is no such commit- .
; tee; but when one shall be organized, its duty will
be to examine questions of law; and that does not
touch the high question involved in this debate. I
think that the leading members of the Senate ought
to constitute that committee, without regard"to
party.
Mr. WEBSTER. This is a very important
quest/on, sir, and it becomes us so to act as not to
deprive ourselves of the power to exercise our un-
doubted constitutional right of judging of the qual-
ifications of a member of this body°at the same
time to act with all proper respect towards the '
State which has sent to us a Senator which it has
elected. To observe the established precedents in
cases of this character, is the best course we can >
adopt. There may be instances or precedents in ■,
which objection has.been made before the member
has taken hisseatin either one House or the other.
,! This gentleman's case is the other way. Being
j admitted to his seat, he is then to produce his cre-
I i dentials, and they are to be examined and investi-
li gated by the Senate, to decide if, constitutionally,
II he is eligible to a seat here. I think the proper
jj course to be adopted in this instance is to allow the
11 gentleman to be sworn at once.
■j Mr. ATCHISON. On yesterday my attention
; was called to the Journal of the Senate, in relation
j to the proceedings in the case of Mr. Gallatin. I
I found there that when Mr. Gallatin presented him-
I self on the authority of his credentials, he was
! sworn in, and another Senator was sworn in im-
j mediately after him. As soon as he had been
i sworn in, a communinettion, in the shape of a re-
[ monstrance from the State of Pennsylvania, as to
his eligibility to office, was presented to the Sen-
, ate, and proceedings were had to test his eligibility,
i He was first sworn in, however, and no objec-
; tion was made to his being thus sworn. It is very
| strongly to be presumed that, prior to his being
| sworn, the remonstrance was in the hands of the
j Presiding Officer of the Senate.
! Mr. BERRIEN. I do not apprehend that the
j adoption of either of the courses suggested this
| morning in relation to the reception of General
Shields will affect the ultimate action of the Sen-
ate upon the subject of his eligibility; but I do not
, concur in some of the suggestions which have been
: made, and I will therefore express very briefly the
ji views I entertain upon the subject, premising'that
■; no one is more disposed to pay proper respect to
the certificate of a State of the Union than I am
| myself. •  
;i It is said that the credentials of this gentleman
" are prima facte evidence of the qualification neces-
sary to his admission as a member of this body.
!< I think not, sir. Until the evidence is controverted,
I' it must be correct evidence of the regularity of the
i, election by the Legislature of his State, but that is
i1 the only thing. It is not even prima facie evidence
:i of the qualifications of the individual. But, sir, it
is suggested that the presentment of these creden-
: tiais, this application to the Senate to be sworn in
| immediately, should be concurred in by the Sen-
, ate, and that they must stand, when thus concurred
in, until an investigation is made by the Senate as
to the gentleman's eligibility; now, on the other
hand, when a member of this body offers a reso-
lution proposing an inquiry into the legality of the
election of a Senator, I suppose that some attention
should be paid to the representations of that Sen-
ator, and therefore what would seem to m£ a cor-
rect course on this question, would be that the
Senator from Wisconsin should state to the Senate
the grounds upon which lie submits his resolution,
! and such facts as he may be able to present in rela-
; tion to the matter, so that we may be enabled to
decide advisedly between thetwocourses suggested
to be taken. I make this suggestion, because I
; apprehend that the applicant in "this case is not dis-
; posed to contest the facts of the case, but, admit-
ting them, to rest his claim upon the constitutional
i question which they present! Thefacts in the case,
1 suppose, will be presented to the Senate by the
i Senator moving this resolution, so that a decision
upon his constitutional eligibility may be had.
' Mr. DOUGLAS. My motion is not made at
the request, nor even with the knowledge, of Gen-
; eral Shields. It is made by me, as a Senator from
I Illinois, insisting on the rights of that State. I
have no objection to the Senator from Wisconsin
making any statement he chooses, at the proper
time; but if he is to go on and make statements
of facts with respect to the question at issue—thus
superseding my motion—I contend that his course
will be wholly irregular. I insist that the proper
mode is to allow General Shields to be sworn,and
then to proceed with the investigation of the testi-
mony in the ense regularly. As icgards the facts
in the case, I do not know what they are myself,
and am therefore not prepared at present to make
any statement as to the legality or non-legality of
the election.
Mr. WALKER. I do notwish to pursue any
course of action in relation to this question with-
out full regard to the wishes of honorable Sena-
tors. Upon a former occasion, sir, before you
occupied the post of presiding officer of this body,
when the question of the reception of Genera! '
