1849.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
329
Senate of the U. S.
Committee to wait on the President.
Special Session.
Shields was up, I rose and stated my object in
making the motion which I submitted; but, upon
the suggestion of the Senator from North Carolina,
it was withdrawn. I then stated, that in justice
to General Shields, to the Senate, and to the coun-
try, I would move a reference of his credentials to
the Committee on the Judiciary, with instructions
to inquire into the eligibility of General Shields.
I say now, and I wished to be understood when I
made the motion as declaring, that I have no wish
or desire, of the remotest kind, to place General
Shields in a position where injustice can be done
him, or to do anything which shall exclude him
from a seat upon this floor. 1 have known him long
in different capacities, military and civil; I know
him to be a gentleman of ability; the country is ac-
quainted with his capacity, and the enemies of this i
country also, I think, can testify to his efficiency.
I knew him at an early period of my life, in the
State from whence he comes, which was then the
home of us both. The lapse of time has not opera-
ted upon the heart that pulsates in my bosom in
such manner as that I could urge any malicious ob-
jection to the admission of an old and esteemed friend
as the representative of a State to the body in which
i have been honored with a seat. I disclaim ail such
feelings before the Senate, before the country, be-
fore the fiiends of General Shields, and before that
gentleman himself, if he is present; but in justice
to that gentleman, in justice to the Senate, and in
justice to the country, I desire that an investigation
by a proper committee may be had upon this sub- I
ject. Would it be just to General Shields, to the i
* Senate, or to the country, particularly to the State j
which has honored General Shields with a seat :
here, first to admit him and afterwards to expel !
him from this body? Those who purpose to take ,
that course must take a different view of this mat- '
ter than I do. It would seem to be a fur preferable .
course to allow General Shields to do—what I am j
informed he is prepared to do—show that he i3 not j
endeavoring to thrust himself into this body; and j
to give him an opportunity of proving that he is j
entitled to the honor which his State has conferred j
on him, and which will, through all future time, j
bring credit to the State which has conferred it. It j
seems to me this is much the better course; to give i
General Shields the opportunity of proving his 1
eligibility before he is sworn, than first to swear ;
him and then afterwards may have to expel him.
These are my conscientious views on this subject.
If they are wrong, it is because I have not a just
appreciation of us merits. 1 do not wish to resist
whatever shall be deemed the proper course of the
Senate on this question; but, as has been intima- .
ted by the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Berrien,]
unless objections are made with relation to a point j
of order, I will state the grounds that have induced i
me to bring forward this resolution fully and ex- i
plicitly. j
Mr. BUTLER. I do not rise exactly to a ques- [
lion of older, but would simply suggest that if the [
Senator from Wisconsin is to goon and present;
the evidence at large, and facts pertaining to the ;
eligibility of General Shields, it will in some degree ;
prejudice the minds of the committee and of Sen- j
a tors upon the question. j
Mr. 'WALKER. So I thought; my opinion of!
this course of action on my part corresponds with ,
that of the Senator from South Carolina. With ,
reference to precedents on this subject, I would
say, that, in presenting this resolution, I did not ;
desire to violate the usual course of proceeding; I
did not desire to urge the adoption of a new and ;
extraordinary mode of conduct. I have not ex-
amined all the cases of a similar character to the
one before us; I have only had the opportunity of
looking into a few of them. The case of Mr.
Gallatin is not one that can "be quoted as a pre-
cedent for the couise suggested by the Senator from
Illinois. That seems to have been a case where
previous objection was not made. Mr. Gallatin
appeared and was duly sworn, and it was not until
some tune after he had been thus qualified that !
objection was made to his occupying a seat in this
Chamber.
But it is said that no precedent can be shown for
the course that I have seen fit to suggest. _ I am in- ;
formed, sir,that there isa precedent, lam informed
thar-a Senator from Connecticut once presented his j
credentials, but that, in consequence of some ques-
tion of ineligibility, he was refused his seat. !
Mr. DOUGLAS. I would submit whether, in
the case of the Senator from Connecticut, it did not
stand upon the following grounds: The constitu-
tional term of the Senator from Connecticut had
expired, and the State Legislature failed to make
any election of Senator in his place. The Gov-
ernor of the State thereupon made an appointment,
and the objection was taken that the Governor had
no authority, in case of such vacancy, to appoint
a Senator, and therefore the Senator was excluded
from a seat in this body. The fact appeared on
the face of his credentials, and therefore it was
seen that he had no sort of right to a seat as Sen-
ator. In this case, there is simply a presumption
as to the Senator's ineligibility to membership of
this body. The very case of the Senator from
Connecticut strengthens the general rule for which
I contend.
Mr. WALKER. I have not examined the cre-
dentials of the Senator to whom I have alluded. I
cited the case in older to show, that in anticipation
of a seat in this Chamber becoming occupied, the
question of eligibility had been raised. If it did
not amount to a precedent, be it so. Th s, then,
may be the first time when an individual who has
been elected a Senator by the Legislature of his
State has had objections taken to his eligibility
beforehand. I wish distinctly to be understood as
not endeavoring to enforce a more rigid rule in this
case than that of others. I have no such design
or intention. The question then arises, What is
the Senate going to do with the resolution post-
poned from yesterday until to-day? To-day it is
taken up, and, upon the motion of the Senator
from Illinois, it is proposed that this gentleman be
sworn in before his eligibility to his office is ex-
amined—a course of proceeding contrary to that
intended by the resolution. However, if such be
the view of the Senate, let that course be adopted.
As I have before remarked, it appears to me due to
General Shields, and to the State he represents, as
well as to the whole country, that the matter should
be referred to a committee, and fully settled, before
General Shields is admitted as a member of this
body.
Mr. BERRIEN. Mr. President, I desire simply
to explain why I suggested the propriety of the
Senator from "Wisconsin stating the grounds upon
which he based his resolution. In my judgment,
such a statement would be neither unusual nor
wanting in dclicacy; but in regard to the other
question—the question of order—why, sir, it is the
every-day practice, when a Senator is about to
submit a resolution for the consideration of the
Senate, to state upon what grounds he requests
the consideration of that resolution; and surely it
is but the dictate of common sense, when -a Senator
comes here and presents his credentials, and asks
to be sworn, that he-should not be pievented from
being sworn by the mere submission by one Sen-
ator of an unexplained resolution. That would
seem to me an act pf gross injustice. Here is a
gentleman producing the credentials of his State,
certifying his election as a Senator, who" asks to
be sworn; and it cannot be permitted for another
Senator to get up, and by the mere submission of
an unexplained resolution deprive him of the priv-
ilege which he asks. Certainly, if we are called
upon to consider the resolution; if it be proposed,
as we are to presume, upon a knowledge of certain
facts which would be considered surlicient grounds
for offering the resolution, and if we are called
upon to suppoit it, we must be made participants
in that knowledge. We cannot act without it, and
hence the suggestion which I made that the Sen-
ator, having objected to the administration of the
oath of office to the applicant by the resolution
which he. has submitted, must be presumed to
have done it upon grounds satisfactory to himself;
and before he called upon us to participate in that
resolution, to sustain it by our votes, I think it
was proper that we should be advised of those
grounds.
Sir, it is perfectly indifferent to mc, except as
relates to the observance of order and the princi-
ples of the Constitution, what course may be pur-
sued, As the Senator from Wisconsin says, we
must ultimately come to the consideration of the
resolution. I have no wish upon this subject, ex-
cept that the^rdinary and proper course should
be pursued, and that our constitutional obligations
should be maintained.
_ Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President, i should consider
it in very bad taste-, indeed, for me to undertake to
occupy the mention of the Senate at this time, and
under existing circumstances, by an extended ad-
dress, either argumentative or declamatory. It is
certainly not because 2 do not feel a just deference
for theopinions of those distinguished gentlemen
who seem to be of opinion that the motion of the
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] should not
prevail, that I feel authorized to say, in hearingof
the Senate, (and J. think what 1 have to say on
this point will be sanctioned by all who hear me,}
that the argument of the question is now ex-
hausted; that it is now established, beyond all rea-
sonable doubt, that precedent sustains fully the
motion of the Senator from Illinois; that that mo-
tion is grounded firmly and jrresisiibly upon par-
liamentary usage. And I cannot perceive anything
in the circumstances of this case which should con-
stitute an exception to a general rule which, I
think, has been fully established.
I have risen, therefore, simply for the purpose
of stating my opinion in this general form, and for
the additional purpose (which I trust will not be
offensive to any) of expressing the high gratifica-
tion which 1 feel at the admirable temper and spirit
exhibited in this body on the present occasion:
and having thus expressed myself, being ready to
vote, and believing that others are also, I trust
that our time will not be occupied at any consid-
erable length beyond the present moment in a dis-
cussion that, it seems to me, is unnecessary, and
that will result unprofitably, and that may, per-
chance, be productive of more or less ill-feeling.
The question was then taken on the motion of
;; Mr. Docglas, and it was agreed to.
J Mr. Shields was then qualified and took his
j' seat.
ji Mr. MILLER offered the following resolution:
!| Resolved, That a committee be appointed to wait on the
i President of the United States and notify him that the Sen-
i, ate is assembled and ready tu receive an} communication
j! he may be pleased to* make.
ll The resolution was adopted. *
|, On motion of Mr. MILLER, it was ordered
| that the committee consist of two members, and
'I that they be appointed by the Vice President,
i! Mr. Miller and Mr. Atchison were appointed
I as said committee.
i[ Mr. MANGUM again submitted his resolution
1 to continue the standing committees, .the Vice
i; President filling the existing vacancies.
|j Mr. DICKINSON. I desire to inquire what
j| will be the effect of that resolution?
Mr. MANGUM. The effect of it will be, that
the committees will remain organized as they were
duiing the last session, except that, where vacan-
cies have occurred by the expiration of the consti-
tutional term of Senators, the committees will be
filled up by the appointment of the Presiding Offi-
"cer These committees will last only during the
Executive session. I think the course proposed
by the resolution will be the most convenient.
However, if any other course should be prefened,
I have no objection.
Mi'- DICKINSON. That question has often
been before the Senate since i have been a mem-
ber of it. Originally I voted for conferring upon
the Vice President the power of appointing com-
mittees, but the Senate has so often decided against
that course that I apprehend it will be bettor to
adhere to the usual course of proceeding. The
adoption of the course proposed by the resolution
may occasion some inconvenience at the next ses-
sion. But I think, that from the liberality and
courtesy which has characterized both sides of
this body in regard to the arrangement of com-
mittees, there will be very little trouble in arranging
the matter in the usual wayT I would, therefore,
prefer that the old course should be adhered to. I
would suggest to the Senator from North Carolina
so to modify his resolution as to leave the whole
matter to the disposition of the Senate.
Mr. MANGUM. I have no preference at all as
o forms. If any gentleman prefers the adoption
of some other course, I wilt make no objection.
In the mean time, however, no action can be had
upon any nominations that may come to us in
Executive session, or upon any business whatever,
until the committees aie oiganized. My object is
merely to reestablish the old committees, and to
confer upon the presiding office* of the Senate the
