330
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 7 and 8,
Senate of the U. S.
Smithsonian Institution—Standing Committees.
Special Session.
power, habitually exercised,.to fill vacancies. I,
however, have no objection to accepting the modi-
fication suggested by the Senator from New York.
Mr. BERRIEN. Before the modification is
made, I would suggest to the Senator from New
■fork that the course proposed by him has always
been adopted on the appointment of committees,
bat whenever vacancies have occurred, the course
of proeepding has uniformly been to allort the Pre-
siding Officer to fill those vacancies. If the reso-
lution offered by the Senator froai North Carolina
be adopted, the committees appointed at the last
session will be continued, except that, where vacan-
cies have occurred by the expiration of the term of
service of any Senator, the duty of filling them will
be devolved upon the Chair.
Mr. POOTE. I think the Senator Prom Georgia
islaboiing under a mistake. It is certainly true that
we have no committees, as this is a new Senate
Mr. BERRIEN. The resolution of the Senator
from North Caiolina proposes to continue the old
committees.
Mr. SlANGUM". Out of a feeling of delicacy
to the Chair, the opinions of the Chair not being
supposed to harmonize with the opinions of a ma-
jority of the Senate, I withdraw the resolution.
Mr. TURNEY. I move that to-morrow, at 12
o'clock, the Senate proceed to the election of its
Standing committees.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WALKER. What disposition has been
made of my resolution ?
A Senator. Let it be laid over until the com-
mittees are appointed.
Mr. MASON. i move that it be postponed. , .
That motion was withdrawn at the solicitation jj nation, or otherwise, should be filled as vacancies
.of Senators.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 7, 1849.
Prayer by the Rev. H. Slicer.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
the following communication:
VV A.SHiNr;TON,kjWrtVT/i 7,1849.
Sir : I have the honor to communicate to you the loHow-
ins resolution, passed by the Board ot Regents ol the ^iinLh-
sonian Institution, at an adjourned meeting held this day at
tht room of the Vice Piesident of the United States:
Resolved, That the Secretary inform the President of the
Senate that a vacancy exist? i n the Board of Regents by the \
expiration of the term of Mr. Pearce as Senajor
I have the honor to he, &c.. JOSEPH HENRY,
Seiretary of the Smithsonian Institution.
Hon. Millard Fillmore,
President of the Senate of the United States.
The VICE PRESIDENT desired from the
Senate information as to the course to pursue in
filling that vacancy.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. A vacancy has
occurred in the Board of Regents of the Smithso-
nian Institution by reason of the expiration of the
Senatorial term of the Senator from Maryland,
[Mr. Pearce.]
The manner of filling the vacancy is, from the
terms.of the law of organization of the institution,
involved in doubt, and is, I believe, unsettled
bv precedent. The law provided that three re-
1 1 . , •  , * 1 CI ... _ .- 1 . U „ «   I. „
mam those of the gentlemen as they had served in
committees during the past session. There were,
however, some changes, and there were sull some
vacancies, which it was not proposed to supply
before the next session, unless some special emer-
gency should arise to make it necessary. He then
offered a resolution to the effect that the standing
committees be constituted as follows; which was
agreed to:
Committe^on Foreign Relations—Messrs. Benton,
Cass, Foote, Webster, Mangum.
Committee on Finance—Messrs
ter, Douglas, Phelps, Webster.
Committee on Commti-ce—Messrs. Hamlin,Soulc,
Fitzpatnck, Davis of Massachusetts, Smith..
Committee on ^Manufactures—Messrs. Sebastian,
Butler, Jones.
Committeeon Public Lands—Messrs. Felch, Bor-
land, Shields.
Committee on Agriculture—Messrs. Sturgeon,
JTurney, Walker.
Committee on JWHUary Affairs—Messrs. Davis of
Mississippi, Benton, Borland, Bell. Dawson.
Committee on the Militia—Messrs. Houston, Filz-
patrick, Dodge of Wisconsin.
Committee on Private Land Claims—Messrs.
Downs, Whitcomb, Dickinson.
Committee on Indian Affairs—Messrs. Atchison,
Sebastian, Rusk, Phelps, Bell.
Committee on Claims—Messrs. Whitcomb, Nor-
-Messrs.
-Messrs. Butler,
Mr. BUTLER. J hope, sir, we shall have a ;
special committee on this subject, and to accom- i
plish that purpose, I move to amend the resolution ;
by striking out the word " Judiciary" and insert-
in  " Special.*' 1 think it due to the Senate and ;
the country that a committee should-be raised on ;
this subject, which I am willing should be ap- i
pointed by the Chair from amongst the oldest .
members of the Senate.
The question was stated to be on the amendment 1
of the Senator from South Carolina. j
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, this is purely 1
a constitutional question, and one which, it seems I
to me,should appropriately goto the Commuree on i
the Judiciary. We never, 1 believe, have had a ;
Committee on Privileges and Elections, for the -
reason that it has been very rare that a question of j
this diameter has arisen in this body, indeed, I
believe that no question of election has ever arisen
in the Senate which did not involve, and depend
entirely upon, a constitutional provision. Thiscei-
tainiy is a question which is purely and exclusively
of that character, involving, it is true, one or two
gents should be taken from the Senate, and that the jj
appointments should be made by the President of !j ris, Jones. ^
the Senate. Their term as regents was to continue ;! Committee on Revolutionary Claims-
during the-period for which they should remain in j Walker, Norris, Dodge of Iowa.
the Senate without reelection. It was also pro- i Committee on the Judicial y-
vided that the vacancies occurring by death, resig- 1 Downs, Bradbury, Berrien.
Id be filled as vacancies Committee on the Post Office: and Post Roads—
in committees are filled. As we elect committees ■ Messrs. Rusk, Sturgeon, Soule, Pearce, Corwin.
in the Senate, it ensues that a vacftncy occurring jj Committee on Roads and Canals—Messis. bright,
in the Board would be filled by election of the Sen-!' Atchison, Foote.
ate. The point to which I wish to invite particular '■ Committee on Pensions-
attention is this: the vacancy occurs not by cas-
ualty, but in due course of law, so far as the Sen- ■
ate is concerned. Does this render the vacancy in :
the Board of Regents an original one, and thus*,
confer on the President the power to fill it, as pro- '
vided for original appointments at the period of '
organization? Or is the board a permanent body, i,
and are all vacancies in it to be held as having hap-
pened, and therefore to be filled as vacancies in /
committees? !i
To test the sense of the Senate, and to settle the ;
construction of the law in future, 1 offer-a resolu
•Messrs. Dodge of Wis-
consin, Fitzpatiick, Hunter.
Committee for the District of Columbia—Messrs.
Mason, Yulee, Shields.
Committee on Patents—Messrs. Turney, Norris,
Whitcomb.
Committee on Retrenchment—Messrs. Bradbury,
Houston, Felch.
Committee on the TerHtories—Messrs. Douglas,
Butler, Houston.
Committee on the Public Buildings and Groumh—
Messrs-Hunter, Yulee.
Committee on Contingent Expenses—Messrs.
tion.
The Secreiary read the resolution as follows: s
Resohed, Thau in Hie- opinion of the Senate, when va-
cancies occur m the tfoanl of* or the Smithsonian
In-nuifiori. in' ihe evpnation of me term of any Senator, the
power fo fili such vacancy is by Uw vested in the President
of the Senate.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. 1 hope that lesolution
will not now he acted upon. I should like to have
facts, but yet resting entirely upon that construc-4 an opportunity to look into the law before it is
tion which the Constitution is to receive upon facts i aj0ple(j#
presented. It is due that in the formation of the
committee, the same Senators who composed the
Judiciary Committee, or other Senators learned in
constitutional law, should constitute the select
committee. But the Judiciary Committee being
the appropriate one to which constitutional ques-
tions should be referred, it seems to me that there
is no necessity on this occasion for departing from
the general, and appropriate, and proper rule.
While 1 have liule or no objection to the creation
of a select committee, it seems to me that it would
be much more appropriate to refer this subject to
the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, (in his seat.)
There is no Judiciary Committee.
y Mr. HAMLIN. Theie will be soon.
f The amendment was agreed to, and the resolu-
i tion, as amended, was adopted.
\ Mr. *BUTLER moved that the committee con-
sist of five members, to be appointed by the Chair.
Mr. WEBSTER, i suppose the committee will
be appointed w hen the other committees are chosen.
That suggestion was acquiesced in.
A message was received from the President of
the United States by Colonel Bliss, his private
secretary.
And, on motion of Mr. WEBSTER, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness; and, after some time spent therein—
The Senate adjourned.
The resolution was laid over under the rules.
A brief personal explanation by Mr. FOOTE,
Mr. BUTLER, and Mr. FITZPATRICK, con-
cerning ft misunderstanding of Mr. Foote and
Mr. Cameron, on Saturday night, and which was
immediately adjusted satisfactorily to the parties,
took place.
STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. CASS inquired, before the Senate proceeded
to execute the order of yesteiday, whether any
provision had been made for the appointment of a
committee on the new Home Department? Every
other department of this Government had a stand-
ing committee of the Senate, and he thought thjs
new department should have one too.
Mr. DICKINSON suggested that it was unne-
cessary to appoint such a committee at the present
session; but that the appointment of such a com-
mittee would doubtless be considered at the next
legislative session.
Mr. BERRIEN also expressed the opinion that
the appointment of such a committee was not now
necessary.
Mr.MANGUM then rose and said, that, accord-
ing to the usages of the Senate, a list of commit-
tees had been prepared, on consultation with the
Senators on the opposite side of the Chamber, and
he was prepared with a resolution to provide for
their appointment. The list of names were in the
i. Dodge of Iowa, Walker, Smith.
!! Committee on Printing—Messrs. Baldwin, Ham-
1, lin.
Committee on Engrossed Bills—Messrs. Jones,
Sebastian.
Committee on the Library—Messrs. Pearce, Ma-
. son, Davis of Mississippi.
Committee on Enrolled Bills—Mr. Rusk.
Committee on ,\*aval Affairs—Messrs. Yulee,
■ Mason, Bii^ht, Badger, Miller.
j: - Select Committee on Election of General Shields—
, Messrs. Benton, Felch, Mason, Webster, Pearce.
, On motion of Mr. YULEE, it was
Ordaed. That Jo.>eph K Bovd h;t\e lca\o to withdraw
cert-mi origin.i! letters pre.-entul with pennon.
On motion of Mr. DICKINSON, it was
Oidcred. That John Enr-sori have, leave to withdraw his
memorial and pipers from the files: <>i the Senate.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of Executive business; and, after some time spent
therein, adjourned.
IN SENATE.
TnrnsDAY, J/«rc/i 8, 1«1^.
The following i evolution, snbmiU'd yesterday
by Mr. Daw*, of Mississippi, was taken up and
considered :
llriolvrd. 'Prt? in the ('{union ni'th" Sr:tnN\ when v.'tean-
eie> occur in !';<• Board oi Rryerii-o{ the Simth-nntan Insti-
tution, hv ih« exjiir:itinii o| ihe irrin of niij Senator, fliti
power to liii  uch varauey b> law in tile i'ie>i<hm
or the .S'-n.it •.
Mr, BENTON. Mr. President, I believe that
the resolution ptoposr-s to declare the meaning nf
an act of It is proposed to declare the
meaning of an act by a resolution of tins body. {
believe, sir, tlrit i* not usual. I In lies e th.u the
only way m which we can constine an at t is by
an act. Such resolutions have hoi ttnfore been
brought before the Senate; but I have never voted
