332
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 9, 12, and 13,
Senate of the U. S. Withdrawal of Papers—Call for Instructions—Report of Select Committee. Special Session.
• IN SENATE.
Friday, March 9, 1849.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
the following communication, which was read:
Washington, March 9, 1849.
Sir: Having agreed to accept the office of Attorney Gen-
eral of the United States, to winch I have been just appoint
efl, I hereby resign my seat in the Senate of the United
States as a Senator of Maryland.
In leaving a body with which I have been so long associ-
ated, T may be pardoned for expressing the deep sensibilities
with which I have ever received the courtesy and confidence
uniformly manifested towards me by every membei with
whom it has been my pride and happiness to serve.
# REVERDY JOHNSON.
To the Hon. Milj.akb Fillmore,
Vice President of the United States.
Mr. PEARCE submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered and agreed to: i
Resolved, That the Vice President be requested to inform j
the Executive of the State of Maryland that the Hon. Rev- i
erdy Johnson has this day resigned his seat in the Senate j i
of the United Slates. j!
PRINTING COMMITTEE. |j
Mr. BORLAND moved that the Senate fill up h
the Printing Committee by the appointment of a
third member, which .was agreed to; and it was
ordered that the appointment be made by the Pre-
siding Officer.
The Vice President appointed Mr. Smith.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. HAMLIN -asked leave to withdraw from
the files of the Senate the papers of Bates & Lacon.
Mr. HALE said it had been suggested that the
The VICE PRESIDENT replied that there was
not.
Mr._ WEBSTER. moved that when the Senate
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. BADGER moved to substitute Tuesday;
which was rejected.
Mr. HAMLIN inquired if they might not rea-
sonably expect some Executive communication at
an earlier day? If any such communication were
received to-morrow, the Senate, by sitting on that !! low that all the products or manufactures of the
day, could refer it, and thus facilitate their busi- J United States may be freely carried in British or
ness; but if they adjourned over, they could not j other foreign ships, from Boston and New York,
nage of the United States. And tlmt trade, as it
is, and is to be hereafter, will employ our shipping
in voyages, some of which will be the longest voy-
ages prosecuted on the globe. They will be voy-
ages from the Atlantic citics, on the north and
northeastern coast, around Cape Horn, to Califor-
nia and Oregon. If any such proposition as it
seems has been suggested should be adopted by
the Government of the United States, it will foi-
even take the,initiative step on any Executive com-
munication.
The motion to adjourn to Monday next was
then agreed to.
And the Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE. ;
Monday, March 12, 1849.
Mr.WEBSTER offered the following resolution: I
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re- :
quested, if in his judgment not incompatible with the public
interests, to transmit to the Senate any instructions which
mgv have been given to the Minister of the United Slates |
in London, offering a further extension'Of reciprocity and :
equality in the laws of navigation ; and especially such in- j
structions, if any. as contemplate the opening of the coast- '
in; trade of the United States to the ships ami-vessels of |
other nations. i
Mr. WEBSTER. This resolution, sir, is offered !
practice of withdrawing papers from the files of ! consequence of infomation received by the:very
the Senate was wrong, unless some good reason I !a fc aliMya' from England. I find jt stated, sir,
was assigned for it, ahd hence he hoped the Sena-
tor from Maine would give some reason for this
application.
Mr, HAMLIN replied that he believed it had
been the general practice to allow papers to be
withdrawn on the application of a Senator. How-
ever, he would give the reason to the Senate which
the parties had given to him. The case of these
parties had been before the House of Representa-
tives, where it was favorably acted upon, and a
bill came to the Senate and was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, which was equally di-
vided upon it, and consequently no report was
made. The parties now wished to have their pa-
pers returned to them, that they mightagain present
their case in a different shape.
Mr. HALE had no objection to the withdrawal
of these papers, but he believed the Senator from
Maine was mistaken in saying that it was the prac-
tice of the Senate to allow papers to be withdrawn
on the application of a Senator. He had a distinct
recollection of a recent case in which the Senatoi
not only to New Orleans, but around the Capes to
our own ports on the Pacific, us freely as they may
be carried in our own vessels.
I repeat, it is not my purpose now to discuss
the great and grave question connected with this
subject, but to ascertain whether it be true, as sug-
gested, that our Minister in England is authorized
to enter into a convention which will uproot, sub-
stantially, the principles of our navigation laws as
they have existed for sixty years. The subject,
I repeat, well deserves the attention of the country.
If the Senate have no objection to pass the res-
olution to-day, I hope it may be passed; but if
any gentleman desires that it should not be acted
on to-day, it may lie over until to-morrow.
The resolution was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. MASON, ordered that Mrs.
Ann Chase ha\e leave to withdraw her memorial
and papers.
Mr. JONES asked to be excused from further
service on the Committee on Claims; which was
agreed to.
On motion of Mr. BRIGHT, ordered that the
1 in the advices by the last steamer at Halifax, and
' transmitted thence by the telegraph, that " M. __   
Labouchere," who is the president of the Board of ! vacancy in the Committee on Claims be filled by
! Trade in England, "has again brought forward ' annointment bv ihe Chsiiiv
' the Government proposition for the modification j
j 'of the navigation laws; and Mr. Bancroft, the •
I ' United States Minister, states that to whatever j
. 'extent in liberality the British Parliament may i
j ' be disposed to legislate in this matter, he is ready j
; 'and willing to sign a convention immediately, i
j ' based upon the most complete reciprocity, so as .
I * tn r npn Imp nnnelino* trafla s\f tlia
appointment by the Chair.
Several messages in writing were received from
the President of the United States by the hands
of Colonel Bliss.
On motion of Mr. MILLER, the Senate then
went into Executive session; and, after some time
spent therein, adjourned.
to open the entire coasting trade of the two coun
' tries to the vessels of both na.tions." ;
My object, sir, for the present is only an inquiry. !
I suppose, if it be the pleasure of the Senate to '
adopt the resolution this morning, it may be an- :j
swered before we finally adjourn. But if there i
be not an opportunity to receive an answer at this
session of the Senate, one part of my purpose will
J at least be accomplished, which is, to draw the
; attention of the country to this most important
- subject. I mean to pronounce no particular opin
from Maryland [Mr. Pearce] called upon a Sen-1 W" P.resem- A" must agree that the subject is
ator to give a reason for such an application. h ra6t,y lmPoctant- And I confess I was a little
Mr. PEARCE corroborated the statement of! star,t'et' 'o find that.the American minister, who is
the Senator from New Hampshire, and said that! n0^ reJT>alniin? i" England, has, at the present
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 13, 1849.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, the select com-
mittee to which was referred the certificate of elec-
tion of the Hon. James Shields to a seat in this
body, with instructions to irfquire into his eligi-
bility to that seat, have had the same under con-
sideration, and, in the absence of their chairman,
the honorable Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Bex-
ton,] have instructed me to make a report accom-
panied with a resolution for the action of the
Senate.
Mr. President, before the committee agreed
upon their report, information was given toGen-
until recently the rule had been enforced which ' i mome.n'  an<l under existing circumstances, offered era' Shields, through the chairman of' the commit-
required a statement to be made, showing the rea-
sons^ for the application, and he should object for
the future unless some reason was given.
Mi. HAMLIN said he had stated the leason •
which the parlies had given to him, and he could 1
only add that no longer ago than yesterday papers i
were withdrawn from the files without the enforce- ■
ment of any such rule. !
Mr. BEIs'TON said the practice of withdrawing ,
papers without the reason being given was wron°- I
"l/'mv1,1?7 t0 a staiuUnS r"!e of the Senate.' !
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, said itwasonly
a fe w years since that a rule was adopted requiring '
copies of such papers as were withdrawn from the
files to be left there; and he had no idea that that
rule had been rescinded, though he supposed it must
have been, some time or other, or it would not be
so much disregarded. He believed it was a fact
to act immediately in a proposition for a convention
to throw open the whole coasting tiade of the
United States freely, and without discrimination
to British vessels. '
I have only two things to suggest for the pres-
ent consideration of the' Senate and the country.
One is, that, if we enter into this reciprocity with' :
Great Britain, and open to her ships and vessels :
the whole coasting tiade of the United States, we ;
are bound, of course, to do the same thing to the
Poweis of the north of Europe, and to admit the
ships and vessels of Bremen and other of the chief
navigating Stales and countries of that part of tile
world to the same piivileges.
j Before this question is to be decided, it would
j be well for us to be brought to a consideration of
the experience which we have had since we opened
the trade between ourselves and certain Powers of
that papers on which an unfavorable report had ' Europe and certain Powers of Ameiica to th
been made had sometimes been abstracted from the ? ' a"d "SSe,S of third Pa!"ties- Al)<> it will
files of the Senate, and hence a stringent rule was ' lJs t0 *sr;c how fa'" the interference of the
adopted requiring copies of all papeis taken from
the custody of the Senate to be left on the files
Mr. BALDWIN explained the circumstances''
ot this case, showing that no unfavorable repoit ■
eklierHoustf ° UP°" "°r adverse act>°n by 1
The motion to withdraw was then agreed to. i
RECESS.
_ r. WEBSi ER inquired if there was anything
before the Senate?
ships and vessels of the northern part of Europe
in the trade between the United States and Brazil
for example, has lessened or increased the interests
of ship-owners in the United States and all those I
concerned in navigation. j
Another thing j.o be considered is this: how in- '
finitely small is the coasting trade proper between '
, the ports of England and her European dominions
, compared with the coasting trade of the United
, Slates. Why, sir, the coasting trade of the Uni-
ted States employs the greater part of all the ton-
■ tee, that if he desired further time to exhibit evi-
dence on his part, the committee would receive
from him the next day any communication he
might desire to make. On the next day the com-
mittee met at the usual hour of 11 o'clock, and,
as no communication came from General Shields'
they proceeded to make their report. . '
I have been requested, however, by General
Shields to say to the Senate that he sent a com-
munication in writing to the committee, but, ow-
ing to some inadvertence of his messenger, that
communication never reached them. It has been
since shown to me, and may be seen by Senators
if desired.
I now present the report which the special com-
mittee instructed me to make.
The Secretary rt-ad the report and resolution, as
follows:
The Seloct C'oommtee to wlnrh ur>referred the ecitili-
cat'i ol elfUion OI tilt- Hon. .lam— Situ I.K to a -eat in this
lHnl\, uiili ni-mictions lo nature into lite eligibility ol (he
*>am JrU!ie< Shit-id- u, -.ueli -t-.it. r< port.
I hat, having giw>n dm; noti< e to the said Jame< Shields,
he appeared beiore them, and they took the subject into
eon-id< lation.
They further report that thf- snnl crrtificnte of election
declares that the said James Shields was chosen a Stnator
of the Cmtcl State* by the L-eMauiio of the State of Illi-
not-? ott the Kith daj of Janu iry la^t; that it further appear*,
and is admitted hy the «ud James Shit-Ids, that lie i- an
alien by birth, and (he only proof before the committee of I lie
naturalization of the said J.une> Shields in the United Suites
is contained in the copv of a certificate of naturalization In
the circuit court of Rrtinglmtn comity, m the cmd State of
Ihinos-, which j* annexed to and -made part of this report,
by whicli certificate it appears that the >aui James Slmhh
