1849.]
APPENDIX-TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
333
Senate of the U. S.
Case of General Shields—Debate.
Special Session.
was admitted by &ivtd court a citizen of the United States on
the 2I*t day of October, 1S40
The committee therefore report the following resolution :
Reiolved, That the election of James Shields to be, a Sen-
ator of tno United s?tate3 was votd, he not having been a
citizen of the United States the term of years required as a
qualification to he a Senator ot tho United States.
Ex Parte—Jam*,* Shields.
This <-]av per.-onally appeared hi open court James Shields,
and made nrid filed the lollowmgdeclaration: Jaines Shields,
being duly sworn in open court, declares on oath that he was
born in the cutmty ol T> roue, in the kingdom of 11 eland, on
the 17th day of m.tgt, about the year 1810; that he emigrated
to the United States while a minor,and continued to reside
within the United States three j'ears next pieceding hia
arriving at the agevof twenty-one jeais, and has continued
to roide theiem since to the present time ; he is now up-
wjikU ol'twenty-one years of age, and has resided upwaids
of five years within the State of Illinois aforesaid, one of !
the United States; that it is Ins intention to become a citizen
ol the United States, and to renounce forever all alhgiance
and frlehty to any foreign prince, potentate, state, or sover-
eignly, and p.mieularly to the sovereign of Great Biitam and
Ii eland; and he further declares that for three ve<tr  next
preceding the piesent application it has been his bona fide
intention to become a citizen of the United States.
JAMES SHIELDS.
Subscribed and sworn to in open court this 21^1 day of i!
October, 1840. WM. H. BLAKELY, Clerk of taid court. }'
This dav personally appeared in open court James Shields, i
a free white person, upwards of twenty-one years ot aire, J
and applied to be admitted to become a uli&en of the United
States, and who, being duly sworn,declares on oath in open j
court that he will support the Constitution of the United ,
States, and doth absolutely and entirely renounce and abjure i
all allegiance and fidthtyto any foreign pnncc. potentate, 1
state, oi sovereignty whatsoever and particularly of thesov- ;
creign of Great Butain and Ireland, wiiereof he was born a !
subject; and the court being satisfied that he has fully com- j
plied with the requirements of the laws of the United States ■
on the subject of naturalization, and that he has resided 1
within the United States upwaids of five years, and within j
• the State of Illinois upwards of one year next preceding this {
application, and that during the whole of the time of his :
residence™ the United States he has behaved as a man of 1
good moral character, attached to the principles of the Con- i
stitution of the United States, and well disposed to the good
older and happiness of the same: It is therefore ordeied and !
adjudged, that the said Jame« Shields he admitted a citizen :
of the United States, and that he is hereby admitted as such. I
State of Illinois, Effingham county: >
I, John S. Kelly, clerk of the circuit court in and for the-
said county, certiiy that the foregoing is a true copy ot the >
record of naturalization in the case of James Shields, en- :
tered. as appears upon the recoid, on the 21st day of Octo- 1
ber, A. D. 1840. :
Given under my hand and private seal, there'being no ;
official seal yet provided lor said coui t, at Effingham, ;
[L.s.J this 3ist day of January. A. D. 1811. j
JOHN S. KELLY, Clerk. ,
The VICE PRESIDENT stated the question !
to he on the adoption of the resolution. [
Mr. SHIELDS rose and spoke as follows: Mr. j
President, I shall take the liberty of saying a few
words before the Senate adopt that resolution. It
may be the only opportunity I shall ever have to
address this body, and therefore 1 shall occupy its
attention for a few minutes at this time.
The objection to my eligibility has arisen in this
body itself. There is no competitor here to cop-
test my right to a seat in the Senate of the United
States. J°had an honorable and a high-minded
opponent befoie the Legislature of my State—a
member of the opposite party, General Thornton
—and, I think, from my knowledge of that gen- i
tleman, that no inducement could have operated ;
upon him to come here and contest my seat on j
these grounds. _ _ • j
There is no memorial, no petition, no appli-
cation from the State of Illinois questioning my j
right to a seat in the Senate of the United States, i
Though I have a large party opposed to me in j
that State—and an influential and a respectable !
party—though I have enemies in my own party, j
as all public men have, I have sufficient confidence
in and sufficient knowledge of my State to believe
that there are not five men in that State capable of
presenting a memorial to eject me from the Senate
of the United States on these grounds.
From the time I have resided there—seventeen
years; from the number of offices I have there
held a member of the Legislature, requiring nat-
uralization—an auditor of the public accounts, re-
quiring naturalization—a judge of the Supreme
Court'reqmrins; the same qualification—Commis-
' sioner of the General Land Office—a general m
the United States army—even, sir, three days
Governor of Oregon—all requiring the same—and
now Senator elect from that State—I think I may
feel assured that my risht would not now be con-
tested by any citizen of Illinois. . The gentleman
who has raised the objection—the Senator fiom
Wisconsin, [Mr. Walker]—had a perfect light
to do so. I do not complain, sir, of his conduct.
Perhaps it was his duty to do so. But, sir, the
objection having been made—the certificate of my
State having been lefused on the first day of the
present session—the question having been referred
to an honorable, a talented, and an influential com-
mittee, I have made up my mind, and have deter-
mined to act upon it, to remain entirely passive,
to let the matter take its course, to submit to the
decision of this honorable body, and to throw my-
self again upon my State. To my own State, sir,
I shall appeal, and hear what she has to pay; and
if she deserts me now, if my State does not answer
to the appeal which I am about to make to her, I
will say further, that it is my intention (though I
have endeavored to prove ray fidelity to my coun-
try by every act of my life) never to offer myself
again for office in the United States.
Mr. President, the committee have acted upon
the evidence before them. They could give no
other decision upon that evidence. If necessary I
could explain that evidence now. I could explain
the circumstances in which 1 have been'placed.
But, sir, I have been guilty of too much rashness
already. I have been guilty of an indiscretion
since I came to this city that has pained me more
titan would my ejection from this body. I have
committed errors. I have committed a wrong in
writing a letter to a gentleman, recently a member
of this body. I acknowle_dge my error; I admit
my fault before the innate of the United States and
before the country. When two kind, generous,
and considerate friends called upon me and pointed
out to me the improper character of that letter—(I
hope the Senate will tolerate me in these remarks)
—and the injurious construction of which it was
susceptible, I authorized them to withdraw it
' immediately, and make any reparation in their
power.
And now, standing: here before the Senate of the
United States—before this honorable body—and I
would say it before the bar of God, to which I shall
in time be called—I disavow the construction which
: has been put on that letter. I disavow it in toto.
! I am incapable of such a thought—I mean of men-
1 acing assassination. Sir, I could call up every man ;
I who has been acquainted with me in the United j'
: States to disavow so injurious an imputation. I ;l
could call up the gentleman who has put that con- !
j struction upon my letter, and he, sir, could testify I
that, so far from menacing him with assassination, ].
I hazarded and periled my own life in the town of j
, Belleville, where I reside, by thrusting myself be- j
tvveen him and assassination. j
Mr. President, I do not make this statement by j
i way of complaint. I make it for the purpose of j
extenuating iny indiscretion, and to exculpate my- j
i self from the injurious imputation which has been |
attempted to be cast upon me. My determination j
is, sir, to submit myself to the action of the Senate. ■
; To the decision of this body 1 will bow submis-
sively, and then I will go to my constituents and
■ appeal to them to leinstate me here.
1 wish, therefore, sir, no opposition to be made
i by any friend of mine to the adoption of the reso- j
' lution which has been reported by the committee.
1 Mr. WEBSTER, (in his seat.) Very handsome.
, very handsome.
j Mr. TURNEY. From the view which I take
■ of the constitutional aspect of this question, I feel
I constrained to say that I cannot vote for any such
!' resolution as is here presented to the Senate. I
II understand that the Constitution simply prescribes
: that a Senator, to be eligible to a seat here, must
I! have been a citizen of theUnited States nine years,
' and that he must be thirty years of age befoie he
'' is qualified to take a seat in this body. The corn-
'i mittee who make this report state, that General
i' Shields was naturalized in October, 1840, and that,
i! consequently, he has not been a citizen of the
!! United States nine years; but, sir, if he had onto
'i been a citizen of the United States three days,
1 could not vote for a resolution which assumes that
i, he was .eligible for election as a Senator, but not,
'! after that election has taken place, to take a seat
ii in this body. Suppose that he had been elected a
ii boy, before lie was thirty years of age, and pre-
: sented himself six months after he had arrived at
] the age of thirty, would you declare him ineligible
■ because of his minority at the tune of his election.
'! Surely, sir, if he is old enough when he ohers
ii himself for his seat, that is all the Constitution
requires. I have heard it remarked, over and over
again, that many gentlemen were elected as Sena-
tors before they were thirty years of age. I have
heard it said of a distinguished gentleman from
Kentucky, (Mr. Clay,) that he was elected a Sen-
ator previous to his.arnviag at the age required by
the Constitution. Certainly this election was riot
founded upon the peculiar wording of the Consti-
tution. When does General Shields become a
Senator? Is it at the moment of his election?
Surely not until he has taken his oath of office. I
i cannot vote for this resolution, notwithstanding
j the request of General Shields that we should for-
1 bear from making any opposition to the report of
] the committee. 1 could not satisfy my conscience
| or convince my judgment of the justice of the res-
| olution, by acquiescing in the principle to be sur-
! rendered by its adoption.
! One word further. The adjudication of this
i case, I think, should have been postponed upon
I the application of General Shields. I know noth-
i ing peisonaily in relation to the citizenship of Gen-
< eral Shields, but I am informed that the constitu-
i tion of Illinois requires a member of the General
! Assembly of the State to have been a citizen of
! the United States. General Shields was elected t<?
' that body, and a committee was appointed to in-
quire into the fact of General Shields's eligibility,
and they sustained him in his claim to a member-
' ship of that body. This fact -might have been
! placed before the committee, I suppose; but that
' is a matter personal to General Shields, and with
! which I have nothing to do. I would simply re-
mark, that in relation to the construction given to
; the Constitution in the leport of the committee*
■ now before us, I entirely disagree; I cannot, there-
1 fore, vote for the resolution.
Mr. FOOTE was understood to coincide tfith
; the remarks made by the Senator from Tennessee,
! [Mr. Turkey;] but at the request of several Sen-
.1 ators around him, he would not enter into any
; remarks at length upon the question; he would
i simply move that the further consideration of the
resolution be postponed until the first Monday in
December next.
| The PRESIDING OFFICER stated the ques-
' tion, when—
: Mr. MASON inquired if the motion was deba-
table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER replied in the
affirmative.
Mr. MASON. From what has fallen from Sen-
ators m this discussion, it appears proper that I
should say a few words with reference to the courre
of the committee upon this question. The case,
as it stood before the committee, is shown by the
document which has been'made a .part of their
report, which is a copy of the record of a court of
competent jurisdiction in the State of Illinois. That
, record shows that General Shields was naturalized
j in the State of Illinois in the month of October,
! 1840. That record also, containing evidence which
| it was necessary-to exhibit to the court to entitle
| General Shields to nuturahzation, shows, first, that
| he was of foreign birth; and, secondly, that he
became a naturalized citizen of the United States
I in October, 1840. That was the position of the
! case as it stood before the committee. As 1 re-
! marked a few minutes ago, General Shields was
informed by the committee, after this evidence had
1 been referred to them, and before they had acted
, on the subject, if he desired to exlnuit any evi-
' dence on his part, to alter the case, as it appeared
from the record, or if he desired time to enable
' him to produce such evidence, they would leceive
| such communication from him, at their next meet-
I in0-, of which he was then notified. As I temaiked
| on presenting the report, no such communication
: was received; and the committee accordingly pro-
ceeded to prepare their report on the. facts before
' them. After that was done, and the day follow ing,
General Shields called on me, and stated that he had
sent a note in writing to the committee pursuant
( to their suggestion; butj by mistake of his mes-
senger, it was not delivered; that ntytc was shown
f to me; but, on consultation with some members
of the committee informally, it was determined,
! and,Nas I undeistood, with the assent ot General
' Shields, that if he desired any action upon the eon-
: tents of his note, it should be by communicating
i it to the Senate. The case, then, as presented, is,
!i first, that he was of foreign birth; and, secondly,
