336
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 13,
Senate of the U. S.
Case of General Shields—^Debate.
Special Session.
which bear upon this point; but I do not deem it *
necessary to go into tliem at this time, because I ,
firmly believe that the language of the Constitu- ;
tion, if carefully examined, will show that this is '
the true construction of it. And, sir, I regard it |
as being important that the Constitution should
receive a true construction in this case, for two
reasons: first, it is important, because, if we de-
cide that not havftig been for nine years a citizen
of the United States at the time of the election is
a disqualification, it will be held as a precedent to
govern future cases; and, secondly, it is a reflec-
tion on my State for electing a person whose elec-
tion was void at the very time when he was so
elected. But, in regard to the first, this construc-
tion is to be put upon the clause of the Constitu-
tion now, because thS committee say that the same
construction was placed upon it in Mr. Gallatin's
case. Jf we are to take up a decision heretofore
made, and be governed by it in regard to the con-
struction to be given to the Constitution, no matter
years, is not eligible to a- seat in this body. That
may be the case. The only doubt on my mind is,
whether the time is to be matured at the- period
wfien the functions of the office as Senator would
devolve upon him, or whether at the time when he
is 3worn in. I am inclined to think, from the lan- [
anxious to adjourn. There is to be no session of
the Legislature of Illinois before Congress meets
again. The State would not then be deprived of
any opportunity that she would otherwise have
had of electing another Senator.
The Legislature of Illinois does not meet, under
guage of the Constitution, that if he is eligible at || the constitution of the State, until a year from
the time he is sworn in, that is all that is required
and that if he is sworn in before he is eligible, and
becomes eligible before you get him out, you can-
not oust him from his seat at all.
The language of your resolution, then, must be,
that General Shields is not now eligible to a seat
; next January, though there may possibly be an
| extra session within that time. To postpone the
| question, then, until next December could oper-
1 ate no inconvenience to the Senate and no incon-
1 venience to the Legislature of Illinois. And what
makes me the more sensitive on this point is, that
in the Senate of the United Slates. Will you turn !, it may be considered questionable whether, under
a man out who is now eligible? Certainly not, if j[ the resolution which is reported by the committee,
his election was not void, and I apprehend it was I! and proposed to be adopted by the Senate, the
not void at the time when it took place. And the Governor of Illinois could appoint at all. This
Senate, upon examination, will see that the elec- body so decidedin the case of the Senator from
tion was not void, although it may be that he is :< Connecticut, when the period of service of the
not entitled to hold his seat here. Upon the face Senator having expired, and no election being had,
of the record attached to the report it would seem ;j the Governor of the State could not appoint, and
how erroneous that opinion may be, I apprehend , that he is not now entitled to hold-his seat here, ;i the State had to remain unrepresented until the
it will be a difficult matter to reverse that decision i| though it may be that the report is susceptible of 11 next meeting of the Legislature.
after it has again been confirmed by a vote of the j explanation. I would have liked very much to see j( Mr. BADGER. The Senator„has mistaken the
Senate at a period of fifty or sixty years distant
from the time of the first decision. And, sir, I do
hot understand that such a construction was given
in Mr. Gallatin's case. I think that the Senator
from Virginia who made this report is, to some
extent, mistaken in comparing it with Mr. Galla-
tin's case. I recollect Mr. Gallatin was held not
to be a citizen at all. I know, at least, that has
always been the impression on my mind in regard
to that case. Mr. Gallatin was an alien by birth;
he had been in this country for some years, and
went? to Virginia and purchased lands. It was
found that he was about to forfeit? the lands that
he had purchased, because he was an alien; but
there was a statute of the State of Virginia which
authorized aliens to hold lands in that State, pro-
vided they would take an oath of allegiance; and
Mr. Gallatin, though residing in another Slate at
the time, in order to save his lands in Virginia, did
take an oath of allegiance to the State of Virginia.
And that is the state of facts agreed upon m the
report which has been referred to. " Between
' this last-mentioned period and the month of Octo-
' ber, 1785, he purchased lands in Virginia to a i
' considerable amount, and took an oath of alle- '
' giarice to the State of Virginia," &c.
Whether he complied with the naturalization
laws of Virginia does not appear. My impression
is that he did not take all the requisite steps to
make himself a citizen of the State of Virginia, but
that he merely took the oath which would enable
him to hold lands in that State, under a statute
having the right to confer special privileges with
g the person possessing those privi"
a citizen. The Senator from Virginia is also mis
taken in saying that the nine years in Mr. Galla-
tin's case had run, from the time he took the oath
of allegiance to Virginia, before the time of taking
his seat in the Senate.
Mr. MASON. I think, if the Senator will look
at the record, he will find that, as far as I stated
the facts that form the report, 1 stated them cor- ,
recti y.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I find in the report the fol- j
lowing statement: [Mr. Douclas quoted from the :
report.]
That would make the nine years run into Octo- <
ber, 1794. Mr. Gallatin was elected to the Senate
from Pennsylvania in February, 1793, and took ,
his seat in December following, which would be,
according to the report, before the nine years'citi-
zenship had expired. Hence the question did not
arise, whether the natuialization of Virginia was a
good naturalization or not; nor did the question
whether the report was not capable of some ex-
planation. .The Senator says there it is, I can
examine it. I have examined it-, and if I were
character of that case. There was an approaching
termination of the Senator's term, and the Legis-
lature had not provided for filling the vacancy, and
disposed,to be technical, I might oslc the Senate to j t the Governor undertook to fill by appointment
disregard it. It is no record at all.
Mr. WEBSTER. We have the admission that
he is a foreijner by birth.
Mr. DQUGLAS. Whether we have the admis-
sion of his being a foreigner by birth or not, does
not make the least difference. The question for
the committee to determine is not whether he is a
foreigner by birth, but whether he has been a
citizen of the United States for nine years. The
committee are perhaps correct in the conclusion to
February a vacancy which was to occur on the
; 4th of March. The Senate determined that the
I commission was void, because the Governor could
' do nothing but fill an existing vacancy,
j Mr. DOUGLAS. It is the principle that I am
j contending for; and the principle that has always
! been acted upon is this, that when a Senatorial
\ term expires, and there is no session of the Legis-
I lature held, the Governor cannot appoint fo fill the
vacancy merely because the Legislature has failed
which they have come upon that point. I will notto do its duty. Tennessee was without Senators
undertake to say that their statement can be dis-. I for one whole Congress, I believe; and other States
proved. I was merely endeavoring to show the have gone unrepresented. Iowa was unrepre-
reason why I would like to see the report reversed. Sented for two years. It is true, she never had
Some years ago General Shields and I served in |J been represented in the Senate of the United States;
the Illinois Legislature together. It required citi- :■ but the reason why the Governor could notappoint
zenship to make us eligible. I know some ques- r was, it was not a vacancy, within the meaning of
tion was raised out of doors as to iiis eligibility at ( the Constitution, which gives the appointment to
that time, but I do not recollect that there was any ! the Governor of the State. Now, you propose to
formal decision of the question. I believe a reso-| decide, by this resolution that the election was
iution was offered, and it was afterwards with- j; void. Well, the election being void, there was no
drawn, lie was afterwards made Auditor of Pub-; election. So, then, you propose to decide that
lie Accounts for that State, about the highest civil |j there was no election in Illinois at all. Hence
oiti.ee ln. f te'ate- Subsequently, he was elected jj there will be no such vacancy as will authorize the
Judge oi the {supreme Court. And, sir, I would h Governor to make the appointment. You are
like to see upon what ground it is that resistance is jj going to say, therefore, that Illinois shall be un-
now raised against General Shields holding office, ,j represented from this lime until a year from next
when for many years past he has been filling im- ;j January, when the Legislature again meets under
. "i- r ■ • ° . ■— .yPortant stations without a question being raised, the constitution of the State Yon havp pithfr «nt
a" ,^n'ngTt CSv£.n£8fsTo& "T heret°f°H hUShed l-he Toice °f:' to do ^disfrancSthelmte for that Ien|"h
a citizen. The Senator from Vngin a is also m s- ; his enemies, so that not a whisper was heard as to of time, or else put the State to the expense of
tic A- >1 H fh ' fi.V1Qa '"f °a 'j]e 9°"s'"u'lon or rights of holding a special session of the Legislature. I do
'I ,ate, A"d-th'? has been going on for years, ;! hope, especially as the clause of the Constitution
I eveiy o y acquiescing, and the State Legislature under which you are acting, does not require you
If imc; and time again affirming his appointments to j to make any decision, that the language of the
I the highest offices in the State, until at length they : resolution, if passed at all, will be changed so as
ave sen iim here. And, sir, it certainly appeared :< to recognize the legality of the election; then you
to me that it vvas a little indecorous towards that can pass your own opinion as to whether an ap-
otate/or thisbody to raise an objection which no , plicant here has a right to retain his seat or not.
1 The election may have been valid, and yet you
' may have-the power, under the Constitution, to
: vacate it.
j Mr. "WEBSTER. I am very sorry that this
■ debate has arisen; if it had not been entered upon
at all, it would have been more satisfactory to the
, Senator from Illinois himself; but I perceive that
, it is likely to be extended, and as I diiler entirely
with the honorable Senator who has just resumed
. naturalization or not; nor did the question ! ment now. I do not know'but that if'I wore in 1 ^ s®at in reSard .'o the construction of the Con-
auseon that occasion, whether the period must j| General Shields's place I would take the course !' StltUt10?'1 am (ifslro sI ad'dressing to tlhe Senate
! hpin maim-*,-? of  u~ _.. <• i * . , , . i . >*oum laue tne couise a very few words on the subject.
man in the State ever thought of raising, and to
turn out of these halls the man upon whom the
choice of the State fell.
I thought, sir, that it was a duty which devolved
upon me, as representing that State fh part, to
make these suggestions; and, sir, but for the ap-
peal that lias been made by General Shields to
| myself, I should have insisted before this body
| that the report of the committee should be dis-
agreed to. I feel it my duty to make this state-
I think I would !
Gallatin case, when they quoted that case to sus-
tain the conclusion at which they have arrived in
this case.
tuai i . — i' * hold, most unquestionably, that the election
fmL'id in !! was ^ause the person upon whom the dec-
have be«n matured at the time of the election, or II he has taken; I think 1 would
at the time of taking his seat. Hence the commit- say, that inasmuch as no
G^ulin whenetC" !< {& ™ State to. raise this objection-, • tion fell was not competent to'discharge the func
fimmfoh «, Xt"men ,e ">ust have enemies- j' dons of the office that wasintended to be conferred
ve'ars 1 woiiiil I1 f . e."" v°i«s for j Up0n him; that is to say, to be a Senator from the
I therefore insist that this resolution which de- ! of thl    i ?C_ L ,ut °? be!ialf | 3d of March, J849, for six years.
Now,
arisen
years preceding the 5th of
March, 1649, therefore lie is not eligible; or that
General Shields, not having been a citizen for nine
outofif-Vertair ! !?e o0 ll!*ve years, and await the lapse of three years before
cause we are fllmMi rJ J "I""2 r' Sersate, be- il commencing his period of service, as it may be
a y to adjourn, and are all j) said that he may be elected and await the lapse of
