1849.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
837
Senate of the U. S.
Case of General Shields—Debate.
New Series No. 22.
nine months. That proposition is so clear that I
think a I title reflection will satisfy every gentle-
man on the subject.
But my purpose in rising was^-for I dare say
there are other gentlemen who desire to be heard
on the subject—to move that the#further consid-
eration of the report be postponed until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate went
into Executive business.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 14, 1849.
The "VICE PRESIDENT stated the question
to be on the motion made yesterday to postpone
the further consideration of the resolution declaring
" that the election of James Shields to be a Senator
was void,"&c., to the first Monday in December
next.
Mr. WEBSTER. Mr. President, I heard it
suggested in some quarters of the Senate yesterday
that the resolution as it stands may be made ac-
ceptable, probably, with the addition of a word or
two, in some degree explanatory. Such a sugges-
tion was made by the honorable member from
Maine, and, I believe, by the honorable member
from New York.
Mr, HAMLIN. Notby me,hutbymy colleague.
Mr. WEBSTER. If, therefore, the honorable
member from Mississippi [Mr. Foote] will allow
his motion to be withdrawn, and the resolution be
so qualified, the Senate may dispose of the subject
at once; or it may be done if the Senate decide
adversely on the motion to postpone. *
The question was then taken on the motion to
postpone, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. DOUGLAS rose and said he wou^ like to
have the question distinctly understood, and that
the vote should be taken by yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DICKINSON. Before the question is taken,
I should like to know whether the person most
interested in it desires the proposed postponement.
He has not asked for it, and if he does not, I see
no reason why we should vote for it.
Mr. RUSK. I shall vote for the postponement.
I see no injury that can result from it. At the
commencement of the next session of Congress
there will be very little business before the Senate,
.and the important questions which this case in-
volves can then be maturely considered. The
postponement will give every Senator an opportu-
nity to examine the case, and it will afford the
claimant himself time to reflect on the matter; and
if he becomes satisfied that he is ineligible by the
Constitution of the United States, it will put him
in a position in which he can resign his seat and
allow the Legislature of Illinois to reelect him.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Legislature of Illinois
will not meet again for a year from next January.
Mr. RUSK. Under these circumstances, 1 will
vote for the postponement.
Mr. ATCHISON. If the claimant for the seat
asks for a postponement, I will vote for it. If he,
or his friends on his behalf, will say that they ex-
pect to introduce further testimony to show that
he is entitled to his seat, I will most cheerfully vote
for it; but I do not believe that it would be at all i
beneficial to him, unless he does expect to be able
to produce further testimony. On the other hand, ,
I believe it would work an injury to him. It ,
strikes me that the only question involved in this j
matter is this: Was General Shields eligible to a
seat in the United States Senate at the time of his
election, or at the time that his Senatorial functions
commenced, oil the 4th day of March? To make
him eligible, he must have been a citizen of the :
United States for nine years; and from the testi- ;
rnony before us, he was not. The term of nine
years since his naturalization will not have expired
before the 21st of October next, so that there can- •
not, by any possibility, any good result to him by
a postponement. If 1 could believe that by post-
ponement he would then be eligible, I would vote
for it; or if General Shields wi.l suggest, or any ,
friend for him, that they have further important ;
testimony to offer, I will not ask what it is, but I '•
will vote for the postponement. If he can make
out a stronger case for himself than he has hitherto
presented, I will afford him an opportunity to do so,
so far as my vote will go towards the accomplish-
ment of that object. j
Mr. SHIELDS. Lest my silence should be
mistaken, I will take the liberty, Mr. President,,
of stating, that when I sent the communication to
the committee, which, by the inadvertence of my
messenger, was not delivered, I intended never to
return to this body, to subject myself to the annoy-
ance to which I have been subjected; I did not
intend to return, unless I could come with the
most.incontestable evidence of my right to a seat.
If I could not obtain such evidence, it was my in-
tention to resign at my own time, and in my own
way; and then, if I returned at all, it should be
with a new appointment. Such were my inten-
tions when I attempted to present a communication
to the committee which has had this matter in
charge; and, as that communication failed to reach
them, and as the report now stands adverse to my
claim, I felt, as I said yesterday, that I would make
no further effort. At that time I felt that I should
derive some advantage from a postponement. I
thought it would give me an opportunity to seek
for further testimony; and if I failed to procure it,
I could resign at home, where I could present to
the Governor of my State my resignation, and
come back with an appointment from him, if he
would give me one; or wait for the meeting of my
State Legislature, and then ask for a reelection.
Now, sir, I shall quietly and passively submit to
the decision of this honorable body.
Mr. SEWARD lam unwilling to vote against
the postponement, which might, seem to be an act
of courtesy, if it was desired by the Senator from
Illinois, whose seat is the subject of the present
question. But I cannot shut my eyes to the con-
sequence of voting for a postponement, unless that
vote shall be understood, with the reasons and the
ground for it. The view which I have taken of
this subject is in part that which has been taken
by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas.^ The
qualification of naturalization for a period of nine
years, is a qualification which is not required at the
time of election, but a qualification which must
exist at the commencement of his term of service;
and I had risen for the purpose of suggesting an
amendment to the resolution yesterday, when the
Senator from Massachusetts rose and moved the
postponement of the question—an amendment
which would have made the resolution express that
what I believe the Senator from Massachusetts now
desires it to express, namely, that the Senator from
Illinois is not entitled to a seat in this Senate. If,
then, the question is now on postponement, a vote
for a postponement would be 
Mr. WALKER. Will the Senator from New
York allow me to call his attention to the terms of
an amendment which I have prepared? It is in
these words:
Resolved, That the Hon. James Shields is ineligible to a
seat in the Senate of the United States, as a member tiiereof.
Mr. SEWARD. I suppose that resolution would
meet my views, unless there be some criticism on
the word "eligible," instead of the word "enti-
tled." Now, a vote to postpone the further con- !
sideration of this ease to December next, implies a j
want of preparation to vote on the case as it exists I
now; or else it may seem to imply a belief on the j
part of those who vote for it, that a different case !
may be presented at the next session. But I agree j
with the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Atchison,] J
that this case is not to be changed, unless it be by j
presenting evidence to show to the Senate, at ils
meeting in December, that the Hon. James Shields ■
had been naturalized nine years prior to the 4th of j
March. If the Senator from Illinois, or his friends 1
for him, will say that they expect to be able, or
hope to be able to furnish evidence of that kind—
evidence going to that conclusion—it is a courtesy
due to the Senator, and due to the State of Illinois,
to grant a postponement. But if the Senate is to
be left with the conclusion that the facts upon j
which this report is based cannot be changed, it '
strikes me that those only can vote for a postpone- :
merit who are not prepared to say that naturaliza-
tion for nine years previous to the 4th of March is J
a qualification for a Senator. It is under these '
views that, while, as an act of courtesy, if it were
required, I would vote for a postponement, I can- !j
not vote for it because my mind is made up on the
present aspect of the case, and that the qualiiica- -
tion cannot mature or ripen before the first Monday [
of December next, or any future time. i
Mr. DOUGLAS. Will the Senator permit a ii
word of explanation? I didl understand my col-
league to say that he hoped to produce evidence
which would render his seat at the next session
incontestable.
Several Senators. Oh no, he did not say so.
Mr. DOUGLAS. And that if he failed in that—
and such was his object in applying to the commit-
tee for a postponement—he would not trouble this
body again, nor come here, unless by a new ap-
pointment or a reelection.
Mr. SEWARD. It still presents itself to me in
the same aspect. I scarcely need say that I have
as little respect for the political wisdom which pre-
scribed the qualification of that provision of the
Constitution as anybody; but it is the duty of the
Senate to meet the question directly and promptly;
and the case is embarrassed rather than assisted
by the statement of the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Douglas.] He gives us but the alternative, either
that the Senator [Mr. Shields] wiH return the next
session with incontestable evidence of his right, oi""
with a new appointment based on his resignation.
The last is an alternative which the Senate cannot
admit, and which, for one, I cannot consent to take
into consideration. The other is an alternative
which would induce me to give my vote in favor
of a postponement, if the Senator will state that
such is his expectation. Under such circumstances,
the postponement would be a courtesy due both to
the Senator himself and to the State of Illinois.
Mr. FOOTE. I understand the Senators from
Massachusetts and from New York both to agree
in one pioposition. I understand each of those
Senators distinctly to declare, that if there was an
intimation given by the honorable claimant of a
seat here, or his friends, that he either hoped or
expected to obtain additional evidence to support.
his claim to a seat, they would vote for the post-
ponement.
Mr. SEWARD. That is so.
Mr. FOOTE. If those Senators had either been
here yesterday, or had read the papers of this
morning, they would have seen that the Senator
from Illinois did say that he believed it was in his
power, if the postponement which he asked for had
been agreed to, to produce evidence to answer and
explain the allegations of the record on which the
report of the committee is made; but, under the
circumstances, he declined doing so. Now, what
was that but a clear intimation of his belief, whether
erroneous or not, that there is testimony in exist-
ence, if time were allowed him to procure and pre-
sent it to this body. There is the evidence both
of the Senator himself, and of his colleague, [Mr.
Dofclas,] that he does hope to obtain additional
testimony in support of his present claim: and that,
in the event of his not doing so, he would scorn to
come back here unless it were by a different au-
thority. Now, why that should change the posi-
tion or weaken the claim of General Shields, I
cannot understand. The eentlemen declare that if
they can have a reasonable belief that he expects
! or hopes to obtain additional testimony, they are
i willing to support the motion to postpone. Well,
j the Senator from Illinois says he hopes that he
I shall be able to obtain evidence in addition to that
before us. Hope, sir, is a complicated sentiment,
embracing both desire and expectation, so that
hope is expectancy.
Mr. WEBSTER. There is a very plain course
to take, and only one consistent with the dignity
of the Senate, with the respect due to the gentle-
man elected a member of this body, and with the
rights of the State of Illinois—and when I speak
of the rights of the State of Illinois, and the respect
due to her, I speak of a higher and deeper senti-
ment than mere courtesy. Now, in the first place,
there is no desire expressed or intimated by the
honorable member who is the most interested in
this case for any delay, and it is most extraordi-
nary that his colleague or any other Senator should
argue this case as if there were such a desire on
his part.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I hope the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts will allow me to say that if he will look
at my argument he will not find the slightest allu-
sion to any desire of my colleague that I should
take such a course. I did that which I conceived
to be due from me to my State, and not in con-
sequence of any desire of his. On the contrary, I
stated to the Senate that I should have urged it
with more pertinacity but for the appeal which waa
