342
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 15,
Senate of the U. S.
Case of General Shields—Debate.
Special Session.
if not a rightful exercise of power. • It proves
that the office is filled. Now, look at the Con-
stitution. Does it take a distinction between a
ie facto Member or Senator and one who is right-
fully such? Not at all. The impression is, when
vacancies occur, by resignation or otherwise; and
the Constitution provides that an investigation shall
be had by the Legislature, and that nonage, alien-
age, and conviction on impeachment shall consti-
tute grounds of refffSval. But when the office
becomes vacant by such a removal, the question
is not whether it was properly and rightfully filled;
for, if it had been rightfully filled, you never could
have removed the incumbent. Then the Constitu-
tion provides for making a vacancy, because the
individual has not the necessary constitutional
qualifications. And here is a palpable case. An
indivitjuSl is found not to possess the necessary
qualifications. It is a reason why the Senate has
a right to remove him. Well, sir, if it is declared
that he cannot hold his seat, in consequence of
not possessing the constitutional qualifications,
then the vacancy has occurred according to the
provisions of the Constitution. Now, sir, this idea
of General Shields being an alien is entitled to no
more weight and consideration with Senators than
if he had not attained the age of thirty years, the
other constitutionalrequisite. Not a particle. It
is a disqualification in either case. But the dis-
qualification, which upon investigation is declared
by the Senate, takes effect only from the time of
forming the judgment of the Senate. From that
time the vacancy exists; before that, the title to the
seat was valid. Now, sir, if analogous cases can
have any influence at all, there can be no difficulty
about this subject. We have laws, in most of the
States, declaring certain offices to be incompatible
with each other; and it has happened in repeated
instances that individuals holding incompatible
offices have attempted to discharge the duties of
both. They hold the commissions of two offices.
Having accepted an additional office, which is in-
compatible with the former, and undertaking to
exercise the functions of the former office, they
.often become wrong-doers. But, as regards third
persons, the acts are valid; as in the case of ser-
vice of process by a sheriff who has accepted a
subsequent office, and still continuing to exercise
the functions of sheriff, having the commission
and the qualifications the service is a good service.
Sir, can rt be said that the office is void } Not at
all. Neither can it be said that an office is not
filled, because the individual who holds it happens
to be an alien at the time he does hold it. He may
discharge the duties of the office, though he cannot
be said to do so rightfully. What more can be
done, in the discharge of the duties of a Senator
here, than to vote upon questions that are pre-
sented ? This, so far as it goes, is fulfilling the
duties of the office of Senator. But these functions
are to cease. "When are they to cease? When the
Senate shall have determined that there is some
pCTSonal disability, by reason of which the indi-
vidual has no right to discharge the duties of the
office. Now, if I am right in this, it does seem to
me that we ought to take some little time to con-
sider; at all events, a matter of such magnitude
ought not to be pressed upon us with so much
haste. If it be permitted to lie over until to-mor-
row, it will give us time to consider in what way
it will be proper for us to decide.
I see no reason why you may not permit the
resignation to take effect. I am inclined to think,
if these views be correct, that there is no necessity
for forcing upon us the constitutional exception,
although I am of opinion that General Shields had
,to him, Not so fast; I k-now you are.under the ]
constitutional age; it is a ground for your removal, ,
and I will not let your resignation be accepted. '
Sir, I see no reason why we should act in that ,
way. The fact of ineligibility is brought'home to
the individual; and when that is done, he says:
"I will give the Senate no trouble; I will resign."
Hampshire will be legitimately in order. For one,
I prefer this course. 1 prefer that we should pro-
ceed to consider these resolutions in tlie order in
which they stand, and i hope the Senate will con-
cur with me in that opinion.
Mr. TURNEY. 1 made my motion, sir, be-
cause, if the Senate dispose of the motion of the
Would you,-in the case of nonage, say that the jj Senator from New Hampshire favorably, it seems
resignation shall not be accepted? But the case of ij to me we shall put an end to the whole question,
impeachment, if you please. || I do not see what fuither we shall have to do with
Suppose a man convicted of crime, and the record i; the report and resolution of the committee. The
of conviction is brought here,and he says,"I will |i resignation of General Shields has been received;
resign," and offers his resignation: is it the duty II there is now a vacancy in the representation of the
of Senators to get up and say we will not accept
the resignation, but we will go on and declare that
the election was void from the beginning? I do not
I think we have a right to do anything of the sort.
However, if Senators think otherwise, they will of
course act as they deem proper. But I think there
is, at all events, enough in the suggestions which
I have thrown out to induce Senators to allow the
matter to lie over until to-morrow. I hope that
motion will prevail. I do not wish to be called
upon to vote at present. It is my unfortunate
position, I suppose, not to be able to see things as
quickly as other Senators. 1 desire time. I there-
fore hope the motion will prevail. |
The question being taken on the motion to post-
pone the subject until to-morrow, it was decided in
the affirmative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Bell, Borland, Bradbury, But-
tercups, Chase, Douglas Downs, Fetch, Fit7.patrick,"Foote,
Hale, Hunter, Jones, Mason, Norris, Rusk, Sewaid, Soul6,
Sturgeon, Turitey, Underwood, and Yulee—94.
NAYS—Me^r;>. Badger, Beirien, Blight, Calhoun, Claike,
Cooper, Corwin, Davis of Massaohnsotts, Davis of Missis-
sippi, Dawson, Dickinson, Greeno, Mangum, Miller, Mor-
ton, Peaice, yimth, Spruance, Upliam, Wales, Walker,
Webster, and Whitcomb—33.
| State of Illinois on Uiis floor, as will appear by art
; examination of the Journal, and why, then, should
| we stand before the public as a Senate passing a
, resolution to vacate a seat which is already vacated
It appears to me to be perfectly useless, therefore,
! to take up the resolution and the report of the
committee for any purpose whatever. My object
is to take up a resolution, which is a usual one
when a vacancy occurs in this body, to notify the
Executive of the State of the fact that there is
such a vacancy, whether that vacancy has been
j occasioned by ejection, resignation, or by death.
The motion of the Senator from New Hampshire
I proposes to give that notice, and that motion I
i desire the Senate to take up for consideration. I
j cannot see why the Senator from Wisconsin de-
! sires to go further than that. Surely there can be
nothing personal to prompt the taking up of the
report of the committee and acting upon it. There
is. nobody here claiming a seat which has been
vacated, and I should think there could be no dif-
ference of opinion as to the course which it is
proper to pursue.
Mr. HOTE.
I must confess, sir, that I partici-
Mr. HALE asked for the reading of the com- !! pate Ve/7 decidedly in the feelings of surprise ex-
unication from-General Shield. 5 !, djby the Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Tcr-
i net] that there should be any opposition to a
motion certainly dictated by generous feelings, but
as much, in my opinion, prompted by sound judg-
; ment as by generous feelings. Surely, sir, this
; motion must be held to have precedence over all
munication from General Shields
• It was read by the Secretary, as follows:
Senate Chamber, March 1-1, 1849.
Mr. Tresident: From the time that my right to a seat in
this body became a subject of inquiry and investigation, I
determined to abstain fiom entering into any contest in rela-
tion to that right, and to submit unhesitatingly to the action of
the Senate. As there is now a prospect ol debate arid eon-
test on this resolution, I will relieve the Senate by tendering
my resignation, and lefeiring tile mattei back to my constit-
uents. I therefore hereby tender my retaliation.
JAMES SHIELDS.
Mr. HALE then moved that the Chair be in-
structed to inform the Executive of Illinois that
General Shields had resigned his seat in the Sen-
ate of the United States.
- Mr. BERRIEN moved to lay that motion upon
the table.
Mr. FOOTE demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. BERRIEN. Upon reflection, as the prin
ipa! resolution relating to this subject lias beei:
11 postponed until to-morrow, I will withdraw the i
j! motion which I have made to lay the motion of!
|j the Senator from New Hampshire on the table, -
;l and substitute for it a motion that the further con- '
'I sideration of the motion of the Senator from New '
II Hampshire be postponed until to-morrow.
| Mr. HALE. I do not know that I have any ;
objection to that. Let it lie over.
other motions, because it is based upon circum-
stances which disclose to us, most clearly and in-
contestably, the fact that we have lost the jurisdic-
tion of the case that we have been considering. It
is net for me to" say a word in reference to the '
Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Walker] and to
others; but I must be allowed to say to the Senate
that the highest tribunal of the land, the Supreme
Court of the United States, in one noted case, and
in many other cases less noted, has decided that
when that tribunal shall ascertain, in any mode
whatsoever, either upon the face of the pleading
  |  or collaterally, that they have no right to entertain
j cipa! resolution relating' to this subject has been !'jurisdiction over the case before them, that they
i — a .  t —:n : ' will dismiss the ppitirs from the. court at once.
Now, that is the case here decidedly. We had
jurisdiction over the case, it is true, at one time.
We lost it by the resignation of the party con-
cerned. The litigant, the party instituting the
suit before us, the plaintiff, claimant, or by what-
ever name you may call him, has dismissed the
suit, as he had a-right to do. And shall we not.
The motion was agreed to; end the Senate, on under such circumstances, when we have lost juris-
no constitutional right to hold the office.
motion of Mr. WEBSTER, proceeded to the con-
sideration of Executive business; and after some
time spent therein, the doors were reopened, and
the Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE. ■
Thursday, March 15, 1849.
Mr. TURNEY moved that the Senate proceed
diction in the matter, pursue the course which not
only our duty as Senators requires us to pursue,
but which courtesy and generous feeling and all
magnanimity imperiously demand that we shall
pursue5 Unless, indeed, there are persons—I would
not iiftimate that thereaieany such personshere—
but unless there are persons who, feeling that there
is some little chance of making a victim, and feel-
ing that the talons of the vulture have been thrust
!?_t,he^onf,ideJ,ation t!ie resolution offeredyes- ;f into that victim, are unwilling to let go the hold
that has thus been obtained until full martydom
shall have been consummated.
believe is perfectly clear. But if it will work the ft terday by the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr
fYvim 1111nnlo ,j Hale,] instructing the Chair to inform the Exec-
•, v ,    '| utive of Illinois that General Shields had resigned
here for two years, why should we be in haste to i! u * ^ --- «• ^ •• * • 5
injury which the Senator from Illinois avers; if it
wiJI prevent the State from bein§fully represented
here for two years, why should we be in haste to !j his seat in the Senate of the United States.
.if ffiapp.lars m6' t^^epntleman hold- ;| Mr. WALKER. Mr. President, there are two
mg the office, though not legally holding it, may ,, resolutions on your table, both of which relate to
resign. Oannot this be done.- I have given you ;! one subject, and I rise simply to inquire if we had
the case of an individual who had not the qualifi- ,! not better take them up in their order, and in that
^?P0n^ie;,^l!pp0?^a man u"der,thirty years p way dispose of them? One of the resolutions to
T himself here, and a Senator says, ,1 which I refer is that reported from the select corn-
to disclose"the fart^tn th7'5 ! w my 1"ty ^ Pttee' t0 which an amendment has been offered
•« Ynn ° he Senate. H,e, replies: |, by the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Cal-
aivarenfti. f ^'ve y®urs.<;j^ !'!e trouble; I am ,[ houn.] It appears to me to be proper that the
He tenders6Ms rp'°' i resign to-morrow." I Senate should first act upon that resolution, and
ile tenders his resignation, but the Senator says l> then the resolution of the Senator from New
!| Mr. WALKER. J view this matter in adiffer-
j1 ent ftoint of view from that which has been thus
■ considered by the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
j! Foote.] I do not know to whom he would allude
! as being the vulture who has fastened his talons
,, in the victim, nor does it disturb me greatly to
know.
'■ Mr, FOOTE. "Will my honorable friend allow
, me ? I thought I spoke very explicitly. I thought
he wou*d be wholly undisturbed. It may be that
: I fipok^ a little more strongly than I intended. But
1 I thought I distinctly said that I made no allusion
l to any Senator here. Had there been euch an
