1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
843
Senate of the U. S.
Case of General Shields—Debate.
Special Session.
allusion, I presume it would have more or less dis- i
composed him; but, if he has the least impression '
that I intended any allusion to him, I will assure
him that I did not intend the most distant allusion
to my friend from Wisconsin. !
Mr. WALKER. I hope not, air;"and I cer-
tainly believe not, rfow. But I will leave it to his
consideration whether there has been anything in
this matter, either upon my own part or upon the
part of any other Senator, such as to warrant the
use of a figure of speech which might imply so
much as that figure of speech seemed to imply. I
am therefore gratified to knew the fact, and ex-
plictly believe, after his statement, that the figure
■was not intended to allude to my position in this
matter.
I commenced by remarking that I viewed the
matter in a different point of view from that in which
the Senator has just viewed it. I sympathize with
the feeling evinced by the honorable Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Douglas.] He has expressed him-
self as a Senator should, with a good deal of soli-
citude in regard to the position m which the State
will stand upon the decision of this question, I
have never known him to take any position, sir,
upon which he has not, with a great deal of zeal,
and always promptly, shown his determination to
defend his position, and to defend those who gave
him his authority. It is right. He does this with
ability. As far as I have known him, and I have
known him a good many years, I believe he always
does so candidly. I am inclined to think that 1
may offer him an observation, which lam sure he
will receive as candidly and as kindly as it is
intended.
His fears are, sir, that the action of the Senate,
in one respect, may affect the right of the State to
be represented in th.e next Congress under the ap-
pointment of the Governor. Now, sir, let us look
at this in its plainest point of view. The commit-
tee has reported to the Senate of the United States
that this election was void. There have been votes
taken indicating that there is a clear majority in the
Senate which takes the same view with the com-
mittee. Well, sir, when the moment has almost
arrived when the Senate is about definitively to
declare their opinion in concurrence with the com-
mittee, the sitting member from Illinois [Mr.
Shields] rises and tenders his resignation. Now,
the present Senator from Illinois believes that it
will be more advantageous to the State that the
seat shall be vacated by that resignation than that
it shall be vacated by the declaration of the Senate
that the election was originally void.
Now, sir, if it goes forth that the Senate of the
United States have recognized the vacation of the
seat by resignation, it will have some effect else-
where. It will hav® some effect, for the present,
in the State of Illinois. The Governor of that
State may take this course of the Senate as an au-
thority for him to exercise the appointing power.
He may think he has a right to do it. But after
what has transpired in the Senate, after what has
been reported by the committee, when his ap-
pointee comes here, and presents his credentials
here, by what will the Senate be governed? By
the ideas of the Senator from Illinois, or by the
Constitution of the United States, under its own
sense of its provisions? This is the dilemma in
which the State of Illinois will be found, if we
tacitly acquiesce in the resignation of this seat, by
leaving the question still open. The seat of his
appointee will be contested. It will then be the
question, notwithstanding that the vacation ap-
parently takes place upon the resignation, whether
!t did not in fact take place by virtue of the inva-
lidity of the alleged election. That will be. the
question which the Senate will then have to de-
cide. Now, is it magnanimous upon our part thus
illusivelv to lead the Governor of the State of Illi-
nois to proceed to appoint another Senator, whose
seat shall then be contested and found vacant? I
know that the Senator from Illinois intends a
kindness to his State in his course here, but 1 do
not presume that he will take offence at my simply
giving my own views. If they are worth any-
thing, be it so; if worthless, the same. But it oc-
curs^to me, before taking up this resignation and
acting upon it, leading, perhaps, the Governor of
Illinois into an error in sending an appointee here-
subjecting himself to the mortification, the State to
the mortification, and the late claimant to the mor-
tification of the reflection that he had caused this
new difficulty by his resignation when the decision
was about to be made—it does occur to me that
it is the most proper course for the Senate to de-
cide the question upon its real merits, and let the
Slate of Illinois and its authorities know upon
what ground we have proceeded, and in what
manner it has become necessary for the State of
Illinois to fill the vacancy.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is certainly my desire that
this question shall be decided on its merits, and
also that no decision shall be made here that shall
mislead the government authorities of my State.
And, sir, I have not the same apprehension that
my friend from Wisconsin had, that the Governor
of Illinois would be misled by the report of the
committee. I believe that functionary is capable
of judging for himself, and I hope that I am not
advocating a course here, the result of which would
be to lead him into an error. I believe this body
is going to make a just and legal decision of this
question; and I believe in my heart that it can only
be done by recognizing the resignation of General |
Shields, and informing the Governor of Illinois of
the vacancy which that resignation has created in
the Senate of the United States. I think the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin does this Senate great injus- 1
tice, in assuming that it would decide that the seat '
of the Senator from Illinois had been vacant fiom
the 4th of March. Sir, is this body going to make
that decision ? Has any vote of this body tended
to that conclusion ? Is there a man in the body
who, under the solemnity of his oath—in the sanity :
of his mind—can decide that that seat has' been \
vacant from the 4th of March ? Has the Senator !
forgotten that on the 2d day of March it appears ij
upon the Journal that I presented the credentials jl
of James Shields as a Senator elected for six years ;!
from and after the 4th day of March, and that j
those credentials were read and laid upon the table?;|
Has he forgotten that on the 5th day of March the ■]
name of James Shields was called to be swoin as ;•
a Senator, and that he rose and objected, and of-1;
fered a resolution to refer the credentials of James |
Shields to the Committee on the Judiciary, and J
that the subject was postponed to the next day ? j
Has he forgotten that on the next day, the 6th day !|
of March, 1 rose in my place, and moved that my 'j
colleague be sworn, and admitted to his seat as a h
Senator from the State of Illinois, and that he and |]
other gentlemen interposed objections; but that,''
after consideration and discussion, and full investi-1;
gation, the Senate, by a solemn vote, ordered the [■
oath of office to be administered to James Shields, |
and that he took his seat as a Senator from the I;
State of Illinois? Has he forgotten that the record |j
of the Senate shows and recites that thereupon the j|
said James Shields appeared, that the oath of office J,
was administered to him, and that he took his seat?-j;
Has he forgotten that on each succeeding day when j
the yeas and nays were called, the name of James :j
Shields was called, and that he voted either on one i,
side or the other on every question as a Senator !|
from the State of Illinois? And has he forgotten j
that he continued thus to vote up to yesterday, i]
when the record shows that Mr. Shields, one of
the Senators from Illinois, sent his resignation to
the Vice President, and that on the motion of a
Senator that resignation was received and read,
and that then a resolution was offered instructing ,
the Vice President to notify the Governor of Illi- 1
nois of the vacancy produced by that resignation ?!
And, in the face of all these facts, are we to say by |
a solemn vote that the seat has been vacant all the ;
time that it was filled by the order of this body r
Before the Senate can make such a decision, it will i
be necessary for it to expunge its own record, and
falsify its own Journal. Sir, we all know that the
seat has been occupied by a gentleman as a Sena- ;
tor. We all know that he was qualified and took
his seat as a Senator under the vote of this body. I;
We also know that he has exercised all the rights, ,
-powers, and privileges of a Senator as much as any •,
one of us; and yet, sir, we are to be called upon to :
say that his seat has been vacant. If it has been
vacant, sir, what business has the name ot James i
Shields on your Journal on the call of the yeas and n
nays? It will not do, sir, to say that the seat has ^
been vacant and at the same time filled. _ ^' ij
arguing the question whether itwasrigr.tiuUy nlicd.
Concede, sir, that it was not; concede t.iat tie was ;
not entitled to the seat; yet you have made it a;
clear case of a person holding an office de facto,
performing its duties, exercising its powers, and
receiving its emoluments, but liable to be turned
out on a writ of quo warranto, by his own resigna-
tion, or by a decision of this body on an examina-
tion of the case.
And I hold, sir, that, from the war of the Roses,
a de facto officer, exercising duties and performing
functions, is to be regarded as an officer, and that
his a<Ss are to be deemed valid. If he holds it
wrongfully, still his authority is to be respected,
and, until his office becomes vacated by a prop-
er tribunal, he is capable of executing it. It
has been the doctrine in England, that, wherever
the throne was filled by a person wrongfully, still
it was treason to resist the de facto sovereign as
long as he remained so; and when he ceased to be
sovereign de facto, those who, while such, had
obeyed his authority and resisted the riAtful sov-
ereign, were not punishable, because they had
obeyed the sovereign holding the office de facto.
That principle has been recognized by the Ameri-
can courts over and over again, in regard to exec-
utive, ministerial, and judicial officers. Suppose,
sir, that one of the district judges of the United
States should be appointed by the Executive and
confirmed by the Senate, and he should proceed to
discharge his duties by tryirjg men>for the highest
crimes known to the laws of the land, and he
deprives men of their liberties and lives by virtue
of his judicial authority for thirteen years, (as
General Shields Iras exercised judicial functions in
this country,) and that, after the lapse of thirteen
years, a quo warranto should be issued, and it
should be discovered that he was an alien, and it
should be found that he had no right to be a judge:
are his acts invalid? The Constitution requires
thatajudge shall be acitizen;but,suppose the office
to be filled by an alien, and he tries suits involving
millions of property, hundreds of lives, and the
liberty of thousands of citizens, and at the end of
thirteen years a quo warranto is issued, and it is
ascertained that he is an alien by birth, and that
he has not been naturalized: I concede that you
can turn him out—it would be your duty to do so—
but can you vitiate his acts? Can you decide that
his office has been vacant for thirteen years? Can
you decide that the judgments he has rendered on
the rights of property between man and man are
to be void, and that the sheriff who sold property
under execution, is to be held liable asa trespasser,
and that the sate is to be void, although the pos-
sessor of it has paid for it the purchase money?
Are you about to make such a decision? Are you
about to decide that a marshal or a sheriff, while
executing the order of such a judge, may be sued
for false imprisonment? Will you decide that such
a judge, who orders a man to be hung for a crime
which, under the laws of the land, is punishable
with death, is a murderer? Was there evera court
in Christendom that dreamed of declaring the acts
of a de facto officer void when he has performed
duties that were clearly right' No court in Chris-
tendom ever made such a decision, and I trust
this Senate is not going to sanction such a doc-
trine. If he were found to be an alien, he would
be removed, his office would be vacated, and the
vacancy would take place from the day on which
he was removed. And is it not so here ? Con-
cede, sir, that General Shields is not eligible; yet
he was elected, and he was elected by a tribunal
that had jurisdiction of the subject of an elec-
tion. This is not the case of an election by a tribu-
nal that has not competent authority. He was
elected by the Legislature of Illinois, which has
the rightful authority to make such an election.
That is conceded; but you say that the Legislature
of Illinois exercised that undoubted authority in
an illegal manner. Suppose they did; liaving ex-
ercised it, it was valid, until, by a competent tribu-
nal, it was decided otherwise. This Senate is such
competent tribunal in this case. It is invested by
the Constitution with the sole power to decide
whether General Shields was eligible, and no man
has the right to assume that he was not eligible
until this body has so decided. That this body
would decide that he was ineligible, and that the
Senate would vacate his seat, on the evidence be-
fore it, I am ready to concede; but when you do
vacate his seat, you will do it to take effect from
the day on which your judgment is rendered, and
his prior acts as Senator must sta.nd as long as the
