344
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 15,
Senate of the U. S.
Case of General Shields—Debate.
Special Session.
Republic endures and the records of the Senate are
preserved. The name of James Shields appears
among Senators voting on questions Before the
Senate, and that name cannot be expunged. And,
air, if that name appears there as of a Senator who
voted—a Senator qualified by the oath of office,
and taking his seat by an order of this body—are
we now to say that he was not a Senator ? 1 ap-
prehend not, sir. It is clear, sir, that he,was a
Senator until his seat wa3 vacated by his own res-
ignation. Yesterday he resigned, and from yes-
terday there has been a vacancy. Up to yesterday
there was no vacancy; but when he resigned and
walked out, the vacancy existed.
Bat it is said, " What had he to resign ?" Sir,
he had a seat to resign, and he resigned that. He
had a seat which he filled de faelo undtr a vote of
the Senalf, which gave him the emoluments, per-
quisites,lights, and privileges of a Senator until
his right was invalidated. He resigned a seat
which he thus held; and are we now to be told
that it was vacant all the time? No, sir. The
laws of the land, the decisions of the courts, com-
mon sense, and public policy are all against it; for
if that election was void, ab initio, every act that
he did was illegal; and if a judge be appointed
who shall afterwards be discovered to be ineligible,
every decision that he has made is illegal, and
every man is a tresspasser who attempts to carry
it out. If this be so, sir, we have got to reverse
all our judicial principles, and all the practices of
our courts and of the deliberative tribunals of
Christendom.
But, sir, there is a vacancy now which is created
by virtue of James Shields's resignation, and all
that we have to do is to notify the Governor of
Illinois of that fact, and then we have done our
duty. In regard to the report of the committee, it
was very well in its place, when there was a ques-
tion for it to operate upon. But it has ceased to
be before the Senate. As the Senator from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Foote] has well said, the party to
the suit has withdrawn. There is now no one
upon whom it can operate; and we ought not to
occupy the time of the Senate with its considera-
tion when there is no purpose to be effected by it.
By passing that resolution we shall be acting upon
the conduct of a sovereign Slate of this Union
whose conduct is not at this time before us. Why,
then, shall we do so, if it will have no effect, un-
less it is designed to have an ulterior operation in
that State? From my heart, sir, I disavow such a
design on the part of any one. I cannot imagine
that any Senator can have such a design; but yet
such will be the construction that will be put upon
it. I hope the Senate will proceed to the consid-
eration of the resolution offered by the Senator from
New Hampshire.
Mr. WALKER. I desire simply to make one
remark with reference to what has just been said
by the Senator from Illinois; forjudging from the
construction he has placed upon my former re-
marks, I either did not express myself when up
before so as to be easily understood, or that the
Senator from Illinois could properly understand
the tenor of my speech. He has argued this mat-
ter, sir, a3 though I had taken the position that the
Senate ought to declare that the seat taken by Gen-
eral Shields has been vacant ever since the 4th of
March. Sir, I have taken no such position. The
Senator has also asked if I have forgotten various
things which he mentions ? I answer, no; and that
I never shall forget what has transpired here. But,
sir, while I remember all this, I do not think my past
action or language uttered in this Chamber brings
me to the position of contending that the Senate
should declare that the seat lately occupied by
General Shields has been vacant since the 4th of
March last.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator from Wisconsin
has misunderstood my statement. I said that I did
not believe that the Senator from Wisconsin was
prepared to say that such was the fact, or tl«at such
a course on our part should be adopted. Hence I
stated that this resolution, with the proposed amend-
ment now before us for consideration, ought not to
pass. I desired by my statement simply to en-
courage the Senator from Wisconsin in the correct
view he had taken of the subject.
Mr. WALKER. I thank the Senator from Illi-
nois for his encouraging advice; I do certainly feel
encouraged, and would say, therefore, that, taking
into consideration everything he has said in rela-
tion to the case of General Shields, I would give to
his queries the plain simple answer, that it appears
to me that the course for the Senate to pursue is to
declare that, notwithstanding General Shields was
a Senator de facto, yet that he was such under a
void election.
Mr. FOOTE. Perhaps I may have misunder-
stood the Senator from Wisconsin as to the posi-
tion on this subject which he occupies. I thought,
when I acquiesced in his amendment yesterday,
that he maintained that the election was not void.
Mr. WALKER. That subject is not new be-
fore the Senate. I was supposing in the remarks
I made that the amendment offered by the Senator
from South Carolina [Mr. Calhoun] was now to
be voted upon, and that we were about to declare
that his election to the Senate of the United States
was void from the beginning; and that is the sub-
ject now before the Senate.
Mr. HALE. 1 desire to say a few words in
explanation of the motives that induced me to
submit this resolution. The efforts of those who
oppose the taking up and passage,of this resolu-
tion appear not to have reference to what we have
done or to what we ought to do; but it seems that,
in the abundance of their wisdom, it becomes
necessary to pass some sort of resolution to in- j
struct the Governor of Illinois in his duty and the 1
State Legislature in their duty. Sir, we shall be i
doing all that is required of us if we walk in the
path of our own duty and have a little generosity
for other legislators—considering that all the wis-
dom of the land is not centered in the Senate, and
that the good people of Illinois, in the exercise of
their legal constitutional privileges, have appointed
a Legislature to take into consideration all matters
affecting the interests of the State, and that that
Legislature can probably find out what their duty
is without receiving uncalled-for advice from us.
How does the case present itself, and what are
the facts before us, confining ourselves strictly to
the facts? General Shields was certainly here,
and by authority of the Senate acted as a member
of the Senate; and I suppose, while thus acting,
that he could have performed any of the duties
which a Senator is competent to perform. General
Shields was here and participated in the action of
the Senate for several days; he resigns and goes
home; and I now put the question to honorable
gentlemen, suppose he had never presented him-
self at this session, would it have been discretion-
ary or right in the Senate to have passed a resolu- ]
tion of this character, to have acted upon his claim, j
when he had never presented it, when he had not ,
asked for a seat in this body? Surely nobody '
will contend, that in such a state of facts it would
have been discretionary or right for the Senate, in
the abundance of their wisdom, to pass a resolu-
tion declaring that he was not entitled to a seat
here before he asked for it. Sir, does the case
before us differ in principle from the cne I have
supposed, where he had not presented himself?
General Shtelds came here, took his seat; certain
preliminary proceedings were adopted; but, seeing
the state of facts existing, he has resigned; and
how, I ask, does the present aspect of the case
differ from that which I have stated, wherein he
had never presented himself?
Sir, it has been the common practice of this
body to notify the Executive of a State whose Sen-
ator has resigned of the fact, so that he may take
necessary action with reference to that resignation.
This notification has always been madejmmedt-
ately after the resignation of a Senator. Sir, if,
because of the abundant caution of the Senate, this
notification is not to be made, if it is the opinion
of the Senate that the Governor of the State of
Illinois is not competent or has not the authority
to appoint a successor to General Shields, I prefer
stating the fact plainly to the legislative authori-
ties of Illinois, rather than be guilty of the act of
discourtesy which we shall perform if we withhold-
this notification. After we have pursued the ordi-
nary course of procedure in cases of this descrip-
tion, if gentlemen do not think we have gone far
enough, if something more is regarded as neces-
sary to be done, why, then, we can proceed tofpass
this resolution, if it is not thought to be super-
erogatory. ...
I would here say a single word with reference
to a remark made by the Senator from Georgia,
[Mr. Berrien,] about vindicating the privileges of
the Senate. That Senator states that this is cot a
question of privilege. Sir, it does not seem to
me to be possible, in the compass of infinite wis-
dom, to present a combination of circumstances
which should present here a question of privilege,
if this is not one. It goes, sir, to the very existence
of this body, to the very foundation on which we
stand. It is due, then, to the dignity and the honor
of the Senate that we should take such a course as
shall vindicate it from any aspersions that may be
cast upon it of endeavoring to bring discredit upon
a State, and upon an individual sent here to repre-
sent that State. As I said before, the ordinary
courtesies of life require that we should adopt the
usual course of proceeding in mattersof this char-
acter; that we should notify the Executive of the
State of Illinois of the resignation of Gen. Shiejds,
and then, if it is thought by Senators that we have
not gone far enough, we can take further action
upon the question.
Mr. RUSK. I have listened to the remarks of
gentlemen with reference to the action of the State
of Illinois upon this question with attention, and
consider them, to say the least, totally out of place;
certainly it cannot be assumed that the judgment
of the Senate on this question can control the fu-
ture action of a sovereign State of this Union. It
could only be looked upon in the way ,of advice,
and I think we had better withhold our advice to
a sovereign State until we are asked it; it can have
no binding effect upon the State. Sir, of what
effect is this resolution at the present time? The
resolution, at the time it was presented by the
committee, before General Shields resigned, could
have had the effect to vacate a seat then occupied
in this body by that individual. Can it have that
effect now ? It may be said that the Senate will
thus decide that no individual who has not been a
citizen of the United States for nine years can have
a seat in the Senate under the Constitution of the
United States; but what benefit will result from
that declaration? That fact is already set forth in
the Constitution; and we cannot diminish or add
to its strength by any action of ours. Suppose
we make this decision now, will it have any bind-
ing force or effect hereafter ? It seems to me it
cannot operate upon the future action of the Senate,
even if the Governor of the State of Illinois, con-
sidering that there is a vacancy which he has a
right to fill, should send a successor to General
Shields to this body. We shall be guided by the
Constitution, and we cannot by any action of ours
affect the provisions of that Constitution as it re-
lates to questions of this character. Suppose we
discussed the question before us for three months
to come, we could not alter its character; it would
still be an abstract question. It appears to me
absurd to proceed to make a decision upon an ab-
stract question, which decision will not be worth
a sixpence after it is made. In any future action
upon a case of this character we are to abide by
the Constitution—to hear the individual and deter-
mine upon his claim to a seat in this body without
reference to any decision made now. Whatever
decision we come to now will be totally.useless,
for there is nothing for it to operate upon. The
seat is vacant; and we are only asked now to per-
form the common courtesy usual in cases of resig-
nation, and then leave future events to take care of
themselves. The State of Illinois may adopt the
course of procedure pointed out by a majority of
this body, or it may not do it; in short, sir, this
decision, if made, will be in anticipation, and can
have no binding effect upon the future action either
of the State of Illinois or the Senate itself.
Mr. BADGER. If I believed the question be-
fore us for decision one merely of an extension of
courtesy towards General Shields, I would not
permit any Senator on this floor to go beyond me
in awarding the most libera! courtesy and kindness
to him. But, sir, I look upon the question as a
very different one—as involving civil relations of
another and of a higher character, and as requiring
a decision from the Senate not affected in any de-
gree by the considerations of courtesy and kindness.
I do not wish, sir, to enter into this argument at
any length; for I have not the vanity to suppose
that anything that I can advance will change the
opinions of Senators who differ from me; or
strengthen the opinions of Senators who agree
with me; but I will state very briefly the reasons
