1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
345
Senate of the U. S.
Case oj General Shields—Debate.
Special Session.
■which will induce me to vote against taking up and
disposing of the motion made by the Senator from
New Hampshire yesterday, and to vote for taking
up and passing the resolution reported by the Se-
lect Committee. Those reasons, sir, to my mind
are clear and obvious.
Sir, if.this resolution shall be determined in the
negative, then there will be no need of any further
action by us upon the subject of General Shields's
seat; he can withdraw the tender of resignation
and continue a member of this body. But if the
decision of the Senate shall be to adopt the resolu-
tion reported by the committee, it will then have
been determined by this body—who, under the
Constitution, are the sole arbiters of the question—
that this election was void, that General Shields
■was never for a moment rightfully a member of
this body, and that he appeared here and took his
seat upon a prima facie title, which, upon examin-
ation, turns out,' in consequence of an inherent
defect in it from the beginning, to have been al-
ways void. Now, sir, I shall not undertake to
inquire whether, upon that determination, sup-
posing it to be made, the Executive of the State of
Illinois would have a right to make an appointment
of a successor or not. I confess, however, I do
not consider that question one of so doubtful a
character as some gentlemen seem to consider it.
The Constitution of the United States, in defining
the terms of the several classes of Senators, de-
dec'lares that the seats of one class-shall be vacated
at the expiration of two,.another four, and another
six years. The time refers to the respective classes
of Senators as originally enumerated. Arid the
Constitution also declares that wherever vacancies
exist by death, resignation, or otherwise, " during
the recess of the Legislature of any State, the
Executive thereof may make temporary appoint-
ments until the next meeting of the Legislature,
which shall then fill such vacancies." Consider-
ing this as a beneficial provision, intended to keep
this body full, and to preserve to each of the States
its full representation in this body, and as such
entitled to a liberal interpretation, I must be per-
mitted to say, withoutcommittingmyselfdefinitive-
ly upon the question, that I have not seen any rea-
son yet to satisfy my mind that the Executive of
Illinois would not, under the circumstances, be com-
petent to make an appointment, supposing that no
session of the Legislature has intervened from the
time the seat was vacated, which I take to have
been from the expiration of the term of the previ-
ous session; supposing, as I have said, this res-
olution be adopted, I have seen no satisfactory
reason as yet to convince my mind—though I
do not wish to be understood as giving a decided
opinion to that effect, for there may be satisfac-
tory reasons which I have not yet heard—that the
Executive of the State of Illinois would not be
competent to fill the vacancy within the meaning
of the Constitution of the United States. How-
ever that may be, in my judgment it is very clear
that if he cannot fill the vacancy—supposing this
resolution be adopted—he cannot fill the vacancy
if we accept this supposed resignation of General
Shields. If Gen. Shields was not rightfully a mem-
ber of this body, if his election was void in conse-
quence of an inherent defect existing at the time the
election took place, and if the credentials that were
presented have been examined thoroughly by the
only competent authority for that purpose, (the
Senate,) and have been declared by that authority
a nu'lity fiom the beginning, it is to my mind
proof conclusive that the acceptance of a resigna-
tion, without a good and rightful title to the office
so resigned, cannot put any other power in the
hands of the Governor than he would have had if
we had supposed a resignation never took place,
and that the present proposed action of the Senate
had been determined upon. - Therefore it appears
to me, whether this resolution is adopted or the
resignation accepted, the power which may be
possessed by the Governor of Illinois to elect a
successor to a seat on this floor is the same; and
the question will stand before the Senate at the
next session exactly in the same condition whether
either alternative is adopted. In my^opinion, then,
nothing is gained to the honorable Senator or the
gentleman whose seat is in question; nothing is
gained to the State of Illinois; no good is promoted
whatever by now avoiding the decision of the ques-
tion and leaving the Executive of the State of Illi-
nois to proceed to make an appointment suppos-
ing that the case stands either upon an acceptance
of the resignation or in the position it would occu-
py in case of the passage of this resolution. It
seems to me that the plain course for the Senate
to pursue, inflicting no discredit or discourtesy
either upon the gentleman whose seat is in ques-
tion or upon the State of Illinois—a course dictated
by the proprieties of the case and by the constitu-
tional duty of the Senate—is, that the question
being argued and now before them,, they proceed
to give their decision upon it.
But again, Mr. President, I cannot vote for the
resolution which was introduced by the Senator
from New Hampshire for the plain reason that
the Senate does not itself appoint the members of
this body, nor has any power to fill a vacancy
that may arise .in it. When a resignation is re-
ceived and transmitted by the Senate to the appoint-
ing power of a State, it is not as a mere gratifica-
tion to the curiosity of the Executive—it is not, as
the fact is published in the newspapers, to let the
American people know what has been done in the
Senate upon a previous day—but it is an official
communication that a vacancy in the representa-
tion to the State has occurred in this body to the
end that' he may fill it. That is the only object of
the notification. "When, therefore, the Senate vote
for the passage of the motion of the Senator from
New Hampshire, they have impliedly informed,
the Executive of the State of Illinois that the resig-
nation has produced a vacancy in '.'lis body; and
for that motion I cannot vote, because 1 do not
believe that such is the fact. The Senator from
Illinois may think it proof of deficiency of intel-
lect on my part when I state, that I am of opinion
that the seat has been, in point of fact, vacant since
the 4th of March.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator from North
Carolina, I think, has misapprehended my re-
marks. I concede that General Shields was not
rightfully a Senator—that he was but de facto a
Senator—but as he filled a seat as a Senator de
facto, performing the offices of a Senator, no va-
cancy occurred until he resigned.
Mr. BADGER. The acts'performed by Gen-
eral Shields while here were valid, no doubt; but,
if the Senator will permit me to say it, I think
he has made a discovery in the power of resigna-
tion if he considers this seat de facto morally that
has been so corporally. In a corporal occupation
of a seat, the Senator has only to get up and go
out of the Senate, and he will have resigned.
Mr. DOUGLAS. He occupies a seat here tie
facto under a color of right.
Mr. BADGER. I assert that that color of right
is no right at all. To be sure, as I have already
stated, General Shields rightfully took a seat in
this body by authority of the Senate. There was
a prima facie title presented on the face of his cie-
dentials, and on that ground General Shields was
sworn in. Now it is found out that that title is
no title at all, not in virtue of anything that super-
venes, but because of a defect inherent in the title
itself; therefore there never has been of right any
Senator on this floor, for a moment since the 4th
of March, from the State of Illinois, except the
Senator before me, [Mr. Douglas.] For the rea-
sons, then, which I have stated, the true course
of the Senate, in my~judgment, is to decide the
question upon the resolution. If that fad to pass,
General Shields will then be regarded constitu-
tionally as a member of this body, and there will
be an end of the matter. If the Senate believe
that he never was constitutionally a member of
this body, then we owe it to ourselves, to the Con-
stitution, to General Shields, and to the State of
Illinois, that we declare that belief by passing the
resolution.
Mr. RUSK. I cannot agree to the conclusion
the Senator from North Carolina [Mr. Badger]
has come to, with reference to our notification of
the'Governor of Illinois of a vacancy existing in
this body. I do not consider that notification as
a judgment of the Senate. A statement of fact is
not a judgment, in my opinion, at all. The Sen-
ator thus makes it necessary that the judgment of
the Senate should be pronounced in the mere mat-
ter of notification—in the performance of what was
usually done when vacancies occur in this body.
Sir, as I have said before, we cannot turn the
claimant out because he has resigned; he is already
out. This, then, is an abstract question, and all
that is necessary to be done is to inform the Gov-
ernor of Illinois of the vacancy existing.
Mr. DOWNS. I confess, Mr. President, that
it seems to me very strange that the Senate should
be engaged in the discussion of a subject which
does not demand consideration at our hands at the
present time at all. What have we before us"?
What is to be the practical effect of our action
here? There is nobody claiming a seat in this
body involving the,,question gentlemen arS dis-
cussing. The person who occupied that position
has withdrawn his claim; and I would inquire of
gentlemen if it is the province of the Senate to sit
her.e and discuss abstiact questions, when their
decision is not necessary to the furtherance of any
action properly incumbent upon them. Whatever
may have been the opinions formed by tli^genate
as to the rights of the parties interested heretofore,
the question of their correctness can no longer be
entertained; and those who continue to discuss it
as an abstract question are doing that which will
lead to no practical result—are addressing them-
selves to a question which their arguments cannot
change. The gentleman interested in this matter
having tendered his resignation, the decision of
the Senate cannot prevent him from leaving this
body or reinstate him as a member.
The Senator from New Hampshire and several
other Senators have repeatedly advocated the ques-
tion of courtesy as connected with this subject.
Now, after all that has been said upon the subject
of courtesy, if the opinions entertained by gentle-
men that have led to the presentation of this reso-
lution be carried out, I do not think that the Sen-
ate will be very mtneniit/distinguished for courtesy
by the adoption of such a course. The Senator
from North Carolina admits that, legally and prac-
tically, there is no material difference in the ulti-
mate issue, whether we declare General Shields's
title to a seat null and void from the beginning, or
whether we simply send a notification of the resig-
nation of General Shields to the Governor of Illi-
nois. If it makes no difference, then I ask the
Senate whether it would not be more in accord-
ance with the feelings of courtesy, and be less
likely to wound the feelings of the estimable indi-
vidual who lately occupied a seat here, to simply
send a notification to the Governor of Illinois sta-
ting his resignation.
Mr. BADGER. If the Senator from Louisiana
will allow me, I would inform him that what I
did say on this point was, and I repeat it now,
that, whether the resolution presented by the com-
mittee was adopted, or the resignation of General
Shields accepted, nothing in the end is gained one
way or the other for General Shields; but that the
original objection would stand, with precisely the
same force, at the next session of Congress as it
stands now. I think theie is a very material dif-
ference in other respects, considering one course
right and the other wrong.
Mr. DOWNS. So I understood the honorable.
Senator. I ask of him and the Senate, why pro-
ceed further in this matter? Are we come here to
turn this Senate into a debating society, and sim-
ply to discuss questions, when those discussions
can have no practical effect? I think not, sir. I
think the Senate of the United States have no
power to act in this manner. What is their power?
It is power simply to judge whether a man re-
turned to this Senate is qualified to take his seat
here or not. No such question is now before the
Senate. We have no power to go further in this
matter, or to enter into discussion, or give a de-
cision upon a question that should be decided by
the Executive or Legislature of the State of Illi-
nois. If there is any difficulty in the election of
another Senator, it will be time enough to solve
that difficulty and judge of his qualifications when
he applies fora seat in this body. We are sitting
here now discussing a question of power to be
exercised by the legislative authorities of Illinois;
a question with which we have nothing to do
whatsoever, and a decision upqn which can have
no effect, because we have no power. As has been
said, our powers are analogous to those of a court,
and arguments presented in a court are not con-
sidered to be entitled to any weight when they
travel out of their proper course. What would we
think of a criminal court taking up some difficult
question in criminal law, and giving its decision
