340
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 15,
Senate op the U. S,
Case of General Shields—Debate.
Special Ses
sion.
upon it? And would that decision be regarded as
binding in any practical case of a similar charac-
ter? Sir, it would be regarded as of no more weight
or authority than the decision of the Senate now
proposed to be given can be regarded as of binding
effect in relation to its future action. I understand
that the refusal to notify the Governor of the State
of Illinois of this resignation would bean assump-
tion of the power to refuse the resignation; but if
we have no power to refuse giving such a notifica-
tion,"what right have we to infuse the resignation
of a member of this body?
A Senator. How can a resignation be pre-
sented to this body ?
Mr. DOWNS. I am asked how a resignation
I this matter, but I recollect a case that occurred in j! Mr. DAVIS. Then 1 will make the same mo-
the House of Representatives, which was much ! tion in reference to the resolution, when it comes
in point. Objection was made to a member hold-
ing his seat on account of having accepted another
office. The question' was discussed, and, while
the debate was going on, his resignation was ten-
dered, and the moment it was tendered the discus-
sion ceased, the House considering.that there was
no further question before it. I allude to the case
of Colonel Baker. This course of procedure is
usual and customary, and I do not know of an
instance where the discussion of a question of this
kind has been continued after the resignation has
been tendered. I believe it the imperative duty of
the Senate, then, the moment they are notified of
up.
: Mr. DOUGLAS asked for the yeas and nays
upon the motion of the Senator from Mississippi.
i They were ordered; and, being taken, were—
' yeas 20, nays 15.
. So the motion was laid upon the table.
1 Mr. MASON. I presume now the resolution
I of the committee will come up as a matterof course;
and, if so, I wi3h to say a few words before there
, is any disposition made of it.
| Mr. DOUGLAS. A motion was necessary in
' the case of the resolution of the Senator from New
Hampshire; and I would ask if a motion is not
can be tendered to this body. I would say, m'|> a resignation, to stop all proceedings in the case, equally necessary to brine up the resolution?
reply, that I have not inquired particularly into and give the ordinary notice to the Governor of PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolution was
J (gjfg jt for granted that what is usual jj the State whose representative has resigned. i first in order. A motion was therefore necessary
in -io-ht II Mr. DAVIS, of M ississippi. The question has I to give the other the preference. The resolution
been so often debated, as one involving the power 1 is now before the Senate for consideration.
of the Senate to accept the resignation, that I feel
constrained to say a few words in regard to it. I
view the tender of resignation as a mere notice to |l
the Senate. We cannot accept the resignation;
for it does not belong to the Senate.to excuse him !
from his duties as Senator. Who gave him the
authority to come here ? The Legislature and the -
Governor of his own State. To them, therefore, :
must he resign the office of Senator. Nor do I see'
the si w
and customary must have-some foundation in right
and in law. I believe, also, it has always been t
customary, whenever a resignation is tendered to !
this body, to notify the Executive of the State I
whose representative has resigned of the fact. And
if we refuse to do that now, and that, too, after
the "lengthy discussion we have had, whatever
other individuals may think, I cannot but consider
that it will be regarded as the result of a determin-
ation of the Senate to hold on to this question, to
make in some degree a victim of the claimant who
has been before us. Look at the peculiar circum-
stances in this case. There has been no interfe
Mr. MASON. I look upon this question as one
peculiarly of a judicial nature, and I cannot under-
stand how it can be discussed or entertained in §ny
other way. It is a question as to the construction
of the Constitution, and depends not upon facts.
Now, sir, the resolution which I brought in from
the select committee, as I understand it, places
precisely the same construction upon the Consti-
tution as is given to it by the amendment of the
.what authority can be found for making the Senate ' Senator from South Carolina. So far as I can
venture to speak of the understanding of the com-
mittee, it was clearly their purpose to express
the idea which is intended to be conveyed by the
amendment of the Senator from South Carolina.
Mr. CALHOUN. That was my impression.
Mr,MASON. The resolution is in these words.
. | the channel of correspondence between the gentle-
rence of persons or authorities interested in this jj man and those^rom whom he received his appoint-
question. There has been no complaint from the ,j ment. I do not doubt the power of the Senate,
State of Illinois—from the opponent of this gentle- ,j however, to go on and investigate the qualifications
man at the time of his election; no memorials or of the gentleman after the tender of his resignation.
petitions have been sent here; but from mere im- i; I agree with the Senator from Louisiana as to the   ...
pulse, as it were, we have entered into considera- jj propriety of abstaining from any further proceed- ! and it is*copied from' 111^0^^which* was"passedTn
tion of this matter. I do not intend to express any mg; but, as to the power of the Senate, I have no I the case of Mr. Gallatin: " That the election of
opinion as to how far such a course was proper; ;j doubt whatever that it exists as a self-preserving James Shields to be a Senator of the United States
but, having entered into it under circumstances j| power. It belongs to the Senate as much as the is void, he not having been a citizen of the United
rather extraordinary, I think,so far from attempt- power ofcompellmg the atteHdanceof membersof i States for the term of years required by the Con-
ing to clutch it and hold on to it, and make the most i this body; it is a part of the same power. The stitution of the United States;" not that he had not
we can out of it, that we ought to be glad to get rid Senate might be broken up for the want of a quo *
We. have got hold of a victim, and the law |i rum, if it had not the power to compel the attend
of it.
must take its course. Sir, I can see no other effect jj ance of its members.' lamas litttie disposed to
to result from our action but to prejudice his case, j discuss the qualifications of the contestant for the
This gentleman, Mr. President, has some claims !| seat, after he has withdrawn, as I was to discuss
on the country ; though I wish distinctly to be un- : j his qualifications before he was admitted to take was «, commence on tne «n ot ivtaren, ana it he
derstood that I would not, in consideration of the |; the seat. I considered it necessary that he should ' had been qualified at that time it would have been
ii be admiUed t0,a/e^ in order we ex". sufficient. That was theconstruction put upon this
the Constitution; but when I see my way clear,
stitution of the United States;'
been a citizen of the United States nine years prior
to the time of his election. He was elected in Jan-
uary; and the office,did not become vacant until
the 4th of March. The election did not clothe him
with the office of Senator. His period of service
was to commence on the 4th of March, and if he
ques- j! amine his* qualifications as a member. But now
(j that he has withdrawn, I am willing to let the ques- I. presume it was the construction put upon it by the
and that there is no violation of the Constitntinn in !' l'"" r-6St' r Vl. q vaca™y happen upon the . Senator from South Carolina. I have no objection,
question—-when Tseelat we a e only eMnl ?h s •' iTIT ° " " whet5w" 13 10 be « - however, none in the world, to adopt the Lend:
q le on when yee that^we only g.ving this ; side.ed an original vacancy our further proceeding j ment, because it will make the resolution more
m tne matter can make no difference. We cannot '* '
individual a fair chance, if his name can again be
brought before the Senate of the United States
legally and constitutionally, to secure such action
—I feel much more inclined to promote his inter-
ests, as far as I consistently can, than to sacrifice
change the effect by any resolution that the Senate
may adopt. Still less can it be changed by the
communication which was addressed to the Vice :
r u u r 1 1 r -11  ,-r-r President by the contestant. It must stand pre-
them. I should feel deeply grieved and mortified ;> cisely as before he withdrew his claim. There is '
if, by any peculiar course of action I should take no practical question now before the Senate. The
m the Senate, I should depreciate his standing m ;j whole matter is now transferred to the determina-
society, or lessen his prospects of success hereafter I tion of the State of Illinois. iFo the State, I say, >
iT",?, t^^pe?p hls,Stale'or, anywhere else. ; let it go. And when, at the next session, a Sena-
u o impute any motives of this kind to hon- ,, tor shall present himself to fill the vacant seat for
XT erfilTlT' rUt g!rleI!er0f, 6 m,°re short'!: the Slale of Illinois' ll>en it will be time enough for
thf t jiw, *ii them to be, if they do not see 1 us to decide the constitutional question. I am not
ey will materially affect those prospects if^ disposed to anticipate it, or to prejudge it The
may be settled withoufoi intertntion
more; than any other person, no matter how dis- ' Enough, at all events, for the day is the evil there- '
of. I do not wish that the Senate should be de-
tained now in debating a great constitutional ques-
tion. ^ And if there be no Senator who now wishes
to address the Senate, I will close my few remarks
j by a motion to lay the whole question upon the
table. The Senator may resign to his own State;
and for us to take action upon the resolution of the
, Senator from New Hampshire does seem to me to '
1 be entirely superfluous and improper.
Mr. CALHOUN. I suppose if this question
be decided in the affirmative, there will still be
That l's the whole object
tinguished he may be, cannot expect to enter into ! of.
another election without competition. I ask o-en-
tlemen, if this proposed decision of the Senate is
made, if it will not, judging from the past history
of these matters, operate as a serious impediment
and drawback to his future advancement! If it is
absolutely necessary that we should make this de-
cision, why, do so regardless of consequences; but
when it is not necessary, do not do an act prejudi-
cial to the individual, or injurious to his interests.
Mr. President, if the Senate continue to entertain
this matter, I presume it will be the first
the records of our legislation whereVuch* a question M 860816 the resolutio" rePorted by the
has been entertained after the person has volun-
tarily withdrawn. It is useless to say that he has i
not done anything, that he has resigned nothing
He resigned whatever he had; he has retired from :
the position he occupied, whether a valid one-or1
not. He has gone out from us, and his admission
is no longer a question before the Senate. I have
not taken the trouble to examine the precedents in |
committee
M
upon the table.
Mr. CALHOUN. If the motion be to lay the
whole upon the table, I desire to sav a few words.
PRESIDING OFFICER. The only thir><? that
can be subject to the Senator's motion is the mo-
tion to consider the resolution of the Senator from
New Hampshire.
explicit.
Mr. CALHOUN.
' of it.
Mr. MASON. So I understand. Now the ques-
tion that remains is, was the election void ? I so
regard it, because Geneial Shields was not qual-
ified when the time arrived for htm to assume the
duties of the office for which he had been chosen.
I regard the election, then, to be,as the resolution
expresses it, void; not voidable, but void. Now,
what is the distinction.' The distinction is well
knoVn, I apprehend, to all lawyers. That which
is void can never be made good; that which is
voidable may be. That is the distinction; and it
is a distinction that is well known to lawyers. If
this election were voidable only, it would result
that, in some way or by some act, the election
could be made good. But I apprehend that this
election could not he made good in any way.
Well, if it never could have been made good by
the act of any party whatever, it results that it
was void; it was void ah initio, and could never
have become valid by lapse of time. If, then, the
election never could be made good, i hold that it
was void, and, beinjse void, that it is the duty of
this Senate so to declare. Nor can 1 see, after
listening most attentively to the arguments of gen-
tlemen, that the action of the Senate, in declaring
-nA-17-rcj \/r : the election void, is in the Nhghtcst degree deroga-
1 y motion is to lay the whole ; tory to the honorable and distiitxuuthcd gentleman
who was the choice of the Legislature.. It is de-
claring only what is the true constitutional con-
struction upon the. state of facta before us. f
thought thus much, by way of explanation of the
views of the, committer, was due to them.
Now, as to the other matter, winch has been
connected with this investigation, resulting from
