348
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 15,
Senate of the U. S.
Case of General Shields—Debate.
Special Session.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I feel it my duty to add a few
words more. My colleague [General Shields] is
truly an unfortunate man. Elected to the Senate,
you will not permit him to sit here, and you re-
fuse him the privilege of resigning. The Senate
pertinaciously refuses him either alternative. He
shall not stay, and shall not have permission to
go. It seems as if there were a preconcerted de-
termination that he should not be allowed to leave
this Senate without being kicked out. Sir, I ask
why the name of Reverdy Johnson is not called
by the Secretary when calling for the yeas and
nays? The answer is, he ha.<5 resigned. How
has he resigned ? By sending his resignation to
the President of the Senate. Why was James
Shields's name called by the Secretary? Does not
the same record show that he has resigned also ?
is the Secretary of the Senate to decide this ques-
tion against my colleague ? If this system of per-
secution is to be carried on by the Senate against
this gentleman 
Mr. MANGUM. I call the Senator to order.
I will not sit here and listen to charges of'this de-
scription.
Mr. FOOTE. I charge the Senate with perse-
cution. It is no violation of order.
Mr. MANGUM. 1 call the Senator to order.
Ml. FOOTE. I call him to order. It is perse-
cution.
Mr, MANGUM addressed to the Senator from
Mississippi a phrase which the reporter was unable
to hear.
Mr. FOOTE. Very well, sir.
PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from
Illinois, if no poinrof order is made, will proceed.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Sir, perhaps I used a harsh
expression; but if it is not persecution, why does
the Senate make this distinction? The Senator
from Virginia has denied the right of a Senator to
resign to the Senate. Do we not recollect, sir,
how, a few years ago, these galleries were filled
and these lobbies crowded to hear the valedictory
of the distinguished Senator from Kentucky, who
had resigned his seat in this Chamber, and resigned
to the President of the Senate? Was the privilege
then refused to him? He resigned to the Chair.
Was it asserted that he had no right to do so? I
believe, sir, that several distinguished Senator^, at
the last session "of this body, resigned to the Chair.
There was no objection made then. Only a few
days ago, an honorable and accomplished Senator
from Maryland resigned to the occupant of the
chair, in order to take his seat in the Cabinet; and,
sir, his name is dropped from the record of Sena-
tors. ' I ask why the name of my colleague is not j
dropped also, and whether this distinction did not
justify me, in the face of what I see around me, in
saying that here was something that to my mind j
resembled persecution? Yes, sir, persecution of a
man whose misfortune it was to be born m a for- j
eign land—a man, sir, who has shown his devo- j
tion to this country, I think, by as many titles and ]
by as many glorious deeds as those of any man liv- j
mg. Still, sir, thatman is not to be permitted to have ,
extended to him the decent courtesies that have J
never been refused to mortal man before—not, sir, '•
the courtesy which you have but a few days ago !
extended to a late member of this body, now a
member of the Cabinet, uprni resigning his seat. ;
Why is this distinction? Why is this pertinacity '
manifested to pronounce condemnation upon my j
colleague, and to inflict an injury upon the State ;
which I represent? There is no case before you.
No man can pretend that his object is to vindicate ,
the Constitution; no man can contend that his ob-'
ject is to puree the body; no man can contend that;
the decision that you are about to make can have '
any practical effect upon this body. It is not de-
signed for that. What, then, is it designed for?,
Is it to fix a brand upon a distinguished citizen*
aird a gallant soldier? Is it to aim an insult
at one of the sovereign States of this Union?!'
Is it that that induces you to violate every prac- ;
tice that the Senate has heretofore adopted in
similar cases' Never before did you refuse a
member of this body the right of resignation. I
Never before did you persevere in aiming a blow
at a sovereign State, after the subject-matter in- j
volved in the question to be discussed hud ceased :
to be a practical question before the Senate. I ;•
trust, sir, if 1 have shown any degree of feeling ■
upon the subject—if I have said a word that;
seemed uncourteous to the body—that I shall be
pardoned. Certainly, sir, I would not do so will-
ingly. 1 hold in too high reverence this body—I
hold in too high regard every member of it—to
say a word that might seem offensive or disre-
spectful. But, sir, I believe in my heart that a
flagrant wrong is about to be done to my Slate,
j and to her representative, who has poured out his
1 blood for the honor and fame of this country.
And, sir, believing this, feeling it deeply, I trust I
I shall be pardoned for showing some feeling on this
| occasion.
j Mr. FOOTE. After the two speeches which
! have just been addressed to the Senate by the hon-
orable Senators from'Tennessee and Illinois, I do
, notdeem it necessary to make an extended address
in support of the proposition before us. It is
surely our duty, in my judgment, without delay,
, to cause the Executive of the State of Illinois to be
, informed of the resignation of the seat in our body
; lately occupied by General Shields. It has been
1 shown most conclusively by the Senator from Illi-
nois, in the course of that very animated speech
\ to which many of us have listened with so much
; pleasure, and all, as I suppose, with the sentiment
j of decided admiration, on account of the cogency
, of its argument and the burning eloquence which
! marked it from beginning to end, that the motion
! of the honorable Senator from New Hampshire is
in strict accordance with the usages of this body,
and not objectionable in itself either on grounds of
justice or public convenience.
Sir, if the question before us could be settled by
the vote of this vast audience, including not only
the Senate itself, but the brilliant and crowded
assemblage which surrounds us on all sides, I am
confident the motion of the honorable Senator from
New Hampshire would be carried by an over-
whelming majority.
Mr. HAMLIN (in his seat) here said a word
or two, inaudible to the reporter, and was heard
to laugh.
Mr. FOOTE. I intend to be heard, and respect-
fully heard, and sfiall therefore wait until Senators
shall cease to interrupt me. * * I am resolved
on this occasion, Mr. President, to speak as plainly
! upon the question before us as I have heretofore
, done upon every point which has arisen in the
1 case. I have not the honor of possessing an inti-
j mate personal acquaintance with General Shields,
, nor do I believe I have ever conversed with him
| in my life for five minutes continuously, but I have
! long known and warmly admired his public char-
acter; and his achievements in the late war with
Mexico have secured for him my permanent grat-
itude as a patriot, and my highest respect as a
man.
Sir, if the motion of the Senator from New
Hampshire shall not prevail, I perfectly concur
with the honorable Senator from Tennessee, [Mr.
Turkey,] that it will be better for those who enter-
tain the opinion expressed by mo an hour or two
since—that we have lost our jurisdiction over the
whole subject-matter of the present investigation—
not to vote at all upon any resolution proposing
further action thereupon; but, though I may here-
after vole upon propositions seeking to amend the
resolution reported from the committee, I shall
certainly not participate at all in the final vote upon
that resolution. Certain gentlemen seem to be dis-
posed to find fault with the honorable Senator from
Illinois, for undertaking to assert that the treatment
heretofore inflicted upon the distinguished gentle-
man who has lately resigned his seat among us
amounted to persecution; and he was even called to
order for using so strong a term. Well, sir, it may
be that honorable Senators, who have ariayed
themselves heretofore against the claim of General
Shields to a seat in this body, have not intended
to persecute him—have not designed to do him !
injustice—have not even been conscious that their :
conduct towards him was in the least degree dis-
courteous or unkind; but yet I have no hesitauon :
in saying that the course of opposition pursued so
zealously and perseveringly, both in matter and ;
manner, is but feebly portrayed by the term ob-
jected to. Why, sir, what is persecution, if this
man has not suffered it at our hands? No one can i
deny that Senatorial usage has been violated, in '
order to oppress and degrade him. No one can
deny that a spirit has been exhibited by gentlemen
on the other side of thl Chamber, from the begin- j
ningof this investigation up to the present moment,
indicating anything but good will and generous
sympathy towards the honorable claimant.
I shall not now, sir, trouble the Senate with a
. specific recital of all that has occurred, justifying
I me in the use of the language which 1 have now
employed; it is unnecessary. All our acts are be-
fore the country, and an unprejudiced people will
not fail to decide—and in language of hot indig-
nation that may astonish some here—that this gen-
tleman, so distinguished heretofore in civic station,
! so gloriously associated of late with battle-fields of
! immortal renown, has been more persecuted, more
! fiercely assailed, more unkindly dealt with, than
• any public man has ever been in this country from
| the foundation of our Government up to the pres-
i ent time.
1 And why—oh! why has this been the case ? I
1 .will not charge honorable gentlemen with being
| controlled by personal prejudice or mere partisan
i feeling; but I tell them, upon much consideration,
j that such will be the general opinion of the coun-
| try, and they will find it exceedingly difficult here-
after to explain their present course, either to their ■
own constituents or to the Republic at large.
Sir, a little more than eighteen hundred years
ago, the Redeemer of mankind was arraigned upon
false charges, and subjected to ignominious death.
When brought before Pontius Pilate—a Roman
officer, who seems not to have been so impervious
to sentiments of manly sympathy as some whom
I could name, not far distant from me—he pro-
pounded the question, " What shall I do, then,
with Jesus, which is called Christ r" The unfeel-
ing multitude around are represented to have ex-
claimed, "Let him be crucified!" And when the
Governor said, " Why, what evil hath he done?"
the same multitude, we are informed, again vocif-
erated, "Let him be crucified!" And "when
Pilate saw that he could prevail nothing, but that
rather a tumult was made, he took water and
' washed his hands before the multitude, saying, I
: am innocent of the blood of this just person: see
ye to it." And we learn further that the multi-
tude again exclaimed, " His blood be on us and
our children!" For nearly two thousand years
has this self-invoked curse rested on the descend-
ants of those who murdered the Saviour of the
world. And now let me say to honorable Senators,
and others who have been concerned in the odious
proceedings which have been for two days past in
progress in this body, that we wash our hands of
the innocent blood of this just person, who has
been the subject of unfeeling persecution before
the country. Let honorable Senators take heed Jo
themselves that they suffer not hereafter some por-
tion of that curse under which the whole Jewish
; nation has been groaning for so many centuries.
Mr. President, when 1 had fiist the honor of a
seat in this body, I received various monitions
from distinguished Senators here as to the import-
ance of rigidly enforcing, in all cases, the usages
of the "Senate. These usages, in their full extent,
have never commanded my cordial lespect or un-
qualified admiration. There are several of them
to which I have expressed, at different times, more
or less of opposition, and I have even gone so far
as to urge their repeal, insisting that they were of
evil tendency, and mischievous m their operation.
But certain worthy gentlemen here have uniformly
urged on such occasions, that the usages of the
Senate should be held sacied, and neither relaxed
nor modified, except m obedience to some impe-
rious necessity. When I have recited the maxim
of the common law to such Senators "malus tistis
abolenduseit"— though great admirers, professedly,
of the common law, these gentlemen have not been
inclined to pay the least respect to this well-known
principle. No, sir, the usages of the Senate—the
usages of the Senate!—were to be preserved and en-
forced in defiance of objections, and without regard
to consequences. Let me ask these Senators, and
especially my friend from North Carolina, [Mr.
Badger,] how he can reconcile it to his sense of
propriety to refuse his support to the motion before
us, though it has been proved so satisfactorily to
be fully justified by precedent, and so strictly in
conformity with Senatorial usage? Why shall not
the course recently pursued in the case of the
honorable Senator/rom Maryland (now Attorney
General of the United States) be pursued in the
case before us? "Will any gentleman undertake to
