1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
349
Senate of the U. S.
Case of General Shields—Debate.
Special Session.
state grounds of exception connected with the par-
ticular circumstances of the case under considera-
tion which would justify a departure from usage,
and a violation of precedent? This, I am' sure,
will not be done, and certainly has not been at-
tempted heretofore.
Mr. President, those who have inspected the
"pictured page" of Livy, and have made them-
selves familiar with those high examples which
the history of the Roman republic affords for the
eternal instruction of mankind, will recollect the
case of one Marcus Manlius, surnamed Capito-
iinus, on account of his heroic defence of the Ro-
man Capitol, when all that remained of the glory
and strength of the republic was to be found within
the compass of a single edifice, whilst the fierce
barbarians of Gaul dominated over the whole city
besides, on either bank of the Tiber. This Marcus
Manlius, by feats of extraordinary heroism, had
successfully defended the capitol against nocturnal
surprise, and had thus secured the admiration and
gratitude of his countrymen. He was afterwards
suspected, upon grounds more or less plausible, of
conspiring against the institutions of his country—
of engaging in a scheme of establishing a mon-
archy, of which he was to be the head. A legal
prosecution was commenced against Manlius, and
he was subjected to trial in the field of Mars, in
sight of the capitol which he had rescued from
destruction. It was soon perceived by the tribunes
who superintended his trial that it was impossible
to convince the piultitude of his guilt whilst they
occupied "a situation where even their eyes must
remind them of such an honorable exploit;" where-
fore, adjourning the trial, they summoned a meet-
ing in the Petehne grove, on the outside of the
Nomentan gate, from whence there was no view
of the capitol; and the people's mind being un-
moved by any foreign or adventitious circum-
stance, a severe sentence, and which excited hor-
ror even in the breast of his judges, was passed
on him. Manlius was afterwards punished as a
traitor, by being cast down the Tarpeian rock!
Livy informs us further, that" ashort time after,
' the people, recollecting only his virtues, were
' filled with deep regret for his loss. A pestilence,
* too, which presently followed, without any ap-i
' paient cause of so great a malady, was attributed
* by most men to the punishment inflicted on Man- '
' lius. 'The capitol,'they observed, 'had been i
' polluted with the blood of its preserver, and had
' given displeasure to the gods, that the person by I
' whom their temples had been rescued out of the I
' hands of the enemy should be brought before !
' their eyes, in a manner, to sutler punishment.'"
And now, Mr. President, a few words by way of
application.
This countryman of ours has been guilty of no
crime, privately or publicly; his misfortune, if
misfortune it be, is to have been a native of a for-
eign country. Though born elsewhere than in
the United States, he has never failed to sympa-
thize with our progress as a nation; and for years
past he has performed all the duties of citizenship
creditably. Within two years, this persecuted hero
has had it in his power to give evidences of true
Jhnerictin feeling which few native-born Americans
have been able to exhibit; he has been baptized m
blood and fire into our American family upon the
battle'plains of Mexico, and the heroic deeds of
this man have become part of our national history.
The renown which he has acquired has penetrated
every part of the Republic; there is 110 neighbor-
hood 011 this side of the Atlantic into which his
name has not long since become familiar, and his
fame become established.
Is any one so daring as to call this man in ques-
tion in the presence of those who are familiar with
all his deserts? Will any man dare to condemn
him without the imputation of crime,and in a legis-
lative body where his merits have been more than
once acknowledged, and his heroic achievements
more than twice signally recognized ? Shall a man
who has been faithful in peace, and in war glorious,
be discredited before the civilized world, without
crime and without fault, ill the very Chamber
where hii deeds have been solemnly enrolled for
perpetual remembrance, and his claim to public
honor and gratitude confessed, with all tne solem-
nities which belong to the most formal national
legislation ? Will the Senate of the United States
undertake to declare this person an impostor and a
usurper, and refuse him all the privileges and cdlir-
tesies of co-citizenship because he chanced to be
borne in Ireland, and fought in maintenance of our
honor as a nation on foreign shores ?
If, Mr. President, this wsre a Mexican Congress
—(as it is not)—if it were such a Mexican Con-
gress as, a few months since, decreed peculiar
honors to certain statesmen, who, to their eternal
disgrace, threw their whole weight and influence
against their own country, and in favor of a semi-
barbarous foe, I should not be surprised that any
member of it should willingly participate in such
acts of legislation as might tend to disgrace those
who have earned distinction as leaders of that
thrice-glorious band who won immortality atChur-
ubusco, at Chapultepec, and at Mexico. But I
cannot believe that any considerable number of this
American Senate can unite in a vote which would
at the same time rob our heroic brethren of their J
merited renown, and plunge the nation itself into
eternal disgrace.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not know how far I may
be, by implication, subject to the profuse, extrav-
' agant, and accumulated abuse which has been
; heaped upon the majority of this Senate.
; Mr. FOOTE. I did not allude to the Senator.
! Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, there is nothing
; in the subject itself—nothing, so far as I have ob-
served, in the temper which has been exhibited on
the part of those who voted with the majority—to
have called forth the excitement which has been
manifested upon a simple question of carrying out
the construction of the Constitution of the United
States. I, for one, sir, and I believe all of us,
acting under the obligations of that instrument,
have elevated ourselves pven above the strong in-
ducements to gratify our sympathy. I know of
no such preconcerted purpose as has been alleged j
of kicking the incumbentout of this House. I was '
struck with the impropriety of the language of the ■
Senator from Illinois, and I wish that the Senator
from North Carolina had persisted m his question I
of order. Sir, my feelings have been favorable to !
General Shields; and if his friends had taken the'
course indicated by him, we should have had j
nothing of this disagreeable exposure. Now, what j
is the proposition which is inveighed against with j
so much vehemence? It is that some of us have I
refused to take up the resignation of General!
Shields of an office which we say, under the Con- I
stitution, he never held. Now, would it not be
' a fallacy, to use no stronger term, for us to send a
i communication to the Executive of Illinois to say j
j that General Shields has resigned, and that, there-
j fore, the office is vacant ? The Senator from North
j Carolina presented the matter to us so clearly
j that I thought all must have understood it; that
| he had nominally filled the office, yet, it having
I turned out to be by an illegal title, it was as though 1
j he had never filled it at all. That is the view that I
I have taken. |
I Mr. DOWNS. If that be the correct view, what |
! necessity is there for passing the resolution? j
:j Mr. RUSK. A#other question: Why may not
h a person resign an office that is held without an-
il thority with the same propriety as one that is held
I with authority?
|! Mr. BUTLER. I do not say that General
ji Shields might not have resigned in the first hi-
ll stance; but when the matter was brought up in
i! this Senate, we were bound to give our judgment
" upon it. And we ought to certify that judgment
to the Executive of Illinois, not to control his
ji action, for we cannot control him by any action of
i ours. But are we, who believe—and 1 am aston-
i ished when I hear legal men disputing about a
matter of this kind—we who maintain that the
election, ab initio, conferred no right upon this
gentleman to occupy a seat here—are we to be
1 reproached in the strong language of the gentle-
j man from Illinois? As to the Senator trom Mis-
sissippi, Ido not mean to reply to him. [A laugh.]
I mean it with great respect to him.
Mr. FOOTii. I know that, sir.
Mr. BUTLER. But I do mean to say to the
Senator from Illinois that his language was alto-
gether too extravagant.
; Mr. FOOTE. Will my friend from South Caro-
Una allow mc to say that we are both impulsive;
and 1 hope that due allowance will be made.
Mr. BUTLER. The Senator from Illinois has
i used rather strong language, in imputing to the
Senate a want of courtesy. His language implies
something of substance. He intimates that a de-
sign exists to offer an insult to the State of Illinois,
and that this is manifested in our refusal to accept
the resignation of an office which has never been
filled. I deem it to be a matter altogether super-
erogatory to send a communication to the Execu-
tive of Illinois, stating that the office of Senator
has become vacant by resignation. It would be
more than that, it would be untrue. The office
has not become vacant by resignation; it has be- i
come vacant in a very different way. Sir, I do
not stand here to vindicate my motives to this
•body or to the public; and I assert only what are
my feelings when 1 say that the fame of General
Shields is mingled with that of some of the heroes
of my own State, and that I would be the very last
man to offer him an indignity.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. 1 owe it Jo myself, I
think, to make a few remarks upon this question,
although I am aware of the impatience of the Sen-
ate. I cannot vote for this resolution, which it
appears the majority are about to force us to adopt.
And I wish to assign the reasons why I cannot
vote for it, and why I think it ought not to be
adopted. The controversy, sir, may .have nar-
rowed down to the meaning of words. Perhaps,
in the opinion of some, it has come to that. But,
in the opinion of others, there is a substantial dif-
ference between the views of the majority who are
about to adopt this resolution and of those who
think it ought not to be adopted. The language
employed in the resolution conveys ideas, 111 the
truth of which I have no belief, and against which
I rise to make a short protest. This resolution
says that the election of General Shields is void.
And the gentleman from Virginia has given a defi-
nition of what he means by the terms void and
voidable. Sir, with great respect for that gentle-
man, 1 do humbly conceive that he has misiaken
the legal definition of the terms altogether. He
says "void" is that which never can be made
good; and "voidable" that which can be made
good. I think it is not so, sir. According to my
idea of the definition of the term " void," it is that
which never possessed any validity. It is that
which was a'nullity in its inception, a nullity at
the end, and a nullity in all the intermediate stages.
That is the thing that is denominated " void" m
law. Now, sir, if that is the idea intended to be
conveyed by this resolution, 1 deny its truth in
point of law. The gentleman from Virginia made
his argument suicidal; for, after giving us this defi-
; nition, he intimated that the office was filled, and
j that the powers and privileges of the office could
be legitimately exercised by the person filling it. '
Now, if that be the case, it certainly cuts the throat
of his definition of the, term "void." ♦
Sir, if this office exercised by General Shields
while he was here be void in legal parlance, it is
no more than if this Senate had allowed any other
man from Illinois to occupy the place. They
might just as well have taken up any Methodist
preacher, for 1 have one in my eye who lives in
j that State, and have allowed him to vote as a Sen-
1 ator from Illinois. Sir, the term '■ void," as de-
! fined by the Senator from Virginia, is not applica-
1 blc to this subject. Now let us see, if you please,
; how this thing will work itself out; and if it does
i not strike every member here as extraordinary,
■ (I will not say ridiculous.) I will give it up. You
i are required to keep ajournal of your proceedings,
j and you begin by recording the names of those
j who constitute the body; and when one of the
number ceases to be a member, you omit his name
, from the record. And now you enter upon your
Journal that General Shields had 110 right to sit
here at any time; that his election was void ab
\ initio; that is the language of the resolution. And,
1 in your Journal, you have the yeas and nays,
j showing by whose votes laws weie passed. Here
is an act passed by a majority of tie votes of the
. Senate, which majority comprehends the vote of
General Shields among others; and, upon reckon-
ing the number of affirmative and negative votes,
if you do not count his vote, the majority will be
the other way. I put this case by way of illustra-
tion. it was so in the New Jersey case. Here,
then, your Journal shows that if you take away
the vote of Genera! Shields, you are passing laws
1 by the votes of less than a majority. You are
li passing laws, then, by the vote of a man who has
