050
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 15,
Senate of the U. S.
Case of General Shields—Debate.
Special Session.
no more right to vote than if he had never held a
commission at all. Sir, is that true? Is it not
preposterous to suppose that it is so? #
Sir, this is but avoidable election; it is not void.
What gives the right to an office? Is it not the
commission which the individual receives ? What
gives the right to a tract of land? Is it not the
letters patent which issue from the Government
under the great seal? Tell me, if yoti can, in a
legal point of view, why the same formality, under
the great seal of the State, or under the official
seal of the Governor of the State, will not give the
right to exercise an office, as well as letters patent
convey the title to land? You may evade the-
patent, set it aside; but while it is in force, the title
exists. The prerequisites upon which the grant
is made may have been fraudulent, and the patent
will be subject to be set aside on that account; the
' Government* may have been imposed upon by a
man who pretended to be a soldier, and entitled to
his bounty land in virtue of his military services,
when at the same time he had rendered no service
at all. When you find out the want of qualifica-
tion, as in this case, you take away the commis-
sion. So in the case of ihe pretended soldier, you
take away the patent. But, sir, while the grant
remains in full force, the soldier, or this pretended
soldier rather, can oust any person in an action of
ejectment. He has the title of the Government,
and if the patent is never repealed he holds the title
forever; and so of this title to office under the com-
mission of the Governor of Illinois. The office is
held, and legitimately held, until the commission
is taken away. Now, what is meant by " void-
able" in law? A thing that is merely voidable in
law stands as valid until you void it. To illustrate:
an infant's contract is voidable. If he does not
choose to rely on the infancy, it stands as valid.
You bring suit against him. If he does not put in
a plea of infancy, you obtain judgment,-and sell
his property under execution. A variety of other
instances might be mentioned. Cut the idea that
I have of the term " voidable" is, that the thing
the proceedings of the State authorities as well as j
the commission of the* Governor, are a nullity; )
that is, that they never had the least shadow of |
validity. You then come to the determination j
. arrived at by the Senator from Georgia the other j
| day, that the office was never filled, and that there j
was nothing that could be resigned. Now, eir, j
speaking to Kentuckians, where we have such j
multitudes of land patents for the same tract of}
land, we know that the junior patent is worth
something, though there can be but one valid title ,
to one tract. Sir, there is no conflict here, arising !
from different commissions. There is but one j
commission, and that commission is found to be i
invalid, on account of want of qualification on the ;
part of the person to whom it was given. That ]
j want of qualification may have been unknown to j
1 the individual at the time of the election, and, ■
! from what has taken place here, I suppose was
! unknown. In view of all these things, I insist
: upon it that this commission which this gentleman i
J held was valid to all intents and purposes until ;
j the investigation took place. I would take away ^
I the commission upon the facts before us; but 1 !
j would not do it as this, resolution proposes, be- j
i cause as soon as you declare that the office was i
L vacant from the 4th of March, you will determine, |
j if you carry out the principle, that it cannot be j
| filled by gubernatorial appointment; and therefore i
; the office must remain vacant until the Legislature t
; meets two years hence. 1 can sanction no such :
; principle as that. I believe it to be erroneous from \
j beginning to end. I believe the commission to be i
! valid until we take it away. When we take it :
i away, then the office is vac,ant, and the Governor
| may appoint. The commission, therefore, is void- j
i able, and not void. The whole proceeding is void
believe that this office was null from the beginning,
inasmuch as they can vote, it seems to me, with
those who think that he was not entitled to his
seat, because he had not been naturalized nine
years prior to the commencement of the time of
service, that they will vote for this amendment. It
will not compromit them; and when the Governor's
appointee appears here next winter, if they think
proper, they can refer his credentials to a commit-
tee and raise this question. But do they wish, in
that event, to have the record now made up in that
behalf, so that when the appointee makes his ap-
pearance here, under the Governor's commission,
those who think differently from them shall be
silenced by the production of the record? I hope
not. I thought that it was proper to place myself
right before my constituents, by expressing these
views; and I shall be constrained to vote against
the resolution unless amended.
Mr. DAWSON. I had "not intended duiing
this session to say one word to the Senate of the
United States upon any question; but the char-
acter of the debate, during this day, has induced
me to forego that determination. I am unused
to these scenes in the Senate, and I am not ac-
customed either to be individually or collectively
charged with things inconsistent with my char-
acter, or with the whole course of my life; to
have it proclaimed before the American people
that I have been one of a combination to form a
persecution against any honorable citizen of this
country; and I think it unjust tbat such declara-
tions shoujd be made, and be allowed to go before
the country, so as to lead the public to believe that
there was some ground for the allegation. So far
as I am concerned, I disclaim it utterly. All this,
Mr. President, is said to be allowable by the law
able merely, and not void. It is liable to be set |; parliamentary, the freedom of debate. It may be
aside by our action, and this resolution makes it \ so, sir; but, for one, though I would not have said
void from the beginning. In that respect I cannot anything, were it not that imputations have been
vote for it. j; cast even upon the young members of this body,
Having now shown the basis upon which my jj which, if allowed to go before the country uncon-
vote rests, I am not sure but I ought, in justice to : tradicted, may be prejudicial to them, I beg leave
stands as valid until it is set aside. Such is the [! those who think as I do, to offer, at the proper ;| to say now, once for all, that in my intercourse
„<• ,i>,„ (lmCi thiS amendment. And, when I do offer it, ;] with my fellow Senators, and in my demeanor
case here. The commission of this gentleman
stands as valid, like the patent, until by ihe action
of this body it is nullified and voided. It is good
until we act upon it.- But here we have a resolu:
tion which proposes to declare that the election
was from its very inception void. Sir, it some-
times occurs at an election that an individual is
elected to office by illegal votes. But it is neces-
sary to a valid election that he should receive a
majority of the votes of all the qualified electors
who go to the polls. But A B, having received a
majority of the votes given, although not a major-
ity of the legal votes 
Mr. HALE. If the gentleman will yield the
floor, I will move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. WEBSTER. If the honorable Senator
from Kentucky is willing to suspend his remarks,
1 desire that the subject should be passed by, in
order that we may have an Executive session. ;
Mr.-HALE. 1 will move, then, that the further ;
consideration of the subject be postponed until to- i
morrow. j
The question being put, the motion was, upon i
a division, negatived: Ayes 15, noes 20. j
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I shall be brief. I was j
putting a case in which an individual is elected by j
illegal votes, but obtains his certificate according to \
the legal form. That certificate, 1 contend, con- :
I hope the Senate will give us the yeas and nays;
and those who think as I do, that General Shields
was not entitled to a seat here, will be enabled to
show the principle upon which they act. That is
all I want. I shall therefore move, at-the proper
time, to strike out the word " void," and insert in
place of it that he is not entitled to the seat, or
words to that effect, because he has'not been nine
years naturalized, according to the idea suggested
by the Senator from South Carolina. If this
amendment prevail, I believe the resolution will
then command the universal vote of the Senate; I
do not believe there will be a dissenting voice. But
by forcing upon the Senate this doctrine, that the
whole proceeding was void from the beginning,
you leave it to be understood that this office has
| never been filled since the 4th of March; and that
is reversing completely the precedents heretofore
settled. .Leave it according te these precedents;
then, after October next, the Governor may confer
the appointment upon General Shields, or any-
body else, arid the State will not be deprived of
her representative for two years. I am aware that
the Senator from North Carolina—and I was grat-
ified with his remarks—thought that the effect
which I am now pointing out would follow.
Mr. BADGER. Allow me to say that the Sen-
stitutes a valid election until it is set aside by the , ate has never decided any such proposition,
competent tribunal The man that is elected does ; Mr. UNDERWOOD. I am most happy to hear
not himself know that he is elected by illegal votes, ' it. I have not looked at the decisions; and I pre-
rie j<3i perfectly conscientious in holding the office; ;■ sume my friend from North Carolina has. I am
and if you do not say that the forms of law, that ; happy to hear it; because, when I looked at the
have been observed until the investigation takes !' Constitution, and heard
place, renders such election and return valid, what 1
do you do' You impute to him who holds the j
office the frauds that have been committed by I
others. The Dmiversal practice is, to regard every- I
thing as good and valid until an investigation takes '
the doctrine laid down
which has been advanced by Senators, the inquiry
rose in my mind, how, under the Constitution,
such a principle could be established. I hope the
Governor will make the appointment, and send a
gentleman here to fill the oifice, at all events. But
place and defects are discovered. And here, sn-, , ■ if you adopt the resolution as it now stands, you
vmW*allT? UP-'" WHCl? y°U T S°'"g t0 i. W1  adopting the doctrine of my judicial friend
that h,^ Iwh pnnClpies if. Iaw' al?d determine I over the way, that this office was vacant and never
the individnal n«TaSr T Y T*"' u"f. "f' ? £"Cd; 'hat the e,eCtl°" %vaS yoid ttb initio' "n<i that
office And t ir,"7 r'° •°'d the > bel"? when cases of this kind occur here-
tended for result in h,f ^ dof'lne con: after- your will be tied; and such vacancies
that thi, nffi™ nl h i' d,etermined i, cannot be filled by Executive appointment. Now,
rife of vfnr 3r, S *%" ?hat 18 thc 1 am not «> take such a course. I hope
of your resolution. you determine that *11II then, sir, as it will not compromit gentlemen who'
before this body, the feelings of every gentleman
will be respected; and I will never make imputa-
tions for the purpose of strengthening my argu-
ment, and, when their offensiveness is noticed,
withdraw them.
Mr. FOOTE. Does the Senator allude to me?
Mr. DAWSON. Of course.
•Mr. FOOTE. I will explain, if the Senator will
allow me.
Mr. DAWSON. Certainly.
Mr. FOOTE. What I said was intended to ap-
ply generally. I certainly did not allude directly
or indirectly to the Senator from Georgia. He has
hitherto observed such silence that it was impos-
sible for me to know what the course of that Sen-
i ator would be. My language was general. Afid
it was general, only because I felt bound to ob-
!' serve the rules of parliamentary decorum. But I
! wish to be distinctly understood that what I said,
i- I said deliberately: and as to its applicability,
| those may apply it who feel that it *is applicable
|j to them.
|j Mr. DAWSON. Then, of course, it has no
'! applicability to me, or to any Senator with whom
;; 1 have acted. It depends entirely upon their own
| consciences to judge of the applicability. And I
j am veiy sure that no Senator here would he guilty
j, of an act of impropiiety, or be warning m magria-
; nimity; particularly towards an individual so dis-
! tinguiehed in the service of the country as General
I Shields. Now, I will pass from that to my friend
from Illinois—and he will pardon me for calling
him so, though I do think it was unkind and un-
generous in him to send abroad an imputation
upon Senators as being engaged m depreciating a
magnanimous man, who lias distinguished him-
self in the service of thc country. If there is a
heart here that can feel more sympathy than an-
■ other for a gallant soldier—if there is a gentleman
; in this Senate whose sympathies are awakened in
behalf of General Shields,—it is because by <ia-
' ture he sympathizes with what is noble. If there
be one who entertains a higher personal respect
for him, who has a higher appreciation of the
services he has rendered than 1 have, I know him
■ not. But our sympathies must not be permitted
- i to stand in the way of our duty. They must bow
