1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL, GLOBE.
851
Senate of the U. S.
Mr. Atchison chosen President of the Senate pro tempore.
Special Session.
submissively to the oath that we have taken to
support the Constitution of the country. But are
we to be held up to the world as being the perse-
cutors of Genera! Shields—as thrusting him out
of the body merely for the sake of gratifying po-
litical predilections? Such an idea never entered
my mind; and I believe that it never entered the
mind of any Senator who voted upon the question.
But I did not rise for this merely, because I know
my southern friends; 1 know the impulsiveness of
their character. I felt it due to myself, however,
to have it thoroughly adjusted and settled. It is
all past. I come down now to the question. And
in the language of the Senator from South Caro-
lina, I say it is a question of mere constitutional
law. What is it? General Shields, as Senator
elect for Illinois, comes here with the certificate of
election, places it before the Senate, and takes his
seat as a member of the body. Taking up the
report of the committee, we find it suggested that
General Shields is not entitled to the seat. Why?
Because he is not constitutionally qualified. The
question of constitutional qualification has been
referred; and that committee has reported that he
is not entitled to a seat on this floor, upon the
fround that his election was null and void. And
ere comes in the great question involving the dis-
tinction between what is void in law and what is
merely voidable. I will not delay the Senate by
drawing the distinction. But I merely put an anal-
ogous case, and jit will be a reply to the argument
of the Senator from Kentucky. Suppose that A
and J3 are married, and that there are preexisting
causes, which, according to the common law,
would render the marriage, when investigated be-
fore the proper tribunal, null and void. But the
ceremony is performed—they are married—they
become husband and wife, and subsequently a bill
of divorce is filed; the cause is carried to trial, and
those preexisting causes are declared to be a suffi-
cient ground of divorce: is not the marriage null
from the beginning?
Mr, FOOTE. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question ?
Mr. DAWSON. Certainly.
Mr. FOOTE. Does not the Senator consider,
that where the parties have children, they arc not
legitimate*
Mr. DAWSON". Certainly; the common law
regulates, that. The reason is clear. It goes upon
the principle that the contract was^absolutely void
from the beginning. The parties could not legally
enter into it. That is the ground. Hence the con-
tract is declared to be a nullity, or, in other words,
void ab initio.
Mr. FOOTE. Then the children will be nullhis
Jilii.
Mr. DAWSON. Yes, sir. The principle is
the same m this case. General Shields was elected
as Senator contrary to the Constitution, which
prohibits his election. And, so soon as the fact is
ascertained, what is the result? Here is the tri-
bunal which declares that he was not constitu-
tionally qualified. What is the result? Why, that
his election, of course, was void, because he has
not the constitutional qualifications. He had not
the qualifications that are required to exist prior
to the election. The election cannot give him
those qualifications; nor can this body give them.
Is not the pioposition clear? And shall unjust
imputations be cast upon Senators for coming to
this conclusion, when the conclusion is inevitable?
It is the duty of every Senator to see that the coun-
try is rightly informed; and a wise and considerate
people will ne\er be prejudiced against Senators
who act in conformity with the oath they have
taken to support the Constitution. But the Sen-
ator from Illinois complains, and of course com-
plains of me, because 1 have been voting opposite
to him; because 1 am about to vote for the resolu-
tion declaring General Shields's seat vacant. Now,
let me give him reasons for it, and see whether the
Ameuean people will sustain his complaint. Let
us look at it. You ask me to vote that General
Shields'^ seat is vacated by his resignation. Had
General Shields anything to resign? He could
not take office, on uccount of preexisting causes.
How, then, can you call on me to instruct the
President of the Senate to direct a communication
to the Governor of the State of Illinois, declaring
that a seat in the Senate of the United States has
become vacant by the resignation of General
Shields? Here is the difference: the seat has not
become vacant by the resignation of General
Shields, but by the failure of the Legislature to
elect a Senator possessing the prerequisite qualifi-
cations, And the gentleman is alarmed lest the
State should be disfranchised; and he seems to
suppose that Senators or> this side of the Chamber
take pleasure in the prospect 
Mr. FOOTE. Does theSenator mean to express
the opinion that General Shields never has been a
Senator here ?
Mr. DAWSON. I do, most decidedly. The
Constitution says that no man who has not been
a citizen of the United States for nine years shall
be a Senator of the United States. Then, if we
cannot make a Senator contrary to the Constitu-
tion, he of course never was a Senator. There is
a vacancy. Whose fault is it? We say it is the
fault of the Legislature, who have not legally filled
the vacancy. But gentlemen on the other side say
that the vacancy has been created by the resigna-
tion of General Shields; and that, if we do not so
declare, the result will be prejudicial to the State,
because the Governor cannot appoint. My own
impression is, that the Governor of the State of
Illinois now has the right to fill the vacancy, be-
cause the Constitution says that when a vacancy
is created by death, resignation, or otherwise, the
Governor may appoint. Under that last phrase,
I take it that if the Legislature of a sovereign State
fail to discharge its duty, Executive power, under
the Constitution of the United States, can be exer-
cised. These are my views, sir. I regret that I
have delayed the Senate &s long as I have on this
question.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I wish to reply to the
gentleman in reference to the case which he has
put. The difficulty that arises is this: The gentle-
man gives us a case, in which there is an express
declaration that the contract shall be void ab initio.
If there were any such express declaration m the
law or m the Constitution, in reference to this case
that it should be void, it would be so. But,on the
contrary, it is a simple prohibition, just as in the
case of a land title, and one case is as good as a
hundred. There being no such express declara-
tion, the election is voidable only: that is the dis-
tinction.
Mr. MASON. The Constitution of the United
States declares that no person shall be a Senator
who has not been a citizen of the United States for
nine years. Now, I ask, is there any power in
the Senate, or anywhere else, to make a man a
Senator who has not this constitutional qualifica-
tion ?
Mr. CASS. I have listened with attention, if
not with profit, to this long debate; and I have not
the vanity to suppose that I can add anything to
the stock of information that has been elicited in
its progress. I have heard a good deal of sound
argument, of vivid declamation, and of legal learn-
ing, and I shall not attempt to add anything. I
merely rise to say that I shall not vote for the reso-
lution; for I consider, with the Senator from Ten-
nessee, that it is an abstraction; that it is a decla-
ration that has no practical applicability to any
question that is legitimately pending before the
Senate. General Shields is not claiming a seat.
It seems to me, therefore, that this declaration on
our part is not merely a work of supererogation,
but an assumption of power that does not belong
to the Senate. In my opinion we might as well
pass a judgment upon the qualifications of any
other Senator as upon those of General Shields;
and for that reason I shall not vote.
The question being taken upon the amendment,
it was adopted.
Mr. UNDERWOOD then moved to strike out
the word you/, and insert " does not entitle him to
a seat as such m this body."
Upon this motion the yeas and nays were or-
dered, and, being taken, were as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. AtchUon, Bradbury, Davi  of Mississippi,
Douglas Downs, Felcb, Fitzpatnck, Tootc. Jones, Norns,
Rusk, Soul*. Sturucon, Undeiwood, :ind Yulce—15.
NAYS—Messrs Badser, Baldwin, Bel), Betrien, norland,
Bright, Butler, Calhoun, Clarke, Cooper, uoiwin, Da\is of
MAs^nehu^ett*. Dawson, Dickinson, Gioem',
ter. M.mgum, Mason, .Miller,Mot ton. Phelps, Seward, Smith,
Spiuanee, IJpham, Wales, and VVcbsici— '2d.
Mr. DOUGLAS then moved to amend by stri-
king out all after the word <{ resolved," and insert-
ing the following: "That^he Vice President be
* requested to notify the Executive of Illinois that
' the Hon. .Tames Shields has resigned his seat
* in this body." And upon that motion he asked
for the yeas and nays.
They were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I do not perceive
the object of this motion; because I am one of those
who consider the resignation of the member elect
from Illinois is properly to be made to his own
State, and that the Senate has received notification
thereof. He has withdrawn from the Senate. So
far, therefore, as we are concerned, his resignation
is complete. I voted for the amendment of the
Senatorfrom Kentucky, because 1 thought it could
do no harm. The Constitution provides the mode
of keeping the Senate f^ll. The Legislature of the
State has made an election; and whether the mem-
ber goes out by resignation, by rejection, or by
any other mode than by the expiration of the term,
I conceive that a vacancy such as is contemplated
by the Constitution exists; and that a case arises
where, to preserve the full number of Senators in
the body, the Governor can appoint. I do not
intend, however, to dilate upon this, because I
consider the case as having passed from us. But,
as I intend to adhere to the line which I originally
marked out, I have thought proper to state to the
Senate the reason for this vote.
Mr. DOUGLAS. All that I have to say in reply
to my honorable friend is, that the Senate has
endorsed the principle that a Senator may resign
to the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I think, that^s far as the Senate
is concerned, the act is now complete. The res-
ignation has been tendered, and the member elect
has withdrawn. It is a matter now between him-
self and the State.
The question being taken upoft the amendment,
it was rejected by yeas and nays, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cass, Cha-p, Douglas, Downs, Fitz-
patnck, Foote, Jones, Ru«k, Soul£, Sturgeon, Qndervvood,
and Yilee—12.
NAY.^—Messrs, Atchison, Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Ber-
rien, Borland, Bradbury, Bright, Butler, Calhoun, Clarke,
Coopet, Corwm, Davis of Massachusetts, D<ivis of Missis-
sippi, Dawson, Dickinson, Greene, Hamlin, Hunter, Man-
gum, Ma on, Milter, Morton, Phelp-.'Seward, Smiih, ISpru-
ance, Uphain, Wales, Walker, and Webster—32.
The question was then taken on the resolution
as amended, and it was adopted without a divis-
ion.
Mr. WEBSTER moved that a copy of the res-
olution, certified by the Secretary, be transmitted
by the Vice President to the Executive of Illinois.
The motion was agreed to.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of-Executive business, and, after some time spent
therein, adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Friday, March 16, 1849.
The VICE PRESIDENT having absented him-
self agreeably to the intimation given yesterday,
the Senate was called to order by the Secretary.
Mr. MANGUM moved that the Hon. David '
R. Atchison be unanimously chosen Pi evident jof
the Senate pro tempore; which was agreed to.
Mr. Mantgitm and Mr. Cass, at the request of
the Secretary, conducted Mr. Atchison to the
chair.
Mr. BELL, from the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, to which was referred the memorial of Wil-
liam P. Ross and William S. Coody, in behalf of
the Old Settlers or Western Cherokees, complain-
ing that they have been deprived of certain rights
accruing under treaty stipulations, asked to be dis-
charged' from the same, the committee being of the
opinion that they could not act upon the same,
and that it be printed; which was agreed to.
JIA-YO's WORK Oi\ THE TREASURY.
Mr. MANGUM submitted the following reso-
lution:
RegoUe>l, That the Secietary be directed to purchase for
the use of I ho Senate one h limited copies of the woik on the
Tre wirv Pepartrm'Tit, compiled arid published under the
ant'ioritvot the Secictary of the Treasury h> Robert M.uo •
P,ovuied, The price docs not exceed per copy of two
quarto volumes each.
Mr. M. stated that a resolution somewhat sim-
ilar, though with an enlarged object, had passed
the Senate almost unanimously, but it was not
reached in the House during the late session,
i Every gentleman there was aware of the great
