352
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 17, 19, and 30,
Senate op the U. S. Employment of Messengers—Printing—Withdrawal of Papers, &fc.
Special Session.
value of the work. It was one which every officer
of the Government should have; and without
which a new Administration and new officers
would meet with great difficulties. It was a work
which gave most important information, and there-
fore he hoped the resolution would be adopted.
Mr. MASON said he had been directed by the
Library Committee to report a resolution for the
purchase of 1,000 copies of this work, of which
he had made a careful examination, and had satis-
fied himself that it was a work of great value to
public oliicers. That resolution, as had been stated
by the Senator from North Carolina, was not
reached in the House, and hence he hoped this
resolution would be adopted.
Mr. BRIGHT suggested that it be amended by
the substitution of the words " 120 copies" for
" 100 copies."
Mr. MANGTJM accepted the modification, and
the resolution, as modified, was adopted.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. RUSK submitted the following resolution,
which lies over:
Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-arms of the Senate con-
tinue the messengers andfolders during the reecs3 of Con-
gress as long as the public service may require.
Mr. BRIGHT submitted the following resolu-
tion, which lies over:
Resolved, That B. F. Brown be employed as a clerk in
the Senate, under the direction of the Secretary.
Mr. HUNTER asked that John Ramsey have
leave to withdraw from the files of the Senate his !
petition and papers'; which, after a brief conversa- j
tion, was agreed to. I
The PRESIDENT informed the Senate that i
there was no business before it in legislative ses- |
sion; when— . I
On motion of Mr. WEBSTER, the Senate pro-!
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business; J
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were i
reopened, and the Senate adjourned. j
  i
IN SENATE. |
Saturrat, March 17, 1849. j
A message was received from the President of i
the United States, through Colonel Buss, his Pri- ,
vate Secretary. !
The following resolution, submitted yesterday |
by Mr. Rdsk, came up in its order for consid- j
eration: !
Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-arms of the Senate con- j
tinue thK messengers and folders during the recess of Con- j
gress, or as long as the public service may require. j
Mr. BRIGHT moved that it be passed over, as ;
the Senator who submitted it was not then in his |
seat.
The resolution was gassed over accordingly.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr. j
Bright, came up in its order for consideration:
Resolved, That B. F. Brown be employed as a clerk in ,
the Senate, under the direction ol the Secretary.
On motion of Mr. BRIGHT, the consideration I
of the resolution was likewise passed over. [
The PRESIDENT pro tem. announced to the j
Senate that no further business was on the table; '•
when— . j
On motion of Mr. BERRIEN, the Senate pro-1
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business; j
and, after a brief session therein, the doors were
reopened and the Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 19, 1849.
EMPLOYMENT OF MESSENGERS.
The following; resolution, submitted on Friday,
by Mr. Rusk, came up in order for consideration:
Resolved, That the Serjeant-at-arms of ihe Senate con-
tinue the nie&sensers and folder during the recess of Con-
gress, or as long ns the public service may require.
Mr. TURNEY moved to lay the resolution on
the table;.but, at the request of Mr. Rusk, he
withdrew that motion.
Mr. RUSK said all he desited to say about this
resolution was this: there was a very large number
of documents which had been ordered by the Sen-
ate for distribution, not more than half of which
had as yet been received, and unless some arrange-
■ments were made by which they could be folded
and distributed when received, they would lie over
to the next session, when their interest would be
lost. To obviate this he had submitted the reso-
lution. The plan which he had suggested might
not be the best; but unless something was done, a
large number of the documents ordered would lie
here and be useless.
Mr. BRIGHT said the effect of the adoption of
this resolution would be to create a standing ex-
pense of about sixty dollars a day. He thought
the resolution could be so altered as to avoid so
great and unnecessary an expense by providing
that the documents shall be folded and distributed
at so much per hundred. That was the course
adopted by the House of Representatives, by a
faw which it had made. He moved that the res- i
olution be referred to the Committee on the Con- |
tingent Expenses of the Senate, with a view of j
changing its terms as he had suggested. !
Mr. BADGER hoped the motion to refer would 1
not be agreed to. The resolution of the Senator
from Texas was designed to pursue the course in j
which they were in the habit of having their docu-
ments distributed, and he did not see why they 1
should abandon their own plan, that they might j
adopt the plan of the House, unless good reason !
could be shown for the change. ;
Mr. BRIGHT replied that the usual plan of 'j
which the Senator from North Carolina spoke was !t
just one session old, it having been adopted at the M
last session only, previous to which the uniform :j
course had been to pay so much per hundred for |
folding and distributing. Instead of his resolution •
being a departure from the old plan, it was designed
to restore the old plan, which was departed from •
at the last session. If the resolution were referred |
to the Committee on the Contingent Expenses of i
the Senate, it could be so modified as to make it «!
satisfactory to all.
The question was taken on the motion to refer,
and it was found that there was no quorum voting. ,
Mr. BRIGHT desired to make one other remark. ;
The effect of the adoption of this resolution would j
continue the messengers in the employment of the <
Senate, and require a payment of $56 per day, ■
merely for the purpose of keeping them to walk (
about the Capitol until the documents shall be re- !
ceived. And it was a well ascertained fact that ^
they should not get the documents for some weeks ,
to come, and perhaps months. There would be ;
no use, then, to which they could apply the messen- |j
ger3 until the documents were printed .and fur- !
nished, and consequently they would have nothing ,
to do. Dfow, he asked the Senate if they should
continue the payment of so large a sum when there j
was nothing to be done, or whether it would not .
be better to refer the resolution to the Committee I
on Contingent Expenses of the Senate, to be so
1 modified as to provide for falling back upon the
old plan, by which a stipulated sum per hundred :
1 was paid for folding and mailing the documents. \
I The question was again taken, and the motion ;
to refer was agreed to by a vote of 17 to 16.
CLERK IX THE SECRETARY'S OFFICE.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr. j
Bright on Friday, came up in its order for con- '
sideration; ;
Resolved* That B. F. Brown be employed as a clerk in the ,
! Senate, under the direction of the Secretary. ;
On the motion of Mr. BRIGHT, the resolution <
was laid on the table. ;
I PRINTING. j
Mr. FOOTE offered the following resolution: ;
Resolved, That 5.C00 copies of the opinions of the Judges |
of the Supreme Court in 'lie cases- of'- NFoiris ts. tiie Citv of
• Boston," and *• Smith w. Turner,'' he printed for the u^e of -
I the Senile ; the same to be printed in pamphlet form in the
i same style ami manner as the decisions of the isupreme
Court are usually executed.
Mr. BENTON objected, and said he meant to
object regulaily to the transaction of any legisla-
tive business at this Executive session.
Mr. FOOTE wished simply to say that he was
I incapable.of offering anything of a character which
it was not proper for the Senate to act upon,
j Objection being made, the resolution lies over
under the mies.
WITHDRAWAL OF'PAPERS. |
! Mr. MORTON offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That the claimants or their attorneys, in the
| following private eUim , have leave to withdraw tneir pa-
pers from Hie files  f the Senate: The hens of Uartiet ,•
Hinds, the heirs of Joshua Eddy, the heirs of JonaUiau (i
i Smith, the heirs of James Livingston, the heirs of Thomas
Huges, and J. E. Scott, Benjamin Durkee, James Maxwell,
William Torry, Samuel Black, Bartholomew Van Valken-
burg, Christopher Delezenne, Jonathan Johnson, Judah
Alden, James Hook, Drury Ragsdale, Henry Tatem, and
Darius Garrison.
Mr. TURNEY called for a statement of the
reasons for making sueh a motion.
Mr. MORTON replied that it was for the pur-
pose of adding to these papers and presenting them
again at the next session.
Mr. TURNEY objected to this system of with-
drawing papers, when perhaps an adverse report
had been made upon them. He thought, if addi-
tional testimony could be produced, it could be
submitted without withdrawing papers already on
file, from which it was too often the course to ab-
stract that on which an adverse report had been
made. #
Mr. UPHAM hoped the Senate would not per-
mit these papers to be withdrawn. Perhaps there
had been an adverse report upon them. He knew
it had been too much the practice to withdraw
papers when an adverse report was made upon
them, and present the case again at a subsequent
session on a new set of affidavits, all the papers
that were unfavorable being abstracted. A case
had come to his knowledge during the session just
closed, in which a claim was set up for arrears of
pay and commutation of a paymaster, which was
reported upon adversely here and rejected; but at
that same session a bill was passed through the
other House, the claim set up being for services
as a captain. When that bill came to the Senate
he examined the file for the papers on which* that
same person's claim as a paymaster was rejected,
and he found they had been abstracted. He hoped
the Senate would not longer tolerate such a sys- -
tem, unless very good reason should be given.
Mr. YULEE said there was no objection to the
resolution lying over.
It was laid over accordingly.
On motion of Mr. WEBSTER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened,
And the Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 30,^1849.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr. Foqte* came up in its order for consider-
ation:
Resolved, That 5,000 copies of the opinions of .the Judges
of the Supreme Court in the cases of ki Norrts vs. the City
ofltostoa/' and " Smith vs. Turner,be printed for the use
of the Senate; the tamo to be printed in pamphlet form m
the same stjle and manner as the decisions of the Supreme
Court are usually executed.
Mr. BENTON said this was a resolution which
proposed to take money from the contingent fund
of the Senate. Some years ago the Senate adopted
a rule for the purpose of preventing the expendi-
ture of its contingent fund without ample consider-
ation; but, nevertheless, the expenditures from
that fund had got up to an enormous amount. The
rule which the Senate adopted to put a restraint
upon the drawing of money from the contingent
fund first spoke of bills, but afterwards of resolu-
tions, and it put them on precisely the same foot-
ing as bills which passed that body appropriating
money. The 26th rule of the Senate was in these
words:
Everv bill shall receive three readings previous to its
beina passed; and the President shall give notice at each
whether it be the- second, or third, w inch readings shall
he on three different dajs, unless th" Senate unanimously
direct otherwise. And all resolutions proposing amend-
ments- to the Constitution, or to which the approbation ana
signature of the President may he requisite, or which grant
money out of the contingent or any fund, sliall he treated m
all respects, in tne introduction and fotm of proceedings on
them in the Senate, in a similar manner with bills, and au
other resoiuti^is shall he on the table one day for consid-
eration, and also rej>orN of committees.5*
Such was the rule which the Senate some time
since adopted, and at this extra session bethought
it behooved them to confine themselves to Execu-
tive business, and by no means to adventure upon
anything that was legislative, or even qvasi legis-
lative. But, above all; they should conform to the
rule which prohibits the taking of money'fromi the
contingent fund by a simple resolution. W uh these
views, if he had beec here at the time when a res-
olution was passed by this body ordering the pur-
chase of certain books, he should have opposed it.
