1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
353
Senate of the U. S. Delate on Motion to Print certain Opinions of Judges of Sup. Court. New Series No. 23.
[The honorable Senator was supposed to refer to
Mayo's work on the Treasury.] He was not here
at that time, and now, as he had already said to
the Senate, he wished to be considered as making
a permanent objection to the deviation of one iota
from what the rule required respecting the taking
of money out of the contingent fund of the Senate,
the expenditures from which are enormous., and
beyond all precedent. He therefore asked the
Chair to require the rule to be enforced in this case
as in all others. The rule required that any reso-
lution which granted money out of the contingent
fund should be treated in all respects, in the intro-
duction and form of proceeding on it, in a similar
manner with bills. Now they knew that bills
were introduced on leave, after notice, and that
they must have a first and second reading; they
were then referred to a committee, and afterwards
were read a third time and passed. He objected to
this resolution, and to all others of a similar kind,
because, first, it was legislative, inasmuch as it took
money out of the contingent fund; and, in the next
place, because this resolution had not been brought
in in conformity with the rule which governs the
introduction of bills, and the action of this body
upon them.
Mr. WEBSTER remarked that an order passed
the Senate about a month ago directing the Secre-
tary of the Senate to have these opinions printed,
and that order he supposed had been executed, or
was in the progress of execution, and that the res-
olution of the Senator from Mississippi was simply
designed to order an extra number. The opinions
to which the resolution referred were very inter-
esting opinions of the judges of the Supreme Court,
on an important constitutional question, upon
which the court was very much divided, and on
which several very elaborate opinions had been
■ written by the judges, which involved much con-
stitutional learning, and were, therefore, valuable
to every part of the United States. He was aware
that these opinions would be published in the
ordinary annual volume of reports of the Supreme
Court; but, if the Senate made an exception by
ordering the separate printing of the opinions in
these cases, it would be found to be because of the
vast importance of the subject, and because the
reports of the Supreme Court reached but a small
part of the profession, and scarcely any part of the
people of the Uni,ted States. These opinions were
valuable and interesting to every one who wished
to possess knowledge on questions of constitutional
law; and if the object contemplated could be ob
and State of New York. - That could not be ascer-
tained accurately until the Legislature of that
State should be in possession of the opinions of
the Supreme Court, on which its judgment was
based. This, then, was a patriotic and a humane
object, which the Legislature of New York desired
to accomplish. He was not consulted about the
introduction of this resolution; but when he saw
it introduced, he purposed to give it his sanction,
because it would enable him to transmit to New
York at an early day that information which was
%ot only of great value and importance, but indis-
pensable. He hoped the importance of the subject
would be a sufficient inducement with the Senate
to acquiesce in the passage of the resolution,
although, in general, he concurred in the views
of the Senator from Missouri. „
Mr. FOOTE was not so conversant with the
i rules and usages of the Senate as many other Sen-
' ators, and therefore he should not undertake to
I discuss questions of parliamentary order. He would
I not do so for another reason, and that was, that
! he believed the judgment of the most experienced
: members of the body, with but few exceptions,
i would be found to be in favor of the resolution
f which he had introduced. The importance of the
object proposed to be obtained by the resolution j
1 hml been well stated by the Senator from New ]
York, and he should therefore offer no additional i
i suggestion on that head. But with respect to the [
undue waste of the contingent fund of the Senate, j
he trusted he entertained proper sentiments in rela-
tion to that matter. He was not much in the habit
of introducing resolutions of this character; but that
there had been, to a^onsiderable extent, an undue
waste of the contingent fund of the Senate, all who j
knew the history of the Senate for the last two !
years must be well aware, and it would not be very j
difficult to designate the person or persons who j
were most responsible before the country for the |
expenditure of this particular fund. He (Mr. |
Foote) was not responsible, and hewho was might |
apply these inuendoes to himself. It was for each
gentleman to regulate his proceedings here accord- I
ing to his own taste. Some preferred reconnois- j
sances and the printing of maps, while others pre- |
ferred the printing of constitutional decisions in 1
which the people were deeply interested. He
should not stay to argue parliamentary questions.
He should leave such discussions to those who felt
a disposition to engage in them; contenting himself
with making it plain, in a proper spirit, that he j
had not introduced this resolution unduly to waste
the contingent fund "of the Senate.
Mr. BADGER should very much regret if any
insuperable obstacle should be interposed to pre- i
-vent*the adoption of this resolution. For himself, 1
tained in conformity with rale, he should be glad ;
if the Senate would concur in this resolution. It ;
struck him that the Senate had not followed the J
rule quoted by the Senator from Missouri in such i ... . .
cases, and hence he trusted the rule would not be he should be very glad to see it adopted. He be-
applied here. lieved it was highly important to the country that i
Mr. SEWARD said the city of New York was j the opinions referred to in this resolution should ;
the port at which the great tide of immigration from I be printed and distributed, and made generally
foreign countries was received, and the expense ; known. It was well known that a majority of the 1
chargeable on the city had been excessive, and the :| judges of the Supreme Court had pronounced cer-
frauds which had been practised on the immigrants ! tain acts of legislation of several of the States of
had been intolerable. Two years ago the State of this Union to beunconstitutional, and consequently ,
New York adopted a system for the protection of;! a serious evil, which required some legislative in- ,
the immigrants against imposition, and also for i; terposition, was left without any redress. Hewas ;
the protection of the city of New York from the !: of opinion, that in this particular case, the question ,
expense, incurred in taking carc of the sick and ; before the Senate stood on a different footing from
disabled immigrants, who were poured into that ;i ordinary cases that engaged their attention. Gen- |
port at the rate of 2,000, 3,000, 4,000, and even I erally, the decisions of the Supreme Court were j
5 000 aday,from Germany, Ireland,and England— made known through the ordinary channel of the i
a'elass of people that were commended to Jhe sym- ; books of reports, and by that process the ordinary j
pathiea of the people here by the sufferings they : wants of the public were answered; but this decis- j
had endured m their native land. By the operation of , ion rendered it indispensably necessary that some ,
the decision of the Supreme Court, in the cases just : -legislation should be adopted by Congress, and it ,
decided that whole system had been subverted, and , followed, therefore, that it was important thai, the _
the immigrants were left in a state of hopeless desti- community should be aware of what was tne pre- ;
tution. The Legislature of the State of New Yorkeise position of the constitutional law which the
was still in session, and they were desirous to ; majority of the Supreme Court had assumed, aud
know how they could repair and rebuild a system, [| the course of argument upon which their judgment
if it belonged to them to do that duty, which would ; rests. An application must be made at the nex
accomplish the great object contemplated by the ; session of the National Legislature, and to tni-s end
system that had" been so unexpectedly subverted, j, it was highly important that the peop.e of the dif-
They were also desirous to know, if it was not ferentStates should beappnsed^beforehan'^
their province to do that duty, what should be   
done, and in what manner application should be
made to the Congress of the United States, to pro-
vide such a system as will accomplish that import-
ant purpose. When he came here he had it in
chaise to ascertain, if possible, what relief could
be given to the immigrants, and also to the city
23
; constitutional law had been established, and to
whatextentState legislation had been declared to be
1 a violation of the Constitution, and what measure
of legislation could be adopted. And if State
legislation could not be adopted, (and in his judg-
ment it could not,) then it was necessary that it
1 should be'known what lemedial action could be
asked for at the hands of Congress. For these
and other reasons which had been assigned by the
Senator from New York, he thought the adoption
of this resolution was highly important. If there
was an objection to it, it was, that the Senator from
Mississippi had specified too small a number of
copies, and therefore, if no other Senator made the
motion, he should, at the proper time, move to en-
large the number.
The Senator from Missouri had suggested sev-
eral difficulties in the way of the adoption of this
resolution. The first was, that this was a legisla-
tive measure, and therefore that the Senate at this
special session could not entertain it. Now, he
did not distinctly understand in what sense the
Senator used the term legislation. In one sense
every resolution or order which directed the con-
duct of its officers, or ordered anything to be done,
or prohibited anything from being done, might be
said to be legislation; for it was in the nature of a
law to prescribe a rule of conduct. It either com-
manded or prohibited; and if that was all that
was meant, it might be safely admitted to be legis-
lation.
But the only sense in which a measure may be
legislative, so as to expose it to the objection
stated by the Senator from Missouri, as improper
to be entertained at a special session more than at
an ordinary session, was when it prescribed arule
of conduct to which the assent of the other branch
of Congress was necessary, and which the Senate
alone was incompetent to prescribe. But this was
not such a case. The passage of this resolution
was in the power of the Senate alone. It was true
that this was a special session of the Senate. It
was true that this was a session called mainly with
the view of Executive action; but still they were
a Senate, and had all the powers of a Senate of the
United States, as much as when the other House
was in session, to do anything to which the assent
of the other House was not required. In this ses-
sion they were shorn of no power, and he did not
conceive that the Senate on the 10th day of Feb-
ruary last would have the pojyer to pass this reso-
lution or any other of a similar character, which
did not require the assent of the other House, nor
the approval and signature of the President of the
United States, but operated by its own force, and
took effect by the will of the Senate, if they could
not pass it now. It seemed to him that there could
| be no real objection in regard to the power of the
Senate in such a case.
But there was another question raised which
was based on one of the rules of the Senate, which
. required bills and resolutions to be read three sev-
eral times on three separate days, unless unani-
1 mous consent were given to several readings on
the same day. He 'knew not what might have
been the design of the rule referred to by the hon-
orable Senator from Missouri, but he could not
conceive that this resolution fell under the opera-
tion of that rule. If it did, he could only say that
the Senate had been signally unmindful of that
rule; for this, he believed, was the first time that
an attempt had been made to apply it to a resolu-
tion simply ordering the printing of an extra num-
ber of any document which had been ordered to
be printed by the Senate. Tins was the first time
that he had heard it argued that such resolutions
should be read a second and third time, and he
supposed an explanation of the phraseology of the
rule might be gathered from the uniform course of
action of the Senate. He thought it could not be
presumed that the Senate were m the habit of dis-
; regarding and overlooking an established rule of
the Senate. Such a supposition was an imputa-
! tion on the presiding officer and every member of
i the body. Hewas qu'te sure that no resolution
■' ordering the printing of an extra number of any
■ paper had been required to be lead thice dim-rent
' times on three different days since he h<id been a
1 member of the Senate. This was a resolution, he
presumed, which directed the printing of papers
: > by the Congressional printers, under the authority
of the joint resolution by which the contract was
j made with them, one of the conditions of wnich
; contract wa; that they were to print such papers
1 as were directed in be printed by either House of
Congress. In what sense, then, could it be said
to be a resolution to take money out of the contin-
; went fund of the Senate, and to require three reau-
i! on three different days ? If the interpretation
