APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[M arch 20,
Senate of the U. S. Debate <m Motion io Print certain Opinions of Judges of Sup. Court. Special Session.
H  =
of the honorable "Senator from Missouri were cor-
rect, it seemed to him that if a report came to this
body from any one of the departments of this Gov-
ernment during the present session of the Senate,
iti answer to a call made upon it J?y the Senate,
they could not order the printing of the usual
number without three several readings of the reso-
lution offered for that purpose on three several
days, unless the rule should be suspended by
unanimous consent. There was no escape from
that conclusion.
He proceeded to enumerate several instances in
which resolutions ordering large numbers of books
and documents had been passed without any j
attempt being made to apply such a rule. He :
specified a resolution directing the Secretary to I
purchase 10,000 copies of the Constitution pre- ,
pSfed by one of the officers of the Senate; and a
subsequent resolution, ordering 2,000 additional
copies of the same work, which was offered and >
passed on the same day, and said that, as the rule '
had not been heretofore applied, he hoped this
resolution would be passed without its application 1
He believed the resolution to refer to an important
matter, and he hoped the Senate would have no
insuperable objection to its adoption. Before he
they were of a tremulous and uncertain character.
The object of this resolution was to place those
j the law. He hoped that on all occasions when the
' people shall have examined the decisions of the
opinions before the community at an earlier period judges of the Supreme Court, they might have
than they would be in the customary mode. It ji reason to say, "Well done, good and faithful
was not for the purpose of appealing from the de- jj servants."
cision of the Supreme Court. It was simply an :> Mr. BERRIEN had no idea of interposing an
anticipation of thepublicationofthereportsofcases 'objection to the diffusion of knowledge amongst
in the Supreme Court (which were generally much \ the people in regard to the, decisions of the Su-
delayed, and, even when published, were circula-
ted amongst aft exceedingly limited number of
persons) for the purpose of apprising the people and
the State Legislatures and the local courts wha>'
the decision was, arid" how far it reached. He
hoped there would be no question made about the
resolution, but that it would be passed without fur-
ther delay.
Mr. BADGER desired to say a word to place
himself right. The Senator from Georgia supposed
this was an appeal to be made from the decision of
the Supreme Court of the United States to the peo-
ple of the United States; but he would assure that
Senator that it was no part of his purpose to make
such an appeal. He merely wished these opinions ;
circulated for the information of the people. i
He wished the people to know and understand
| preme Court of the United Stales; lirtr did he wish
to ascribe to them any sacredness which was not
! ascribed by the Constitution. But he understood
that the decisions of the Supreme Court were the
; law of the land, and must remain so until Congress
: should decide otherwise by legislative enactment.
Mr BUTLER said he should vote for the res-
\ olution, because he desired to have these opinions
' that he might inform himself of the legislation that
was necessary oil the part of this body; but he
was opposed to the publication of these opinions
for distribution over the United States.
Mr. HUNTER believed that this document
I would be very acceptable to the people. He un-
| derstood that it was a very important one, and he
| should vote, therefore, for the resolution.
The question was then taken on the resolution,
what was the constitutional limit upon the power ;;'and there appeared: Ayes 15, noes 15.
took his seat, he would suggest to the Senator ; of a State on this subject, in order that, if there i|" The PRESIDENT pro lem. voted in the nega-
from Mississippi to modify his resolution by sub-
stituting 10,000 for 5,000.
Mr FOOTE accepted the modification.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, in reference to
the point of order suggested by the Senator from
Missouri, said-, that during the present session,
two similar resolutions had been passed, andssuch
appeared to have been the uniform course of the
Senate. There could, then, be but one other ques-
tion,and that was, whether the resolution required
three readings. He was understood to say that
three readings were necessary, unless dispensed
with by unanimous consent
was any power within that limit which they might* I! tive, and declared the proposition lost
Mr. FOOTE hoped the resolution would be
adopted to-day. He could see no substantial rea-
son why it should be postponed.
Unanimous consent was understood to be given,
and the question recurred upon its passage.
Mr. BADGER, in answer to a question from
exercise fortheirown protection, they might exert j
it; and, if there was no power that they could ex-
ercise, that at the next session of Congress they
might apply to the National Legislature for its
action in their behalf. That was his object. He
would be far from countenancing any resolution
which contemplated an appeaPfrom the judgment
: of the highest court in this country to the people
1 of the United States. He could not see how the ;
people of the United States could reverse a decision
of the Supreme Court. They have no power to
do so, and any such attempt would be irregular,
Mr. BADGER observed there was no quorum
voting.
Mr. FOOTE demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered; and the question having been
laken on the adoption of the resolution as modi-
fied, it was decided in the affirmative, as follows:
VE \S—Messrs. Biidjrer, Borland, Bradbury, Calhoun,
Cass, IMvi* of Mai^acliii<M-tts. Davis of Mi*-i^jppi. Dick-
inson, Douirla*, Downs, Fitzpilriek. Foote,Greene, Hunter,
Maiietim, Mot ton, Norris, flielps, Ku*k, Seward, Turney,
and VV.ile*—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Atrhi«on, Baldwin, Bell, Benton. Ber-
rien, Bright, Butler, Chase, Convin, Dawson, Dodge of
Towa, Hale. Jones, Smith, Spruanee, Underwood, and
Whiteomb—17.
disorganizing,and revolutionary, and he would not
give his consent to it, whether be agreed with the
judgment of that high tribunal or not. The Supreme
Court was the highest tribunal established by ihe
Constitution in this country, and, therefore, its
, ......   , judgment was the authority of the United States,
Mr. Calhoun, said the number (10,000) might speaking through its recognized organs to the peo-
seem large, but it would really only give to each , pie; and, to its judgments, whatever his opinions
Senator about 160 copies. j! might be of them, he would render at once sub-
Mr. BERRIEN rose to state why he could not mission and obedience. But in this particular case
vote for this resolution. He did not object on the jj he thought the judgment of the majority of the
giound stated by others. He believed the Senate i court was right. He thought it was a justexposi-
at mis special session had the control of its ccfrr-1' tkm«£.tb,e Constitution, and he thought also thatthat a sma^ number should be printed; and he
nogent fund; and he did not think that this resolu- : the effect of "that judgment wouULJUe. happy, inas- jj understood from his honorable friend from Illinois
r"on required to be treated as a bill, and be read | much as it would put the subject-matter others that a thousand additional copies for
vnlved under the control of a general regulation, jj ^se-of the Senate would not be more than suf-
affording protection to the people of every State of,'! "Clent> any he was informed that the cost would
the Union, instead of leaving it as it now stands to ' not exceed five hundred dollars.
Mr. FOOTE submitted the following resolution:
Resolved ^ That 500 of the *2 000 copies of the geological
report of David Dale Owen, which were ordered to he print-
ed for the use of the Senate at {he first session of the last
Congress he delivered to the Coiunu^ioner of" the General
Land Office, for the u«?e of hi-; office, and that 1,000 addi-
tional copies be printed (or the u«e of the Senate.
Mr. FOOTE, in presenting the resolution, re-
marked that it was a valuable work, and it turned
out that not a single copy had been retained for
the use of the Department itself. He was desirous
tnrec times on three several days, for the reasons
s'ated by the Senator from North Carolina. But
he rose to allude to the object proposed to be ac-
complished, and that was two-fold. One object
was stated by the Senator from New York, who
said that the Legislature of that Stare was now in
session, and that as that was the central point to
which immigration tends, it was important that
the Legislature should be advised of the decision
of the Supreme Court. Now, most certainly it
was not necessary that the Senate of the United
States should print 30,000 or 5,000 copies of the
decision of the Supreme Court m order that the
the independent action of the different legislatures,
each having different views of the subject, to pre- 1
scribe a diffeicnt rule as its own particular necessi- ,
ties might require, but affording no protection to a
large portion of those who were deeply interested.
Mr. FOOTE also disavowed any intention to
appeal from a decision of the Supreme Court of
the United States to the people of the United States;
but he nevertheless held, as the interests of the
people were to some extent involved in the recent
Legislature of New lork may be advised of that ,j decision, that it might be important that Informa-
oecis.on. It was perfectly easy for the Legisla- 1 '
ture of New York to obtain a copy of the record
Without the intervention of the Senate of the Uni-
ted States. There was therefore nothing in that
argument. The other object struck him to be of
a different character. It wa3 proposed to circulate
these rspers through the United States to invoke
! tion on this subject should go the people of the
! whole country, that they might have the means of
, judging for themselves whether or not the decision
which had been rendered was calculated to militate
against their interests, and if so, that they might
provide such legislation as was necessary to pro-
tect them. He did not agree, however, with the
i • *  wii v uiu nvi uuivi/vvij nim uic
the attention of the people of the United States to ! Senator from Georgia, if he supposed that the de-
a decision of the Supreme Court of the United
States, (n other words, the object was, as he took
it, to take an appeal from the decision of the Su-
preme Court of the United States to the people of
the Onited States. The laws of the United Slates
provide that the decisions of the Supreme Court
sheii be printed, and it was not the province of the
fc>nnau. to any particular decision of that high
'nonnnl. a? it would be marked by their initrven-
'•nn to pr-'tamf dj.sfrih-"? it amount the. people
t .1 i^.j ri, . , i . • ^
!i- ] s" an'J tsii." was the reason why
he eon". \o; we f,«r this retention.
MY. OlCK_<SOX said he hvi only read ex-
tracts from thepo opinions,and should not therefore '
express any judgment upon them further than that '
cisions of the judges, whether belonging to the
supreme appellate tribunal of the United States or
of the State courts, were so sacred as not to be
questioned anywhere except before themselves.
He would pay proper respect to the laws and to
the tribunals acting in the sphere of their consti'u-
tiorKil authority; but the decisions of our tribunals
have heretofore been reveixfd, and he field that
we should not do justice toourxdves and to our
fs'-e institutions if we dui not watch and scrutinize
them. He took it foi granted that judges nut;ht
err. Story had shown cases of leveia.tl of jtulg-
ments, and the learned Biackstone h-id informed
them that the opinions of a court and the law were
not convertible terms, since judges might mistake
Objection having been made, the resolution lies
over under the rule«?.
The PRESIDING OFFICER announced that
he had received from the Clerk of the House of
Representatives a communication.
, It was read by the Secretary as follows:
l Clerk^ Office, Ho. of Reps., March 20, 1849.
To the Pre'itiei I f>f the Seiude:
Sir- It herom*"* m\dim lonotifv the Senate that ihn Hon.
; Rcdotphc-* Dk kiksov, hue member of tin- Hon*-of Repre-
sentative of thf C-ufed Stale*, troni the S[;tt«- of Ono, de-
pund thi- life in "VV.i-iunuton tin- morions . r5o'« lock, and
ih.it the funeral ceremony's wiji lake place from the Hall of
the House of Representatives to-morrow nr WoVinek,m.
THUS J. CAMPBELL.
Clerk of the House of Representatives.
Mr. CHASE rose and addressed the Senate aa
follows;
Mr. President: I am advised that no case has
hitherto occurred of the death of a member of the
other House in this city after its adjournment and
during the executive session of the Senate, f am
therelore without precedent as to the course proper
to be now pursued; but it seems to me highly fit
that some appropriate action should be taken by
tins body m reference to the announcement whicn
h *s just been made.
i had not the ph-asure of personal acquaintance
wfth the de^e-tsed. He was born, I believe, in the
Smic Of M ass.trhosetis. Without the advantages
of fortune, he was compelled to rely on his own
exertions for the means of subsistence <.nd the
advantages of education. He was graduated, I
understand, at Williams College, in the State of
his nativity, and soon afterwards emigrated to the
West, and fixed hi# residence in Ohio.
