
Major Gilliam therefore returns of the enemy. If a parole is granted him until exchanged for an officer of equal grade such exchange will be accepted and we will send an officer of equal grade, and I beg that you give him a letter to that effect.

* * * * *

Your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, VA., March 28, 1862.

SECRETARY OF WAR, C. S. A., Richmond, Va.

SIR: We have the honor to make the following communication concerning our confinement, for the purpose of effecting if possible an advantageous change of our condition as prisoners by exchange or parole:

We arrived in Richmond on parole March 10 and since which time we have suffered confinement, which has now been extended beyond the limits of what we consider to be a temporary duress depending on some immediate military necessity. We respectfully refer to our original paroles,* as well as letter order from Adjutant-General's Office, dated Richmond, January 24, 1862, copies of which papers are herewith inclosed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. V. BROMFORD,

Major Sixth Regiment Infantry, Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel, U. S. Army.

Z. R. BLISS,

Lieutenant, Eighth U. S. Infantry.

J. J. VAN HORN,

Lieutenant, Eighth Infantry, U. S. Army.

[Indorsement.]

Direct General Winder to inform such of the signers as are still here that they are detained because the United States have not reciprocated in the last release of prisoners, and have declined a general exchange, after agreeing to it through General Wool.

G. W. R[ANDOLPH].

[Inclosure.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, January 24, 1762.

Brigadier General P. O. HEBERT,

Commanding Department of Texas, Houston, Tex.:

SIR: The Secretary of War directs that all U. S. officers taken prisoners during the war and now in Texas be sent to Richmond for exchange.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Richmond, Va., March 31, 1862.

Major General B. HUGER, Commanding Department, Norfolk, Va.

GENERAL: On yesterday I wrote you+ that there was no objection to the exchange proposed by General Wool between Colonel Hoffman,
---------------

*Omitted.

+Not found.

---------------

