
SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL EVENTS.

March 13, 1861. -Captain Nathaniel Lyon, Second U. S. Infantry, assigned to the command of Saint Louis Arsenal,with subsequent orders to arm loyal citizens and execute the laws.

May 6, 1861. -Brigadier General Daniel M. Frost, Missouri State Militia, establishes a camp of instruction near Saint Louis, by direction of the governor of Missouri.

10, 1861. -Captain Nathaniel Lyon, Second U. S. Infantry, with a force of U. S. volunteers, makes prisoners of General Frost and his entire command of Missouri Militia.

16, 1861. -Captain Nelson Cole, Fifth Missouri Infantry,enters Potosi and arrests a number of citizens.

July 5, 1861. -Brigadier General McCulloch, C. S. Army, at Neosho, captures and paroles eighty Union soldiers belonging to the command of Brigadier General Franz Sigel, U. S. Army.

29, 1861. -Brigadier General John Pope, U. S. Army, assumes command in North Missouri, with instructions to protect the railroads and suppress local disorders.

31, 1861. -Brigadier General John Pope, U. S. Army, issues General Orders, Numbers 3, and formulates a plan for the suppression of the lawless elements and permanent pacification of North Missouri.

Aug. 16, 1861. -Marauders fire into a passenger train upon the Hannibal and Saint Joseph Railroad.

28, 1861. -The War Department, at Washington, directs that certain paroled prisoners be discharged from the military service of the United States.

30, 1861. -Major General John C. Fremont, U. S. Army, proclaims martial law throughout Missouri; orders the arrest of all disloyal persons found within the Union lines armed, and the confiscation of their property, and directs that the extreme penalty of the law be inflicted on the destroyers of railroad and telegraph lines, bridges, &amp;c.

Sep. 2, 1861. -Brigadier General M. Jeff. Thompson, C. S. Army, issues a proclamation threatening retaliation.

3, 1861. -Brigadier General Gideon J. Pillow, C. S. Army, and Colonel

William H. L. Wallace, Eleventh Illinois Infantry,negotiate an exchange of prisoners of war.

20, 1861. -Major General Sterling Price, Missouri State Guard, captures Lexington and the U. S. forces under command of Colonel James A. Mulligan, Twenty third Illinois Infantry.

