
Oct. 26, 1861. -Major General John C. Fremont, U. S. Army, commanding the Western Department, and Major General Sterling Price, Missouri State Guard, commanding Confederate forces in Missouri, conclude an agreement for the exchange of prisoners.

Nov. 7, 1861. -Major General David Hunter, U. S. Army, successor of General Fremont, repudiates the Fremont-Price convention.

Jan. 12, 1862. -Major General Sterling Price, Missouri State Guard, writes to Major General Henry W. Halleck, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the Missouri, protesting against the capital punishment of his men for bridge burning, &amp;c.

Capture and Parole of the Camp Jackson (Mo.) Militia. --Final Disposition of the Prisoners.

[For Reports, Orders, Correspondence, etc., relating to contemporaneous military and political events in Missouri not found hereinafter, see Series I, Vol. I, p. 637 et seq. ; Vol. III, pp. 1-749; and Vol. VIII, pp. 1-834.]

WASHINGTON CITY, March 11, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON, Secretary of War.

DEAR SIR: Our friends in Saint Louis desire that Captain Lyon may have the command of the troops at the Saint Louis Arsenal, and be charged with its defense, and that Major Hagner be required simply to take charge of the ordnance department. Captain Lyon ranks Major Hagner and would have command of the troops except for the fact that Major Hagner is assigned to duty according to his brevet rank. I ask in behalf of our friends that this assignment may be rescinded and the command of the troops given to Captain Lyon.

Respectfully,

FRANK P. BLAIR.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 74. Washington, March 13, 1861.

Captain N. Lyon, Second Infantry, the senior officer of the line present and on duty at Saint Louis Arsenal, Mo., is assigned to the command of the troops and defenses at that post.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,Adjutant-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, April 21, 1861.

Captain N. LYON, Second Infantry, East Saint Louis:

General Harney has this day been relieved from his command. The Secretary of War directs that you immediately execute the order previously given to arm the loyal citizens, to protect the public property and execute the laws. Muster four regiments into the service.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

