
It is proper and gratifying to mention that Captain Callender, in charge of the ordnance, has not, either through punctilious exactions about forms and responsibilities or assumed monopoly of corps above the power of the Government itself, attempted to embarrass me, but, on the contrary, has cordially and most efficiently co-operated to advance the Government interests.

Colonel F. A. Dick of this city who has to this time served as adjutant-general of the brigade of volunteers, will be the bearer of this, and visits Washington on business connected with the Government interests at this place.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. LYON,

Captain, Second Infantry, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS CAMP JACKSON, MISSOURI MILITIA,May 10, 1861.

Captain N. LYON,

Commanding U. S. Troops in and about St. Louis Arsenal.

SIR: I am constantly in receipt of information that you contemplate an attack upon my camp, w host I understand that you are impressed with the idea that an attack upon the arsenal and U. S. troops is intended on the part of the militia of Missouri. I am greatly at a loss to know what could justify you in attacking citizens of the United States who are in the lawful performance of duties devolving upon them under the Constitution in organizing and instructing the militia of the State in obedience to her laws, and therefore have ben disposed to doubt the correctness of the information I have received.

I would be glad to know from you personally whether there is any truth in the statements that are constantly poured into my ears. So far as regards any hostility being intended toward the United States or its property or representatives, by any portion of my command, or, as far as I can learn (and I think I am fully informed), of any other part of the State forces, I can say positively that the idea has never been entertained. On the contrary, prior to your taking command of the arsenal, I proffered to Major Bell, then in command of the very few troops constituting its guard, the services of myself and all my command, and, if necessary, t he whole power of the State, to protect the united States in the full possession of all her property. Upon General Harney's taking command of this department I made the same proffer of services to him, and authorized his adjutant-general, Captain Williams, to communicate the fact that such had been done to the War Department. I have had no occasion since to change any of the views I entertained at that time, neither of my own volition nor through the orders of my constitutional commander.

I trust that, after this explicit statement, we may be able, by fully understanding each other, to keep for from our borders the misfortunes which so unhappily afflict our common country.

This communication will be handed to you by Colonel Bowen, my chief of staff, who will be able to explain anything not fully set forth in the foregoing.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. M. FROST,

Brigadier General, Commanding Camp Jackson, Missouri Vol. Militia.

