
I ask the people to pursue their peaceable avocations, and to observe the laws and orders of their local authorities, and to abstain from the excitements of public meetings and heated discussions. My appeal I trust may not be in vain, and I pledge the faith of a soldier to the earnest discharge of my duty.

WM. S. HARNEY,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding Department.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE WEST,Saint Louis, Mo., May 17, 1861.

Captain N. LYON,

Second Infantry, Commanding Troops, Saint Louis Arsenal, Mo.

SIR: The commanding general desires that you will furnish him by the bearer with a certified copy of the parole given by the members of the brigade of Missouri Volunteers captured at Camp Jackson the 10th instant by the forces of the United States under your command.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS ARSENAL, May 17, 1861.

Captain S. WILLIAMS,

Headquarters Department of the West, Saint Louis, Mo.

SIR: The parole given by the officers taken at Camp Jackson was kept by Lieutenant Schofield, who is not at present in the arsenal. The men of the ranks took the following oath:

You do solemnly swear that you will not serve in any capacity against the Government of the United States during the civil war now existing.

The parole of the officers, pretty much to the same effect, will be sent as soon as I can get it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. LYON,

Captain, Second Infantry, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS ARSENAL, May 17, 1861.

Captain S. WILLIAMS.

DEAR SIR: The following is a verbatim copy of parole taken by staff and regimental officers:

We, the undersigned, do pledge our words as gentlemen that we will not take up arms or serve in any military capacity against the United States during the present civil war. This parole to be returned upon our surrendering ourselves at any time as prisoners of war. While we sign this parole with a full intention of observing it, we nevertheless protest against the justice of its exactions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. LYON,

Captain, Second Infantry, Commanding.

