
U. S. Army, and Major-General Price, of the Missouri State troops, as appears to me, now therefore I grant said officers (Captain George and Lieutenant Guibor) this safeguard to pass the picket-lines and videttes of this army on their return to Saint Louis and back to this place.

By order of Brigadier-General Pillow, commanding.

GUS. A. HENRY, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHEAST MISSOURI,Cairo, November 25, 1861.

Captain WILLIAM McMICHAEL, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Last evening a party of prisoners taken at Camp Jackson arrived here on the steamer Platte Valley. I had them detained on the steamer until this morning, when they were put aboard of one of the ferries and landed at Norfolk, Mo., about five miles below. These prisoners are coming in squads from day to day, and necessarily keep the enemy well informed of all our movements it is possible for the community at large to know as well as the secret plottings of the enemy in our midst. I would again report to the commanding officer of this department the almost certain disloyalty of the entire boating interest plying between Saint Louis and this place. I am informed that the owners of the packets complained of are generally enemies to the Government and their acts prove conclusively that the crews employed are.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. FIRST MILITARY DIST., MISSOURI STATE GUARDS,Camp New Madrid, November 25, 1861.

Brigadier General U. S. GRANT, U. S. Army.

GENERAL: The bearer of this, Major James R. Shaler, was and is major of the Second Regiment of the Missouri Volunteer Militia, and was one of the Camp Jackson prisoners and is one of the Southerners included in the treaty between Generals Fremont and Price. We hear that these gentlemen are allowed to visit Saint Louis for the purpose of reporting themselves to be regularly exchanged. If you understand the matter in this way you will please allow Major Shaler to pass to Saint Louis and if not you will please let him return. Major Shaler is now in no way connected with the Missouri State Guard or C. S. Army nor has he been.

Yours, most respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, November 26, 1861.

Brigadier General U. S. GRANT, Cairo, Ill.:

Your letter of the 23rd instant with inclosed safeguard to Captain George and Lieutenant Guibor purporting to have been signed by order of General Pillow has been received. I am directed by the commanding

