
general of this department to say that you did very wrong in permitting these officers to pass your lines under the authority of such a paper. Any person hereafter attempting to pass with such a document will be immediately arrested and the came reported to these headquarters for instructions.

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHEAST MISSOURI,Cairo, November 26, 1861.

Captain J. C. KELTON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.

SIR: One more of the Camp Jackson exchanged prisoners has arrived here this evening on his way South. I have determined to retain him and all others arriving in small squads until the whole of them are here and discharge them together. I respectfully submit this plan for the approval of the general commanding the department.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL,

Saint Louis, Mo., November 26, 1861.

Captain WILLIAM McMICHAEL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SIR: I beg leave respectfully to call the attention of the commanding general to the following facts: Several of the prisoners taken at Camp Jackson near this city May 10, 1861, and who have been recently exchanged but who were within the lines of the Confederate Army at the time the exchange was made have returned to this city nominally for the purpose of receiving in person the certificate of exchange, but really I have reason to believe to arrange private business and convey information and assistance to the enemy. Two persons both of whom have been in the Confederate Army were arrested in this city before their certificates of exchange were delivered. I have information that several more are coming.

I have been applied to for the release of those under arrest, but have refused upon the ground that those who were at the time of the exchange already within the lines of the Confederate Army had no right whatever to come to this city. Their presence is not necessary to complete the exchange, and the certificates which are merely the evidence of the exchange can be forwarded by the commissioners who represent the Confederate Army in the negotiations. As it may be some days or weeks before this matter is finally disposed of I would respectfully ask of the commanding general an instruction upon this point.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. LEIGHTON,

Provost-Marshal.

