HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHEAST MISSOURI,Cairo, November 28, 1861.

Captain J. C. KELTON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.

SIR: Yours of the 26th instant in relation to Captain George's return to Saint Louis is received. Captain George was arrested by the picket to whom he presented himself and as a prisoner was brought before me. Being a commissioned officer I confined him during his few hours' stay here to the hotel on his own word not to leave it and sent him a prisoner to report to the general commanding the department for his decision. Although the terms of the exchange of prisoners entered into between Generals Fremont and Price would authorize the passage of Camp Jackson prisoners to the army to which they might belong I did not interpret it as authority for them to return from the South to visit their friends and then pass our lines again. The matter was simply referred to the general commanding the department and the prisoner, a commissioned officer, sent to Saint Louis on his parole. Lieutenant Guibor whose name appears on the pass with Captain George did not accompany him.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, November 29, 1861.

Brigadier General U. S. GRANT, Cairo, Ill.:

In answer to your communication of November 26 announcing that you are retaining the Camp Jackson prisoners who arrive in small numbers so that they may be sent to the enemy in large bodies the commanding general directs me to say the he approves of your action in this matter.

WM. McMICHAEL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, November 30, 1861.

Brigadier General SAMUEL R. CURTIS, Saint Louis, Mo.

GENERAL: With a view to the settlement of the question which I submitted to you as a precedent for the future by the major-general commanding the Western Department I respectfully ask that transportation from Saint Louis to Sedalia and beyond the Federal lines may be furnished to the prisoners of war who were taken at Camp Jackson May 10, 1861, and who have recently been released from parole. The number will be sixty including General D. M. Frost and staff, and by railroad will require one passenger-car and one baggage-car. They will be ready to leave on to-morrow morning.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY W. WILLIAMS,

(In behalf of Camp Jackson prisoners.)

