
"by the way of the coast. " On this point you are better informed than I am; my knowledge of it is incomplete. I understood, however, that our troops would not be permitted to leave their quarters if this demand was not acceded to, and that it was the one measure to restore quiet.

About 11 o'clock the order was given to prepare to go into camp, and at 3 p. m. the two companies marched out of the city, and formed their camp at this place.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LARKIN SMITH,

Major by Brevet, Captain, Eighth Infantry.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

CAMP SAN PEDRO, TEX., March 1, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Eighth Infantry, Commanding San Antonio Barracks, Tex.

SIR: By your order, I report to you that I was on duty as officer of the day at San Antonio Barracks on the 15th ultimo. At night the guard at the Alamo had orders not to load their muskets, and not to resist in case an armed force attempted to seize the public property. Some time before daybreak the corporal at the Alamo reported to me that the citizen troops we had been expecting for a day or two had arrived in the city. Our soldiers were notified of it, and the sentinels withdrawn from their posts.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO H. KING,

Captain, First Infantry.

SAN ANTONIO, TEX., March 2, 1861.

We, the commissioners on behalf of the committee of public safety, will place at the disposal of the commanding officer of the troops in Texas such means of transportation as are at our command, to be used by said troops in transporting their baggage, provisions, forage, and other supplies to such points on the coast as have been selected for embarkation.

THOS. J. DEVINE,

S. A. MAVERICK,

P. N. LUCKETT,

Commissioners on behalf of Committee of Public Safety.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF TEXAS, Numbers 41. San Antonio, March 5, 1861.

The garrisons of the following-named posts will march for the coast, via San Antonio, as soon as they receive the requisite means of transportation, viz, Fort Inge, Camp Wood, Fort Mason, Camp Colorado, Fort Chadbourne, and Camp Cooper. Upon arriving at Green Lake, some twenty miles from Indianola, the troops will find a camp established, where they will remain until the transports are ready for their embarkation. It is desirable that sufficient provisions and forage be taken to last to that point. If the means of transportation will not permit recourse must be had to the several posts on the line of march.

By order of Colonel C. A. Waite:

W. A. NICHOLS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

