
Missouri Volunteers, whose report is herewith inclosed. * It will be seen that at De Soto a large secession meeting was defeated and their flag taken by the timely arrival of Captain Cole. A list of the prisoners detained and against whom most palpable evidence is understood to exist of persevering and systematic cruelty toward the friends of the Government is herewith inclosed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. LYON,

Captain, Second Infantry, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

List of prisoners taken May 16, 1861.

John Wiatt, Jefferson County; N. B. Buck, S. T. Dunklin, L. W. Casy, Joseph Dunklin, W. A. Mathews, George B. Clark, Patrick Doil, H. S. Cater, and Edward Willoughby, Potosi, Washington County; D. S. Smith, Jefferson County.

[Sub-inclosure.]

Captain COLE,

Commander U. S. Troops at Potosi, Washington County, Mo.:

The undersigned petitioners, residents of the town of Potosi and County of Washington, would respectfully represent that they believe that in their present disorganized condition and without arms their lives and property would be in danger unless you should leave a company of U. S. troops stationed at said town until they can be organized and armed. They would respectfully represent that they are and have been loyal to the United States Government and acknowledge their allegiance to the same and are willing to submit to her laws and regulations. They state they will use all necessary efforts to organize and arm in conformity to the laws of the United States and the usages of her army at the earliest possible period.

[Signed by fifty citizens.]

SPRINGFIELD, MO., July 11, 1861.

Colonel F. SIGEL.

SIR: In accordance with your order I most respectfully make hereby a statement of facts concerning the surrender of myself and men at Neosho July 5, 1861:

After you had left Neosho on the 4th day of July I observed that the city was very unquiet. I took all necessary precautions by placing extra sentinels and sending out patrols every half hour day and night. The Fourth passed off quietly.

On the 5th day of July the same precaution was taken. About 11 o'clock I heard the cannonading, whereon I immediately dispatched a patrol of twenty men under the command of Lieutenant Damde to inquire if possible the cause of it. At 1 o'clock I received orders signed by Brigade Quartermaster Richardson to retreat with my command if necessary. Lieutenant Damde with his patrol returned about the same time. They had scarcely returned--in fact had not been in camp more than ten minutes--before the enemy came pouring in all

---------------

*See Series I, Vol. III, p. 10, for Cole's report.

---------------

