
directions to the number of about 1,200 to 1,500 men under the command of Colonel Churchill and Major McIntosh (Arkansas Rangers). Finding it impossible for me to hold my post with success, after due deliberation--after due consultation with my officers and men--I concluded it would be best to make the surrender as it was required--namely unconditionally. We were after the surrender of our arms placed in the court-house where we remained until Monday, the 8th.

I must mention here that the officers of the Arkansas Rangers as well as of the Missouri troops behaved themselves quietly, accommodatingly and friendly both towards myself and men; but their privates on the contrary in a most insulting and brutal manner.

On the 8th we were released, we officers having before given our parole of honor not to serve any more against the Confederate States of America during the war, my men having before sworn to the same effect. We left Neosho on the evening of the 8th, at 5. 30 o'clock, with an escort of about thirty men under the command of Captain Boone for our security and protection, the people of Neosho and farmers of that vicinity having threatened to kill us in the streets. Captain Boone escorted us about four miles from the camp. After innumerable hard-ships and dangers, without food and water our canteens having all been stolen from us by the Southern troops we at last reached Springfield, my men all broken down having traveled the distance of eighty-five miles in fifty hours with hardly any food at all.

Having made this statement I respectfully place the same in your hands to judge my actions.

Very respectfully, yours,

JOSEPH CONRAD,

Captain of Rifle Company B, Third Regiment Missouri [Union] Vols.

SAINT LOUIS ARSENAL, July 30, 1861.

Captain J. C. KELTON, Assistant Adjutant-General.

SIR: I would respectfully call the attention of the general commanding the department to the condition of the political prisoners confined here. Officers in command at distant points have been in the habit of arresting persons upon charges of treason and sending them to the arsenal. In all such cases I have called the attention of the U. S. district attorney to the matter but am not aware that any have been indicted. There is no suitable place at the arsenal for prisoners of war; they have to be confined in the prison or else allowed the liberty of the grounds. To confine them is inhuman and to let them mix with the men is likely to produce trouble.

* * * * *

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHESTER HARDING, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General of Missouri Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Saint Louis, Mo., August 7, 1861.

Colonel J. B. WYMAN, Commanding at Rolla, Mo.

SIR: The general directs me to say he will hold as prisoners those men taken by you bearing arms against the United States; others

