
Governor Reynolds has sent me a copy of these letters and I will take it upon myself to remark in addition to the letters of Governor Reynolds that whenever such threats are used as that which is believed to have been uttered by you in the letter referred to or that whenever any such threats are carried into execution I will retaliate to the utmost of my ability.

Yours, &amp;c.,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE WEST,Rolla, Mo., August 18, 1861.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Department of the West, Saint Louis, Mo.

SIR: Mr. Emmett MacDonald, a messenger from the rebel army, is now here with a view to making an arrangement for the exchange of prisoners. They have many more of our men than we have of theirs and propose a mutual liberation which I will agree to unless orders are received from the commanding general to the contrary.

Mr. MacDonald is anxious to visit Saint Louis for a day. To this request I have not acceded but will thank you to lay the matter before the commanding general that he may consider it and authorize him or not as he may deem best to visit Saint Louis.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

S. D. STURGIS,

Major First Cavalry, Commanding.

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL,

Saint Louis, Mo., August 21, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel S. BURBANK, U. S. Army,

Commanding Arsenal.

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs that Mr. Brownlee, now a prisoner in charge of your guard, be released from confinement and allowed to leave the arsenal on the following conditions:

First. That he resign his commission as president of the board of police commissioners.

Second. That he sign a pledge to leave the city to remain in some of the free States and not return here without the consent of the military authorities of the Government.

The foregoing conditions must be complied with and the necessary papers but into your possession for transmittal to this office before Mr. Brownlee is released.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. McKINSTRY,

Major, U. S. Army, Provost-Marshal.
HEADQUARTERS KANSAS BRIGADE,Kansas City, Mo., September 1, 1861.

Major-General PRICE, Commanding Missouri State Guard.

SIR: I am instructed by General James H. Lane, commanding Kansas Brigade, to say that he is willing to exchange Henry N. Rosser and Michael McCarty, prisoners in his hands, for any two commissioned

