
officers of his brigade now in your hands. You can send them to this city and on their arrival I will immediately discharge and send under proper safeguards the two prisoners above named.

I send this message by Lieutenant Thomas W. Scudder, of my command, whom I will expect to have treated as a gentleman and soldier.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

THOS. J. ANDERSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP CAVENDER, Saint Louis, September 7, 1861.

Captain J. C. KELTON, U. S. Army, A. A. G., Western Department.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to ask what disposition is to be made of our men who were taken prisoners at Springfield and released on parole? I have been informed through not officially that an exchange has been made which absolves them from their parole. Please inform me if this is so.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major First Missouri Volunteers.

[Indorsement.]

SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 7, 1861.

The exchange referred to within was accomplished by Mr. MacDonald on the part of the rebel forces and myself on the part of the Government verbally. I declined to enter into negotiations of any other kind. The exchange was to be equal and without the imposing of any restraint upon the prisoners of either side, and I have no doubt but when the rebel forces learn of their prisoners having been released without parole they will consider ours as absolved also.

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

U. S. MARSHAL'S OFFICE,

Springfield, Ill., September 8, 1861.

Major General J. C. FREMONT, Saint Louis, Mo.

GENERAL: The undersigned desires your order to arrest and deliver to you in the city of Saint Louis Honorable James C. Robinson, member of Congress from the Seventh Congressional district in Illinois.

Robinson is notoriously opposed to the war, the administration and all who are connected with it and busily engaged in making the most treasonable speeches that can be made. He is not without influence and sympathizers and if permitted to remain at large he will cause much trouble. He is suspected of holding communication with the rebels and boasts of his sympathy for the cause of treason. If you will issue an order directed to me at this city I will deliver him into your hands in a few days.

Yours, respectfully,

D. L. PHILLIPS,

U. S. Marshal.

We indorse this.

RICHARD YATES,

Governor.

WM. BUTLER,

State Treasurer.

9 R R--SER II, VOL I

