HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Saint Louis, October 10, 1861.

Brigadier General S. D. STURGIS,

Commanding, &amp;c., Kansas City.

SIR: In reply to yours of the 30th ultimo I have to state that you will at once order an officer to muster out of the service all enlisted men (volunteers) who have been taken prisoners by the rebel and released on parole. You will also exchange as many officers as possible.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAUNCEY McKEEVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Saint Louis, October 11, 1861.

Captain W. E. PRINCE,

First Infantry, Commanding Fort Leavenworth.

SIR: The commanding general directs that you send an officer of your command to Saint Joseph to muster out of the service all the enlisted men that have been taken prisoners by the enemy and released on parole. You will direct the officer to make public in a Saint Joseph newspaper the date and place of mustering out.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAUNCEY McKEEVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, October 16, 1861.

Honorable S. CAMERON.

SIR: The are from 50 to 100 dangerous secessionists in this city. In the event of Federal reverses I think it best to seize and hold them as prisoners. We have no fit place to detain them and it were better that they were out of the State. I would respectfully suggest the occupation of the fort at Mackinac for that purpose. Please advise me by telegraph what are your directions.

JNO McNEIL,

Colonel Nineteenth Missouri, Assistant Provost-Marshal.
HEADQUARTERS MISSOURI STATE GUARD,Camp near Greenfield, October 16, 1861.

[General J. H. LANE.]

GENERAL: When at Drywood I captured a number of prisoners belonging to the State of Kansas. I released them all. At Lexington I released a large number, the officers upon parole. Having so done I confidently relied upon your pursuing the same course with regard to citizens of the State of Missouri. You have as prisoners Messrs. Rosser and Harris; also a soldier captured at Drywood. Young Rosser has never been in the ranks of the army in any way. I will give an unconditional release for any Kansas officers you may designate for these or for any others you may have in your command.

I am, general, respectfully,

S. PRICE,

Major-General, Commanding.

