HEADQUARTERS POST,Rolla, Mo., October 19, 1861.

Captain C. McKEEVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.

CAPTAIN: I have seventy-four prisoners taken at the battle of Henry-town and Linn Creek, all taken in arms. I shall send the commissioned officers forward. What shall I do with the other prisoners? Can I put them to work on the fortifications?

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Scott, October 19, 1861.

Brigadier General JAMES H. LANE,

Commanding Kansas Brigade.

SIR: General Price has made a proposition to exchange prisoners. If it is within the rules of the Government we have some here that might be exchanged to advantage. On Thursday, the 17th instant, the secesh army under Rains, Price and Hunter were seven miles beyond Greenfield on the Springfield road. Humboldt was burned last Monday evening by 331 secesh troops under Talbert, Irwin and Livingstone. I received the news on Tuesday morning and made a movement to cut them off but they were twenty-hour hours ahead and crossed on south side of Neosho River in direction of Sherwood. There is a nest in the neighborhood of Preston, Lamar, Sherwood and Carthage that needs attending to. I have scouts in there to ascertain their whereabouts. They will return to-morrow or next day. If there are any chances of [success] I intend to move against them. If you can spare them I hope you will send us sufficient re-enforcements to make us successful in the attack. If possible we would like to see you here.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. R. JUDSON,

Colonel, Commanding Sixth Regiment Kansas Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS COMMAND,Saint Joseph, October 21, 1861.

Brigadier General B. M. PRENTISS, Jefferson City, Mo.

SIR: Captain Thomas, of the Thirteenth Missouri Regiment, Colonel Peabody, will hand you this. He is now a prisoner on parole of honor. We hold one Captain Blatchford of the rebel army prisoner at this station. I would recommend the exchange of Captain Thomas for Captain Blatchford if it can consistently be effected.

Your obedient servant,

R. F. SMITH,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS COMMAND,Saint Joseph, October 22, 1861.

Brigadier-General PRENTISS.

SIR: The bearer of this, Captain Thomas, of Colonel Peabody's (Thirteenth Missouri) regiment, has captured and brought prisoner to

