
this station Lieutenant H. Robinson of the rebel army who is now on his parole of honor to appear at Saint Joe on

-----

day of November, 1861. I am exceedingly desirous that an exchange be made of this lieutenant for Lieutenant Moore of our regiment who is now a prisoner of the rebels and on parole of honor. If you can consistently effect the exchange you will much oblige,

Your obedient servant,

R. F. SMITH,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT, Numbers 306. Saint Louis, Mo., October 28, 1861.

* * * * * *

VI. In pursuance of paragraph II of General Orders, Numbers 69, of August 28, 1861, from the War Department, the enlisted men of the Thirty-third Illinois Volunteers taken prisoners at the Big River bridge and released on parole are hereby discharged from the service of the United States to take effect November 1, 1861.

By order of Major-General Fremont:

CHAUNCEY McKEEVER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAMP FREMONT, Numbers 141. Cape Girardeau, November 21, 1861.

Captain Thomas A. Boyd, Company H of the Seventeenth Illinois Volunteers, is ordered to receive into his custody the persons of Captain William C. Portal, and Thomas H. White and John M. Lyle, clerks of the steamer Platte Valley, and to deliver the said individuals into the custody of the authorities of the U. S. arsenal at Saint Louis, Mo. These parties are sent forward by the order of Brigadier General U. S. Grant, commanding District of Southeast Missouri, with general charges to await trial. Captain Boyd will report to Captain M. M. Warner, provost-marshal, for the reception of said parties and all necessary instructions in regard thereto.

By order of E. P. Wood, lieutenant-colonel Seventeenth Illinois Volunteers:

GEO. P. EDGAR,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS POST,Rolla, Mo., November 23, 1861.

Captain WILLIAM McMICHAEL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAPTAIN: I respectfully request instruction on the following points: I have 150 prisoners at work on the fortifications at this post; they are nearly destitute of clothing, have no blankets and are suffering. Can I issue blankets or clothing to them? There were turned over to me when I took command of this post about forty slaves who were taken from men in the rebel army. What shall I do with them?

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

