
WEDNESDAY MORNING, November 27, 1861.

Major-General HALLECK.

SIR: I recommend Colonel James H. Birch, Jr., and Captain Thomas B. Biggers as gentlemen suitable to bear a flag of truce to General Price to effect an exchange of Honorable James H. Birch.

Very respectfully,

H. R. GAMBLE.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 15. Saint Louis, November 28, 1861.

* * * * * *

III. It having been represented to me that persons pretending to act under the authority of Brigadier-General Price, now in arms against the Government of the United States, have seized and taken to General Price's camp as a prisoner of war Judge James H. Birch of this State, I now therefore appoint James H. Birch, Jr., and Thomas B. Biggers commissioners to confer with General Price or any person or persons appointed by him to negotiate for the release of the said Judge James H. Birch if so held a prisoner by order or authority of General Price, and they are authorized to offer in exchange Major Uriel Wright now held by us a prisoner on parole.

If it should become necessary for these commissioners to proceed from one of our posts to any hostile camp in the performance of this duty they will be accompanied by an officer bearing a flag of truce. The officer bearing such flag of truce will proceed according to custom and the laws of war applicable to such cases.

* * * * * *

By order of Major-General Halleck:

J. C. KELTON,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION,

Syracuse, December 2, 1861.

Major-General HALLECK:

Doctor Moore, a prominent citizen of this section, desires to go to Price's camp north of Osceola with letters from Governor Gamble, having in view negotiations for disbanding Price's forces and their return to allegiance to Government. Shall Doctor Moore be passed through out lines for this purpose? The letter of Governor Gamble states the conditions of immunity for past offenses as defined to him by the President. Price is in a desperate condition and no doubt many of his command if not the larger part of it would avail themselves of such a chance to lay down their arms. Doctor Moore awaits your decision.

[JOHN POPE,]

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.
HDQRS. FIRST MILITARY DIST., MISSOURI STATE GUARD,New Madrid, December 2, 1861.

Colonel J. B. PLUMMER, U. S. Army, Cape Girardeau, Mo.

SIR: Yours of the 26th by Private Lewis T. Wadkins is received. You will find inclosed a letter directed to Major-General Halleck upon the subject of an exchange of prisoners and which would have been forwarded sooner but for the want of a proper messenger.

