
Pending his decision or determination in regard to the matter I cheerfully release Captain T. J. Larison and Lieutenant J. B. Tenney, of the Second Illinois Cavalry, in exchange for McKollard and Frazier and at the same time beg leave to compliment Lieutenant Tenney on his manly and gentlemanly deportment at the time of the capture. I am perfectly satisfied with the exchange for Judge Conrad although I do not know either of the parties exchanged for him.

I make the case of McMillan and Merkle, the spies captured on the Platte Valley, the subject of another letter.

Yours, most respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. FIRST MILITARY DIST., MISSOURI STATE GUARD,New Madrid, December 2, 1861. *

Major-General HALLECK, U. S. Army, Saint Louis, Mo.

SIR: On the 14th day of October at the Big River bridge and Blackwell's Station on the Iron Mountain Railroad I captured a captain, three lieutenants and fifty odd privates belonging to the Thirty-third Illinois Regiment. On the 19th day of this month on the steam-boat Platte Valley I captured a captain, a lieutenant and nine privates of the Illinois troops. These were all released upon their parole and a promise not to serve against us until regularly exchanged.

The troops under your command have some few of my officers and men who were captured at Fredericktown and I understand some others that were absent on furlough have also been taken. Still I am satisfied you have not so many of mine as those of yours paroled by me; but as it is hardly fair you should have to feed both lots I should be pleased to release all of those we have captured from their parole if you would please send home those you have belonging to my division of the Missouri State Guard (First Division).

Captain Elliott, of the Thirty-third Illinois, can inform you of those taken on the Iron Mountain Railroad, and Captain Larison, of the Second Illinois Cavalry, can inform you of those taken on the Platte Valley.

Yours, most respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL,

Saint Louis, Mo., December 4, 1861.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Commanding Department of the Missouri.

GENERAL: In compliance with your (verbal) order to prepare a statement relating to the departments under my charge as provost-marshal, the force employed, how, where, its expense, &amp;c., I beg leave to submit the following:

At the principal office which is under my own especial charge in which is transacted all general business there are employed three clerks at a monthly salary of $110, and $50 respectively. By giving my

---------------

*It does not appear that General Halleck ever answered this letter; but see Halleck to Carlin, January 29, 1862, post.

---------------

