
and privates were formally mustered out of service shortly after their release from the enemy and the officers supposed themselves still in service and ready for duty as soon as exchanged. The majority of the officers including myself have been formally exchanged. Colonel Marshall received orders from the State executive to recruit and fill up his regiment and he accordingly issued orders to the company officers to recruit and fill up their companies; and whilst affairs stood thus about the 25th of last month, General Halleck through you issued an order to me to come to this point and take command of two companies (Noleman's and Burrell's), and within a few days information has reached me but whether reliable or not I am unable to determine that within a short time and since my departure from Saint Louis General Halleck has decided that the effect of orders from Washington places Colonel Marshall out of the service, but whether the lieutenant-colonel and myself are within the decision or not I have not been able to learn. You can readily perceive that I wish further light. I want to know what decisions have been made touching our regimental organization and who all and who are not decided out of the service (in case any decision has been made on the subject); and in case I am considered in the service I want to know how I am to get the other two companies I am entitled to; whether I would be entitled to take by order of the State executive any two companies he might be willing to furnish or whether he can assign two companies under the officers of the old regiment that have raised new companies. I would like to have the companies as soon as possible so as to enable me to get them fully organized, armed and equipped at the earliest practicable period. Will you do me the favor to send me information on these points as soon as practicable.

Yours, truly,

D. P. JENKINS,

Major First Illinois Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, December 19, 1861.

Brigadier General W. K. STRONG,

Commanding, &amp;c., Benton Barracks.

SIR: It appears that Article XIX, Revised Regulations, is not fully understood. Enlisted men taken prisoners by the enemy and released on parole or when unfit for military service in consequence of wounds, disease or infirmity can only be discharged from the service of the United States by the major-general commanding the department.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BENTON BARRACKS, April 5, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK.

RESPECTED SIR: We the undersigned respectfully solicit your attention for a few moments in regard to this article concerning the First Illinois Cavalry Volunteers, we having been compelled to come back into the service and that too under false pretenses; and we ask why all the members of the above regiment are not compelled to return if any part of them are? We do respect the oath which circumstances

