HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, August 20, 1862.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding District of [West] Tennessee, Corinth, Miss.:

You will order the Twenty-fifth Missouri Regiment to Saint Louis to report to General Schofield to recruit and to dispose of the unexchanged prisoners still with the regiment. A list of those not exchanged will be furnished to Adjutant-General Thomas, commissioner, now visiting the camps where the prisoners are confined arranging their exchange.

By order of Major-General Halleck:

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE, Numbers 179. Corinth, Miss., August 30, 1862.

I. The Twenty-fifth Regiment Missouri Volunteers, Colonel Chester Harding commanding, will proceed without delay to Saint Louis, Mo., and report to Brigadier-General Schofield for the purpose of recruiting and disposing of the unexchanged prisoners still with the regiment. Two lists of these prisoners will be made immediately and one copy furnished to these headquarters and one copy furnished to Brigadier-General Schofield upon the arrival of the regiment at Saint Louis. The land transportation and camp equipage of the regiment will be turned over to the quartermaster at this place who will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * *

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CENTRAL DIVISION OF MISSOURI,

Jefferson City, September 16, 1862.

General J. M. SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis, Mo.

GENERAL: Were the members of the old Thirteenth Regiment Missouri Volunteers (Colonel Peabody's) captured at Lexington exchanged or otherwise discharged from their parole as prisoners? Being under the impression that they had been exchanged several of them have joined companies in the First Regiment Cavalry Missouri State Militia. Recently they have been informed that it was a mistake that they were not exchanged and they would be liable to severe treatment in case of capture without having been discharged from their parole. They would be pleased to have some steps taken in the premises to relieve them from this danger if they have not been exchanged. What shall be done with those prisoners captured at Lone Jack and discharged on their parole?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BEN. LOAN,

Brigadier-General, Missouri State Militia.

