
[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MISSOURI,Saint Louis, September 19, 1862.

The Lone Jack prisoners will all be mustered out of service.

By order of Brigadier-General Schofield:

C. W. MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

Send Lexington prisoners to Benton Barracks.

By order of Brigadier-General Schofield:

C. W. MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Syracuse, December 7, 1861.

General CULLUM:

* * * *

Many of his [Price's] men have come in and asked to lay down their arms promising to take them up no more. Of course such promises even when accompanied by the oath of allegiance amount to nothing. One-half the men in this section of country have been thus sworn by one side or the other but there are few of them who observe such oaths. The patrolling parties frequently capture men from Price's army who are at home on furlough or to recruit. I have many such prisoners.

I would also say that I am fearful that important dispatches by telegraph are intercepted between here and Saint Louis-that is that they are taken off from the wires in course of transmittal and communicated to the enemy. It is easy with a short wire and instrument to do this at any point of the line and I therefore very much dislike to send important news by telegraph unless in cipher. A cipher has been made for this department I would respectfully suggest that it be used in all dispatches of importance.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[JOHN POPE,]

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, Numbers 14. Syracuse, December 9, 1861.

Colonel A. P. Hovey, Twenty-fourth Indiana Volunteers, is appointed provost-marshal of this district and will be obeyed and respected accordingly. He will establish his headquarters at Otterville or at the cantonment on the Lamine River.

Hereafter all prisoners captured by our patrols, pickets or other detachments except such as are taken to Jefferson City will be sent to Colonel Hovey at Otterville who is hereby charged with the care and safe-keeping of all prisoners within this district belonging to the forces of the enemy or who have been giving him aid and comfort.

