
Whenever prisoners are sent to the provost-marshal written statements of the allegations against them certified under oath giving details of capture, name, description of person and such other testimony against them as will be sufficient to fix upon them the facts charged will be transmitted with them.

The provost-marshal shall make requisition upon the proper department for the guard for houses and tents, for blankets when needed, for provisions and for all other things required for the security and proper care of the prisoners placed in his keeping, and will furnish as soon as possible to these headquarters copies of the affidavits above specified.

It is only the purpose of the Government to keep such prisoners in confinement until their cases may be acted on and every leniency consistent with their safe-keeping will be shown them.

The provost-marshal is charged with the security of all prisoners properly turned over to him and it is especially enjoined that they be subjected to no hardship nor suffering not incident to captivity under such circumstances.

Commissioned officers will be kept separate from enlisted men and every courtesy proper to their rank will be extended to them. All the provisions of this order will be applied to and will govern the provost-marshal at Jefferson City.

It is not necessary to remind the officers and soldiers of this command that it is as much their duty to be kind and courteous to those whom the fortune of war has thrown into their hands as it is to fight manfully against them when the occasion presents itself, and it is hoped and expected by the general commanding this district that no cases of harsh or discourteous treatment of prisoners may ever occur within his command.

By order of General Pope:

[SPEED BUTLER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]
HEADQUARTERS,Cape Girardeau, December 10, 1861.

General WATKINS, New Madrid, Mo.

GENERAL: Your communication of the 4th instant inclosing correspondence* of Colonel Plummer reached me by the hand of Mr. Rodney yesterday. In reply permit me to say that the agreement of Colonel Plummer in reference to your return will be cheerfully and faithfully enforced by me. Nothing can be more satisfactory to me personally than to meet you in the capacity of friend and citizen. Unpleasant circumstances evidently based upon a misapprehension of the aim and object of our Government has occasioned temporary estrangement of many of our hitherto loyal citizens-an apprehension which when dissipated by time will cause many once firm friends to rally again to the standard of our common undivided country. If I properly comprehend the understanding had with my predecessor, Colonel Plummer, you will simply be required to pledge anew your allegiance to the Government, return to your home and transact your usual business and the protecting arm of the military will be thrown around yourself, family and property. In regard to the return of the slaves mentioned by you I can and will in behalf of those with whom I act say that nothing shall

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

