
Any money not so expended will be turned over to the Sanitary Commission for the benefit of sick soldiers. A strict and accurate account of these receipts and expenditures will be kept and returned to these headquarters.

VI. Any one who shall resist or attempt to resist the execution of these orders will be immediately arrested and imprisoned and will be tried by a military commission.

By order of Major-General Halleck:

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Syracuse, December, 12, 1861.

Colonel STEELE, Sedalia.

COLONEL: The general commanding directs that you send all the prisoners in confinement at Sedalia under proper guard to report to Colonel A. P. Hovey, provost-marshal, at Lamine cantonment, except such as are enlisted in Price's army and whom you deem it safe to release on parole; also a written statement of the allegations against each prisoner certified under oath giving name, description of person, details of capture and such testimony against them as will be sufficient to fix upon them the facts charged. In sending prisoners to Saint Louis you will conform in every particular to the instructions of General Halleck's dispatch and to the requirements of General Orders, Numbers 13, * from headquarters of the department, copies of which you will find herewith inclosed.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

[C. A. MORGAN,]

Aide-de-Camp.

[Inclosure.]

General JOHN POPE:

Send your prisoners here except in cases where you deem it perfectly safe to release them on parole.

H. W. HALLECK.

SAINT LOUIS, December 12, 1861.

Colonel W. P. CARLIN,

Commanding U. S. Forces at Pilot Knob, Mo.

COLONEL: In reply to your letter of the 10th instant,+ the general commanding directs that you govern yourself with respect to the returning men from Thompson's army by the requirements of General Orders, Numbers 13, from the headquarters of this department. Those who you think can be trusted may be released on taking the oath of allegiance and giving their parole that they will not leave their own neighborhood without the authority of the department or district commander; and those upon whom you cannot rely you will hold as prisoners and

---------------

* For General Orders, Numbers 13, from headquarters Department of the Missouri, see Series I, Vol. VIII, p. 405.

+ Not found.

---------------

