
guidance you will reduce to writing the evidence in each brought before you and forward the same to this office together with your opinion thereon. All prisoners must be retained until directions in relation thereto shall be received. In trivial cases or where there is no evidence you will dispose of the mater without reference to this office. By trivial cases is means such as do not involve the life, liberty or property of the accused by reason of any treasonable charges.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BERNARD G. FARRAR,

Provost-Marshal-General.

P. S. - Since writing the above we have just ascertained that arrangements are being made in relation to the passports of British subjects and information thereon will be promulgated in day or two.

[B. G. F.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,

Numbers 27.Saint Louis, December 16, 1861.

* * *

8. Prisoners of war held by us whether officers or soldiers while in confinement will be regularly supplied with the army ration by the commissary department on the requisition of the officer in charge of such prisoners. Where prisoners of war are at large on their parole they will be expected to procure their own subsistence, and no commutation or pay for board will be allowed unless by special orders from these headquarters. A separate account will be kept of all supplies furnished to prisoners of war.

9. Post and depot commissaries will correspond directly with the chief commissary of the department. They will exercise a supervisory control over the commissaries to whom they make issue to the extent of seeing that the supplies are properly distributed and taken care of. This, however, will not apply to cases where the post or depot commissary is junior in rank.

* * *

By order of Major-General Halleck:

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, December 23, 1861.

Major-General HALLECK.

GENERAL: I had heard and believed that Senator Johnson was in Western Virginia but the Honorable James H. Birch, who as you are aware was a prisoner in General Price's camp, informed me upon his return that he was at the houses of some of Mr. Johnson's relations in the neighborhood of Price's army, and heard remarks made by those relatives indicating that he (Johnson) then was or had lately been with that army. I refer you to Judge Birch, who is in the city at the Planters' House. As to Senator Polk I have no other information than that he left the city in a clandestine manner and that his destination was not make known even to his family. He is reported to have gone South to join the rebels but I know not the authority for the report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. R. GAMBLE.

