
and make the exchange I will attend to it at once. By so doing you will relieve many families from intense anxiety on both sides of the line.

I am, sir, yours, on behalf of humanity,

W. R. JUDSON,

Colonel, Commanding Sixth Regiment Kansas Volunteers.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,

Numbers 34. Saint Louis, Mo., December 26, 1861.

I. In virtue of authority conferred by the President of the United States martial law heretofore declared in this city will be enforced. In virtue of the same authority martial law is hereby declared and will be enforced in an about all railroads in this State.

It is not intended by this declaration to interfere with the jurisdiction of any civil court which is loyal to Government of the United States and which will aid the military authorities in enforcing order and punishing crimes.

* * *

By order of Major-General Halleck:

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,

Saint Louis, December 26, 1861.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

GENERAL: The communication addressed by a committee of the U. S. Senate to yourself* and referred to me for report has received my careful attention. The evidence I have that Waldo P. Johnson is at present in Virginia or elsewhere in the seceded States though not positive is of such a strong presumptive character as to leave no doubt of the fact on my mind. Positive proof I am credibly informed can be had that he hid publicly advocate, the right and propriety of the secession of Missouri. I have no information from reliable sources of any participation on his part in the rebellion further than the encouragement given by his association and intimate relations with C. F. Jackson and Sterling Price, kept up no after the battle of Boonville. I am unable to ascertain any cause preventing his attendance on the Senate.

Mr. Trusten Polk has gone South. I have reliable information that he went clandestinely through Southeast Missouri to Memphis, Tenn. The letter referred to by the committed addressed by Mr. Polk to Peter S. Wilks has been seen by a number of gentlemen in this city who know the handwriting of Mr. Polk well and who are positive as to-its genuineness. The original is in possession of Mr. W. D. Murphy who resides at Linn Creek, Camden County, Mo.

I am, general, very respectfully,

BERNARD G. FARRAR,

Provost-Marshal-General.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

