
OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,

Saint Louis, December 26, 1861.

COMMANDING OFFICER, Gape Girardeau, Mo.:

The provost-marshal at your post had notified me that he has levied an assessment for the relief of Union men in designated circumstances coming into your lines. I am instructed by Major-General Halleck to direct you to countermand the order for the assessment and to report to headquarters the number and condition of refugees who have come within your lines and are remaining there for the assessment and to report to headquarters the number and condition of refugees who have come within your lines and are remaining there for safety when the proper order will be directed from headquarters.

Very respectfully,

BERNARD G. FARRAR,

Provost-Marshal-General.
HDQRS. FIRST MILITARY DIST. MISSOURI STATE GUARD,New Madrid, Mo., December 28, 1861.

Colonel W. P. CARLIN, U. S. Army, Commandant, Ironton, Mo.

SIR: Your favor of December 11 by the hands of Captain Higdon, Missouri State Guard, was this day received. I understand from Captain Higdon that you have written to me before but I assure you that yours of 11th instant is the only communication received or they should have been promptly answered.

In reference to your proposition for the exchange of prisoners I will state that I have written to General Halleck* proposing to publish a general order releasing from parole all of your men whom I have at various times captured if he would issue a general order ordering all that have been captured from me to be released. I have not yet received an answer to the letter but expect one daily, and if he does not accept my proposition then I will cheerfully make an arrangement with you gentlemen who being better acquainted with the circumstances are better able to decide.

I start on an expedition which I think will offset all you can catch of my homesick men.

Yours, most respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

MCDOWELL'S COLLEGE, Saint Louis, January 1, 1862.

General H. W. HALLECK, Commanding.

DEAR SIR: The prisoners confined in this building would beg leave to express through their committee their present condition and ask your honor to alleviate in some degree their present crowded condition, and request that a room be prepared for our sick fellow-prisoners who are now compelled to lay and listen to the continued noise and bustle. At this time there are a great many on the sick list and the number is rapidly increasing. A malignant form of measles has made its appearance among us and there are a large number of prisoners who are confined here who never have had the disease who are liable to become

---------------

* See Thompson to Halleck, December 2, p. 139.

---------------

