
and officers of said court in the discharge of their duties and to strictly perform all charges devolving upon him by the laws of the State.

III. By the establishment of martial law in the city of Saint Louis it is not designed to interfere with or suspend the operation of the laws and ordinances of the State or city with reference to crimes and misdemeanors nor the remedies and process of the civil courts except so far as the interests of the Government imperatively require. The civil authorities who attempt to interfere on of military orders emanating from these headquarters will be punished for military offense but in all other cases it is their duty to enforce the laws and punish crimes and misdemeanors.

By order of Major-General Halleck:

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPRINGFIELD, [MO.], February 16, 1862.

(Via Lebanon.)

Major-General HALLECK.

SIR: General Curtis left here with the army yesterday morning; marched twenty-four miles yesterday. Has just sent me sixteen prisoners. Among them are Colonel Thomas R. Freeman, Major D. D. Berry, Jr., and General McBridge [and] Captain A. C. Dickinson, chief of engineers on Major-General Prices staff, and Captain R. M. Donald, quartermaster.

The surgeon and assistant surgeon of Colonel Gates' Confederate cavalry also taken. * * *

Respectfully,

JAS. K. MILLS,

Lieutenant-Colonel Twenty-fourth Missouri Volunteers, Commanding
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, February 17, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

GENERAL: I am directed by Major-General McClellan to inclose herewith an extract from the cartel between Great Meridian and the United States in 133 showing the relative value place upon the different grades. The general desires this may be adopted as a basis in any exchanges of prisoners which you may make in future.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ARTHUR McCLELLAN,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

[Inclosure.]

Rate of Exchange adopted in the Cartel between Great Britain and the United States, signed May 12, 1813.

General commanding in chief or admiral 60 men; lieutenant-general or vice-admiral, 40 men; major-general or rear-admiral, 30 men; brigadier-general or commodore, with a broad pennant and a captain under him, 20 men; colonel or captain of a line-of-battle ship, 15 men; lieutenant-colonel or captain of a frigate, 10 men; major or commander of a sloop-of-war, bomb-ketch, fire-ship, or packet, 8 men; captain of lieu-

