
I scarcely feel permitted to repeat what the sentiments of both of them are toward Jackson and his supporters, particularly since his scheming has virtually superseded Major-General Price; but I would trust my head on it that they would discourage and depress the cause of the rebellion more during the next ten days could they be at home than even a company of sharpshooters could do. Of course I am as well satisfied as it is possible to the upon such a subject that they are both forever done with the rebellion and that they will not only appreciate your clemency and protection at its intrinsic value but bring hundred to a like appreciation and determination with themselves.

Pardon me, general, if writing thus earnestly I have written in any sense amiss. I have some business matters which it was my purpose to bring to your notice while I was here but in the midst of such employments and congratulations as at present occupy you I will postpone them until I can write you from home.

With great respect, your friend and servant,

JAMES H. BIRCH.
HEADQUARTERS MISSOURI STATE GUARD,Camp at Cove Creek, Ark., February 23, 1862.

Major General D. HUNTER.

GENERAL: I am intrusted by Major General S. Price to propose the exchange of officers as follows, taken by Colonel Deitzler in La Fayette County, to-wit; Captain Up. B. Winsor, Company H, Second Infantry, Eight Division; Captain J. R. Barnett, Company H, Second Infantry Eight Division. He will exchange rank for rank or one of a higher for two of a lower rank. Should you accept the proposition you will furnish these officers with a safe conduct to the headquarters of this army when an equivalent thereof will be promptly given you.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. BRAND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Not received by General Hunter he having left the Department of Kansas.]

ATTORNEY-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

February 26, 1862.

JAMES O. BROADHEAD, Esq.,

U. S. District Attorney, Saint Louis, Mo.

SIR: I have received two letters* from General N. W. Watkins (dated I thinks at New Madrid) in which he complained bitterly of harsh treatment by our people and protests strongly his innocence of any crime against the United States and any forcible opposition against the Government. He complains that his property to a large amount negroes, horses, mules, wagons, &amp;c., are taken from his plantations and are used or destroyed by our army at Cape Girardeau. He gave as a reason for remaining at New Madrid that he was afraid of being

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

