
in this matter. They will also see that the prisoners are cleanly in their persons; that their bedding is properly aired, and that their rations are properly cooked and of good quality.

V. The commanding officers of depots will receive and distribute any articles of clothing or comfort which may be sent to the prisoners by their friends and will permit them to receive from and transmit to their friends open letters which must be inspected by a proper officer. Receipts must be signed for all articles delivered and filed as evidence of such delivery. Money sent by friends should not be delivered to prisoners except in small quantities. An account should be kept of all such funds and they should be disbursed upon orders from the prisoners to whom they belong. When a prisoner is exchanged or released he will be paid the balance due him.

VI. Their chaplains will be allowed free intercourse with the prisoners to give them religious instruction. Those who may die will be decently buried in the usual burying grounds and a proper mark be affixed to the graves. Every measure will be adopted to ensure the safe custody of the prisoners, but at the same time they should receive such treatment as enlightened humanity prompts and the circumstances of the case permit. Their friends will be permitted to visit them only when the commanding officer may deem it safe and proper and then under such regulations as he may adopt.

VII. Monthly reports must be made to these headquarters with full lists of the prisoners, noting all changes during the month-whether exchanged, released on parole, died, discharged, &amp;c.

VIII. Special instructions with regard to the military prison at Alton have been given to the commanding officer at that post.

By command of Major-General Halleck:

N. H. McCLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, March 1, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General of the Army, Washington.

GENERAL: I inclose herewith a letter* from Colonel Mulligan. If recruiting is allowable from prisoners of war a considerable number can be obtained in a short time. Please answer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,

Saint Louis, March 1, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis:

GENERAL: The board of assessment organized pursuant to General Orders, Numbers 24, series of 1861, + from your headquarters, and further organized pursuant to Special Orders, Numbers 18, current series, for the

---------------

* Not found.

+ See p. 150.

---------------

