
exchange of prisoners of war to be substituted for that given in the former. I am instructed by the major-general commanding to say that complying with the requirements of said orders you are authorized to make actual personal exchanges; that were the enemy returns prisoners within our lines you will return within his lines the prescribed number of the proper grade. Where you have not the prisoners to return they will on your application be furnished from here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Cape Girardeau, Mo., March 24, 1862.

Brigadier General J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Missouri State Militia, Saint Louis, Mo.

SIR: Since my last I have to report that in and immediately around Cape Girardeau is quiet and peaceable. In the large scope of country including Bollinger, Scott, Stoddard and Dunklin and a portion of Cape Girardeau Counties small bands of secessionists are moving about committing depredations. There are seven men belonging to my battalion who were absent on sick leave ane were captured by these men, who seem to be still under command of M. Jeff. Thompson. One of the seven was killed while resisting. One of the prisoners has been returned with a letter* from M. Jeff. Thompson which I herewith inclose. Owing to a circumstance which I will hereafter report I cannot comply with the request made in said letter but there are fourteen commissioned officers who are on their parole of honor, and I have written to the commanding officer stating that I would release two captains and two lieutenants for the seven men that they have belonging to me.

You will see by the inclosed letter that Brigadier General M. Jeff. Thompson is still in command of a body of troops. The man who brought the letter says he saw and spoke to him twenty-five miles below Bloomfield. He could not ascertain the amount of force under him but I should suppose from the locality in which he was found and other circumstances he may have about 1,000 men. Should exigency require it will I telegraph to your headquarters for help, or will I send down to General Strong at Cairo?

I have to report also that nine prisoners confined in guard-house escape on the night of 23rd instant by means of a rope which had been used to tie an unruly soldier and was improperly left in the room.

I have a detail of men in pursuit.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

LINDSAY MURDOCH,

Captain, Missouri State Militia, Commanding Post.

OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Saint Louis, March 25, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICER, Glasgow, Mo.:

It has been brought to the knowledge of the commanding general that one Caples, a prisoner on parole, whose teachings and example has been productive of much trouble in Chariton, Saline and Howard

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

