
Counties has appointed to preach at Glasgow on the 29th and 30th instant. The mischief wrought by this man has been so great and so fully proven to me that in the absence of any order on the subject from headquarters I cannot hesitate to do what I feel to be a duty to the Government and to exercise a right with which my office invests me.

In the absence of any local provost-marshal at Glasgow to whom I would address a formal order on the subject in any manner the functions of a preacher or public speaker in the counties of Saline, Chariton and Howard until further orders. This he will regard as an order any violation of which will incur the penalties of resistance to military orders on his part. I have abundance of evidence that the peace and well-being of that section of country requires this course toward Mr. Caples and hope you will concur in this view and enforce obedience on his part to this order.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BERNARD G. FARRAR,

Provost-Marshal-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, ARMY OF THE WEST,Van Buren, March 26, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK,

Commanding Department of the Mississippi.

GENERAL: I desire to call your attention very respectfully to the fact that whilst I forthwith released upon their paroles and oaths more than 3,500 officers and men who were taken prisoners by me at Lexington you hold a large number of the officers and men of the Missouri State Guard and many citizens of Missouri in close confinement at Saint Louis, Alton and elsewhere, and that the men thus held by you are suffering greatly by reason of such unjust confinement.

I hope, general, that you will be pleased to imitate the example which I furnished so long ago, and have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General, Commanding First Division, Army of the West.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., March 28, 1862.

Captain H. H. HEATH, Provost-Marshal, Clinton, Mo.

CAPTAIN: As a general rule you will require all persons who have been in arms against the Government of the United States to take the oath and give a bond for $1,000. This rule applies only to those who have been in regular service. Such as have been guilty of irregular or illegal warfare you will hold for trial before a military commission, sending copy of evidence in each case to this office. Those who have a pass from provost-marshal at Springfield will not be detained. I presume he only gives such passes in cases where the party has complied with usual terms for returning to his allegiance.,

In all things not governed by general orders exercise your own discretion after obtaining all the facts. In such cases your opportunities to know and judge of the circumstances of each case will better enable you to decide than I possibly could.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. G. FARRAR,

Provost-Marshal-General.

