
returned secessionists are also continually petitioning to have additional troops sent to their counties to protect them from the operations of these same rebels.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

ATTORNEY-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

April 16, 1862.

JAMES O. BROADHEAD,

U. S. District Attorney, Saint Louis, Mo.

SIR: Since writing you yesterday I received yours* of the 12th asking for official assistance. Certainly you must have the needful aid and I shall take your judgement of the necessity. Your assistant must be a capable, good lawyer or he will be of little use. Name your man therefore and I will allow a fair and liberal compensation, avoiding alike extravagance and meanness. From my letter of yesterday I think you will understand the drift of my policy in the matter of prosecutions. I would use indictments for treason sparingly especially against small men. There are some magnates, however, who are not how in the State and may never be there again against whom a pending indictment for treason might be made useful in the future. Such (for instance only) as Generals Polk and Pillow, of Tennessee; Pike, of Arkansas; Van Dorn, Clark, Parsons, Reid, &amp;c., of Missouri; of course not forgetting Price, Jackson, and Thompson. When the war is mainly over it may be a good thing to have that hold upon them wherever they may then be.

Very respectfully,

EDWARD BATES.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., May 27, 1862.

General SCHOFIELD, Commanding, Saint Louis:

The President has received information that Washington Adams and Andrew Adams, of Boonville, have been arrested and are held in custody by the provost-marshal of Boonville without any sufficient cause. He desires that they be released if there be no sufficient cause to the contrary, and if they be not released that the cause for holding them in custody or requiring them to give bonds be communicated immediately to this Department. Your prompt attention to this subject is requested.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CONFEDERATE CORRESPONDENCE,

SAINT LOUIS, Mo., May 5, 1862.

General S. PRICE, Commanding State Militia.

DEAR SIR: I leave this city on Friday next with several men. You may need our services in Jefferson City; if so Missouri holds on me the first claim, consequently I tender you that service.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

