
After halting my command I send Doctor Armstrong, volunteer aide-de-camp, to demand a surrender of the forces. I allowed them ten minutes to decided. At the end of the time the captain in command made an unconditional surrender of the company, laying down their arms and side-arms. We took 100 rifles with saber bayonets, a quantity of ammunition and a train of seven wagons loaded with provisions. Colonel Churchill came up in good time with his command and made an imposing sight with his mounted riflemen.

The officers and men did everything in their power to make the movement as prompt as possible, and they marched up to within a short distance of a force whose numbers, were unknown with a step as regular and a front as unbroken as a body of veterans.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

JAMES McIntosh,

Captain, C. S. Army, and Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS McCULLOCH'S BRIGADE,Camp Jackson, Ark., July 9, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER, Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.

SIR:

* * *

On the 5th instant I found from authentic information that if the governor was to be rescued by my command it was necessary to move with more celerity than the infantry and artillery could march. I therefore moved on with about 3,000 cavalry leaving the infantry and artillery in camp twenty-eight miles north of this camp. Upon arriving within twelve miles of Neosho I ascertained that the force had already left that place and marched north against the governor leaving a detachment in Neosho between 100 and 300 men. I immediately sent two columns of cavalry on different roads to capture the detachment-one column of six companies under Colonel Churchill, and another under Captain McIntosh, of five companies. The movement was entirely successful and 137 prisoners fell into my hands, with 150 stand of arms, 1 color, 7 wagons (loaded with subsistence stores) and an ambulances. In the hurry of reporting this affair I made the amount of property and prisoners captured less than it actually was. * * *

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

BEN. McCULLOCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

PROCLAMATION.

JEFFERSON CITY, August 20, 1861.

TO THE PEOPLE OF MISSOURI:

FELLOW-CITIZENS: The enemy under my command has been organized under the laws of the State for the protection of your homes and firesides, and for the maintenance of the rights, dignity and honor of Missouri.

It is kept in the field these purposes alone, and to aid in accomplishing them our gallant Southern have come into our State with these. We have achieved a glorious victory* over the foe, and

---------------

* Probably has reference to the battle of Willson's Creek, August 10, 1861. See Series I, Vol. III, pp. 54-130, for official reports of this action.

---------------

