
scattered for and wide the well-appointed army which the usurper at Washington has been more than six months gathering for yours subjugation and enslavement.

This victory frees a large portion of the State from the powers of the invaders and restores it to the protection of its army. It consequently becomes my duty to assurer you that it is my firm determination to protect every peaceable citizen in the full enjoyment of all his right whatever may have been his sympathies in the present unhappy struggle, if he has not taken an active part in the cruel warfare which has been waged against the good people of this State by the ruthless enemies whom we have just defeated.

I therefore invite all good citizens to return to their homes and the practice of their ordinary avocations with the full assurance that they, their families, their homes and their property shall be carefully protected. I at the same time warn all evil-disposed persons who may support the usurpations of any one claiming to be provisional or temporary governor of Missouri or who shall in any other way give aid or comfort to the enemy that they will be held as enemies and treated accordingly.

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General, Commanding Missouri State Guard.

PROCLAMATION.
HDQRS. FIRST MILITARY DIST. MISSOURI STATE GUARD,Camp Hear, September 2, 1861.

TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:

Whereas, Major General John C. Fremont, commanding the minions of Abraham Lincoln in the State of Missouri, has seen fit to declare martial law* throughout the whole State and has threatened to short any citizen soldier found in arms within certain limits, also to confiscate the property and free the negroes belonging to the members of the Missouri State Guard: therefore, know ye that I. M. Jeff. Thompson, brigadier-general of the First Military District of Missouri, having not only the military authority of brigadier-general but certain police powers granted by Acting Governor Thomas C. Reynolds and confirmed afterward by Governor Jackson do most solemnly promise that for every member of the Missouri State Guard or soldier of our allies the armies of the Confederate States who shall be put to death in pursuance of said order of General Fremont I will hang, draw and quarter a minion of said Abraham Lincoln.

While I am anxious that this unfortunate war shall be conducted if possible upon the most liberal principles of civilized warfare and every exceed General Fremont in his excesses and will make all tories that come in my reach rue the day that a different policy was adopted by their leaders. Already mills, barns, warehouses and other private property have been wastefully and wantonly destroyed by the enemy in this district while we have taken nothing except articles strictly contraband or absolutely necessary. Should these things be repeated I will retaliate ten-fold, so help me God.

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

* See Fremont's Proclamation, p. 221.

---------------

