HEADQUARTERS MISSOURI STATE GUARD,Camp Wallace, Lexington, Mo., September 21, 1861.

Honorable C. F. JACKSON,

Governor of the State of Missouri:

I have the honor to submit to Your Excellency the following report of the action which terminated on the 20th with the surrender of the U. S. forces and property at this place to the army under my command:

After chastising the marauding armies of Lane and Montgomery and driving them out of the State and after compelling them to abandon Fort Scott as detailed in my last report I continued my march toward this point with an army increasing hourly in numbers and enthusiasm.

* * *

After 2 o'clock in the afternoon of the 20th and after fifty-two hours of continuous firing a white flag was displayed by the enemy on that part of the works nearest to Colonel Green's position, and shortly afterward another war displayed opposite to Colonel Rives'. I immediately ordered a cessation of all firing on our part and sent forward one of my staff officers to ascertain the object of the flag to open negotiations with the enemy, if such should be their desire. It was finally after some delay agreed by Colonel Marshal and the offices associated with him form that purpose by Colonel Mulligan that the United States forces should lay down their arms and surrender themselves as prisoners of war to this army. These terms having been made known were ratified by me and immediately carried into effect.

Our entire loss in this series of engagements amounts to 25 killed and 72 wounded. The enemy's loss was much grater.

The visible fruits of this almost bloodless victory are very great-about 3,500 prisoners, among whom are Colonels Mulligan Marshall, Peabody, White and Grover, Major Van Horn, and 118 other commissioned officers, 5 pieces of artillery and 2 mortars, over 3,000 stand of infantry arms, a large number of sabers, about 750 horses, many sets of cavalry equipments, wagons, teams, and ammunition, more than $100,000 worth of commissary stores and a large amount of other property. In addition to all I obtained the restoration of the great seal of the State and the public records which has been stolen from their proper custodian, and about $900,000 in money of which the bank at this place had been robbed and which I have caused to be returned to it.

* * *

I have the honor to be, with the greatest respect, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Memphis, Tenn., November 17, 1861.

Colonel W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the arrival on November 15, 1861, from Columbus of 99 prisoners taken at the battle of Belmont on 7th of November. There are 93 privates 4 commissioned officers, I orderly sergeant and 1 wagon-master. They were brought to Mem-

