
phis on steamer Ingomar, under command of Captain Dresden's company Louisiana volunteers. Upon their arrival they were taken charge of by me and marched in order to a large cotton warehouse which had been selected the day previous. The owner of the cotton warehouse objects so much to their occupying his house that I have determined to move them as soon as possible to a more convenient and equally secure place. They will have ample room as the building has a large yard, surrounded by high, thick walls. There is a guard of twenty-four privates, two commissioned officers and three non-commissioned officers, all taken from the home guard, relieved every twenty-four hours.

It will be my endeavor to make them as comfortable as possible. Rations will be furnished by the Government for their subsistence, doing their own cooking. A servant will be supplied to wait on the officers. There are now three companies of home guard organized as a guard, members of which all have families and subsist themselves. What will they be allowed for their services? A great many of them depend upon their labor for a support.

I am, colonel, very respectfully,

JOHN ADAMS,

Captain of Cavalry, C. S. Army, Commanding Post.

Statement of Dr. William W. Griswold, of Warren County, Mo.

I entered into the service of the medical department of the Missouri State Guard on the 14th of August, 1861, as an assistant surgeon in which were placed the wounded of two brigades of the Eighth Division of the Missouri State Guard. I assisted there until General Rains moved. I left with the division. At Stockton the general desired a courier northward; wishing to go to Henry County I volunteered my services, which were accepted.

I rejoined the army ere the battle of Dry Wood and assisted in attending to the wounded on that city. When the army moved on Lexington I was detailed (by Doctor Taylor, the brigade, surgeon) to take charge of the wounded and remove them to Greenfield, in Dade County, Mo., with orders to there establish a hospital. On my arrival at that place with the wounded I found a hospital already established, to which was attached a surgeon. I turned my patients over to him and returned to the army at Lexington. Again occupied my former position and attended the sick of the brigade. I stayed with the army until if crossed the Osage on its retreat. The army needing medicines which we could not procure in Southwest Missouri, and Colonel Boone wishing me to go with him to the north side of the Missouri River I obtained permission to go. Doctor Snodgrass, surgeon-general, however, ordered me to purchase all of certain articles of medicine then needed that I could get and send to the army.

Colonel Boone not succeeding in organizing the men he expected to I again returned to the army which was then near Greenfield, in Dade County. Colonel Boone received fresh orders and I was requested to attend him for the purpose of taking charge of the medical direction of the troops expected to be raised by him and assist in bringing them to the main army, my intimate knowledge with the country being of service to Colonel Boone.

