
I arrived in Callaway County in November, 1861. Assisted organizing several companies. Moved east into Warren County for the same purpose in December. Was there taken sick and by the time I was in condition to travel my retreat was cut off by the Federal troops. I lay in the woods and out-of-the-way places during the balance of the winter. The 1st of April started again to make my way to the army.

On the 2nd after traveling a few miles I was taken with the ague, and whilst sick surrounded and taken by the State militia from Danville, Montgomery County; taken to that place; incarcerated in a cell and ironed; taken out three time per day and paraded as a spectacle- a notorious and infamous secessionist. After keeping me in irons for a week or so the irons were taken off but I was kept confined in the cell until my removal to Mexico, Audrain County. There I was kept for five or six weeks. At the end on that time the farce of a trial was gone through with. I was not allowed any witness neither was I permitted to ask any question of theirs that would tend to invalidate their testimony. Nevertheless the commission could find nothing against me. I not being permitted witnesses that I desired refused to make any statement.

On my arrival in Saint Louis I there found officers who were with me in the army and by whom I could establish my position. I then wrote to the provost-marshal-general of the District of Missouri demanding an unconditional release as a surgeon of the Missouri State Guard. After a week or two his assistant sent for me. I reiterated my demand and offered to produce the evidence. He remanded me to prison. I then wrote to General Schofield twice, then to Washington City, then to the assistant provost-marshal-general at Saint Louis. The assistant requested me to send my evidence. I sent him my certificates which he retains and refuses to return. I have written to him three times for them but cannot get them. I was transferred from Saint Louis to Alton.

At each and every prison at which I have been confined I have been compelled to attend to the sick. At this place I have the choice of a cell or attention to the sick, and wounded.

Yours, respectfully,

WM. W. GRISWOLD,

Of Warren County, Mo.

Union Methods of Dealing with Guerrillas and the Lawless Elements of Missouri.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, May 27, 1861.

Brigadier General W. S. HARNEY,

Commanding Department of the West, Saint Louis, Mo.

SIR: The President observes with concern notwithstanding the pledge of the State authorities to co-operate in preserving peace in Missouri that loyal citizens in great numbers continue to be driven from their homes. It is immaterial whether these outrages continue from inability or indisposition on the part of the State authorities to prevent them. It is enough that they continue to devolve on you the duty of putting a stop to them summarily by the force under your command to be aided by such troops as you may require from Kansas, Iowa and

