
Illinois. The professions of loyalty to the Union by the State authorities of Missouri are not to be relied upon. They have already falsified their professions too often and are too far committed to secession to be entitled to your confidence, and you can only be sure of their desisting from their wicked purposes when it is out of their power to prosecute them. You will therefore be unceasingly watchful of their movements and not permit the clamors of their partisans and opponents of the wise measure already taken to prevent you from checking every movement against the Government however disguised under the presented State authority. The authority of the United States is paramount and whenever it is apparent that a movement whether by color of State authority or not is hostile you will not hesitate to put it down.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, June 13, 1861.

General L. THOMAS:

Telegraph lines have been destroyed near Jefferson City by party from there thus cutting off all direct communication with the West. The governor has caused the Gasconade bridge to be burned. Telegraph lines from Quincy east but none between these places.

N. LYON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS BRIGADE,Quincy, July 14, 1861.

Colonel J. M. PALMER, Fourteenth [Illinois] Regiment.

SIR: Your regiment is ordered back to-morrow to be joined by Colonel Grant's, who will bring you detailed orders and meet you at Palmyra. I regret to learn that disorder and depredations have marked the Sixteenth Regiment in Missouri. As senior colonel you will repress this at all hazards. No violence or robbery, no insults to women and children, no wanton destruction of property will be tolerated. License must be repressed by the sharpest remedies and any officers who permits or encourages will lose his commission.

Yours,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

P. S. - I cannot leave headquarters until my other regiment comes on Monday night and get them into camp.
HEADQUARTERS BRIGADE,Quincy, July 14, 1861.

Colonel SMITH, Sixteenth Illinois.

SIR: No depredations will be tolerated in property. Strict order will be preserved at the peril of officers and men. Give receipts at once for all that you take and take nothing that you do not want. Re-

