
port to me at once any violation of discipline in these or other respects.

I fear from reports that have reached me that violence and misrule have some scope in the Sixteen Regiment. This must be put down at all hazards.

Yours,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

GENERAL ORDERS, BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS,

Numbers 2. Quincy, Ill., July 16, 1861.

1. The general in command requires of all troops serving in Missouri strict obedience to the following directions for their conduct: No man is to be arrested or detained for mere expression of opinion. No interference with women, no breaking into houses or stores, no unauthorized seizures or destruction of private property will be tolerated, but every person so offending will be dealt with in pursuance of article 32 and 54 of the Articles of War.

2. If any person shall be detected by guards in the act of taking up track, removing rails, ties or spikes, placing obstructions on road or burning or injuring property necessary for the orderly running of the road the guard will immediately arrest all such persons, and if they escape arrest fire upon them.

* * *

10. If sworn information by reliable men is furnished that any person is engaged or has been engaged in raising troops destined to act against the United States, or has accepted service in any such force, or has knowingly and without compulsation furnished horses, provision or money or any article to assist and aid such, or if any person shall be actually found in such service by any officer or private of the U. S. troops they will be immediately apprehended for treason, and after preliminary investigation if in the judgment of any field officer there is cause to hold them for trial they will be sent to brigade headquarters with a statement of the facts and a list of the witnesses, but all examining officers will exercise extreme care and discrimination and not confound the innocent with the guilty, and exercise a just discretion.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS,

Quincy, July 16, 1861.

Colonel J. B. TURCHIN, Nineteenth [Illinois] Regiment.

SIR: The Nineteenth have now on opportunity of establishing a reputation for orderly and soldier-like behavior. I have no fears for their reputation for courage and gallantry. I regret that I have reliable information that they violate private rights of property and of person. This must be stopped at once. I call your attention to the Articles of War, sections 32 and 54, and shall required implicit obedience. The regiment must not be permitted to make friends into enemies and injure the cause of the Nation while in its service by excesses and violence. Peaceable citizens must be protected; offenders against such must be punished. You will cause strict inquiry to be made and where

