
damage has been done settle the amount and deduct from one offender's pay. In addition to this military punishment adequate to the offense will be inflicted even to the extent of ignominious discharge from the service. Prompt obedience and orderly behavior must be preserved. I send you in a private letter the facts which I require to be examined into and desire a report. If you are compelled by military necessity to take horses or transportation or any other private property let it be done by competent officers and reported to you, and let the cause of such taking, the property taken, the value and owner's name be entered on the regimental books and proper vouchers given to the owners. Your regiment by careful and orderly conduct can make hosts of friends, and I trust that the high opinion which I have of the officers may not be lowered by their misconduct in any way.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Brigadier-General, Illinois Volunteer Militia.

ASTOR HOUSE, NEW YORK, July 18, 1861.

Colonel TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant-General:

North Missouri Railroad torn up and obstructed by State forces.

Mails cannot be transported. Track torn up behind the United States troops. Some fighting between these and State forces. I have ordered General Pope to take the command in North Missouri with three regiments from Alton. He moves this morning. General Lyon calls for re-enforcements.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.

PROCLAMATION.

SAINT CHARLES, MO., July 19, 1861.

TO THE PEOPLE OF NORTH MISSOURI:

By virtue of proper authority I have assumed the command in North Missouri. I appear among you with force strong enough to maintain the authority of the Government and too strong to be resisted by any means in your possession usual in warfare. Upon your own assurances that you would respect the laws of the United States and preserve peace no troops have hitherto been sent in your section of the country. The occurrences of the last ten days have plainly exhibited that you lack either the power or the inclination to fulfill your pledges and the Government has therefore found it necessary to occupy North Missouri with a force large enough to compel obedience to the laws. So soon as it is made manifest that you will respect its authority and put down unlawful combinations against it you will be relieved of the presence of the forces under my command, but not till then.

I therefore warn all persons taken in arms against the Federal authority who attempt to commit depredation upon the public or private property or who molest unoffending and peaceful citizens that they will be dealt with in the most summary manner without awaiting civil process.

JNO POPE,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

