
HUDSON CITY, July 19, 1861.

GEORGE NASH,

Numbers 40, under Planter's House, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Shall go with train to-day. Conductor must bring out morning mail train. Inform President T. B. Moulton. Harris is moving about in timbered lands in Callaway County, with from 800 to 1,200 horsemen. U. S. troops on foot in pursuit. Trains containing U. S. troops on North Missouri Railroad were fired into four times en route to Mexico. One U. S. soldier buried at Montgomery City and several wounded now in trains at Mexico. Two [of] State troops caught and shot. No prisoners. Press seized at Mexico and sheet put out by U. S. troops. Oath administered to many citizens. Doctor Bass, member of State convention, taken prisoner at his own house, and his horses and mules, and taken to Montgomery City but released next day on parole. Colonel McNeil is between Harris and the river. Lieutenant-Colonel Hammer is between the North Missouri Railroad and Harris. Neither party knows the enemy's precise position. General Hurlbut and Colonel Palmer are at Hudson with about 1,800 troops; Colonel Smith is at Mexico with 3 locomotives, 60 or 70 cars and 400 men; says he does not want any more troops to assist in driving the enemy from the country. In addition to the above on the morning of the 18th forty U. S. cavalry, Hammer's command, left Montgomery City for Mexico. Ten miles west of Wellsville they were attacked by State troops and driven back to Wellsville with loss of one horse killed and two wounded. They proceeded from this station by train to Mexico.

- -
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Charles, Mo., July 20, 1861.

By instructions from the general of division I have assumed command of all the forces in North Missouri. Upon receipt of this communication all commanders of forces along the line of North Missouri Railroad will send forward to this place the trains, locomotives and cars of every description in their possession or under their control.

Commanders of regiments and detached corps will furnish at once a return of their commands, their stations and all other matter of moment.

[JOHN POPE,]

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

NOTICE.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Charles, July 21, 1861.

An investigation of the circumstances attending the difficulties along the line of the North Missouri Railroad and the wanton destruction of bridges, culverts, &amp;c., makes it manifest that the inhabitants of the villages and stations along the road if not privy to these outrages at least offered no resistance to them and gave no information by which they could have been prevented or merited punishment inflicted upon the criminals.

