
the necessity, especially when known that the steamer is not very capacious and was not chartered to carry so large a command, I have to insist:

First. That beyond the batteries, arms, ammunition, &amp;c., all supplies public material, and company luggage be left behind, to be disposed of under future orders, or carried off for these companies by the other troops.

Second. That the men go on board with five days' cooked provisions and canteens filled, about two days' hard bread, and other parts of the ration may be supplied from the stores on board.

Third. That before the troops the batteries be sent on board and as much of the luggage as possible, and when prepared the troops embarked as rapidly as possible.

I have quartermaster's funds (specie on board ship and deposit in New York) to defray the expenses of transportation, and will transfer them to your quartermaster as they may be required, and also leave some here on my departure.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. PORTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

RINGGOLD BARRACKS, TEX., February 6, 1861.

Major F. J. PORTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Brown, Brownsville, Tex.

MAJOR: Your letter of March 4 reached me at daylight this morning and found me executing nearly every item of your instructions. I sent an express to Major Sibley two days since urging him to move at once for Brownsville. I sent another express this morning with your letter, and hope it may meet him on the road. I leave forage for him at this post; he has subsistence sufficient to take him down. Major French will probably reach you before this letter; he left Edinburg this morning. Company A, Third Infantry, leaves by land to-morrow, and should be at Brownsville on the 11th. The baggage goes by steamer, and, being an invalid, I shall go by the same means. I send down all the corn and flour we can spare. Major French wrote in pencil on the envelope of your letter to me something about a train coming up for my use and for Major Sibley's use. If a train comes it will be sent to meet Major Sibley and expedite his movement. Our property is already on board the steamer Mustang, and we need no train.

I am, most respectfully, major, your obedient servant,

E. BACKUS,

Lieutenant-Colonel Third Infantry, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.]

ARTILLERY BATTALION,

Camp at La Blanca, Tex., about Fifty Miles from Brownsville,

March 6, 1861-1 p. m.

Major F. J. PORTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, Fort Brown, Tex.

MAJOR: Your communication of the 4th instant reached me in camp at 3. 30 p. m. yesterday at the Tortugas, thirty-three miles from here. I met the wagons this morning at 7. 30 o'clock six miles this side of Edinburg. The heat of the weather and the lengthened marches com-

