
the first case can arise in any county of North Missouri; and in the second the forces will be marched into the county or counties where the marauding parties were organized or whence they made the invasion and good will in like manner be quartered upon them. Where peace and good order are preserved the troops will not be required; where they are disturbed they will be restored at the expense of the county. To preserve the peace is the duty all good citizens, and as all will suffer alike from the breach of it men of every shade of political opinion can act cordially together in the discharge of a duty as full of interest to one as to another.

By performing this simple service as in times past and which it is certainly as much their interest and their duty to discharge to-day the people of this section of the country will be spared the anxiety, uneasiness and apprehension which necessarily attend the presence of armed forces in their midst and will again enjoy that security of person and property which has hitherto been their privilege.

All persons who have heretofore been led away to take up arms against the United States are notified that by returning and laying down their arms at the nearest military post and by performing their duty hereafter as peaceful and law-abiding citizens they will not be molested by the military forces, nor so far as the general commanding can influence the matter will they be subjected to punishment unless they have committed murder or some other aggravated offense.

By order of Brigadier-General Pope:

SPEED BUTLER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI, Numbers 3. Mexico, August 2, 1861.

In accordance with Special [General] Orders, Numbers 3, of July 31, 1861, the following movements of troops will immediately be made:

Brigadier-General Hurlbut with such force as he may consider necessary upon New London, Palmyra, Shelbyville, Bloomington, Linneus, Chillicothe, Gallatin, Kingston, Maysville, Plattsburg and Saint Joseph, Colonel T. A. Marshall with two companies of cavalry and one piece of artillery upon Paris; Captain McNulta with one company of cavalry upon Bowling Green and Danville, and Captain Peck, Twenty-first Illinois Volunteers, upon Troy and Warrenton; the commanding officer of the Fourteenth Illinois Volunteers with the four companies of his regiment at Renick upon Huntsville and Fayette, first removing regimental baggage and stores to Renick where the regiment will be concentrated at the expiration of this special service.

The commanding officers respectively will carefully examine the instructions contained in Special [General] Orders, Numbers 3, herewith inclosed, which they will distribute at the various settlements along the march.

They will assemble at each county seat here specified the most respectable citizens of the town and neighborhood and will read and carefully explain to them the provisions and requirements of the special [general] order.

They will then select from the number at least five of the most responsible persons taken from all political parties and appoint them a committee of public safety charged with preserving peace in their respective counties.

