
secessionists I specially require and I desire that you will give them plainly to understand that unless peace is preserved their property will be immediately levied upon and their contribution collected at once in any kind of property at hand.

When once the secessionists are made to understand that upon peace in their midst depends the safety of their families and property we shall soon have quiet again in North Missouri. Take care that your men are orderly and commit no excesses.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO POPE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Mexico, August 2, 1861.

Colonel WORTHINGTON, Commanding Iowa Troops, Keokuk.

SIR: Immediately upon receipt of this order you will direct Colonel Bussey, with his cavalry to march forthwith to Memphis, in Scotland County, and having discharged the duty hereafter specified in this order to effect a junction at Edina with the remainder of the forces under your command. You will please put on of your infantry regiments on march for Edina by the way of Waterloo and with the other regiment under your immediate command you will take boat for Canton and proceed to Edina by way to Monticello. When you have effected a junction there with your other forces report to me your operations and all matters of interest. Buy provisions for your troops whenever you need them and give orders for payment on the chief commissary at these headquarters.

You will disperse all bands of armed secessionists and if any are captured in arms send them direct to this place for trial. I send you a printed notice* to be distributed along the routes pursued by your respective columns and direct the commanding officer to appoint committees specified in the printed order, selecting for that purpose the most wealthy and prominent men in the county preferring mostly the secessionists. The printed orders and accompanying letter will inform you fully of the system I intend to adopt in Northeast Missouri. I wish to give the secessionists such inducements as loss of property, and danger to families to aid Union men in keeping the peace. Notify all the population that the forces stand prepared to enforce this printed notice fully and vigorously and commence it with your forces as soon as you think it desirable. Act promptly and vigorously and I think peace will result to all parts of North Missouri.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO POPE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding North Missouri.

NOTE. -The same instructions given to the commanding officer of the Iowa forces were furnished Colonel T. A. Marshall for his movement upon Paris; Captain Peck, Twenty-first Illinois Volunteers, for movement with his company upon Troy and Warrenton; Captain McNulta for movement with one company of cavalry upon Bowling Green and Danville, and to the commanding officer of Fourteenth Regiment Illinois Volunteers for movement with four companies upon Huntsville and Fayette.

---------------

* See "Notice," of July 21, p. 189.

---------------

