
pelled me to take all the wagons for my command, particularly as Major Shepherd has seized three of my wagons for his own use at Duncan, obliging me to throw out on the road ordnance stores to lighten my forge and battery wagons and causing unnecessary privations to my men. I will be in Brownsville on the day after to-morrow morning. The two communication for Forts Ringgold Barracks and McIntosh were at once sent forward.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. FRENCH,

Brevet-Major, U. S. Army.

P. S. - I left Duncan at 3 p. m. 20th ultimo.

[Inclosure Numbers 5.]

FORT McIntosh, TEX., March 9, 1861.

Major F. J. PORTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Brown, Tex.

MAJOR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 4th instant, and in reply have to state that I shall commence the march with the garrison of this post at the earliest moment possible. Transportation cannot be in readiness before day after to-morrow. I shall take rations for the command for thirty days. I have heard of no troops from above on the march in this direction. It was rumored that the garrison of Fort Duncan were to have commenced the march several days since; doubtless on San Antonio.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. C. SIBLEY,

Major Third Infantry, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure Numbers 6.]

FORT BROWN, TEX., March 9, 1861.

Major W. H. FRENCH,

Commanding Battalion First and Second Arty., Fort Brown, Tex.

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that the steamer Daniel Webster lies off Brazos Santiago prepared, except with a supply of water, to receive your command. Water will be sent be the first steamer communicating, which will be the one taking a battery. I am directed to take on board as many infantry as the steamer can carry to Key West, and have caused to be held in readiness the two companies of infantry now here. I desire these companies to embark with you, and also a third company, if it arrives in time to cause no delay, unless the future commander shall require them to remain to secure this post, and the supplies needed for the troops en route to it, until all are ready to embark. The ship will necessarily be crowded for three or four days, but if the suggestions in my letter of the 4th instant to the post commander by carried out, much inconvenience will be avoided.

I inclose a list* of supplies on board ship. Medical supplies will be required for the voyage, and a hospital steward to be left at Fort Taylor. I have arranged to the utmost of my power to facilitate your movements, and if I can in any manner aid you in future it will be my pleasure as well as my duty.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. PORTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See Porter to commanding officer, Fort Brown, p. 18.

---------------

