
and this is all I ask to exact from them. It is certainly their interest that they should do so. To spare effusion of blood, destruction of life or property and harassing and ofttimes undiscriminating outrage upon the people I have determined to present to the people if possible some common inducement to preserve the peace in their own midst. The common bond is their property, always in my power though the owner might be beyond my reach. I believed as I do now that as soon as it was felt that only by preserving peace and quiet among themselves and not molesting public or private property there would result security of person and property and the power to pursue unmolested their several avocations. Union men and secessionists would alike engage in putting a stop to lawless and predatory bands, and that the persons themselves who had joined these armed marauders would soon cease their forays and abandon their organization when they discovered that they had no sympathizers at home and that every act that they committed hostile to the peace of the country was a blow not only at their own property and safety but also at that of their own friends and relatives. Certainly loss of property is not to be weighed for a moment with loss of life or personal liberty, and as I believe firmly that the policy I have adopted will bring peace and quiet to North Missouri with the least destruction of human life I intend to enforce it promptly and vigorously in all cases.

Security of property and the absence of the military depend simply upon the people of North Missouri keeping the peace among themselves as in times past, and if they fail to do so they will be less wise than most of their race. I have not the slightest disposition to play the tyrant to any man on earth. I only ask the people of North Missouri, to keep the peace and respect the rights of others in their own midst and this I mean to exact from them if I have the power. If they will only do this, as they have do and can easily do now they will neither see mo nor my command.

I sincerely hope that these views may be satisfactory to you, and remain.

Very truly, yours, &amp;c.,

JNO POPE.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Mexico, August 4, 1861.

Captain J. C. KELTON.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report for the information of the general commanding the department that by a simultaneous movement I shall to-night or to-morrow morning occupy in force the county seats of the nineteen counties lying east of the North Missouri Railroad and its proposed continuation north to the Iowa line. The three Iowa regiments have been instructed to move as follows: The cavalry regiment to Memphis, the county seat of Scotland County, and thence to Edina, the county seat of Knox, near which it is reported that a camp of 2,500 secessionists has been established; one infantry regiment to march upon Edina direct from Keokuk, the other to come down to Canton and thence to march upon Edina by way of Monticello. These three regiments will effect a junction to-night or to-morrow morning at that point. Brigadier-General Hurlbut is instructed to occupy Palmyra, Shelbyville and Bloomington, the county seats of Marion, Shelby and Macon. He has probably done so to-day. Colonel Marshal with 500 infantry, 100 cavalry, and 2 pieces of horse artillery moved from this

