
policy I am pursuing here and its effects upon the people. He can also give full information concerning all matters of interest in this region. He bears with him dispatches to the Adjutant-General of which I beg your careful perusal. Colonel Grant is an old army officer, thoroughly a gentleman, and an officer of intelligence and discretion. I received a dispatch from Chester Harding, Jr., assistant adjutant-general, this morning dated Cairo, August 3. It is in cipher and I have not the key. I have directed Colonel Grant to ask it from you and to return at once by special engine. The publication in the Democrat of orders issued from these headquarters for the movement of troops was wholly unauthorized and was made through the indiscretion of the officers to whom they were issued and who will be held accountable. I think you need entertain no apprehension about the peace of North Missouri. You will doubtless hear many rumors more or less substantiated by seemingly good testimony, but from examination of many such I have found that there is little dependence to be placed on them. The arms of this command are old and worthless. About one-third of each company are without arms which can be used at all. The cavalry are wholly without arms of any kind except a few old flint-lock single-barreled pistols altered to percussion. Can you not have us furnished with approved arms?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO POPE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Louis, August 8, 1861.

Captain J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that I transmitted to General Hurlbut this morning a dispatch directing him to ascertain who did the firing on the passenger train yesterday near Palmyra, to shoot any man he caught who was engaged in it and to move at once with at least 500 men to the district in which this marauding party was organized and occupy it as directed in Special [General] Orders, Numbers 3,* from these headquarters. I have instructed him to billet his command upon the population and to require from them subsistence and transportation until all was quiet again.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO POPE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, August 8, 1861.

General S. A. HURLBUT:

If the train was fired into investigate it immediately. Find what section [the] party which fired came from and immediately occupy it with Illinois or Iowa regiments, quartering the men in houses and demanding subsistence, &amp;c., for them in compliance with Special [General] Orders, Numbers 3. It is to enforce this order promptly and rigorously that I wish to keep your force concentrated. As soon as you can

---------------

*Order of July 31, 1861, p. 195.

---------------

