
ascertain from what county those who fired came from march instantly with a whole regiment to occupy it. Shoot any who were concerned in the firing. My headquarters will be here. Keep me advised by telegraph every day.

JNO POPE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Louis, August 9, 1861.

COMMANDING OFFICER, Boonville, MO.

SIR: I transmit herewith Special [General] Orders, Numbers 3,* from these headquarters, which is to be made applicable to Lexington, Boonville, Kansas City and the towns and counties along the river. You will therefore distribute this order at once among the people of Boonville and the adjacent counties and appoint a committee of public safety in Boonville to consist of five of the most wealthy and prominent men taking at least three secessionists. You will read and carefully explain to them the provisions of the special order and accept no excuses from serving from anyone appointed a member of the committee. Reported their names to these headquarters immediately and notify all persons in Boonville of their names and their appointment. Have a number of copies printed of the special order for distribution and impress distinctly upon the people that any disturbance of the peace or any assembling of armed forces hostile to the Government will be promptly followed by the occupation of the houses of the people by strong bodies of U. S. troops, who will be fed and transported by them for the whole period necessary to restore peace and to insure its being kept. I wish and intend not only to enlist the interests of the secessionists to preserve the peace in their own midst but I am resolved that for every breach of it they shall suffer a pretty severe penalty. I am satisfied that peace can be kept if the people will interest themselves in keeping it, and I have therefore furnished them with a very strong inducement to do so. Report to me at once when you have completed these arrangements furnishing all needed information.

Respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

[JNO POPE,]

Brigadier-General, Commanding in North Missouri.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., August 9, 1861.

General S. A. HURLBUT:

Don't fail to act promptly and vigorously according to orders. Go to the county where the marauders fired on the train. Force the people under penalty to tell where those men came from. If you cannot find out occupy with your forces the district and county seat and county in which the firing was done. Don't fail in severity or in strict compliance with orders or upon yourself will rest a serious responsibility.

JNO POPE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

*Order of July 31, 1861, p. 195.

---------------

