
had yet been qualified in this region I should have delivered him to that authority. He is now held by the U. S. marshal at Palmyra or subject to such order as I may receive from the general commanding.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

SPECIAL ORDER.] PALMYRA, August 13, 1861.

The general commanding the line of the Hannibal and Saint Joseph Railroad hereby gives notice to all citizens of Missouri who have actually taken up arms under orders from the late Governor Jackson, or who have under like orders in any way participated in the late movements, that in conformity with the proclamation of Governor Gamble and the orders of the Secretary of War all who voluntarily lay down their arms if they have been in actual service or come in and take the oath of allegiance to the government created by the late convention shall not be arrested by military authority or in any other way treated differently from other peaceable citizens. Those who have resided in Marion County can take the oath of allegiance subscribed by them, before Mr. Dryden, of Palmyra, or such person as he may appoint. All such persons will be furnished with a certificate from the commissioner which shall be held as a safeguard, unless they are found afterward guilty of criminal acts. All officers and soldiers under my command who disobey these orders or violate such safeguards will be promptly and severely punished to the extent of military law. No persons except those who have been actually engaged in firing upon the trains will be arrested in any case except upon the order of Colonel Smith, commanding Sixteenth Illinois, in charge of Marion County.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS BRIGADE U. S. RESERVE CORPS,Saint Louis, August 13, 1861.

Captain TRACY,

Commander of the Post, Saint Louis Arsenal.

SIR: I herewith send Dr. H. Caldwell, a prisoner taken in Lewis County, MO., near La Grange. The prisoner was one of the most active enemies of the Government in Northeast Missouri. He commanded the enemy's artillery at the battle near Athens on the-July. He has with his company arrested a number of Union men and particularly Lieutenant Joseph R. Rickey, of the Eleventh Missouri Regiment, whom I believe they now hold. He has been an active armed enemy from the beginning. He marched at the head of the rebel forces on Edina, driving the Union men away and pillaging and destroying their property. He with his company visited Palmyra for the purpose of attacking the U. S. forces there but did not do so. He is one of the leaders of the enemy in all our troubles in that section of the State.

Very respectfully,

JOHN McNEIL,

Colonel Third Regiment, U. S. Reserve Corps, Commanding at Saint Louis.

The prisoner was arrested by Captain Charlton H. Howe and delivered to me this day by him.

