
[Inclosure Numbers 7.]

FORT BROWN, TEX., March 9, 1861.

COMMANDING OFFICER, Fort Brown, Tex.

SIR: I to-day notified the commander of the artillery battalion to embark on the steamer Daniel Webster; that I desired, under the authority of the general-in-chief, to embark with him the two companies of infantry now here, and a third company, should it arrive in time to cause no delay, unless the commander of this post shall require them to secure this post, and the supplies needed for troops en route to it, until all shall be ready to embark. I do not insist upon removing these infantry companies, though I am anxious to do so, and will be much gratified to know that I can remove them without fear of a collision between the future garrison and the authorities of Texas.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. PORTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 8.]

FORT BROWN, TEX., March 10, 1861.

Captain W. B. JOHNS,

Third Infantry, Commanding Fort Brown, Tex.

SIR: By order of the general-in-chief I call upon you to turn over the command of this post to the proper officer and unite your companies to those which are to embark on the steamer Daniel Webster. Brevet Major French is the senior officer, to whom you will report. Lieutenant J. W. Alley, acting assistant quartermaster and acting assistant commissary of subsistence, will remain to turn over the property for which he is and may become responsible, and then be ordered to join his company.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. PORTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

[On a copy furnished Captain Stoneman was added:]

Copy for the information of Captain George Stoneman, First [Second] Cavalry, who will relieve Captain Johns in command of the post.

By command of Lieutenant General Winfield Scott:

F. J. PORTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 9.]
HEADQUARTERS,Fort McIntosh, Tex., March 11, 1861.

Major F. J. PORTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Brown, Tex.

MAJOR: I have to report that I shall commence my march for Fort Brown to-morrow. I was not able to move to-day in consequence of unavoidable delay in procuring the necessary transportation - Mexican carts.

I would state that I received an express order to-day from San Antonio, by which Major Nichols informs me that it was the intention of the commander of the department to order the troops at this post and Ringgold

