
SAINT LOUIS, August 15, 1861.

General S. A. HURLBUT:

Relieve Marion County and Palmyra from further punishment. Release McAfee. I have explained to you by mail.

JNO POPE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, August 15, 1861.

General S. A. HURLBUT:

Do as you please about the camp. Keep at Brookfield if you think best. Report your decision. Release McAfee for reasons which will be given by letter. *

JNO POPE,

Brigadier-General.

PROCLAMATION.
HEADQUARTERS,Saint Genevieve, Mo., August 15, 1861.

To THE CITIZENS OF THE CITY OF SAINT GENEVIEVE:

On my arrival at this place I found such a disposition on the part of parties who sympathize with the rebel forces as to seriously alarm the Union men for the safety of their lives and property. I deem it my duty to warn all persons who may in any way be connected with such forces that they will be held individually responsible both in their persons and property for any outrage which may be committed on Union men here. When reliably informed of such I will not hesitate to return at once this city and retaliate in the most summary manner. It will be no excuse that they did not assist the rebels. They must prevent any outrages on Union men or take the consequences.

JOHN McDONALD,

Major, Commanding Forces at this Post.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Louis, August 17, 1861.

Captain JOHN C. KELTON, Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with directions from the general commanding the department I have the honor to submit the following brief remarks concerning the condition of the district under my command:

In consequence of the firing on the trains of the Hannibal and Saint Joseph road General Hurlbut with 600 men and two pieces of artillery has been occupying Marion County for the past ten days and enforcing the provisions of General Orders, Numbers 3,# from these headquarters, which requires the inhabitants to furnish quarters, subsistence and transportation in case of difficulties of the kind. The effect has been complete, and in compliance with solemn pledges on the part of

---------------

*No letter found giving reasons for release of McAfee.

#Order of July 31, 1861, p. 195.

---------------

