
who were taken in arms against the Government or who have in any way encouraged or pretended to encourage or promote any disturbance or breach of the peace to this city and to send an officer to report their arrival to Brigadier-General Pope at his headquarters on the corner of Fourth street and Washington avenue. You will also send a clear and concise statement of the offense of each individual. You will set at liberty all against whom no charges are established.

I am, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

[C. A. MORGAN,]

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Louis, August 20, 1861.

Colonel CYRUS BUSSEY, Keokuk, Iowa.

COLONEL: I am directed by the general commanding to request you to examine all the prisoners taken by Colonel Moore, and to send under proper guard to the arsenal all who were taken in arms against the Government or who have been in any way concerned in the breaches of the peace or outrages, with a specification of the offense of each prisoner. You will set at liberty all against whom there is no authenticated charge.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[C. A. MORGAN,]

Aide-de-Camp.

BARNUM'S HOTEL, SAINT LOUIS,

August 24, 1861.

Major General JOHN C. FREMONT, Saint Louis.

SIR: The undersigned beg leave to call your attention to the state of things touching the public peace in Northern Missouri and to invoke the intervention of your authority immediately to correct the evils upon us and to avert the still greater ills with which we are threatened. The brigadier-general for the suppression of the rebellion and for the keeping of the peace in that region has adopted the policy of requiring each county to keep the peace within its own borders; in case of disorders to render up to the military authorities at brigade headquarters the disturbers of the peace or in default thereof to submit to the levy of such contributions on the inhabitants (loyal and disloyal alike) as will meet the expenses of a military force sufficient to restore order. Herewith find an order* of Brigadier-General Hurlbut which marks the policy. To this policy we submit most respectfully the following objections: First, it is without warrant of law. Second, it proposes to punish the innocent with the guilty-Union men with disunionists. Third, it is irritating to the people and deeply injurious to the Union cause. It has already driven thousands from our ranks who were formerly in co-operation with us. Fourth, it proposes to impose penalties prescribed by no law, civil, criminal, or military. Fifth, if assumes as its basis what is false in fact that the civil authorities of the country are capable of suppressing this monstrous rebellion-an assumption in the face of every step in this war from the President's first proclamation to the arming of the last regiment mustered into service.

---------------

*See p. 213.

---------------

