
been arrested who are suspected of having been engaged in the firing. I have no reliable information as to the movements of McCulloch's forces but there is a current rumor here that he is moving toward this point. From a spy who came in yesterday I learn that companies are being organized in all the counties west of here. Some of these bands are acquiring considerable proportions. Many troops have crossed the Missouri River from the north within the last two weeks and are joining the forces on this side. If I had sufficient force all that could be stopped.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Louis, August 26, 1861.

Major-General FREMONT.

GENERAL: In order that the system of preserving the peace in North Missouri and protecting the railroads from destruction together with the reasons that suggested its adoption may be thoroughly placed before you I inclose the printed orders issued* and I ask your careful perusal of them in justice to myself. I have also to request that if it be decided to abandon this policy and release Marion County from a penalty justly incurred it be done through orders from these headquarters in order that my authority in North Missouri be not so impaired that I can no longer have that influence here which alone enables me to be of service.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

JNO POPE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Jefferson City, Mo., August 26, 1861.

Colonel WILLIAM H. WORTHINGTON, Fifth Iowa Volunteers:

See E. B. McPherson, a true Union man, who will show you a copy of the Boonville Patriot. Bring all the printing material, type, &amp;c., with you. Arrest J. L. Stevens and bring him with you and some copies of the paper he edits. Bailey is a particularly obnoxious person and should be arrested. B. S. Wilson & Co. have been furnishing the rebels with groceries. You may therefore pay him a visit and if you require it draw two or three days' supplies for your command, keeping an account of the amount taken, its value, &c. Give secessionists to understand what to expect if it becomes necessary to visit them again. Take all canteens you may find from a tin-shop which is reported to have been working for the rebels. It is reported that the proprietor of the ferry-boat has observed his part of the engagement entered into as far as practicable but there is no doubt that he is deceived daily as to the character of the parties he is crossing, and now so many will want to cross that his boat will be taken possession of if not given freely.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

*See ante.

---------------

