
cars. When there is added to this the irregularities of the soldiery-such as taking poultry, pigs, milk, butter, preserves, potatoes, horses and in fact everything they want; entering and searching houses and stealing in many cases; committing rapes on the negroes and such like things-the effect has been to make a great many Union men inveterate enemies and if these things continue much longer our cause is ruined.

* * * I can fully substantiate all I have written.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

Extract from letter of J. T. K. Hayward to J. W. Brooks, dated "Steamer Jennie Deans, August 14, 1861. "

I am on my way from Saint Louis home. I have waited on General Pope with a committee from our county and have succeeded in obtaining promises from him which are tolerably satisfactory. I hope he will carry them out.

The news of recent movements in the State is exciting and I fear its effect on our community. It is of great importance that the Government should be successful here and elsewhere now. The death of General Lyon casts a gloom over us all.

* * * * *

There seems to be at present in our part of the State a disposition on the part of good citizens of secession sympathies to cease hostilities and urge those who will fight to enlist and join the regular forces. The partial success of the rebels and the fact that in greatly superior force they are constantly advancing into the State is what I most fear. On the other hand it is very strange with all our boasted superiority in men and resources that the rebels manage at nearly every point to meet our troops with greatly superior numbers. There are screws loose somewhere. I am tired of receiving blows. I want to see the war offensive on our part. This course of events will soon ruin our cause before the world.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

Extract from letter of J. T. K. Hayward to J. W. Brooks, dated "Hannibal, August 17, 1861. "

Most of this week has been spent in efforts for peace and conciliation. Things were getting to such a pass here that no one felt safe and all could see that the matter as it was going on would soon be much worse and men on either side would be shot down at sight while property would be entirely insecure. I think it is a consciousness of this that has made our most respectable and leading secessionists manifest a desire of late to have a stop put to this irregular warfare. At least I have taken advantage of this disposition and worked with them-I trust to some purpose; it remains to be seen how much. Our train was fired into last night and one man killed and three wounded. It was a train mostly of soldiers. A ball passed close to the head of the conductor, aimed as is believed at him expressly. Two of our best runners have left in consequence of their trains being fired on. We intend however to run the road if Farley and myself have to go on the engines and run them. But we must have a change in our military rule here or we are helplessly gone. It is a load the Union men cannot bear.

Yours, truly,

J. T. K. HAYWARD.

