
Barracks via San Patricio and Indianola, as the object no doubt is to get the troops out of Texas with as much dispatch as possible. I shall not change my arrangements of marching on Fort Brown.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. C. SIBLEY,

Major Third Infantry, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure Numbers 10.]

MOUTH OF THE RIO GRANDE, March 13, 1861.

Major W. H. FRENCH,

Commanding Battalion of Artillery and Infantry,

Mouth of the Rio Grande, Tex.

MAJOR: I contracted to-day with the agent of the Southern Steam-ship Company to transport on the steamer Rusk to Tortugas and Key West such portion of your command as cannot be embarked on the Webster. The contract I inclose, and inform you the Rusk will be at your disposal; and I desire, in the name of the general-in-chief, that you will consider your instructions so amended as to authorize you to take her.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. PORTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 11.]

MOUTH OF THE RIO GRANDE, March 13, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel E. BACKUS,

Third Infantry, Commanding Fort Brown, Tex.

COLONEL: A steamer will be at Brazos on Monday or Tuesday to take troops to Tortugas and Key West, and I wish Assistant Surgeon L'Engle, or any other medical officer at hand, ordered, in the name of the general-in-chief, to join the command on board for duty at Fort Jefferson, Tortugas. I desire the company of infantry now with you to be held in readiness to embark on the same steamer, to be transferred to one at Key West to sail to New York harbor. I will give you timely notice by express when it should be at Brazos Santiago. I think, however, there is little chance of its going, but I notify you that no delay may arise. I make these calls by authority of the general-in-chief.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. PORTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. - If an hospital steward can be spared be pleased to order him to accompany Assistant Surgeon L'Engle, to be assigned to duty at Key West.

F. J. PORTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 12.]

FORT BROWN, TEX., March 16, 1861.

Major F. J. PORTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Mouth of the Rio Grande, Tex.

MAJOR: The mail brought me letters* from Major Sibley, which I inclose that you may read. He will probably be at Ringgold to-mor

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

