
[Inclosure Numbers 4.]

HANNIBAL, August 19, 1861.

J. W. BROOKS, Esq., Boston.

DEAR SIR: Our train was fired into yesterday. There were troops on board. No one hurt. If we cannot have a change in the administration of military affairs here in North Missouri our cause will be ruined. There are a good many rebel camps known to be within three to ten miles of the road; Union men constantly driven out; trains fired into, &amp;c., and yet no effort made to attack them.

Yours, truly,

J. T. K. HAYWARD.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Jefferson City, Mo., August 27, 1861.

Captain SPEED BUTLER, Saint Louis, Mo.:

* * * The detachment that left here a few days since to arrest parties for firing into the cars west of here brought in a number of prisoners but from all the evidence they were the most innocent men in the county. I had them liberated.

* * * *

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, August 30, 1861.

Colonel J. H. EATON, U. S. Army.

DEAR COLONEL: I inclose a special order on the subject of the policy pursued in North Missouri. This order is based upon a conversation with the general yesterday and before issuing it I wish to submit it to his approval. Will you please present it to him and get his approval? If you will return it to me as soon as you can that I may have it printed and sent off by mail (if the general approves) I shall be much obliged to you.

Very truly, yours,

JNO POPE.

[Inclosure.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Numbers 13. Saint Louis, August 30, 1861.

In compliance with the representations of Governor Gamble, Honorable F. P. Blair and other well known citizens of Missouri at their earnest request the provisions and requirements of Special [General] Orders, Numbers 3,* from these headquarters, are hereby suspended. Although it is the firm conviction of the general commanding in North Missouri that good policy and the peace of that section would have dictated the strict enforcement of the order yet he is willing to defer to the earnest wishes of the executive civil authority of the State and of the prominent citizens who are equally solicitous with himself that peace and

---------------

*Order of July 31, 1861, p. 195.

---------------

