HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Louis, August 31, 1861.

Colonel WILLIAMS, [Third] Iowa Regiment, Brookfield.

COLONEL: Immediately upon receipt of this letter you will proceed to Palmyra with all the effective men of your command, leaving the Missouri regiment (Morgan's) to occupy Brookfield and guard the public stores there. The object of your movement is to open the road which is reported to be obstructed near Palmyra and occupy Palmyra so as to insure the safety of travel. You will at once dispatch a messenger to General Hurlbut with the inclosed order and make sure that he gets it. You can send for your regimental baggage as soon as the road is clear as your station for some time to come will be Palmyra or Hannibal.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

[JNO POPE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.]

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Louis, August 31, 1861.

Brigadier-General HURLBUT, Kirksville.

GENERAL: Upon the receipt of this order and without the least delay you will move with your force upon Palmyra and reopen the road which has been obstructed. I cannot conceive how you could have remained ten days at Kirksville and allowed Green's forces to interrupt travel and commit outrages unopposed all through Marion County. Break up your camp at once and march on Palmyra. Moore is ordered to follow you and 500 of Bussey's cavalry will be sent from Keokuk to Hannibal. You have force enough and to spare and great surprise and dissatisfaction is expressed at department headquarters at your unexplained delay at Kirksville. Mr. Cassel will hand your orders concentrating Paris which you will execute at once.

Respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

JNO POPE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Saint Louis, September 4, 1861.

Colonel J. C. DAVIS, Commanding, Jefferson City.

SIR: The major-general commanding orders that you cause Captain Magoffin, taken prisoner at Georgetown, Mo., to be sent forthwith with all other prisoners of the same character to the arsenal of this city. Send copies of accusations against them.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. EATON,

Major, U. S. Army, and Military Secretary.

