
TROY, MO., September 5, 1861.

General JOHN C. FREMONT.

SIR: The committee of safety for the county of Lincoln appointed under the special order of Brigadier-General Pope in his absence from his headquarters at Saint Louis beg leave to report to you the condition of affairs in our county.

We have made several reports to General Pope of the movements of armed bodies of men in and through our county telling him that we were unable to control such movements within ourselves, and with the means of defense in the hands of our people and the general feeling toward us it would be impossible to disperse and break up the organization in our county while all the surrounding counties contribute to increase the members making the force entirely beyond our control.

For several days past quite a stir has been going on amongst these forces. Men have been gathering in from different quarters until now they are several hundred strong though considerably scattered. They have no regular encampment but we are informed that they have a camp on instruction at which they meet from day to day for military exercise. This place of meeting is situated about six miles south of Troy and about the same distance north of Millville on the North Missouri railroad.

Within the last few days several complaints have been made to us of depredations committed by small parties belonging to this organization upon some of our citizens. We have remonstrated against such proceedings and have succeeded in one or two instances of having horses restored that were taken. As yet we have heard of no threats or acts of violence toward any one. All is quiet with the exceptions mentioned. We see no signs of a forward movement of the forces around us; they will probably remain as they are unless disturbed. There is a continual passing in and out of our town of these men. They go to and fro without molestation making no disturbance with the exception of occasional noisy demonstrations produced from the effects of bad whisky. And if you will allow us the suggestion while on this point if the same regulations in regard to dram-shops as exist in Saint Louis were extended to this and every other county in the State the peace of the country generally would be better preserved. Give no permits to dram sellers or liquor dealers in any town or village unless recommended by a majority of the citizens through the committee of safety and the result will be for the general good of the people. As the condition of affairs demand we will report from time to time.

We are, truly, yours,

C. W. PARKER AND OTHERS,

Committee.

SAINT LOUIS, September 6, 1861.

Brigadier-General STURGIS, Commanding at Arsenal.

SIR: In order to put a stop to the robberies and violence committed by the rebel hordes under Green who are now assembled at Shelbina to the number of about 3,000 and who have cut off Colonel Williams from his eastern communication lines I have resolved upon a combined attack on the rebels and their annihilation.

* * * *

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.

