
FORT LEAVENWORTH, KANS., September 7, 1861.

Major-General FREMONT:

The communications by rail and wire entirely cut off on the Hannibal and Saint Joseph. Lane reports the enemy's column marching on Lexington. Can a force attack from Jefferson City while Lane attacks from the west?

W. E. PRINCE.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Leavenworth, Kans., September 9, 1861.

General J. H. LANE,

Commanding Kansas Brigade, Fort Lincoln, Kans.

GENERAL:

* * * *

I hope you will adopt early and active measures to crush out this marauding which is being enacted in Captain Jennison's name as also yours by a band of men representing themselves as belonging to your command. Captain Wilder will be able to give the details of their conduct at Leavenworth City, and doubtless their atrocities in other localities have been already represented to you. Please have a formal examination into the plundering of private and public buildings which has recently taken place as I am informed at Fort Scott. It will be necessary for representation to higher authority and for the adjustment of the accounts of disbursing officers.

* * * *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. E. PRINCE,

Captain, First Infantry, Commanding.

BROOKFIELD, September 11, 1861.

Major General JOHN C. FREMONT:

I have command of this post some days but must have four pieces of artillery if I hold it much longer. The rebels are concentrating around in every direction and I know we will be attacked before long. This post and stores and round-house must be held. Over 200 of my command are aiding to build the Platte River bridge near Saint Joseph. No communication with General Pope since he has been on the road. Fifteen hundred with General Pope since he has been on the road. Fifteen hundred of Green's forces commenced crossing the river about Glasgow yesterday, forty-five miles from here.

W. JAS. MORGAN,

Colonel.

HUDSON, September 12, 1861.

Major-General FREMONT:

It is altogether untrue that any bridges or culverts have been destroyed between this place and Hannibal as stated in the papers. Since my arrival in this section a trestle-work was destroyed by Green. It was repaired and day before yesterday spread out as the train passed over. It was a simple accident. It is now repaired and the

15 R R-SER II, VOL I

