
the second about 600 Iowa State troops-will be here to-day having swept whole region north of this place clean. I put them immediately in motion along both sides of railroad to clean out the small squads remaining in the woods from Saint Joseph to Chillicothe. In five days North Missouri will be again quiet and the regiments of Tindall, Moore, Foster, Morgan and Glover will return. So you will please send Tindall's regiment as soon as possible to Chillicothe.

I go east to-day to urge into the field the regiments named. There are some disturbances of minor importance in the extreme northeast and I must get to Canton and Keokuk without awaiting the return of Smith's command. Can Glover and Bussey get their cavalry armed at once?

JNO POPE,

Brigadier-General.

HUDSON, MO., September 16, 1861.

General FREMONT:

Just arrived here on my way to Keokuk. Find Ohio regiments on their way to Utica. If you can send Tindall's regiment to Chillicothe immediately the Sixteenth Illinois and Third Iowa can also be forwarded to Lexington. There will be no more considerable trouble in North Missouri.

JNO POPE,

Brigadier-General.

QUINCY, ILL., September 17, 1861.

Major-General FREMONT:

Arrived here last night but did not find boat I had requested to be sent from Saint Louis to carry me from Canton to Keokuk. Cannot do my business without her. There is now no difficulty in North Missouri nor do I believe that fifty armed men can get together in the region south of Knox and Lewis Counties. Shall be up there as soon as I can get a boat. Railroad all clear and will remain so and will return to Saint Louis as soon as I finish up the river. Bussey and Glover need their cavalry arms.

JNO POPE.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Franklin, October 15, [1861.]

Colonel J. H. EATON, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

Big River bridge seven miles below De Soto on Iron Mountain Railroad was burned last night. I have no particulars and don't understand it as a sufficient guard was there. Shall go down to see to it and will telegraph.

CHESTER HARDING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 1. Quincy, Ill., October 17, 1861.

I. Having been assigned to duty in Northeastern Missouri by instructions from Brigadier-General Prentiss, commanding, dated Jef-

