
declared that no Union man shall remain in this part of the State and you may rest assured that they mean to do just what they say. If the Government intends to extend protection to the people of Western Missouri it must be done at the earliest day possible or it will not be worth protecting as the rebels are stealing and robbing the Union citizens of money, personal property, such as cattle, horses, mules, hogs, sheep, household goods, bed clothing and even the wearing apparel of the females of Union families.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES D. EADS,

Colonel Twenty-seventh Missouri Volunteers.
HDQRS. OF THE ARMY, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,Washington, November 25, 1861.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, U. S. Army,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.

SIR: In reply to your telegram of the 20th instant the general-in-chief desires you to give your views more fully as to the necessity of enforcing martial law in your department, and if you think the necessity is sufficiently pressing for such a step to mention the names and addresses of the officers to whom you think the power should be given.

I am, sir, &amp;c.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

PROCLAMATION.

[KANSAS CITY, MO., November 27, 1861.]

To THE PEOPLE OF JACKSON, LAFAYETTE,

CASS, JOHNSON, AND PETTIS COUNTIES, MO.:

I have come among you with my command under the authority of the General Government for the purpose of protecting the supply trains and all other property of the United States Government and for the purpose of throwing a shield of protection and defense around all men who are loyal to that Government.

No excess will be committed by any soldier in my command.

We march to enforce to give evidence of his loyalty by active efforts for the protection of the flag. For four months our armies have marched through your country; your professed friendship has been a fraud; your oaths of allegiance have been shams and perjuries. You feed the rebel army; you act as spies while claiming to be true to the Union. We do not care about your past political opinions; no man will be persecuted because he differs from us. But neutrality is ended. If you are patriots you must fight; if you are traitors you will be punished.

The time for fighting has come. Every man who feeds, harbors, protects or in any way gives aid and comfort to the enemies of the Union will be held responsible for his treason with his life and property. While all the property of Union men and all their rights will be religiously respected traitors will everywhere be treated as outlaws-

