
enemies of God and men-too base to hold any description of property and having no rights which loyal men are bound to respect. The last dollar and the last slave of rebels will be taken and turned over to the General Government.

Playing war is played out, and whenever Union troops are fired upon the answer will boom from cannon and desolation will follow treason. Loyal citizens will be fully remunerated for all property taken from them for the use of the army.

All land between Fort Leavenworth and the headquarters of the Army of the West is under the jurisdiction of the United States and we propose to have a regular road over it and sure communication through it no matter at what cost of rebel treasure and blood.

It is hoped that you will see the necessity of abiding by the laws and actively sustaining them. But if you raise an arm against the Government we have sworn to protect the course I have briefly marked out I will follow to the letter.

C. R. JENNISON,

Colonel, Commanding Seventh Kansas Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION,Syracuse, November 28, 1861.

Captain J. C. KELTON:

I have two prisoners in my possession one of whom was taken with arms in his hands; the other was an expressman sent forward to advise the guerrilla party camped near Marshall of the approach of the forces sent from this command. Both belong to the guerrilla parties which have so long infested Missouri and which make war regardless of all and obligation of authority. I have the honor to request to know what disposition to make of such prisoners as they are taken every day.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

[JNO POPE,]

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, November 30, 1861.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,

Commander-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.

GENERAL: There can be no doubt that the enemy is moving north with a large force and that a considerable part of Northern Missouri is in a state of insurrection. The rebels have organized in many counties, taken Union men prisoners, and are robbing them of horses, wagons, provisions, clothing, &amp;c. There is as yet no large gathering in any one place so that we can strike them.

To punish these outrages and to arrest the traitors who are organizing these forces and furnishing supplies it is necessary to use the military power and enforce martial law. I cannot arrest such men and seize their papers without exercising martial law for there is no civil authority to reach them. The safety of Missouri requires the prompt and immediate exercise of this power, and if the President is not willing to intrust me with it he should relieve me from the command. It is and has been for months exercised here by my predecessors but I cannot find any written authority of the President for doing

