
so. I mean to act strictly under authority and according to instructions and where authority will not be granted the Government must not hold me responsible for the result.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

Major General HENRY W. HALLECK,

Commanding in the Department of Missouri.

GENERAL: As an insurrection in the United States and is in arms in the State of Missouri you are hereby authorize and empowered to suspend the writ of habeas corpus within the limits of the military division under your command and to exercise martial law as you find it necessary in your discretion to secure the public safety and the authority of the United States.

In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the United States to be affixed at Washington, this 2nd day of December, A. D. 1861.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

By the President:

WM. H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHEAST MISSOURI,Cairo, December 4, 1861.

Colonel L. F. ROSS,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Cape Girardeau, Mo.:

Your communication of yesterday is received and the following instructions are given in reply: You will require Colonel Murdoch to give over to the quartermaster all property taken by them from citizens of Missouri. Such as may be reclaimed by owners you will direct to be returned unless taken from persons directly giving aid and comfort to the enemy. When you know of depredations being committed by armed bodies of rebels within reach of you can use your own discretion about the propriety of suppressing them. I know your views about allowing troops to interpret the confiscation laws therefore no instructions are required on this point.

One thing I will add: In cases of outrageous marauding I would fully justify shooting the perpetrators down if caught in the act-I mean our own men as well as the enemy. When you are satisfied that Thompson's men are coming in with honest intentions you may swear them, but in this matter I would advise great caution. As a rule it would be better to keep them entirely out of your camp or confine them as prisoners of war. A few examples of confinement would prevent others from coming in.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 13. Saint Louis, MO., December 4, 1861.

I. Lieutenant Colonel Bernard G. Farrar is hereby appointed provost-marshal-general of this department. Captain George E. Leighton is provost-

