
you may hear of, disarm all persons who cannot give undoubted proof of loyalty and arrest and take to Kansas city all persons who have been concerted in aiding the enemy. You will take such steps as are necessary to bring to punishment all persons along your route who have violated the peace or have in any way contributed to the support or countenance of Price's army. When you reach Kansas City you will report to Major-General Hunter, commanding Department of Kansas. Please hand the inclosed letter to the commanding officer of any portion of the forces named in it.

Respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

JNO POPE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Otterville, December 29, 1861.

To the officers commanding detachments of Eighth Iowa, Seventh Missouri, light artillery, and cavalry belonging to forces in this department:

Immediately upon receipt of this order you will concentrate your forces at Kansas City where the senior officer present will assume the command. He will then proceed to Sedalia by way of Pleasant Hill and Warrensburg breaking up and dispersing all camps of rebels and armed squads, disarming every person who cannot give undoubted proof of loyalty and arresting and bringing to Sedalia all persons concerned in any way in having given aid, assistance or countenance to Price's army.

JNO POPE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, December 30, 1861.

W. F. SWITZLER, Esq., Columbia, Mo.

SIR: Your letter of the 26th is just received. Most of your suggestions have already been carried out and I think that by this time the insurgents in Boone and adjacent counties are pretty well cleaned out. My orders of the 22nd instant* will sufficiently indicate the policy I intend to pursue against these incendiaries. I hope all Union men will assist the military in bringing them to justice. I intend to make the secessionists repair this damage with their own hands and property. All I want is proof that they have aided, abetted or countenanced the operations of these rebels and they will be made to pay dearly for their whistle. Troops are moving in various directions to break up all these insurgent bands. They need hope no assistance from Price's army. It is already in full retreat hotly pursued by our cavalry. If we reach him he will be cut up and defeated. If we can't reach him he must fly from the State. His day in Missouri is passed. Until his army is broken up or driven into Arkansas I cannot spare troops to permanently station them in the different counties. All that I can possibly do in reference to that subject will be done.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

---------------

*General Orders, Numbers 32, p. 237.

---------------

16 R R-SER II, VOL I

