
I say to you to-day, you who have been a lawyer and have studied the principles of Anglo-Saxon, I dare not say American freedom, that the United States marshal with his warrant could have led all the forces in Camp Jackson before a commissioner, a judge of the United States, for examination and commitment if they had committed any offense against the laws of the United States, or to be placed under bonds to keep the peace of the Union. But no, that would not subserve the purposes of those to whom was secretly entrusted the management of affairs in Missouri. The people who were suspected of being disloyal were to be terrified into abject submission. A bad way of dealing with Americans. Remember that the President had not declared Missouri in insurrection nor commanded any insurgents to disperse. And yet militia assembled for instruction in accordance with an old law and with the Constitution and laws of Congress were taken prisoners of war when they had levied no war, and women and children fell a sacrifice.

I grant that Governor Jackson meant mischief. He was powerless; he was watched by those who knew that as soon as he reached a certain point the marshal's warrant would be laid upon him and his schemes, opposed as they were to the expressed will of the people would have been crushed. General Harney was appointed. The reign of law was restored. Harney was removed and the governor, terrified by the past, called for 50,000 men and inaugurated civil war. No; he did not inaugurate it-he accepted an issued forced upon him and declared that he was only sustaining the dignity of the State. Now permit me to say that with the great mass of the insurgents that is the sole feeling that has actuated them. I know that it was so with Price, and I think that within up to three weeks past that Price and his army would have laid down their arms upon having full assurance that the civil laws should be restored to authority and that no punishment should be inflicted for what they had done. Many of the demagogues desired to enter the Southern Confederacy but the masses were content with the Union.

I am of opinion still that terms could be made with Price which would disband his army and restore peace partially though not entirely, for marauders whose object was plunder would continue their work for some time before the reign of law could be restored. The principal feeling in the interior is against the Dutch or rather it was so in October when I was along the lines of railroads and in that section between Cole and Cooper Counties. I fear that it has gone much further now. The main strength of the insurgents has been that they could point to the action of Federal troops and officers and say that it was unconstitutional and illegal and even contrary to the rules and regulations. Men with arms in their hands violating all law could not be heard urging such reasons for their conduct. But many quiet, good citizens who saw these things could not sanction them and could not defend them and this weakened the Government. It requires either a very wise or a forgiving spirit to overlook the wrongs of those in official position and to have the patience to use only means of legal redress and to follow up offenders until redress is obtained. But that spirit has made English freedom what it is and that spirit only can preserve our American liberty. My greatest sorrow has been that I have seen so little of that spirit displayed by our people in this State and through the country.

You have studied militarpproached it from the military side. I have studied it but have viewed it from the standpoint

