
SAINT LOUIS, January 6, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK.

GENERAL: The man you mention calling himself colonel in the State militia has authority to raise a regiment. You have seen the general order prohibiting all intermeddling with home guards and reserve corps. I will send him a copy of that order and of your note and if he continues to excite disaffection in either body in the U. S. service shoot him by all means as he will deserve it as well my hands as at yours. I would like very much to see the shooting process begin and will undertake to provide you with suitable subjects (beginning with Jennison) until the service is purged from men who disgrace humanity and ruin the cause of our Government.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. R. GAMBLE.

SAINT LOUIS, January 7, 1862.

H. R. GAMBLE, Governor of Missouri.

MY DEAR GOVERNOR: I hardly know what to do with the class of persons to whom you allude in your note which is just received. Reliable gentlemen in the interior write that nearly every one of this class when released and allowed to return to their homes secretly assist in stirring uprebellion, bridge-burning, &amp;c., and are continually sending information to Price of the state of arfairs within or lines. Indeed I believe many of them retend to give themselves up for that very purpose and are nothing more or less than spies. Of course there are some honorable exceptions. I speak only of the mass. It seems to be too hard to arrest and confine all and yet it is difficult to make distictions except in cases where their loyalty is fully voched by reliable Union men.

The only feasible plan suggested is to require a stringent oath and parole of honor of all persons released with the full understanding that they would incur the penalty of death by violating it. If they refuse to take this hold tem as prisoners of war sujbect to exchange as such if an exchange should be authorized. It is proposed moreover to permit no one take this oath and receive his release unless we have very satisfactory assurances that he will keep it. If after voluntarily taking it he shall violate it then impose the penalty with rigor. A few examples would probably put a stop to its vilation.

If however you can propose anything better I shall be most happy to receive your suggestions.

I inclose a copy of the proposed oath and parole. *

Very respectfully, &c.,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

WELLSVILLE, MO., January 8, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK,

Commanding department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.

GENERAL: I find here your order+ appointing a military commission in accordance with my suggestion and also your letter of the 3d

---------------

*Not found.

+Omitted. Refers to Special Orders, No. 17, revoked in Special Orders, No. 28, of January 10, 1862, for which see p. 254.

---------------

