
MEXICO, January 9, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

I have abot forty rebel prisoners (some for bridge-burning), ten captured in battle yesterday. More will be captured to-day. Shall I send them to Saint Louis or will you send a commission to try them here? Please answer by telegraph.

J. B. HENDERSON,

Brigadier-General.

MEXICO, MO., January 10, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, Saint Louis, Mo.

GENERAL: It is represented to me by many of the most respectable citizens of this part of the State who have as they confess sympathized with the rebellion but have I think unquestionably been opposed to all such acts as bridge-burning, &amp;c., that they now desire to pledge themselves in the most solemm manner that will hereafter discharge to the fullest extent their duty as loyal citizens by discouraging all rebellious organizations and by giving information to the U. S. authorities of every movement of the kind that shall come to their knowledge provided they can be secured in their person and property from molestation by U. S. troops. It appears to me that by exercising a wise discretion in granting such assurances of protection to men of well known respectability and influence much good may be done. If you approve of this proposition I will carry it out in such cases as I am perfectly satisfied are worthy of it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,No. 28. Saint Louis, January 10, 1862.

1. The order for the military commission to meet at Wellsville by Special Orders, No. 17, on January 8, 1862, current series, from these headquarters, is herebly revoked and the following detail substitued to meet on Monday, the 13th instant at 10 a. m., or as soon thereafter as practicable for the trial of such persons as may be brought before it.

Detail for the commission: 1, Lieutenant Colonel Samuel A. Holmes, Tenth Missouri Volunteers; 2, Captain Richard Y. Lanius, Eighty-first Ohio Volunteers; 3, Captain A. C. Todd, Tenth Missouri Volunteers; 4, Surg. John O. Edwards, Third Iowa; 5, Captain Matin Armstrong, Eighty-first Ohio, who will act as judge-advocate and recorder.

The commission will sit without regard to hours.

* * * * * *

By order of Major -General Halleck:

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. NORTH MISSOURI RAILROAD, No. 10. Mexico, January 10, 1862.

It being represented by C. M. Johnson, captain of a company of rebel troops organized in Saint Charles Country, and defeated by the U. S. forces under General Prentiss near Mount Zion Church in Boone County, on the 28th of December, 1861, that the members of said

