
Resolved, That Samuel A. Maverick, Thomas J. Devine, Philip N. Luckett, and James H. Rogers be appointed commissioners to confer with General D. E. Twiggs with regard to the public arms, stores, munitions of war, &amp;c., under his control, and belonging to the United States, with power to demand in the name of the people of the State of Texas, and that said commissioners be clothed with full power to carry into effect the powers herein delegated, and retain possession of said arms, munitions, stores, &c., subject to the order of the convention of the people of the State of Texas, and report their acts and doings in the premises to the committee of public safety.

I certify the foregoing to be a true copy of the resolution adopted by the committee of public safety on the 4th day of February, 1861.

Witness my hand this 4th day of February, A. D. 1861.

JOHN C. ROBERTSON,

Chairman of Committee of Public Safety.

Attest:

THOMAS S. LUBBOCK.

JOHN A. GREEN.

AUSTIN, TEX., February 3, 1861.

[BEN. McCULLOCH:]

The committee do hereby appoint you, Ben. McCulloch, military officer, and order you to hold yourself in readiness to raise men and munitions of war whenever called on by the commissioners of San Antonio, and to be governed as directed by the secret instructions given said commissioners concerning said command; and you will station yourself at the residence of Henry E. McCulloch and await the communications of said commissioners or the committee of public safety.

J. C. ROBERTSON,

Chairman Committee of Public Safety.

COMMITTEE ROOM, Augustin, February 6, 1861.

Messers. SAMUEL A. MAVERICK, THOMAS J. DEVINE, PHILIP N. LUCKETT and JAMES H. ROGERS.

GENTLEMEN: The resolution of the committee of public safety, by which you were appointed, gives the outline of your authority and duty. You are sensible that the trust reposed is of the highest responsibility and involves the most delicate and important duties. In the discharge of that trust you will be governed by the following instructions:

First. You will repair immediately to San Antonio, the headquarters of General Twiggs, in command of this department. You will ascertain from him his sentiments in regard to the existing state of affairs and the position he intends to occupy in reference to the withdrawal of Texas from the Federal Union. If he informs you that he intends to remain in the service of the Federal Government and execute its orders against Texas no further friendly conference with him will be desirable, and you will be governed in your conduct as hereinafter instructed. But if, on the other hand, he should express a determination not to remain, in the service of the Federal Government after the 4th of March next, then-

Second. You will learn from him the terms and conditions upon which he will render up to the people of Texas the arms and public

