
command immediately after a notice to do so shall have been left at his residence. Upon the execution of his bond as above you will give him a certificate of release and a safeguard forbidding any United States or State troops from molesting him or his family in person or prosperty until the charges against him shall have been examined and disposed of.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. W. MARSH.
HEADQUARTERS NORTH MISSOURI RAILROAD,Saint Louis, Mo., January 27,[1862].

Captain LEONIDAS HORNEY,

Tenth Missoury Volunteers, Commanding Post, High Hill, Mo.

CAPTAIN: The general directs me in reply your communication of the 22nd indstant* to say that all prisoners against whom there is any evidence either of being engaged in or of aiding or abetting those who are angaged in the rebellion shall be kept and the evidence against them reduced to writing.

You will of course use the utmost diligence in ferreting out the bridge-burners and arrest if possible all who have been guilty of furnishing them with tools or arms. Your attention is particulary directed to the wealthy and influential secessionists in your vicinity against whom you may find evidence of complicity with the bridge-burners. In regard to wagons, &amp;c., you must apply to your regimental quartermaster who should have drawn sufficient for the regiment. Supplies of provisions will be furnished in accordance with General Orders, No. 6.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. S. SHELDON,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS NORTH MISSOURI RAILROAD,Saint Louis, Mo., January 30, 1862.

Captain BROADHEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Lousiana, Mo.:

As soon as you can conveniently do so I desire you to go to Mexico and take all the prisoners at that place against whom there is satisfactory evidence of bridge-burning and like crimes and the witnesses in their cases and carry them to Palmyra for trial. It may also be necessary for you to remain at Palmyra during the trial to assist in presenting the evidence. This you can determine by consulting with the judge-advocate of the commission. The commanding officer at Mexico will furnish you necessary guard for the prisoners.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, January 31, 1862.

Major General HENRY W. HALLECK.

SIR: It occurs to me that it would be judicious if practicable to dispose of bridge-burners and other persons caught in citizens' dress

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

