
war. In addition to this all property belonging to such persons and which can be used for military purposes such as horses mules harness and wagons, beef cattle, forage, &amp;c., will be seized and turned over to the provost-marshal tobe disposed of according to the orders of the commanding-general of the department.

VI. Where persons who have been in the rebel service voluntarily come forward and take and subscribe to the oath of allegiance and parole and are released on bonds all property not of a military character taken from them will be restored.

By command of Major-General Halleck:

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NORTH MISSOURI RAILROAD,Saint Louis, February 14, 1862.

Lieutenant-Colonel HOLMES,

Tenth Missouri Vols., President Mil. Com., Danville, Mo.

COLONEL: I am directe by the commanding-general to inclose to you the accompanying testimony* against Colonel Jeff. Jones, of Callaway County, for your information. Whenever you may judge that you have sufficient evidence to convict the said Jones or for other purposes shall think it best so to do you will summon him for trial before your commission and send to Fulton for such witnesses as you may think necessary. Colonel Morton will furnish whatever force may be requisite to execute your orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. S. SHELDON,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., February 15, 1862.

J. F. JONES, Esq.

SIR: I have not found time heretofore to answer your letter of the 5th instant+ and now can say but little. I have no doubt you have suffered much inconvenience from the loss of the use of your teams, &c., and I have no more doubt that all you have been or will be made to suffer will fall far short of atoning for the misery caused by you not only to Union men but to the misguided dupes who have Yielded to your baneful influence. The evil effect produced by the active influence of a man of your wealth and position can hardly be counterbalanced by the loss of a few wagons and horses. I would not, however, do any man injustice nor condemn without a fair trial even one whom I knew to be guilty. I will have your case investigated by the proper tribunal as soon as possible. Until this is done I can make no decision in the case. I should be gratified if you are found less guilty than I believe you to be.

Yours, truly,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

*Not found. See trial of Jones, p. 476, and General Orders, No. 15, Department of the Mississippi, releasing Jones after his asquittal.

+Not found.

---------------

