
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRD. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, No. 44. Saint Louis, February 20, 1862.

I. In consideration of the recent victories won by the Federal forces and of the rapidly increasing loyalty of citizens of Missouri who for a time forgot their duty to the flag and country the sentences of John C. Tompkins, William J. Forshey, John Patton, Thomas M. Smith, Stephen Stott, George H. Cunnigham, Richard B. Crowder and George M. Pulliam,* heretofore condemned to death, are provisionally mitigated to close confinement in the military prison at Alton. If rebel spies again destroy railroads and telegraph lines and thus render it necessary for us to make severe examples the original sentences against these men will be carriedinto execution.

II. No further assessments will be levied or collected from any one who will now take the prescribed oath of allegiance.

III. Boards or commissions will be appointed to examine the cases of prisoners of war who apply to take the oath of allegiance and on their recommendation orders will be issued from these headquarters for their release.

By command of Major-General Halleck:

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, February 21, 1862.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,

General-in-Chief, Washington.

GENERAL: For the events of the last two weeks I must refer you to my telegrams having had no time to write. Our successes on the Tennessee and Cumberland and in the Southwest together with the stringent measures taken here have completely crushed out the rebellion in this city and State; no more insurrections, bridge-burnings and hoisting of rebel flags.

* * * * * * *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

ALTON, ILL., February 22, 1862.

Colonel BERNARD G. FARRAR,

Provost-Marshal-General.

COLONEL: Allow me to suggest that you get General Schofield to instruct Colonel Burbank to recall the parole of Captain Sweeney, a desperado, who has committed more outrages in North Missouri than any other bandit of the whole secession horde. He is not a commissioned officer even in Price's army and his character is so well known here that all the army officers and principal citizens complaint that he should be suffered to swagger abount the streets and public places declaring that he would not observe his parole one moment longer than suits his convenience. All the secesh officers here have received new and elegant uniforms since General Hamilton paroled them. They were manufactured in Saint Louis by M. J. Murphy. They are making

---------------

*See "Trial of the Bridge Burners," etc., pp. 374 to 406, for the proceedings against these men.

---------------

