
encountered a large force of rebel cavalry fifteen miles beyond Bloomfield. They succeeded in routing them, killing 7, wounding many and taking 20 prisoners. We had 2 missing and 1 wounded. They found 5 bodies known to be Union men murdered.

W. P. KELLOGG,

Colonel, Commanding.

Colonel KELLOGG, Commanding, Cape Girardeau:

Hang one of the rebel cavalry for each Union man murdered and after this two for each. Continue to scout, capture and kill.

E. A. PAINE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

General Paine in explanation of the foregoing says that at the time he received the dispatch of Colonel Kellogg he supposed they caught the rebel cavalry in the act.

The major-general commanding takes the earliest opportunity to publish his disapproval o this order. It is countrary to the rules of civilized war, and if its spirit should be adopted the whole country would be covered with blood. Retaliation has its limits and the innocent should control.

II. Again by whom was this official correspondence furnished to the press in violation of the Army regulation and repeated general orders? The imputation must rest upon the two officer concerned until they account for the publication.

III. * * * Hereafter any officer who publishes without proper authority any information respecting the movements of our armies even of battles won, or any official papers, will be arrested and triedby a courtmartial and the Secretary of War has directed that the whole edition of the newspaper publishing such information be seized and destroyed.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Halleck:

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT NORTH MISSOURI RAILROAD,Saint Louis, Mo., February 26, 1862.

Captain HERRON,

Third Iowa Volunteers, Commanding Huntswille, Mo.

CAPTAIN: You will be guided in your treatment of prisoners by the inclosed circular. * In all cases o bad and dangerous men they will be kept and evidence sought. Soldiers from Price's army may be put under bonds if judged advisable and they have not been engaged in violations of the laws of war. Negroes will not as a general thing be regarded as property subjet to seizure, and when taken for urgent reasons the same must be immediately reported to this office.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES S. SHELDON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*No inclosure found. Probably refers to the circular of February 14, p. 263.

---------------

