HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT NORTH MISSOURI RAILROAD,Saint Louis, March 7, 1862.

Colonel HOLMES, Danville, Mo.:

(By telegraph to Florence.)

Take Sail's bond to reappear, adjourn sine die and join your regiments. The commission cannot be dissolved till its proceedings are approved. Tell Colonel Morton to turn over all prisoners to Colonel Krekel, provost-marshal at Saint Charles.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT NORTH MISSOURI RAILROAD,Saint Louis, Mo., March 11, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel A. KREKEL,

Missouri State Militia, Commanding Post Saint Charles, Mo.

COLONEL: The commanding general directs me to inform you that Colonel Jeff. Jones may be released on $10,000 bonds to await the action of Major-General Halleck in his case. The original bond executed by him at Mexico, Mo., has been lost or mislaid.

* * * * * *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES S. SHELDON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT NORTH MISSOURI RAILROAD,Saint Louis, Mo., March 12, 1862.

Captain WARRENS,

Fifth Regiment Missouri Cavalry, Warrenton, Mo.

CAPTAIN: An order has been sent you through Colonel Morsey to proceed with two companies to Troy, in Lincoln County, and occupy that place. I want you to use your utmost exertions to ferret out and bring to justice the insurgents and jayhawkers in that region. The general order a copy of which is inclosed* will be your general guide in the discharge of your duty. You will observe that a certain kind of property only is to be seized and that only from a particular class of persons; event this to be restored if the owner voluntarily gives himself up and is found to be such a one as should be released on bond and oath.

It is of the greatest importance that you prevent your men from committing depredations upon private property. The object is not so much to punish the rebels for what they have done as to prevent them from doing injury in the future. This is to be done by putting the incorrigible out of the was either by death or imprisonment and by securing the good conduct of others through the obligation of a bond and oath while many may be reclaimed by justice mingled with kindness.

It is reported that there is an extensive organization in Lincoln and adjoining counties of men who are determined to continue their insurgent operations apparently for the purpose of plunder and revenge.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

