
property under his control in Texas; or, if he should suggest to you a plan for the peaceable accomplishment of that object you are directed to adopt and observe such suggestion, if deemed by you practicable, and act in accordance with it. If, however, he should decline suggesting any plan of action you will then-

Third. Demand of him, in the name and by the authority of the sovereign people of the State of Texas, a surrender of all the arms of every description, including quartermaster's, commissary, ordnance, and medical stores, and military stores of every description, and money and everything else under his control, belonging to the Federal Government.

Fourth. Should a display of force become necessary in order to make the demand, you will direct Colonel Ben. McCulloch to call out and take the command of such force of the volunteer and minute men of the State as will be necessary for that purpose, and then repeat the demand; and then, if the demand should be complied with, you will take charge of everything turned over to you, taking a complete inventory and executing all necessary receipts. You will do everything in your power to avoid any collision with the Federal troops and to effect the peaceable accomplishment of your mission, and for this purpose he shall obey your instructions.

Fifth. If General Twiggs should indicate a desire not to turn over to you such military stores, arms, and other public property until after the 2nd of March next, but a readiness to do so then, you will then enter into an arrangement to the effect that everything under his command shall remain in statu quo until that period; that no movement, change of position, or concentration of the troops under his command will be allowed; that none of the arms, ordnance, commissary, or military stores or other property shall be removed or disposed of. If he refuses to make such arrangements you will see that no such movement, change, concentration, or removal shall take place, and you are authorized to use every means to prevent the same.

Sixth. If after conferring with General Twiggs you should be of opinion that military force is necessary you will immediately proceed to assemble the same and communicate by express to this committee. Should the property be turned over to you, you will employ all the necessary clerks and other persons to take charge of the same. You will raise a military force of volunteers or minute men to guard the same safety while it shall be controlled by you. You are instructed to take the most special care that nothing shall be wasted or destroyed, but that everything be faithfully guarded and held for the use of the State and to be accounted for. Whatever military force that shall be raised must be kept in strict subordination, and no violation of person or property of any person must, under any circumstances, be allowed.

If after your arrival at San Antonio circumstances shall occur which are not covered by the foregoing instructions you will immediately report to the committee for further orders, unless they be so urgent as not to admit of delay, in which event you must use your discretion, but immediately report your course of action. You will take all pains to ascertain the tone and temper of the officers and men of the Federal Army, and may give them the assurance of the influence of Texas in securing to them the same or higher grades in the service of the Southern Confederacy as those now held by them, if they are inclined to accept the same. Take every pains to conciliate them and attach them in sentiment to the cause of Texas and the South. You will avoid every appearance of making a proposal to General Twiggs or any other

