
also informed me that among the prisoners captured were Henry L. Routt, a lawyer of Liberty, a most notorious rebel and a very desperate man. He has been charged with instigating the arrest of ex-Governor King last fall and of Judge Birch more recently. I suppose there can be no trouble in showing him to have been very extensively and actively engaged in the rebellion. Also President Thompson, a Baptist preacher and president of the Liberty College, it is said a very bitter, violent and bad man. He is certainly a man of ability. I think they ought to be sent to Saint Louis or confined outside of the State.

I have here in jail Robert W. Donnell, president of the Branch Bank of the State of Missouri at this place; Israel Landis and William K. Richardson, citizens of this place. They have been very active aiders in the rebellion. They are confined in jail for refusing to give bond as required by General Halleck's late circular. They persistently refuse to permit their friends to give the required bail although they have voluntarily offered even insisted on doing so. They-Donnell, Landis and Richardson-believe they are advancing the cause of the rebellion (they are professing Christians) by remaining in jail. In my opinion it would be advisable to remove them without the State. In their absence I doubt not many of their adherents being relieved of their presence and influence would return to their allegaince. To-morrow two companies-viz, Captains Phelps's and Drumhiller's-will start for Liberty under command of Colonel Kimball. Captain Johnson with his company is there, and Captain Folmsbee with his company from Gallatin will be ordered there as soon as they are paid which will be in a day or two.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BEN. LOAN,

Brigadier-General, Missouri State Militia.
HEADQUARTERS MISSOURI STATE MILITIA,Saint Louis, Mo., March 21, 1862.

Brigadier General BENJAMIN LOAN,

Saint Joseph, Mo.:

* * * * * * *

In a letter received a few days ago you spoke of certain influential rebels who obstinately refuse to take the oath and give bond. Send all of that class who are sufficiently influential to do harm to Saint Louis under guard. I will provide them with a comfortable home outside the State.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

March 25, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Saint Louis:

The President orders that execution of the sentence against E. Magoffin be suspended and that the record be transmitted to this office for his consideration. Answer by telegraph.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

