HEADQUARTERS DISTICT OF NORTHWEST MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., March 25, 1862.

Brigadier General J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Missouri State Militia, Commanding, Saint Louis, Mo.

GENERAL: In pursuance of instructions contained in yours of date March 21, 1862,* I send to Saint Louis under Robert W. Donnell, Israel Landis and William K. Richardson, of this place, and Henry L. Routt and President Thompson, of Liberty. The first three are prominent secessionists here who were committed to jail some time since by the assistant provost marshal for obstinately to give the bond as required by General Halleck's late circular. Among the rebels we have had none more potent for evil than they. I suppose it is not necessary to send evidence in their cases they having been decided by the provost-marshal here. If I am in error in this I can have it forwarded.

Routt and Thompson were taken at Liberty at the time Colonel Catherwood was there after Quantrill. I do not know whether the evidence has been taken in their cases but is in not more necessary in Routt's case than it wuld bein Parsons', Rains', or perhaps General Price's should he be captured. Routt's misdeeds are almost numberless and I presume he will not pretend to deny them. President Thompson is president of the college at Liberty, a Baptist preacher. I do not know personally of his conduct but in the public estimation he has done all that it is possible for a man of his very superior abilities and asquirements and of his commanding influence could do for the cause of the rebels. If necessary I can have the evidence sent from Liberty.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BEN. LOAN,

Brigadier-General, Missouri State Militia, Commanding District.
HDQRS. General JAMES TOTTEN,Commanding District of Central Missouri.

GENERAL: The General Orders, Numbers 2+ from Major-General Halleck, dated Department of the Mississippi, March 13, 1862, has caused some stir among the guerrilla bands of this part of the country. One Mat. Houx who is a leader among them sent me a messenger to-day asking upon what terms they would be permitted to return to their homes if at all. He represents that there are as many as 300 who are willing to submit upon reasonable terms. He also intimates that in case they are to be treated as outlaws they will ruin the country, burning houses and murdering loyal men. These men are not in a body but scattered in squads of ten or fifteen. We have not a sufficient force at this place to prevent the execution of the threatour whole force being about sixty.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

EMORY S. FOSTER,

Major, Recruiting Missouri State Militia.

---------------

*Omitted.

+See p. 270.

---------------

18 R R-SER II, VOL I

