
ATTORNEY-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, April 10, 1862.

JAMES O. BROADHEAD, Esq.,

U. S. Attorny Eastern Distrit of Missouri, Saint Louis.

SIR: In answer to your letter of April 4 received yesterday it does not seem politic for me to give you at this critical moment when great changes are being made in our military and political relations with the revolted States any minute and particular instructions touching the prosecutions for treason and for conspiracy now pending in the U. S. circuit court at Saint Louis. Much must be left to your own wise discretion. A few points however may be properly stated, and first Governor Gamble's amnesty must be respected and made effectual. Besides that it is right in itself. I understand that the President is personally pledged to it. Second, it is not desirable to try many treason cases nor any one in which you have not a great probability of success. Better enter a nolle prosequit than be beaten. And in view of the great changes now taking place I am in no hurry to press the trial indictments for treason. After a few more military successes we may see the way of prudence more clearly. As to minor offenses such as conspiracy, plunder of public property, obstruction of the mails and the like you must judge for yourself.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD BATES.

P. S. - While writing the above your other letter of April 4* touching the case of Henry L. Routt was handed me. Does not that case fall within Governor Gamble's amnesty? My first impression is that it is a proper case for pardon but as I have barely read your letter and that of Mr. Samuel's I must take a little time to consider. If my final conclusion concurs with my first thought it will cause the pardon to be issued very soon.

EDWD. BATES.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Jefferson City, Mo., April 10, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. BLOOD,

Commanding, Tipton, Mo.

COLONEL: It is represented that you have in confinement at your post one Dr. Sydney Robinson, a citizen living in the vicinity of Versailles, Morgan County. It is repreented that a Lieutenant Walldorf, Company I, Sixth Missouri Volunteers, caused the arrest of the said Doctor Robinson; that at the time of the arrest of Doctor Robinson Lieutenant Walldorf caused and permitted a rope to be adjusted around the said doctor's neck and made preparations for hanging him. Upon the doctor's objection to this outrageous and unauthorized treatment and refusing to take the oath of allegiance under such circumstances he threatened to send Doctor Robinson to Cairo but finally caused him to be conducted to your post.

It is also represented that other persons were maltreated by the party under command of Lieutenant Walldorf in the vicinity of Versailles, viz N. Jetter, M. Robinson and one Johnson, one of whom was twice suspended by the neck until senseless. It is further represented that Doctor Robinson at the time he was arrested was on a visit to Versailles to a sick grandchild and quietly performing his legitimate occupation.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

