
It is represented that Doctor Robinson has never taken up arms against or given aid comfort to the enemies of the Government but that he is imply a szmpathizer with the Southern element; that he has prevented, however, his son from joining the rebel army and that he has at various times turned his house into a temporary hospital for the benefit of Union soldiers, and in one instance one of these dying under his roof he had him decently buried at his own expense.

If these representations be correct as above set forth Lieutenant Walldorf and his party deserve the severest punishment for their outrageous disregrad of law, order and discipline. Lieutenant Walldorf has violated the orders of General Halleck published at various times for the regulation of arrests and he must answer for his disregard of these orders. You will therefore call upon the said officer for an explicit statement and full report in the cases above cited; you will also investigate the matter yourself with all the scrutiny essential to such an important case, and if you find Lieutenant Walldorf and the members of his party have been guilty of the conduct set forth against them and have acted unauthorizedly without orders from yourself you will arrest and prefer charges against all concerned in the affair and transmit a full report of the matter in this case along with said charges to these headquarters.

If there are no charges which can be substantiated against Doctor Robinson of his having openly taken up arms against the Government of the United States or of his having aided and abetted treason you will require him to take the oath of allegiance to the United States and give bond for his future loyal good conduct to the amount of $1,000 after which you will release him and allow him to return to his home without any further molestation.

You are requested to make a report immediately upon this affair.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LUCIEN J. BARNES,

Caant Adutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Tipton, Mo., April 10, 1862.

Captain LUCIEN J. BARNES, Assistant Adjutant-General:

F. A. Walldorf, acting lieutenant, has submitted to me a statement of which the following is o copy:

Yours was duly receive, and in regard to the hanging match I have to say that it was done at Captain Rice's suggestion and approval and that the statements of my guides led me to conclude that Mr. Sidny Robinson was actually connected with a gang of jayhawkers who were traced from his house. Further I would remark that when I said he should not be hanged if he could find one man to speak in his favor as a just, hones, good Union man all (with one exception, one who was arrested by Captain Rice as a spy) testified that they knew no good of him. The second person (a boy) did acknowledge being connected with said jayhawkers and described the horses. Mrs. Crook I am unformed had been harboring a secesh recruiting officer and recruits and the appearance of the house led me to think it was so. No white person was about the honse and the negroes said they left when the troops came in town. Upstairs all the carpets seemed tobe brought up and used as beds with blankets, quilts, &amp;c., and on the lower floors no carpets were used. Mike Chism was said to have boarded a part of the men and he was a near neighbor. Also the house contained ten or twelve empty canisters of the kind known as powder canisters.

Yours, very respectfully,

F. W. WALLDORF,

[Acting] Lieutenant, Sixth Missouri Infantry.

J. H. BLOOD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

