HEADQUARTERS MISSOURI STATE MILITAI,Saint Louis, Mo., April 12, 1862.

Colonel ARNOLD KREKEL, Saint Charles, Mo.:

I am directed by the commanding general to instruct you to forward under guard to this city the prisoner sentenced by the military commission which convened at Danville and ordered by Major-General Halleck in General Orders, No. 15, dated headquarters Department of the Mississippi, Saint Louis, April 3, 1862, to be confined in the military prison at Alton. The officer in command of the guard will report to these headquarters for further orders. Send them by the morning train. Inclosed find official copy of General Orders, No. 15.

Respectfully,

[C. W. MARSH,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Tipton, Mo., April 12, 1862.

Captain LUCIEN J. BARNES, Assistant Adjutant-General:

For some time previous to the 20th of March daily complaints came to headquarters of outrages committed upon Union citizens living in and around Versailles most of which could be traced to a band of some fifteen or twenty jayhawkeers. These were all perpetrated during the night time. Those taking the most active part in these matters were disguised in some manner, as with false whiskers, slouched hats, army overcoats, &amp;c., which led to the conclusion that they were citizens of that part of the country. On the evening of March 22 they fell upon two Federal soldiers and stripped them completely of all their clothes.

Becoming so bold I determined to find them out and bring them to justice. With this intention I secretly fitted out an expedition to start from here late in the day in wagons and arrive late in the evening at an appointed place in the infested neighborhood. I had selected good men for the purpose and had prepared full instructions. The evening of the 24th of March was the one selected for putting in execution the plan. The orders for the Moniteau County expedition and the substitution of Company D for Company H at this post entirely disarranged the arrangement. The result was Acting Lieutenant Walldorf and men of Company D were sent by Captain Van Deusen instead of those I had selected.

I deem this preliminary statement necessary, first, to show the necessity of the expedition; second, to show how it was that Walldorf came to go in command. From all the evidence I can obtain relating to the trip I submit the following summary-leaving you to decide upon the merits whether those concerned shall be held to answer in the manner referred to by you in your note ordering an investigation: I have examined numerous persons in regard to the affarirs in question and their testimony is all to the same effect in regard to the hanging. Acting Lieutenant Walldorf requested three of the State militia, two citizens, and Edward Tigh, of Company I, Sixth Missouri Volunteers, to act as jury upon the case, believing as they did that he (Robinson) was connected with the band of jayhawkers whom they supposed they had traced from his house by numerous horse tracks leading therefrom. Mr. William V. Parks, a man well known as a reliable person (one of the citizens), acted as foreman. The decision of this jury was that

