
officer under his command which would wound a soldier's pride and honor. They should, however, be reminded that they have been stationed in Texas for the protection and not the subjugation of her people, and that patriotism is incompatible with warring against the liberties of their fellow-citizens.

You are specially charged, in the performance of the service assigned you, that you will do nothing that will conflict with the powers herein conferred. You will, from time to time, make full and complete reports to this committee.

J. C. ROBERTSON,

Chairman Committee of Public Safety.

SAN ANTONIO, February 8, 1861.

J. C. ROBERTSON, Esq.,

Chairman Committee of Public Safety:

the undersigned, in accordance with their instructions, called on General D. E. Twiggs, and by his request met him at 2 o'clock this afternoon, and in presence of Major Nichols we stated our mission and presented our credentials (which General Twiggs did not ask or evince the slightest desire to have read to him, or even to look at), and carried out our interview in accordance with the letter and spirit of our instructions as nearly as practicable.

General Twiggs expressed himself strongly in favor of Southern rights, and caused copies of his letters to the War Department to be read to the committee, in which he asserts that he will not be instrumental in bringing on civil war, and a great deal more in that line, which may mean something or nothing, according to circumstances, and he very significantly asserted that we had not seceded. He expressed a willingness to keep everything under his command as it now is until the 2nd of March next, and would give us information if he should be superseded; and in the event of the State being in favor of secession would, on demand made by the convention, deliver all up, but expressed a fixed determination to march the troops under his command out with all their arms, transportation facilities, and extra clothing to be delivered to them, &amp;c.

The undersigned, after considerable conversation on the subject of their mission, retired for consultation, and being desirous of avoiding, if possible, the necessity for collecting a force around the city for the purpose of compelling a delivery, Mr. Maverick was deputed to obtain from the general a statement in writing of what he was willing to do, in the hope that it would, under our instructions, be admissible. Upon ascertaining this fact we determined to send an express without delay to Colonel Ben. McCulloch to bring as large a force as he may deem necessary, and as soon as possible, to San Antonio.

The substancggs' conversation, or verbal offer was this: That he will hold things as they are, and will, if in command on the 2nd of March next, deliver to commissioners all the public property that is not desirable or convenient for him to carry away on or after that time. He professed great admiration for the manhood, soldiership, and patriotism of General Scott, and is evidently inclined to imitate him in the present crisis in many respects. He is, no doubt, a good Southern man as far as hatred to black Republicanism can make a man such. There is, however, a higher element than hatred.

