
although justicerequired immediate hanging mercy should hold him for a less prompt retribution. Tis true a rope was adjusted around his neck but he was not harmed at all.

Up to this point after his arrest he had been very a busive, using expressions like the following: "All your devilish artillery can't make me take an oath to support such a Constitution as you are fighting for," and "all the devils in hell combined with all the military power of the United States could never make a Union man of me. " There were some fifteen citizens gathered and none of them would say a word in his behalf when called upon to do so and all the testimony of his neighbors and the Union men of Morgan Cjounty goes to show that they believe him deserving of the most extreme penlty of the law, and I may add the women got up a petition praying that he be kept during the war at least. All these circumstances combined with his statement to Mr. Parks that he would arm his negroes and had bought revolvers for every member of his family justly led Walldorf to believe him capable of being a leader in this system of jayhawking.

All the union citizens I have seen uphold him (Walldorf) in his course and say, "He is juheir country. " The representations made to you are if I am any judge in the matter widely apart from the facts. He has often been seen "packing arms. " He has by his own confession given comfort to enemies of the Government. He not only did not prevent his son joining the rebel army but furnished him a horse to go with and if Union soldiers have occupied his house as a hospital nobody I can find knows of it.

Regarding his giving up the house of Mrs. Crook to plunder I have collected the following facts: He was directed there by some citizen with the idea that a recruiting officer stopped there; arriving none but negroes could be found who on being questioned separately said that they had gove when the soldiers first came into the neighborhood and that there were sixteen of them. Other testimony goes to show that a large squad were there the day before. These circumstances and the appearance of the house inside were conclusive evidence that Mrs. Crook had been harboring the enemy to an alarming extent and decided Walldorf to give the house up for pillage. A son of Mrs. Crook lately from Price's army was also known to have been there. (Mrs. Crook has recovered many of her tihings.)

The above statemnet contains the facts I have been able to collect regarding the questionable conduct of Acting Lieutenant Walldorf. The discrepancies between the information furnished you and the facts as they exist have decided me to forward this statement and await your further orders before preferring the charges called for by yours of the 10th instant.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. BLOOD,

Lieutenant-Colonel Sixth Missouri Volunteers, Commanding Post.

P. S. - I omitted to state that the other person who was hung most (a person by the name of Chittenden) confessed his complicity with the gang, told five names connected with it and said there were ten or twelve others; also descibed some of the horses they had stolen and said the gang left that morning and would camp that night on Buffalo Creek twenty miles distant. News has just come of the apprehension of some of the gang at Warsaw, one John McCloud riding a horse stolen from the Mr. Parks referred to above among them.

J. H. B.

