
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. WESTERN DEPARTMENT, No. 12. Saint Louis, Mo., September 16, 1861.

I. Before the military commission which convened at the Saint Louis

Arsenal on the 5th instant, pursuant to Special Orders, No. 118, current series, from these headquarters, was tried-

Joseph Aubuchon.

CHARGE: Treason against the Government of the United States.

Specifications. -In this, that Joseph Aubuchon, of the town of Ironton, Iron County, State of Missouri, did assume an attitude of open rebellion against the Fedral Government by taking up arms against the same, by assuming and exercising the functions and office of lieutenant in the rebel army within the limits proper of the State of Missouri from and after about the 20th day of August, 1861.

FINDING AND SENTENCE: The commission find the prisoner as follows:

Of the specification, guilty, except the words "By taking up arms against the same, by assuming and exercing the functions and office of lieutenant in the rebel army. "

Of the charge, guilty.

And does therefore sentence him, Joseph Aubuchon, "To be confined at hard labor during the existing war and to have his property confiscated. "

II. The proceedings, findings and sentence of the commission are approved.

On the recommendation of the members of the commission and in consideration of the fact the offense charged occurred previous to the proclamation of the commanding general of the department the sentence against Joseph Aubuchon is remitted. Hi will be released from confinement and permitted to return to his home.

By order of Major-General Fremont:

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, No. 2. Ironton, Mo., September 24, 1861.

Before the military commission which convened at Ironton, Mo., September 21, 1861, was tried-

William Perry.

CHARGE: Treason against the United States Government.

The commission in the case of William Perry find him guilty of treason and sentence him to hard labor during the war, and all his real estate and personal property (if any there be) is hereby confiscated and declared the property of the United States.

II. The proceedings and finding of the commission in the case of William Perry are approved. Colonel Hovey, Thirty-third Illinois Volunteers, will see that the prisoners is kept at work on the fort at Ironton and that he is kept in charge of the guard when not at work. The commanding officer at Potosi will seize all personal property that may belong to said William Perry and forward it to the quartermaster at this post who will accountfor it to the United States and use it for the public service. The commanding officer at Potosi will also report if William Perry owns any real estate in or near Potosi.

By order of Colonel Carlin, commanding post:

A. L. BAILHACHE,Adjutant.

