SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, No. 10. Ironjton, Mo., September 29, 1861.

Before the military commission convened at the Pilot Knob House on the 29th instant was tried-

William Hildebrand.

CHARGE: Treason against the United States Government.

The commission find the accued guilty of treason against the United States Government and do sentence him to hard labor during the existing war between the United States and the revolting States.

II. Before the same military commission was tried-

Thomas M. Cooper.

CHARGE: Treason against the United States Government.

The commission find Thomas M. Cooper guilty of treason against the United States Government and do sentence him to hard labor during the existing war between the United States and the revolting States.

III. Before the sami military commission was tried-

George W. Higginbotham.

CHARGE: Treason against the United States Government.

The commission find the charges against George W. Higginbotham not

sustained and recommend that he be immediately discharged from confinement, and further ask that the commander of the post issue an order forbidding the arrest of persons without evidence of their guilt.

IV. Proceedings and findings of the military commission in the foregoing cases are approved. The sentences in the case of Wiliam Hildebrand and Thomas M. Cooper will be caried into effect by Colonel J. W. S. Alexander, who will see that they work on the fort at Ironton in charge of a guard. George W. Higgibotham is released from arrest.

The commanding officer is reluctantlu compelled to disapprove of the manner in which Mr. Higginbotham was arreste. While approving the zeal which dictated his arrest he most positively prohibits any deception by which people may be inveigled into an expression of their sympathies against the United States.

By order of W. P. Carlin colonel commanding post:

A. L. BAILHACHE,Adjutant.

Trial of William Hearst, accused of bridge-burning.

Proceedings of a military commission held at Saint Louis, Mo., by virtue of the following order:
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, No. 81. Saint Louis, December 21, 1861.

* * * * * * *

IV. A military commission is hereby appointed to meet in this city on Monday, the 23rd instant, at 10 a. m., or as soon thereafter as practicable, for the trial of such persons as may be broght before it.

Detail for the commission: Brigadier General S. D. Sturgis, U. S. Army; Colonel R. D. Cutts, of the staff; Lieutenant Colonel John Scott, Third Iowa Volunteers; Major E. W. Chamberlain, First Iowa Cavalry; Captain T. W. Sweeny, Second Infantry, U. S. Army. Colonel R. D. Cutts will act as judge-advocate and recorder.

By order of Major-General Halleck:

J. C. KELTON,Assistant Adjutant-General.

