
WILLIAM BLACKWELL, a witness for the prosecution, recalled.

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Was Big River bridge the day before or some time previous to its being burned within the lines of the U. S. forces?

Answer. Yes; there were U. S. troops to the southward of bridge.

Evidence read to witness by judge-advocate and he was dismissed.

The accused represented to the commission that an important witness in his behalf was not in the city of Saint Louis, but would be here in two days; and having satisfied the commission that the evidence expected from said witness was necessary for his proper defense the case was postponed to Monday, January 13, at 10 a. m.

The commission then adjourned to meet to-morrow, Saturday, January 11, at 10 a. m.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., January 11, 1862-10 a. m.

The commission met pursuant to adjournment, all the members present.

The absence of Captain T. W. Sweeny, Second Infantry, U. S. Army, on yesterday was due to the fact as stated by him that he presented himself to the sentinels on Gratiot street, the route usually taken by members of the commission to their office, for the purpose of proceeding to the said office and to the performance of his duties when he was stopped by the sentinels; and when he informed them that he was a member o the military commission they still refused to let him pass and he therefore turned back.

There being no business before the commission it adjourned to meet on Monday, January 13, 1862, at 10 a. m.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., January 13, 1862-10 a. m.

The commission met pursuant to adjournment, all the members present.

The accused, William Hearst, also present.

The proceedings of January 10 and 11 were read over to the commission by the judge-advocate.

THOMAS E. MOTHERSHEAD, a witness for the defense, was duly sworn.

By the ACCUSED:

Question. State your name, residence, and occupation.

Answer. Thomas E. Mothershead; live within eight miles of Hillsborough, western part of Jefferson County, Mo., a farmer.

Question. Do you know me, and how long have you known me?

Answer. We were boys raised together, and I am thirty-two years old. We lived within one and a half miles of each other until we were married.

Question. Have you any knowledge of my enlistment as a soldier in the army of Jeff. Thompson, and if so, when and where did the enlistment occur?

Answer. I have some knowledge of it. I was in Bloomfield, Stoddard County, Mo., and went down to the camp of Colonel Lowe's regiment, in Jeff. Thompson's

19 R R-SER II, VOL I

