
witness Wilson are untrue. He was present at the burning of the bridge and was as active as any of the men of Thompson, and as much rejoiced at our success. A confrere ad associate of the leading secessionists in Jefferson County before that time, his hesitancy and refusal to answer as to his membership of the order of Knights of the Golden Circle must be satisfactory to the court of his complicity with the schemes of the rebellion and the wicked purposes of his statements. The evidence shows how I returned to my home as soon as I found that I could do so and as soon as it was shown to my understandinhad been duped.

The proof shows that I returned and offered to comply with the provisions of the ordinance of the Missouri State convention to obtain the amnesty there offered. This I was prevented from doing by my arrest and imprisonment. I did hesitate to go voluntarily and surrender myself; I knew the fearful punishment which the members of the order of the knights of the Golden Circle were sworn to visit upon a deserter from the rebel army and I therefore requested Mr. Bates and sent for Colonel Lawson to send and have me arrested.

In good faith I laid down my arms, relying upon the amnesty promised by the convention and which I am informed the President of the United States has recognized and agreed to respect. I have been humbugged into the folly and crime of rebellion. I saw the deception practiced upon me, and felt the folly and crime I had been guilty of. I sought to return to my allegiance. I was assured of safety in so doing. I would not have been taken had I not desired it. The proof shows this. My hands bear no stains of blood. I was never in a battle. All that I did was in a reglar manner of regular warfare. If I am not permitted to return to my allegiance under the provisions of the ordinance of the convention I am still entitled to the treatment of a prisoner of war. This I do not desire as I do not wish to be exchanged. I submit my fate to this commission. If the punishment I have endured be not sufficient for unintentional crime I have been guilty of toward my county I am willing to endure more. What I may not ask of the justice of the commission I may entreat of its mercy that I may be permitted to return to my allegiance my home and my family, and by future loyalty and devotion to the Constition und Union of the United States endeavor to atone for the error of the past.

WILLIAM HEARST.

The finding and sentence are approved; but in consideration of the recommendation of the members of the commission, on account of the general ignorance and stupidity of the prisoner theigated to confinement in the military prison during the war.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

Trial of Colonel Ebenezer Majoffin, accused of murder and violation of parole.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., February 6, 1862-10 a. m.

The commission* met pursuant to adjournment.

Present as follows: Brigadier General Davis S. Stanley, U. S. Army; Colonel R. D. Cutts, of the staff; Lieutenant Colonel John Scott, Third Iowa Volunteers.

---------------

*Constituted by Special Orders, Numbers 81, p. 284. Brigadier General D. S. Staley, U. S. Army, relieved Brigadier General S. D. Sturgis. U. S. Army, on this commission in pursuance of Special Orders, No. 59, January 20, 1862, omitted.

---------------

