
Question. Had you ever seen the last safeguard sent by you to the accused from the time you sent it up to the period when it was shown to you yesterday by the judge-advocate?

Answer. I saw it with a letter that was directed to Colonel hughes in which the safeguard was inclosed when returned.

Question. In whose hands were the safeguard and letter when shown to you, and when and where?

Answer. In the hands of Colonel Steele at Sedalia, about December 23, 1861.

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. How far and in what directions is the house of the accused from Milford where he was taken prisoner?

Answer. I should think about fifteen miles, and the direction about northeast.

Question. Will you state whether within your knowledge there was any application direct or indirect on the part of those speaking for the accused or in his name to obtain for him a safeguard on giving his parole.

Answer. There was a direct application at Sedalia and at his residence. I do not know whether it authorized by the accused or not.

Question. Was there no hostility toward the accused on the part of the intelliget loyal home guards, or was not that hostility general among all loyal citizens and soldiers?

Answer. There seemed to be a marked personal interest and friendship on the part of the intelligent loyal citizens and home guards for the accused, but strongly condemned his course in connecting himself with the enemies of the Government.

Question. Do you know or have you reason to believe that the hostility of the loyal home guards or of any other soldier or citizen would lead them to rob or maltreat the accused whether he had or had not a safeguard?

Answer. I have no reason to believe that they would. I never heard him threatened by any body or person.

Question. Do you know of your own knowledge that the accused was a colonel in the service of General Price or of the Confederate States, or only from hearsay?

Answer. Only from hearsay. I do not know of my own personal knowledge.

Question. State the date when the treaty was made with the committee of seven gentlemen and whether or not the accused informed you that he was a private gentlemant or an officer in the service of General Price, or of the Confederate States.

Answer. On or about the 14th of August, 1861. I had no conversation with the accused at the meeting of the committee referred to. Major James B. Harris was the organ of the committee; and through him and in the presence of the entire committee I learned that the parties in the camp referred to did not wish to be considered in any light than private citizens.

Question. Had you any conversation with the accused about August 14, 1861, in reference to his beng a private gentleman and not an officer in arms against the United States?

Answer. I did not.

By the COMMISSION:

Question. In your interview with the accused was there anything said concerning the accused returning the safeguard should he change his intention of remaining at home?

Answer. There was not.

