
Colonel Brown returned to me and I related the same circumstances to General Steele that I had to Colonel Brown. General Steele's reply to me was that if I could communicate with Mr. Magoffin and find out if Mr. Magoffin would consent to an interview with him that he would give him a safe conduct in and a safe conduct out if they did not come toterms. I returned from Sedlia through Georgetown, reuquested Mr. Ira Barnes to go to Mr. Hutchison, the father-in-law of Mr. Magoffin, and for him (Ira Barnes) and Mr. Hutchison to meet me at my house as soon as they could, which they did about 3 o'clock in the afternoon. I related to them the interview between General Steele, Colonel Brown and myself and requested Mr. Hutchison if he could communicate with Mr. Magoffin that I believed that General Steele would grant him terms to return to his wife that would be perfectly satisfactory to himself. Mr. Hutchison told me that he could and that he would and let me know during that night. About 1 or 2 o'clock that night Mr. Hutchison came to my house and told me that Mr. Magoffin had consented to and interview with General Steele. I suggested that Mr. Magoffin should come to my house before daylight and that I would report the designated place of meeting as being at mu house. Mr. Magoffin arrived at my house before daylight that morning. On that morning about daylight I started back to Sedalia to communicate with General Steele. After I told him that Mr. Magoffin was desirous of said interview General Steele then remarked to me that he would have to telegraph to General Halleck to know if he could give him a parole without taking the oath. I had told him that Mr. Magoffin would not take the oath; had not told him so that morning but previously. I waited at Sedalia during that entire day with a great deal of impatience, and I suppose it was about sundown when I called upon General Steele for the last time. He told me that he had not received any satisfactory answer to his dispatches. He had forwarded several that day so he told me. I urged upon him the necessity that if anything was done it must be done immediately. General Steele went into his office and handed me a piece of paper which he told me would give Mr. Magoffin the privilege of going home and of being protected. I did not read the paper. I immediately asked Colonel Brown to accompany me to my house which he readily consented to do. I then told General Steele that Colonel Brown was going with me. General orized Colonel Brown to give Mr. Magoffin a parole or safe conduct or whatever it was, and which time I handed back to General Steele that paper he ad previously handed me. Colonel Brown and myself immediately ordered Colonel Brown's buggy and went immediately out to my house at which place we found Mr. Magoffin. I took Colonel Brown up to the room in which Mr. Magoffin was and I immediately withdrew, staying away from the room as long as I believed it was necessary for them to come to an undestanding. I then returned to the room, anxious that Mr. Magoffin should be at home as soon as possible with his wife; but they had not touched upon the question at all. As soon as I discovered that I started to withdraw again and Colonel Brown called me back. Colonel Brown then addressed Mr. Magoffin and asked him what it was he desired- that is as well as I can recollect. Mr. Magoffin replied he wished the privilege to go to the sick-bed of his wife in safety. Colonel Brown asked him for what length of time he desired to remain at home as well as I can recollect. Mr. Magoffin replied ten or twenty days; that within that time the condition of his wife would be terminated one way or the other. Colonel Brown replied that he should be privileged to do so. I suggested myself right then the point to Mr. Magoffin to take a perpetual parole or conduct or whatever you may call it- (upon explanation) I mean a safeguard. Mr. Magoffin replied that he was not in a condition of mind to determine upon that matter, and asked if he could have that privilege within the time of determining whether he would make it perpetual or not. Colonel Brown promptly responded yes. Iimmediately suggested that I did not wish to lose any time and told Mr. Magoffin to get ready and we would take him over to his house, which we did between the hours of 10 and 1 o'clock at night of the 10th. After we reached Mr. Magoffin's house we found Mrs. Magoffin in a dying condition. Mr. Magoffin was at her bedside. Colonel Brown and myself were not disposed to disturb him. Colonel Brown called for pen, ink and paper and wrote the safeguard without Mr. Magoffin's knowledge. The safeguard was a promise of protection of person and I believe property to Mr. Magoffin until the 20th of the month. After Colonel Brown and myself had remained there an hour or more he (Colonel Brown) handed me the safeguard and I handed it to Mrs. Isaac Hutchison, Mr. Magoffin's sister-in-law. I told her of the importance of the paper and at a proper time for her to hand it to Mr. Magoffin; and shortly afterward we left and went to my house arriving there some time between 1 and 4 o'clock in the morning. I do not know whether Mr. Magoffin ever saw the paper or not; but I took it for granted that he had. This occurred on Monday night, the 9th of December, but I don't know whether it was before or after 12 o'clock at night, Colonel Brown and myself arrived at my house about 10 or 10. 30 p. m. ; remained there not less than one hour and then started for Mr. Magoffin's house, distant about three or three and a quarter miles. We were in a two-horse buggy; suppose it took

