
us a half an hour to travel the distance. Can't tell exactly how long I was in the house before the safeguard was written. On the Saturday afterward (December 14) I received a verbal message from Mr. Magoffin desiring to see me and on that evening I rode out to his house. I was then at Sedalia. I saw Mr. Magoffin out at his hog-pen in company with Mr. Hardin. After I had been there some little time Mr. Magoffin told me that he desired permission to accept of his perpetual parole or safeguard or whatever else it was, - for he and I considered it a continuation of the same that he had already received, - and asked me if I would obtain it for him. He told me that he did not consider himself safe in his present position ; that troops had passed through his place that day and had killed a number of his hogs. I told him that I could get it for him. I returned to Sedalia that evening and reported to Colonel Brown and General Steele what Mr. Magoffin desired. The next morning quite early Colonel Brown handed me the perpetual parole, safeguard or whatever you may call it just on the eve of starting upon the Milford espedition. After they had started I made an effort to get a pass for myself from the provost-marshal which was refused me on the ground that orders had been issued that no person should be permitted to pas out of the lines. I then made a second application and told him that my business was with Mr. Magoffin, stating its character. He then ordered a guard to take me through the lines. I went directly to my own house, took tea and afterward rode over to Mr. Magoffin's. Mr. Magoffin was sent for and I told him that I had his parole, safeguard or whatever it may be and I showed it to him, and he asked me to read it and I did so. He and I discussed the conditions that were imposed upon him by that. He asked me the question that if any of his relations or friends that had been engaged in Price's army were to come to his house about mealtime could he allow them to eat. My reply was, "Do as I would do under just such circumstances-give them their dinner," tell them he had given his parole and he would not be troubled with them any farther. After talking in general terms we separated and I went home leaving the paper with him.

The hour of 3 o'clock having arrived, the commission adjourned until to-morrow, Saturday, February 8, 1862, at 10 a. m.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., February 8, 1862 - 10 a. m.

The commission met pursuant to adjournment, all the members preent except Lieutenant-Colonel Fischer.

The accused, Ebenezer Magoffin, also present.

The proceedings of yesterday were being read by the judge-advocate when by assent of the commission and the accused the further reading was dispensed with.

The examination of the witness, JAMES R. HUGHES, was resumed.

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Would you recognize the paper you allude to were you to see it?

Answer. I think I should.

Question. It this the paper? (Showing the witness the paper marked B attached to these proceedings.)

Answer, Yes, sir; this is it.

Question. Did you or did you not have any conversation with or make any application to Colonel Steele or other officer of the United States in regard to giving a permit to the accused to visit his family or to stay at home before the 9th day of December, 1861? and if so state the character of the application.

Answer. I did not to General Steele in person but idd have the conversation with and did make the application to Colonel Brown. I told Colonel Brown several days before the 9th that Mrs. Magoffin had requested me to see the authorieties there at Sedalia if he could not return home and remain there in quiet and safety.

