
Question. In what direction and at whom was the gun fired?

Answer. It was right toward the drug store. He was shot-well, it was about fifteen stept off there-well, six or eight; I don't recollect.

Question. How was the man dressed whom you say the accused shoot?

Answer. Well, he looked like he was an officer. I don't know him; he was a United States man anyhow.

Question. How was the accused dressed?

Answer. Well, he had on a broad hat-a wool hat I believe-and an old shotgun; I don't know whether it was old or not, it looked old. His clthes were on the ordinary order you know; just as if he was at home you know; I dont's know but what he was. He was on the plain order.

Question. Did you hear the report of the gun?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Did you hear any additional report or reports of guns?

Answer. No, sir; only but one as I have any idea.

Question. Did you see the gun pointed in the direction of anyone? and if so state at whom.

Answer. Yes, sir; this 'ere man. I don't know any of them, only when I see 'em out you know; that is all I know.

Question. Did you see the accused and recognize him as the man who shot after the shooting on that day?

Answer. Yes, sir; I saw him afterward and he was the same man who shot.

Question. Did you see the man who was shot fall, and was he on foot or on horseback?

Answer. Yes, sir; he was on his horse when he was shot; he war right opposite the drug store. Yes, I did see him fall from his horse.

Question. Do you know the name of that man?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. Did you see him after he was shot? and if so say what you saw.

Answer. I say him when he was dying.

Question. Did you see him after his death?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. State the date when this transaction occurred?

Answer. I don't know that; it was some time in the fall but I don't know the day.

Question. Describe the dress of the man who was shot?

Answer. He was very something on the order of the man there (pointing to an officer present and a member of the commission). Well, he was dressed in uniform you know.

By the ACCUSED:

Question. You say you are a merchant; what kind of a merchant? Have you ever been engaged in any other kind of business? If aye what business?

Answer. I opened a dry goods store in old Kentucky; well, I did not open any out here. Not been engaged in any other business; just been at home at the time.

Question. What is your present business?

Answer. Well, I won a small farm is all.

