
The committee do not desire to dishonor the Army be requiring anything of them which would seem to do so. If you have to resort to force (actual), and are successful, then we suppose of course they would be vanquished and submit to your terms; but if you treat with them as gentlemen, as equals, of course we would ing dishonorable to be yielded by them. But this is mere speculation on my part. The instructions, we think, will meet with your views; if not, you have a large discretion.

As to whether they should be permitted to go out into Arizona and New Mexico, the committee have very wisely left that matter discretionary with you. It is the opinion, however, of some of the committee that it can make but little difference in which direction they leave the country. It is suggested that they might land below the mouth of the Rio Grande and travel up into Arizona and New Mexico; beside, if it is the policy of the United States of the North to concentrate a force in those Territories, we could not prevent it by requiring these to go by way of the coast. It is a matter of some importance to know how they could subsist in those Territories at this time. The productions of those Territories could not subsist them a week without ruin to the few who are there. Many of the committee do not think General Twiggs would be so recklessly regardless of his native South as to inaugurate a guerrilla warfare upon her border.

But, gentlemen, you are in the midst of the circumstances, and can best judge of what to do. Relying upon your wisdom and prudence, we leave it with you. We will start to-day for Galveston, where we hope to get some money, and if successful we will promptly express a part to you. In behalf of the committee I assure you of our sincere desire for your success in your patriotic enterprise, and of our personal regard for each of you.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. ROBERTSON,

Chairman Committee of Public Safety.

SAN ANTONIO, February 18, 1861.

Honorable J. C. ROBERTSON,

Chairman of Committee of Public Safety.

SIR: We have at last completed the principal part of the business confided to our management. In our communication of the 8th instant we informed you that we had called in the aid of the volunteer force under Colonel Ben. McCulloch. He arrived on the Salado, five miles from this city, on the evening or night of the 16th instant, with about 500 men, and marched into town about 4 a. m. with about one-half of his force, when he was joined by about 150 K. G. C. 's, and about the same number of citizens who were not members of the order, and about the same number from the Medina, Atascosa, and the country west of this city. At 5 o'clock the men were in positions around the arsenal, the ordnance, the Alamo, and the quarters in the commissary buildings occupied by one company of the Federal troops, and at the same time the tops of the buildings commanding the arsenal and ordnance ground were occupied.

We, in accordance with our instructions, repeated the demand, and after considerable delay came to an arrangement with General Twiggs, the substance of which was that the U. S. troops in San Antonio, 160 in number, should surrender up the position held by them, and that all

