
By the ACCUSED:

Question. You spoke of a search of the person of the accused by you at Sedalia after you had delivered him over by order of your commanding officer; what was the result of the search-did you find anything?

Answer. I found on his person on old knife-I think all the blades were broken out; a pocketbook containing some memorandums, a $5 note and 25 cents in silver; nothing else that I recollect of.

Question. Have you ever returned to the accused his pocketbook and contents?

Answer. I have not. I reported the amount to my commanding officer, Colonel Marshall-the amount I had taken, the pocketbook and its contents; showed him the knife. He told me to retain them. Afterward while on the march to Lexington he ordered me to pay $4 of that amount to a man whose name I forget whom he was about to send as a bearer of dispatches to General Grant or the commanding officer at Jeffeson City. The balance I have in my hands now. The pocketbook and so on was lost with my baggage at Lexington.

Question. Are you not vindictively hostile in your feelings to the accused and have you not proclaimed to others and to him that you would 'swear like hell against him,' or words to that effect?

Answer. I am particularly hostile toward him in my feelings. I don't think I ever made use of that expression to him. I made use of very severe language to him at Sedalia. I don't think that I ever used that expression. Recently and since I saw him at Sedalia and Lexington my feelings toward him have been different; not as bitter. Up to that time I had a spirit of personal revenge which since I have ceased to feel. The personal revenge grew out of this fact that from what I heard from his and others I supposed the shot that killed Glasgow was aimed at me; that I thought it a cowardly and assassin-like manner of treating me and so on. I made um my that everything was fair in war. Perhaps time has made a change and his deportment while with us before and after the surrender of Lexington continued to make that change of feeling; have not hat vindictive feeling toward him that I had before.

Question. Were you a prisoner at Lexington? If so when the relation of yourself and accused were changed what was his treatment of you, and has that conduct had any effect upon your hostility to accused?

Answer. I was a prisoner at Lexington. His treatment of me was kind and had a tendency to soften my feelings of vindictiveness and revenge toward him.

Question. Have you not since the accused has been a prisoner here in this city in the McDowell College Prison uttered the words "I will swear like hell against you," in the resence of the accused and Provost-Marshall Farrar?

Answer. I do not know that I ever had any conversation with the accused in the presence of the Provost-Marshall Farrar. I had, however, a conversation with the accused in McDowell's College. While there in conversation with him and his associates I gave the accused and his associates some cigars. While in conversation with the accused in as I supposed a friendly manner, the question of charges being preferred against him, I in a jesting manner might have used some expression toward him something of that nature. I think I never made use of that particular expression.

Question. Describe where you first saw the troops whom you afterward chased.

Answer. We were approaching Georgetown from the east, in the direction of Otterville. The soldiers I first saw-those I took for soldiers-were on a hill opposite a brick house-farm-house I should judge it was-on the right-hand side as we approached Georgetown from the east. I should judge I was about half a mile from town, not more than half a mile; about half a mile from court-house. They ran down the hill in the direction of the town on the main road; they made two turns before they got to the court-house.

