
By the COMMISSION:

Question. Are you certain that when you entered the town and rode through the streets that the court-house building was always on your right?

Answer. Yesterday I was positive as to the fact but on reflection I am not positive.

Question. What was the cause of the threats on the part of the home guards and some of your men at the time of the first interview you had with the accused?

Answer. I do not know any cause for threats; cannot define any particular cause for threats.

Question. Are you certain that you made the turn at the corner where the building stands which you have described as a two story building with stairs running up on the outside?

Answer. My impression is the same that it was yesterday, but I am not positive in regard to it on reflection.

Question. Were you wounded at the battle of Lexington?

Answer. I was; two wounds, and was a long time ill. I was wounded in the knee by a spent ball on September 20, on the day of the surrender of Lexington.

There being no further questions to propose to the witness the testimony he had given was read to him by the judge-advocate and he requested that the following corrections and additions be made: In reply to question 2 of judge-advocate I say "after I rode about ten rods," &amp;c. ; it should be "over ten rods. " In reply to question 5 of judge-advocate add "I think he wore a dark-colored leghorn hat. " In reply to question 3 by accused insert "afterward I made up my mind," &c. In reply to question 25 by accused add "I and other officers were engaged in keeping them off. "

The witness was dismissed. The examination on the part of the United States was here closed.

MENTOR THOMPSON, a witness for the defense, was duly sworn.

By the ACCUSED:

Question. What is your name, age and residence, and state where you resided in August last?

Answer. Mentor Thompson; fifty-one years old March 9, 1862; Pettis County, near Georgetown, Mo., and resided in August two miles and a half southwest of Georgetown.

Question. If you have any personal knowledge of a disturbance at Georgetown about the latter part of August last arising upon the entrance of U. S. soldiers into that village, state what you saw.

Answer. Well, sir, I was in Georgetown; saw Mr. Magoffin and party of twelve men with him. I left town for home about the middle of the day as well as I can recollect; passed out south of the town. When I got upon the hill about quarter of a mile, perhaps a little more, near Squire Henderson's house, I saw a body of cavalry as I supposed south of me about 600 yards coming in the direction of Georgetown. I was drining a wild horse and buggy and turned in at Henderson's lot; hitched my horse; got over in the yard and went to the fence on the roadside. When I got there the cavalry came up and stopped in the raod right opposite where I was on the hill; house on east side of road. There were two of the cavalrymen from 50 to 100 yards behind the main body of men. They came dsshing through the crowd of men, soldiers and a few civilians and they remarked that they would "kill some of the damned secessionists; " another man followed after them. There was a large hollow there between Henderson's and the town. They had crossed and had ascended the hill half-way on the other side toward the town before any of that party who were on

