
Question. Hiw far do you live from the residence of the accused?

Answer. I live about nine miles.

Question. How long have you known him?

Answer. I have known him some five or six years. I don't remember the time exactly; have known him ever since he has been in the county.

Question. What are your personal relations with him-intimate and friendly, or otherwise?

Answer. Friendly.

Question. What sympathy is there between you and him-politically, religiously or otherwise?

Answer. I understand he was a member of a Chirstian church, and I am a member of a Christian church. We have voted differently-he has been a Democrat and I am a Whig. We differe now in potitics. Do not belong to any secret association with him or anybody else.

Question. What are your sentiments in relation to the present troubles?

Answer. My sentiments are that I would like very much to have peace restored; have been so all the time.

Question. On what terms?

Answer. On terms in conformity to the provisions of the Constitution.

Question. On which side are your sympathies?

Answer. My sympathies are with the Southern people.

The testimony of the witness was read to him by the judge-advocate and there being no additions or corrections to be made the witness was dismissed.

GEORGE S. BROWN, a witness for the defense, was duly sworn.

By the ACCUSED:

Question. State your name, age and where you resided in August last.

Answer. George S. Brown; twenty-six years old; resided near Georgetown, two and a half miles northeast.

Question. If you know anything of a disturbance that took place in Georgetown about the last of August, 1861, arising upon the entry of United States soldiers in that village state it.

Answer. I went up to Georgetown on business and I was at the post-office when Colonel Magoffin and twelve men rode down the street. The post-office is near the suburbs in the western portion of the town. I remeined there at the post-office after Colonel Magoffin passed down the street with his men, and I proceeded down the street to Mr. Hoge's drug store. When I stepped in Colonel Magoffin was in the drug store. I spoke to him and started to walk out of the door. Just at that time his men came from the court-house (they had been up in the court-house) to the drug store where Colonel Magoffin was. They reported to him that there was a large dust over toward Sedalia. Colonel Magoffin then asked me if I knew where the Irish shoe shop was. I told him it was around in Captain Kidd's Hotel on Main street. He asked me to walk around there with him; that he wished to get a pair of boots for Charlie Hardin, his son-in-law; that as he had his gun the Irishman might think he wished to hurt him in some way. He did not wish to frighten him in any way. All he wished was to know if the boots were done. When he asked me to go round there with him he ordered one or two of his men, I am not positive which, to get on their horses and ride round on the brow of the hill below the printing office, [on road] out of town, to see if they could see any armed men or soldiers coming, and whildst they were getting on their horses we went round to the shoe shop. All the rest of his men accompanied him. Colonel Magoffin after he walked into the shoe shop and asked the question about the boots walked out. He was standing on the

