
appointed him chief quartermaster, and have combined with the former duties the labor of the commissary department, which has heretofore had a first and second assistant commissary. We have likewise consolidated with his duties the office of military storekeeper, narrowing down the expense as much as possible. A building rented by the United States Government as a commissary department, soldiers' quarters, general staff, &amp;c., we have determined to release the State from any liability for, as the commissary stores can be stored in the Alamo buildings; said buildings rent for $6,000 a year.

In furnishing the U. S. troops transportation facilities, the officers representing the State will be busily employed for some time. When we can obtain a breathing spell we will go into further details. We will select agents to give receipts and hold the public property left at the posts until otherwise directed.

We remain, respectfully, &c.,

THOMAS J. DEVINE,

S. A. MAVERICK,

P. N. LUCKETT,

Commissioners on behalf of the Committee of Public Safety.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE DIVISION, STATE FORCES,San Antonio, Tex., [February 18, 1861.]

Honorable J. C. ROBERTSON,

Chairman of Committee of Public Safety.

SIR: On the receipt of the order of the commissioners calling on me to raise men for the purpose of securing the property, arms, &c., of the United States at San Antonio, immediately I proceeded to take such steps to collect such a force as would be sufficient to accomplish the purpose. To Texans a moment's notice is sufficient when their State demands their services.

On the night of the 15th instant, by 12 o'clock, a force of near 400 men from the adjacent counties had assembled on the Salado. At 3 a. m. 16th we took up the line of march for the city. At 4 o'clock, when near the suburbs, ninety men were ordered to dismount and enter the city on foot, when I posted them in such positions as commanded those occupied by the Federal troops. The n on horseback. At daylight several volunteer companies of San Antonio turned out promptly and co-operated with us to aid the State. Orders were given to the troops under my command not to fire until fired upon.

In a very short time it was ascertained that no resistance would be offered. The Federal troops were requested to keep within their quarters until the commissioners should agree upon the terms by which the arms and other property of the Federal Government should be surrendered to the State. This was decided by the commissioners and General Twiggs before 12 m. Wheretofore I instantly informed the forces under my command of the fact, and of there being no necessity for their remaining away from their plows and other peaceful avocations. They left immediately for their homes, conscious of having rendered service to their State and giving offense to no one save her enemies.

To make distinctions where all acted so nobly would be as unwise as unjust; but I cannot refrain from expressing my thanks to all for their gallant and prompt response to the call of their State and my admiration for their orderly conduct whilst we held the city.

