
CHARLES A. HARDIN, a witness for the defense, was duly sworn.

By the ACCUSED:

Question. State your name, age and residence and whether you are related to accused by blood or marriage.

Answer. Charles A. Hardin; twenty-five years old; Georgetown, Pettis County; I married the daughter of the accused.

Question. State any knowledge you have of the connection the accused has had with the army of Price of Jackson, and in what capacities.

Answer. I could not say positively whether the accused was connected with the army previous to this occurrence or not-I mean by occurrence the shooting at Georgetown. I can state some facts that will throw some light on the subject. A short time before the battle of Carthage Colonel Magoffin left home expressing his intention to his family to connect himself with Price's army. I saw nothing more of him until about four or five days after the battle of Carthage. It may have been as much as two or even three weeks before the battle of Carthage that he left home. Well, when he got back home he gave us a very graphic description of that battle; spoke of his having been in it. Well, he also spoke of frequent conversations he had with Claiborne F. Jackson showing that he was in his confidence. At least that was the impression he made on my mind at the time. Well, just about the time of his return he began to raise a regiment. He succeeded in getting from Saline and Pettis Counties about 225 or 230 men; that is what I understood. I did not count them but saw them. They were quartered near his house while I was there. Well, I saw them drawn up in front of the house and witnessed an election and the accused was elected major. It was a short time after the battle of Carthage and before the occurrence at Georgetown. Well, he had a son, Captain Magoffin, who was in charge of one company. Colonel Magoffin sent his son's company (Captain Magoffin) and my impression is he sent all the others to Price's army. He remained at home himself, but I heard him say repeatedly that he expected to rejoin the army or the men that he had sent out there. Well, there were twelve men I think that I heard from him he got from across the river, and there was a portion of the company that had not arrived and he was waiting for them-the captain of the company and the rest of the men. It was during that time the occurrence took place at Georgetown. I was at Colonel Magoffin's house on the morning of that occurrence when they started into town-that is the accused and the twelve men. Colonel Magoffin remarked to me that he wanted to get shoes or clothing or something for his men. I handed him a $5 bill and told him to get my boots at the shop there which I had had footed. I did to see the accused again until I saw him a prisoner at Lexington. While I was there I was informed by Colonel Tracy, Colonel Taylor and another colonel whose name I forget, that General Price was willing to exchange certain prisoners he had for the accused, and I had a talk with Colonel Marshall on the subject who declined for the reason that he thought it was unfair to exchange prisoners who had taken up arms for prisoners in Price's hands who were citizens, such as Governor King, Judge Ryland, &amp;c. Colonel Magoffin showed me a commission from Price appointing him colonel. I do nor recollect its date. This was after the battle of Lexington. I read it.

Question. In what capacity did the accused act at the battle of Carthage?

Answer. I do not know. He stated that he was at the battle of Carthage but did not state his capacity. He mentioned that he received orders from Jackson and had received prisoners.

Question. Since the battle of Lexington what so far as you know has the accused been doing?

Answer. Well, I don't know. He had been with Price's army until he came home when his wife was sick. The family sent word to him at Price's army that his wife was sick. This was about the latter part of November. The accused was not at home I know from the date of the battle of Lexington, September 20, until he was sent for as above.

Question. Were you at the house of the accused during the last illness of his wife? If so do you know anything of the arrangement made between Colonel Brown and the accused?

