
Question. How many reports of fire - arms do you think you heard during the disturbance?

Answer. Well, sir, I could not say. There was a number of them - say fifteen of twenty shots. The most of the firing was in the western part of town.

Question. Did you everr hear the home guard utter threats against the life of the accused?

Answer. Yes, sir, on the day of this occurrence.

Question. Were any of the home guard there that day in uniform?

Answer. I can't answer that question positively.

Question. have you been engaged in reaisng a company for Colonel Hughes' regiment?

Answer. Yes, sir; I have been recruiiting - attempting it.

Question. Do you know whether the accused was prior to this disturbance engaged in recruiting soldiers for Price's army?

Answer. Only from general rumor. It was understood through the country that he was - in the community.

Question. State what are your feelings ana opinions upon the question of Union or disunion.

Answer. I am decidedly Union.

By the JUDGE - ADVOCATE:

Question. What was the distance where you stood from the northeast corner of court - house square.

Answer. I suppose it is eighty yards.

Question. At whom was the first pistol - shot to which you allude fired?

Answer. Well, sir, I could not say at whom it was fire. If was fired up the street at I suppose the men in Main street.

Question. Did you hear the report of two guns?

Answer. Yes, sir, I heard two reports at the same time - very nearly the same time; but could not say whether they were gun reports or pistol reports.

Question. Did you hear one or two reports in the rear of you?

Answer. Well, sir, I heard one report as I remarked to my left in the rear. and the fourth report - that is immediately after I headr the two reports nearly together - to my left, but not in my rear but in the cross street. I judge althogether from the sound.

Question. Of the two reports heard nearly together could you tell which you headr first - the one in your rear or the one in front of court - house square?

Answer. Well, sir, the one in my rear; that is my impression. I could not say positively but that is my impression.

Question. Were the home guard around Georgetown uniformed at the time of this occurrence or before it?

Answer. Some of them were.

By the COMMISSION:

Question. At the time of the firing on your left and rear how many armed men were near you; and if any how far from you?

Answer. Well, sir, the only armed men I saw near me was the three Federal troops and the one that came up in the rear of them. Those three men could not have been more that forty yards from me. The other man was forty yards behind the other

