
C.

PRAIRIE LEA, [December] 16, 1861.

Doctor HUGHES.

DEAR SIR: You were at my house last night and left with me a written pass. Previously I had accepted one which does not expire until the 20th day of this month. It was undestood that I had until that time to deliberate the proposition made by Colonel brown and yourself concerning the parole. I am deeply grateful to you both for the kindness you have shown me; it was generous and disinterested. But reliable information has reached me today from two sources that a conspiracy has been made to assassinate me in y home. Reluctantly I am compelled to leave it again. I therefore send you back the pass you left with me. I cannot accept it. I must express again my sincere gratitude to yourself and Colonel Brown for your kindness, and regret that circumstances have frustrated your friendly purpose and that I am compelled to leave a young and kelpless family to the mercy of my enemies.

Truly, your friend,

E. MAGOFFIN.

D.

In reply to the notice received by me from Colonel R. D. Cutts, judge - advocate, to produce for the purpose of evidence the first written safe - guard issued by Colonel Brown, I have to say that the paper is not in my possession or power and I am not certain that I ever saw it. If I ever had it it was lost among other papers of mine. My perturbation of mind at the period when the paper was written and the affliction which followed were such as to render me uncertain whether I ever saw it.

EBENEZER MAGOFFIN.

E.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Otterville, December 23, 1861.

Captain J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant - General.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that having replaced by troops from La Mine the garrison of Sedalia I marched from that place on Sunday, the 15th instatn, with a column of infantry, cavalry and artillery numbering about 4, 000 men.

On the morning of the 18th Lieutenant - Colonel Brown's forces rejoined the command. Knowing that there must still be a large force of the enemy norht of us I moved slowly on the 18th toward Warresburg, and when near that town the spies and scouts I had sent before marching from Sedalia in the direction of Lexington, Waverly and Arrow Rock reported to me that a large force was marching from the two latter places and would encamp that night at the mouth of Clear Creek, just suth of Milford. I posted the main body of my command near Warresnsburg and Knobnoster to close all outlet to the south between those two points and dispatched seven companies of cavalry, five of the First Iowa and two of the Fourth Regular Cavalry, afterward

