
SAN ANTONIO, TEX., February 25, 1861.

Honorable JOHN H. REAGAN.

DEAR SIR: Inclosed you will find the order of General Twiggs. * I send it that you may see what sort of spirit prevails in the army here, from General Twiggs down, with one or two exceptions. They will do nothing to benefit the South. This order itself is an insult to the commissioners and the people of the State; besides, is calculated to make a wrong impression and mislead everybody in regard to the terms of the agreement between the commissioners and General Twiggs, which are: they are simply allowed to leave the State by way of the coast with their arms, two batteries of light artillery being taken as the arms belonging to that branch of the service. Many of the officers, who are Southern men, say they will not serve Mr. Lincoln, yet they will neither resign nor do anything else to assist the section that gave them birth. I hope the Southern Confederacy will aid them as little in future as they are helping her now. What good will their resignations do the south after they have kept their commands embodied and turn them over with arms in their hands to Lincoln, to be placed in some Southern garrison on our coast, or otherwise used to coerce the Southern people? This force ought to be disorganized before it leaves this State. If the Southern Confederacy intends raising a regular army these men ought to be enlisted into her service at once. Let recruiting officers be sent forthwith to this place, Indianola, and Brownsville, or the mouth of the Rio Grande, with the necessary funds to pay the proper bounty, and you may depend upon it Mr. Lincoln will never get many of them to leave this State.

* * * * *

Yours, truly,

BEN. McCULLOCH.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Baton Rouge, La., March 6, 1861.

Messers. MAVERICK, LUCKETT, and DEVINE,

Commissioners on behalf of the Committee of

Public Safety of the State of Texas.

GENTLEMEN: I have, in compliance with the wishes of the authorities of your State, authorized Major General Braxton Bragg, Louisiana army, to extend every facility and courtesy consistent with the safety of our State to the U. S. troops in transit through Louisiana by way of the Mississippi River. I take pleasure in stating to you that Major-General Twiggs, late commanding the Department of Texas, was recently welcomed to New Orleans with civic and military honors worthy of his bravery, his talents, and his long and very distinguished services.

I remain, gentlemen, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THO. O. MOORE,

Governor of the State of Louisiana.

---------------

*No inclosure found. Probably refers to order Numbers 5, of February 18, at p. 5.

---------------

