
MONTGOMERY, March 16, 1861.

Colonel EARL VAN DORN, Jackson, Miss.:

Appointed colonel. You were ordered yesterday to Forts Jackson and Saint Philip. Would prefer your going to Texas and securing the U. S. troops for our Army. Immediate action necessary. Answer.

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

AUSTIN, TEX., March 26, 1861.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS, President, &amp;c.

SIR: On yesterday the convention adjourned. On Saturday last, 23rd instant, the ordinance of ratification was passed - made a finality, with but one dissenting vote.

I would draw your particular attention to the state of the former U. S. Army within this State. An impression had grown up before my arrival that the rank and file of the Army was not desirable by the President of the Confederate States, and nothing has been done to obtain their services in the Army of the Confederate States. I am satisfied from authentic sources that a large majority of the Second Cavalry could be obtained if the proper officer was here. You are aware, and certainly much better informed than I am, of the effect of discipline and the esprit de corps that exists even among the privates of any regular army. In addition to that, I am sure that our State service can afford no inducements, not only on account of the want of permanency, but really the want of respect and antagonism they feel to militia, volunteers, and uneducated officers. In addition, they feel some mortification as to their capitulation and the terms by which they feel they are expelled by State force from our territory.

I feel satisfied if Colonel Van Dorn was here holding the command, even though the necessities or requirements of the service might demand his removal within a short period, he could obtain the best men in the U. S. service. I would earnestly urge his being sent here immediately. They are now collecting in large numbers, and recruiting depots established at convenient points, each recruiting officer being of the former U. S. Army, and when obtainable attached to the Second Cavalry. Besides obtaining the flower of the old Army and weakening the power of our enemies, we save an enormous expense and obtain the best body of troops for our service. I hope this will have your most favorable consideration. In addition, there is a vast amount of arms, ammunition, transportation, horses, mules, &c., that require immediate attention.

* * * * *

Yours, respectfully,

T. N. WAUL.

INDIANOLA, TEX., Mar

Honorable L. P. WALKER, Secretary of War.

SIR: I have the honor to report my arrival at this place, and to inform you that the troops of the United States are yet in camp at Green Lake,

