
The prisoners havign been asked whether he had any objected to any memebr of the commission and havign replied, " No, sir," the oath prescribed by the Sixty - ninth Article of War was administered to the court [commission] by the acting judge - advocate, and as soon as the said oath had been administered to the several members of the commission, the president threof administered the oath prescribed by the being present while the oaths were administered.

To the first charge and specification William J. Forshey, the prisoner, pleads not guilty.

To the second charge with its specificaiton William J. Forshey, the prisoner, pleads to guilty.

To the third charge with its specification Wiliam J. Forshey, the prisoner, pleads not guilty.

To the fourth charge with its specification William J. Forshey, the prisoners, pleads not guilty.

To the fifth charge with its specification Wiliam J. Forshey, the prisoner, pleads guilty.

ADAM GOSLING, a witness introduced, was duly sworn pursuant to the Seventy - third Article of War.

Question. You live in Sturgeon?

Answer. Yes, sir; in Boone Country.

Question. Have you ever seen the prisoners before?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. When and where did you see him last?

Answer. I saw him several times ont eh cars as we came here.

Question. Where did you see him before that?

Answer. I saw him at Sturgeon. He was arrested north of Sturgeon.

Question. Is this man a resident of Sturgeon?

Answer. He lives down south a little I believe.

Question. State to the court under what circumstances you saw him at Sturgeon at that time?

Answer. He ws in my store with a lot of men on the night of the fire.

Question. Wjat night was that?

Answer. Friday a week ago - the 20th of December.

Question. Did he come to your house to arrest you?

Answer. He was with the rest after I opened the store; he came in with the rest.

Question. What are the names of the bridges?

Answer. One is the Sturgeon bridge, and I think the other is called the Long Branch bridge.

Question. He was then one of them who was at the bridge -

burning?

Answer. Yes, sir; I heard him come up to Captain Watson and speak to him. I understood him to say the guard was ready. I think he had left a little we left and then he came back.

