
about twenty miles from the coast, awaiting transports to remove them. They are ignorant yet of their destination. I have seen but two of the officers, Major E. K. Smith and Lieutenant Thornton A. Washington. The former has resigned, and is on his way to Montgomery to offer his services to the Southern Confederacy. Major Smith has always been considered by the Army as one of its leading spirits, and his career in Mexico and subsequently won for him from the Government during the administration of President Pierce, and when General Davis was Secretary of War, a high appointment in the Second Regiment of Cavalry. He is so well known to the President, however, that it would be superfluous to say anything to call his attention to his merits as an officer. If I have been appointed colonel of cavalry, as I have heard, it would be very gratifying to me to have him appointed lieutenant-colonel in my regiment.

Lieutenant T. A. Washington has tendered his resignation, and has written to you by Major Smith, offering his services to the Southern Army. He was aide-de-camp to General Twiggs until the general left Texas, and was the adjutant of his regiment. He was also for a while the acting assistant adjutant-general at department headquarters. These positions, assigned him by his superior officers, will speak more in his behalf than anything I can say. He desires an appointment in the Quartermaster's Department or Adjutant-General's Department. He is well qualified to fill either station.

I think I shall have no difficulty in securing many of the troops and officers. I leave in a few minutes for the Green Lake camp. The Army, I am told by Major Smith, is strongly for the South, and he has no doubt but that the troops would all like to go with us if they had the opportunity.

Very respectfully, sir, I am, your obedient servant,

EARL VAN DORN,

Colonel, C. S. Army.

SALURIA, March 30, 1861.

J. H. REAGAN, Postmaster-General Confederate States.

DEAR SIR: I returned here late yesterday evening from Powder-horn. Colonel Van Dorn has not succeeded in engaging many of the officers or soldiers to join the army of the Confederate States.

There are some 500 soldiers assembled here, and two men-of-war and five sea-steamer transport vessels lying outside our bar to receive the troops here and as they arrive, and the Fashion is chartered by Captain King to remain here and lighter the men to the sea vessels. I very much fear the plan of Lincoln is to delay delivering up Fort Sumter until the whole Texas army can be concentrated for an attack on Pensacola, and by a brilliant stroke arouse Northern enthusiasm in favor of coercion.

* * * * *

Yours, in haste,

HUGH W. HAWES.

