
Trial of John Patton for bridge - burning and treason.

John Patton was arraigned * upon the following charges, to wit:

CHARGE 1: Bridge, railroad and car burning.

Specification. - That on the night of the 20th of Decemeber, 1861, the said John Patton with other persons unknown did unlawfully within the Military District of North Missouri burn and destroy one railroad bridge known as the Sturgeon Bridge and also one other railroad bridge known as the Long Branch bridge, and certain railroad ties, rails, tanks and cars, which bridges, ties, rails, tanks and cars formed a part of the commot traveled way known as the North Missouri Railroad. This in violation of martial law prevailing in the sid Military District of North Missouri and in the State of Missouri.

CHARGE 2: Giving aid and comfort to bridge and railroad burners.

Specification 1. - That the said John Patton did on the evening or night of Friday, the 20th of Decemebr, 1861, meet with other parties unknown and plot the destruction of two railroad bridges, to wit, the Sturgeon bridge and the Long Branch bridge, and certain ties, track, rail and cars, being part of and appertaining to the North Missouri Railroad.

Specification 2. - That the said John Patton did by his presence and advice upon the evening an night of Friday, the 20th of Decemeber, 1861, aid and assist and afford comfort and assistance to a party of armed men who on the night of Friday, the 20th of December, 1861, burned and destroyed two railroad bridges, to wit, the Sturgeon bridge and the Long Branch bridge, and the track, or a portion thereof, of the North Missouri Railroad, and sundry cars upon said track.

CHARGE 3: Aiding and abetting in the act of bridge - burning and in the destuction of a part or portion of the North Missouri railroad and the cars and rollin - stock thereof.

Specification. - That the said Jonh Patton did on the night of Friday, the 20th of December, 1861, aid and abet in the act of bridge - burning and in the destruction of a portion of the north Missouri Railroad and of cars upon the track of said railroad by chopping with axes, by carrying fence - rais, by examiting language, &amp;c.

CHARGE 4: Treason against the Governement of the United States.

Specification. - In this, that John Patton did assume an attitude of open rebellion against the Federal Government by taking up arms against the same and by assuming and exercising the function, duties and powers of a soldier or officer in the rebel army within the limits proper of the State of Missouri from and after or about the 19th day of Decemebr, 1861.

DAVID McKEE,

Major Black Hawk Cavalry.

The prisoner having been asked whether he had any objection to any member of the commission had having replied, " I have no objection," the oath prescribed by the Sixty - ninth Article of War was administered to the court [commission] by the acting judge - advocate, and as soon as the said the president thereof administered to the acting judge - advocate the oath prescribed by the Sixty - ninth Article of War, the prisoner being present while the oath were administered.

To the first charge John Patton, the prisoner, pleads to guilty.

To the second John Patton, the prisoner guilty.

To the third charge John Patton, the prisoners, pleads no guilty.

To the fourth charge John Patton, the prisoner, pleads guilty.

ADAM GOSLAND, witness introduced being duly sworn pursuant to the Seventy - third Article of War is examine as follows:

Question. State to the court if you ever knew the prisoners and if you met him on the night of the 20th of December last.

Answer. Yes. I don't know that I was acquainted with the prisoner before the night of the 20th when he came in my store with a lot of men and was talking to me a great deal that night. I inquired of him as to Mr. Patton that he was from Price's army, and if the had seen some acquaintances there. He started with us when we started to the bridge.

---------------

* Before the commission constituted by Special Orders, Numbers 96, p. 374. No date, but probably same day on which Tompkins and Forshey were tried.

---------------

