
No further testimony being demanded by the commission, the commission finds the prisoner guilty as charged in the first charge and specification thereunder; also guilty as charged in charge 2 and as charged in specifications 1 and 2 thereof; also guilty as charged in the third charge and its specification; also guilty as charged in the fourth charge and its specification, and does therefore sentence him, John Patton, to be shot to death at such time and place as the major - general commanding the departemnt shall direct.

JOHN GROESBECK,

Colonel Thirty - ninth Ohio, President.

HENRY BINMORE,

Assistant Adjutant - General and Acting Judge - Advocate.

Trial of Richard B. Crowder, accused of bridge - burning and treason.

PALMYRA, MO., Wednesday, January 1, 1862.

The commission me pursuant to adjournment at 10 a. m.

PRESENT: Colonel John Groesbeck, Thirty - ninth Ohio Volunteers, president; Lieutenant Colonel Charles J. Tinkham, Twenty - sixth Illinois Volunteers; Captain Henry T. McDowell, Company A, Third - ninth Ohio Volunteers; Captain David C. Benjamin, Company I, Thirty - ninth Ohio Volunteers; Captain Henry Binmore, asistant adjutant - general, acting judge - advocate and recorder.

Richard B. Crowder was arraigned upon the following charges, to wit:

CHARGE 1: Bridge, railroad and car burning.

Specification. - In this, that on the night of the 20th of December, 1861, the said Richard B. Crowder with other persons unknown did unlawfully within the Military District of North Missouri burn and destroy one railroadbridge known as the Sturgeon bridge and also one other railroad bridge known as the Long Branch bridge, and certain railroad ties, rails, tanks and cars, which bridges, ties, rails, tanks and cars formed part of the common traveled way known as the North Missouri Railroad. This in violation of martial law prevailing in the said Military District of North Missouri and in the State of Missouri.

CHARGE 2: Giving aid and comfort to bridge and railroad burners.

Specification 1. - In this, that the said Richard B. Crowder did by his presence and advice upon the evening and night of Friday, the 20th of December, 1861, meet with other parties unknown and plot the destruction of two railroad bridges, to wit, the Sturgeon bridge and the Long Branch bridge, and certain ties, track, rails and cars, being part of and appertaining to the North Missouri Railroad.

Specification 2. - In this the said Richard B. Crowder did by his presence and advice upon the evening and night of Friday, the 20th of December, 1861, aid and assist and aford comfort and assistance to a party of armed men who on the night of Friday, the 20th of Decemebr, 1861, burned and destroyed two railroadbridges, to wit, the Sturgeon bridge and the Long Branch bridge, and the track of a portion thereof of the North Missouri Railroad and sundry cars upon said track.

CHARGE 3: Treason against the Government did assume an attitude of open rebellion against the Federal Governmetn by taking up arms against the same and by assuming and exercising the function, duties and powers of a soldier or officer of the rebel army within the limits proper of the State of Missouri from and after or about the 19th day of Decemebr, 1861.

DAVID McKEE,

Major Black Hawk Cavalry.

The prisoner having been asked whethr he had any objection to any member of the commission and having replied, " None that I know of; they are gentlemen that I never saw," the oath prescribed by the Sixty - ninth Article of War was administered to the court by the acting judge - advocate; and as soon as the said oath had been administered

