
Answer. the man was wounded and found dead the next day. Before he died he said the powderhorn was shot off him. And this agreed with his statement.

Question. You are right positive a gun was taken from both those men that were taken prisoners?

Answer. They were.

The commission finds the prisoner guilty as charged in charge 1 with its specification; also guilty as charged in charge 2 with its specificaitons; also guilty as charged in charge 3 with its specificaiton, and does therefore sentence him, Richard B. Crowder, to be shot to death at such time and place as the major - general commanding the department shall select.

JOHN GROESBECK,

Colonel Thirty - ninth Ohio Volunteers, President.

HENRY BINMORE,

Assistant Adjutant - General and Acting Judge - Advocate.

Trial of George M. Pulliam, accoused of bridge - burning and treason.

PALMYRA, MO., January 1, 1862.

George M. Pulliam was arraigned * upon the following charges, to wit:

CHARGE 1: Bridge, railroad and car burning.

Specification. - That on the night of the 20th of December, 1861, the said George M. Pulliam with other persons unknown did unlawfully within the Military District of North Missouri burn and destroy one railroad bridge known as the Sturgeon bridge and also one other railroad bridge known as the Long Branch bridge, and certain railroad ties, rails, tanks and cars, which bridges ties, rails, tanks and cars formed a part of the common traveled way known as the North Missouri Railroad. This in violation of martial law prevailing in the said Military District of North Missouri and in the State of Missouri.

CHARGE 2: Giving aid and comfort to bridge and railroadburners.

Specification 1. - In this, that the said George M. Pulliam did upon the evening and night of Friday, the 20th of December, 1861, meet with other parties unknown and plot the destruction of two railroad bridges, to wit, the Sturgeon bridge and the Long Branch bridge, and certain ties, track, rails and cars, being part of and appertaining to the North Missouri Railroad.

Specification 2. - In this, that the said George M. Pulliam did by his presence and advice upon the evening and night of Friday, the 20th of December, 1861, aid and assist and afford comfort and assistance to a party of armed men who railroad bridges, to wiit, the Sturgeon bridge and the Long Branch bridge, and the track or a portion thereof of the North Missouri Railroad, and sundry cars upon the said track.

CHARGE 3: Treason against the Government of the United States.

Specification. - In this, that George M. Pulliam did assume an attitude of open rebellion against the Federal Government by taking up arms against the same and by assuming and exercising the function, duties and powers of a soldier or officer in the rebel army within the limits proper of the State of Missouri from and after or about the 19th day of December, 1861.

DAVID McKEE,

Major Black Hawk Cavalry.

The prisoner having been asked whether he had any objection to any member of the commission and having replied, "I don't know either of the gentlemen, sir, and I don't know that I ought to object; I guess they are gentlemen, " the oath prescribed by the Sixty - ninth Article of War was administered to the court by the acting judge - advocate, and as soon as the said oath had been administered to the several members of

---------------

* Before the commissions constituted by Special Orders, Numbers 97,

p. 374.

---------------

