
Of the fith specification, guilty.

Of the charge, guilty.

And the court do therefore sentence him, the said Thomas S. Foster, "to be shot to death at such time and place as the major-general commanding the department shall direct".

JOHN GROESBECK,

Colonel Thirty-ninth Ohio, Volunteers.

HENRY BINMORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Acting Judge-Advocate.

Finding approved.

The sentence will be carried into effect at such time and place as may be hereafter designated by the general commanding department.

In the meantime the prisoner will be confined in a cell of Alton prison.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 20. Saint Louis, Mo., January 14, 1862.

I. At a military commission which convend at Palmyra, Mo., pursuant to Spcial Orders, Numbers 97, of December 27, 1861, from these headquarters, and of which Colonel John Greosbeck, Thirty-ninth Ohio Volunteers, is president, were arraigned and tried-

* * * *

James H. Benedict.

CHARGE: Treason against the Government of the United States.

Specification. - In this, that James H. Benedict did assume an attitude of open rebellion against the Federal Government by taking up arms the same and by assuming and exercising the functions, duties and powers of a soldier and officer in the rebel army within the limits proper of the State of Missouri from and after or about the 19th day of December, 1861.

To which the accused pleaded not guilty.

The commission finds the accused guilty and does therefore sentence him, James H. Benedict, to be held a prisoner subject to the orders of the major-general commanding the department.

THOMAS BENEDICT.

CHARGE: Treason against the Government of the United States.

Specification. - In this, that Thomas Benedict did assume an attitude of open rebellion against the Federal Government by taking up arms against the same and by assuming rebel and exercising the functions, duties and powers of a soldier or officer in the rebel army within the limits proper of the State of Missouri from and after or about the 19th day of December, 1861.

To which the prisoners pleaded not guilty.

The commission finds the prisoner guilty and does therefore sentence him, Thomas Benedict, to be held a prisoner subject to the orders of the major-general commanding the department.

JAMES W. RUMANS.

CHARGE: Treason against the Government of the United States.

Specification. - In this, that James W. Rumans did assume an attitude of open rebellion against the Federal Government by taking up arms against the same and by assuming and exercisting the functions, duties and powers of a soldier or officer in the rebel army within the limits proper of the State of Missouri from and after or about the 19th day of December, 1861.

To which the accused pleaded guilty.

The commmission finds the accused guilty and does therefore sentence him, James W. Rumans, to be retained in custody subject to the ordes of the major-general commanding the department.

