
RANSOM BATTERDON.

CHARGE: Treason against the Government of the United States.

Specification. - In this, that Ransom did assume an attitude of open rebellion against the Federal Government by taking up arms the same and by assuming and exercising the functions, duties and powers of a soldier or officer in the rebel army within the limits proper of the State of Missouri from and after or about the 19th day of December, 1861.

To which the accused pleaded guilty.

The commission finds the accused guilty and does therefore sentence him Ransom Batterdon, to be retained in custody subject to the orders of the major-general commanding the department.

* * * *

JAMES P. TUGGLE.

CHARGE: Treason against the Government of the United States.

Specification. - In this, that James P. Tuggle did assume an attitude of open rebellion against the Federal Government by taking up arms against the same and by assuming and exercising the functions, duties and powers of a soldier or officer in the rebel army within the limits proper of the State of Missouri from and after or about the 19th day of December, 1861.

To which charge and specification the accused pleaded guilty.

The commission finds the prisoner guilty and does therefore sentence him, James P. Tuggle, to be retained in custody subject to the orders of the major-general commanding the department.

* * * *

GEORGE H. F. JONES.

CHARGE 1: Giving aid and comfort to bridge-burners.

Specification. - In this, that he, the said George H. F. Jones, did by this presence and advice upon the evening and night of Friday, the 20th of December, 1861, aid and assist and afford comfort and assistance to a party of armed men who on the night of Friday, the 20th of December, 1861, burned and destroyed two railroad bridges, to wit, the Sturgeon bridge and the Long Branch bridge, and the track or a portion therof of the North Missouri Railroad and sundry cars upon said track.

CHARGE 2: Treason the United States Government.

Specification. - In this, that the said George H. F. Jomes did assume an attitude of open rebellion against the Federal Government by taking up arms against the same and by assuming an exercising the funcitions, duties and powers of a soldier or officer of the rebel army within the limits proper of the State of Missouri from and after or about the 19th day of December, 1861.

To which the prisoner pleaded:

To the first charge, not guilty.

To the second charge, guilty.

The commission finds the accused:

Of the first charge and specification, guilty.

Of the second charge and specification, guilty.

And does therefore sentence him, George H. F. Jones, to be retained in custody subject to the orders of the major-general commanding the department.

JAMES R. J. JONES.

CHARGE 1: Giving aid and and comfort to bridge-burners.

Specification. - In this, that the said James R. J. Jones did by his presence and advice upon the evening and night of Friday, the 20th of December, 1861, aid and assist and affort comfort and assistance to a party of armed men who on the night of Friday, the 20th of December, 1861, burned and destroyed two railroad bridges to wit, the Sturgeon bridge and the Long Branch bridge, and the track or a portion threof of the North Missouri Railroad and sundry cars upon said track.

CHARGE 2: Treason against the United States Government.

Specification. - In this, that the said James R. J. Jones did assume an attitude of open rebellion against Federal Government by taking up arms against the same and by assuming and exercising the functions, duties and powers of a soldier or officer of the rebel army within the limits proper of the State of Missouri from and after or about the 19th day of December, 1861.

To which the prisoner pleaded:

To the first charge, not guilty.

To the second charge, guilty.

