
ROBERT G. McLEAN, assistant of Eighty-first Ohio Volunteers, being produced, duly sworn and examined on the part of the United State testifies as follows:

Question. Do you know the prisoners here present-John W. Owen?

Answer. I know him when I meet him.

Question. You recognize him as being a prisoner held here in custody?

Answer. Yes. I know him as having represented himself as being Captain John W. Owen of the rebel service.

Question. Were you present at any time when Colonel Morton had conversation with the prisoner?

Answer. I was present once when Colnel Morton questioned him pretty thoroughly and noted down his answers.

Question. State then what was the nature of that conversation.

(The witness, here referring to the memorandum then taken for the purpose of refrshing his memory, testified as follows:)

He said: "My name is John W. Owen. I was arrested in Callaway County; belonged to Colonel Dorsey's command; was captain of a copamy; had twenty-seven men. Joined Dorsey's command on the 26th of December, 1861. Recrutied my men in Callaway County. I was not in the fight at Mount Zion; my men were, I suppose. Our object was to go to Price's army. I was not out previously, except in Colonel Jones' command, of some time back (this was at the time the compromise was made between Jones and Henderson). My men were principally from Williamsburg and vicinity, and were sworn into the service on the 13th of December, 1861, on the farm of Thomas Anderson, three and a half miles south of Williamsburg, at a vacant house. I know Captain Meyers by sight. Had only two meetings of my company before starting out. I am acquianted with James Owen; he is an uncle of mine, and was a member of my copany; he brought his own gun with him. I know James England; he is a reliable men, and is reported a Union man. I know Dr. John B. Gregory, and know from report he is a Union man. I know William Garret; think he has never been in the rebel service; I think he had a son in it. Henry Hall lives east of south of Williamsburg, on Hancock Prairie; I do not know how he stands. I know his son-in-law, John Crawford. George McMahon was a member of my company; I think he is a son of Jesse McMaHonorable I know Joseph Everheart. John Williams was in the rebel army some three months, but has turned. James Anderson's son Watt is said to have been in Price's army; also his grandson, Thomas Norfolk Anderson. I suppose they are in the army still. Leroy Owen, my cousin was in my company. We got most of the tools used in destroying the railroad from memebers of my company, some from balcksmiths' shops, some of them from Walker F. Field, a balcksmith, who was in my company. I was acting under military orders. My orders (written) werre delivered to me by Lieutenant Jamison. They came from Quatermaster Norton. I think he lives in the western part of Callaway County, and think he ranks as lieutenant-colonel. My orders were to a specific division of the road. Lieutenant Jamison lives in the northern part of Callaway County. My orders were signed by Quatermaster Norton, by order of General Price. My company operated by itself. Myself and some of men objected to the work but obeyed as a military necessity. We met at a sugar camp near Wingfield's Saw-Mill, seven or eight miles from the railroad".

Question. Did Captain Owen say where he resided? and if so where?

Answer. I think he said he resided near Williamsburg.

Question. Did you understand him to state that he had never been in military service except his going out with Jones?

Answer. I think that was his statement.

Question. Did he state when he was out with Jones?

Answer. Not definitely. He referred to the time when the compromise was made between Henderson and Jones.

