
odds of about five to one, being short of provisions, having no hope of re-enforcements, no means of leaving the coast, even should any portion of the command succeed in reaching it, and with every probability of utter annihilation in making the attempt, without any prospect of good to be attained, I deemed that stubborn resistance and consequent bloodshed and sacrifice of life would be inexcusable and criminal, and I therefore surrendered.

Colonel Van Dorn immediately withdrew his force, and permitted us to march to San Antonio with our arms and at our leisure. We arrived there on the 10th, and on the 11th an officer was sent to our camp to receive our arms and other public property, all of which was surrendered.

I will state here that we have been treated, in the circumstances of our capture, with generosity and delicacy; and harrowed and wounded as our feelings are, we have not had to bear personal contumely and insult.

I am, sir, yours, respectfully,

I. V. D. REEVE,

Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding.

ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS BATTALION EIGHTH INFANTRY, Numbers -. San Antonio, Tex., May 12, 1861.

The following officers of the U. S. Army, viz, Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel I. V. D. Reeve, Eighth Infantry; First Lieutenant Z. R. Bliss, Eighth Infantry; First Lieutenant H. M. Lazelle, Eighth Infantry; Second Lieutenant L. Peck, Eighth Infantry; Second Lieutenant J. J. Van Horn, Eighth Infantry; Second Lieutenant R. T. Frank, Eighth Infantry; Bvt. Second Lieutenant W. G. Jones, Eighth Infantry; First Lieutenant H. W. Freedley, Third Infantry; Asst. Surg. D. W. C. Peters, being made prisoners of war by the forces of the C. S. Army, will proceed to Washington, D. C., and report to the War Department as soon as permitted so to do by the authorities of the said C. S. Army.

I. V. D. REEVE,

Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding Battalion.

WASHINGTON, D. C., May 25, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters of the Army.

SIR: It is my unpleasant duty to report, for the information of the general-in-chief, that on the 23rd of April last the following officers, then on duty at San Antonio, the headquarters of the Department of Texas, were seized by an armed force, acting under what they term the Confederate States of America, and made prisoners of war, viz:

Colonel C. A. Waite, First Infantry, commanding department.

Major W. A. Nichols, assistant adjutant-general.

Military Storekeeper R. M. Potter, Ordnance Department.

Surg. E. H. Abadie, Medical Department.

Asst. Surg. J. R. Smith, Medical Department.

Asst. Surg. E. P. Langworthy, Medical Department.

Paymaster D. McClure.

Captain K. Garrard, Second Cavalry.

