
Re-examined:

I think he was along with us while we were destroying the road.

The counsel for defense declined to file any statement on the part of defense but referred the court to the statement in the case of the United States against Norris.

The testimony in this case is here closed and case submitted. The proceedings were road over and the statement of the parties being in possession of the court was cleared for deliberation and having maturely considered the evidence adduced find the accused, William Combs, as follows:

Of charge 1, guilty.

Of specification, charge 1, guilty.

Of charge 2, guilty.

Of specification, charge 2, guilty.

And the commission do therefore sentence the said William Combs to be short to death at such time and place as the commanding general shall direct.

The above is a full and complete road of the proceedings, finding and sentence of the military commission in the case of William Combs.

SAMUEL A. HOLMES,

Lieutenant-Colonel and President of Commission.

M. ARMSTRONG,

Captain, Judge-Advocate and Recorder Military Commission.

Finding approved and the sentence will be carried into effect at a time and place to be hereafter designated by the general commanding the department. In the meantime prisoner will be kept in close confinment in military prison at Alton.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

Trial of William Mathews, accused of violation of the laws of war, bridge-burning and other crimes.

DANVILLE, MOTGOMERY COUNTY MO.,

February 1, 1862.

Commission met pursuant to adjournment.

Present: Lieutenant Colonel Samuel A. Holmes, Tenth Missouri Volunteers; Captain Richard Y. Lanius, Eighty-first Ohio Volunteers; Captain A. C. Todd, Tenth Missouri Volunteers; Captain M. Armstrong, judge-advocate, Eighty-first Ohio.

The prisoner, William Mathews, also present.

The commission was then duly sworn by the judge-advocate and the judge-advocate was duly sworn by the presiding officer of the court in the presence of the accused.

The accused be premission of the commission introduced Walter L. Lovelace, esq., as him counsel.

The charges were then read aloud by the judge-advocate, as follows:

CHARGE 1: Violation of the laws and customs of war.

Specification. - In this, that the said William Mathews of Company A, Callaway Rangers, on or about the 20th day of December, A. D. 1861, in the country of Montgomery in the State of Missouri while being enrolled and employed as a soldier in

