
Of specification, first charge guilty.

Of first charge, guilty.

Of specification, second charge, guilty.

Of second charge, guilty.

Of specification, third charage, guilty.

Of third charge, guilty.

And the commission do therefore sentence the said Frank White to be shot to death at such time and place as the commanding general may appoint.

The above is a true and complete record of the proceedings, finding and sentence of the military commission in the case of the United States, vs. Frank White.

SAML. A. HOLMES,

Lieutenant-Colonel and President of Commission.

M. ARMSTRONG,

Captain, Judge-Advocte of Military Commission.

Finding and sentence approved.

The sentence awarded will be carried into effect at a time and place to be hereafter designated by the general commanding the department. In the meantime prisoner will be kept in close confinement in military prison at Alton.

H. W. HALLECK.

EXHIBIT A.

Statement of Frank White.

I live in Montgomery County, in the east part. I am a farmer and have been. I have always lived at home. I am twenty-one years old. Awhile after the Lexington fight I left my father's. After the fight Price gave Meyers a commission to raise a company. He got up a company of about fifteen men and found we could not get through. He disbanded and we went home. We came up to Callaway, and the citizens told us we could not get through and Captain Meyers told us to disband and go home. We did go home and staid there about two weeks, and John Bowles and myself took a notion to go to Price alone. We went and crossed the river and found we could not get through and started back home. On our way back we met Cobb in Callaway. I did not know him then. Cobb took us to one side and told us he had some work for us to do. We told him that we would not go, and he said he had orders if men would not go to make them go. We still told him we would not go and he drew his sword on us and told us he would make us go. We staid with him two days and found out what he was going to do and we slipped off from him the second morning after we were pressed. We came down first to the lower edge of Callaway. There we met Meyers and ten or fifteen of his men. Meyers came up to John Bowles and asked him if we were going to stay. He told him he guessed not. He let John go and I wanted to go and he came up and told me I could not go. He kept me until the night the railroad was torn up and one other fellow by the men of Mathews. And after the railroad was destroyed we went off into Callaway and there I wanted to go home again but he told me as I was sworn in under him I would have to go. We disbanded for two or three days after the railroad was torn up. We went Williamsburg; from there to Mount Zion and from there I went home and have

