
The testimony in this case in here closed and the case is submitted to the court.

The proceedings were read over and the statements of the parties being thus in the possession of the commission the court was cleared for deliberation and after having maturely considered the evidence adduced find the accused, John Bowles, as follows:

Of speicification, first charge, guilty.

Of first charge, guilty.

Of specification, second charge, guilty.

Of second charge, guilty.

Of specification, third charge, guilty.

Of third charge, guilty.

And the commission to therefore sentence the said John Bowles to be shot to death at such time and place as the commanding general may appoint.

The above is a true and complete record of the proceedings, finding and sentence of the military commission in the case of the United States vs. John Bowles.

SAMUEL A. HOLMES,

Lieutenant-Colonel and President of the Commission.

M. ARMSTRONG,

Captain and Judge-Advocate Military Commission.

Finding approved and the sentence rendered will be carried into effect at the time and place hereafter designated by the general commanding the department. In the meantime the prisoner will be kept in close confinement in military prison at Alton.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

Trial of William Shearin, charged with destroying railroad and telegraph lines.

DANVILLE, MOTGOMERY COUNTY, MO.,

February 15, 1862.

Commission met pursuant to adjournment.

Present: Lieutenant Colonel Samuel A. Holmes, Tenth Missouri Volunteers; Captain Richard Y. Lanius, Eighty-first Ohio Volunteers; Captain A. C. Todd, Tenth Missouri Volunteers; Captain M. Armstrong, judge-advocate, Eighty-first Ohio Volunteers.

William Shearin, the accused, also present.

The judge-advocate having read the order convening the court asked the accused, William Shearin, if he had any objection to any memeber named therein; to which he replied, "I have not".

The commission was then duly sworn by the judge-advocate and the judge-advocate was then sworn by the presiding officer of the commission in the presence of the accused.

The chargesw were then read aloud by the judge-advocate as follows:

CHARGE 1: Destroying railroad and railroad property.

Specification. - In this, that the said William Sheain on or about the 20th day of December, A. D. 1861, in the counties of Montgomery and Audrain in the State of Missouri and within the lines occupied by the regularly authorized military forces of the United States did unlawfully, wilfully and maliciously tear up, burn and destroy the rails, railroad ties, bridges, buildings and other property belonging to the North Missouri Railroad Company (so called) contrary to the laws and customs of war in like cases.

