
Finding approved.

The sentence awarded will be carried into effect at such time and place as may be hereafter designated by the general commanding the department. In the meantimes the prisoner will be kept in close confinment in Alton prison.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

EXHIBIT A.

When I came in to delive myself up to Colonel Morton I thought that when I came in a and gave myself up and arms up and took the oath not to fight any more that I would be protected and my property.

WILLIAM SHEARIN.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,

Numbers 42. Saint Louis, February 17, 1862.

* * * *

III. At the military commission which convened at Pacific, Mor., pursuant to Special Orders, Numbers 35, of January 12, 1862, from these headquarters, and of which Captain A. W. Drips, Ninth Regiment Iowa Volunteers, is president, was arraigned and tried-

Issac H. Breckinridge, a citizen of Franklin County, Mo.

CHARGE: Violation of the laws of war.

Specification 1. - In this, that Issac H. Breckinridge did send clothing to his son, then a soldier in the army of the so-called Confederate States in rebellion against the lawfull authority of the Government of the United States. This in Franklin County, Mo., in the summer or fall of the year 1861.

Specification 2. - In this, that said Issac H. Breckinridge did keep ammunition on his premises for the purpose of furnishing the same to men in rebellion against the lawful authority of the United States and did harbor and maintain persons in rebellion against the lawfull authorities of the United States. This in the summer or fall of the year 1861 in Franklin County, Mo., in violation of the laws of war.

Specification. - In this, that the said Issac H. Breckinridge did assist in an attempt to stop railroad trains and destroy the track of the southwestern branch of the Pacific Railroad. This on or about the 1st of July, 1861, in Franklin County, Mo., in violation of the laws of war.

To which charges and specifications the prisoner pleaded not guilty.

The commission finds the prisoner guilty as charged and does therefore sentence him, Issac H. Breckinridge, to have all his property except his houses and lands confiscated to the use of the Government of the United States and that he be detained as a prisoner at hard until the end of the war.

Finding approved. The sentence is mitigated on condition that Issac H. Breckinridge give bond in $5,000 to keep the peace against the Government of the United States and that he take the oath of allegiance. If mitigated sentence should not be complied with the original sentence will be enforced.

By command of Major-General Halleck:

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Proceeding of a military commission convened at Columbia, Mo., February 24, 1862, pursuant to the following orders, viz:

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 160. Saint Louis, February 24, 1862.

* * * *

IV. A military commission is hereby appointed to meet at Columbia, Mo., on Monday, the 24th instant, at 10 a. m., or as soon thereafter as practicable for the trial of such persons as may be brought before it.

