
Detail for the commission: Colonel Lewis Merril, Merril's Horse; Lieutenant Colonel William F. Shaffer, Merril's Horse; Captain Theodore Pierson, Merrill's Horse; First Lieutenant George M. Huston Merrill's House; First Lieutenant R. A. Howard, Merrill's Horse, who will act as judge-advocate and recorder.

The commission will sit without regard to hours.

By order of Major-General Halleck:

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLUMBIA, MO., Monday, Febraury 24, 1862-10 a. m.

The commission met pursuant to the above orders.

Present: Lieutenant Colonel Merrill; First Lieutenant Robert A. Howard, judge-advocae and recorder; and First Lieutenant George M. Huston; Lieutenant Colonel William F. Shaffer and Captain Theo. Pierson abset.

The commission was organized, and being informed that the full commission could assemble to-morrow then adjourned until to-morrow at 10 a. m.

LEWIS MERRIL,

Colonel Regiment Merrill's Horse, President Military Commission.

ROBERT A. HOWARD,

First Lieutenant, Merrill's Horse, Recorder Military Commission.

Trial of James Quisenberry for aiding and abetting the destruction of railroad property.

COLUMBIA, MO., Tuesday, February 25, 1862-10 a. m.

The commission met pursuant to the above order and adjournment, all the memebers present, and proceeded to the trial of James Quisenberry, a citizen of Boone County, Mo., wo being called into court had the above order read in his hearing and was asked if the objected to be tried by any member named in the detail, to which he replied in the negative.

The commission was then duly sworn in the presence of the accused and the judge-advocate duly sworn by the president also in the presence of the accused.

The accused was then arraigned on the following charge and specification:

CHARGE: Aiding and abetting in the destruction of the property of the North Missouri Railroad Company.

Specification. - In this, that James Quisenberry, a citizen of Boone County, Mo., did join with a band of armed persons engaged in the destruction of the property of the North Missouri Railroad Company and by his presence did aid and abet the destruction by fire and otherwise of certain rails, ties, bridges and timers belonging to and necessary to the use of said company in the transaction of their ordinary and legitimate business. All this at or near Sturgeon, Boone County, Mo., on or about the 21st day of December, 1861.

To which the prisoner pleaded as follows, viz:

To the specification, guilty.

To the charge, guilty.

The prosecution here rested; and the prisoner in open court made the following statement which a full knowledge of its consequences to himself he states to be a voluntary and full confession of his crime:

My name is James Quisenberry. I will be eighteen years of age if I live till next August. On December 19, 1862, I started from home having had two days' notice with the understanding that we were going to join the army of General Price, and I did not know any better until we got on the railroad. The notice was given me by Captain J Watson. I do not know that Captain Petty was along; I had no

29 R R-SER II, VOL I

