
acquiantance with him until he was brought here as a prisoner. Captain Searcy was along; he once taught in this university. We started on the night of the 19th from Brick Chapel, between Columbia and Fayette and about seven miles distant from this place. It was about 2 o'clock; we went direct to Germantown. We then about four miles to the bridges on Perche Creek where we stopped about three hours. Some of the officers then held a council of war. John McKinney was also along whom I never knew till then. These three men were the leading men of the expedition so far as I know. After the council of war we moved on, it being still dark; rather northwest but I know not to what point we were going. We arrived on the railroad in sight of Sturgeon above Sturgeon, and some of the men were ordered to tear up the railroad and others to guard them while they were tearing it up. About fifty yards of it were torn up at that place. I being ordered to guard the men while they were at it did so. Captain Watson and Captain Searcy gave the orders to tear it up. Houchens and Williamson took part in tearing up the road and Issac Newland, who lines on the river-bottom about eight or nine miles from here. Barney Lynch also assisted who lines near the Brick Chapel, about eight miles from here. Doctor Coleman was appointed to guard the men while at work; Sam Langdon also was appointed as guard; Watson was also along. I was present within about 100 yards when the Sturgeon bridge was burnt but did not know the men who took part in it. Captain Watson was not with his company during the burning but left them with his orderly sergeant. I did not see him engaged in burning it. Captain Searcy was right up against the bridge with his company during the burning. They were all dismounted-some carrying fence-rails and some fire and others holding the horses. At the burning of the other bridge the name of which I do not remembr-but it was about seven miles from Sturgeon-Captain Watson and his men dismounted and I saw him and them carrying fence-rails and throwing them on the fire after it was built. There was another man whose name I have forgotten but it is something like Sanders who started the fires at both bridges. I was in the fight next morning. The only men of Watson's company who remained in the fight were myself and Houchens and Williamson and Newland; all the others ran away.

The court was then cleared and after mature deliberation confirmed the plea of the prisoner and finds the prisoner, James Quisenberry-

Of the specification, guilty.

Of the charge, guilty.

And the court do therefore sentence him, James Quisenberry, to be shot to death at such time and place as the major-general commanding the department shall direct.

LEWIS MERRIL,

Colonel Regiment Merrill's Horse, President Military Commission.

ROBERT A. HOWARD,

First Lieutenant, Merrill's Horse, Recorder Military Commission.

In consideration of the youth of the above-named James Quisenberry and fact evident to the minds of the court that his crime was the result of too much confidence in the representations of designing men much older than himself by whom he was led into it; in consideration also of his full and frank confession of his guilt and of that of his older and wiser instigators and of his evidently sincere penitence for the crime of which he has been convicted, the memebers of the court without exception recommened his case to the commanding general as a fit one in which to exercise clemency and recommend that he be prardoned and released on taking the oath of allegiance and giving bonds for his future good behavoir.

LEWIS MERRILL,

Colonel Regiment Merrill's Horse, President Military Commission.

WILLIAM F. SHAFFER,

Lieutenant-Colonel Merrill's Horse.

THEO. PIERSON,

Captain, Merrill's Horse.

GEORGE M. HOUSTON,

Lieutenant, Merrill's Horse.

ROBERT A. HOWARD,

Lieutenant, Merrill's Horse.

