
tralia; after which we came back to the edge of the timber where we took breakfast and fed our horses and staid about an hour. We were then attacked by Captain Moss' company I think. We all ran and I came home. About two weeks before Dr. Coleman called on meas I have already stated, Samuel Langdon who lived about half a milefrommy farther's dwelling called onmeand said that the South had the power over Missouri and would draft me if I did not go willingly and join the army of Price. I did not wish to be drafted, and so agreed to go willingly and was sworn in by Captain Watson to join the army of Price. This occurred on the day we went to the railroad. Hos Houchens also was along. Barney Lynch was another. He lives about ten miles from here in a sort of northwest direction. Charley Holten was also along. He lives about a mile and a half northwest from my farther's house. George Nichols also was along. He lives about half a mile from Holten's, above named. James Quinsbery lives about five miles west from here and was along. Dr. Coleman is a physician. He lives about half a mile from my farther's. Samuel Langdon lives about half a mile from my farther's. Heis a carpenter and stonemason. he took an active part in getting persons to join Price's army. John McKinney, brother of Colonel McKinney, was also along. I saw him knocking them off from the end of the bridge. Harvey Palmer had a sledge hammer breaking up the ties and knocking them off from the road. He lives about a miles and a half northeast frommy farther's. Thomas Tolsen was also along; was in the fight. He lives about six miles northeast from my farther's. Sant Haggart was also along and wasin the fight. He rolled up a great bunch of the telegraph wire and threw it in the fire. He also made a fire around the posts which supported the bridge and helped to burn them. I also saw him cut down a post of the telegraph. James Nichols, brother of George, was also along. He cut one of the sills of the bridge abou would likewise here state that it was my wish to do what was right and to serve my country and that I was misled by others and I deeply regret the course I have pursued.

The court was then closed and after mature deliberation confirmed the plea of the prisoner and finds him, the prisoner, James N. Lane -

Of the specification, guilty.

Of the charge, guilty.

And the court do therefore sentence him, James N. Lane, to be shot to death at such time and place as the major-general commanding the department shall direct.

LEWIS MERRILL,

Colonel Regiment Merrill's Horse, President Military Commission.

ROBERT A. HOWARD,

First Lieutenant, Merrill's Horse, Recorder Military Commission.

In consideration of the youth of the above-named person, James N. Lane, and the fact evident to the minds of the court that his crime was the result of too much confidence in the representations of designing menmuch older and wiser than himself by whom he was led into it; in consideration also of his full and frank confession of his guilt and of that of his older and more influential confederates and instigators, and of his evidently sincere penitence for the crime of which he has been convincted, the members of the court without exception recommend his case to the commanding general as a fit one in which to exercise clemency, and recommend that he be pardoned and released on taking the oath of allegiance and giving bonds for his future good behavior.

LEWIS MERRILL,

Colonel Regiment Merrill's Horse.

WILLIAM F. SHAFFER,

Lieutenant-Colonel Merrill's Horse.

THEO. PIERSON,

Captain, Merrill's Horse.

ROBERT A. HOWARD.

Lieutenant, Merrill's Horse.

GEORGE M. HOUSTON,

Lieutenant, Merrill's Horse.

