
Finding approved. On recommendation of the commission the sentence will be mitigated and the prisoner released upon taking the oath of allegiance and giving bond in $2,000 with proper securities for his good behavior and future loyalty to the Government.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

Trial of Edmund J. Ellis, editor, for violating the laws of war by publishing intelligence to the enemy, etc.

CILUMBIA, MO., TUESDAY, February 25, 1862.

The commission proceeded to the trial of Edmund J. Ellis, a citizen of Booner County, Mo., who being called into court had the above order* read in his hearding and was asked if he objected to be tried by any member named in detail, to which he replied in the negative.

The commission was then duly sworn in the present of the accused and the judge-advocate duly sworn by the president also in the presence of the accused.

The prisoner was then arraigned on the following charges and specifications:

CHARGE 1: The publication of information for the benefit of the enemy and encouraging resistance to the Government and laws of the United States.

Specification 1. - In this, that in a public newspaper published in the town of Columbia, county of Boone, State of Missouri, called the Boone County Standard of which paper the said Edmund J. Ellis was editor and proprietor on the 15th day of November, A. D. 1861, the said Edmund J. Ellis permitted and caused to be printed and published an article, entitled "Letters from Our Army," design and object of which publication was to encourage and further rebellion against the existing Government of the United States.

Specification 2. - In this, that in a public newspaper published in the town of Columbia of Boone and state of Missouri styled and called The Boone County Standard of which paper the said Edmund J. Ellis on the 15th day of November, A. D. 1861, at Columbia aforesaid printed and published and caused to be printed and published an article entitled "To the Civil Officers of Booner County," which said article contained treasonable matter and was designed and intended to encourage resistance to the Govermment and laws of the United States.

Specification 3. - In this, that in a public newspaper published in the town of Columbia, county of Boone and State of Missouri styled and called The Booner County Standard of which papper the said Edmund J. Ellis was editor andproprietor, the said Edmund J. Ellis on the 22nd day of November, A. D. 1861, at Columbia aforesaid printed and published and caused to be printed and published a certain article entitled "Root, Abe, or Die," which said article was disigned and intended to encourage resistance to the Government and laws of the United States.

Specification 4. - In this, that in a public newspaper published in the town of Columbia, county of Boone and State of Missouri styled and called The Boone County Standard of which paper the said Edmund J. Ellis was editor and proprietor, the said Edmund J. Ellis on the 13th day of December, A. D. 1861, at Columbia aforesaid printed and published and caused to be printed and published a certain article entitled "The U. S. Flag - Rebbelion," which said article contained treasonable matter and was designated and intended to encourage resistance to the Government and laws of the United States.

Specification 5. - In this, that in a public newspaper published in the town of Columbia, county of Booner and State of Missouri, styled and called The Boone County Standard, of which paper the said Edmund J. Ellis was editor and proprietor, the said Edmund J. Ellis on the 3rd day of January, A. D. 1862, at Columbia aforesaid printed and published and caused to be printed and published a certain article entitled "Carrier Address," which said artcile contained treasonable matter and was designed and intended to encourage resistance to the Government and laws of the United States.

---------------

* Special Orders, Numbers 160, p. 448, convening and making detail for the commission.

---------------

