
QUestion. Examine the paper now shown to you and state what if anything you know of the authorship of the article entitled "Carrier's Address. "

(Here the witness was handed newspaper marked Exhibit G.)

Answer. I believe the man's named who wrote it was Dysen.

Question. Examine the pamphlet now shown to you and state what if anything you know of its publication; where it was printed, by whom, how many copies were printed, by whom circulated, by whom written. State all you know connected with it.

(Here the witness was handed pamphlet "To the Patriot Army of Missouri. ")

Answer. It was printed in The Booner County Standard office. I think 300 copies were printed. Don't know who wrote it. Dont's know who circulated it. Don't know who it was printed for.

The pamphlet was here offered in evidence and no objection having been made accepted, and is hereto attached, marked exhibit A and made part of the testimony for the prosecution in this case.

By a MEMBER:

Question. What became of the copies of the pamphlet marked Aof which you as some 300 copies were printed?

Answer. They were taken from the office. Don't know who by or where.

The prosecution here rested and the prisoner produced the following evidence:

EDWARD REYNOLDS, a witness for the defense having been duly sworn testified as follows:

By the PRISONER:

Question. Do you know of any copies of said pamphlet having been circulated by Edmund J. Ellis, or by anyone else at his instance?

Answer. I do not.

Question. Was your position as an employe such that you had a good opportunity of knowing whether it was so circulated?

Answer. Yes.

The defense here rested, and the prisoner declining to make any statement or address submitted the case to the court.

The court was then cleared and after mature deliberation upon the testimony adduced find the prisoner, Edmund J. Ellis, as follows, viz:

Of the first specification of the first charge, guilty.

Of the second specification of the first charge, guilty.

Of the third specification of the first charge, guilty.

Of the fourth specification of the first charge, guilty.

Of the fifth specification of the first charge, guilty.

Of the sixth specification of the first charge, guilty.

Of the first charge, guilty.

Of the first specification of the second charge, guilty.

Of the second specification of the second charge, guilty.

Of the third specification of second charge, guilty.

Of the second charge, guilty.

And the commission does therefore sentence him, the said Edmund J. Ellis, to be placed and kept outside the lines of the State of Missouri

