
during the war and that the press, types, furnisture and material of the printing office of The Boone Standard be confiscated and sold for the use of the United States.

LEWIS MERRILL,

Colonel Regiment Merrill's Horse, President Military Commission.

ROBERT A. HOWARD,

First Lieutenant, Merrill's Horse, Record Military Commission.

Finding and sentence approved. The press, types, furniture and material of the printing office of The Boone County Standard will remain in charge of the quartermaster's departmenttill further orders. The proper commanding officer will see that the prisoner, Edmund J. Ellis, is placed outside of the State of Missouri. Should he return within the lines of this State during the war without proper permission he will be arrested and placed in close confinement in the Alton military prison.

H. W. HALLECT,

Major-General.

Trial of William F. petty, accused of aiding in the destruction of railway property.

COLUMBIA, MO., Saturday, March 1, 1862.

Court proceeded to the trial of William F. Petty, who being called into court had the above order* read in his hearing and was asked if he objected to being tried by any member named in the detail, to which he replied in the negative.

The commission was then duly sworn in the presence of the accused and the judge-advocate duly sworn also in his presence.

The accused was then arraigned on the following charge and specification:

CHARGE: Aiding and abetting in the destruction of property of the North Missouri Railroad Company.

Specification. - In this, that William F. Petty, a citizen of Boone County, Mo., did aid and assist and incite others to aid and assist in the destruction by fire or otherwise of certain rails, ties, bridges and timbers belonging to and necessary for the use of the North Missouri Railroad Company in the transaction of their ordinary business. All this at or near Sturgeon, Mo., on or about the 21st of December, 1861.

To which the prisoner pleaded as follows:

To the specification, not guilty.

To the charge, not guilty.

All persons required to give evidence were directed to withdraw and remain in waiting till called for.

JACOB CROSSWHITE, citizen, a witness for the prosecution, being duly sworn tesified as follows:

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Are you acquainted with the prisoner at the bar? If so state how long you have known him and where he resides.

Answer. Have seen him good many times. I am not much acquantined with him, however. Helives in Howard County; I think about eight miles from Rocheport.

---------------

* Special Orders, Numbers 160, p. 448, convening and making detail for the commission.

---------------

