
WILLIAM R. SCHOOLER, a witness for the prosecution, being duly sworn testified as follows:

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. What is your age, place of residence and occupation?

Answer. I am fortry years old; reside if Sturgeon, Boone County. Have not been doing anything for several months.

Question. State where you were at the time the Sturgeon bridge was destroyed on the 21st of December lastl what you know of the circumstances attending the destruction; whether or not you saw the prisoner on or about that time; and if so where and what was he doing.

Answer. I was at ir near bridge when it was detroyed. I was taken prisoner at my house in Sturgeon between 10 and 11 o'clock that night and taken down to bridge. When I got there the bridge was on fire. There were a great many people there. Some were carrying and throwing things on the flames. Some were sitting on horses looking on. Some warming at fire. Some chopping the sills and tearing up rails of the railroad. I think there were about 200 men there. After this we went to the Long Branch bridge. When I arrived there that was on fire. Hadjust begun to burn. The crowd did about the same things they did at Sturgeon bridge. Staid there some time. Then returned passing through Sturgeon. Went about twomiles and a half west of Sturgeon. Then we stopped in Mr. Riggs' pasture. Did not stay there long. Got into a fight with Federal troops and I di some tall running along with the rest of them. Rode about one and one-quarter or one mile and a half from there to Widow Baker's. Menwho were with me put to the brush. I broke for Widow Baker's. I was recaptured there and taken two or three miles into the White Oaks. There they relased me between 8 and 10 o'clock in the morning. The first time I saw prisoner was at Riggs' pasture where we encamped. He walker toward me and shook hands with me. Next time I saw him was after the fight began. He was trying to rally some men. Did not see himany more afterward.

Question. Who was prisoner with when you saw him at these times and in what capacity did he act?

Answer. He was with the party encamped on the ground at Riggs' which was the party who had burned the bridges and tore up the tracks, mixing with them and appearing to be on good terms with them. In the fight he was with section or bridge-burning party. From the capacity in which he acted I supposed him to be an officer. The last I saw [of] him he was trying to rally some men to fight against Federal troops. In the pasture field he appeared to act as the others, but in the fight he with one or two others attempted to rally the men when they commenced to run.

By the PRISONER:

Question. Are you intimately or passingly acquainted with the prisoner?

Answer. Am passingly acquainted with him.

Question. What timeof day was it when you say you saw prisoner and shook hands with him? You are satisfied beyond all doubt that the prisoner Petty is the man to whim you then spoke?

Answer. Between 7 and 8 o'clock I suppose in the morning. I have no doubts of its being same man.

ADAM GOSLING, witness for the prosecution, being duly sworn testified as follows:

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. What is your age, place of residence and occupation?

Answer. Am forty-two years old; reside at Sturgeon; am carpenter by trade.

Question. Are you acquainted with prisoner. If so how long have you known him and where does he reside?

