
The court was then closed and after mature deliberation on the evidence adduced finds the prisoner, W. F. Petty, as follows:

Of the specification, guilty.

Of the charge, guilty.

And does therefore sentence the said W. F. Petty as follows: To be shot to death at such time and place as the commanding general of the department may direct.

The court was then opened and at 7. 30 p. m. adjourned until 12 m. on the next day.

LEWIS MERRILL,

Colonel Regiment Merrill's Horse, President Military Commission.

ROBERT A. HOWARD,

First Lieutenant, Merrill's Horse, Recorder Military Commission.

The finding and sentence approved, and will be carried into effect at such time and place as may be hereafter designated by the general commanding this department. In the meantime the prisoner will be kept in close confinement at Alton prison.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 9. Saint Louis, March 25, 1862.

1. At the military commission which convened at Cape Girardeau, Mo., pursuant to Special Orders, Numbers 41, of January 14, 1862, from the headquarters Department of the Missouri, and of which Captain Thomas A. Boyd, seventeenth Illinois Volunteers, is president, were arraigned and tried:

William Kirk.

CHARGE. Violation of the laws of war.

Specification 1. - In this, that the said prisoner, William Kirk, did belong to a marauding or guerrilla band known as Jeff. Thompson's band in the State of Missouri; that the said William Kirk and others not known did unlawfully plunder and take away a certain yoke of oxen, wagon and other property belonging to one Washington L. McIntire, to wit, some time during the year 1861, the said Washington L. McIntire being a loyal citizen of the United States and a resident of the State of Missouri.

Specification 2. - In this, that the said William Kirk, prisoner, did belong to a marauding or guerrillas band in the State of Missouri and did during the year 1861 in the State of Missouri with certain other persons unlawfully plunder and taken away a certain yoke of oxen, wagon and other property belonging to one Washington L. McIntire, the said washington L. McIntire being a loyal citizen of the United States and a resident of the State of Missouri.

Specification 3. - In this, that the said William Kirk did on or about the 13th day of December, 1861, together with others unknown rob and plunder one Allen, a loyal citizens of the United states and a resident of the state of Missouri, and did then and there taken and carry away one horse, the property of said Allen, a loyal citizen of the United states and a resident of the State of Missouri.

Specification 4. - In this, that the said William Kirk did belong to a marauding or guerrillas band in the State of Missouri, and did during the year 1861 with other persons taken and drive away cattle belonging to one Echel and others, the said property belonging to loyal citisens of the United States and residents of the State of Missouri.

Specification 5. - In this, that the said William Kirk being a member of a marauding or guerrillas band did by force and threats compel one John Bliss, then being a loyal citizens, to take the oath of allegiance to the Southern Confederacy, the said John Bliss being a loyal citizen of the United States and a resident of the State of Missouri.

