
To which charge and specification theprisoner pleaded not guilty.

The commission finds the prisoner as follows:

Of the first specification, guilty.

Of the second specification, guilty.

Of the third specification, guilty.

Of the fourth specification, not guilty.

Of the fifth specification, guilty.

Of the charge, guilty.

And does therefore sentence him, William Kirk, to imprisonment for the term of three years, and to be fined in the sum of $100.

Finding approved. Sentence mitigated to imprisonment during the war in military prison at Alton.

Stephen Bontwell.

CHARGE 1: Violation of the laws of war.

Specification 1. - In this, that the said Stephen Bontwell was on or about the 1st of August A. D. 1861, a member of a marauding band known as Jeff. Thompson's men.

Specification 2. - In this, that the said Stephen Bontwell with others on or about the 1st of August, A. D. 1861, dod capture and take prisoner without warrant or authority one Wolfgang Dunbarger, then a loyal citizen of the United States and a resident of the State of Missouri.

CHARGE 2: Robbery.

Specification 1. - In this, that the said Stephen Bontwell on or about August, A. D. 1861, with divers others did rob and plunder the property of Frank R. Huerney of great value, the said Hurney then being a loyal citizen of the united States and a resident of the State of Missouri.

Specification 2. - In this, that the said Stephen Bontwell with divers others on or about the month of December, A. D. 1861, did rob and plunder the property of one William Allen, a loyal citizen of the United States and a resident of the State of Missouri.

To which charges and specifications the prisoners pleaded not guilty.

The commission finds the prisoner as follows:

Of the first specification to first charge, guilty.

Of the second specification to first charge, guilty.

Of the first charge, guilty.

Of the first specification to second charge, guilty.

Of the second specification to second charge, not guilty.

Of the second charge, guilty.

And does therefore sentence him, Stephen Bontwell, to imprisonment for the term of three years and that he be fined in the sum of $500.

Finding approved. Sentence mitigated to imprisonment during the war. Will be confined inmilitary prison at Alton.

John W. Montgomery.

CHARGE: Violating the laws of war.

Specification1. - In this, that the said John W. Montgomery did belong to a marauding or guerrilla band in the State of Missouri during the year 1861.

Specification 2. - In this, that the said John W. Montgomery did assail and attempt to kill one Isaac Gibbs by shooting at the said Isaac Gibbs, the ball passing through his overcoat, saddle-bags, saddle-skirts and lodging in his saddle-blanket, the said Isaac Giibs then being a loyal citizen of the United States and a resident of the State of Missouri. All this during the year 1861.

Specification 3. - In this, that the said John W. Montgomery didbelong to a marauding or guerrilla band and with others did attack loyal persons in the U. S. service and did shoot at men employed in the same at the same time killing one horse from under one of them, and by such acts did commit treasonable acts against the Government of the United States during the year 1861.

Specification 4. - In this, that the said John W. Montgomery did during the year 1861 commit treasonable acts toward the Government of the United State by firing sundry shots at persons that were in the service of the United States and that were loyal to the United States. This in the State of Missouri in the year 1861.

Specification 5. - In this, that the said John W. Montgomery did drive cattle to the secesh camp of Jeff. Thompson thereby committing treasonable acts toward the Government of the United States by furnishing aid to the said rebel camp. This during the year 1861 in the State of Missouri.

30 R R - SER II, VOL I

