
Specification 6. - In this, that the said John W. Montgomery did drive to the town of Benton, Mo., a number of cattle and did deliver said cattle to an officer in the rebel camp, the said cattle belonging to Mr. Ulrick, Mr. Beckel and others known to be loyal to the Government of the United States and residents of the State of Missouri. This during the year 1861.

Specification 7. - In this, that the said John W. Montgomery has given aid to the enemy by purchasing and driving cattle and delivering the same to the camp of the rebels during the year 1861 in the State of Missouri.

To which charge and specifications the prisoner pleaded not guilty.

The commission finds the prisoner as follows:

Of the first specification, not guilty.

Of the second specification, guilty.

Of the third specification, not guilty.

Of the fourth specification, guilty.

Of the fifth specification, guilty.

Of the sixth specification, guilty.

Of the seventh specification, guilty.

Of the charge, guilty.

And does therefore sentence him, John W. Montgomer, to pay a fine of $500 and imprisonment at hard labor during the term of the war.

Finding approved. Sentence mitigated to imprisonment at hard labor during the war. Until further orders the prisoner will be confined in the military prison at Alton.

I. N. Giddings.

CHARGE 1: Spy in the rebel service.

Specification. - In this, that I. N. Giddings was a spy in the employ of General Jeff. Thompson and did convey information to said Thompson relating to the movements of Federal troops. All this in the years of 1861 and 1862 in the state of Missouri.

CHARGE 2: Violating the laws of war.

Specification. - In this, that I. N. Giddings did co-operate with the rebels and did furnish them with horsesand other supplies to be used by said rebels against the Government of the United States. All this in the year A. D. 1861 in the State of Missouri.

To which charges and specifications the prisoner pleaded not guilty.

The commission finds the prisoner as follows:

Of the specification to first charge, not guilty.

Of the first charge, not guilty.

Of the specification to second charge, guilty.

Of the second charge, guilty.

Therefore sentence him, I. N. Giddings, to be imprisoned during the war.

Finding and sentence approved. Will be confined inmilitary prison at Alton.

Isaac T. Jones.

CHARGE: Giving aid to the enemy.

Specification 1. - In this, that Isaac T. Jones, a resident of Stoddard County and State of Missouri, did on or about the month of September, 1861, and in the State of Missouri buy cattle for the Southern army thereby giving aid to said enemy.

Specification 2. - In this, that Isaac T. Jones did on or about the month of September, 1861, and in the State of Missouri aid the enemy by informing him (the enemy) where Union men lived and encouraging the enemy to injure or threaten injury to them into the servie of the Southern army.

To which charge and specifications the prisoner pleaded as follows:

To the first specification, guilty.

To the second specification, not guilty.

To the charge, guilty.

The commission finds theprisoner guilty as charged and does therefore sentence him, Isaac T. Jones, to sixty-days; labor on the fortifications now being built at Cape Girardeau, Mo.

Finding and sentence approved. Sentence will be carried into effect by commanding officer at Cape Girardeau.

