
Johnson Cruse.

CHARGE 1: Robbery.

Specification. - In this, that the said Johnson Cruse did during the last of July, 1861, or during the first of August, 1861, forcibly and feloniously and without the consent of the owner take and drive away from the farm of the owner, Richard Elliott, of Bollinger County, Mo., about nineteen beef-cattle worth $300.

CHARGE 2: Lying in wait and shooting at Union men.

Specification. - In this, that said Johnson Cruse did lie in wait upon a farm in Bolinger County, Mo., on the last of July, 1861, or thefirst of August, 1861, and shoot at with intent to kill Joshua Smith and Elisha Null and John Null in the county and State aforesaid, said Joshua Smith, Elisha Null and John Null being Union men and citizens of the State of Missouri.

To which charges and specifications the prisoner pleaded not guilty.

The commission finds the prisoner guilty as charged and does therefore sentence him, Johnson Cruse, to imprisonment in the military prison during the war.

Finding and sentence approved. Prisoner will be transferred to the military prison at Alton.

Joseph Bollinger.

CHARGE 1: TReasonable acts toward the Government of the United States.

Specification 1. - In this, that the said Joseph Bollinger was heretofore, to wit, on or about the 1st of October, A. D. 1861, a member of an unlawful band of individuals known as Jefferson Thompson's men in the State of Missouri, enemies and traitors to the Government of the United States.

Specification 2. - In this, that the said Joseph Bollinger heretofore, to wit, on the 1st of September, A. D. 1861, at and within the State of Missouri furnished aid and comfort to the enemy; in this, that the said Bollinger at the time aforesaid accompanied a certain officer of General Pillow's command pointing out to said officer where he could get horses and at said time and with said officer took a horse from one Daniel Smith, a loyal citizen of the United States and resident of the State of Missouri, compelling said Smith to accept in consideration therefor a certain currency known as scrip to the said Smith worthless.

CHARGE 2: Robbing and plundering the property of loyal citizens.

Specification. - In this, that the said Joseph Bollinger with others unknown on the 1st of october, A. D. 1861, in the county of Stoddard and State of missouri forcibly and without his consent took and drove away one yoke of oxen, the property of one George Kunkle, then a loyal citizen of the United Sttaes and resident of the State of Missouri aforesaid.

CHARGE 3: Unlawful killing of a loyal citizen of the United States.

Specification. - In this, that the said Joseph Bollinger heretofore, to wit, on or about the last day of August, A. D. 1861, or the 1st day of September, A. D. 1861, with divers others unknown in the county of Stoddard or the county of Cape Girardeau and State of Missouri, did unlawfully and with malice aforethought kill one John Crowder, a loyal citizen of the United States and a resident of the State of Missouri.

CHARGE 4: Threatening to kll or hang a Union man.

Specification. - In this, that the said Joseph Bollinger did on ir about the month of June, 1861, threaten to kill or hang said James Ritley.

To which charges and specifications the prisoner pleaded not guilty.

The commission finds the prisoner as follows:

Of the first specification to first charge, guilty.

Of the second specification to first charge, not guilty.

Of the first charge, guilty.

Of the specification to second charge, not guilty.

Of the second charge, not guilty.

Of the specification to third charge, not guilty.

Of the third charge, not guilty.

Of the specification to fourth charge, not guilty.

Of the fourth charge, guilty.

And does therefore sentence him, Joseph Bollinger, of the county of Stoddard, State of Missouri, that he be fined $100 and be required to give a bond of $1,000 and with goon and sufficient security approved by the proper authority for his good and loyal conduct during the war.

