
The prisoner having been acquitted of the only specification to charge four should have been acquitted of the charge. The finding and sentence approved expect as above and so much as includes the fine of $100. The prisoner will be confined in Alton prison until satisfactory bond is given.

George C. Chandler.

CHARGE 1: Robbing and plundering the property of a Union man.

Specification. - In this, that the said George C. Chandler, aresident of Bollinger County and State of Missouri, did on or about the 5th day of January, 1862, with others taken and kill about eight head of fat hogs belonging to R. Elliott worth about $48. All this in the county of Bollinger and State of Missouri.

CHARGE 2: Threatening to kill a Union man.

Specification. - In this, that the said George C. Chandler, a resident of Bollinger County and State of Missouri, did on or about the 5th day of January, 1862, threaten tokill one Charles Butler, a Union man and resident of Bollinger County and State of Missouri.

To which charges and spcifications the prisoner pleaded not guilty.

The commission finds the prisoner as follows:

Of the specification to first charge, not guilty.

Of the first charge, not guilty.

Of the specification to second charge, not guilty.

Of the second charge, not guilty.

And does therfroe acquit him, George C. Chandler, of the charges and specifications preferred against him.

Finding and acquittal approved. George C. Chandler will be released from arrest.

II. At the military commission which convened at Fulton, Mo., pursuant to Special Order, Numbers 62, of January 20, 1862, from the headquarters Departmentof the Missouri, and of which Captain Emanuel Mayne, Third Iowa Cavalry, is president, were arraigned and tried:

John Salie.

CHARGE: Giving aid and comfort to rebels and furnishing supplies to rebels and rebel recruits.

Specification. - In this, that said John Sallie at the country of Callaway in the State of Missouri on the 25th day of December, 1861, did furnish a team to haul supplies to recruits then assembled or about to assemble in or near Concord in said county and State, for the purpose of joining the rebel army commanded by General Sterling Price, and the wagon and teamof said Sallie were used to haul supplies to said recruits with his knowledge and consent, and the said Sallie himself contributed toward making up said supplies four pieces of meat and conducted the said team and supplies to the rebel recruits.

To which charge and specification the prisoner pleaded not guilty.

The commission finds the prisoner guilty of the charge and specification, and does therefore sentence him, John Sallie, to pay a fine of $500 and costs of prosecution and that he be imprisoned until said fine and costs are paid and he takes and subscribed the usual oath of allegiance.

Finding approved. Sentence mitigated to imprisonment until such time as he, John Sallie, shall give bond in the sum of $1,000 to keep the peace as against the Government of the United States and that he take and subscribe the oath of allegiance.

Jefferson Trimble, alias Thomas Jefferson Trimble.

CHARGE: Giving aid and comfort to the rebels, furnishing them tents, provisions and other supplies.

Specification 1. - In this, that Jefferson Trimble alias Thomas Jefferson Trimble, at the county of Callaway in the State of Missouri on or about the 20th day of December, 1861, did make and cause and permit to be made at his house one field tent to be given to and used by the rebels and the rebel recruits about that time raising in said county for Price's rebel army; and the said Trimble did contribute toward the

