
purchased of thematerial for the said tent; and did contribute flour, meat and other provisions for the rebels and rebel recruits and did go about over the neighborhood soliciting supplies for said recruits; and did have supplies of provisions brought to his house; and did load sait tent, supplies andprovisions into a wagon and did finding and seizing same; and did start with said supplies to the rebels and a camp of rebel recuits in or near Concord and was only prevented from going the whole distance with said supplies to join said recuits by a sudden and severe attack of sickness.

Specification 2. - In this, that said Thomas J. Trimble at the county aforesaid about the 1st of December, 1861, did colisit recruits for the rebel army and advise and colicit persons to join the rebel army, and sis enlist himself and start to join the rebel army under General Price and was only prevented from so doing by a sudden and severe attack of sickness.

To which charge and specification the prisoner pleaded not guilty.

The commission finds the prisoner, Jefferson Trimble, alias Thomas Jefferson Trimble, as follows:

Of the first specification, guilty, expect the words "and the said Trimble did contriute toward the purchase of the material for said tent, and did contribute flour, meat and other provisions for the rebels and rebel recruits and did go about over the neighborhood soliciting supplies for said recruits. "

Of the second specification, not guilty.

Of the charge, guilty.

And does therefore sentence him to pay a fine of $500 and in default of the payment thereof to be improfised during the war.

Sentence disapproved. The commission had no authority to conficate private property not contraband of war. Jefferson Trimble, alias Thomas Jefferson Trimble, will be imprisoned during the war in military prison at Alton.

III. At the military commission which convened at Pacific, Mo., pursuant to Special Orders, Numbers 35, of January 12, 1862, from the headquarters Department of the Missouri, and of which Captain A. W. Drips, Ninth Iowa Volunteers, is president, were arrainged and tried:

Langston T. Goode.

CHARGE 1: Violation of the laws of war.

Specification. - In this, that he, Langston T. Goode, did attempt to shoot soldiers of the volunteer force in the service of the United States when said soldiers were attempting to arrest him, the said Goode, in obedience to the commands of their superior officers. This is Franklin County, State of Missouri, on or about the 24th day of November, 1861, and in violation of the laws of war.

CHARGE 2: Encouraging and promoting rebellion against the Government of the United States.

Specification. - In this, that he, Langston T. Goode, did aid in forming a military company for the purpose of making war upon the Government of the United States and was himself a member of said military company. This is Franklin County, Mo., on or about the months of April or May in the year 1861 in violation of the laws of war.

To which charges and specifications the prisoner pleaded not guilty.

The commission finds the prisoner as follows:

Of the first specification, not guilty.

Of the second specification, guilty.

Of the charge, guilty.

And does therefore sentence him, Langston T. Goode, to forfeit all the money and property taken from him by Federal soldiers and now in possession of the Government and that he be detained as a prisoner at hard labor until the close of the present war.

Finding and sentence dissaproved. While the commission evidently intended to convict the accused of charge 2 and its specification it failed to do so definitely. The evidence clearly established the active disloyalty of the prisoner and he will be retained in custody until he takes the oath of allegiance and gives bond for future good conduct.

