
Stephen Sullivan.

The commission finds the prisoner, Stephen Sullivan, guilty of the charges and specifications and does therefore sentence him to pay a fine of $5,000 and to forfeit to the United States all the property seized at the time of his capture or arrest and now in possession of the Government.

Fiding and sentence dissaproved, no charge or specification being embodied in the record. Stephen Sullivan will be released from arrest upon taking the oath of allegiance and giving bond of $5,000 for future good conduct and loyalty to the Government.

IV. At the military commission which convened at Warrenton, Mo., pursuant to Special Orders, Numbers 118, of February 6, 1862, from the headquarters Department of the Missouri, and of which Captain E. H. Henry, Tenth Missouri Volunteers, is president, were arraigned and tried:

Joseph Sublett.

CHARGE 1: Firing into a train of cars.

Specification. - In this, that Joseph Sublett together with one John Hubbard did on or about the 20th day of July, 1861, at or near the town of Jonesburg, Montgomery County, Mo., on the North Missouri Railroad fire a gun or guns into and upon a train of railroad cars containing U. S. troops whereby one or more of said troops were killed.

CHARGE 2: Conspiring with parties to fire into train of railroad cars.

Specification. - In this, that he, the said Joseph Sublett, did on or about the 20th day of July, 1861, at High Hill, Montgomery County, Mo., conspire with Jacob Curtis, Thomas Williams, John Greenwell and other persons unknown to go to Jonesburg and attack, and fire into the train on the North Missouri Railroad and upon U. S. troops therein.

To which charges and specifications the prisoner pleadeed not guilty.

The commission finds the prisoner as follows:

Of the specification to first chargem guilty, expect the words "whereby one or more of said troops were killed. "

Of the first charge, guilty.

Of the specification to second charge, guilty.

Of the second charge, guilty.

And does therefore sentence him, Joseph Sublett, to close confinement at hard labor at such place as the commanding general may direct during the war.

Finding and sentence approved. The commission having recommended the prisoner to the clemency of the commanding general that part of the sentence relating to hard labor is remitted. The prisoner will be confined at Alton prison during the war.

William Lisk.

CHARGE 1: Violation of the laws of war.

Specification. - In this, that he, William Lisk, a citizen of Warren County, State of Missouri, did on or about July 20, 1862, in said county furnish voluntarily one gun to Jacob Cuties to be used in firing upon a train of railroad cars bearing U. S. troops.

CHARGE 2: Aiding and abetting rebellion against the Government and laws of the United States.

Specification 1. - In this, that he, William Lisk, a citizen of Warren County in the State of Missouri, did on or about the 1st day of July, 1861, in Montgomery County, Mo., offer to give one horse, saddle and gun to Joseph Sublett to take up arms against the Government and laws of the United States.

Specification 2. - In this, that he, William Lisk, did on or about the 30th day of July, 1861, in said county offer to hire and induce Joseph Sublett by money and bribes to take up arms against the United States.

To which charges and specifications the prisoner pleaded not guilty.

The commission finds the prisoner, William Lisk, guilty of the charges and specifications and does therefore sentence him to close confinement at hard labor during the war at such place as the commanding general may direct.

