
Finding and sentence approved. Sentence will be carried into effect at military prison at Alton. Ill. Until further orders prisoner will be confined in Alton prison.

By command of Major-General Halleck:

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 12. Saint Louis, March 28, 1862.

* * * * *

III. At the military commission which convened at Pilot Knob, Mo., pursuant to Special Orders, Numbers 84, of December 22, 1861, from the headquarters Department of the Missouri, and of which Colonel Conrad Baker, First Indiana Cavalry, is president, were arrainged and tried:

James McClurg.

CHARGE; Murder.

Specification 1. - In this, that he, the said James McClurg did on the 26th day of August, A. D. 1861, at and within the county of Iron and State of Missouri unlawfully, wickedly, maliciously and in violation of the laws of war shoot kill and murder one Jacob Woolford a loyal citizen of the United States of America.

Specification 2. - In this, that he, the said James McClurg, on the 26th day of August, A. D. 1861, at and within the county of Iron and State of Missouri did maliciously, wiskedly, feloniously and in violation of the laws of war stand by, advise, aid and assist in the killing and murder of one Jacob Woolford a loyal citizen of the United States of America.

To which charge and specifications the prisoner pleaded not guilty.

The commission finds the prisoner, James McClurg, guilty as charged and does therefore sentence him to be shot to death at such time and place as the major-general commanding the Department of the Missouri may order and direct.

Fiding approved and the sentence will be carried into effect at such time and place as the general commanding the departmentmay hereafter designate. In the meantime theprisoner will be confined in a cell of Alton prison.

James Stout.

CHARGE: Murder.

Specification 1. - In this, that he, the said James Stout, did on the 26th day of August, A. D. 1861, at and within the county of Iron and State of Missouri unlawfully, wicledly, maliciously and in violation of the laws of war shoot, kill and murder one Jacob Woolford a loyal citizen of the United States of America.

Specification 2. - In this, that he, the said James Stout, on the 26th day of August, A. D. 1861, at and within the county of Iron and State of Missouri did maliciously, wickedly, feloniously andin violation of the laws of war stand by, advise, aid and assist in the killing andmurder of one Jacob Woolford a liyal citizen of the United States of America.

To which charge and specifications the prisoner pleaded not guilty.

The commission finds the prisoner, James Stout, guilty as charged and does therefore sentence him to be shot to death at such time and place as may be appointed and ordered by the major-general commanding the Department of the Missouri.

Finding approved. The sentence awarded will be carried into effect at such time and place as the major-general commanding shall hereafter designate. In the meantime the prisoner will be confined in a cell of Alton prison.

By commandof Major-General Halleck:

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

