
the lines occupied by the lawfully authorized military forces of the United States did unlawfully and of his own wrong take up arms as an insurgent and commit acts of hostility against the said military forces, the said James Penn not then and there being a soldier belonging to any lawfully authorized and organized military forces at war with the United States and without being thereto lawfully commanded by any competent civil or military authority, contrary to the laws and customs of war on like cases.

To which charge and specification the prisoner pleaded not guity.

The commission finds the prisoner, James Penn, guilty of the charge and specification and does therefore sentence him to be confined and imprisoned at hard labor during the war at such place as the commanding general may direct.

Fiding approved. The sentence will be mitigated to confinement during the present war in themilitary prison at Alton.

Robert Hawkins.

CHARGE 1: Destroying railroad and railroad property.

Specification. - In this, that the said Robert HAwkins on or about the 20th day of December, A. D. 1861, in the county of Montgomery in the State of Missouri and within the lines occupied by the duly authorized military forces of the United States did wilfully, unlawfully and maliciously tear up, burn and destroy the rails, railroad track, ties, bridges, depots and other buildings the property of the North Missouri Railroad Company (so called) contrary to the laws and customs of war in like cases.

CHARGE 2: Destroying telegraph lines.

Specification. - In this, that the said Robert Hawkins on or about the 20th day of December, 1861, in the county of Montgomery in the State of Missouri and within the lines occupied by the military forces of the United States did wilfully, unlawfully andmaliciously cut down, burn and destroy the telegraph wires, poles and offices of the U. S. military telegraph along the line of the North Missouri Railroad in said county. All this in the county of Montgomery in the State of Missouri contrary to the laws and customs of war on like cases.

To which charges and specifications the prisoner pleaded not guilty.

The commission finds the prisoner, Robert Hawkins, guilty of the charges and specifications and does therefore sentence him to be shot to death at such time and place as the commanding general shall direct.

Finding and sentence approved. The commission having recommended the prisoner to the clemency of the commanding general the sentence will be mitigated to imprisonment during thewar in the military prison at Alton, Ill.

William J. Norris.

CHARGE 1: Destroying railroad and railroad property.

Specification. - In this, that the said William J. Norris on or about the 20th day of December, A. D. 1861, in the county of Montgomery in the State of Missouri and within the lines occupied by the military forces of the United States did unlawfully, wilfully and maliciously tear up, burn and destroy the railroad track, ties, bridges, depots and other property of the North Missouri Railroad Company (so called) contrary to the laws and customs of war inlike cases.

CHARGE 2: Destroying telegraph lines.

Specification. - In this, that the said William J. Norris on or about the 20th day of December, 1861, in the county of Montgomery in the State of Missouri and within the lines occupied by the military forces of the United States did wilfully, unlawfully and maliciously cut down, burn and destroy the telegraph poles, wires and offices of the U. S. military telegraph along the line of the North Missouri Railroad in the county of Montgomery in the State of Missouri contrary to the laws and customs of war inlike cases.

To which charges and specifications the prisoner pleaded guilty.

The commission finds the prisoner guilty as charge and does therefore sentence him. William J. Norris, to be shot to death at such time and place as the commanding general may direct.

Fiding and sentence approved. The commission having recommended the prisoner to mercy the sentence will be mitigated to imprisonment during the war in the military prison at Alton, Ill.

