
Edward Wingfield.

CHARGE 1: Aiding and abetting in the destruction of railroad and telegraph lines.

Specification. - In this, that the said Edward Wingfield on or about the 20th day of December, 1861, at the county of Montgomery in the State of Missouri and within the lines occupied by the military forces of the United States did unlawfully meet and assemble with certain bands of armed men anddid then and there advise and counsel the destruction of the North Missouri Railroad (so called), and did further then and there assist and abet the said persons in the destructive of the track, bridges and buildings of the said railroad by furnishing them with tools, implements, horses and other assistance contrary to the laws and customs of war in like cases.

CHARGE 2: Inciting unlawful warfare.

Specification. - In this, that the said Edward Wingfield on or about the 20th day of December, 1861, at the county of Montgomery in the State of Missouri and within the lines occupied by the forces of the United States did unlawfully meet together with divers other evil-disposed persons and did then and there incite, Induce and procure the said persons to take up arms and to commit acts of hostility against the property of the United States and the property and persons in the peace and protection of said United States contrary to the laws and customsof war inlike cases.

To which charges and specifications the prisoner pleaded not guilty.

The commission finds the prisoner guilty as charged and does therefore sentence him, Edward Wingfield, to pay to the North Missouri Railroad Company the sumof $5,000 and to be confined and imprisoned at hard labor during the war.

Fiding approved. Sentence will be mitigated to imprisonment until such time as the prisoner shall take theoath of allegiance and give bond in $5,000 for future good conduct and loyalty to the Government.

John R. Williams.

CHARGE 1: Acting as a spy.

Specification. - In this, that the said John R. Williams on or about the 1st day of August, 1861, at the county of Montgomery and other places did wilfully and secretly enter the lines occupied by the regularly organized forces of the United States as a spy in the employ of enemies at war with the said United States and did for a long time thereafter act in the character of a spy giving information to the said enemies contrary to the laws and customs of war in like cases.

CHARGE 2: Destroying railroad and railroad property.

Specification. - In this, that the said John R. Williams on or about the 20th day of December, 1861, in the counties of Montgomery and Audrian in the State of Missouri and within the lines occupied by the lawfully organized forces of the United States did unlawfully, wilfully and maliciously tear up, burn and destroy the rails, railroad track, ties, bridges, depots and other buildings and property of the North Missouri Railroad Company (so called) contrary to the laws and customs of war in like cases.

CHARGE 3: Violation of the laws and customs of war.

Specification. - In this, that the said John R. Williams on or about the 20th day of December, 1861, at the county of Montgomery in the State of Missouri and at other times and places within the lines occupied by the lawfully authorized military forces of the United States did unlawfully and of his own wrong take up arms as an insurgent and commit acts of hostility against the said military forces and against the persons and property of peaceable citizens of the United States, the said John R. Williams not then and there being a soldier belonging to any lawfully authorized and organized military forces at war with the United States and without being thereto lawfully commanded by any competent civil or military authority contrary to the laws and customs of war in like cases.

To which charges and specifications the prisoner pleaded not guilty.

The commission finds the prisoner as follows:

Of the specificationto first charge, not guilty.

Of the first charge, not guilty.

Of the specification to secind charge, not guilty.

Of the second charge, not guilty.

Of the specification to third charge, guilty.

Of the third charge, guilty.

And does therefore sentence him, John R. Williams, to be confined and imprisoned at hard labor during the war at such place as the commanding general may appoint.

