
Finding approved. The sentence will be mitigated to imprisonment during the present war in the military prison at Alton.

Jefefrson F. Jones.

CHARGE 1: Aiding and abetting in the destruction of railroad and telegraph lines.

Specification. - In this, that the said Jefferson F. Jones on or about the 20th day of December, A. D. 1861, in the county of Callaway in the State of Missouri and within the lines occupied by the lawfully authorized military forces of the United States did willfully and unlawfully assemble and meet with one Jamison and other bands of armed men and did then and there counsel and advise the destruction of the North Missouri Railroad (so called) and the U. S. military telegraph line along the line of said railroad, anddid further then and there assist and abet the said persons in the destruction of the track and bridges of said railroad and the poles and wires of the said telegraph line of furnishing said Jamison and others with tools, implements, horses and other assistance contrary to the laws and customs of war in like cases.

CHARGE 2: Inciting, aiding, and abetting insurrection.

Specification. - In this, that the said Jefferson F. Jones on or about the 20th day of December, A. D. 1861, in the county of Callaway in the State of Missouri and within the lines occupied by the lawfully and unlawfully meet together with one Jamison and divers other evil-disposed persons and did ten and there incite and procure the said persons to take up arms and commit acts of hostility against the military forces of the United States and against property and persons in the peace and protection of the said United States, and did further aid and abet said persons in the commission of these wrongs by furnishing them arms, subsistence and other assistance contrary to the laws and customs of war in like cases.

CHARGE 3: Acting as a spy and holding unlawful communication with the enemy.

Specification. - In this, that the said Jefferson F. Jones on or about the 19th day of December, A. D. 1861, and for a long time prior thereto and while residing within the lines occupied by the lawfully organized military forces of the United States di secretly and unlawfully hold communication and correspondence with the enemies at war with the said United States with intent to aid and assist the said enemies contrary to the laws and customs of war in like cases.

To which charges and specifications the prisoner pleaded not guilty.

The commission finds the prisoner, Jefferson F. Jones, not guilty of the charges and specifications and does therefore acquit him.

Finding anc acquittal approved. Jeferson F. Jones will be released from arrest upon his taking the oath of allegiance and giving bonds for future good conduct.

By command of Major-General Halleck:

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 19. Camp, Pittsburg Landing, Tenn., April 24, 1862.

I. At the military commission which convened at Warrenton, Mo., pursuant to Special Orders, Numbers 118, of February 6, 1862, from the headquarters Department of the Missouri, and of which Captain E. H. Henry, Tenth Missouri Volunteers, is president, were arraigned and tried:

* * * * *

Francis Skinner.

CHARGE 1: Violation of the laws of war.

Specification 1. - In this, that he, Francis Skinner, a citizen of Mongtomery County, Mo., did in said county on or about the 10th day of June, 1861, counsel, invite and request Robert Skiner, John Skinner, Elmer Stowe and other persons unknown to burn and destroy the North Missouri Railroad to prevent the passage of U. S. troops thereon.

