
Specification 2. - In this, that the said Francis Skinner did in said county on or about the last day of July, 1861, make and cause to be made a certain arrangement, viz, a ditch or hole in the ground with pieces of timber prepared to be placed upright in said hole or ditch in such manner as to extend above the ties and railing on the North Missouri Railroad in said county in order to throw from said railroad the train bearing U. S. troops, and did then and there have and procure a number of men, about forty, with guns to fire upon said troops so thrown from the railroad.

CHARGE 2: Aiding and abetting rebellion against the Government and laws of the United States.

Specification 1. - In this, that he, Francis Skinner, a citizen of Montgomery County, Mo., did in said county on or about the 10th day of May, 1861, counsel, invite, request and procure Robert Skinner, Carelton Tennehill, William Nunly, Thomas Nunly, James Woody, Thomas Miller, Joseph Custer and other persons unknown to wave and unfurl publicly a secession flag in High Hill in said county.

Specification 2. - In this, that he, the said Francis Skinner, a citizen of said county, did in said county on or about the 27th day of October, 1861, counsel, advise and urge that all Union men should be compelled to leave that part of the country.

Specification 3. - In this, that he, the said Francis Skinner, being a citizen of said county did in said county on or about the 5th day of December, 1861, offer to furnish one mule ready shod to any man who wanted to join and aid Price's army.

Specification 4. - In this, that he, the said Francis Skinner, a citizen of said county, did in said county on or about the 16th day of September, 1861, give two guns, two mules and a certain quantity of money, amount unknown, to two men unknown to use in aid of Price's army.

To which charges and specifications the prisoner pleaded not guilty.

The commission finds the prisoner as follows:

Of the first specification, first charge, not guilty.

Of the second specification, first charge, not guilty.

Of the first charge, not guilty.

Of the first specification, second charge, not guilty.

Of the second, third and fourth specifications, second charge, guilty.

And does therefore sentence him, Francis Skinner, to pay a fine of $2,000 for the use and benefit of the United States at such time and place as the commanding general may direct.

Finding approved; the sentence disapproved. The commission had no authority to confiscate private property not contraband of war. Francis Skinner will be retained in custody until he take and subscribe the oath of allegiance and give bond in $5,000 for future good conduct and loyalty to the Government.

II. At the military commission which convened at Columbia, Mo., pursuant to Special Orders, Numbers 160, of February 20, 1862, from the headquarters Department of the Missouri, and of which Lieutenant Colonel William F. Shaffer, Regiment Merrill's Horse, is president, w ere arraigned and tried:

Calvin Sartain.

CHARGE: Violation of the laws of war by attacking a vessel transporting U. S. troops.

Specification 1. - In this, that the said Calvin Sartain, a citizen of Howard County, Mo., did shoot and discharge a loaded gun at and into the steamer White Cloud, which said steamer was being used for the transportation of troops of the United States on the Missouri River; and the said Sartain did thereby with malice aforethought kill and murder a certain person whose name is unknown, the pilot of said boat. This near the Missouri River in Howard County, Mo., on or about the 25th day of August, 1861.

Specification 2. - In this, that the said Calvin Sartain, a citizen of Howard County, Mo., did aid and abet certain persons whose names are unknown in an armed attack upon the steamer White Cloud, which said steamer was engaged in the transportation of U. S. troops on the Missouri River. This near the Missouri River in Howard County, Mo., on or about the 25th day of August, 1861.

To which charge and specifications the prisoner pleaded not guilty.

The commission finds the prisoner as follows:

On the first specification, guilty, except as to the murder and killing of a certain person whose name is unknown, the pilot of the boat.

