
Of the second specification, guilty.

Of the charge, guilty.

And does therefore sentence him, Calvin Sartain, to be shot to death at such time and place as the commanding general of this department may direct.

Finding and sentence approved. sentence will be carried into effect at a time and place to be hereafter designated by the general commanding this department. In the meantime the prisoner will be confined in the military prison at Alton.

James W. Barnes.

CHARGE: Violation of the laws of war by attacking the dwelling of a citizen of the State of Missouri with the intent to murder the occupants of a said house.

Specification 1. - In this, that the said James W. Barnes on the 13th day of December, 1861, with certain other persons unknown attacked the dwelling-house of one Thomas H. Keene in Boone County, Mo., and with guns and pistols attempted to murder the occupants of said house. All this at Boone County, Mo.

Specification 2. - In this, that on the 13th day of December, 1861, the said James W. Barnes, a citizen of Boone County, Mo., did make an assault upon one Luther B. Caldwell, a citizen of Missouri, with intent to kill and murder the said Caldwell. All this at the county of Boone, State of Missouri.

Specification 3. - In this, that on the 13th day of December, 1861, the said James W. Barnes did incite certain persons unknown to make an armed attack upon the dwelling-house of one Thomas H. Keene, a citizen of Missouri, with the intent to murder occupants of said house. All this at Boone County, Mo.

To which charge and specifications the prisoner pleaded not guilty.

The Commission finds the prisoner guilty as charged, and does therefore sentence him, James W. Barnes, to be shot to death at such time and place as the commanding general of this department may direct.

Finding and sentence approved. Sentence will be carried into effect at a time and place to be hereafter designated by the general commanding this department. In the meantime the prisoner will be confined in the military prison at Alton.

Matthew Thompson.

CHARGE 1: Aiding and abetting in the destruction of property of the North Missouri Railroad Company.

Specification 1. - In this, that Matthew Thompson, a citizen of Boone County, Mo., did aid and abet by his presence among and joined with a band of armed men who were then and there engaged in the destruction by fire or otherwise of certain rails, ties, bridges and timbers belonging to and necessary to the use of the North Missouri Railroad Company in the transaction of their ordinary and legitimate business. All this at or near the town of Mexico, Mo., on or about the 21st day of December, 1861.

CHARGE 2: Violation of the laws of war by joining, aiding and assisting a band of robbers and bandits.

Specification 1. - In this, that Matthew Thompson did in company with one Cobb and other persons join a band of desperadoes whose object was plunder and robbery, and that the said Thompson for a long space of time, viz, from about the 1st day of November, 1861, taking advantage of the unsettled condition of the country has been joined with, aiding and assisting said band in the commission of acts of plunder, robbery and abuse of the citizens of the State of Missouri.

Specification 2. - In this, that the said Matthew Thompson did on the 21st day of December, 1861, attempt to steal and take away from one Conrad Pewlis, a citizen of Missouri, one horse to be appropriated to the use of said band of robbers and bandits. This at the house of said Conrad Pewlis in Audrain County, Mo.

To which charges and specifications the prisoner pleaded not guilty.

The commission finds the prisoner, Matthew Thompson, guilty ad charged, and does therefore sentence him to be hanged to death at such time and place as the commanding general of this department may direct.

Finding and sentence approved. Sentence will be carried into effect at such time and place as may be hereafter designated by the general commanding this department. In the meantime the prisoner will be confined in the military prison at Alton.

