
III. At the same military commission, Colonel Lewis Merrill, Regiment Merrill's Horse, president, were arraigned and tried:

John E. Waller.

CHARGE: Violation of the laws of war by aiding and assisting in the arrest and imprisonment of a citizen of the United States within the lines of the U. S. forces.

Specification. - In this, that John E. Walker on or about the 23 day of December, 1861, in Boone County, Mo, and within the lines of the U. S. forces did with certain other persons wrongfully and violently arrest, search and imprison one Perry C. Jeffrey, a citizen of the United States and of the State of Missouri, the said Waller then and there not being a member of any regular military oranization.

To which charge and specification the prisoner pleaded not guilty.

The commission finds the prisoner, John E. Waller, as follows:

Of the specification finds the facts as set forth expect the words "wrongfully and violently," and the words "the said Waller then and there not being a member of any regular military organization. "

Of the charge, not guilty.

And does therefore acquit him.

Fiding and acquittal approved. John E. Waller will be released from arrest upon him taking and subscribing the oath of allegiance and giving bond for his future good conduct and loyalty to the Government.

Owen C. Hickman.

CHARGE: Violation of the laws of war.

Specification 1. - In this, that the said Owen C. Hickman did assault one John Quinn, a citizen of the United States and of the State of Missouri, with intent feloniously to kill and murder said John Quinn. This within the lines of the U. S. forces at Boone County, Mo., on or about the 1st of January, 1862.

Specification 2. - In this, that the said Owen C. Hickman did threaten to kill and murder one James Smallwood, a citizen of the United States and of the State of Missouri, the said Smallwood being engaged in recruiting men to serve in the armies of the United States. This at Boone County, Mo., on or about the 1st day of December, 1861.

Specification 3. - In this, that the said Owen C. Hickman did give clothing and goods to certain persons to be by them appropriated to the use of persons in rebellion against the lawfully constituted government of the United States. This within the lines of the U. S. forces, at Boone County, Mo., about December 9, 1861.

Specification 4. - In this, that he, Owen C. Hickman, for a long time past, viz, for four months, has been threatening the lives of citizens of the United States with intent to further and assist the existing rebellion against the Government of the United States. This within the U. S. lines at Boone County, Mo.

To which charge and specifications the prisoner pleaded not guilty.

The commission finds the prisoner, Owen C. Hickman, guilty as charge and does therefore sentence him to be shot to death at such time and place as the general commanding this department may direct.

Fiding and sentence approved. The sentence will be carried into effect at such time and place as may be hereafter designated by the general commanding this department. In the meantime the prisoner will be confined in the military prison at Alton.

Aroswell D. Severance.

CHARGE: Violation of the laws of war.

Specification. - In this, that Aroswell D. Severance did on or about the 23rd day of January, 1862, steal and carry away from the possession of one Thomas Throckmorton, a citizen of the United States, one gray stallion being the property of said Throckmorton. This at or near Monticello, Lewis County, Mo.

To which charge and specification the prisoner pleaded not guilty.

The commission findst the prisoner guilty as charged and does therefore sentence him, Aroswell D. Severance, to shot to death at such time and place as the commanding general of this department may direct.

Fiding and sentence approved. The sentence will be mitigated to imprisonment during the war in the military prison at Alton.

