
IV. At the military commission which convened at Fulton, Mo., pursuant to Special Orders, Numbers 62, of January 20, 1862, from the headquarters Department of the Missouri, and of which Captain E. Mayne is president, were arraingned and tried:

Austin Brewner.

CHARGE: Administering intoxicating liquors to soldiers.

Specification. - In this, that Austin Brewner on the 7thday of March, 1862, andon divers days before that time at the county of Callaway, Mo., at a military camp in said county did sell and administer to Rawley Shaw, Black, George F. Greenough, Murray and kino and divers other persons unknown, being soldiers in the volunteer service of the United States, intoxicating liquors, to wit, whisky and brandy, contrary to martial law then prevailing in the State of Missouri and in violation of the laws of war.

To which charge and specification the prisoner pleaded guilty.

The commission finds the prisoner guilty as charged, and does therefore sentence him, Austin Brewner, to pay a fine of $25 and in default of payment to be imprisoned thirty days.

Finding and sentence approved.

Henry Willing.

CHARGE 1: Aiding in the destruction of the North Missouri Railroad.

Specification. - In this, that the said Henry Willing on the night of the 20th December, 1861, with other parties unknown did unlawfully within the Military District of North Missouri destroy and burn a portion of the ties and rails forming the north Missouri Railroad. This in violating of martial law prevailing in the State of Missouri.

CHARGE 2: Giving aid and comfort to railroad and bridge-burnes.

Specification. - In this, that the said Henry Willing did on the night of the 20th of December, 1861, by his presence and advice give aid, comfort and assistance to a party of armed men who on the night of the 20th of December, 1861, did destroy a portion of the North Missouri Railroad. This is violation of martial law then prevailing in the State of Missouri.

CHARGE 3: Accessory before the fact to the destruction of the track and bridges of the North Missouri Railroad.

Specification. - In this, that said Henry Willing at the county of Callaway, State of Missouri, on the 18th day of December, 1861, and at divers days before and after that date did solicit, persuade and induce divers whose names are unknown to go to the track of the North Missouri Railroad in Audrian County, Mo., on the 20th day of December, 1861, and then and there to destroy, aid and assist in burning and otherwise destroying the track of said road and the bridges thereon. This in violation of martial law prevailing in the State of Missouri.

CHARGE 4: In giving aid and comfort to the rebellion.

Specification. - In this, that the said Henry Willing in Callaway County, Mo., did on divers days from the 1st of september, 1861, until the 1st of January, 1862, colicit H. W. Riley, Company E. Third Iowa Cavalry, anddivers other persons unknown to enlist in the rebel service under General Sterling Price, and did on divers days between the times aforesaid use his unfluence to get persons unknown to engaged in the rebel service by making false representations to them in violation of the laws of war.

CHARGE 5: Being a bad and dangerous man.

Specification. - In this, that the said Willing has been a notorious rebel and during the times aforesaid and still is and was engaged in tearing up railroad tracks and burning bridges andmaking war upon private and peaceable citizens and soliciting men to rebel against their country in violation of the laws of war.

To which charges and specifications the accused pleaded not guilty.

The commission finds the prisoner as follows:

Of the specification the accused pleaded not guilty.

The commission finds the prisoner as follows:

Of the specification to first charge, not guilty.

Of the first charge, guilty.

Of the specification to second charge, guilty.

Of the second charge, guilty.

Of the specification to third charge, guilty.

Of the third charge, guilty.

Of the specification to fourth charge, guilty.

Of the fourth charge, guilty.

