
To the second charge and its specification, guilty.

To the third charge and its specification, not guilty.

The commission finds the prisoner as follows:

Of the first charge and its specification, guilty.

Of the second charge and its specification, guilty.

Of the third charge and its specification, not guilty.

And does therefore sentence him, James P. Snedicor, to be shot to death at such time and place as the commanding general of this department may direct.

Fiding and sentence approved. The sentence will be carried into effect at such time and place as may be herafter designated by the general commanding the department. In the meantime the prisoner will be confined in the military prison at Alton.

Samuel Jamerson.

CHARGE: Furnishing supplies to the enemies of the Federal Government and giving them aid and comfort.

Specification 1. - In this, that said Samuel Jamerson at the county of Callaway, State of Missouri, during the months of September, October, November and December, 1861, did make, aid, cause and permit to be made at his house a large quantity of clothing, towit coast, pants, vests and drawers, made for and given to Pyne, Harris, Jamerson and divers others whose names are unknown who were and are rebels and enemies of the Federal Government and who have been in arms against said Government and who were and are in open rebellion against said Government; and the clothing so made by and at the house of said Jamerson and with his knowledge, advice and consent was intended to be given and was given to said rebels to aid and comfort them in their rebellion against the Government, and the said Jamerson furnished all or part of the cloth and other materials to make said clothing.

Specification 2. - In this, that said Jamerson did aid andassist in taking from the Lunatic Asylum at Fulton, Mo., a large quantity of blankets, to with 1,000, the property of the State of Missouri, which said blankets after they were so taken from said asylum by the assistance, knowledge and consent of said Samuel Jamerson were by the assistance, advice, knowledge and consent of said Jamerson given to persons unknown and in arms against the Federal Government to aod and assist said rebels in arms against the Government. All this at Callaway County, Mo., during the months of Septemebr, October, November and December, 1861.

Specification 3. - In this, that said Samuel Jamerson at the county of Callaway, State of Missouri, during the months of November and December, 1861, did procure, aid and assist in procuring a large quantity of lead, to with 500 pounds, which said lead was procured and kept by the said Jamerson on his premises for the use of the rebels and persons in open rebellion and in arms against the Federal Government, and the said lead so procured and kept by said Jamerson was by him concealed to keep the Federal authorities from seizing the same and was by the said Jamerson and with his knowledge, advice and consent given to the rebels then in arms against the Federal Government.

Specification 4. - In this, that said Samuel Jamerson at the county of Callaway in the State of Missouri on the --- day of January, 1862, did permit James P. Snedicor and Joseph Watkins to stop at his house and did keep the horses of said Snedicor and Watkins and did furnish food, beds and shelter to the said Snedicor and Watkins, they being at the time rebels in arms against the Federal Government and having aided and assisted in the destruction of the North Missouri Railroad on the 20th of December, 1861, all of which was known to the said Jamerson; and the said Snedicor and Watkins were at the time they were so fed and sheltered by said Jamerson fleeing from the U. S. authotiries to avoid being arrested which fact was well known by the said Jamerson; and while said Jamerson was so sheltering said rebels and outlaws a detachment of the Second Battalion, Third Iowa Cavalry, commanded by Major Caldwell, proceeded to the house of said Jamerson for the purpose of arresting said criminals whereupon the said Jamerson did declare to the said troops that the said criminals were not at his house; whereupon the house of said Jamerson was searched by said troops and the said Snedicor and Watkins were found concealed in the garret of said house, and the arms of said rebels, to with one carbine, onedouble-barrelled shotgun and two pistols were found in the house of said Jamerson. All of which was fully known to said Jamerson; and the representations as aforesaid made by said Jamerson were false and were made tomislead the authorities of the Government and to conceal said criminals and aid them in their efforts to avoid an arrest and punishment by the U. S. military authorities.

To which charges and specification the prisoner pleaded not guilty.

The commission finds the prisoner, Samuel Jamerson, as follows:

Of the first specification, not guilty.

Of the second specification, not guilty.

