
Of the third specification, not guilty.

Of the fourth specification, guilty.

Of the charge, guilty, except the words "furnishing supplies to the enemies of the Federal Government. " and does therefore sentence him to pay a fine of $500 and costs of prosecution and that he be imprisoned until said fine and costs are paid and he takes and subscribes the usual oath of allegiance.

Finding approved; sentence dissaproved. The prisoner will be retained in custody until such time as he will take and subscribe the oath of allegiance and give bond in the sumof $2,000 for future good conduct and loyalty to the Government.

Lewis L. Chaney.

CHARGE 1: Aiding in the destruction of the North Missouri Railroad.

Specification. - In this, that the said Lewis L. Chaney on the night of the 20th of December, 1861, did with other parties unknown unlawfully destroy and burn a portion of the North Missouri Railroad. This is violation of martial lawprevailing in the State of Missouri.

CHARGE 2: Giving aid and comfort to railroad and bridge burnes.

Specification. - In this, that the said Lewis L. Chaney on the evening of Friday, the 20th of December, 1861, did by his presence andadvice aid, assist and afford aid and assistance to a party of armed menwho onthe night of the 20th of December, 1861, burned and destroyed a portion of the ties and rails forming a partof the North Missouri Railroad. This is violation of martial law then prevailing in the State of Missouri.

CHARGE 3: Accessory before the fact to the destruction of the North Missouri Railroad.

Specification 1. - In this, that Lewis L. Chaneyat Callaway County, Mo., on the night of the 18th of December, 1861, and on divers days before and after that date did colicit, persuade and induce divers persons whose names are unknown to go to the track of the North Missouri Railroad in Audrian County, Mo., on the 20th day of December, 1861, and then and there to destroy and aid and assist in burning and otherwise destroying the track of said road and the bridges thereon. This in violation of martial law then prevailing in the State of Missouri.

Specification 2. - In this, that the said Lewis L. Chaney at the county of Callaway, Mo., did procure crowbars and other implements to be used in destroying the track of the North Missouri Railroad; and the said crowbars and implements so procured by said Chaney were by him given and delivered to persons whose names are unknown for the purpose and with the view in intention of having said persons use said crowbars and other implements in the destruction of the track of said road and said crobars and implements were used by said persons to aid in the destruction of said road. This in violation of martial law then prevailing in the State of Missouri.

To which charges and specifications the prisoner pleaded not guilty.

The commission finds the prisoner, Lewis L. Chaney, not guilty of the charges and specifications and does therefore acquit him.

Fiding and acquital approved. Lewis L. Chaney will be released from arrest upon his taking the oath of allegiance and giving bond in $2,000 for future good conduct and loyalty to the Government.

By command of Major-General Halleck:

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Trial of Ambrose R. Tompkins, accused of violating the laws of war.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., Friday, May 9, 1862 - 10 a. m.

Further proceedings of a military commission convened at Saint Louis, Mo., pursuant to the following order:

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT, Numbers 117. Saint Louis, Mo., May 2, 1862.

* * * * *

II. A military commission, to consist of Colonel Lewis Merrill, of Merrill's Horse; Major S. B. Shaw, of Missouri State Militia, and Lieutenant R. A. Howard, Missouri Volun-

