
unteers, is hereby appointed to meet in Saint Louis on the 5th instant, at 10 a. m., or as soon thereafter as practicable, for the trial of such prisoners as may be brought before it. Lieutenant Howard of said commission will act as judge-advocate and recorder thereof. The commission will sit without regard to hours.

By order of Brigadier-General Schofield:

FRANK J. WHITE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Court met pursuant to the above order and adjournment, all the members present, and proceeded to the trial of Ambrose R. Tompkins, who being called into court and having heard the Special Order convening the court read was asked if he had any objection to any of the members named in the Special Order, to which he replied in the negative.

The court was then duly sworn in his presence and Ambrose R. Tompkins was arraingned on the following charge and specifications:

CHARGE: Violation of the laws of war.

Specification 1. - In this, that Ambrose R. Tompkins, a citizen of Boone County, Mo., taking advantage of the unsettled state of the country with other persons unknown and within the lines of the U. S. forces did burn and destroy and did aid in burning and destroying certain bridges, rails, ties and timbers which were necessary to the use of the North MissouriRailroad Company in the transaction of their ordinary and legitimate business. This at or near Sturgeoon on or about the 15th day of June, 1861.

Specification 2. - In this, that Ambrose R. Tompkins, a citizen of Boone County, Mo., taking advantage of the unsettled state of the country with other persons unknown and destryoing certain bridges, rails, ties and timbers the property of the North Missouri Railroad Company, which said bridges, rails, ties and timbers were necessary to the use of the said North Missouri Railroad Company in the transaction of their ordinary and legitimate business. this at or near Sturgeon, Boone County, Mo., on or about the 20th day of December, 1861.

To which the prisoner pleaded as follows:

To the first specification of the charge, guilty.

To the second specification of the charge, not guilty.

To the charge, not guilty.

ADAM GOSLING, a witness for the prosecution, being duly sworn testified as follows:

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question: What is your age, place of residence and occupation?

Answer. Am forty-two years old; live in Sturgeon and am a carpenter.

Question. Were you at the Sturgeon bridge in December last when it was burned? If so when was it and under what circumstances was it burned?

Answer. I was there. It was on the night of the 20th of December last. Was taken prisoner by the rebel troops. The men who took me burned down the Sturgeon bridge and then proceeded on to Long Branch bridge and burned that. There were from300 to 500 of them. They were concerned in this work some four or five hours, burning bridges, tearing up track, &amp;c. They came back through Sturgeon and went about two and one-half miles wouthwest of Sturgeon where they went into camp. Here they were attacked that morning and during the fight I was released.

Question. Are you acquainted with the prisoner, Ambrose Tompskins? Did you see himat or about the time the Stirgeon bridge was burned; if so when and where and what was he doing?

Answer. Knew the prisoner when they rode up to my house that night and took me prisoner. After they has taken me out of the house Mr. Tompkins rode up to me and shook hands with me. After the guard started with me Mr. Tompkins

