
rode off after he shook hands. They took me up in the street. Then I met Captain Watson. He asked me where the bridge was. I told him. He said there was no fire there. I said, "No. " I told him I had a good fire in the store, and I asked them to let me open the house. We all went in and warmed and got something to drink. Staid in the store I suppose an hour or more. They got me a horse and we went to the bridge. The bridge was then on fire. Staid there about twenty minutes. Went on them to Long Branch bridge. That was on fire too. Captain Watson took me down to the fire to warm. They were breaking up a car and choppingup ties, and fifteen or twenty of them carrying fence rails. After we had returned Captain Watson was standing in the street counting the men as they passed. At about the time the last of them were passing prisoner crossed the railroad and went toward home. The same night the bridges I have spoken of were burned another party went up the railroad and destroyed culverts and cut down poles. When we returned about 4 o'clock in the morning we met several men, probably fifteen or twenty, standing around on the street who looked as though they were waiting for us.

By the PRISONER:

Question. Which pary did Mr. Tompkins go with - the party who went east of Sturgeon or the party who went west?

Answer. I cannot say.

Question. Can you state of your own knowledge that Mr. Tompkins had anything to do with burning the bridges or tearing up the culverts?

Answer. I did not see him do any act.

Question. Where were the mengoing with whom you saw Mr. Tompkins? Do you know whether they were starting to Price's army?

Answer. They were going to destroy the railroad. They had started somemonths before to go to Price but could not get across the river so I have understood.

By A MEMBER OF THE COURT:

Question. What party was Mr. Tompkins associating with and appearing to belong to at the bridge-burning? Did he seem to belong to the bridge-burners or was he their prisoner?

Answer. He was with the party who came there to destroy the road - one of them.

W. RF. SCHOOLER, a witness for the prosecution, being duly sworn testified as follows:

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Where do you reside?

Answer. Reside in Sturgeon.

Question. Are you acquainted with prisoner?

Answer. I am.

Question. Were you present at the burning of the Sturgeon bridge in December last? When was it?

Answer. I was; it was on the night of December 20.

Question. Did uou see the prisoner at or about that time?

Answer. I did not.

JACOB CROSSWHITE, a witness for the prosecution, being duly sworn testified as follows:

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Where do you reside?

Answer. Reside on Sturgeon.

Question. Were you present at the burning of Sturgeon bridge in December last? If so when was it?

Answer. I was there; it wason the night of December 20.

