
Whereupon the court having been cleared after mature deliberation find the prisoner, Ambrose R. Tompkins, as follows:

Of the first specification, guilty.

Of the second specification, guilty.

Of the charge, guilty.

And does therefore sentence him, the said Ambrose R. Tompkins, to be shot to death at the time and place as the commanding general may direct.

LEWIS MERRILL,

Colonel and President Military Commission.

ROBERT A. HOWARD,

Judge-Advocate and Recorder Military Commission.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., May 10, 1862 - 10 a. m.

The commission being in session with doors closed, all the members present, then proceeded to reconsider the proceedings in the case of Ambrose R. Tompkins.

The commission finds that through oversight certain words were retained in the specifications which should have been omitted.

The commission takes judicial notice of the fact that the acts alleged in the forst specification were not comitted within the lines of the U. S. forces and the court does therefore reconsider its finding on the first specification and finds as follows:

Of the first specification, guilty, except the words "taking advantage of the unsettled state of the country" and the words "within the lines of the U. S. forces. "

And the court reaffirm the finding on the second specification and on the charge and also reaffirmthe sentence.

LEWIS MERRILL,

Colonel and President Military Commission.

ROBERT A. HOWARD,

Lieutenant and Judge-Advocate Military Commission.

Fiding and sentence approved, but recommended that the sentence be mitigated to imprisonment during the war.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Saint Louis District.

Finding and sentence confirmed. On the recommendation of Brigadier-General Schofield the sentence will be mitigated to imprisonment during the war in themilitary prison at Alton, Ill.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

Trial of J. H. Norris, accused of violating the laws of war.

THURSDAY, May 15, 1862 - 10 a. m.

Court met pursuant to above order and adjournment, all the members present, and proceeded to the trial of J. H. Norris, who being called into court and having heard the order* read was asked if he had any objection to any of the members named in the above order, to which he replied in the negative.

---------------

* Special Orders, Numbers 117, p. 483, convening and making detail for the commission.

---------------

