
[Inclosure Numbers 6.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF TEXAS,San Antonio, February 18, 1861.

Messers. THOS. J. DEVINE, S. A. MAVERICK, P. N. LUCKETT,

Commissioners of behalf of the Convention of the People of Texas.

GENTLEMEN: Your communication of the 17th instant, which you say is a reply to mine written yesterday, the 17th instant, was received last night. I consent to the conditions that the troops shall leave Texas by the way of the coast, with the provision expressed in my communication of yesterday.

As to the condition of surrendering the guns of the light batteries, that, you must see, would be an act which would cast a lasting disgrace upon the arms of the United States, and under no circumstances can I believe that the State of Texas would demand such a sacrifice at my hands, and more particularly so after I have yielded so much to meet what I deemed to be due to the State, and to avoid any unnecessary collision between the Federal and State troops. In this view of the case, I am sure you will not insist in a demand which, you must see, I am not at liberty to grant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. E. TWIGGS,

Brevet Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding Department.

[Inclosure Numbers 7.]

SAN ANTONIO, February 18, 1861.

Bvt. Major General DAVID E. TWIGGS, U. S. Army,

Commanding Department of Texas.

SIR: In reply to your communication of this date, we have to say that we accept the terms therein stated, viz, that the two batteries of light artillery, with the arms for the infantry and cavalry, shall be retained by the troops under your command; all other public property, as set forth in our previous communication, to be delivered up to agents authorized to receive it.

We remain, respectfully, your obedient servants,

THOS. J. DEVINE,

P. N. LUCKETT,

S. A. MAVERICK,

Commissioners of behalf of Committee on Public Safety.

[Inclosure Numbers 8.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF TEXAS, Numbers 5. San Antonio, February 18, 1861.

The State of Texas having demanded through its commissioners the delivery of the military posts and public property within the limits of this command, and the commanding general desiring to avoid even the possibility of a collision between the Federal and State troops, the posts will be evacuated by their garrisons, and these will take up as soon as the necessary preparations can be made the line of march out of Texas by way of the coast, marching out with their arms (the light batteries with their guns), clothing, camp and garrison equipage, quartermaster's stores, subsistence, medical, hospital stores, and such means

