
CHARLES CUTLER, a witness for the defense, being duly sworn testified as follows:

By the PRISONER:

Question. What is your business and where do you reside?

Answer. Am a butcher; reside in Saint Louis.

Question. How long have you known Hussey?

Answer. About seven or eight years.

Question. What is his general reputation for good conduct?

Answer. I consider it good.

Question. Do you know whether or not McCurdy bears malice and do business?

Answer. Am a fruit dealer; live on Brodway, Saint Louis.

Question. Have you had any conversation with McCurdy on the state of the Union? If so state when and where and the particulars of that conversation.

Answer. About three months ago we had some conversation on Broadway. He said he had some dispute with some man, and informed on him and had him arrested and put in military prison. I said, "Mac, of he found it out would he not get mad at you. " He said he would not know who did it.

Question. Did he say to you that he could not whip him himself and that he would have the man punished by the military authorities?

Answer. I couldn't say exactly. He said they came pretty near to blows.

Question. Did he use any language of the kind used in the last question? If so state what it was.

Answer. He didn't say he couldn't whip him. He said he did not want to fight him. He said he had informed on him and got himconfined in military prison.

JAMES NELSON, a witness for the defense, being duly sworn testified as follows:

By the PRISONER:

Question. Do you know the defendant? If so state what is his general character and the repute in which he is held by those among whom he resides and does business.

Answer. I have known him about a year. Never heard anything against his character. Always understood to be good.

JOSEPH LIPPERICK, a witness for the defense, being duly sworn testified as follows:

By the PRISONER:

Question. What you know of Hussey having aided and assisted in raising a company of soldiers for the Federal service?

Answer. Yes, sir.

