
The undersigned, members of the military commission before which the above-named prisoner was tried and convicted, whilst satisfied that he is quilty as charged and while not dericing to throw any impediment in the way of the speedy and certain punishment of offenders against the well-settled laws of war yet think this a fit subject for recommendation to mercy. In view then of the repultation for good behavior which the prisoner has always borne among those with whom he lived; of the fact that hed has by acts exhibited at least a desire to be loyal; of the fact which is apparent that there was bad blood between the prosecuting withness and the prisoner the prisoner into the unwary uterance of some disloyal sentiments, do respectfully recommend to the commanding general that the sentence be commuted to imprisonment during the war at such place at the commanding general may direct.

S. B. SHAW,

Major.

ROBERT A. HOWARD,

Captain.

Finding and sentence approved. Recommended that the sentence be mitigated to imprisonment during the war.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Saint Louis District.

Finding and sentence confirmed. On the recommendation of Brigadier-General Schofield the sentence will be mitigated to imprisonment during the war in the military prison at Alton.

By command of Major-General Halleck:

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, October 20, 1862.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

We, the undersigned, prosecuting witnesses in the case of Joseph P. Hussey, who was tried and convicted by the military commission which convened in Saint Louis in May, 1862, join with his immediate neighhors in petition your excellency for his release. He has now been confined six months which punishmnt we think is ample for his crime under the existing ciricumstances. He has a wife and three heath and has been for years-in fact he is consumpted. He has no menas whereby to support his family but his daily toil. Furhermore we are satisfied that he will conduct himself as a loyal citizen and be more guarded in his remark for his crime consisted in words and not in any act.

Hoping your exellency will temper justice with mercy and once more permit him to enjoy the pleasure of his family and friends is the humble prayer of your petitioners.

Thus we shall ever pray.

A. McCURDY,

M. B. CIRTIS,

CALEB BUSY,

Prosecuting withnesses.

GEO. SANDORD,

(And 20 Others.)

