
by Colonel Wallace, of the Federal Army, commanding at Bird's Point, to exchange prisoners and to determine the character of those persons offered as prisoners to be exchanged.

This board of officers on the part of the Confederate Army will proceed unarmed and with a flag of truce to Charleston, Mo., so as to be there on the 3rd instant as early as 12 o'clock if practicable. Will then meet a general board appointed by the Federal commander, Colonel Wallace. Will confer with the board and exchang prisoners as far as is practicable under the agreement of Colonel Wallace as found in the correspondence, copy of which I herewith furnsih. *

This board of officers will take with them the prisoner, Jonathan Doulin, in this camp will take with prisoners as may be in General Thompson's camp with armed escort of thirty monted men who will likewise march under a flag of truce. This escort and these prisoners will halt and remain 100 paces fromt he body of prisoners and escort of Federal forces and will then remain subject to the orders of the colonel of the board who will command the whole expedition. When the exchange is effected each escort with the exchanged prisoners will return the flag of truce to their respective headquarters with their prisorners unexchanged and such as may be turned over in the exhcange.

The colonel will conduct the whole preoceedings with courtesy due and proper on such occasions and carefully guard against any and every act or think which would constitute a breach of the sanctity of the occasion. Colonel Burch, aide-de-camp to the general commanding, will accompany the expedition and keep a strict account of the proceedings and report accordingly.

Colonel Bowen will submit his instructions to the colonel appointed by Colonel Wallace, who will it is presumed submit his instructions to Colonel Bowen.

By command of Brigadier General Gid. J. Pillow, commanding:

GUS. A. HENRY, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BIRD'S POINT, MO., September 4, 1861.

Major General J. C. PREMONT,

Commanding Department of the West, Saint Louis, Mo.

SIR: On the 2day of September Lieutenant s. P., Tufts (whom I had sent to New Madrid with my andswer to General Pillow's proposition for an exchange of prisoners of which I advised you in my letter of the 30th ultimo) returned from New Madrid bringing a letter from General Pillow of which the inclosed paper is a copy.

On the 2nd instant I ordered Colonel Hicks, of the Frontieth Regiment Illinois Volunteers; Major Noleman, of the Certalia cavalry, and Captain Hotchkiss, my acting assistant adjutant-general, with an escort of thrirty mounted men to proceed to Charleston and effect the exchange of prisoners in pursuance of the agreement made under written instructions to Colonel Hicks of which the inclosed paper is a copy. I also transmitted by Colonel Hicks a reply to General Pillow's last letter of which the inclosed paper is a copy.

---------------

* Omitted here. See Wallace to Pillow, p. 505.

---------------

