
Your proposition to procure the exchange of other prisoners for prisoners at Richmond is respectfully declined, the sole object in entering into this negotiation being to procure the release of men belonging to my command who are held as prisoners by you.

Your proposition that each party shall release all citizens who may have been captured on account of their sentimens or opinions merely meets the approbation of my jundgment, but as I hold no prisoners of that class it is unnecessary to discuss the proposition and I can only hop that as the suggestion comes from you, you will in the interest of humanity and the "principles of toleration of opinion" act upon the suggestion.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

W. H. L. WALLACE,

Colonel, Commanding U. S. Forces at Bird's Point.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.]

CHARLESTON, MO., September 3, 1861.

The undersigned, a board of officers appointed by Colonel Wallace, of the U. S. Army, and Brigadier-General Pillow, of the Confederate Army, to meet at this place on this day for the purpose of effecting an exchange of prisoners met in pursance of the agreement between their respective commanders.

After having read and exchanged instructions they agreed to exchange Jonathan Doulin, private in Captain Burrel's company of cavalry U. S. forces for Frank A. Gaydon, private in Captain Montgomery's company of cavalry (Bolivar Troop), Confederate forces. They further agreed to exchange Mattison Putnam and John Clark, privates in Captain Burrel's company, for any two privates of Missouri State Guard, commanded by General Thompson, who were held as prisoners by Colonel Wallace, the two to be selected by lot. Lot bein cast, Samuel Warren and John P. Kline were selected to be exchanged for Privates Putnam and Clark. Upon this basis the exchange was then made. There being no further business the board then adjourned.

S. G. HICKS,

Colonel Forthieth Regiment Illinois Volunteer Infantry.

JOHN H. MILLER,

Major First Battalion Mississippi Cavalry.

GARRETT NEVINS,

Major Eleventh Illinois Volunteer Infantry.

R. D. NOLEMAN,

Captain of Cavalry.

JNO S. BOWEN,

Colonel, Provisional Army, C. S.

J. S. WHITE,

Captain, Tennessee Mounted Rifles, C. S. Army.

JOHN C. BURCH,

Colonel of Infantry and Aide to General Pillow.

C. T. HOTCHKISS,

Captain, Eleventh Regiment, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

