
I inclose herewith a list* of our men in the hands of the enemy given me by Captain Blake which he thought to be nearly complete.

The number reported by our party as buried by them on the field yesterday was sixty-eight.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. WEBSTER,

Major and Chief Engineer.

CAIRO, ILL., November 10, 1861.

Major General L. POLK, Commanding at Columbus, Ky.

GENERAL: It grieves me to have to trouble you again with a flag of truce but Mrs. Colonel Dougherty whose husband is a prisoner with you is ver anxious to join him under such restrictions as you may impose, and I understand that some of your officers expressed the opinion that no objections would be interposed. I will be most happy to reciprocate in a similar at any time you may request it.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Columbus, Ky., November 10, 1861.

Brigadier General U. S. GRANT.

SIR: I am in receipt of your note under cover of your flag of truce asking for Mrs. Dougherty the privilege of joining her husband who was unfortunately wounded in the affair of the 7th.

It gives me great pleasure to grant here the oportunity of rendering such grateful service and I hope through her attention the colonel may be restroed to such a condition of health as is compatible with the loss he has been obliged to sustain.

Reciprocating your expression of readiness to intercharge kind officers,

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. POLK,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST MILITARY DIST., MISSOURI STATE GUARD,New Madrid, Mo., November 11, 1861.

Colonel J. B. PLUMMER, U. S. Army,

Commanding, Cape Girardeau, Mo.

DEAR SIR: I am very glad that you have not believed "Madame Rumor" at first sight and have department from the red tape of the U. S. Army and written to inquire into the fate of Sergeant Ryan. You will find that I am not the bloodthirsty demon which I am reported to be, and Ryan knows that he has not been hung and will testify that I have treated him as well if not better than I have my own soliers.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

