HEADQUARTERS CAMP FREMONT,Cape Girardeau, Mo., November 15, 1861.

General JEFF. THOMPSON.

SIR: In response to your communication of the 12th by William F. Martin who faithfully performed his errand as a good soldier and an honorable man I send by him this communication accompanied by four prisoners unconditionally released taken by our forces at Fredericktown on the 21st ultimo. Their names are Samuel W. Miller, Thomas Jones, C. P. Warner and S. R. Fawcett. Mr. Martin of course hs his unconditional release with a horse satisfactory to himself in lieu of the one that was taken with him but retained by the U. S. forces from Irontoon.

We understand that Colonel Killian, of the Missouri State Militia, has released George and Thomas Sepaugh, Clandfelter and two Becks with others on parole conditional upon the release of Judge David Conrad, of Bollinger County, Mo. If there is any misapprehension in regard to the matter please let it be known immediately at these headquarters. We hope that the years of Judge Conrad will secure him attention and comforts which perhaps a younger man would not have the right to expect under the circumstances which to you warrant his detention. Colonel Plummer will be pleased to hear from you as he will be here in a day or so.

I am, very respectfully,

GEO. P. EDGAR,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP FREMONT,Cape Girardeau, Mo., November 15, 1861.

Colonel J. B. PLUMMER,

Saint Louis, Mo.

SIR: William F. Martin, the messenger to Jeff. Thompson, has returned with Sergeant Ryan and three other prisoners for which we release for on the same terms by General Grant's order. You will find inclosed several letters which Sergeant Ryan and Messenger Martin brought for different parties within our lines. I have read a few of them and think when you have read them all you will forward them (as I promised Martin to send them to you for your action) for Jeff. Also two semi-official letters* to yourself which I read in order to know if any important points were in them pertainging to the immediate interest of this post.

I am, very respectfully, yor obedient servant,

GEO. P. EDGAR,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

STEAMER PREMIER, November 16, 1861.

Brigadier General U. S. GRANT, U. S. Army.

GENERAL: I regret there should have been any misapprehension on your part as to the exchange of prisoners at our last interview.

My intention was to say to you that while I did not desire to press you to the recognition of the principle of exchange as usually recog-

---------------

* See Thompson to Plummer, ante, November 11 and 12.

---------------

