
among themselves which shall be released. I am requested to mention John L. Clark, of Captain Hale's company, Second Regiment Cavalry, and W. A. Presnel, of Wilson's company, Second Regiment Cavalry, David Spradnel, of Higodon's company, Third Regiment Infantry, Matthew Sutton, of Hidgon's company, Third Regiment Infantry, as being men with large families. These men are reported at the Cape. You will place them to my credit in place of Captain T. J. Larison and Lieutenant J. B. Tenney, of the Second Regivalry, whom I captured on the steamer Platee Valley on the 18th instant, and several (eight) soldiers, a list of whose names I have not at hand but who will probably report themselves as paroled.

Hoping that Judge Conrad will give a better a acount of us than that which Madam Rumor has given, I subscribe myseslf,

Yours, &amp;c.,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST MILITARY DIST., MISSOURI STATE GUARD,New Madrid, November 20, 1861.

Judge Conrad, of Bollinger County, having been released by me in accordance with an agreement between General Grant and myself the officers and soldiers of the Missouri State Guard and of our allies the Confederate States will permit Judge Conrad to pass our lines and offer him such facilities as will enable him to reach his home in Bollinger County safely.

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Paducah, Ky., November 26, 1861.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Hdqrs. Department of the Missouri, St. Louis, Mo.

SIR: I transmit herewith a copy of a letter from Brigadier-General Pillow, of the rebel forces, dated on the 24th instant proposing an exchange of prisoners with my answer. I beg to have the instructions of the major-general commanding on this subject.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. F. SMITH,

Brigadeir-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement by General Halleck.]

Acknowledge receipt and say that his letter to General Pillow is approved. In the exchange of prisoners with General Price it was understood that General Price did not claim to be in the Confederate service but a general of Missouri Militia.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Columbus, Ky., November 24, 1861.

Brigadier General C. F. SMITH, U. S. Army,

Commanding, Puducah, Ky.:

We have a number of Federal prisoners on hand and are informed that portions of your command took eight prisoners (mounted men) recently in the neighborhood of Fort Henry. The interest of the

