
service of both commands and the cause of humanity alike indicate the policy of exchange. The Federal prisoners in our possession are from the command at Cairo and Federal Grand has exchanged or released and procured the return of his men as far as the has prisoners to be exchanged. If it be your pleasure and allow to be returned to ths place our eight men we will release and return eight Federal prisoners now confinered in Memphis.

I send this dispatch under a flag of truce to know your pleasure under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Miller, C. S. Army.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

GID. J. PILLOW,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army, Commanding Western Department.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Paducah, Ky., November 26, 1861.

Brigadier General GIDEON J. PILLOW,

Commanding Forces, Columbus, Ky.

SIR: I am in receipt of your communication dated on the 24th instant requesting an exchange of prisoners. To do this would imply that the Government of the United States admits the existing civil was to be between independent nations. This I cannot admit and must therefore decline to make any terms or conditions in reference to those we mutually hold as prisoners taken in amrs without the orders of my Government.

As an act of humanity and until otherwise instructed I shall always treat those whom the fortunes of war place in my hadns as prisoners of war.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. F. SMITH,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., November 28, 1861.

Brigadier General C. F. SMITH,

Commanding, &amp;c., Paducah, Ky.

GENERAL: Your communication relating to the exchange of prisoners is acknowledged and your reply to Generl Pillow is approved. In the exchange of prisoners with General Price in this State it was understood that General Price did not claim to be in the Confederate service but a general of Missouri Militia.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP FREMONT,Cape Girardeau, Mo., November 26, 1861.

General M. JEFF. THOMPSON, New Madrid.

SIR: By direction of General Grant I inclose herewith a copy of a communication addressed to me* from his headquarters in reference to

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

