
two citizens of Illinois taken by you from the [steamer] Platte Valley. I have this day released Captain J. E. Mulhollen and Lieutenant E. M. Frazer, taken by me at the battle of Fredericktown, and have to request that in your reply to this communication you will absolve from their paroles Captain T. J. Larison and Lieutenant J. B. Tenney, Second Illinois Cavalry, also taken by you from the steamer Platte Valley. Should you deem the prisoners releasted by Colonel Killian not sufficient consideration for the release of Judge Conrad I will make up the deficiency. Those released by him were Geroge Sepaugh, Thomas Sepaugh, Jacob Clandfelter, two men by the name of Beck, and others whose names I have not learned. I beg leave to state that W. A. Presnel whom you named among others in your communication to General Grant of the 19th isntant as having a large family is not in my possession at this post. He may have been left among the wounded at Frederickstown. I have not the names of those in that condition.

I am, very respectully, your obedient servant,

J. P. PLUMMER,

Colonel Eleventh Missouri Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHEAST MISSOURI,Cairo, November 29, 1861.

Captain J. C. KELTON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Missouri, St. Louis, Mo.

SIR: Inclosed herewith please find a letter sent me from Columbus this day by flag of truce from Major-Generl Polk. The letter fully explains itselft.

In view of the fact that General Polk permitted the families of two of the officers wounded at Belmont to visit them I would respectfully recommend that the excharge asked for be made if practicable.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Columbus, Ky., November 29, 1861.

Brigadier-General GRANT, U. S. Army,

Commanding, Cairo.

GENERAL: I hope that the courstesy shown to the families of two of your wounded officers may furnish a justification for the application covered by the flag of truce now sent you. If consistent with your views of public duty in any wat to aid in the acomplishment of the object sught it would be grateful to the feelings of the parties most deeply interested. I avail myself of the occasion to say that there is an young man, a private, whose name is John Groves who was wounded and taken prisoner at Cheat Mountain who is nwo in Columbus, Ohio, pleased to offer any one of like rank in my hands for him.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. POLK,

Major-General, Commanding.

