HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHEAST MISSOURI,Cairo, November 29, 1861.

Captain J. C. KELTON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.

SIR: I inclose you herewith a note from General M. Jeff. Thomson, of the Missouri State Guards, presented by hs aide-de-camp, Lieutenant-Colonel Chappell. Colonel Chappell came here with a flag of truce sent by General Polk in charge of Colonel De Russy of the so-called Confederate Army. I informed Colonel Chappell that he was at perfect liberty to return under the flag that brought him but that he could not accompany me to Cairo except as a prisoner to await the action of the general commanding the department. He expressed a particular desire to visit Saint Louis as a prisoner of otherwise under any restrictions to bear dispatches which he has directed to Major-General Halleck. The matter is respectfully referrd to the commander of the department for his decision.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. FIRST MILITARY DIST., MISSOURI STATE GUARD,New Madrid November 27, 1861.

Brigadier General U. S. GRANT, U. S. Army, Cairo, Ill.

SIR: I send Lieutenant Colonel William C. Chappell with a letter to Major-General Halleck in reference to the officers of the steam-boat Plate Valley. Colonel Chappel carries also a letter to my brother-in-law, John J. Abell, of Saint Joseph, Mo. This letter you will please peruse. I assure you that it is strictly on private family matters and has no reference directly or indirectly to military of policital affairs and if it is consistent with your sence of duty please forward it to its destination. I would request that Colonel Chappel be allowed to proceed to Saint Louis under such restrictions as you may see fit to impose to bear the letter to General Halleck so that if my wife shall be allowed to come to me he may escort her. You will find that he is strictly honorable and will take no advantage of your confidence.

Yours, most respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Sub-inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Columbus, Ky., November 29, 1861.

General U. S. GRANT, U. S. Army.

GENERAL: This will be handed you by Colonel De Russy, of my staff, who is in command of the flag of truce under which he goes to you. He is accomplanied by other officers by my permission and will present to you the gentleman who is the bearer of this particular subject of flag.

I remain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. POLK,

Major-General, Commanding.

