
My contracting your limits was in accordance with general instructions received. I feel no disposition to place you under close confinement but if you desire it please inform me.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHEAST MISSOURI,Cairo, December 4, 1861.

General M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Commanding Missouri State Troops, New Madrid, Mo.:

In conformity with my proposition to you I directed that four of your prisoners at Cape Girardeau should be released for the safe return of Judge Conrad. My letter to the commanding officer at the Cape on the subject was intended for your perusal and was sent by Judge Conrad. It that letter I directed that four prisoners should be released for the judge, four for the second lieutenant and eight for the captain you arrested on the steamer Platte Valley.

I was in Cape Girardeau a day or two after and found that the judge had not yet made his appearance. Whilst there I learned that we had of your men a captain and lieutenant prisoners. I therefore changed my directions and order that these two officers should be exchanged in lien of twelve men. My instructions were to release these officers and I intended it to mean uncoditionally and sent you a note to the effect that it had been done and for what purpose.

The officer in command of the post reported to me that he had released them on parole; to terminte the moment you expressed willingness to release the Plate Valley officers of theirs. I regnet that I have forgotten the names of these two officers but hope neverthless that Captain Larison and Lieutenant Tenny will be released by you in return.

You may have received a communication from Cape Girardeau on this subject since the departure of your aide-de-camp, Lieutenant-Colonel Chappell. I also inclose herewith copy of lette written by me at the same time my instructions to the commander at the Cape was to be sent to you.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHEAST MISSOURI,Cairo, December 5, 1861.

Major General L. POLK,

Commanding Confederate Forces, Columbus, Ky.:

I return to-day Lieutenant-Colonel Chappell, aide-de-camp to Geneal J. Thompson, who would have been sent yesterday had I been made aware that he desired to go back.

I also permit Mrs.

-----

, of Evansville, Ind., to accompany the flag in the hope that you will permit her daughter, Mrs. Harris, of Columbus, and her son, a boy of some 14 years of age, to visit her in the truce boat. This lady also desires to bring back her son. In this behalf I do not intercede knowing nothing of any of the parties. Being disposed myself to visit as lightly as possible the rigors of a state of war upon non-combatans I have permitted this lady to go to

