
ALBANY, N. Y., June 23, 1861.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

GENERAL: I inclose herewith a copy of the parole given to the officer commanding the Confederate troops in San Antonio, Tex., also a copy of the safe-guard to enable me to leave Texas and pass through the rebellious States. The printed paper inclosed details the incidents and humiliations to which the U. S. officers were subjected. As unfortunate as such a humiliation was, it is belief that when the facts are known and considered the United States Government will appreciate the loyalty of its officer. My object in sending the inclosed is to have on file your office as complete a record of the transaction as is possible. The renewal of my oath it also inclosed. It will give me pleasure to perform any service consistent with my hour and duty to my country.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. T. SPRAGUE,

Brevet Major and Captain, Eighth Infantry.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS CONFEDERATED ARMY IN TEXAS,San Antonio, Tex., April 23, 1861.

I hereby do declare upon my honor and pledge myself as a gentleman and a soldier that I will not take up arms or serve in the field against the Government of the Confederated States in America under my present or any other commission that I may hold during the existence of the present war between the United States and the Confederated States of America, and that I will not correspond with the authorities of the United States, either military or civil, giving information against the interest of the Confederate States of America, unless regularly exchanged.

J. T. SPRAGUE,

Brevet Major and Captain, Eighth Infantry, U. S. Army.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS C. S. ARMY IN TEXAS,San Antonio, Tex., April 26, 1861.

To all guards, patrols, citizens, and to all concerned, within the limits of the Confederate States:

The bearer, Bvt. Major John T. Sprague, U. S. Army, a prisoners of war on his parole of honor, is hereby permitted to pass through each and any of the Confederated States without let or hindrance or molestation of any kind whatever.

S. MACLIN,

Major, C. S. Army, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

Extract from New York Courier and Enquirer, May 20, 1861.

The remnant of the U. S. troops which the traitor Twiggs abandoned to the tender mercies of the "Southern chivalry" in Texas will arrive here to-day from Havana, and we indulge the hope that some-body will feet in their duty to receive them in a manner worthy of the

