HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHEAST MISSOURI,Cairo, December 16, 1861.

Captain THOMAS J. LARISON,

SIR: Having released one captain and one lieutenant from General M. Jeff. Thompson's army to secure the release of Lieutenant Tenney and yourself and having received a letter from General Thompson fully indicating that you be released on a proper exchange; further, being fully assured by Lieutenant-Colonel Chappell, adide-de-camp and chief of staff to General Thompson, that you might consider yourself fully released therefore I declare that you are fully absolved from further obligation by your parole of honor.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, NORTHWESTERN DEPARTMENT,Columbus, Ky., December 19, 1861.

Brigadier General U. S. GRANT, U. S. Army,

Commanding, Cairo, Ill.

GENERAL: In pursuance of my agreement I have at my earliest convenience had ten privates of the prisoners held by me selected to send up to you, that being the difference between the number released by you 124, and the number released by me 114, agreed upon by yourself and General McCown. This does not include Lieutenant Smith, the attendant of Colonel Dougherty, who was released be me on parole and of whom no accounth is taken.

These men were chosen by lot and sent up from Memphis. Since their arrival I find one of them declines to return; I must therefore send you another in his place at a future day.

I send you also your hostler. The terms on which he was to be returned you have already discussed with Colonel Tappan.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. POLK,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

List of prisoners sent to General Grant December 19, 1861.

Thirty-first Regiment Illinois Volunteers: Company A, H. T. Stein, B. Fannin (not sent), W. W. Sapp; Company H, G. W. Black. *

Seventh Regiment Iowa Volunteers: Company H, W. E. Gregg.

Twenty-seventh Regiment Iowa [Illinois] Volunteers: Company B, Israel G. Heaps, M. Tankesley; Company E, A. Anderson.

Thirtieth Regiment Illinois Volunteers: Company H, James Shaw.

Twelfth Regiment Illinois Volunteers: Company B, H. Harrington.

Francis M. Smith, hostler of General Grant, sent in accordance with agreement between Generals Grant and Cheatham to the effect that Colonel Tappan's servant, George, should be returned to him.

---------------

* Stein and Sapp belonged to the Seventh Iowa.

---------------

