
prominent parties upon their parole of horor, a copy of which I inclose herewith. * I regard this as the best menthod to purpose hoping by so doing to establish a more perfect understanting of the object and aim of the Government among those whose enmity arises unquestionably from (as I have previousy intimated) perverted statements on the part of our enemies. These men have pledged their return upon honor at such time as you may indicate through this post, and I am themselves a desire to be after their observation and limited acquanance here permanently out of the service.

I desire further to state in this connection that much remains undone yet in these localities which I hope to effect as soon as I can procure arms for the cavalry now located at this point. Many are returning and will yet return from the reble army who fear to come voluntarily and take the oath because of an expressed determination on the part of General Thompson to hang such persons, but who if taken by force will be I am satisfied hereafter loyal citizens. I do not desire to intrude my opinion but I am satisfied that the best policy to pursue toward the remainder of the prisoners is as pursued those above indicated. I shall, however, await for approval before doing so

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

L. F. ROSS,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CAIRO,Cairo, January 23, 1861.

Respectfully forwarded to headquarters Department of the Missouri. I disapprove the plan of paroling prisoners of Thompson's army as suggested by Colonel Ross but refer the matter to the general commanding department for his order in the matter.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General.

CAIRO, January 19, 1861.

Colonel ROSS:

You will release no more prisoners of war on parole but send them to Saint Louis.

U. S. GRANT.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CAIRO,Cairo, January, 23, 1862.

Major General L. POLK, Commanding Forces, Columbus, Ky.

GENERAL: I forward by flag of truce in command of Colonel Webster, chief of engineers and chief of staff, the prisoner Groves whose release has been obtained at your special request. Groses was taken sickon his way from Columbus, Ohio, and has been confined in hospital here ever since; hence the delay in sending him.

I would request that Mr. Owens be released on your side in exchange. I make this request understating that objections were raised to exchanging Owens for prisoners who were arrested for political offenses and did not belong to regularly mustered organizations.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

