
I send also telegraphic dispatch of Mr. Flanders, long a resident of New Orleans, which I trust you will have the kindness to permit to pass over the wires. I also forward a number of open letters to be mailed to parties in the South.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General.

P. S. -I will esteem it a personal favor to be reciprocated whenever it may be in my power if you forward the family of Mr. Flanders to this place under a flag of true when they arrive in Columbus.

U. S. G.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHEAST MISSOURI,Pilot Knob, January 24, 1862.

Captain J. C. KELTON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Missouri, Saint Louis.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to represent that Captain I. H. Elliott, Lieutenant W. A. Nixton and thirty-four enlisted men of the Thirty-third Illinois Volunteers were captured by Jeff. Thompson's force at Big River bridge on the 15th day of October, 1861. These officers and men were placed on parole not to serve against the State of Missouri or the socalled Confederate States and were then released. The enlisted me have since been discharged. The officer are very dsirous of being exchanged and are willing themselves to go to the rebel camp to effect this object. I have not doubt it can be easily done if authority be granted by the general commanding. I now have four officrs of Thompson's in my posession, three of whom start to Saint Lois to-day, and one on parole who is under obligation to surrender himself. Captain Elliott when the attack was made on his command by an overpowering force proved himself worthy of his position and more than worth the trouble of his exchange. I earneslty request than an-effort be made immediately to have both these officers and the men exchanged.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. CARLIN,

Colonel Thirty-eighth Illinois Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS,Came Girardeau, January 25, 1862.

General GRANT:

I am frequently importuned by the prisoners now held in obedience to your order to take the oath of allegieance. They are those returned [of] Thompson's troops and are very anxious to return to their homes and pursue their ordinary avocations. A release upon parole of honor or discharge upon taking the oath of allegiance would be gladly hailed by them as from all I can gathr they are heart-sick of opposing the Federal Government. Will you do men the kindness of reply as to course thought preferable by you if either.

Very truly, your obedient servant,

LEONARD F. ROSS,

Colonel, Commanding.

