HDQRS. FIRST. MILITARY DISTRICT, MISSOURI STATE GUARD,New Madrid, Mo., January 27, 1862.

Colonel LEONARD F. ROSS, U. S. Army,

Commandant, Cape Girardeau.

COLONEL: I would be pleased to know in what light you regard the prisoners or persons your forces have lately captured at Bloomfield and other portions of my district - whether as citizens or soldiers? I allude to those who have been soldiers in the Missouri State Guard but who have been disbanded. Citizens Herr, formerly major of the Fifth Regiment of Infantry, bears this communication and will return with the answer. Major Herr will make any arrangement for exchange and can explain more fully my wishes in the case than I can express in a short business letter.

Yours, respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, January 29, 1862.

Colonel CARLIN, Commanding, &amp;c., Pilot Knob.

COLONEL: Your are authoritzed to negotiate the exchange of Captain I H. Elliott and Lieutenant Nixon and the fifty-four enlisted men of the Thirty-third Illinois for an equal number of prisoners of war now held by us, grade for grade. No commissionare are necessary. If General Thompson* wil agree to the exchange and send his pisoners to our lines we will immediately send him an equal number.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-general.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CAIRO,Cairo, January 29, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICER, Cape, Mo.:

Hereafter no more prisoners of war than those belonging to regularly organized companies will be released on their parole but will be forwarded to Saint Louis for the present and to Alton as Soon as that place is fifteen up to their receiption. Arrangements will soon be effected for the exchange of prisoners and as we have many in the South it is important to retain all have or may ge to release our with.

Prisoners who have been up for offenses justififying their arrest and who do not belong to organized companies if released should take the prescribed oath and give bonds with good and sufficient security for their faithful observance of the oath taken.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

* See Thompson to Halleck, December 2, 1861, p. 139.

---------------

