
bus, Ohio, which exceeds in cruetly anything we have heard yet I take this liberty of bringing same to your notice hoping it may be in your power to [suggest] either by remostrating or calling the attention of our Government at Richmond that some plan for the alleviation of the sufferings of those taken prisoners may be devised. Should my brother be successfully exchanged and his wound prevent his going into active service I am willing to go in his stead so soon as he can take charge of business. With many thanks for your kind interference in my brother's behalf.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. GROVES,

[Indrsement.]

Federal treatment of prisoners-Horrible barbarities-Statement of a paroled prisoner.

MEMPHIS, TENN., December 11, 1861.

To the Avalanche:

Having made my escape from the Federal prisoners located near Columbus, Ohio, I deem it due to the 240 brave but unfortunate Southern men whom I left incarcerated there on the 29th of October last to make known to the South and to the word the suffering and indignities to which they are subjected by their inhuman jailers.

The Government prison to which I refer is at Camp Chase about four miles south of the city of Columbus, the capital of the State of Ohio. Brigadier-General Hill is the commander under the direction of Generals Mitchel and Rosecrans, the prison being used for the confinement of military and political prisoners for both Kentucky and North-western Virginia. It contains about half an acre of ground inclosed by a plank wall nearly twenty-five feet high, with towers on two sides. Inside of this inclosure are tow rows of board shanties with five rooms (16 by 18 feet) in each. In these small rooms, each occupied by about twenty-five men, and in this contracted space the crowd of prisoners are compelled to cook, eat and sleep. Men of every class and grade are hudled together and all treated as felons.

It will be remmembered that Columbus is in a very could country. The winter winds blow fiercely from those Northern fresh-water lakes over the State of Ohio and Camp Chase prison receives its full share of the chilling blasts. Yet while I was prisoners there, including the month of October, when the weather was very rainy and cold, no fires were allowed in the prison to war the half naked and shivering prisoners. Promises were made from time to time by the subordinate officers that the prisons should be warmed either by stoves or by a steam-heating apparatus but up to the 29th day of October no steps had been taken looking to them end. To add to the discomfort of the poor prisoners the wrethced shanties, their only, shelter, leaked badly, keeping the floors, their only bed, and even their bed clothing soaked with water. The fear war entertained byt the prisoners generally and constantly expressed that it was the intention that they should perish from the effects of cold and damp. This treatment of human beigs by those calling themselves Christians is unparalled. Inhumanity and cruetly byt the Lincold Government toward those in its power is a policy which has been suggested by many of its allies to put down the rebellion

