
were first taken to Newport, Ky., baracks and there confined in the cells without even a blanket for twenty-four hours. We were then marched at night through the raid and mud to the Little Railroad depot.

But the cars having left we were ordered to about face and marched four miles farther to the Hamilton and Dayton depot where we took the cars for Columbus. During the march Judge Curry who is over seventy years of age being much fatigued came near giving out, but the captain of the guard with oaths gave orders to drive him up and they punched and struck him in the most brutal manner with their guns, kicking him at the same time. W. B. Glave who owing to his feebseness was also unable to keep up, the pace being double-quick, was treated in the same savage manner. Our only offense was thatwe dissented from the meansures of Lincoln.

I have given an unvarnished statement of facts which will be attested by my fellow-prisoners whenever they can be heard. I do not desire that the Federal prisoners shall be treated with less kindess; but I do desire that the Confederate Government shall take some action in behalf of its captive citizens they may not be murdered by slow degrees in the bastiles of the North.

As the attention of the public has been directed by the press to my humble self I deem it proper to say something of the circumstances attending my escape from the Federal jailers. My wife being in delicate health was taken dangerously iss after my arrest from the effects of the shock, and hearing of her condition I determined if possible to get out to see her before her death. To effect this I wrote a letter feigning repentane which procured me a release on parole for then days when I returned to Cynthiana to find that my wife had been honor to observe my parole having been dragged to Ohio for my political opinions in violation of the Constitutions of both the United States and Kentucky I embraced the opportunity to escape from my persecutors and after a very circuitous journey attended with many risk and perils I reached this city.

This much, Messr. Editors, I have deemed proper to say to myself. I do nto whine nor ask the sympathies of any one. I am loose from Yankee despotism and with my musket in one hand and the black flag of extermination to the foe in the other I intend to avenge my own and my country's wrongs; and if thougts of a murdered wife and home made desolate do not nerve my arms to strength and execution I should be an ignoble son of Kentucky.

A. J. MOREY,

Editor of the Cynthiana, Ky., News.
HEADQUARTERS,Memphis, December 17, 1861.

Major GEORGE WILLIAMSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, C. S. Army.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that in compliance with telegraphic dispatch from General Polk, C. S. Army, commanding, received at 12 o'clock at night General Grant's several was forwarded by railroad this day to Columbus, Ky.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN ADAMS,

Captain, C. S. Army, Commanding.

