
The Fremont-Price Exchange Convention, and Agreement to Discontine Arrests for Political Opinions.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAMP OF INSTRUCTIONS, Benton Barracks, near Saint Louis, Mo., Numbers 57. October 13, 1861.

At the instance of the parties and for the purpose of effecting the exchange of prisoners on porale Major Quin Morton, Major Henry W. Williams, Dr. W. L. Winter and D. Robert Barclay, esq., are authorized to visit the headquarters of Major-General Fremont to confer with him in relation to matters concerning the two belligerent armies of the West. The pickets and outposts will allow them to pass, avoiding all improper disclosures as to the strength and locality of forces but otherwise giving all facilities to their progress that may be necessary to their convenience.

By order of Brigadier General Samuel R. Curtis:

HENRY Z. CURTIS,Acting Assistant Adjtuant-General.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,

Warsaw, Mo., October 20, [21?] 1861.

General S. PRICE, Commanding Missouri State Guard.

SIR: Quin Morton, esq., who bears this to your headquarters is authorized to confer you in reference to exchange of officers under plan approved by Major-Generl Fremont. It is proposed that the exchange shall be grade for grade, or two officers of a lower grade as an equivalent in rank for one of a higher as shall be thought just and equitable. Mr. Morton and the parties accompanying himare pledged as men of honor to make known to none what they may see or hear within your outposts. Mr. Morton is emprowered by Major-General Fremont to arrange for the proposed exchanges, and his acts will have his approval.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. EATON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MISOSURI STATE GUARD,Camp near Neosho, October 26, 1861.

Major General JOHN C. FEMONTS,

Commanding U. S. Forces in the Department of the West.

GENERAL: I am instructed by Major-General Price to acknowledge the receipt of Colonel Eaton's letter proposing an exchange of prisoners and empowering Mr. Quin Morton to act for you in the proposed exchange.

Major-General Price accedes to your proposal but directs me to say that althouth he protests again the legality of the parole administratered to the officers and men captured at Camp Jackson in Saint Louis County on the 10th day of May, 1861, for the reason that they were not taken in battle or under such circumstances as would make them prisoners of war and for the further reason the judiciary of the Government of the United States have themselves decided it to be

