
evil of war respect to all citizens who shall quiently devote themselves to their proper avocations. He now as heretofore repeatedly expressed [signifles] his desire of avoiding the character of warfare to which you allude and will agree to take in no more home guards so-called but only such as are of the character of regular troops enlisted for the war and who will be subject to orders and can be restrained from all marauding.

These matters will be further entertained when the gentlemen you have named shall have completted their present businnes in Saint Loius.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. EATON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEAR SPRINGFIELD, October 30, 1861.

Colonel J. H. EATON,

SIR: It will be necessary in order to avoid annoyance and delay in my return to headquartes of Major-General Price that the saf-conduct sent to you by myself should be returned to me. Your attention to the matter will oblige,

Very respectfully,

EDWD. W. SHANDS,

Colonel, Missouri State Guard.

NEAR SPREINGFELD, November 1, 1861.

Major General J. C. FREMONT,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Springfield.

SIR: On Tuesday last I came to your encampment as envoy of Major General Sterling Price, Missouri State Guard, with instructions to receive your reply to General Price's communication and return withthe same without unnecessary delay. A communication to General Price as well as a safe-conduct for myself without you lines was delivered to men on Wednesday eveing by Colonel J. H. Eaton, acting assistant adjutant-general. Since that period I have been detained at Colonel Carr's headquarters message to General Price it is my duty as well as my desire to return immediately to his headquarters and I respectfully request that I may be permitted to do so.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWD. W. SHANDS,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp, Missouri State Guard.

SPRINFIELD, MO., November 2, 1861.

Major General STERLING PRICE,

Commandign Missouri State Guard.

GENERAL: In reference to my letter addressed to you on the 20th ultimo and in furtherance of the suggestion and proposition intended to institute a plan for suppresing the irregular and reprehensible character of warfare now prevalent in this State I am directed by Major-General Fremont to submit the accompanying memorandum* proclamation to your attention. Major-General Fremont instructs me to say that he is ready to affix his signature to this as it stand and to

---------------

* See p. 558 for this proclamation.

---------------

