
[Inclosures.]

A.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., November 2, 1861.

Colonel J. H. EATON.

DEAR SIR: Having been informed that Colonel E. W. Shands of the Missouri State Guard, the envoy of Major-General Price who accompanied us for the purpose of bearing to General Price the result of our negotiations with General Fremont had been dispatched on the 31st ultimo by General Fremont with his letter to General Price we were not a little surprised to learn last evening from Major Morton that Colonel Shands is still detained at this place. Will you have the goodness to inform us at your earliest convenience as to the position Colonel Shands occupied and the instructions of Major-General Fremont in reference to him?

With the highest respect, we remain, your obedient servant,

HENRY W. WILLIAMS.

D. ROBT. BARCLAY.

B.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., November 1, 1861.

General J. C. FREMONT.

SIR: We, the undersigned officers in the Seventh Division of Missouri State Guard, with to be put upon our parole until an exchange of prisoners can be made.

JOHN H. PRICE,

Lieutenant-Colonel Second Infantry.

R. M. PATTERSON,

First Lieutenant Company A, Second Cavalry.

H. E. KELLEY,

Second Lieutenant Company D, First Cavalry.

JOSEPH CAVIN,

Second Lieutenant Company C, Third Infantry.

C.

Agreement for Exchange of Prisoners.

Major General John C. Fremont, commanding U. S. forces in Missouri, acting in person, and Major General Sterling Price, commanding Missouri State Guard, represented by Major Henry W. Williams and D. Robert Barclay, esq., duly authorized thereto by communication from Major-General Price to Major-General freont dated at headquarters Missouri State Guard, camp near Neosho, October 26, 1861, have agreed upon an exchange of prisoners as follows:

I. The prisoners released being all commissioned officers shall be furnished with a certificate of release from confidenement or parole as the case may be and of safe-conduct to the headquarters of their respective armies or of their divisions, with their usual side-arms, camp equipage and property.

II. Lieutenant Colonel John H. Price, Third Infantry, Seventh Division Missouri State Guard, taken prisoner at Springfield and now under arrest,

