
is hereby exchanged for Major David P. Jenkins, First Illinois Cavalry, taken at Lexington, and Captain J. B. Smith, of First Illinois Cavalry, taken at Lexington, and both released on parole.

First Lieutenant R. M. Patterson, Company A, Second Cavalry, Seventh Division Missouri State Guard, taken at Springfield and now under arrest, is hereby exchanged for First Lieutenant William White, Company C, First Missouri Cavalry, taken at Springfield on the 25th of October, 1861, and now under arrest.

Second Lieutenant H. E. Kelley, Company D, First Cavalry, Seventh Division Missouri State Guard, taken at Springfield and now under arrest, is hereby exchanged for Second Lieutenant John H. Daley, Company A, Twenty-third Illinois, taken at Lexington and released on parole.

Second Lieutenant Joseph Cavin, Company C, Third Infantry, Seventh Division Missouri State Guard, taken at Springfield and now under arrest, is hereby exchanged for Second Lieutenant R. C. Bradshaw, Company A, Thirteenth Missouri, taken at Lexington and released on parole.

This done at Springfield, Mo., this 2nd day of November, 1861.

By order of Major-General Fremont:

J. H. EATON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General,

By HENRY W. WILLIAMS,

D. ROBT. BARCLAY,

Commissioners.

D.

Whereas, Major General John C. Fremont, commanding the U. S. forces in Missouri, by letter dated Warsaw, October 21, 1861, authorized Quin Morton, esq., to confer with Major General Sterling Price, commanding the Missouri State Guard, in reference to exchange of prisoners; and whereas, General Price has agreed with said Morton upon terms of such exchange as follows, to wit:

First. The exchange shall be effected grade for grade, or two officers of a lower grade as an equivalent in rank for one of a higher grade; the exchange to embrace prisoners on parole as also those held in custody.

Second. The parties released both officers and privates ahll be furnished with a certificate of release and of safe conduct to the headquarters of their respective armies or of their division, the officers with their usual side-arms, camp equipage and property and the privates with their personal property.

Third. The prisoners taken by the U. S. forces at Camp Jackson in Saint Louis County on the 10th day of May, 1861, are embraced in this exchange with the express understanding that General Price reiteratesthe protest* of the officers and men then made against the legality of their capture and the exactio of parole when released.

Fourth. Brigadier General Samuel R. Curtis or the officer commanding at Benton Barracks in Saint Louis County is hereby authorized and rquired to issue the certificates above referred to the officers and privates of the State forces herein named and also to such other officers

---------------

*See p. 111 for Frost's protest and p. 114 for the parole given by Frost's officer, embodying a protest against its exactions.

---------------

