
and non-commissioned officers and privates taken prisoners at Camp Jackson to the number of 530 as may be named to him by Colonel David H. Armstrong, Colonel Samuel B. Churchill, Colonel J. Richard Barrett and D. Robert Barclay, esq., or either of them, and the said Colonel David H. Armstrong, Colonel Samuel B. Churchill, Colonel J. Richard Barrett and D. Robert Barclay, esq., or either of them are hereby authorized and required to issue such ceritificates to the U. S. officers and privates hereinnamed and also to such other officers, non-commissioned officers and privates taken prisoenrs at Lexington, Mo., to the number of 530 as may be named to them or either of them by Quin Morton, esq., or such other person as may be named in his place or stead by the commanding officer at Benton Barracks aforesaid.

Fifth. The persons herein named for exchange not connected with the military shall be furnished as hereinbefore provided with certificates of safe conduct to their respective homes:

Now therefore in pursuance of the foregoing stipulations it is herebyagreed by and between Quin Mortion, esq., acting for and in behalf of Major General John C. Fremont and Major General Sterling Price that exchanges be made as follows, to wit:

Brigadier General Daniel M. Frost, First Military District, Missouri Volunteer Militia, for Colonel James A. Mulligan, of the Twenty-third Illinois Volunteers, acting at Lexington as brigadier-general.

Colonel John S. Bowen, Second Regiment Missouri Volunteer Militia, for Colonel Everett Peabody, Thirteenth Regiment Missouri Volunteers.

Major R. S. Voorhis, judge-advocate and assistant adjutant-general, First Brigade, Missouri Volunteer Militia, First Military District, for Major Charles E. Moore, Twenty-third Illinois Regiment.

Major Henry W. Williams, quartermaster, First Brigade, First Military District, Missouri Volunteer Militia, for Major Robert T. Van. Horn, Kansas City Battalion.

Major N. Wall, commissary, First Brigade, First Military District, Missouri Volunteer Militia, and Captain William C. Buchanan, adjutant, First Regiment, First Military Disrict, Missouri Volunteer Militia, for Lieutenant Colonel James Quirk, Twenty-third Illinois Regiment.

Major John J. Anderson, paymaster, First Brigade, First Military District, Missouri Volunteer Militia, and Major James R. Shaler, Second Regiment, First Military District, Missouri Volunteer Militia, for Colonel Robert White, Fourteenth Regiment Missouri Volunteers.

Major Clark Kennerly, Southwest Battalion Missouri Volunteer Militia, for Captain M. Gleason, and Captain Robert Adams, of Twenty-third Illinois Regiment.

Captain Alex J. P. Garesche, judge-advocate, First Regiment Missouri Volunteer Militia, for Captain S. A. Simison, Company D, Twenty-third Illinois Regiment.

Captain Martin Burke, Company A, First Regiment Missouri Volunteer Militia, for Captain D. P. Moriarty, Company F, Twenty-third Illinois Regiment.

Captain Philip Coyne, Company D, First Regiment Missouri Volunteer Milita, for Captain Charles Coffey, Company H, Twenty-third Illinois Regiment.

Captain William H. Frazier, Company F, First Regiment Missouri Volunteer Militia, for Captain James J. Fitzgerald, Company I, Twenty-third Illinois Regiment.

Captain George W. Wert, Company G, First Regiment Missouri Volunteer Militia, for Captain Daniel Quirk, Company K, Twenty-third Illinois Regiment.

