
II. All peaceably disposed citizens who may have been driven from their homes because of their political opinions or who may have left them from fear of roce and violence are hereby advised and permitted to return upon the faith of our positive assurances that while so returning they shall receive protection from both the armies in the field wherever it can be given.

III. All bodies of armed men acting without the authority or recognition of the major-general before named and not legitimately connected with the armies in the field are hereby ordered at once to disband.

IV. Any violation of either of the foregoing articles shall subject the offender to the penalty of military law according to the nature of the offense.

In testimony whereof the aforesiad Major General John Charles Fremont, at Springfield, Mo., on this 1st day of November, A. D. 1861, and Major General Sterling Price, at Cassville, Mo., on this 5th day of November, A. D. 1861, have hereunto set their hands and hereby mutually pledge their earnest efforts to the enforcement of the above articles of agreement according to their full tenor and effect to the best of their ability.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General, Commanding.

Second. Brigadier General Samuel R. Curtis or the officer in command at Benton Barracks is hereby authorized and empowered to represent Major-General Fremont, and Colonel D. H. Armstrong, Colonel J. Richard Barrett and Colonel Robert M. Renick or either of them are hereby authorized and empowered to represent Major-General Price, and the parties so named are hereby authorized whenever applied to for that purpose to negotiate for the exchange of any and all persons who may hereafter be taken prisoners of war and released upon parole; such exchange to be made upon the plan heretofore approved and acted upon, to wit: Grade for grade or two officers of lower grade as an equivalent in rank for one of a higher grade as shall be throught just and equitable.

This done and agreed at Springfield, Mo., this 1st day of November, 1861.

By order of Major-General Fremont:

J. H. EATON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General.

By HENRY W. WILLIAMS,

D. ROBT. BARCLAY,

Commissioners.
HEADQUARTERS MISSOURI STATE GUARD,Cassville, Mo., November 5, 1861.

Approved.

By order of Major-General Price:

HENRY LITTLE,

Adjutant-General.

