
for the much abused officers and men surrendered by the traitor Twiggs. From among our first prisoners let there be sent into the rebel camp the precise number of men and officers of corresponding rank to those now on parole, giving the rebel authorities notice that we do so in order to redeem the honor of our people, while we condemn as worthy only of "Southern chivalry" the acts of infamy which made them quasi prisoners of war.

CONFEDERATE CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Montgomery, April 11, 1861.

Colonel EARL VAN DORN, C. S. Army, Montgomery, Ala.

SIR: The Secretary of War directs that you repair to Texas with the least practicable delay, and there assume command. You are charged with the important duty of making the necessary arrangements to intercept and prevent the movement of the U. S. troops from the State of Texas, and for this purpose you are authorized to call into service such amount of volunteers force from Texas as may be necessary in your judgment to accomplish that object. The whole of the U. S. force, both officers and men, must be regarded as prisoners of war. Such of the men as may be disposed to join the C. S. Army you are authorized to take into service; those not so inclined must be held as prisoners of war, at such place as may be judged to be most safe. The commissioned officers may be released on parole, and in special cases, of which you must judge, the men may be released on both not to serve against the Confederate States.

The above instructions are given under the circumstances that hostility exists between the United States and Confederate States.

By direction of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Montgomery, April 13, 1861.

Colonel EARL VAN DORN, C. S. Infantry, Austin, Tex.

SIR: The following communication has been submitted to the Department of War by Honorable J. H. Reagan, Postmaster-General:

INDIANOLA, April 9, 1861.

Mr. J. H. REAGAN.

DEAR SIR: In stirring time like these I deem it proper to advise you of the state of things here. The Mohawk, the Empire City, and the Crusader-I believe those to be the names of war vessels and sea transports lying at Saluria this morning. The Fashion, chartered by the United States Government, brought in about 12 o'clock to-day stores from the Empire City. There are nine companies concentrated here and at Green Lake, about twenty miles distant, for embarkation, mostly here. There is a strong wind blowing, which will prevent, till it ceases, their embarkation, and has already delayed it four days.

The Arizona is at Brazos with 300 troops, which were embarked three days since for this place to join the troops here, but she is yet detained outside the bar by heavy weather.

There are yet seven companies hastening to the cost from the upper post for embarkation here.

Our last advices are warlike, and it may be important for President Davis to be informed of these facts, and I accordingly write this by steamer just leaving, it being now 1 p. m. The wind is high, and likely to render embarkation impossible for several days.

Yours, very truly,

H. W. HAWES.

