HEADQUARTERS MISSOURI STATE GUARD,Cassville, Mo., November 5, 1861.

Major General JOHN C. FREMONT,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Springfield, Mo.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Major-General Price to acknowledge the receipt of Assistant Adjutant-General Eaton's letter of November 2 inclosing a proclamation drawn up in accordance with the propositions submitted in my letter of the 26th of October. Major-General Price directs me to say that he receives your assent to his propositions with much satisfaction, and the agreement and provisions set forth in the proposed mutual proclamation fully meets his approbation. He has filled up and signed both copies of said proclamation received from Assistant Adjutant-General Eaton, one of which is retained for publication and distribution and the other herewith inclosed to you for a like purpose. Major-General Price also approves of the agreement entered into on his part by Messrs. Williams and Barclay and herewith returns the original document retaining a copy of the same.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY LITTLE,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MISSOURI STATE GUARD,Camp near Cassville, November 5, 1861.

HENRY W. WILLIAMS,

D. ROBERT BARCLAY,

Commissioners.

GENTLEMEN: Herewith I inclose you a list* of prisoners in the hands of the U. S. authorities. Major-General Price wishes you to effect their exchange.

I am, gentlemen, respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY LITTLE,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Springfield, Mo., November 7, 1861.

Brigadier-General THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

GENERAL: Inclosed you will find copies of certain negotiations+ caried on between Major General J. C. Fremont of the first part and Major General Sterling Price of the second having for objects, first, to make arrangements for the exchange of prisoners; second, to prevent arrests or forcible interference in future "for the mere entertainment or expression of political opinions; " this, to insure that"the war now progressng shall be confined exclusively to armies in the field," and, fourth, the immediate disbandment of "all bodies of armed men acting without the authority or recognition of the major-generals anamed and not legitimately connected with the armies in the field. "

You will also find inclosed a copy of my letter of this date dispatched under a flag of truce to General Price stating that "I can in no manner recognize the agreement aforesaid or any of its provisions whether

---------------

*List omitted.

+Omitted here. Refers to preceding papers.

---------------

