
implied or direct, and that I can neither issue nor allow to be issued the 'joint proclamation' purporting to have been signed by Generals Price and Fremont on the 1st day of November, A. D. 1861. "

It would be in my judgment impolitic in the highest degree to have ratified General Fremont's negotiations for the following amongst many other obvious reasons: The second stipulation if acceded to would render the enforcement of martial law in Missouri or in any part of it impossible, and would give absolute liberty to the propagadists of treason throughout the length and breadth of the State; the third stipulation confining operations exclusively "to armies in the field" would practically annul the confiscation act passed during the last session of Congress, and would furnish perfect immunity to those disbanded soldiers of Price's command who have now returned to their homes but with the intention and under a pledge of rejoining the rebel forces whenever called upon, and, lastly, because the fourth stipulation would blot out of existence the loyal men of the Missouri home guard, who have not it is alleged been recognized by act of Congress and who it would be claimed are therefore "not legitimately connected with the armies in the field. "

There are many more objections quite as powerful and obvious which might be urged against ratifying this agreement; its address "to all peaceably-disposed citizens of the State of Missouri" fairly allowing the inference to be drawn that citizens of the United States, the loyal and true men of Missouri, are not included within its benefits. In fact the agreement would seem to me if ratified a concession of all the principles for which the rebel leaders are contending and a practical liberation for use in other and more immediately important localities of all their forces now kept employed in this portion of the State.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, yout most obedinet servant,

D. HUNTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Springfield, Mo., November 7, 1861.

Major General STERLING PRICE,

Commanding Forces at Cassville, Mo.:

GENERAL: Referring to an agreement purporting to have been made between Major-Generals Fremont and Price, respectively commanding antagonistic forces in the State of Missouri, to the effect that in future arrests or forcible intereference b armed or unamred parties of citizens within the limits of said State for the mere entertainment or expression of political opinions shall herafter cease, that families now broken up for such causes may be reunited, and that the war now progressing shall be exclusively confined to armies in the field, I have to state that as general commanding the forces of the United States in this department I can in no manner recognize the agreement aforesaid or any of its provisions whether implied or direct, and that I can neither issue nor allow to be issued the "joint proclamation" purporting to have been signed by youself and Major General John C. Fremont on the "1st day of November, A. D. 1861. "

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. HUNTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

36 R R-SER II, VOL I

