
[Appended to the foregoing.]

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCON,

President of the United States:

I have been in Baltimore since Tuesday evening last and co-operated with Mayon G. W. Brown in his untiring efforts to allay and prevent the excitement and suppress the fearful outbreak as indicated above and I fully concur in all that is said by him in the above communication.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS H. HICKS,

Governor of Maryland.

STATE OF MARYLAND, EXECUTIVE CHAMBER,

Annapolis, April 20, 1861.

Honorable S. CAMERON.

SIR: Since I saw you in Washington last I have been in Baltimore City laboring in conjunction with the mayour of that city to preserve peace and order but I regret to say with little success. Up to yesterday there appeared promise but the outbreak came; the turbulent passions of the riotous element prevailed; fear for safety became readlity; what they had endeavored to conceal but what was known to us was no longer concealed but made manifest; the rebelious element* had the control of things. * * * They took possession of the armories, have the arms and ammunition, and I therefore think it prudent to decline (for the present) responding affirmatively to the requisition made by President Lincoln for four regiments of infantry.

With great repsect, I am, your obedient servant,

THOS. H. HICKS.

WASHINGTON, April 20, 1861.

Governor HICKS:

I desire to consult with you and the mayor of Baltimore relative to preserving the peace of Maryland. Please come immediately by special train which you can take at Baltimore; or if necessary one can be sent from hence. Answer forthwith.

LINCOLN.

BALTIMORE, Saturday, April 20, 1861-10 o'clock.

[General SCOTT.]

MY DEAR GENERAL: There has been no arrival from the North. Some one or more bridges have been destroyed; where it is not known; telegraph interrupted. Warford has sent by hroses along the road to find where the trouble it. * * * Depend upon it a vigorous and efficient plan of action must be decided on and carried out or we will have to give up the capital.

The communication with the South is perfect both by railroad and telegraph and we must have the same or we are gone. No arrivals

---------------

*For reports of the attack of the mob on the U. S. troops passing through Baltimore April 19, 1861, here alluded to by Governor Hicks, see Seires I, Vol. II, pp. 7-21.

---------------

