HDQRS. THIRD BRIDGE, MASSACHUSETTS VOL. MILITIA,Annapolis, Md., April 23, 1861.

His Excellency THOMAS H. HICKS,

Governor of the State of Maryland:

* *

I have understood within the last hour that some apprehensions were entertained of an insurrection of the negor population of this neighborhood. I am anxious to convince all classes of persons that the forces under my command are not here in any way to interefere with or countenance any intereference with the laws of the State. I am therefore ready to co-operate with your Excellency in suppressing most promptly and effectively any insurrection against the lwas of Marland. I beg therefore that you announce publicly that any portion of the forces under my command is at your Excellency's disposal to act immediately for the preservation and quietness of the peace of this community.

And I have the honor to be, your Excellency's obedient servant,

B. F. BUTLER,

General of the Third Brigade.

THIRD BRIGADE, U. S. MILITIA,

Annapolis, Md., April 23, 1861.

His Excellency THOMAS H. HICKS,

Governor of Maryland:

You are credibly informed that I have taken possession of the Annapolis and Elk Ridge Railroad. * * * If the government of the State had taken possession of the railroad in any emergency I should have long waited before I entered upon it. But as I had the honor to inform your Excellency in regard to the insurrection against the laws of Maryland I am here armed to maintain those laws if your Excellency desires and the peace of the United States against all disorderly persons whatever. I am edeavoring to save and not to destroy; to obtain means of transportation so I can vacate the capital prior to the sitting of the Legislature and not be under the painful necessity of occupying your beautifil city white the Lesiglature is in session.

I have the honor to be, your Excellency's obedient servant,

B. F. BUTLER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, April 27, 1861.

The undersigned, General-in-Chief of the Army, has received from the President of the United States the following communication:

COMMANDING GENERAL ARMY OF THE UNITED STATES:

You are engaged in repressin an insurrection against the laws of the United States. If at any point on or in the vicinity of the military line which is now used between the city of Philadelphia via Perryville, Annapolis City and Annapolis Junction you find resistance which renders it necessary to suspend the writ of habeas corpus for the public safety, you personally or through the officer in command at the point where resistance occurs are authorized to suspend that writ.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

