
In accordance with the foregoing warrant the undersigned devolves on Major-General Patterson, commanding the Department of Pennsylvania, Delaware and Maryland; Brigadier-General Butler, commanding the Department of Annapolis, and Colonel Mansfield, commanding the Washington Department a like authority each within the limits of his command to execute in all proper cases the instructions of the President.

WINFIELD SCOTT.

DEPARTMENT OF ANNAPOLIS,

May 6, 1861.

Lieutenant-General SCOTT.

GENERAL: In obedience to your command, I have occupied the station at the Relay House, nine miles from Baltimore. * * *

An officer has been detailed to examine the trains and stop all armed men, arms and munitions of war. Before, however, we established a full surveillance of the trains a squad of some tne or twelve men from Baltimore passed up the road to join the traitors at Harper's Ferry.

* * * I learn that I am in the immediate neighborhood of the residence of Major-General Carroll, a gentleman who is most bitter in his hostility to the Government, who ordered out the troops [militia] under his command to oppose the passage of the U. S. troops across Baltimore. Two companies of cavalry alone responded to the call from this vicinity. They were commanded by Captain William H. B. Dorsey and Captain George R. Gaither, Jr., both violent rebels who have more than once put themselves in a hostile attitude to the United States Government. They have conducted themselves with great violence and in fact are now in arms against the United although nominally holding commissions from the governor of Maryland. Can anything be done with them? Might they not be arrested and at least restrained until we are certain what will be the disposition of Maryland? But this is a matter for your better judgment.

* *

I trust my acts may meet your approbation whatever you may think of my suggestions.

Most truly, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, May 7, 1861.

Brigadier General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding, &amp;c., Relay House.

GENERAL: The general-in-chief directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 6th instant and to say in reply that in regard to the arresting of persons who commit acts of hostility to the Government you are clothed with the same authority which has been conferred upon him and he has confidence in your discreet exercise of it.

In relation to the surveillance of trains passing into Virginia the general approves it.

* *

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

