
Senate of Maryland on the 4th instant which I have just seen, it is due to myself that I should lay before you the grounds on which the statement was made to the board of police on which they as well as myself acted. I seriously regret that so grave a misundersanding exists between the governor and myself on so important a subject.

On the evening of the 19th ultimo and after the collision had taken place I mentioned to Governor Hicks that I had begun to fear it might be necessary to burn the railroad bridges, but I did not then in consequenceof intelligence which had been received think it would be; to which he replied that he had no authority to give such an order.

* *

At about 12 p. m. the Honorable E. Louis Lowe and Marshal George P. Kane called at my house where Governor Hicks was passing the night and Marshal Kane informed me that a telegram had been received that other troops were to come to Baltimore over the Northern Central Railroad. There was also a report that troops were on their way who it was thought might even then be at Perryville on their way who it was thought might even then be at Perryville on their way to Baltimore. Mr. Lowe, Marshal Kane, my brother, John Cumming Breown, and myself went immediately to the chamber of Governor Hicks and laid the matter before him.ressed that if troops were suddenly to come to Baltimore with a determination to pass through a terrible collision and bloodshed would take place and the consequences to Baltimore would be fearful and that the only way to avert the calamity was to destroy the bridges. To this the governor replied, "It seems to be necessary," or words to that effect.

He was than asked by me whether he gave his consent to the destruction of the bridges and he distinctly althouh apparently with great reluctance replied in the affirmative. I do not asser that I have given the precise language used by Governor Hicks but I am very clear that I have stated it with substantial correctness and that his assent was unequivocal and in answer to a question by me which elicited a distinct affirmative reply.

After this but before the interview was over two gentlemen came into the room both of them strangers to me but one was introduced as the brother of Governor Hicks and I am confident that the assent of the governor to the burning of the bridges was repeated in the presence of those gentlemen.

I went immediately from the chamber of the governor to the officer of the marshal of police where Charles Howard, esq., the president of the board of police, was waiting and reported to him the assent of the governor to the destruction of the bridges.

Mr. Howard or some one else made a further inquiry as to what had been said by the governor whereupon Mr. Lowe, Marshal Kane and my brother, John C. Brown, all declared that they were present at the interview and heard Governor Hicks give his assent.

The order to destroy the bridges was accordingly given and carried out in the manner already reported to your honorable body.

I refer to the accompanying statements of Colonel Kane and Mr. J. C. Brown* in confirmation of the correctness of my recollection of what occurred at the interview with Governor Hicks.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

GEO. WM. BROWN,

Mayor.

---------------

*Statements omitted. Both confirm the mayor's version. See Series I, Vol. II, pp. 11-15.

---------------

