HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ANNAPOLIS,Federal Hill, Baltimore, May 15, 1861.

Lieutenant-General SCOTT:

* * * Thus the carrying off of some 400 or 500 stand of arms was accompalished by the police under the direction of the board of police. I found certain other arms being shipped apparently for improper purposes to a place called Snow Hill. I have sent out and brought in forty minier rifles. The remaining arms stored opposite the customhouse amounting to 2,700 stand I have caused to be seized and sent to Fort McHenry. I have caused Mr. Ross Winans to be arrested and sent to Annapolis; but for great safety as I have no place of confinement save a jail I shall cause him to be removed to Fort McHenry, there to await the action of the civil authorities unless otherwise ordered. I have found several manufactures of arms, supplies and munitions of war for the rebels who are being constantly supplied from the city.

* *

I have issued a proclamation a copy of which I inclose* and which I trust you will approve. It became necessary in my judgemtn in order to set right the thousand conflicting stories and rumors of the intentions of the Government as to Baltimore which were taken advantage of by the mob to incite insubordination and encourage a spirit of insurrection, and which whowed itself upon our taking possession of the Government arms but was instantly suppressed upon a show of force.

* *

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort McHenry, Md., May 16, 1861.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters of the Army, Washington, D. C.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report for the information of the lieutenant-general commanding the army that by direction of Brigadier General B. F. Butler, commanding the Department of Annapolis, I yesterday received as a prisoner for safe-keeping Mr. Ross Winans of the city of Baltimore, charged with treason against the United States.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. MORRIS,

Major Fourth Artillery, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, May 16, 1861.

Bvt. Major General G. CADWALADER, U. S. Army,

Commanding Department of Annapolis, Baltimore, Md.

SIR: I have already by the direction of the general-in-chief addressed to you a letter and a telegram of yesteday's date and have received your acknowledgment of the letter. Herewith you will receive a power+ to arrest persons under certain circumstances and to hold them prisoners though they should be demanded by wirts of habeas corpus

---------------

*Omitted here. See Series I, Vol. II, p. 30.

+Not found. But see closing paragraph of Cadwalader's answer, following.

---------------

