
civil authorities in the district where the offense was committed would take cognizance of these cases and hold the men by bail to appear in the future. If they would do so to turn them over, first (as I understand they are responsible persons) requiring them to take oath to commit no act of hostility against the United States. If the civil authorities will receive these men I think the effect of offering them will be a happy one.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. PORTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS CAMP SUSQUEHANNA,Perryville, Md., May 19, 1861.

Major F. J. PORTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that last evening signal rockets were reported in direction of Aberdeen. I immediately proceeded to Havre de Grace (Lieutenant-Colonel Birney being absent) and findingthey were not according to code agreed upon considered no re-enforcement necessary. I proceeded to Aberdeen to ascertain why the rockets had been fired and at that post they were reported as having been seen in the direction of Perrymansville. Taking a guard to that point I found all quiet.

Information having been given in relation to Captain Benedict H. Kean, in command of Spesutia Rangers, William B. Michael and Thomas Wilson, Captain Hofmann, of Company E, First Regiment, Philadelphia City Guards, arrested them, the first as in command of forces hostile to United States and the two latter-named gentlemen as being engaged in destruction of bridges. The arrests were made quietly and every consideration shown to the gentlemen detained. They were taken to Perryville and lodged at my quarters. From representations made by Captain Kean and by other parties the Spesutia Rangers have not been engaged or intending to engage against the Government. His action in opposing the destruction of the bridges as represented by credible parties induced his release on parole of honor to appear if wanted. The others I believe to have been engaged in destruction of bridges and that the evidence will be ample to sustain the fact. I am now detaining them until I receive instructions from headquarters.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. P. DARE,

Commanding Post.
HDQRS. Co. E, FIRST Regiment, PHILADELPHIA CITY GUARDS,Bush River, Md., May 23, 1861.

Personally appeared before me in the service of the United States Alonzo Brownman, a resident of this place, who being duly sworn by me said that Benjamin Elliott, of Hall Cross Roads; Oliver Kenly, of Hall Cross Roads; Sidney Hall, near Perrymansville; Rush Dalam, of Perrymansville; Lewis Michael, of Bush River Neck; James Halloway, near Perrymansville; Augustus Hoffman, Perrymansville; Robert Smith, Sputer (Spesutia?); John Quin, Perrymansville; William Wilson, Perrymansville; William Michael and Eldridge Gallp, Perry-

