
[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS,May 21, 1861.

Captain HECKMAN, Company D.

SIR: I have been directed by Major-General Keim to seize the arms of the company near you and arrest the captain if in arms against the Government. You will be cautious in your movements and be well satisfied that the captain or any of them are spreading secession sentiments and using their infleunce in favor of the Southern Confederacy. By all means get the arms. Do not make it known until you are ready and be sure that you accompalish your purpose. If you think you need any assistance you can call upon Company E, at Cockeysville. If you arrest the captain take him to General Cadwalader's department. Do not be precipitate. Act cooly and deliberately but determinedly.

Yours, &amp;c.,

SAM'L YOHE,

Colonel First Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

This is certify that Mr. John Merryman was arrested by orders of Colonel Yohe as first lieutenant of a secession company who have in their possession arms belonging to the United States Gopvernment for the purpose of using the same against the Government. The prisoner acknowledged being lieutenant of said company in the presence of Adjutant Miltimore, of First Regiment of Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Lieutenant Abel, Company D, First Regiment. It can also be proven that the prisoner has been drilling with his company and has uttered and advanced secession doctrines. The prisoner was arrested on the morning of May 25 at his residence about two miles from Cockeysville.

JAMES MILTIMORE, Adjutant,

WILLIAM H. ABEL, Lieutenant,

First Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA,

District of Maryland, to wit:

To GEORGE CADWALADER, GREETING:

You are hereby commanded to be and appear before the Honorable Roger B. Taney, Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, at the U. S. court room in the Masonic Hal in the city of Baltimore on Monday, the 27th day of May, 1861, at 11 o'clock in the morning, and that you have with you the body of John Merryman, of Baltimore County, and now in your custody, and that you certify and make known the dayand cause of the capture and detention of the said John Merryman, and that you then and there do submit to and receive whatsoaccording to law, and have you then and there this writ.

Witness, the Honorable R. B. Taney, Chief Justice of our Supreme Court, the first Monday in December, in the year of our Lord 1861.

[SEAL.]

THOS. SPICER,

Circuit Clerk.

