
violation of the treaty stimulations entered into by the authorities of the State of Texas and General Twiggs. The enlisted men of the company are now under my charge. Lieutenant Read will report in person at your office this morning at 10 o'clock.

* * * *

I am, major, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES DUFF,

Captain, Commanding Company Citizens Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS C. S. ARMY,San Antonio, Tex., April 24, 1861.

The within writing does not take from Colonel W. Hoffman the privilege of reporting the facts of his arrest as a prisoners of war and that of his command to the War Department of the United States, and its restrictions are so far suspended as to enable him to grant to discharge to Principal Musician Theodore Knoll, Eighth Regiment of Infantry.

S. MACLIN,

Major of Infantry, C. S. Army, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS C. S. ARMY IN TEXAS,San Antonio, April 24, 1861.

I do hereby declare upon my honor and pledge myself as a gentleman and a soldier that I will not take up arms or serve in the field against the Government of the Confederate States of America under my present or any other commission that I may hold during the existence of the present war between the Union States and the Government of the Confederate States of America; that I will no correspond with the authorities of the United States, either military or civil, giving information against the interest of the Confederate States of America, until regularly exchanged.

W. HOFFMAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel Eighth Infantry.

MONTGOMERY, April 26, 1861.

Colonel HENRY E. McCULLOCH, San Antonio, Tex.:

You have the consent of the Department to pursue to course indicated in your letter of the 7th. Hold them as prisoners of war.

L. P. WALKER.
HEADQUARTERS TROOPS IN TEXAS,San Antonio, Tex., May 10, 1861.

Brigadier General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Montgomery, Ala.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I met the last column of the U. S. troops in Texas yesterday at noon on the El Paso road, about thirteen miles from this city, and that Colonel Reeve, the commanding officer, being satisfied of my greatly superior force, surren-

