
may make it necessary that a trial to be impartial and just to the prisoners and the Government shall be postponed for some months. Must they be held here during the delay? Would not Fort Delaware considering the necessity of the case be sufficiently within the law of vicinage to justify their detention there? And if such temporary imprisonment should not be within the law asit now exists ought not the attention of Congress to be called to this most important subject during the present session? I submit these questions to the Government in view of the arress that are likely to be made of persons who are engaged in commission of high crimes against the Government of the United States and the wholly insufficient accommodations that now exist at Fort McHenry for the safe-keeping of prisoners. It is proper that I should accompany this representation with an expression of my approval of the course pursued by the faithful commandant of the fort, Major W. W. Morris.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding Department of Annapolis.
HEADQUARTERS,[Washington,] July 17, 1861.

Major-General BANKS, U. S. Army,

Commanding Department of Annapolis, Baltimore, Md.

SIR: * * * The general is aware of the difficulties attending the custody of prisoners at Fort McHenry but at present sees no remedy for them. He supposes the prisoners to have been of course disarmed and that force would beused to prevent their escape under all circumstances. A regimentofthree-years' men from Vermont will be ordered to report to you without delay.

I have the honor to be, sir, &amp;c.,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Resolutions of the General Assembly of Maryland in relation to the arrest and imprisonment of Ross Winans, esq., &c.

BALTIMORE, MD., July 29, 1861.

Honorable JAMES A. PEARCE and Honorable ANTHONY KENNEDY,

[Washington, D. C.]

GENTLEMEN: When I sent you the printed copies of the resolutions [of the General Assembly of Maryland] herewith inclosed I had not received the official copy which I now send to you with the concurrence of the president of the senate of Maryland.

Very respectfully,

E. G. KILBOURN,

Speaker of the House of Delegates.

[Inclosure]

Whereas, Ross Winans, a member of the house of delegates of Maryland from the city of Baltimore, on his way to his home from the discharge of his official duties on the 14th of May last was arbitrarily and illegally arrested on a public highway in the presence of the governor

