
dered unconditionally. There were 10 officers and 337 men, including 30 men who were captured some time since in San Antonio by Captain James Duff which I have heretofore neglected to report.

My command consisted of Colonel McCulloch's cavalry, viz, six companies, Captains Pitts, Tobin, Ashby, Boggess, Fry, and Nelson; a squadron of Colonel Ford's State troops, under Lieutenant-Colonel Baylor's command, viz, Captains Walker and Pyron; a battery of light artillery, Captain Edgar; a section of artillery, Captain Teel; two small detachments of horse, under Lieutenants Paul and Dwyer; and an independent detachment of cavalry, Captain Goode. All these troops I placed under the command of Colonel H. E. McCulloch. In addition to these there was a battalion of infantry, raised for the occasion in San Antonio, under command of Lieutenant Colonel James Duff, Captains Maverick, Wilcox, Kampmann, Navarro, and Prescott, Major John M. Carolan. In all, about 1,300 men. I have been actuated in this instance by the same motive which induced me to bring an overwhelming force against the U. S. troops at Indianola-viz, a desire to arrest and disarm them without bloodshed.

All the arms and other public property are now being turned over to officers appointed to receive them, and the officers, and men are in camp at the San Pedro Springs, near this city.

Having in consideration the proclamation of the President of the United States declaring certain persons "pirates" under the laws of the United States for seizures of vessels or good by persons acting by authority of the Confederate States, I have determined to hold these prisoners of war until I receive further instructions from you. If the officers prefer it I shall allow them to proceed to Montgomery on parole, to report to you for your decision.

It would not do justice to the troops under my command if I failed to report to you the admirable manner in which they conducted themselves throughout the expedition; the cheerful obedience to the orders of the officers elected over them; the discipline that was maintained in their camp, where judges, lawyers, mechanics, and laborers could be seen walking post as sentinels on the same rounds, all willing to do duty in a good cause, and at the close there was delicacy of brave men, of soldiers, which checked everything like exultation over an unfortunable enemy whom a stern necessity had caused us to disarm. It was gratifying to me, as it is a pleasure to me to report to you, that the whole expedition passed off without one unpleasant incident.

The gentlemen who were at headquarters with me, to whom I am indebted for services cheerfully and promptly rendered, for which I owe them my thanks, were Colonel P. N. Luckett, quartermaster-general of Texas, Major G. J. Howard, Mr. J. T. Ward, General James Willie, Dr. H. P. Howard, Mr. R. A. Howard, Mr. D. E. Tessier, Judges Fred. Tate and T. J. Devine, Capts. D. D. Shea, and W. T. Mechling, and J. F. Minter, and Lieutenant J. P. Major, C. S. Army.

Very respectfully, sir, I am your obedient servant,

EARL VAN DORN,

Colonel, Commanding.

[For Van Dorn's General Orders, Nos. 4 and 5, of May 3 and May 13, respectively, congratulating his troops on their valuable services in securing the surrender, see Series I, Vol. I, pp. 632, 634.]

