
There is no doubt that a majority of the Union men in Baltimore desire the sppression of all the oppsotiion presses in the city but there are many-and among them some of the most discreet-who think differently. The city is now very quiet and under control though my force is smaller than I asked. There is a good deal of impatience among some of the Union men. They wish to have something done. The feeling is very much like that which prevailed in Washington before the movement against Manassas. It would not be difficult to get up a political Bull Run disaster in this State. If the Government will give me the number of regiments I ask and leave them with me when I have trained them to the special service they may have to peform I will respond for the quietude of this city. Should the time for action come I shall be ready. In the meantime preparation is going on. I am fortifying Federal Hill under a general plan of defense suggested by me and approved by General Scott. Two other works will be commanded the moment I can get an engineer from Washington. On the Eastern Shore there should be prompt and decisive action. I have urged it repeatedly and earnestly during the last three weeks. Two well-disciplined regiments should march from Salisbury, the southern teminus of the Wilmington and Delaware Railroad, through Accomack and Northampton Counties and break up the rebel camps before they ripen into formidable organizations as they assuredly will if they are much longer undisturbed. No man is more strongly in favor of action than I am but I want it in the right place. We are in more danger on the Eastern Shore than in any other part of the State.

I am, dear sir, sincerely yours,

JOHN A. DIX.

[Indorsement.]

Reffered to General McClellan. I believe the Exchange, Republican and South should be suppressed. They are open disunionists. The Sun is in sympathy but less diabolical.

M. B[LAIR].
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA,Baltimore, Md., September 4, 1861.

Major General G. B. McCLELLAN,

Commanding Army of the Potomac.

GENERAL: No secession flag has to the knowledge of the police been exhibited in Baltimore for many weeks, except a small paper fla gdisplayed by a child from an upper window. It was immediately removed by them. Theyhave been instructed to arrest any person who makes a public demonstruction by word or deed in favor of the Confederate Government and I have prohibited the exhibition in shop windows of rebel envelopes and music. The informant of the Secretary of the Treasury does not appear to have mentioned special cases and you know how unreliable general statements are.

The old police when disbanded consisted of 416 persons. Twenty-seven are in our service. Several have been discharged. There are now about 350 left. The great part of them are obscure and inoffensive persons. Some of them are Union men. There are I am confient not over forty or fifty who would not take the oath of allegiance. There are some very mischivous, worthless fellows, but they are quiet. We only want a pretext for arresting them. They have up to this time been

