
from the Twenty-first Regiment Indiana Volunteers, commanded by Captain James Grimsley. Four prisoners are ordered to Fort Lafayette, viz: George P. Kane, late marshal of police of Baltimore City; Robert Drane, citizen of Fairfax County, Va. ; Arthur Dawson, citizen of Faifax County, Va. ; Benjamin Eggleston, citizen of Washington, D. C. The other twenty-six have been sent to Fort Columbis. The only person of note among then is Colonel John Pegram.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General, Commanding.

BALTIMORE, September 15, 1861.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

DEAR GOVERNOR: I thank you in the name of every truley loyal man in Baltimore and in my own poor name too for your arrest of the traitors whom you have sent to Fortress Monroe. A great and a good work has been done. Rebellion has received a straggering blow. I hope General Banks will take care that the Legislature shall not sit at all. There are thin-skinned Union men enough who will seek to get a quorum for the sake of the $4 a day. General Kimmel is one of them. He told me a day or two ago he wanted to have a chance to pass his foolish resolutions. I bade him take up his musket rather and go to the field.

The arrest of W. Wilkins Glenn,* the proprietor of the Exchange, has given intense satisfaction. Beale Richardson and his writing editor Joice, of the Republican, are very violent and would grace the Tortugas. If the exchange should go on a Doctor Palmer and a William H. Carpenter are the ostensible editors, and both write with bitterness. They too would do well at Tortugas. A Mr. Hodges here told me last evening that any amoung of money could be raised to continue the Exchange, but saidhe, "What's the use? We can't get it through the mails. " I still think they will try to keep it up just for a vent of their spleen and sinister designs. Our provost-marshal, Mr. Dodge, whom I havejust left, is anxious to have it bought up by the Union men but that's impossible. It is in debt some $40,000 and wold be worth nothing to the Union cause because all its supporters are rebels who would instantly withdraw. My own judgment is that it should be suppressed out and out if it is continued. The South [newspaer] has stopped after trying to get up a Polignac revolution. May's arrest* has caused infinite pleasure because of his hypocrisy and malignancy.

The effect of these arrests must determine very rapidly the status of the floating population who are ever on the watch for the stronger side. I have already heard of cases in our favor. We are determined to prevent any rebel voting if he will not take the oath of allegiance. It is to be done by a system of challenging. The new mayor has already surrendered the pistols retained by the old police and evinces a reaidness to co-operate with the Federal authorities. His name is Blackburn. It is intimated that General Howard has taken the hint and will not accept the rebel nomination for Governor. If he does he should be sent at once to Fortress Monroe, and so too of Jarrett, the rebel nominee for comptorller. I hope the Government will not release a single one of these prisoners let the circumstances be what they may. The effect of these prisoners let the circumstances be what they may. The effect upon the publicmind depends largely upon firmness at this juncture. Faithfully, yours,

W. G. SNETHEN.

---------------

*See Vol. II, this series, for cases of Glenn and May.

---------------

