
299 F STREET, Washington, September 24, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: Since the arrest of William G. Harrison, of Baltimore, a member of the Legislature of Maryland, I hae had occasion to efer to a letter from which in reply to one of mine inquiring why he had not presented a petition which I had sent to him in relation to the capture of M. C. Causten by an armed band from Virginia.

The reason for not presenting my memorial that "the Federal relations of the Stae were such that I did not present it" of course made me very indignant and I did not reply to him, as I could not in a temperate style for we had been shcoolmates nearly fifty years ago. Now I consider it myduty to transmit his note and my original petition to you, as in my humble opinion it shows his animus in relation to the Federal Government. More than forty years since I took an oath to support the Constitution of the United States and I have repeated it on many occasions and will keep it.

Now, my dear sir, on behalf of thousands of distressed individuals who have relatives and friends prisoners to the Confederates as they call themsevles I pray you to adopt some course by which they may return to their homes. The late accounts from the South state the Union prisoners are being sent to New Orleans and Charleston where of course nearly half of them may be carried off by the yellow fever.

With great respect, I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

McCLINTOCK YOUNG.

P. S. -As I am a perfect stranger to you I would merely state that I was for many years chief clerk of the Treasury Department and often perfomred the duties of the head of the Department by appointments of Presidents Jackson, Van Buren, Tyler, Polk and Taylor.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

BALTIMORE, July 11, 1861.

McC. YOUNG, Esq., Washington.

MY DEAR SIR: In reply to your request under date 5th instant I now return to you the memorial sent me to present. The Federal relations of the State were such that I did not present it.

Very truly,

WM. G. HARRISON.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

WASHINGTON CITY, June 9, 1861.

THE HONORABLE THE GENERAL ASSEMBLY OF THE STATE OF MARYLAND:

The petition of the undersigned, a citizen of the State of Maryland residing in the city of Washington, respectfully showeth that on Monday last an armed body of them from Virginia invaded the State of Maryland near Seneca, in Montgomery County, and by force arrested and carried into Virginia Manual C. Causten (brother-in-lasw of your petitioner) who was on a visit to his wife. Said Causten is a private in a volunteer mounted company of this city and was not on may military duty when he was kidnaped and carried out of the State by armed men. Rumor states that he was taken to Manassas Junction and thence to Richmond, but to this date none of his family or friends are aware of what has become of him.

