
Now your petitioner prays that your honorable body may inquire into the facts relating to this invasion and desecration of the soil of my native State and demand proper reparation from the State of Virginia and the immediate release of said Causten.

And your petitioner will ever pray, &amp;c.,

McCLINTOCK YOUNG.

PRIVATE.] BALTIMORE, September 25, 1861.

REVERDY JOHNSON, Esw.

MY DEAR JOHNSON: * * * In regard to the peace convention I still think it defunct; but it will be well not to be thrown off our guard and if there shold be any indications of its revival I shall be informed of it. From present appearances there will be no opposition to the Union tickets either in this city or county. Much will depend, however, upon the turn of events. If the rebels should lick us or obtain any decided advantage over us the rebel sentiment here will revive. Otherwise it will remain cowed as it is now. I do not think it wold be wise to cease making arrests entirely. Some evidence that the power is with the Government should be kept before the eyes of the discontented few. It has a most salutary effect.

Yours, truly,

WM. PRICE.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA,Baltimore, Md., October 5, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: * * * I have become somewhat suspicious of charges against individuals unless they are well supported by statements from reliable sources. I arrested in an interior country and brought to this city two men charged with open acts of hostility to the Government on testimony vouched by the U. S. marshal, and yet they turned out to be two of the most consistent and active Union men in the neighborhood.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A DIX,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA,Baltimore, Md., October 10, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: I have carefully examined the papers in the case of Dr. A. C. Robinson and have some doubt about the expediency of allowing him to return to Baltimore until after the fall election-say the 10th of November. He has been a very violent secessionist, and even through he should takethe oath of allegiance and abstain from any act of hostility to the Government he would not consider himself precluded from a participation in the proceedings of his party in support of the peace ticket. He is not a dangerous man like Wallis but I would rather have him away from Baltimore for the next three weeks at least.

It looks very much as though we should carry out ticket without any organized opposition. I am confident at all events that Maryland will be a Union State in November. Until then I think it would be wise to let those who have been active against the Government and have

