
of transportation of every kind as may be necessary for an efficient and orderly movement of the troops, prepared for attack or defense against aggressions from any source.

The troops will carry with them provisions as far as the coast.

By order of Brevet Major-General Twiggs:

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 9.]

CIRCULAR.] SAN ANTONIO, February 18, 1861.

The undersigned, commissioned on the part of the State of Texas, fully empowered to exercise the authority undertaken by them, have formally and solemnly agreed with Bvt. Major General David E. Twiggs, U. S. Army, commanding the Department of Texas, that the troops of the United States shall leave the soil of the State by the way of the coast; that they shall take with them the arms of the respective corps, including the battery of light artillery at Fort Duncan and the battery of the same character at Fort Bown, and shall be allowed the necessary means for regular and comfortable movement, provisions, tents, &amp;c., and transportation.

It is the desire of the commission that there shall be no infraction of this agreement on the part of the people of the State. It is their wish, on the contrary, that every facility shall be afforded the troops. They are our friends. They have heretofore afforded to our people all the protection in their power, and we owe them every consideration.

The public property at the various posts, other than that above recited for the use of the troops, will be turned over to agents to be appointed by the commission, who will give due and proper receipts for the whole to the officers of the Army whom they relieve from the custody of the public property.

THOS. J. DEVINE,

P. N. LUCKETT,

S. A. MAVERICK,

Commissioners on behalf of Committee of Public Safety.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF TEXAS, Numbers 27. San Antonio, February 18, 1861.

I. The State troops having taken possession of the city of San Antonio and the property that belonged to the Federal Government, the officers of the general staff - viz, Bvt. Major W. A. Nichols, assistant adjutant-general; Major D. H. Vinton, quartermaster; Captain A. W. Reynolds, assistant quartermaster; Military Store-keeper R. M. Potter; Captain W. B. Blair, commissary of subsistence; Surg. E. H. Abadie, Medical Department; Major S. Maclin, paymaster; Major D. McClure, paymaster; Bvt. Second Lieutenants W. H. Echols and Nicolas Bowen, Topographical Engineers, and Captain R. H. K. Whiteley, Ordnance Department - will, as soon as their several functions shall cease, proceed to Washington City, D. C., and report to the chiefs of their respective bureaus. The chief quartermaster will advance to each officer named the mileage from this place to Washington City.

By order of Brevet Major-General Twiggs:

W. A. NICHOLS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

