
ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Montgomery, May 25, 1861.

Colonel EARL VAN DORN,

Commanding Department of Texas, San Antonio, Tex.

SIR: Your letter of the 10th instant, reporting the capture of 10 officers and 337 men, consisting of the command of Brevet Colonel Reeve, U. S. Army, has been received and submitted to the Secretary of War. In answer I am instructed to say that the Department is constrained under existing state of things to order that both officers and men of this command be retained in Texas as prisoners of war until further orders or until duly exchanged. All future communication for this office will be directed to Richmond, Va.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS TROOPS IN TEXAS,San Antonio, June 3, 1861.

Brigadier-General COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Montgomery, Ala.

GENERAL: I have the honor herewith to report my operations as commander of the troops in Texas for the last part of April and the month of May; also to inclose you copies* of all orders issued by me, and of all letters of instructions given to officers under my command.

I respectfully refer to my reports * * * in regard to the seizure of the Star of the West, the capture of the U. S. troops at Saluria, under Major Sibley, and of those under Colonel Reeve, near this city, the latter now held as prisoners of war, and subject to your orders.

* * * *

Colonel Reeve's command (prisoners of war) are now quartered in this city, but I shall move them into camp in a few days. They are quite an expense to us. Will you please give me some general rules in regard to the allowances, &amp;c., of prisoners of war.

I do not know whether or not it was the intention of the War Department that I should be continued in Texas. I have executed my orders in regard to the capture of the U. S. troops, and at the same time that I do not wish to be considered as shrinking from any duty that may be imposed upon me in times like these, I must say that I would prefer being where I might have active service suitable to my age and inclinations. My duties here now are entirely in the office, where an older man would be infinitely more efficient than myself.

Very respectfully, general, I am your obedient servant,

EARL VAN DORN,

Colonel, Commanding.

* Inclosures omitted here.

