
with some emphasis that if there was any such plan on foot that I would myself rouse the people of Maryland from one end of the State to the other, and would resist and put down the movement; and I further added that I intended to call upon him on the following day and have some conversation with him on the subject. The reply of Mr. Wallis was made in the blandest manner, and I felt that I had not expressed myself in the same calm temper. He assured me that I had done him simple justice; that he had no knowledge nor information that any such movement was in contemplation, and that he had not previously heard of the suspicion, and that if any such movement was attempted he would certainly oppose it to the utmost of his power.

Although I was quite satisfied with his assurance I thought it might be well in order to allay apprehensions of others to procure from Mr. Wallis something in writing and in a form to be published in the papers. And I went immediately to my private office and wrote a letter addressed to Mr. Wallis which I carried next morning to his office. After a full, frank and friendly conversation I stated to Mr. Wallis that I had in my pocket a letter addressed to him written by me and which I had intended to deliver so as to draw a reply for publication; but that I would not deliver it for two reasons which I assigned--firstly, that the call upon him to speak his own views as to the anticipated action of the Legislature would be disrespectful to him after the clear language of his report, and would cast unwarranted suspicion on the members of the Legislature generally, and for many of whom I had sincere respect; secondly, because I had personally great repugnance to any unnecessary appearance in the public papers.

I left Mr. Wallis on this last occasion with the expression of an earnest hope that as there was really no public matter requiring attention at the time that the Legislature would promptly adjourn. He fully concurred in the propriety of an early adjournment, and I am convinced that if the Legislature had met he would have urged an early adjournment.

WM. SCHLEY.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, CASEY'S DIVISION,Bladensburg, November 9, 1861.

Captain H. W. SMITH, Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with General Casey's instructions I have the honor to submit the following report of my expedition to the lower counties of Maryland:

* * * * * *

Throughout Calvert County I found very warm receptions from Union men and others. At Prince Frederick alone was there any open attempt of violence directed toward Union men. The following persons were arrested: Honorable Augustus R. Sollers, ex-M. C. He used the most violent and treasonable language, drew a large knife and cut to the right and left. He was secured and brought in by Colonel Welch to Lower Marlborough where he was taken so ill with gout that I could to bring him but left him on his parole to report at Washington as soon as he is able to move. Mervin B. Hance, Walter Hellen, William D. Williams and John Broome were arrested charged with treasonable language and with carrying weapons. They also were brought to Lower Marlborough. I released them under oath of fealty and that they had not borne arms against our forces.

