
a permit to visit the political prisoners confined in the several forts has abused the privilege by seeking to be employed as an attorney to intercede for their release from confinement. You will therefore please inform all the prisoners confined at Fort Warren that this Department will not recognize any person as an attorney in such cases, and that if the fact comes to the knowledge of the Department that any prisoner has agreed to pay to any attorney a sum of money or to give to him anything of value as a consideration for interceding for the release of such prisoner that fact will be held as an additional reason for continuing the confinement of such person. You will also please say to the prisoners that it is the wish of the Government that they should communicate whatever they may have to say directly to this Department.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

NOTE. --John L. Bouldin, Robert Rae, A. R. Carter, Charles D. French, Thomas Shields, George Thompson, S. B. Frost, A. Williamson, David H. Lucchesi, William G. Harrison,* John J. Heckart,* Leonard G. Quinlan,* George W. Landing* and William E. Salmon* were released. Subsequently on substantially the same terms Andrew Kessler,* Thomas J. Claggett,* J. Lawrence Jones,* Dr. Andrew A. Lynch,* Charles H. Pitts,* J. Hanson Thomas,* Clarke J. Durant,* P. F. Rasin* and Robert M. Denison* were ordered to be released. For some of them the form of oath was modified.

BALTIMORE, December 9, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

DEAR SIR: I would advise you to keep a sharp lookout for Mr. Henry May, M. C., and Mr. Vallandigham, as they in all probability will use every means in their power to render aid to the Southern rebels, and if circumstances were favorable to their cause would go off as Mr. Breckinridge, did, as while he (Breckinridge) was in this city they were on the speaker's stand with him giving aid and countenance to his treason and were also announced to speak after him, and I have no doubt but what they would have given utterance to the same wicked and treacherous sentiments if they had been permitted. For a number of days thereafter they all three with other rebels were loitering about the city, and took a private boat and went down the river and around Fort McHenry taking observations, and I have every reason to believe that one is as guilty as the other, and Mr. Breckinridge has shown conclusively what he is.

I fear too much confidence is placed in the loyalty of Baltimoreans. I am sure that the rebel spirit here if not closely watched is as dangerous as ever; that many persons professing loyalty are base traitors to their country, and unfortunately some few such are kept in office under the Government. I have been engaged since April last in attending to the wants of soldiers, carrying water and such like and nothing else. About the 19th April last I with others were threatened with violence, but I told them publicly on that day and at the risk of violence that the Stars and Stripes would be perpetuated, and that the time would come when many of them would be hung, and that I was a candidate for hangman general, and as I was one of the number who

---------------

*Members of the Maryland Legislature. Order releasing remainder of the imprisoned members will be found at p. 748. See "Arrest and detention of Certain Members of the Maryland Legislature," p. 667 et seq.

---------------

