
voted for Abraham Lincoln I found there was no chance for anything else in Baltimore, consequently I urge my claims on the Government.

Your most obedient servant,

G. A. FARQUHAR,

An old Correspondent.

PRINCE FREDERICKTOWN, CALVERT COUNTY, MD.

(Received December 9.)

Governor SEWARD.

DEAR SIR: I received a few days since a letter from my friend, the Honorable Reverdy Johnson, inclosing a note from you in which you direct me to report to you at the State Department at my convenience and in the meantime remain upon my parole. The same day you wrote this I was discharged from arrest by General Dix in Baltimore who kindly investigated my case. I had been very ill a few days previous to my arrival in Baltimore whither I had gone the moment I was able to leave my bed on my way to Washington to report myself to General Casey according to the order of General Howard. My friend Mr. William Price called upon General Dix and explained to him the circumstances under which I was arrested and the charges alleged against me and showed him the most ample proof in refutation of them, upon which I was sent for by the general who after requiring me to take the oath of allegiance (which I most cheerfully and willingly did) promptly discharged me. I take it for granted that after this that I shall not be required to report myself at the State Department.

The truth is, Governor Seward, my arrest was a simple outrage only to be excused upon the ground of over zeal in the officer who ordered it. He declared here he had no orders from Washington to arrest me, but that since he had arrived he had been informed that I and other shad formed a plan to take the polls on the day of the election and prevent the Union men from voting. Now this may have been told Colonel Welch, but it was as pure a fabrication as ever was invented by with and malice combined, and I have certificates and affidavits from nearly al the leading Union men in the district and county to that effect. The truth is I took no part in the election; never attended a public meeting and never publicly or even privately expressed any opinion about it, or the questions upon which th

Colonel Welch says he was also informed that I had forced my son to go to Virginia and join the Confederate Army. This is equally false, and I produced to General Dix abundant proof of this. My son and my only son did join the Confederate Army, but against my earnest entreaties and the tears of his mother and sisters. I commanded him not to go. I held out every inducement for him to remain that I was able to hold out. In truth when he did go I denounced him for doing so and ordered him to hold no further intercourse with me or any of the family. But he was twenty-four years old and beyond my authority.

These are the charges against me. "The very head and front of my offending hath this extent, no more. " I have before heard of this last charge and that it had been brought against me in Washington, and when the First Massachusetts Regiment under Colonel Cowdin visited this county some two months ago they sought to arrest me. I was driven from my home, family and business and lived in the woods for weeks. They visited my house the night of their arrival and searched for me; they placed a guard of 150 men around it; they killed my hogs, sheep, poultry and wantonly shot the best horse on the farm, for all of which I was never offered a cent nor have I since received a cent.

