
Now, all this has been endured by as loyal a citizen as any in this State; so help me Heaven I have never perpetrated or dreamt of perpetrating an act that malice could construe into treason, for I hold that allegiance and protection are reciprocal obligations and that it is both treasonable and dishonorable for a citizen living under the protection of the Government to assist or aid in any way the enemies of that Government. God knows I have not received much of its protection lately; but notwithstanding all my persecutions I have sternly refused (although importuned very often to do so) to aid those in arms against the Government. Many persons have passed through this county on their way to Virginia, and contraband of many kinds have also been sent by the same route and I have been called upon to assist in the work. I have always refused to have anything to do with such matters, and have even refused to let strangers enter my house when I suspected where they were going.

For all this I have incurred the displeasure of some of my best friends and looked upon with suspicion and distrust by many others. But for my loyalty I have received nothing but persecution; I have ben driven from home, my property destroyed, my family harasseand finally arrested. True, I have been discharged but the next regiment that visits the county will be told the same tales by some poor timid wretches who in that way seek the favor and protection of the officers and I shall be again arrested.

Now, sir, it is on this account I have written you this long letter. Am I not entitled to the protection of the Government? And will you not under all the circumstances I have mentioned given me in some form that protection? I entreat you as an act of simple justice to send me something that I may show to whoever seeks to arrest me. Without this I shall not feel safe for a moment, and must again leave home upon the arrival of troops. Be kind enough to excuse me for troubling you with this long letter, but I could not say less with justice to myself.

Very respectfully,

AUG. R. SOLLERS.

P. S. --It may be right for me to say that I do not believe that either men or contraband of any description have passed through this county for the last two months, nor do I think any will as long as any troops remain in Charles and Saint Mary's Counties, through one of which they must pass to reach the Potomac.

A. R. S.
HEADQUARTERS,Baltimore, December 13, 1861.

Major General G. B. McCLELLAN, Commanding the Army.

GENERAL: Brigadier-General Lockwood summoned the magistrates and other persons in authority in Accomack County to meet him on Monday last at Drummondtown and all present took the oath of allegiance. The smaller officers immediately followed the example. He has ere this gone to Northampton County where the same course will be pursued. He has made but one arrest, the commonwealth's attorney, who went to Virginia and returned very defiant and untractable. He is at Fort McHenry. It may be necessary though I hope not to make a few more examples.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

