
ATTORNEY-GENERAL'S OFFICE, February 17, 1862.

WILLIAM MEADE ADDISON, Esq.,

U. S. Attorney, Baltimore, Md.

SIR: I have every disposition to deal as leniently as possible with John Henderson, Jr. In that spirit I have had some conversation about him with others connected with the Government here on view of the documents you sent me not long ago. The main difficulty seems to be this: How a man of Mr. Henderson's reputed intelligence could in a moment of high popular excitement and threatened insurrection proceed to destroy the buoys (the Government guides into and out of the port) on no better warrant than an order of one Major Trimble, who pretends to act by authority of the mayor. It is assumed by some and I find it hard to convert the idea that a man of Mr. Henderson's intelligence must have known that it was a crime in Major Trimble and in the mayor of Baltimore to do the thing, and therefore that the order itself was insurrectionary and hostile to the Government. If you can state any further facts which may rebut this presumption, I will willingly receive and act upon them.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

EDWARD BATES,

Attorney-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Baltimore, February 21, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: Dr. Alexander C. Robinson, Mr. John C. Brune and William H. Norris fled from this city last fall while orders were in the hands of the police for their arrest. Mr. Brune was to have been arrested with certain other members of the Legislature, nearly all of whom have been released. Doctor Robinson and Mr. Norris had committed no particular acts of hostility to the Government subsequently to the 19th of April last but were offensive in their conduct of conversation as secessionists. I know no reason why these men should not return home, and if you will authorize me I will advise their friends that they can do so reporting to me and giving the parole required by your order of the 14th instant.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Baltimore, February 27, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN P. HATCH, Annapolis.

SIR: I am directed by Major-General Dix to state to you that complaints have been received by him of arrests having been made by Captain Bragg at Friendship in Anne Arundel County. Herewith inclosed is a copy of the letter of instructions* to Colonel Morris. It was as you perceive never contemplated by Major-General Dix that arrests should be made without his express authority and he suggests the propriety of relieving Captain Bragg and sending a more prudent and discreet officer in his place. He will, however, leave this to your judgment. Please communicate to these headquarters any information you may be able to obtain relating to these reported arrests and take steps to carry out the original instructions to Colonel Morris.

By command of Major-General Dix:

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

---------------

*Not inclosed.

---------------

