
Infantry. The non-commissioned officers may be transferred to those companies to vacancies now existing. Company F may then be reorganized with recruits and made effective. I will state that if the transfers be made as recommended the number of men in companies A and I will still be less than authorized by law.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. C. SIBLEY,

Major Third Infantry, Commanding Battalion.

NEW YORK, August 13, 1861.

General L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General U. S. Army.

SIR: I hereby have the honor of reporting to you my arrival in this city. Inclosed you will please find a true copy of a parole signed by me while I was a prisoners of war. Having been relieved and deprived of all duty with the U. S. soldiers now held as prisoners of war in Texas, I went to Richmond, Va., for the purpose of being exchanged, or, more properly, of obtaining my release, on the ground of its being contrary to the usages of modern warfare to thus retain surgeons taken while in the active discharge of their duties. My written remonstrances availed nothing more than the extension of the parole held by me.

In Texas I was little or no use to the United States Government and felt anxious that I might return to duty, therefore I went to Richmond, Va. Without the means of self-support and deprived of my liberty I have chosen the only course open to me of showing my loyalty to my country, and I hope my actions may be approved by the War Department. If any exchanges are to be made I desire to be placed on this list, and thus be reinstated.

Not knowing in what light these paroles are to be treated I respectfully await the orders of the Secretary of War. The wording of this parole is very stringent, but I am certain it is the most lenient that at the time could be obtained. My address is 114 street, New York City.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DE WITT C. PETERS,

Against Surgeon, U. S. Army.

P. S. - My reason for not reporting in person is that I am nearly worn out by fatigue and have but partly recovered from fever contracted in Texas.

Very respectfully,

DE WITT C. PETERS,

Assistant Surgeon, U. S. Army.

[Inclosure.]

RICHMOND, VA., August 1, 1861.

I, the undersign officer of the U. S. Army, now held as a prisoner of war by the Confederate States of America, do pledge my word of honor as a gentlemen and an officer that I will not bear arms against the Confederate States, nor exercise any of the functions of my office under my commission from the President of the United States to the prejudice of the Confederate States until I am released or exchanged

