
answer. On the 19th of December, 1861, General Dix recommended that Davis be granted leave of absence from Fort Warren for thirty days on his parole. This was done. On the 16th of January, 1862, Major-General Dix recommended that Davis' parole be extended and modified so that he should only be required to report to General Dix when directed so to do. This indulgence was also granted. The arrest and detention of John W. Davis were purely military precautionary measures founded upon his known sympathies with treason, so far as the State Department is advised. The said Davis is now at large upon his parole given to Major-General Dix, the form and precise conditions whereof do not appear to have been made known to the State Department.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, June 24, 1861.

Major General N. P. BANKS, U. S. Army.

SIR: Mr. Snethen, of Baltimore, a gentleman of standing, will deliver to you this communication. He has just given to the Secretary of War and myself many important facts touching the subject of [the] Union in that city. It is confirmed by him that among the citizens the secessionists if not the most numerous are by far more active and effective than the supporters of the Federal Government.

It is the opinion of the Secretary of War and I need not add my own that the blow should be early struck to carry consternation into the ranks of our numerous enemies about you. Accordingly it seems desirable that you should take measures quietly to seize at once and securely hold the four members of the Baltimore police board, viz, Charles Howard, Wm. H. Gatchell, J. W. Davis and C. D. Hinks, esqs., together with the chief of the police, G. P. Kane. It is further suggested that you appoint a provost-marshal to superintend and cause to be executed the police law provided by the Legislature of Maryland for Baltimore.

Your discretion and firmness are equally relied upon for the due execution of the foregoing views.

I remain, sir, with great respect, yours truly,

WINFIELD SCOTT.

WASHINGTON, June 25, 1861.

Major General N. P. BANKS, U. S. Army,

Commanding Department of Annapolis, Fort McHenry, Md.

SIR: The general-in-chief has heard that on several occasions when troops have arrived in Baltimore from the North the police and others have interfered to prevent friendly persons from furnishing them with water at the depot. Two worthy Quakers named William Robinson and James D. Graham have it seems been threatened with violence for no other cause than this. The general asks your attention to this matter and suggests that by having a detachment of your troops at the depot at the proper time the regiments arriving might be duly supplied with water.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

