
wherever else they may be found and they the said Davis and Hinks arrest and securely hold and bring them to Fort McHenry in this department without fail; for all of which these presents and orders shall be your full warrant and authority.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BALTIMORE, July 1, 1861.

Lieutenant-General SCOTT:

The board of police was arrested this morning at 4 o'clock. Troops have been stationed at the principal squares of the city. All is perfectly quiet. We greatly need cavalry for patrol duty.

N. P. BANKS.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ANNAPOLIS,Fort McHenry, July 1, 1861.

Lieutenant-General SCOTT,

Commander-in-Chief of the Army.

GENERAL: In pursuance of orders of the 24th ultimo received from your department I arrested and now detain in custody of the United States Mr. George P. Kane, chief of police of the city of Baltimore. Mr. Kane was arrested on the morning of the 27th ultimo. The strong position he held as the head of a large body of armed men posted in different parts of the city who might be summoned together without loss of time, and the necessity of succeeding in the arrest if attempted made it impracticable in my judgment in view of all facts to undertake at the same time the execution of other parts of this order.

The arrest of the chief of police and the suspension of the powers of the board of police were announced to the people of Baltimore in a proclamation dated the 27th June, a copy of which is herewith inclosed. Upon the arrest of the chief of police Colonel John R. Kenly, of the First Maryland Regiment, was appointed provost-marshal within and for the city of Baltimore who entered at once upon his duties. Subsequent to a recognition and protest against the suspension of their functions by the board of police they declared in resolutions formally adopted and published that the police law itself had been suspended and the officers and men discharged from duty for the present, holding them at the same time to be subject to their orders both now and hereafter. Colonel Kenly was obliged immediately to organize a force of 400 men to serve as police officers in order that the city should not be entirely divested of all police protection, which with the aid of many loyal citizens was effected and the men sworn to the just performance of their duty in the course of a few hours.

The city has remained in perfect order and quiet since the organization of the new police. The headquarters of the police when vacated by the officers appointed by the board resembled a concealed arsenal. Large quantities of arms and ammunition were found secreted in such places and with such skill as to forbid the thought of their being held for just or lawful purposes. An inventory of the arms and ammunition will be forwarded. Colonel Kenly has performed his duties as provost-marshal in the most prompt, faithful and discreet manner.

