
This morning at 4 o'clock the members of the board of police were arrested by my order and together with the chief of police are now securely held in custody by Major Morris, commanding officer at Fort McHenry, in behalf of the Government of the United States. The persons arrested are Messrs. Charles Howard, president of the board, William H. Gatchell, Charles D. Hinks and John W. Davis, being all its members except the mayor of the city who is connected ex officio with this department.

In view of possible occurrences and the better to meet contingent action of disloyal persons rumors of which have reached me from quarters entitled to respect I have placed a large part of the force under my command within the city and in possession of the principal public squares. No building of importance will be occupied and no obstruction to the business of the city will occur unless it be upon the strongest public necessity. The troops will be withdrawn from the city as soon as the question of the conflicting forces of police can be arranged. This I believe will be done at once. The arrests of this morning and the reasons for the occupation of the city have been announced by proclamation a copy of which is herewith inclosed.

I have the gratification to inform you that all the arrests have been made without disturbance and that the city is now and has been since the arrest of the chief of police more quiet and orderly than for any time for many months previous.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

NATH. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ANNAPOLIS,June 27, 1861.

TO THE PEOPLE OF THE CITY OF BALTIMORE:

By virtue of authority vested in me and in obedience to orders as commanding general of the Military Department of Annapolis I have arrested and do now detain in custody Mr. George P. Kane, chief of police of the city of Baltimore. I deem it proper at this the moment of arrest to make formal and public declaration of the motive by which I have been governed in this proceeding. It is not my purpose neither is it in consonance with my instructions to interfere in any manner whatever with the legitimate government of the people of Baltimore or Maryland. I desire to support the public authorities in all appropriate duties--in preserving peace, protecting property and the rights of persons, in obeying and upholding every municipal regulation and public statute consistent with the Constitution and laws of the United States and of Maryland. But unlawful combinations of men organized for resistance to such laws, that provide hidden deposits of arms and ammunition, encourage contraband traffic with men at war with the Government and while enjoying its protection and privileges stealthily wait opportunity to combine their means and forces with those in rebellion against its authority, are not among the recognized or legal rights of any class of men and cannot be permitted under any form of government whatever. Such combinations are well known to exist in this department. The mass of citizens of Baltimore and of Maryland loyal to the Constitution and the Union are neither parties to nor responsible for them. The chief of police, however, is not only believed to be cognizant of these facts but in contravention of his

