
duty and in violation of law he is by direction and indirection both witness and protector to the transactions and the parties engaged therein. Under such circumstances the Government cannot regard him otherwise than as the had of an armed force hostile to its authority and acting in concert with its avowed enemies. For this reason superseding his official authority and that of commissioner of police I have arrested and do now detain him is custody of the United States. And in further pursuance of my instructions I have appointed for the time being Colonel Kenly, of the First Regiment of Maryland Volunteers, provost-marshal in and for the city of Baltimore to superintend and cause to be executed the police laws provided by the Legislature of Maryland with the aid and assistance of the subordinate officers of the police department, and he will be respected accordingly.

Whenever a loyal citizen shall be otherwise named for the performance of this duty who will execute these laws impartially and in good faith to the Government of the United States the military force of this department will render to him that instant and willing obedience which is due from every good citizen to his government.

NATH. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding Department of Annapolis.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ANNAPOLIS,Fort McHenry, July 1, 1861.

TO THE PEOPLE OF THE CITY OF BALTIMORE:

In pursuance of orders issued from the Headquarters of the Army at Washington for the preservation of the public peace in this department I have arrested and do now detain in custody of the United States the members of the late board of police, Messrs. Charles Howard, William H. Gatchell, Charles D. Hinks and John W. Davis--the incidents of the late week furnishing full justification for this order. The police headquarters under charge of the board when abandoned by their officers resembled in some respects a concealed arsenal. After public recognition and protest against the 'suspension of their functions" they continue in daily secret session. Upon a forced and unwarrantable construction of my proclamation of the 27th ultimo they declared the police law itself suspended and the officers and men off duty for the present intending to leave the city without any police protection whatever. They refused to recognize the force necessarily appointed for its protection and hold subject to their orders now and hereafter the old police--a large body of armed men--for some purpose unknown to the Government and inconsistent with its security. To anticipate their intentions and orders I have temporarily placed a portion of my command within the city. I disclaim for the Government I represent all desire, intention and purpose to interfere in any of the ordinary municipal affairs of Baltimore. Whenever a loyal citizen can be nominated to the office of marshal who will execute the police laws impartially and in good faith to the United States the military force will be withdrawn at once from the central parts of the municipality. No soldier will be permitted in the city except under regulations satisfactory to the marshal or by order of the general in command, and whenever the municipal laws and regulations shall be by them violated they shall be punished according to the municipal laws and upon the judgment of the civil tribunals.

NATH. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

40 R R--SER II, VOL I

