
[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

Memorandum of ordnance, &amp;c., captured by the provost-marshal at the time of arresting the police commissioners of Baltimore, July 1, 1861.

Six 6-pounder iron cannon; two 4-pounder iron cannon; 332 muskets, rifles and pistols, and a large quantity of ammunition, &c.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ANNAPOLIS,June 27, 1861.

Colonel JOHN R. KENLY, Provost-Marshal.

SIR: My attention has been called to a resolution purporting to have been this day passed by the late board of police commissioners expressing the opinion that "the suspension of their functions suspended at the same time the operations of the police law and puts the officers and men off duty for the present. "

You will take special notice, sir, that by my proclamation of this day neither the law nor the officers appointed to execute the laws are affected in any manner whatever except as it operates upon the members of the board of commissioners and chief of police whose functions were and are suspended. Every part of the police law is to be enforced by you except that which refers to the authority of the commissioners and chief of police; and every officer and man with the advantages they now receive unless one or more shall refuse to discharge their duties.

If any police officer declines to perform his duty in order to avoid the anarchy which it was the purpose of the commissioners to bring upon the city by incorrectly stating that it had been by my act deprived of its police protection you will select in conference with such of the public authorities as will aid you good men and true to fill their places and discharge their duties.

You will also take especial notice that no opinion, resolution or other act of the late board of commissioners can operate to limit the effective force of the police law or to discharge any officer engaged in its execution. If any provision of the law fails to be executed it will be from the choice of the city; and if any officer except such as are herein named leave the service it will be upon his own decision.

You will cause these views to be made known as the rule of your conduct.

I repeat my declaration and my purpose: No intervention with the laws or government of the city whatever is intended except to prevent secret, violent and treasonable combinations of disloyal men against the Government of the United States.

I am, sir, truly, you P. BANKS.

[Sub-inclosure.]

Matters being thus arranged the board of police commissioners went into secret session. The result of their deliberation was embodied in the following preamble and resolutions:

Whereas, the laws of the State of Maryland give the whole and exclusive control of the police force of the city to the board of police organized and appointed by the General Assembly, and not only are said board bound to exercise the powers and to discharge the duties imposed upon them but all other persons are positively prohibited under heavy penalties from interfering with them in so doing; and

