
4 o'clock respectively, and to see that they were passed safely through our city. Subsequently on the same day information was communicated to me that the Philadelphia company fearing that the passage of these troops would create excitement wee maturing arrangements to pass them across our harbor from Canton to Locust Point, thus avoiding the streets of our city. It will be seen, however, that this arrangement was not consummated.

At 1 a. m. I was on the ground at the outer depot of the Northern Central road and took command of the force which had been detailed to that point. I was accompanied to the depot by this honor Mayor Brown, who seemed deeply anxious that our laws should be respected and enforced. The mayor, however, was called away by message from the Governor to meet in consultation at the moment when the train arrived. It is enough to say, however, that the troops were safely escorted to Mount Clare depot and departed for Washington, having experienced no more annoyance than might have been expected, as doubtless the officers of the regular troops who accompanied the detachment will readily testify.

My force was kept under arms until a late hour waiting the arrival of the detachment expected from Philadelphia; but it was finally ascertained from the railroad agent that the troops had not even started nor did they know when they would start from Philadelphia, when the police force was dismissed with orders to remain ready for instant call. I heard nothing more of these troops until twenty minutes past 8 o'clock on the next (Friday) morning, at which time I was met on the street by one of my men with a dispatch from the southern police station signed by Mr. Commissioner Davis informing me that the troops from Philadelphia would arrive at the Camden street (Washington) depot within thirty minutes; that the cars containing them would not stop at the Philadelphia depot but go directly to the Washington depot to which place I was requested by the railroad authorities to send a police force telegraphed to the several stations and within the thirty minutes I was on the ground at the Camden station with an ample force, but was then told that the troops were just crossing the Susquehanna River and would not arrive for some time.

With the view to keep down the excitement I sent the police force from the depot to a neighboring police station to await the trains coming and also sent for his honor the mayor, who soon appeared accompanied by the board of police.

The cars arrived and very soon as immense throng of people were congregated, but by the firmness of the police the troops were all shifted from the Philadelphia to the Washington cars without any collision with our people having occurred and the excitement partially subsided. After waiting some considerable time for the train to start and not being made aware that any more Philadelphia cars were expected I inquired of some of the railroad agents present the cause of the delay and was informed that obstructions had been placed on the Washington track in advance of the train. I at once sent a detachment of police under determined and reliable officers to guard the track outside of the city and to see that the trains were protected to the Relay House (a distance of nine miles) if necessary.

After waiting a long additional time and having made repeated inquiries as to the cause of the continued delay in starting the train I was for the first time informed that other troops were expected at that station, and at the same moment learned that a riot had commenced in Pratt street.

I promptly devolved the command at the Camden station upon Deputy Marshal Gifford and started for the scene of riot with a detachment of my men and met the Massachusetts soldiery on Pratt street near Light street (his honor Mayor Brown being with them) hastening toward the Washington depot pursued by an enraged multitude. I opened my ranks through which they passed and closed in their rear; formed my men across the street; directed them to draw their revolv down any man who dared to break through their line. It is enough for me to say that these orders were faithfully executed; my men did their duty and the Massachusetts troops were rescued.

From that time the missiles intended for the troops were encountered by your own police force. The tumult being thus subdued, no attack being subsequently made upon the military, I marched my men back to the Camden station; saw the train safely depart for Washington; learned from the railroad officers that the troops had all departed and that the services of my command were no longer required. I dismissed the detachment to their several stations except those of the second district which I ordered to be posted for the protection of parties on Baltimore street against whom there seemed to be an intense excitement, the editors of the American and Clipper being regarded as particularly obnoxious and loudly threatened.

On the way to my office I learned from Mr. Richard Norris, Jr., that there were other troops at the Philadelphia depot, and accompanied by that gentleman I hurried in a carriage to that place and there found several car-loads of troops, mostly if not al without uniforms. Some of these troops commenced jumping from

