
the United States, viz: R. H. Alvey, John H. Kusick, John W. Davis, Dr. Edward Johnson, T. C. Fitzpatrick, William H. Gatchell, Charles M. Hagelin, Charles Howard, Samuel C. Lyon, James E. Humphrey.

You will take care that al their wants so far as you have the means are supplied and you will also see that they are treated with proper kindness and courtesy. You will proceed without interruption or delay to Fort Lafayette in the harbor of New York and deliver them into the custody of the officer in charge of that fort. You will be held strictly responsible for their safety during the voyage as well as for the orderly conduct of your men. Having executed the delicate and responsible trust confided to you will land your men in the city of New York and join your regiment in order to be mustered out of the service, reporting yourself for that purpose to Colonel H. L. Scott, inspector-general, U. S. army, at the army headquarters, Numbers 86 Eleventh street.

Respectfully, yours,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General, Commanding.

Resolutions offered in the U. S. Senate July 29, 1861. *

Resolved, That the members of the police board of the city of Baltimore ought to be either surrendered to the civil authorities on some charge sufficient in law for their arrest and detention or be discharged from confinement at Fort McHenry and suffered to resume their official functions.

Resolved, That the control of the municipal police of Baltimore ought to be restored to those civil officers to whom by the laws of Maryland it is intrusted.

Resolved, That George P. Kane, marshal of police of the city of Baltimore, ought either to be delivered up to the civil authorities on some charge sufficient in law to hold him in custody of be discharged from confinement in Fort McHenry.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Hamilton, N. Y., July 31, 1861.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. of the Army, Washington City, D. C.

SIR: I have this day received at Fort Lafayette the following named prisoners charged with offenses against the United States Government, viz; R. H. Alvey, John H. Kusick, John W. Davis, Dr. Edward Johnson, T. C. Fitzpatrick, William H. Gatchell, Charles M. Hagelin, Charles Howard, Samuel C. Lyon, James E. Humphrey or Murphrey.

Please inform me if I shall consider them in the same light in the event of a writ of habeas corpus as I do Ruggles and McGuillam and whether I shall make the same return (if required) as I have already done in the case of McGuillam. The prisoners were sent here by order of Major General John A. Dix, commanding Department of Maryland.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Colonel First Artillery, Commanding.

---------------

*Offered by Mr. Bayard, of Delaware, as an amendment to a motion of Mr. Trumbull, of Illinois, chairman, that the Judiciary Committee be discharged from the further consideration of the memorial of the police commissioners of Baltimore, etc.

---------------

