
NEW YORK, August 8, 1861.

W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State:

The county judge of Kings County has granted writ of habeas corpus for Baltimore police commissioners returnable Friday at 11. I await instructions.

STEWART L. WOODFORD,

Assistant U. S. District Attorney.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, August 8, 1861.

E. DELAFIELD SMITH, Esq.,

Attorney of the U. S. for the Southern District of New York.

SIR: A telegram having been received from Mr. Woodford to the effect that a writ of habeas corpus has been granted in the case of the Baltimore police commissioners I have to direct you to request the military officer having them in custody not to obey the writ.

I am, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

FORT LAFAYETTE, NEW YORK HARBOR,

August 8, 1861.

Lieutenant-General SCOTT,

Commander-in-Chief, U. S. A., Hdqrs., Washington, D. C.

SIR: By a letter received last night from Mrs. Howard I learn that in reply to the inquiries she made of you she was informed that I would be "decently lodged and subsisted" here. I wrote to the honorable the Secretary of War on the 1st instant and again yesterday advising him of the treatment which I and my fellow prisoners are receiving. A perusal of those letters would satisfy you that those assurances are not verified. I need here only say that we are not "decently lodged" nor are we in any sense of the words "decently subsisted" by the Government. The only proffer of subsistence made to us has been to feed us like the private soldiers of the garrison or to allow us to procure other meals at our own cost.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

CHARLES HOWARD.

Fort Hamilton, New York Harbor, August 10, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. of the Army, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I inclose a letter written by one of the prisoners. * I thought it would not be proper to send it without having it first read at Washington. I inclose a copy of a regulation I have made with regard to letter-writing by the prisoners.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding.

---------------

*Letter omitted as unimportant.

---------------

