
FORT HAMILTON, N. Y., September 22, 1861.

General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the enlisted men (on parole) of companies of the First, Third and Eighth Infantry, in camp near Fort Hamilton, under my command, were yesterday transferred and put en route for West Point and Columbus, N. Y., in compliance with orders from the Adjutant-General's Office and the commanding officer of Fort Hamilton. The officer of the command, under orders from the Adjutant-General's Office, proceeded in compliance therewith to their several destinations.

The officers on parole who bad received no orders were directed to report to the Adjutant-General and Headquarters of the Army for orders, stating the addressed. There did not appear to be any necessity of their remaining longer at Fort Hamilton, there being no duty for them to perform, and orders will reach them with about the same facility at their several locations as at Fort Hamilton. My address will be Hartford, Conn., where I will be pleased to receive orders for any duty I can perform not incompatible with the parole give by me.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. C. SIBLEY,

Major Third Infantry.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

October 2, 1861.

Adjt. General L. THOMAS, War Department.

SIR: I acknowledge the receipt of letter of Colonel I. V. D. Reeve referred by you to this Department. You will give the required instructions to have your orders executed, and if Lieutenant-Colonel Reeve does not comply with them he must either resign or have his name stricken from the rolls.

I have the honor to be, respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 18, 1861.

General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I have the honor to report that no receipt of a copy of the letter of the Secretary of War to the Adjutant-General, dated October 2, 1861, giving a decision in reference to the order assigning me to duty at Scarsdale, N. Y., and the receipt at the same time of the letter of Captain Ruggles, assistant adjutant-general, reiterating said order, I proceeded to report accordingly, and on my arrival in New York City I learned that the troops had been removed from Scarsdale by order of the governor of the State. I therefore proceeded to report in person at the War Department. I still deemed the duty above referred to as incompatible with my parole, but not wishing to give so strict a construction to its terms as to render myself liable t a charge of wishing to avoid such duties as I might consistently perform, I referred the matter to the President, who approves my construction of the

