
Know-Nothing church-burning clubs of Baltimore with their ladies

and friends may convict and hang me as high as Haman before I will recant a word uttered or regret a deem done at that time.

Your friend,

GEORGE P. KANE.

N. B. --I am suffering much from the effects of the fever still. It is a regulation and my request that no portion of this letter be made public or given to a newspaper. Writing is a difficult thing here.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

September 25, 1861.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, Baltimore, Md.

GENERAL: No sooner is the conspiracy against the Government defeated than under a natural law of the human mind sympathy begins to rise in behalf of the agents of the crime held under duress. Among the prisoners recently arrested Mayor Brown is represented as having been harmless, unoffending and even loyal. Relying implicitly on your discernment and discretion I have to ask your opinion concerning the mayor and the reasonableness or unreasonableness of releasing him.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA,Baltimore, Md., September 25, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: A strong application is to be made to you for the release of Mayor Brown. He is a man of great amiability of character, behaved very well during the outbreak on the 19th of April and I think has been the dupe rather than the willing accomplice of such men as Wallis and Scott. I inclose letters from two of the most respectable gentlemen in Boston,* both of whom you probably know. Doctor Shattuck is a man of great wealth and a warm supporter of the administration. I have also a letter from Mr. Sauerwein, of Baltimore, one of the most intelligent and stern of the Union men in the city, who suggests that the mayor should resign his office and taken the oath of allegiance and on these conditions be discharged from custody. Mr. Forbes suggests further that he should be required to reside in Boston at present. This I have no doubt he would readily consent to do as he has relatives and friends there and the political atmosphere of the place might be useful to him. But if he resigns his office there can be no possible objection to his return to this city. He accepted the office of mayor unwillingly and will be glad to retire to domestic life. Should the Government think proper to release him on any or all of these conditions I respectfully suggest that it mdentially through me.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S. --Since the foregoing was written your communication of the 25th has come to hand.

---------------

*Only one inclosure found.

---------------

