
[Inclosure.]

BOSTON, September 23, 1861.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, Baltimore.

MY DEAR SIR: I take the liberty of thus addressing you in the midst of your numerous and responsible duties in reference to my brother-in-law, Mr. George William Brown. There are especial reasons in his health and that of his wife why confinement and separation from his family are very prejudicial. He has had symptoms of kidney disease. Deprivation of fresh air and exercise, confinement in a casemate, are likely very much to aggravate his complaints. His wife has had symptoms of heart disease so as to inspire anxiety in her friends and she has already suffered much since her husband was a candidate for the office of mayor. The forcible detention of and separation from her husband are very unfavorable to her health.

I have not the least disposition to complain of Mr. Brown's arrest. The fact of the great importance of having as mayor of the city of Baltimore one heartily in sympathy with the Government is to me a sufficient reason why a mayor who does not look upon this war as a necessity forced upon the Government by its enemies cannot be allowed to hold the office. Supposing that such views may have led to Mr. Brown's arrest would not his release on parole be consistent with the public welfare? In this way imprisonment, imminent risk of life and health to two excellent persons with a large family of children dependent upon them would be averted. If necessary or desirable he and his family could spend the next six months in Boston.

Would it be of any use for me to make an appeal or a statement of these facts to the Secretary of War or go to Washington for this purpose? I wish also to thank you for your courteous treatment of Mr. and Mrs. Brown of which I have heard in letters from Mr. Brown and his children. Whilst his family are not reconciled to the action of the Government they speak of your courtesy and gentleness in the execution of its orders.

Some years have passed since I have had the pleasure of seeing you and in that interval he whose name I bear and on whose account I am bold thus to intrude upon you has been taken to his rest. He may well now be accounted happy in having been taken to his rest. He may well now be an having been taken from the evils to come. And yet if we now on the active stage of life can be true and loyal, faithful and steadfast whether in high offices of trust and responsible situations or as private citizens it seems to me that at the end we may not have cause to regret that our lot has been cast in these perilous and troubled times.

With respect and regard, very truly yours,

GEO. C. SHATTUCK.

FORT LAFAYETTE, NEAR NEW YORK,

September 25, 1861.

General JAMES M. ANDERSON.

MY DEAR GENERAL: I received your kind note this moment containing Mrs. Kane's check for $20 and informing me of the satisfactory condition of my family.

We are very ignorant of the condition of things in Baltimore except what we glean from the filthy and corrupt press of New York. We occasionally get a glance at the Baltimore Sun which seems to contain

