
nothing of public interest but rehashes of the abominable falsehoods manufactured by Fulton of the American, and other Abolition instruments of the Associated Press. Please ask Abell for me whether it would not be as well and still within the compass of the shackles which I suppose have been put upon his pres to omit the circulation of such abominable trash.

I write this in a spirit of kindness but assure you that it is deeply mortifying to all Marylanders even in the condition of people situated as we are in prison to find papers professing to be independent and whose editors are known not to be necessitated by want of bread to be made to appear to the world as sycophants and cowards. Scarcely a paper reaches us but what contains telegrams known to be false and libelous upon the motives and acts of those who by consanguinity and interest are identified with Maryland people.

Our condition here is a hard one for gentlemen who have lived as we have but I have good reason to believe that Colonel Burke with all that has been said is in no way chargeable with the unnecessary restrictions placed upon us. I am in no way broken down in spirits though I must confess that I am greatly exercised in mind at times by the condition of my fellow-citizens of Baltimore, which I can easily imagine from the names of the murdering villains who I perceive have again raised their heads and even flourish in place and power.

I desire to be affectionately remembered to Mrs. A. and family and to all friends.

As ever, yours sincerely,

GEORGE P. KANE.

P. S. --It is my request and a regulation of the post that no portion of this letter be published in the newspapers.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, September 27, 1861.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, Fort McHenry, Baltimore.

GENERAL: If you think that George William Brown ought to be released upon his taking the oath of allegiance, resigning the office of mayor and residing in some one of the Northern cities for a time and if you think also that he would accede to these conditions you will please take such proceedings as you suppose necessary to have the propositions made by him to yourself. I shall not act in any of the cases without [your] advice.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, October 5, 1861.

ROBERT MURRAY, Esq., U. S. Marshal, New York.

SIR: I transmit a copy of a letter of the 30th ultimo addressed to the President by George P. Kane from Fort Lafayette setting forth inconveniences attending his confinement which should it seems to me be remedied so far as this may be practicable compatibly with his safe-keeping.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

