
parole in relation to the duties upon which I was ordered. I am willing and anxious to do such duties are consistent with my parole, but these are very limits. I can serve on courts-martial where the cases and individuals to be tried are not directly connected with the war, and I can serve on boards the duties of which do not go directly to the prejudice of the so-called Confederate States.

I am, sir, yours respectfully,

I. V. D. REEVE,

Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel, U. S. Army.

FORT COLUMBUS, NEW YORK HARBOR,

October 20, 1861.

Adjt. General L. THOMAS, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I have the honor to report to you the arrival at this post on the 19th ultimo of Sergts. T. D. Parker, Franklin Cook, and R. E. Ellenwood, who have recently escaped from the rebel forces in Texas. These gallant men were surrendered with the command of Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel I. V. D. Reeve, and they belong to Companies I and E of the Eighth Infantry. They inform me that the enemy violated the obligations of the local parole given the prisoners by placing them under guard and so reducing their issues of clothing and rations as to render the men in a state of suffering. Under the circumstances they determined upon and made their escape through Western Texas and Mexico, thence on be steamer to Havana, and finally succeeded in reaching this city. The above sergeants were in a destitute condition when they reached this post. The privations and hardships they have undergone while making this long journey are too lengthy to give you in detail, but they speak volumes of their worth and soldier-like bearing. After obtaining the necessary papers for drawing their pay I ordered them to report to the headquarters of their regiment at Fort Hamilton, New York Harbor. The private information these men possess of the state of affairs in Texas and Mexico may be valuable to the Department, and therefore I recommend them to you for your consideration.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DE WITT C. PETERS,

Assistant Surgeon, U. S. Army.

P. S. - These sergeants inform me that the U. S. consul at Tampico refused them any assistance, and also declined to loan money on a valuable watch which one of the men possessed, saying that theirs was a hopeless case and he had lost money enough. His name is Mr. Chase, and they represent him as being a wealthy man who is about returning to this city. They further say that the English consul and the captain of the English steamer treated them with great kindness, and by them some acknowledge would be appreciated. They also state that the Mexican authorities and people sympathize with the United States Government.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DE WITT C. PETERS,

Assistant Surgeon, U. S. Army.

5 R R-SER II, VOL I

