
Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State, Washington.

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 5th instant inclosing a copy of a letter dated the 30th ultimo addressed to the President of the United States by George P. Kane from Fort Lafayette setting forth the inconvenience of his confinement, &amp;c. In your letter you express a wish that the same may be remedied as far as the same is practicable with his safe-keeping.

I have no hesitation in saying that from reliable information received by me as regards his health I consider a change from Fort Lafayette to Fort Columbus would be of benefit to him and I do not consider his safe custody would be endangered by his transfer there. You must be aware it is a very difficult matter as a general thing me to advise in these cases as almost every prisoner confined in Fort Lafayette would endeavor upon some pretext to have his quarters changend.

Very respectfully, yours,

ROBERT MURRAY,

U. S. Marshal.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, October 9, 1861.

ROBERT MURRAY, Esq., U. S. Marshal, New York.

SIR: You will please transfer the prisoner George P. Kane from Fort Lafayette to Fort Columbus.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA,Baltimore, Md., October 9, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: I learn from Doctor Shattuck, Mayor Brown's brother-in-law, that he and his friends think he cannot resign the office of mayor without a virtual confession that he has been disloyal to the Government. But Doctor Shattuck proposes that he shall be permitted to go to New England on his parole of honor not to leave there without permission of the Government. If before the 10th of January he shall not have received the permission of the Government to return to Baltimore he shall be allowed to surrender himself into custody at such place as may be designated. Doctor Shattuck adds:

I would like his bounds to be the New England States because he has a sister in New Hampshire with whom another sister is now staying. Both these ladies are strong for the Union. His second son is going to Saint Paul's school at Concord, N. H., and I should like him free to visit at those places. He can convince himself that throughout New England the sober, sensible, intelligent people are acting under a conviction that this war must be carried on vigorously and heartily; that the South gives us no choise. Can I have permission to see him again? I may be in New York early next week and his little daughter with me. Would she be allowed to go with me? I hope to get a favorable answer from Mr. Brown without seeing him a second time but the influence of his fellow prisoners about him may be adverse and prevail and I may wish to have another conversation with him.

