
It is complained of now that Marshal Kane is denied a requisite supply of air and exercise at Fort Columbus. Please have this complaint removed as far as is possible consistently with the circumstances of his confinement.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

FORT LAFAYETTE, October 23, 1861.

Colonel M. BURKE, U. S. Army,

Commanding Fort Hamilton.

SIR: I have felt called upon to address a communication to the honorable the Secretary of War in which I make charges against yourself and Lieutenant C. O. Wood, command at this fort, in reference to your and his conduct foward myself and the other prisoners here confined. I transmit the same to you herewith,* requesting that it may be forwarded with as little delay as practicable.

I am, your obedient servant,

CHARLES HOWARD.

FORT LAFAYETTE, October 23, 1861.

Lieutenant-Colonel BURKE.

SIR: Lieutenant Wood has communicated to me the contents of your note to him of this date. + Permit me to say in reply to your allusions to the course I have thought proper to pursue that you mistake me much if you suppose as you seem to do that a mere desire to embarrass or annoy you or the officers under you has prompted me to write the letters which have been returned to me. The fact that little or nothing has been done to make me or my fellow prisoners decently comfortable is self-evident to any one who chooses to inspect our quarters and it was on that account that I chose to speak in terms of indignant denunciation of those who are responsible for the privations I suffer. If I made or sought to make the officers of the garrison the instruments to convey my complaints it war because I am denied any other alternative. The invidious allusions which you have deemed it necessary to make in regard to me I need not and do not propose now to discuss but you will permit me to remind you that if you have duties to discharge I have rights to vindicate. The only one of these which has not been absolutely destroyed is the right of free speech within the narrow bounds of my prison and this it is my duty and purpose to defend to the last. In the exercise of this poor privilege I wrote the letters which I knew would pass through your hands. As you have forwarded to the adjutant-general the correspondence between Lieutenant Wood and yourself I beg that you will do me the justice to forward also this note.

I remain, your obedient servant,

F. K. HOWARD.

---------------

* Inclosure to Burke's letter of October 25, post.

+ Not found.

---------------

