
again have troubled you but that the issue I have now to make with Colonel Burke involves matters of a personal character to myself and that I make direct charges against him and Lieutenant Wood derogatory to their official positions as officers of the Army. I hope therefore I may not be mistaken in trusting that this communication may receive your early and serious attention.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

CHARLES HOWARD.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, October 29, 1861.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, Baltimore, Md.

GENERAL: I herewith inclose a letter received at this Department from George P. Kane which I will thank you to read and return to me with such suggestions or comments as you may deem proper.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

[Inclosure.]

FORT COLUMBUS, N. Y., Ocotober 26, 1861.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State, Washington.

SIR: I have the honor to state that Colonel Loomis of this post called on me to-day with your letter to Marsha Murray asking to be informed if your instructions in regard to extending certain comforts to State prisoners and referring to myself by name had been obeyed.

I informed Colonel L. that as the specified subject of his inquiry I had no complaint to make. The quarters assigned me by Colonel L. are I presume as good as he has at his disposal in the barracks and permission in given me to take the air in a large part of the island, and I am in all respects more comfortable than at Lafayette at which place my treatment was characterized by an utter and disgraceful disregard of the common dictates of humanity and not at all in accordance with the instructions which you had caused to be issued to the marshal a copy of which was furnished to me on leaving Fort McHenry.

No arrangement has been made for my board on this island and but for the courtesy of some fellow prisoners I should have to live on the rations of the Government in the state in which they are issued. This I presume is the neglect of the marshal. I have been a prisoner for four months and owing to the delay in obtaining an amount due to me from the United States Government my private affairs have suffered much, and my confinement precluding me from attending to my business has cut off my resources and caused my property to be sacrificed. Under these circumstances it seems to me not just that I should have to pay my own expenses.

I am truly anxious to have my trial and if the delay is owing to any objection to have it take place in Baltimore I am perfectly willing to have it take place in New York or any other State if the Government will sanction it. If this can't be done I am willing to enter into any amount of bail for my appearance at court within a reasonable period so that I can have permission to visit New York or its vicinity to make some arrangement in regard to my private affairs.

In this event I am willing to give my parole of honor to report to the commanding officer here or wherever required orbidden intercourse. If as I was informed by General Banks and other officers

