
slavery were more liberal than that of any other prominent cityzen of Baltimore of my acquaintance. I have the best authority for saying that on the 19th and 20th of April he said to the mob almost at the risk of his life that he was opposed to secession.

I believe he is one of the men who ought to be on our side and if so would be of great value to us when the time comes for conciliation in Maryland. The circumstances of hs arrest and first days of imprisonment were unfortunately very harsh and I cannot but think that it would be well for the Government to offer him a month's parole within the State of Massachusetts to attend to his private affairs, he first promising to have no communication of any sort verbal or written regarding Maryland politics. Such a course without committing the Government beyond thirty days would be entirely safe and would have a good effect in removing the remembrance of his too harsh treatment by subordinates at first.

Your obedient servant,

I. M. FORBES.

N. B. - I make these suggestions without any conference with Mr. Brown's relatives here since I saw him and quite as much in the interest of the Government as from my regard for him.

I. M. FORBES.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

PEPPERVILLE, October 17, 1861.

Dr. GEORGE C. SHATTUCK.

MY DEAR SIR: Since the arrest of Mayor Brown, of Baltimore, I have on several occasions fallen in with individuals who being personal acquaintances or knowing his public acts have manifested a deep interest in his present situation. To the officers and soldiers of the Sixth Massachusetts Regiment he is an object of especial interest. His manly and heroic conduct on the eventful 19th of April secured to him the esteem and praise of every one of us. I can testify to the admiration that every one in camp manifested in speaking of the events of that day. Those who were eye-witnesses of what he did were eloquent in their praises.

I was at Camp Chase, Lowell, last Tuesday and took the liberty to introduce the subject to the field officers of the Twenty-sixth (formerly the Sixth) and I found that the same lively sense of indebtedness to Mayor Brown remained fresh as ever. I proposed that we should unite in an effort to procure some mitigatin of the trouble under which he is laboring in the way of signing a petition for his relief. To this no objection was offered but this that it seemed a measure of questionable propriety for gentlemen holding military officers under the United States Government to interfere officially in any proceedings of the State authorities. Still it was the wish of all that their high esteem for Mayor Brown should be expressed in any proper way.

At a dinner of the class of 1828 at the Parker House, Boston, yesterday I was glad when the situation of Mayor Brown became (being suggested by me) the topic of conversation. Hilliard (George S.), Tappan, Loring, Bowditch, Rand and others, all of Boston, were warm in their expressions of esteem and sympathy. I was glad when Hilliard remarked that a petition for Mr. Brown's release on parole was about to be drawn up and signed by gentlemen of Boston. I hope it will be a successful effort. I should esteem it an honor if I could be permitted to affix my name with the rest.

