
I have often listened to the story as our men in camp related the doings of Mayor Brown as they fought their way through Baltimore. I have my doubts whether we should have gotten through at all without his aid; and if we had not God alone knows what would have been the present posture of our national affairs. My prayers and efforts shall never be wanting in behalf of a man who could do so bravely what he did on that memorable occasion.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES BABBIDGE,

Chaplain of the Sixth Massachusetts Regiment, Mass. Vol. Militia.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

LOWELL, October 22, 1861.

This may certify that at the passage of the Sixth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteer Militia through Baltimore, Aptil 19, I led the rear companies. In the midst of the attack by the populace Mayor Brown was at my side and signified a willingness to take any position or to render any service in his power. I can bear witness to his patriotic and heroic conduct on that occasion.

A. S. FOLLANSBEE,

Captain Company C, Sixth Regiment Massachusetts Vol. Militia.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

146 BRODWAY, NEW YORK, October 24, 1861.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

DEAR SIR: The Honorable George William Brown, now a State prisoner at Fort Lafayette, is an old friend and college mate of mine and I regret very much to find him in the position he now occupies. I know not of course whatever evidence there may be now to justify his imprisonment but presume it is undoubtedly sufficient. But I inclose herewith a letter he wrote me in 1855 showing what his sentiments were at that time and I trust they are not different now. At all events I should be gratified with a permit to go and see him as a friend and hope you will send me one. Be kind enough to send me back the inclosed letter.

Very truly, &amp;c.,

JNO S. PATTERSON.

[Sub-inclosure.]

BALTIMORE, October 1, 1855.

JOHN S. PATTERSON, Esq., 293 Broadway, New York.

MY DEAR PATTERSON: Yours of the 29th instant received this morning and your approbation of my address and concurrence in the views it contained give me sincere pleasure. I am a very ardent Republican and yet cannot fail to see that there are evils and short-comings in this great country, and that now especially it is in a situation of great peril but I have not time at present to go into this matter.

* * * * *

Respectfully,

GEO. WM. BROWN.

