
[Indorsement.]

FORT COLUMBUS, October 20, 1861.

Respectfully referred to the Adjutant-General, with a strong recommendation of these sergeants to the consideration of the authorities at Washington for their zeal and patriotism in the cause of their country, in hopes some suitable reward will be bestowed upon them.

G. LOOMIS,

Colonel Fifth Infantry, Commanding.
HDQRS. OF THE ARMY, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,Washington, November 6, 1861*.

Captain E. D. PHILLIPS, First U. S. Infantry.

SIR: The general-in-chief directs that you immediately report to this office whether there is anything in the parole you have given to prevent your serving as instructor in a camp which it is proposed to establish near this city for the instruction of volunteer officers.

I am, sir, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. BAIRD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WEST POINT, N. Y., November 9, 1861.

Captain A. BAIRD,

Assistant Adjutant-General U. S. Army.

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 6th of November, instructing me to report whether there is anything in the parole which I have given which would prevent me from serving as instructor in a camp of volunteer officers. As I cannot doubt that the volunteer officers are designed peculiarly and exclusively for the present war I see not how I can consistently serve in the capacity indicated. At the same time I am anxious that the general-in-chief may be acquainted with my earnest desire to be exchanged and be permitted to participated in the most active service.

I inclose herewith a copy of my parole, and have the honor, to be, sir, with much respect, your obedient servant,

E. D. PHILLIPS,

Captain, First Infantry.

[Inclosure.]

SALURIA, TEX., April 25, 1861.

TO THE AUTHORITIES OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA:

I give my word of honor as an officer and a gentlemen that I will not bear arms nor exercise any of the functions of my officer under any commission from the President of the United States against the Confederate States of America during the existence of the war between the said Confederate States and the United States unless I shall be exchanged for other prisoner or prisoners of war, or until I shall be released by the President of the Confederate States. In consideration of the above parole it is understood that I am free to go and come when-

---------------

* Same to several other officers surrendered in Texas.

---------------

