HEADQUARTERS, Baltimore, November 18, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: The inclosed preamble and resolutions signed by all the members of the first branch of the city council of Baltimore and the accompanying letter* of the provost-marshal express the general feeling of the Union men of the city in regard to the liberation of certain State prisoners. They are respectfully forwarded for the information of the Government.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

At a meeting of the members of the first branch of the city council of Baltimore held the 15th November, 1861, the following preamble and resolution were unanimously adopted:

Whereas, we have been informed that application has been made to Government for the release of the political prisoners arrested in this city and detained in the national fortresses; and

Whereas, we are confident that the liberation of said prisoners and their return to our midst at this time would be fraught with immense danger to the loyal cause: Be it

Resolved, That we respectfully urge Major General John A. Dix to remonstrate with the Government upon this subject and oppose the contemplated action.

S. F. Streeter, chairman, pro tem. ; James Young, secretary;

Philip Kirkwood, John Lee Chapman, John Dukehart, Samuel Duer, Edwid. S. Lamden, C. Sidney Norris, John Barron, Thos. W. Cromer, D. H. Hoopes, Thos. H. Mules, J. M. Kimberly, Wm. Sullivan, A. Schwartze, Wm. S. Crowley, John Evans, Peter G. Sauerwein, Wm. T. Williams, Andrew J. Burke.

BALTIMORE, November 27, 1861.

General JOHN A. DIX, Baltimore.

DEAR SIR: We desire to enlist your sympathy and favor in a matter of humanity. Mr. Griffith, the father-in-law of Mr. George P. Kane, is at a point of death; he may not live twenty-four hours. He is very desirous to see Kane before his death. Kane's wife and a maiden sister compose the family. The are in great distress. Some of the signers having known the family for thirty years feel great interest for them. We think the Government could not suffer injury by permitting Kane to come on for a short time to see or attend the funeral of the old gentleman. We are all uncompromising Union men. Hoping you will get speedy permission for his visit to Baltimore, we are yours.

Very truly,

JAMES HOOPER, Sr.

C. A. GAMBRILL.

JOHN CLARK.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully referred to the Secretary of State with the recommendation that Mr. Kane may be allowed to come to Baltimore on his parole for the purpose mentioned.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

