
DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, November 27, 1861.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, Baltimore.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith some statements together with a report from Seth C. Hawley, esq., in reference to George William Brown, of Baltimore, Md. Will you have the goodness to return them to me after examination with such suggestions as you may have to make in the case?

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

413 BROOME STREET, NEW YORK,

November 26, 1861.

F. W. SEWARD, Assistant Secretary of State, United States.

DEAR SIR: At the earnest request of several prominent citizens of Boston of unquestioned loyalty I make this communication in relation to George W. Brown, late mayor of Baltimore. His case is perfectly known to your Department and requires no comment by me.

The specialty in his case consists in this: On the fatal day in April when men of Massachusetts were massacred in the streets of Baltimore Mayor Brown marched with the troops at the peril of his life and heroically did all in his power to give them safe conduct. It was by his order that they fired upon the assailing mob. On that occasion at the peril of his life he said in public that secession was a heresy that he would not tolerate. Hundreds of Massachusetts men witnessed his attitude. It was a time of trial and danger. They feel gratitude and sympathy for and with him such as common danger is sure to produce. From these causes there is a general desire in Massachusetts that this rigor of imprisonment may be mitigated as far as public safety will allow.

Mr. Brown told me that in regard to his business it would be a great favor to be allowed to live in Boston on parole so that he could call his family to him and conduct his business by correspondence. I am of opinion that such a course with him would be safe. I inclose an application on his behalf by Mr. George C. Shattuck, a respectable and loyal man, and other pepers illustrating the present state of public feeling in relation to Mr. Brown.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

S. C. HAWLEY.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

BOSTON, November 20, 1861.

SETH C. HAWLEY, Esq.

MY DEAR SIR: Referring to my letter of the 16th I now beg leave to inclose an application from Doctor Shattuck to Mr. Seward in behalf of Mayor Brown and to beg you to forward it with such indorsements as you can consistently give. I can only say that I think the public interest would be promoted by such an act of leniency and to add my own request to Doctor Shattuck's.

I am, yours, truly,

I. M. FORBES.

