
[Sub-inclosure.]

BOSTON, November 20, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State, &amp;c.

SIR: I respectfully ask that my brother-in-law, George William Brown, mayor of Baltimore, be released from custody at Fort Warren for the period of thirty days from an early day next month on his parole that he will not leave the New England States and will not meddle with the public affairs of the State of Maryland or the city of Baltimore but will comport himself as a true and loyal citizen. The object of this release is to allow him to attend to his private affairs and especially to those of his family in relation to the unsettled estate of my father-in-law, the late Frederick William Brown, of Baltimore, the interests of several persons of undoubted loyalty requiring his advice and co-operation. He was taken very suddenly and has not been able to make such arrangements as the interests of those connected with him require.

With respect, your obedient servant,

GEO. C. SHATTUCK.

SIR: I beg leave to add to the above the expression of my earnest conviction that a compliance with Doctor Shattuck's request will be for the public interest and will personally oblige many loyal citizens incloding.

Your obedient servant,

I. M. FORBES.
HEADQUARTERS, Baltimore, November 28, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: I am decidedly of the opinion that it would be well for public reasons to allow Mr. Brown, mayor of this city, to be released on parole for thirty days on condition that he shall not leave the New England States. The provost-marshal whom I usually consult in matters of this kind fully concurs. I have the honor to return the papers inclosed to me.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 28, 1861.

I am unable to see any possible objection to granting the petition. Mr. Brown is a gentleman and will not violate his parole and I think the public service will not suffer by this act of clemency.

GEO. R. DODGE,

Provost-Marshal.

BALTIMORE, November 28, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD:

Colonel Kane's father-in-law died this morning. His family are very anxious that the colonel should be here at the funeral and attend to some

