
matters of interest. They suggest that if you grant the permission that a telegraph dispatch to Boston would enable him to reach here in time. They also solicit your answer to me.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, November 28, 1861.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, Fort McHenry, Baltimore:

Your telegram received. George P. Kane has been released for three weeks on parole.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, November 28, 1861.

Colonel JOSTIN DIMICK, Fort Warren, Boston.

COLONEL: George P. Kane may be allowed to visit Baltimore to attend the funeral of his father-in-law and be absent three weeks on giving his parole that he will return at the end of that time and will do no hostile act to the United States.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, November 29, 1861.

JOHN S. KEYES, Esq., U. S. Marshal, Boston.

SIR: It has been represented to me that Mr. George W. Brown, mayor of Baltimore, wishes to be released from custody for a period of time upon the following conditions, viz: That he will give his parole of honor that he will not leave the State of Massachusetts and that he will neither hold any correspondence himself nor be engaged with any persons residing in the insurrectionary States during the present hostilities without permission from the Secretary of State, and that he will not do any act hostile or injurious to the Government of the United States and that at the expiration of that period he will voluntarily deliver himself up to you to be recommitted. I will thank you to visit him and if upon inquiry such is the case you may release him for the period of thirty days upon the conditions named and report to me.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

U. S. MARSHAL'S OFFICE, DISTRICT OF MASSACHUSETTS,

Boston, December 3, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State of the United States.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I visited Fort Warren to-day with your instructions for the release of Doctor Lynch and Doctor Macgill on certain conditions and they both declined to comply with the terms proposed, Doctor Lynch declining to take the oath though at the same time expressing his willingness to give his parole of honor to the same

