
of his parole. Not having any directions from the State Department in regard to his recommitment and this gale of wind making it very difficult if not impracticable to land at Fort Warren I have taken the liberty to retain him in custody and ask for instructions in the premises. He expresses no desire to have his parole extended but an earnest wish to be allowed to return to Baltimore and resume the performance of his official and private duties.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN S. KEYES,

U. S. Marshal.

U. S. MARSHAL'S OFFICE, DISTRICT OF MASSACHUSETTS,

Boston, January 14, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State of the United States.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the receipt of your letter of the 6th instant* I communicated its contents to George William Brown, esq., and he desired a day or two to see his friends and make his arrangements to return to the fort as he declined to accept the parole extension. This I granted him and on Saturday last I recommitted him to the fort pursuant to your order. As I did not return him there in season to make a report that night I deferred doing it on Monday as yours of the 11th instant* extending his parole ninety days came to hand and I waited till to-day for his reply thereto. He respectfully declines this also on the ground substantially that it would be consenting to his banishment from his home and duties to accept it. I regret very much that he should be so punctilious as from considerable intercourse with him I am fully satisfied of his loyalty at heart and think he might safely be at large here certainly if not in Baltimore. Mrs. Brown, his wife, and her brother, Dr. George C. Shattuck, of this city, one of our oldest and most respected physicians, desire to obtain permission to visit him on Monday next, the day before Mrs. Brown leaves here to return to Baltimore, to consult with him in relation to family matters and I am confident will not abuse the privilege if it can be accorded to them.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN S. KEYES,

U. S. Marshal.

STONEHAM, MASS., March 17, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.

DEAR SIR: On the 19th of April, 1861, while marching through Baltimore at the head of my company I was shot down in the streets by the cowardly mob who attacked us of the Sixth Regiment of Massachusetts Volunteer Militia. I was cared for by kind-hearted men of the city immediately and received every care and attention I could have received among friends, and as soon as his honor Mayor Brown, of Baltimore, learned of my whereabouts he was much interested in my

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

