
case and visited me doing all in his power in my behalf and of other wounded soldiers of the same regiment. Mayor Brown is now confined at Fort Warren, Boston Harbor, as a prisoner. For his many kindnesses to myself and comrades I would like permission to visit Fort Warren to see him if it would not be incompatible with the public interests. I feel it my duty to repay him for his many kindnesses to us unfortunate wounded of the Massachusetts Sixth Regiment so far as may be done with honor and consistent with my duty to the National Government. I was on the 19th day of April last captain and commanding Company L, Sixth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteer Militia, and am now receiving a pension of the General Government. With the prayer that I may be granted permission to visit Fort Warren,

I remain, &amp;c., your humble servant,

JOHN H. DIKE.

[Indorsement.]

The statement of Captain Dike is true and he is one of our most loyal and brave citizens. He is yet a cripple from the wound he received on the 19th of April. He is now a member of the Massachusetts house of representatives.

[WM. SCHOULER,]

Adjutant-General of Massachusetts.

[BALTIMORE, November 29, (?) 1862.]

TO THE EDITORS REPUBLICAN:

The accompanying brief address was designed to appear in the morning papers and with that view was sent to the only two reputed independent morning journals which as I am informed have circulation among Marylanders - the Sun and Gazette. The publication was, however, declined by these journals, not as they informed me because of their dissent from the truth of what I say but because such truths are not allowed to be published in Baltimore by the despotic censorship to which they are compeled to submit.

GEO. P. KANE.

[Inclosure.]

BALTIMORE, November 29, 1862.

TO MY FELLOW-CITIZENS OF THE STATE OF MARYLAND:

After an incarceration of seventeen months* in four of the forts of the United States now converted by the Government into prisons which have no similitude but in the Bastile of France I avail myself of the first moment of my return to my native State to address a brief word to you.

In this imprisonment I am understood to have been the special victim of Mr. Secretary Seward, who in concert with his hired minions has omitted no occasion to heap upon me accusations which he knew to be false and therefore dared not bring to the ordeal of a public trial.

To these charges the despotic censorship of the prisons in which I have been kept allowed me no reply; and I can only now promise that in due time and upon a proper occasion Mr. Seward shall hear from me in a way which will procure for him if he has not already acquired it the contempt of every honest man and woman in the land.

---------------

* See p. 748 for Secretary Stanton's telegraphic order of November 26, 1862, releasing Kane, Brown, Howard, and Gatchell unconditionally.

---------------

