
Without having been held upon any specific charge I am turned out of prison without any reason being assigned for it; and thus in my arbitrary arrest and release I illustrate the most flagrant violation of constitutional liberty.

It would be unbecoming the dignity of the subject to cast abusive epithets upon the author of this gross outrage; but when allowed the opportunity I pledge myself under pain of the forteiture of the good opinion you have always honored me with to show that all that is bad in a man, unpatriotic in a citizen and corrupt in an officer finds itself concentrated in this indivisual.

GEO. P. KANE.

ATTORNEY-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

January 6, 1863.

WILLIAM PRICE, Esq.,

U. S. District Attorney, Baltimore.

SIR: I am not prepared for an exact answer to your letter of the 5th about the case of George P. Kane. Serious doubts are entertained here whether you could at this time safely go to trial in any treason case in Baltimore by reason of the supposed popular feeling and judicial bias. Of course you are far better informed than I can be in that matter, and I would be very glad to have your views upon it. I have written to General Schenck a private note upon the subject and told him that if he wished information for consultation he might safely apply to you. As to the steps to be taken after indictment but preliminary to trial I should very reluctantly charge myself with the ordinary forms and the minute particulars of prosecution for the district attorneys on the spot are far better judges of those matters than I can be at a distance. Besides if I assume it as my duty I fear I shall be overwhelmed with the multitude and variety of the work. Of one thing, however, be assured that as far as I can I will shield you against all unjust assaults on account of the discharge of your official duties.

Most respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

EDWARD BATES.

Arrest and Detention of Certain Members of the Maryland Legislature.

Memoranda concerning the arrested members of the Maryland Legislature. - From Record Book, State Department, "Arrests for Disloyalty. "

E. G. Kilbourn, speaker of the Maryland House of Delegates, was arrested by Major-General Dix in Baltimore September 20, 1861, and conveyed to Fort Lafayette and subsequently transferred to Fort Warren. Kilbourn was as stated by General Dix a "dangerous secessionist. " Provost-Marshal Dodge, of Baltimore, reports of him as follows, viz:

E. G. Kilbourn was speaker of the house of delegates and exercised mush influence; was very violent; a Northern man by birth; we think him a dangerous man and that he should he retained.

The said E. G. Kilbourn remained in custody at Fort Warren February 15, 1862.

