
he refused to do. The said Durant remained in custody at Fort Warren February 15, 1862, when he was transferred to the charge of the War Department.

George W. Landing, of Worcester County, Md., a member of the Legislature, was one of the faction conspiring to pass an act of secession in that body and was therefore arrested by military authority as a measure of precaution to prevent the consummation of that design and to preserve the public peace. The Department of State has no information of the time of his arrest. He was transferred from Fort Lafayette to Fort Warren on the 1st of November, 1861. On the 26th day of November, 1861, Landing was relaesed from confinement on taking the oath of allegiance with stipulations against future misconduct.

Bernard Mills, of Carroll County, Md., member of the Legislature from that county, was arrested at Frederick on the 17th of September, 1861, by Major-General Banks by order of the War Department. He was taken to Annapolis and thence to Fort Lafayette and subsequently transferred to Fort Warren. Mills was one of the band of disloyal members of the Legislature of Maryland who was known to be conspiring to pass an act of secession. His arrest was a measure of military precaution for the preservation of the public peas and to prevent the consummation of that design. The said Bernard Mills remained in custody at Fort Warren February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department.

Josiah H. Gordon was a member of the Legislature of Maryland from the county of Allegany and was one of the party of conspirators known to be plotting to pass an act of secession. He was arrested on the 17th day of September, 1861, at Frederick by Major-General Banks under orders of the War Deparment and taken to Annapolis whence he was sent by sea to Fort Lafayette and afterwards tranferred to Fort Warren. Gordon stated on his arrest that he had always sympathized with be secessionists and was connected and interested with them. This arrest was made as a measure of military precaution to guard against the treasonable purposes of the conspirators in the Legislature. The said Gordon remained in custody at Fort Warren February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department.

L. G. Quinlan was arrested by order of General Dix September 13, 1861, and committed to Fort McHenry and from thence transferred successively to Fort Lafayette and Fort Warren. He was charged with being a disloyal member of the Maryland Legislature. An order was issued from the Department of State dated November 23, 1861, directing Colonel Dimick, commanding at Fort Warren, to release Quinlan on his taking the oath of allegiance stipulating that he will neither enter nor correspond with the States in insurrection against the authority of the Government of the United States nor do any act hostile to the United States during the present insurrection. He was accordingly released November 26, 1861.

