
William R. Miller was arrested by order of General Dix September 18, 1861, and committed to Fort McHenry and from thence transferred successively to Fort Lafayette and Fort Warren. He was charged with being a disloyal member of the Maryland Legislature. An order was issued from the Department of State dated January 31, 1862, directing Colonel Dimick, commanding at Fort Warren, to release Miller on his engaging upon honor that at the expiration of thirty days from his release he will voluntarily surrender hinself to General Dix at Baltimore to be by him returned to the fort unless he shall otherwise direct and that meantime he will neither enter nor correspond with the States in insurrection against the authority of the United States Government nor do any act hostile or injurious to the United States during the present insurrection. He was accordingly released and remained on his parole February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department.

Lawrence Sangston was one of the notoriously disloyal members of the Maryland Legislature who were conspiring to pass an act of secession during the summer of 1861. He represented the county of Baltimore in the House of Delegates. He waltimore by order of Major-General Dix and placed in custody at Fort McHenry on the 13th day of September, 1861. He was transferred to Fort Monroe, Fort Lafayette and lastly to Fort Warren. This arrest was made as a measure of military precautin on account of the known sympathy of Sangston with the rebels and to prevent the accomplishment of the treasonable purposes which a party of conspirations in the Legislature with whom he was associated were contemplating and to guard against any insurrection or disturbance growing out of their machinations. On the 26th of December, 1861, Sangston was ordered to be released for thirty days on his parole to return to Fort Warren at the end of that time and to do no act hostile to the United States. On the 29th of January, 1862, Major-General Dix was authorized to extend the parole of Sangston with such conditions or limitations as he might deem proper.

William G. Harrison, of Baltimore, was a member of the Legislature of Maryland known to be one of the party of conspirators who were plotting to pass an act of secession. He was therefore arrested as an act of military precaution by order of Major-General Dix on or about the 12th of September, 1861, and taken to Fort McHenry and was afterward transferred successively to Fort Monroe, Fort Lafayette and Fort Warren. On the 26th of November, 1861, Harrison was offered his liberty on condition of taking the oath of allegiance which he refused to do. The said Harrison remained in custody at Fort Warren February 15, 1862.

Henry M. Warfield, of Baltimore, was a member of the Legislature of Maryland known as one of the band of conspirators who were plotting to pass an act of secession through that body. He was arrested by order of the War Department on or about the 12th day of September, 1861, and confined successively in Forts McHenry, Monroe, Lafayette and Warren. This arrest was made as a precautionary measure to prevent the consummation of the treason contemplated by the conspirators in the Legislature and to preserve the public peace. The said

