
the oath of allegiance but he refused to accept his liberty on such terms. The said Claggett remained in custody at Fort Warren February 15, 1863, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department.

Robert M. Denison, of Baltimore County, Md., was a member of the Legislature of that State and one of the well-known band of conspirators in that body who were busy plotting to pass an act of secession. He was therefore arrested as a measure of military precaution by order of Major-General Dix on or about the 12th day of September, 1861, and confined successively in Forts McHenry, Monroe, Lafayette and Warren. On the 21st of January, 1862, Denison was offered his liberty for thirty days on condition of giving his parole which he refused to do. The said Denison remained in custody at Fort Warren February 15, 1862, when he was transferred to the charge of the War Department.

This man [John J. Heckart] was arrested by General Dix and committed to Fort Lafayette September 24, 1861; afterward trasferred to Fort Warren. He was charged with being a disloyal member of the Maryland Legislature. An order was issued from the Department of State November 23, 1861, directing Colonel Dimick to release Heckart on his taking the oath of allegiance stipulating that he will do no act hostile to the United States during the present insurrection. He was accordingly released November 26, 1861.

Andrew Kessler was a member of the Maryland Legislature arrested by Major-General Banks by order of the Secretary of War September 17, 1861, and sent to Fort Lafayette and from thence transferred to Fort Warren. He was charged with being one of the members of the Legislature of Maryland who was conspiring to pass an ordinace of secession to take that State out of the Union in violation of the Constitution and against the wishes and sentiment of the people of Maryland. An order was issued from the Department of State directing Colonel Dimick, commanding at Fort Warren, to release Kessler on his taking the oath of allegiance to the Government of the United States. He was accordingly released December 20, 1861.

John M. Brewer was arrested in Frederick, Md., September 17, 1861, by order of Major-General Banks and committed to Fort Lafayette and from thence transferred to Fort Warren. He was the chief clerk of the Maryland Senate and regarded as one of the conspirators who were engaged in the effort to pass an ordinance of secession through the Legislature of the State. December 17, 1861, an order was issued from the Department of State directing Colonel Dimick, commanding at Fort Warren, to release Brewer on his engaging on oath not to visit or correspond with States in insurrection and to do no hostile act against the United States Government and that he would return to Fort Warren at the expiration of thirty days and surrender himself into the custody of Colonel Dimick. Having given the required parole he was released December 22, 1861. Major-General Dix having recommended the extension of Mr. Brewer's parole for sixty days an order was issued from the Department of State January 15, 1862, authorizing General

43 R R-SER II, VOL I.

