
Dix to renew the parole for the further time requested. The said John M. Brewer remained on parole February 15, 1862, when in conformity with an order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department.

Thomas J. McKaing, a member of the Maryland Senate suspected of disloyalty, was arrested the latter part of August, 1861, in Cumberland, Md., by the military authorities and taken to the headquarters of General B. F. Kelley. He was released from confinement September 3, 1861, on his parole of honor for the purpose of visiting Ohio and Pennsylvania but on condition that he would visit no place in Maryland except Baltimore, where he was to remain only long enough to get some money wherewith to pay his expenses. McKaig was rearrested by order of the Secretary of State October 17, 1861, but on being convinced that McKaig had not violated his parole the Secretary ordered him released October 19, 1861.

Philip F. Rasin was arrested by order of Major-General Dix and conveyed to Fort Lafayette September 24, 1861, and subsequently transferred to Fort Warren. He was a member of the Maryland House of Delegates from Kent County and charged with disloyalty to the United States Govenment. Major-General Dix in a letter to the Secretary of State dated January 24, 1862, states that Rasin was offered a release on condition of taking the oath of allegiance before he was sent to Fort Lafayette but declined. The said P. F. Rasin remained in custody at Fort Warren February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the other of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department.

J. W. Maxwell, of Elkton, Md., was arrested by order of General Dix September 10, 1861, and committed to Fort McHenry and from thence transferred successively to Fort Lafayette and Fort Warren. He was charged with being a disloyal member of the Maryland Legislature, voting treasonably in said Legislature and speaking inimically to the Government. An order was issued from the Department of State dated January 31, 1862, directing Colonel Dimick, commanding at Fort Warren, to release said Maxwell upon his engaging upon honor that at the expiration of thirty days from the date of his release he will voluntarily surrender himself to General Dix at Baltimore to be by him returned to the fort unless he shall otherwise direct and that meantime he will neither enter nor correspond with any of the States in insurrection against the authority of the Government of the United States without permission of the Secretary of State nor to engage in any treasonable correspondence with anybody nor do any act hostile or injurious to the United States during the present insurrection. He was accordingly released and remained upon his parole February 15, 1862.

Robert W. Rasin, of Maryland, was arrested on the 26th of October, 1861, and committed to Fort McHenry by order of Major General John A. Dix, and December 2, 1861, was transferred to Fort Lafayette. Rasin was charged with having recruited men for the rebel army. January 24, 1862, in a letter to the Secretary of State General Dix says of Rasin:

