
"He is a bad subject, and it is feared that he would not respectegiance if he were to take it. I cannot advise his release at present. " The said Robert W. Rasin remained in custody in Fort Lafayette February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department.

T. Parkin Scott, of Baltimore, was arrested by order of the War Department on the 13th day of September, 1861, and placed in confinement at Fort McHenry. He was afterward successively transferred to Fort Monroe, Fort Lafayette and Fort Warren. The criminal complicity of Scott with the rebellion was well known and his arrest was a measure of military precaution to prevent the probable occurrence of disturbances through his efforts and influence. Among the papers communicated to the Department of State in this case is a letter of which the following is a copy:

BALTIMORE, May 2, 1861.

TO THE BOARD OF POLICE OF THE CITY OF BALTIMORE:

On the 22nd of April, 1861, I obtained through Governor Letcher an order from the adjutant-general of Virginia on the ordnance officer at Staunton for 5,000 flint-lock muskets as a loan for the use of the Maryland troops, and with said order I proceeded to Staunton and there obtained 2,000 stand* in part of said order and employed G. R. Mason to carry them in wagons to Winchester, and on the 26th of April I had them forwarded thence to Baltimore consigned to William T. Walters and they were here delivered to your board. The freight and charges upon these arms from Lexington, Va., through Staunton and Winchester amounted to $563. 04 and is unpaid and I am responsible for the amount. Of course under the circumstances I expect your board to pay these charges.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

T. PARKIN SCOTT.

There are many other letters expressing treasonable sentiments, and addresses written apparently for publication or delivery to public assemblies, and drafts of resolutions apparently designed for the action of public meetings of similar character, and also drafts of acts and proceedings apparently designed for the action of the Legislature of like treasonable tendency. It is not deemed material, however, to give quotations here from any of these papers after setting forth the above letter of May 2. The said T. Parkin Scott remained in custody at Fort Warren February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the other of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department.

WASHINGON, April 26, 1861.

[Brigadier General B. F. BUTLER:]

The undersigned, General-in-Chief of the Army, has received from the President of the United States the following instructions respecting the Legislature of Maryland now about to assemble at Annapolis, viz:

It is left to the commanding general to watch and await their action, which if it shall be to arm their people against the United States he is to adopt the most prompt and efficient means to counteract even if necessary to the bombardment of their cities, and in the extremest necessity suspension of the writ of habeas corpus.

In the absence of the undersigned the foregoing instructions are turned over to Brigadier General B. F. Butler, of the Massachusetts Volunteers,

---------------

* For memorandum of cannon, arms and munitions seized when the Baltimore Police Commissioners were arrested see p. 626. Also see Banks' address to the people of Baltimore, p. 625.

---------------

