
bers must be arrested. Exercise your own judgment as to the time and manner, but do the work effectively.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA,Baltimore, Md., September 11, 1861-11 p. m.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON, Secretary of War.

SIR: Your letter was handed to me half an hour ago by Mr. Allen, who is of the opinion that in consideration of the lateness of the hour and the uncertainty of finding all of the parties the arrests should be deferred till to-morrow night. I will detain the steamer so that they can be taken directly on board. No effort or precaution will be spared to carry your order into execution promptly and effectually.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General, Commanding.

FREDERICK, September 12, 1861.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State, Washington, D. C.

SIR: An adjourned session of the Legislature of Maryland will meet in extra session at this place on Tuesday, 17th instant.

Many loyal citizens believe that at the coming session some effort will be made on the part of the "Tory" majority to convulse the State and force it into an attitude of hostility to the Government. Already it is believed in intelligent quarters that at the last extra session it was decided in a caucus of the majority to pass an ordinance of secession at their next meeting at all hazards. Perhaps, sir, these beliefs are unfounded apprehensions but the magnitude of the risk should leave no foothold for uncertainty, and surely the course of the legislative majority has not been one to inspire confidence. Prevention of evil is what the loyal citizens of Maryland desire and this is almost secured by the interposition of the Federal Government in the arrest and detention of Thomas J. McKaig, State senator from Allegany.

There are twenty-two senators, of whom twlve is the requisite majority to enact a law. Of the present senators eight are loyal and reliable, leaving fourteen in whom I have no faith and I speak the sentiment of many.

Of the fourteen referred to McKaig as already stated is a political prisoner; Yellott is among the rebels and we do not fear he will return; and it is rumored that Heckart is evading the Federal authorities. If this rumor be true and Heckart remains away the people will feel secure from legislative disloyalty; but if not true we hold it to be the duty of the Federal Government under its constitutional obligation (Article IV, section 4) to guarantee to Maryland a republican form of government and protect her from domestic violence; to interpose and cause the arrest of those senators whose notorious disaffection to the Govenment causes popular alarm here and is calculated to produce civil strife under pretext of law.

I should have referred this subject to your honorable colleague, the Postmaster-General, with whom I have a personal acquaintance, but

