
war with the United States". Major-General McClellan having authorized the release of Asst. Surg. Wyatt M. Brown, of the C. S. Army, on your receiving a similar release this fully effects a mutual exchange.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. OF THE ARMY, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,Washington, December 26, 1861.

Colonel J. DIMICK, U. S. Army,

Commanding Fort Warren, Boston, Mass.

SIR: The general-in-chief directs that Colonel J. A. J. Bradford, confined in Fort Warren as a prisoners taken in arms, be released on parole, to go via Fort Monroe to Norfolk, with the understanding that he will then be exchanged for Colonel William Hoffman, U. S. Army, now under parole.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, January 3, 1861.

Honorable J. W. GRIMES, U. S. Senate, Washington, D. C.

DEAR SIR: In reply to the letter of Mr. Jones*, I have the honor to state that I will use my best efforts to have the non-paroled officers and enlisted men now prisoners in Texas released at an early day. So soon as the rebels reply by returning Union men for a number of their own recently sent South it is the intention of the Department to take steps tending toward the release and return of all Union prisoners. I have taken a copy of Mr. Jones' letter, with the object of submitting it to the Secretary of War, so that, if possible, the officers and men referred to may be among the first returned.

I am, sir, &amp;c.,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON CITY, D. C., January 4, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit for your consideration, and I trust for the approval of the Department, this earnest application that a transfer may be early made to the public enemy of such person now held as a military prisoner by the Government as shall secure my release from a similar condition; and that, if most expedient, authority may be granted me to tender to the enemy for such transfer the name and person of the party, at such time and place as shall be designated, or that I may be instructed in whatever other from of exchanged shall meet the views of the Department.

Should the Department decline to entertain my request, I respectfully ask that I may included in the earlier exchange of those prisoners

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

