
for his absence from the seat of government as announced in the public journals and but for the fact that a longer delay would be impolitic. These desultory remarks hastily thrown together may still be suggestive, and if they produce the result I desire in guaranteeing order and security in Maryland I shall feel that I have done a good work in bringing the subject to your notice.

With sentiments of great respect, your obedient servant,

FREDERICK SCHLEY,

Editor of the Examiner.

[Inclosure.]

Senate of Maryland.

By provision of the contitution of Maryland (Article III, section 6) the senate is divided into two classes, one of which is elected every two years.

On the 6th of November next eleven senators will be chosen for four years, while the eleven elected in 1859 hold over until November, 1863. The following statement will explain the condition of the senate:

Holding over until 1863. - Allegany, Thomas J. McKaig; Baltimore City, Coleman Yellott; Baltimore County, Dr. A. A. Lynch; Cecil, John J. Heckart; Harford, Franklin Whittaker; Howard, John S. Watkins; Kent, David C. Blackiston; Worcester, Teagle Townsend - Secession, 8.

Carroll, John E. Smith; Dorchester, Charles R. Goldsborough; Talbott, Henry H. Goldsborough - Union, 3.

To be elected in 1861. - Anne Arundel, Thomas Franklin; Charles John F. Gardiner; Montgomery, Dr. Washington Duvall; Prince George's, John B. Brooke; Saint Mary's, Oscar Miles; Somerset, James F. Dashiell - Secession, 6.

Caroline, Tilghman Nuttle; Calvert, Thomas J. Graham; Frederick, Anthony Kimmel; Queen Anne's, S. J. Bradley; Washington, John G. Stone - Union, 5.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA, &amp;C.,Fort Monroe, September 14, 1861.

Captain P. A. DAVIS, Provost-Marshal, Fort Monroe.

SIR: Captain Davis, provost-marshal, will have special charge of the state prisoners, fifteen in number, recently arrived from Baltimore by order of the Secretary of War who directs that they be confined in close custody and without communication with any person whatever.

He will detail an intelligent sergeant and corporal and twelve men from his company as a guard for the prisoners. One sentinel will be placed in front of the casemate with the sergeant and corporal, one sentinel will be placed in the casemate adjoining on the left and one in the casemate adjoining on the right and one on the bank of the moat opposite the embrasures of the casemates occupied by the prisoners. This sentinel is to guard particularly these embrasures and to see that no prisoner escapes through them and that they have no conversation or communication with him or any other person. No one is to be allowed to pass his beat.

The same instructions will be given to all the sentinels placed as guards that no conversation or communication whatever will be allowed with the prisoners. A table and writing materials will be furnished; whatever else they may require for their comfort will be made known

