
[WASHINGTON], September 17, 1861.

MY DEAR SEWARD: In order to gratify Johnson I say that the release of Ross Winans will not pain me, but he is the only one of the Maryland rebels that should be suffered to go at large.

SIMON CAMERON.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, September 18, 1861.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN, President of the United States.

SIR: The bearer of this letter, Major Cannon, has been acting on my staff as aide-de-camp for about two weeks. From his ability and opportunity for information he has become familiar with many important questions relating to this department and will be able to explain various circumstances connected with it that concern the public service and for this purpose he goes by my direction to Washington.

* * * * *

The state prisoners arrested in Baltimore (the mayor and others) have been here for several days in close custody without any direct authority or instructions from the Government, the only official communication to me on this subject being an extract from a letter addressed to General Dix and sent me by the letter. I have written to the Secretary of War in regard to them but have received no reply. Major Cannon can explain fully their condition and the difficulty I have in keeping them safety from the crowded state of the fort without injury to their health from insufficient air and ventilation.

* * * * *

With considerations of high respect, I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

DARNESTOWN, MD., September 18, 1861.

Governor SEWARD:

But four present at opening yeaterday. Eighteen s - only in town. Twelve secured up to 5 p. m. Probably all last night.

N. P. BANKS.

FREDERICK, MD., September 18, 1861.

Major-General BANKS, Darnestown.

SIR: I have just telegraphed to General Dix that we have seized seven members of the house of a very bitter character, and four officers, clerks, &amp;c., who are intensely bitter and are said to have been very forward and to have some of the weaker men up to the work. Several arrests were made of violent or resisting persons whom I shall let go after the others are gone. I shall send four men at least to General Dix, at Baltimore, who are very bad men. I have advised Colonel Ruger to send to Sharpsburg Landing to seize 500 sacks of salt which are waiting for the Southerners to come and take them. They have tried twice to do it. We have also heard of some arms which

