
No meeting of the senate occurred; but three senators were in town and those were Union men. Three subordinate officers of the senate - the chief clerk and printer of the house and one or two others - were also arrested but released after the departure of the members for Annapolis upon taking the oath of allegiance.

Milton Y. Kidd, clerk of the house, is in the last stages of consumption beyond the power of doing harm and was released upon taking the oath and making a solemn declaration to act no further with the Legislature under any circumstances whatever. This course was adopted upon the urgent solicitation of the Union members present. The same parties desired the release of R. C. McCubbin, of Annapolis, upon the same condition. I telegraphed to the commander of the steamer that he might be left at Annapolis under sufficient guard until the orders of the Government could be ascertained.

Colonel Ruger, Third Wisconsin Regiment, Lieutenant Copeland, my aide-de-camp, and a detachment of police rendered efficient aid.

Sufficient information was obtained as to preparations for board, &amp;c., to lead to the belief that the attendance of members would have been large had not the arrest of some of the leaders been made at Baltimore on Saturday and Monday before the day of meeting.

I regret the attempt at Frederick was not more successful.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding Division.

FORT McHENRY, September 20, 1861.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD:

I have arrested and put on board the Baltimore E. G. Kilbourn, a dangerous secessionist, president of the house of delegates. There are two of the arrested persons whose release would I am confident promote the Union cause, and since the Legislature is effectually broken up the Government cannot be injured and may vindicate its justice by its clemency in these cases. One is James U. Dennis, member from Somerset, and the other Philip F. Rasin, member from Kent. The first is a man of standing. Has never been violent and offers to take the oath of allegiance. The other is a man of little consiquence but is connected with Union families. A delegation of Union men from the county were here this morning and ask his release on taking the oath.

JOHN A DIX,

Major-General.

STATE OF MARYLAND, EXECUTIVE CHAMBER,

Annapolis, September 20, 1861.

Major General N. P. BANKS.

DEAR SIR: We have some of the product of your order here in the persons of some eight or ten members of the State Legislature soon I learn to depart for healthy quarters. We see the good fruit already produced by the arrests. We can no longer mince matters with these desperate people. I concur in all you have done.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

THO. H. HICKS.

