
Peabody, the first suitable conveyance at my disposal, to the commanding officer at Fort Lafayette the political prisoners now in my custody arrested in Baltimore. These prisoners were originally fifteen in number but by direction of the Secretary of State through General Dix Mr. Ross Winans, of Baltimore, was yesterday released and permitted to return to his family. I inclose herewith copy of a letter to the commanding officer at Fort Lafayette in relation to these prisoners and which will be delivered to him by Captain Coster the officer in charge of them. The instructions contained in that letter are based upon the recommendations in regard to them made to me by the Secretary of State.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

[Inclosure No. 1.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, September 24, 1861.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Fort Lafayette, New York Harbor.

SIR: By direction of Lieutenant-General Scott I forward to you for custody and safe-keeping at Fort Lafayette the following political prisoners arrested in Baltimore, fourteen in number, viz. *

* * * * *

I presume you will receive instructions in regard to them from the proper quarters. In the meantime according to the recommendation of the Secretary of State to me "they will be allowed decent fare and the privileges of air and exercise compatible with their safe-keeping" not going out of the fort. They must be watched during their confinement and allowed to receive no visitors not authorized by the authorities in Washington and when visited a commissioned officer must be present.

You will acknowledge the receipt of this communication and of the prisoners named in it. Such acknowledgment in writing will be handed to Captain Coster, the bearer of this letter, who will deliver the prisoners into your own custody.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

[Inclosure No. 2.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, September 24, 1861.

Captain COSTER,

First Regiment New York Volunteers, Fort. Monroe.

SIR: You are hereby detailed for special duty and will proceed to New York to-morrow in the steamer George Peabody with fourteen political prisoners now in custody here. They are as follows. +

* * * * *

---------------

* List omitted. Embraces all the names given in Pinkerton to Seward, P. 688, except Ross Winans, who was returned to Baltimore ans released.

+ Names omitted.

---------------

