
You will take charge of these prisoners and keep them safely until you deliver them to the commanding officer at Fort Lafayette, New York Harbor, with the communication addressed to him and herewith handed to you. A guard consisting of a sergeant, corporal and ten men will be placed under your orders to keep watch over these prisoners while in your custody and to allow no communication with the crew of the steamer and only such with the captain and other persons as may be necessary for their comfort and convenience. You will be that these prisoners are properly cared for and well provided and allowed such opportunities for air and exercise as are compatible with their safe-keeping. Upon the delivery of these prisoners to the commanding officer of Fort Lafayette who is probably in command also of Fort Hamilton you will require from him an ackonwledgment in writing that they are all placed in his custody, which acknowledgment you will bring with you on your return to these headquarters and submit in to me together with the report of your proceedings under this letter of instructions.

After landing the prisoners at Fort Lafayette you will proceed in the steamer to New York. On the day following your arrival there you will return with the men in your charge by the first morning train via Baltimore taking the afternoon steamer for Fort Monroe. You will be entitled to transportation at the expence of the Government for yourself and your men and I herewith inclose the necessary papers for that purpose.

The service with which I have charged you is of a delicate and important character and I confide in your vigilance and discretion for its proper performance.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 25, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON, Secretary of War.

DEAR SIR: As the treasonable documents of the Legislature of Maryland were seized I think that the journals of all the sessions should be seized also. The journals from the first session to the last have treasonable speeches and also the reports of S. Teackle Wallis, chairman of committee on federal relations. There are several reports. The treasonable journals and documents are at Kelly, Hedian &amp; Piet, booksellers and binders Baltimore street, between Saint Paul and Calvert streets, Baltimore. There are about 1,500 copies.

I was an officer of the Legislature at the first extra session and for my unconditional Union sentiments they abolished my office. For reference, &c., I refer you to Governor Hicks or General Banks.

Your humble servant,

GEO. W. HOWARD, Jr.,

Baltimore.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, September 27, 1861.

Major General N. P. BANKS, Darnestown, Md.

GENERAL: Representations are made to me that Mr. Gordon, a member of the Legislature, recently arrested and now confined at Fort

