
he should not pretend to disguise the fact that he had alway sympathized with the secessionists; that he was connected and interested with the South but that he did not mean to aid in passing any dangerous resolves at the proximate session of the Legislature.

He added that he did not consider what the Legislature had done as warranting any interference by Government.

I memtioned the Wallis resolutions. He said that they did not look to disturbing the public peace.

We had other conversation of a general character which I do not recall.

I am, yours, respectfully,

R. MORRIS COPELAND,

Aide-de-Camp.

FREDERICK, MD., September 30, 1861.

General N. P. BANKS.

MY DEAR SIR: I received your favor of the 28th last night and hasten to reply.

About a month since Mr. Gordon was arrested at the Relay House, carried to Washington and there detained for some days where as I learn through the public prints he was released upon taking the oath of allegiance.

Since then I have no knowledge of his opinions or actions. Previous to his arrest he was regarded as second only to S. T. Wallis in his opposition to the State and Federal governments.

If he again takes the oath of allegiance and with it an obligation not to return to this State until after the election I do not see how the Union cause would suffer by his discharge.

From my personal knowledge of Pitts, of Baltimore City; Durant, of Saint Mary's; Landing, of Worcester, and Salmon, of Frederick, I am of the opinion that they might be released without injury to the cause upon their taking the oath of allegiance; their discharge would I believe be productive of good.

With great respect, I am, very truly, yours,

EDWARD SHRIVER.

EXECUTIVE CHAMBER, Annapolis, October 2, 1861.

Major-General BANKS, U. S. Army.

MY DEAR SIR: In regard to case of Mr. Gordon, member of house of delegates, Maryland, there may be mitigating circumstances but if indeed so it is unknown to me. He, Mr. Gordon, is considered ultra by those who know him better than I do.

Whilst it is proper to release those against whom improprieties are not proven it has bad effect to release too many after arrest where they are not made clearly innocent. The effect produced by the recent arrests made are marked for good. Mr. Gordon has rendered himself so obnoxious to the Union men of Cumberland (his home) that they refuse to let him return.

Very truly and obediently yours,

THOS. H. HICKS.

