
DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, October 9, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel MARTIN BURKE, Fort Lafayette, N. Y.

SIR: Let Dr. Charles Macgill, a prisoner held in your custody, be released on his taking the oath of allegiance and engaging that he will neither enter any of the States in insurrection against the authority of the Government of the United States nor hold any correspondence or communication whatever with them during the present hostilities without permission from the Secretary of State.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, October 11, 1861.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, Fort McHenry, Baltimore.

GENERAL: I inclose a note* to me of this date from Mr. Blair, the Postmaster-General, and ask your attention to that part of it which recommends the release of Mr. T. Parkin Scott.

I am, general, your very obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

FORT HAMILTON, N. Y. HARBOR, October 11, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: * * * Dr. Charles Macgil refuses to take the oath upon the plea that there is no charge against him. +

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA,Baltimore, Md., October 12, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: I have the honor to ackonwledge the receipt of your letter of the 11th instant inclosing a note from the Postmaster-General and asking my attention to that part of it which recommends the release of Mr. T. Parkin Scott.

I should be very sorry to discourage any kind feeling on the part of the Government in regard to the disloyal men of this State who have been taken into custody though I think there are a number of them who should not be released until the Confederates have laid down their arms. I will not saynow that Mr. Scott is one of them, but I earnestly hope he may not be released until after the 6th of November, the day of the general election in this State. I think it will be carried ought not to be disheartened by turning loose among them those who have been arrested for their open hostility to the Government of their country. When we have put down opposition effectually as I think we shall the clemency of the Government may be exercised to great advantage and will meet the approbation of all.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

* Not found.

+ November 29 the Secretary of State issued a second order to release Macgill, which he again refused for the same reason. See p. 748 for order for his final release.

---------------

