
carry the State of Maryland out of the Union, whereas upon reference to journal of votes and proceedings of the house of delegates of Maryland it will be found I voted for a resolution declaring that the Legislature had no constitutional authority to pass such an ordinance and I positively declare that I do not and never have entertained such a proposition.

For some time past I have been suffering from a chronic affection of the bowels and since my confinement my disease has so increased on me that my health has become much impaired and my life is greatly endangered by my imprisonment. I have been ever since my arriva here confined in a damp and close casemate paved with brick and without fire or any convenience for making a fire in the room.

Under these circumstances I hope that you will at once order my release.

I am, &amp;c.,

L. G. QUINLAN.

FORT HAMILTON, N. Y., October 12, 1861.

We, the undersigned prisoners in Fort Lafayette, certify that Mr. L. G. Quinlan is suffering under a chronic affection of the bowels and believe his further confinement will endanger his life.

ADREW A. LYNCH, M. D.

CHAS. MACGILL, M. D.

J. HANSON THOMAS, M. D.

BERNARD MILLS, M. D.

Having examined L. G. Quinlan, prisoner at Fort Lafayette, and having had him under my care for some two or three weeks I concur in the opinion given by the above signed medicial men.

R. D. LYNDE,

Assistant Surgeon, U. S. Army.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, October 16, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel MARTIN BURKE, Fort Lafayette, N. Y.

COLONEL: Representations are made to me that Henry M. Warfield, a prisoner in your custody, is in feeble health and this is to inform you that this Department will receive any communication from Mr. W. on that subject which he may wish to make. If he desires it you will permit a physician to visit him for the purpose of making a medicial examination.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA,Baltimore, Md., October 16, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: Honorable L. G. Quinlan, a delegate from Baltimore County, is a man of no political influence, of very moderate abilities and by no means a violent secessionist. His arrest would not have been thought

