SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF TEXAS, Numbers 32. San Antonio, February 24, 1861.

The commissioners on the part of the State of Texas having turned over to the Quartermaster's Department twenty-six wagons and terms for the movement of the troops on the line above Fort Clark, those posts - viz, Fort Bliss, Fort Quitman, Fort Davis, Fort Stockton, Fort Lancaster, and Camp Hudson - will be evacuated by their garrisons in the following manner: The most remote garrison will move first, and the garrison of each succeeding post two days after the passage of the command which precedes it. They will direct their march upon Indianola, where march with their arms and ammunition, the necessary clothing and camp equipage, and, as the means of transportation are limited, no extra baggage will be allowed. Lieutenant Henry W. Freedley, Third Infantry, is appointed acting assistant quartermaster of the train. Special instructions will be given to him. Agents on the part of the State will be sent up to the several posts to receive the public property.

By order of Colonel C. A. Waite:

W. A. NICHOLS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF TEXAS,

San Antonio, February 25, 1861.

As some of the companies in the department have already evacuated their posts, deeming the requirements of General Orders, Numbers 5, immediate the department commander calls the attention of post commanders to the condition therein expressed, viz., "as soon as the necessary preparations can be made. " The "necessary preparations" will be made at these headquarters, and no troops will be put in motion until orders for such purpose shall be issued from the department. Should, however, any of the companies within this command have left their stations and be found, on receipt of these instructions, on the march for the coast, they will not consider the above requirements as operative upon them, but will continue their line of march.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF TEXAS,San Antonio, February 26, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel L. THOMAS, Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Army, New York.

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose herewith a statement of the number of troops serving in the Department of Texas, and have to request that transportation may be furnished for them from Indianola and Brazos Santiago to such points as the lieutenant-general commanding the Army shall direct. My arrangements are that the Third Infantry and two companies of the Second Cavalry shall embark at the Brazos, and that the remaining eight companies of the Second Cavalry, the five companies of the First Infantry, and the nine companies of the Eighth Infantry shall proceed to Indianola and take shipping at that place.

* * * * *

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. A. WAITE,

Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding Department.

