
either in Missouri or elsewhere. The names of the officers are: Major and Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel J. V. Bomford, Sixth Infantry; First W. G. Jones, Tenth Infantry; Captain Z. R. Bliss, Eighth Infantry; First Lieutenant J. J. Van Horn, Eighth Infantry; and First Lieutenant R. T. Frank, Eighth Infantry. You are authorized to take any steps which will not commit the Government of the United States toward bringing about the release of these officers and men.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

DAYTON, OHIO, January 7, 1861.

Major-General HALLECK, U. S. Army.

DEAR SIR: Without the honor of a personal acquaintance, I beg leave thus to address you upon a subject very near to my heart. I left, in and near San Antonio, Tex., some 300 prisoners of war, shamefully but unavoidably captured under Colonel Reeve, at "Adams' Hill", in May last. The absolute inevitableness of their surrender, and the unexampled constancy in loyalty of these men, and the worth of their unfortunate officers (well known, perhaps, to you), constitute, in my opinion, strong grounds for the interposition of our Government in their behalf. And inasmuch as your Department must be incumbered by the care of your prisoners of war, and may need the service of such competent and faithful officers, as well as of such well-disciplined and loyal soldiers, I beg leave to suggest an exchange of an equal number of your for them through the correspondent department of Ben. McCulloch.

Trusting that you will not deem this request and impertinence, but actuated by my zeal in the cause of our country and by my earnest friendship for those unfortunable sufferens, I hope you will find their case worthy of your interest and susceptible to your relief.

I am, sir, very truly yours, &amp;c.,

CHARLES ANDERSON.
HDQRS. OF THE ARMY, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,Washington, January 10, 1862.

Major General J. E. WOOL, U. S. Army,

Commanding Department of Southeast Virginia, Fort Monroe, Va.

SIR: The general in-chief desires that you propose and exchange between Colonel J. A. J. Bradford, of North Carolina, and Lieutenant Colonel William Hoffman, Eighth Infantry, so that they may be mutually released from their proles.

I am, sir, &c.,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA, &C.,Fort Monroe, Va., January 10, 1862.

Major General B. HUGER, Commanding at Norfolk, Va.

GENERAL: * * * I would propose for exchange the names of Major and Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel J. V. Bromford, Sixth Infantry; First Lieutenant

