
[Inclosure.]

WOODLIE, WASHINGTON COUNTY, MD.,

October 10, 1861.

Honorable CHARLES B. CALVERT.

MY DEAR SIR: I write to beg you to see Mr. Seward and effect the release if possible of Mr. Thomas J. Claggett, a member of the Legislature of Maryland from Frederick County, now a state prisoner at Fort Lafayette. Mr. Claggett is not in favor of secession; and has never given "aid or comfort" to the enemy; is a quiet and peaceable farmer. He was arrested in his house - on his farm. His arrest I believe was at the instance of evil-disposed neighbors who have misrepresented - probably misunderstood - his position. I feel confident that the charge of treason against him cannot be sustained.

I would apologize for the effort to tax your time and patience in the case did I not recognize in you a patriot and philanthropist whose pleasure it is to see justice done and to aid those who are not able to see themselves righted without assistance.

With high regard, I remain, your obedient servant,

THOMAS MADDOX.

N. B. - I inclose this letter to Mr. Chew who will see and co-operate with you in this matter.

T. M.

BALTIMORE, October 29, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

SIR: I beg leave to unite with the friends of S. Teackle Wallis, esq., in an application to you for his release from confinement. I have known Mr. Wallis well from his early manhood and have never known a man of purer honor. His reputation as a gentleman of high literary attainments and extensive social influence is known to you. I do not know a man of a more extensive and more attached circle of friends. Among these I have always held a position although always differing from him politically.

I do not understand Mr. Wallias to be charged with any crime; his arrest if I am correctly informed is precautionary only. I have conversed with Mr. Wallis frequently upon the political issues of the day, and have never supposed that he entertained any purposes which could make such a step proper or necessary. I am most intimate and confidential with some of Mr. Wallis' most intimate and confidential friends and feel sure from what I have learned from them that Mr. Wallis has not entertained the purposes ascribed to him as the grounds of his arrest and confinement. I deprecate the results at which Mr. Wallis' enemies charge him to have aimed as much as any man; yet I have always deplored his arrest as uncalled for by sound policy and as a measury of public safety. Thinking so I take the liberty of saying that I shall be much gratifield by his release, as will also be almost our entire society.

With very great respect, your obedient servant,

W. L. MARSHALL.

