
[Indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, November 7, 1861.

MY DEAR SIR: Please examine the records of this case and if it be prudent send me a release for him and I will deliver it to Mr. Felton who can use it for good purposes.

Very truly, yours,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

BALTIMORE, November 4, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: As the partner and intimate personal friend of Mr. Wallis who has been now for more than six weeks in close confinement I feel it my duty respectfully to ask an early examination by you of his case.

I take the liberty of inclosing a printed copy of his letter to the New York Tribune in which he indignantly denies any complicity with the enemies of the Government or knowledge of their plans or purposes. The accompanying letters from gentlemen distinguished for their devotion to the Union you will doubtless recognize as entitled to your consideration. Permit me also to add that my own knowledge of Mr. wallis' most secret thoughts justifies me in saying that he had not only done nothing but had no purpose which if known to you would have induced you to order his arrest. I entertain entire confdence that I can remove if you will afford me an opportunity any unfavorable can remove if you will afford me an opportunity any unfavorable impression in regard to him which may have been made in your mind.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN H. THOMAS.

[Inclosure.]

LEGISLATURE OF MARYLAND, HOUSE OF DELEGATES,

Frederick, August 7, 1861.

To THE EDITOR OF THE NEW YORK TRIBUNE:

SIR: I have no desire whatever to affect any opinions you may be pleased to entertain or express in regard to me but I do not think you are entitled to equal license in respect to matters of fact. I find in your paper of yesterday the following editorial paragraph:

We have the best authority for the statement that Mr. Jeff. Davis receives a daily letter from Mr. S. Teackle Wallis and others in Baltimore and keeps his friends there constantly informed of his wishes. His present advice to them is not now to attempt a rising as it would complicate matters unnecessarily; they are to wait for his arrival in the vicinity which he does not think will be much longer delayed.

Now I assert that I have never seen and have knowing Mr. Davis; that I have never had any communication written or otherwise directly or indirectly with him or fromhim in my life, and am as wholly ignorant of his plans, purposes, wishes and advice as you can possibly be.

This gives me a fair opportunity to test and you to show what your deliberate statements in regard to such things are worth. I challenge you to produce your "best authority" for the statement in question and respectfully ask the insertion of this letter in your paper.

Your obedient servant,

S. T. WALLIS.

