
CAMP BAKER, MD., November 8, 1861.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS:

* * * Perry Davis, the secession candidate for the Legislature, was arrested at Port Tobacco and brought in to me for making treasonable speeches during the canvass, but on his assuring me that he made them while running for office in a secession district and that in case of election which was probable he should vote against the ordinance for secession if an opportunity presented itself I deemed it politic to give him his liberty. Besides the election was over. * * *

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

FORT WARREN, BOSTON HARBOR, November 9, 1861.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State, Washington.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose a letter addressed to me from Mr. L. G. Quinlan who is very desirous to return to his family in Maryland. He says he is willing to take the oath of allegiance with any stipulation which may be imposed provided he may return to his family. He appears to be in ill health and somewhat nervous and hypochondriacal.

I have the honor to inclose Doctor Peters' certificate* of the ill health of Mr. Quinlan.

I am, sir, with the highest respect, your obedient servant,

J. DIMICK,

Colonel First Artillery, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

FORT WARREN, BOSTON HARBOR, November 8, 1861.

Colonel DIMICK, U. S. Army.

SIR: On the 13th of September last I was arrested and taken to Fort McHenry and from thence to Fortress Monroe, thence to Fort Lafayette and finally I was brought here. For several years past I have suffered from a chronic affection of the bowels which increased on me whilst at Fort Lafayette to such an extent that I wrote from thence to Secretary Seward asking for my release, and I obtained the certificate of Doctors Macgill, Lynch, Thomas and Mills, fellow prisoners, as to my condition to which was added the certificate of the surgeon of that post.

In reply Secretary Seward offered me my release on condition that I would take an oath of allegiance and not to return to Maryland. The latter part of the condition I could not accept because my pecuniary means would not admit of it. I am a farmer of Baltimore county, Md., and was a member of the Legislature of the State but my time of service has expired. Will you do me the favor to write to Secretary Seward in my behalf.

I am, &amp;c.,

L. G. QUINLAN.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

We certify that the facts above stated are true and that Mr. Quinlan's life is in danger from his confinement.

CHAS. MACGILL, M. D.

J. HANSON THOMAS, M. D.

ANDREW A. LYNCH, M. D.

B. MILLS, M. D.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

