
superseded by the election of successors I trust, sir, you will excuse me for obtruding a word of admonition upon the subject. I beg that you be particular.

To liberate such men as Landing, of Worcester; Maxwell, of Cecil; Claggett, of Frederick, &amp;c., will do us little injury in Maryland; but to release Teackle Wallis, T. Parkin Scott, H. M. Warfield, &c., will be to give us as much trouble here as would the liberation of Mayor Brown, George P. Kane, the police commissioners of Baltimore and other like spirits to them. We are going on right in Maryland and I beg that viz, the identification of Maryland with the Government proper. Everything is working well here and although I have felt that I have not been treated in some instances as I had a right to expect I intend to do my duty and aid to save the Union. I close by saying be careful- do not be over liberal with these fellows.

Your obedient servant, &c.,

THOS. H. HICKS.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, November 15, 1861.

His Excellency THOMAS H. HICKS,

Governor of the State of Maryland.

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your excellency's letter of the 12th instant and to thank you for the suggestions it contains and to assure you of the highest appreciation of the loyal and patriotic spirit which pervades them and influences all your excellency's public conduct.

I have the honor to be, your excellency's obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

FORT WARREN, November 15, 1861.

Mr. SETH C. HAWLEY.

SIR: A notice signed by you appeared this afternoon upon the wall of the quarters in which we are confined. We quote it in full as follows, viz:

FORT WARREN, November 12, 1861.

The undersigned, appointed by the Secretary of State of the United States to examine into the cases of the political prisoners at Fort Warren, desires those prisoners to be prepared to-morrow to answer the question whether they would severally be willing to take the oath of allegiance to the Constitution and Government of the United States if they should be set at liberty, further inquiry into each case to depend upon the answer. To-morrow there will be an opportunity to answer the question.

SETH. C. HAWLEY.

We presume that we are among those whom you designate as "political prisoners," and supporing that you may call on us to-morrow to answer the inquiry which you have indicated we desire to furnish our reply in our own language in order that we may not be misunderstood or misrepresented.

As we understand your notice "further inquiry into each case" is to depend upon the willingness of the individual to take the oath which you propose; that is to say that no man's case will be inquired into unless he first signify his willingness to swear as required.

45 R R-VOL II, VOL I

