
POLICE DEPT., OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL,

Baltimore, November 16, 1861.

Major General JOHN A. DIX.

SIR: Having learned that efforts are being made to procure the release of the State prisoners from Maryland now at Fort Warren I cannot refrain from the expression of my opinion that such an act of leniency would probably be attended with disastrous results to the cause. My personal relations with many of these gentlemen would induce me to concur in the efforts of their friends but I feel impelled by superior considerations to express the opinion that such a measure would seriously retard the growing feeling of confidence in the Government now so unmistakably manifest among us.

Our friends are universally adverse to such an act of clemency at this juncture. We fear that the time has not yet come for this act of magnanimity on the part of Government and hope that if this measure has been seriously contemplated that it may be postponed until assurance is made doubly sure that this unnatural rebellion has ceased to exist.

With great respect, I am, your obedient servant,

GEO. R. DODGE,

Provost-Marshal.

FORT WARREN, November 19, 1861.

Mr. S. C. HAWLEY.

SIR: In reply to your inquiry I would state that I have not knwongly done anything against the laws and Constitution of the United States. I have no wish to do so hereafter. I am willing to take an oath that I will not during the present war take up arms against the United States nor aid in any way her enemies whether foreign or domestic. I do this in good faith without making or desiring to make any mental reservation. I reside in Maryland and have been a member of the Legislature from 1845 up to the present session one year excepted. As my whole interest is in Maryland I expect to stand by Maryland and the United States. I have always been opposed to secession knowing that it would put Maryland in a critical condition.

G. W. LANDING.
HEADQUARTERS,Baltimore, Md., November 20, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: I have carefully examined the list of prisoners sent from Fort McHenry to Forts Lafayette and Columbus and with the concurrence of Mr. Dodge, the provost-marshal, recommend that the following be discharged from arrest on taking the oath ofallegiance: The Honorable John J. Heckart, of Cecil County, senator. Mr. Heckart is advanced in age, not a violent secessionist and in the session of June last separated from his political friends in a vote on the resolution recognizing the Southern Confederacy. He was in the negative.

Honorable Leonard G. Quinlan, Baltimore County, delegate. Mr. Quinlan is a moderate man in talents, influence, and political feeling.

Honorable William G. Harrison, city of Baltimore, delegate. Mr. Harrison has been a uniform but not a violent secessionist. His health is precarious and his release is recommended on this ground.

