
Honorable George W. Landing, Worcester County, delegate. Mr. Landing is a man of no importance; was not quite himself when arrestedand may be safely allowed to go home.

Thomas Shields, George Thompson, A. Williamson, David H. Lucchesi, George A. Appleton, Michael J. Grady, John L. Bouldin, Robert Rae, Charles D. French, A. Robert Carter. These ten persons are of no importance; they were arrested for carrying on an illicit correspondence with the Confederate States or for having intended to go into their service.

Thomas B. Giles, Joseph Bacon, S. B. Frost. These three men were arrested on the charge of concealing a balloon belonging to the UnitedStates in Delaware. I think there was some doubt as to one of them and all have been sufficiently punished.

If you will direct a list of prisoners from Maryland to be sent to me when the above shall have been discharged I will examine it carefully with the provost-marshal and shall recommend some further releases. Some of the prisoners named above I believe are still in Fort Columbus.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

PRINCESS ANNE, MD., November 22, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State, Washington.

SIR: I have the honor to forward to you a memorial and letter of sundry influential citizens of Worcester County in this State asking for the release of George W. Landing, lately a member of the Legislature from that county and now a prisoner in Fort Warren. The memorialists are well known to me, and I take pleasure in saying that they are loyal and influential citizens and to them we are indebted in a great degree for success in the late election by which that county was rescued from the dominion of revolutionary sentiment and ranged under the banner of the Union.

I am also well acquainted with Mr. Landing. He has some means and is liberal to those around him and hence is popular in his neighborhood. He is uneducated, very ignorant and entirely incapable of conceiving or executing any scheme at all dangerous to the public peace if he were so inclined. But he has no strong passions or dangerous resentments and has no particular bias for or against the Government. He was elected two years ago as a Democrat and in the Legislature he followed his party associations. He voted with the majority but from my knowledge his party associations. He voted with the majority but from my knowledge of him I am safe in saying he was not aware of the tendencies of his votes. He is not a dangerous man and the Government has dignified him overmuch by his arrest and confinement. I am not informed but I feel sure that he would not hesitate to give any reasonable pledge of his future good conduct the Government would exact.

I recommend his discharge; it is the wish of the friends of the Government where he resides and his official term has now expired. He can do no harm and his liberation will tend to strengthen the loyal good feeling now growing in that vicinity.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

J. W. CRISFIELD.

