
[Inclosure.]

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

We, the subscribers, Union citizens of Worcester and Somerset Counties, State of Maryland, having witnessed the good effect of the kindness and clemency of the Government in this section in subduing secession which now seems entirely overcome, recommend and pray to Your Honor to release our neighbor and friend, Mr. George W. Landing, one of the members of our late Legislature now confined by your authority in Boston, November, 1861.

N. WALLS BENNUM.

[And 35 other citizens.]

SNOW HILL, WORCESTER COUNTY, MD.,

November 24, 1861.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

MY DEAR SIR: I recommend that the release of George W. Landing, a political prisoner at Fort Warren, shall be granted upon his taking the oath prescribed by law. There is no just reason in my belief for his further detention and the sin of his offending is not a tithe in comparison to that of other members of the Legislature of the State who have been set at liberty by the Government, nor has his ability to do harm to the Government been half so great nor has there been on his part any attempt to foster the rebellion in my belief. The day before his arrest he gave me an assurance of his loyalty that induced me to write to the officer supposed to have the arresting process in hand to leave him unmolested if it was possible to do so.

I have the honor to be, &amp;c.,

G. W. P. SMITH.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, November 25, 1861.

Honorable JOHN W. CRISFIELD, Princess Anne, Md.

SIR: I have to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 22nd instant and its inclosures. In reply I have to inform you that orders for the discharge of George W. Landing have been sent to the officer in command of Fort Warren.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

413 BROOME STREET, NEW YORK,

November 25, 1861.

F. W. SEWARD, Assistant Secretary of State.

DEAR SIR: A. Kessler, of Maryland. -A member of the Legislature (delegate); term expired and a successor elected. His county at late election voted largely Union. When in the Legislature voted against passing an ordinance of secession. Claims to be for the Union; will take the oath. Will do no harm if at large.

