
W. G. Jones, Tenth Infantry; Captain Z. R. Bliss, Eighth Infantry; First Lieutenant J. J. Van Horn, Eighth Infantry, and First Lieutenant R. T. Frank, Eighth Infantry, now detained as prisoners at Texas, all of whom, if released on parole, I have no doubt would procure the exchange of a similar number of Southern officers of like rank now in charge of the Federal Government. I would propose in the same way the exchange of the men of the Eighth Infantry now in Texas.

If Lieutenant James T. Lasselle, Lieutenant Allen, and Adjt. John W. Pool, now at Fort Warren, are of the same rank as First Lieutenant W. G. Jones, Tenth Infantry; First Lieutenant J. J. Van Horn, Eighth Infantry, and First Lieutenant R. T. Frank, Eighth Infantry I would propose an exchange with those officers, or any of them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, January 12, 1862.

CHARLES ANDERSON, Esq., Dayton, Ohio.

SIR: I have often ask for authority to exchange prisoners of war, but have not received any answer, except in two special cases. Without proper authority I cannot act in this matter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

Numbers 30 CLINTON PLACE, NEW YORK CITY,

January 12, 1862.

General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

GENERAL: I had the honor of receiving only yesterday a copy of the instructions of the general-in-chief*, in relation to an exchange of Colonel Bradford and myself, and I cannot refrain from expressing my grateful obligations for the consideration and the satisfaction I feel at the prospect it holds out to me soon being permitted to take part in the active and arduous services which now engage the army. Whatever position I may be called on to fill will command my utmost abilities and a soldier's devotion in sustaining the honor of our flag and the cause of the Union.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel Eighth Infantry.

SAINT LOUIS, January 12, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General of the Army, Washington.

GENERAL: Your letter of the 7th in relation to the exchange of certain prisoners in Texas is received, but I do not understand its meaning in this: that I am not to commit the Government. If by this it is

---------------

* See Thomas to Dimick, December 26.

---------------

