
Thomas Shields, Michael J. Grady, George A. Appleton, William G. Harrison and A. Robert Carter refused to take the oath.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. DIMICK,

Colonel First Artillery and Brevet Colonel, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure.]

I, G. W. Landing, do solemnly swear that I will support, protect and defend the Constitution and Government of the United States against all enemies whether domestic or foreign and that I will bear true faith, loyalty and allegiance to the same, any ordinance, resolution or law of any State convention or legislature to the contrary notwithstanding; and further that I do this with a full determination, pledge and purpose and without any mental reservation or evasion whatsoever; and further that I will well and faithfully perform all the duties which may be required of me by law hereby stipulating that I will neither enter into any of the States in insurrection against the Government of the United States nor hold any correspondence whatsoever with persons residing in those States nor transmit any correspondence between any disloyal persons without permission from the Secretary of State, and also that I will not do anything hostile to the United States during the present insurrection, so help me God.

G. W. LANDING.

Sworn and subscribed to before me on this the 26th day of November, 1861, at Fort Warren, Boston Harbor.

J. DIMICK,

Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding Post.

NOTE. -Leonard G. Quinlan, J. J. Heckart and others also subscribed to this oath on the same day.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, November 26, 1861.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, Baltimore.

GENERAL: Herewith I have the honor to transmit a list* of Maryland prisoners which has been submitted to me by the Honorable Reverdy Johnson with a recommendation that the persons therein named be released on taking the oath and entering into the usual engagements required by this Department. Will you have the kindness to examine it and report to me your opinion in regard to the matter.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

BALTIMORE, November 26, 1861.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD:

Was Senator Heckart released on the condition that he should not resume his office?

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

---------------

*See Johnson to Seward, November 12.

---------------

