
U. S. MARSHAL'S OFFICE, DISTRICT OF MASSACHUSETTS,

Boston, November 27, 1861.

F. W. SEWARD, Esq., Assistant Secretary of State.

SIR: I received the orders for Colonel Dimick at Fort Warren to release the persons named therein yesterday and proceeded immediately to the fort to attend to their execution.

Five of these parties refused to take the oath and were retained in custody, namely, G. A. Appleton, A. Robert Carter, William G. Harrison, M. J. Grady and Thomas Shields.

The others all took the oath of allegiance and the stipulations required and were released. * * *

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN S. KEYES,

U. S. Marshal.
HEADQUARTERS,Baltimore, November 27, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: The Honorable Reverdy Johnson's list is not discriminating. I have submitted it to Mr. Dodge, the provost-marshal, and inclose his letter. To his suggestions I beg leave to submit the following:

1. P. F. Rasin, from Kent County, was offered his release on condition that he would take the oath of allegiance and declined.

2. James W. Maxwell ought not to be released.

4. J. H. Gordon ought not to be released.

6. E. G. Kilbourn ought by no means to be released.

Dr. A. A. Lynch, senator, I think might be released on condition that he should resign his place in the senate and take the oath. The Union men have a majority of the senate; but it is now considered desirable to have three more. I did not know this when I wrote in regard to Senator Heckart or I would have suggested the same condition in his case but I think it can be arranged here.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

BALTIMORE, November 27, 1861.

Major General JOHN A. DIX.

SIR: I have carefully examined the list of political prisoners from Maryland now in confinement at Fort Warren and elsewhere and give below the exact position they occupy in the public estimation here where they are best known.

At the same time I cannot refrain from the expression of my official opinion that the release of such members of the Legislature as were prominent at the session held at Frederick would be hailed as a victory over the Government by the secessionists, and would seem to make good their oft-repeated assertion that these men were only put out of the way until after the election when they would be released as they had not committed any offense against the Government.

I would respectfully suggest that Mr. Heckart's release should have been accompanied by the condition that he should resign his seat in the senate; so also should that of Doctor Lynch if it is contemplated. I

