
FORT WARREN, November 28, 1861.

[Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD.]

DEAR SIR: I am the only member of the Maryland Legislature now in Fort Warren. The Legislature meets on the 3rd of December next. All my fellow-members are at liberty to attend and why I alone should be confined appears strange to me. I have never violated the Constitution nor have I by any legislative acts or otherwise attempted to sever the bonds of the Union but to the contrary have done all in my power to maintain both.

I should have written to you long since but ws induced to believe the true merits of my case had been presented to you by my old friend Reverdy Johnson who is intimately acquainted with my legislative antecedents. I regard my arrest and imprisonment the result of gross misrepresentation. Upon investigation should you find my loyalty fully indorsed by nearly three months' imprisonment I think sufficient without demanding of me an oath not required of my fellow senators who have neither been arrested nor imprisoned. I trust when giving my case a full and final investigation you wll at least make no demands not required of others more guilty than myself.

My objection to taking the oath I trust will not be regarded as a want of loyalty. I have been imprisoned without a cause and I think have a right to expect an unconditional discharge.

All of which I most respectfully submit.

Yours, truly,

A. A. LYNCH.

P. S. -Should the above conditions not meet your views I would respectfully suggest my release on parole. I shall leave it with you to dictate the terms. All I ask is an honorable discharge which I think my true legislative course when indorsed by you will demand.

A. A. L.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, November 29, 1861.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, Baltimore.

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 27th instant together with its inclosure from George R. Dodge, provost-marshal of Baltimore, in reference to Maryland prisoners.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

BALTIMORE, November 30, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: As the physician of S. Teackle Wallis, esq., now a prisoner in Fort Lafayette, N. Y., I respectfully urge upon you the condition of his health as requiring his release at your hands.

A thorough acquaintance with the physical status of my patient justifies me in exprressing my conviction that his feeble constitution cannot withstand the undermining influences of incarceration. Indeed I have

