
He also offered to sign any paper addressed to the President soliciting the release of Doctor Thomas and friends. This statement of Mr. Pratt's views and feelings I of course vouch for.

Mr. William McKim, another signer of the address, was written to by the brother of Mr. Charles Howard. Copies of the correspondence are inclosed* herewith and should satisfy and mind that no influence prejudicial to the liberty of these gentlemen was intended to be exercised by him. I am told that other signers have said they regretted the effect of that part of the address and that no part of it was intended for publication.

Whether this is the real cause of their continued imprisonment is known only to the President and his counsellors; but if it is I feel sure that at least the greater portion of the signers of that address would disavow its application to the gentlemen in question as has already been done by their chairman and by Mr. McKim.

I feel that these comments upon this address are necessary to explain to you the unexpected postponement of the release of the gentlemen from Baltimore, and to further enlist the sympathy you have so kindly manifested in thth the hope that we may all meet at no distant day as friends and brothers and that our present unhappy strife may be speedily ended,

I am, yours, &amp;c.,

SAM. K. GEORGE.

BALTIMORE, December 7, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

DEAR SIR: It has been represented to us by reliable loyal citizens residing in the city of Annapolis and in Saint Mary's County that Mr. Clarke J. Durant, of Saint Mary's County, Md., late of the Legislature of this State and now confined in Fort Warren, has never been guilty of any disloyal acts and is now willing to take the oath of allegiance or any condition that may be imposed on him by the Government; and understanding that the Government has granted the release of several parties similarly situated we would respectfully solicit your intervention in behalf of Mr. Clarke J. Durant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS H. GARDNER,

THOMAS SEWELL, JR.

I am well acquainted with the gentlemen who certify the above. They are loyal and reliable men and any statement they make is entitled to confidence.

Very respectfully, &c.

HENRY W. HOFFMAN,

Collector.

HEADQUARTERS, Baltimore, December 7, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: I sent a few days ago by mail the journals and documents of the senate and house of delegates of Maryland and the laws passed at a special session of the Legislature of 1861 but I accidently omitted to advise you of their transmission.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

