
Whilst my sympathies are ever alive to the sufferings of my fellow beings particularly unprotected females, and in this case one who is a descendant of a revolutionary soldier long an intimate and personal friend, I could in nowise permit my sympathies in the slightest degree to induce me to do anything that might militate against the integrity and welfare of my country. Should there be no evidence that he has been guilty of treasonable acts against the Government or giving aid and comfort to the enemy within your knowledge of which I am ignorant might I not be excused for recommending his release upon such terms as your superior wisdom may suggest?

Most respectfully,

WM. J. BLAKISTONE.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, December 16, 1861.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, Baltimore.

GENERAL: Herewith I have the honor to inclose some statements relative to the cases of John M. Brewer and Andrew Kessler. Their release is recommended by the Honorable Francis Thomas. Will you have the kindness to read them and return the inclosure with your opinion thereon to this Department.

I am, &amp;c.,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

[Inclosure.]

LEGISLATURE OF MARYLAND, HOUSE OF DELEGATES,

Annapolis, December 10, 1861.

Honorable FRANCIS THOMAS, Washington.

MY DEAR SIR: I have received your note. I do not desire that any special exertion shall be made on behalf of Mr. B. nor anyone else. As the Government has seen fit to apprehend him and others it is to be presumed they had good cause for it, and ignorant of the grounds of the arrests it would be hazardous on our part to offer advice ormake any instances in relation thereto. All that we can do is to suggest the insignificance of Mr. B. in this political relations and our impression that if the Government would examine into his case they would in all likehood set him at large. The only motive for your or our interposition is to be found in the fact that the poor fellow has no friend to take up his cause and he is therefore in danger of being overlooked.

Our police bill is under consideration and I think we shall in a few days act satisfactorily on the subject.

Yours, respectfully,

TH. S. ALEXANDER.

FORT WARREN, December 16, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: By the memorial addressed by me to the president of the senate of Maryland which was forwarded to you* and by you transmitted

---------------

*Not found; but see Lynch's letter of January 1, 1862, to the president of the Maryland senate, p. 725.

---------------

