
to the governor of Maryland by whom it was laid before the body for whose consideration it was intended you fully understand my position. That memorial was entered upon the journal of the senate and referred to the committee on federal relations of that body. A report will doubtless soon be made upon it by that committee when my case will come up for the consideration of the senate. It is a case which involves my rights as a member of the senate and as a citizen of the State of Maryland, and concerns my character both as a public man and a private individual. I claim as a right and as but a measure of common justice to be personally present and to be ehard by my peers when matters of such vast moment to me in all the relations to which I have adverted shall come up for their action.

I therefore request that you will grant me a parole by whic I may take my seat as a senator of Maryland and have an opportunity to vindicate myself before a body certainly not partial to me and yet before which I will fearlessly appear and submit my public conduct and political action to the severest scrutiny which even my opponenets can institute confident that I shall come out of the ordeal freed from all suspicion of the slightest act inconsistent with the character of a good citizens and an honest man.

I would add as a further reason for my being discharged upon parole the necessities of my private business which have been deemed by you in the cases of several of my late fellow-prisoners from the State of Maryland good cause for their discharge upon parole. In my own case a necessity the most urgent is presented in the fact that my attorney Benjamin M. Heighe, late of the city of Baltimore, who had charge of my business in the laesing of a large number of buildings and the collection of the rents as well as in making my collections generally has died within a few weeks past and since my imprisonment and there is no one competent or authorized to take charge of the matters which were in his hands.

I am, respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

ANDREW A. LYNCH.
HEADQUARTERS,Baltimore, December 17, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: I have the honor to return the papers in the case of Andrew Kessler, a member of the Maryland Legislature now confined in Fort Warren. He was never in custody at Fort McHenry and was not on the list of prisoners here; but I am acquainted with all the circumstances relating to his arrest and recommend his release on taking the oath of allegiance. He voted against the resolution to recognize the Confederate States.

In my letter to you of the 14th instant* I recommended that JohnM. Brewer be released on his parole for thirty days.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

