
meant that I am to act in an unofficial capacity, I must respectfully decline doing so. I cannot negotiate the exchange of prisoners except in my official capacity as an authorized agent of the United States.

Neither General Polk nor General Price have charge of the prisoners in Texas, and must refer any proposition of mine to their Government. Am I authorized to open negotiations with either of these gentlemen for the exchange of prisoners of war? If permitted to do this I can effect the exchange of others, and possibly of those now in Texas.

* * * *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HDQRS. OF THE ARMY, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,Washington, January 16, 1862.

Honorable GIDEON WELLES, Secretary of the Navy.

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 10th instant* I have the honor to inform you that the exchange of Lieutenant W. G. Jones and Assistant Surgeon Lynde, U. S. Army, will be agreeable to the War Department. With the papers returned in your letter, herewith inclosed, at your request, I respectfully forward a copy of a letter+ to Colonel Dimick, of the 10th instant, in relation to the exchange of Lieutenant Dalton, late U. S. Navy, and Captain Tansill and Lieutenant Tattanal, late of the U. S. Marine Corps.

I have the honor, &amp;c.,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

FORT WARREN, BOSTON HARBOR,

January 16, 1862.

General L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I inclose a list+ of prisoners paroled from this post from 13th December to 16th January to be exchanged. I have also to report that I have sent a message to General Huger, through Commodore Barron, offering to parole the whole of the North Carolina prisoners, in exchange for the officers and men of the U. S. Infantry now held in Texas, and the excess of the North Carolina prisoners over the number of the infantry in Texas to be exchanged for any other prisoners of ours in confinement South. I think General Huger will accede to my proposition; if he does I shall consider myself authorized by your letter of the 9th to send the North Carolina prisoners off without further orders. I paroled Captain Tansill for Captain Bliss, of the Eighth Infantry, on the 10th. On the 14th I received yours of the 10th ordering his exchange for Captain Manson, Seventy-ninth New York. This morning I have paroled Julian Myers, late of the Navy, for Captain Z. R. Bliss, of the Eighth Infantry.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. DIMICK,

Colonel First Artillery, Commanding Post.

---------------

* Not found.

+ Omitted.

---------------

