
DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, December 17, 1861.

Colonel JUSTIN DIMICK, Fort Warren, Boston, Mass.

COLONEL: You may release John M. Brewer, a Maryland prisoner, on his stipulation upon oath that he will not enter any of the States in insurrection against the authority of the Government of the United States; that he will not hold any correspondence himself nor be engaged in any with persons residing in those States; that he will not hold any treasonable correspondence or be engaged in any with any persons whomsoever; that he will not do any act or thing hostile or injurious to the Government of the United States, and that at the expiration of the period of thirty days* from thedate of his release he will voluntarily return to Fort Warren and deliver himself into your custody unless otherwise directed by the Secretary of State.

I am, &amp;c.,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, December 18, 1861.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, Baltimore.

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 17th instant relative to Andrew Kessler and John M. Brewer. In reply I have to inform you that the former will be released on taking the oath; and that an order to release the latter on parole for thirty days was issued immediately upon the receipt of your report of the 14th instant.

I have the honor, &c.,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.
HEADQUARTERS,Baltimore, December 21, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose a letter from Honorable Francis Thomas recommending the release of Honorable Thomas J. Claggett and William E. Salmon, late members of the house of delegates. Both are willing to take the oath of allegiance and I concur in recommending their release.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

WASHINGTON, December 20, 1861.

Major General J. A. DIX.

SIR: From our conversation I learned that you have omitted to refer to the cases of Thomas J. Claggett and William E. Salmon in your letter to the Secretary of State respecting the release of Messrs. Kess-

---------------

*On the recommendation of General Dix, this period was extended to sixty days.

---------------

