
FARMERS AND MERCHANTS BANK,

Baltimore, December 24, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: At the suggestion and request of the directors of this bank I respectfully solicit the temporary release on his parole of Dr. John Hanson Thomas, the president of this bank, now confined in Fort Warren as a prisoner of state. His absence has caused some inconvenience in the administration of the business of the bank and his absence at this particular time (near the beginning of another year) is especially inconvenient. The directors would be glad to see him discharged unconditionally but as agents for the bank they limit their application him to examine its affairs and assist in the preparation of the annual statements so that they may be authenticated as required by law.

Hoping that this request may meet a favorable response,

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES MOTT,

Cashier.

[First indorsement.]

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, December 27, 1861.

Respectfully referred to Major-General Dix by the Secretary of State for opinion as to the propriety of granting the request. This letter to be returned with report thereon.

E. D. WEBSTER,

Clerk.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS,Baltimore, January 1, 1862.

I respectfully recommend that Dr. Thomas be released on parole for thirty days. Remit the application to me.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, December 26, 1861.

Colonel JUSTIN DIMICK, Fort Warren.

SIR: Lawrence Sangston may be allowed to visit his family in Baltimore and to be absent thirty days on giving his parole that he will return to Fort Warren at the end of that time and will do no act hostile to the United States.

I am, &amp;c.,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

FORT WARREN, December 28, 1861.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD.

SIR: I am a prisoner in Fort Warren. I have been arrested at the arbitrary will of the Government at Washington acting more particularly through the Department thereof over which you preside.

