
charged. If he is yet in restraint I beg leave to suggest in his case that I found no greater evidence of disloyalty in his case than in the other prisoners from Maryland who have been set at liberty. He was a senator and the record showed that he opposed direct secession. I thought him to be as friendly to the Union as any of the members of the Legislature but the circumstances that he was a hold-over senator and entitled to a seat in the Legislature at the then next session induced me to think it safe for him to remain in Fort Warren until after the session should be over as I could not tell how the parties would stand in that body.

I think now that it would be safe to let him out (if he ha snot already been released) on the usual terms. I have not asked you for papers in his case and my conclusion should pass for nothing if you have any proofs against him on file in your Department showing that he ought to be held.

Yours, respectfully,

S. C. HAWLEY.
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION,Baltimore, Md., January 11, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: I have the honor to return the letters of Mr. Tracy. * I do not think Mr. T. Parkin Scott should be released even if he should agree to take the oath of allegiance. His presence here would be very distasteful to the friends of the Union whose feelings should be respected, and I regard him as one of the few persons in custody who should be under restraint until the insurrection is suppressed or until the Confederate army in front of the Potomac is dispersed. The inclosed letter# from him to the board of police written on the 2nd of May, 1861, will show you how deeply he was implicated in the treasonable movements in Maryland at that day.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Warren, Boston Harbor, January 14, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I have the honor to report that J. Hanson Thomas declines the parole offered to him by yours of the 3rd instant.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. DIMICK,

Colonel First Artillery and Brevet Colonel, Commanding Post.

---------------

*Not found.

#See p. 675 letter of Scott to Police board.

---------------

