
business is necessary to the comfort and welfare of his family. His honor, the honor of his father's house, is a consideration dear to his heart. How can he vindicate his name and his fame from the suspicions which now environ him?

Pericles in his dying moments declared, " I never yet caused a single citizen to put on mourning. " Happy the man in our day who at the close of life shall be able to say, I have wronged no man by word or deed; I was always ready to vindicate the cause of the innocent from the crafts and assaults of the false, the unscrupulous and the wicked.

Hoping you will excuse a stranger for thus taxing your time and patience and that you will aid in doing justice to a wronged and innocent man,

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS MADDOX.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

ANNAPOLIS, MD., January 24, 1862.

The undersigned, delegates from Frederick County in the Legislature of Maryland, respectfully state that they are acquainted with Thomas J. Claggett, late a delegate from Frederick County in the last Legislature, and that we regard him as a harmless, peaceable and respectable citizen and believe that his release from confinement would be very acceptable to the people of Frederick County generally as it certainly would be to the undersigned.

THOS. HAMMOND.

J. M. COCLE.

THO. JOHNSON.

JOSHUA BIGGS.

I, Andrew A. Lynch, of Baltimore County, Md., do solemnly swear that I will support, protect and defend the Constitution and Government of the United States against all enemies whether domestic or foreign, and that I will bear true faith, allegiance and loyalty to the same, any ordinance, resolution or law of any State convention or Legislature to the contrary notwithstanding; and further that I do this with a full determination, pledge and purpose without any mental reservation or evasion whatsoever; and further that I will well and faithfully perform all the duties which may be required of me by law.

Hereby stipulating that I will neither enter any of the States in insurrection against the authority of the United States Government nor hold any correspondence whatever with persons residing in those States without permission from the Secretary of State, and also that I will not do any thing hostile to the United States during the present insurrection. So help me God.

ANDREW A. LYNCH.

Subscribed and sworn to this 24th day of January, A. D. 1862, before me at Fort Warren.

J. DIMICK,

Colonel First Artillery and Brevet Colonel, Commanding Post.

I request this my protest may be filed with the oath which I have taken required of me by the State Department in their order to Colonel Dimick, January 20, 1862. I feel myself compelled by circum-

