
render themselves to Major General John A. Dix at Baltimore, to be by him returned to the fort unless he shall otherwise direct; and that in the meantime they will neither enter any of the States in insurrection against the authority of the Government of the United States nor hold any correspondence with any person residing in those States without permission from the Secretary of State, nor be engaged in any treasonable communication with any body nor do any act hostile or injurious to the Government of the United States.

I am, &amp;c.,

W. H. SEWARD.

(Copy to General Dix.).

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, February 1, 1862.

Colonel JUSTIN DIMICK, Fort Warren, Boston.

COLONEL: Your letter of the 30th ultimo has been received. You will please hold R. M. Denison in your custody till further orders from this Department.

I am, &c.,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

BALTIMORE, February 1, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: There is one sentence in a speech made by Mr. S. Teackle Wallis (now in Fort Warren) at a meeting held in the Maryland Institute in this city on the evening of February 1, 1861, that may not be known to you as I am sure that it is not to the community generally, and I therefore send it to you as I find it in my file of the Baltimore American of the following day.

Mr. Wallis having expressed his "intense indignation which the course of Governor Hicks excited in his breast" and having commented on the Governor's letter, &c., said:

From all this it is plain that you must patiently wait until Lincoln is inaugurated and then you will be called on to support his government. [Loud cries of "Never! Never!"] This is a compact, however, that requires two to agree to. After they have got you thus far it will be too late for you to express your views on the subject. * * * They tell us that the Union is all in all and that secession is unconstitutional. Do they suppose that we aatute books which are binding on all?

The last sentence is the one referred to above; and if Mr. Wallis and his friends did not feel themselves bound by 'statute books" I can see no reason why they should find fault with you for exercising the same privilege.

The president of that meeting was Dr. A. C. Robinson. Among the vice-presidents I find the names of William G. Harrison, S. Teackle Wallis, Charles H. Pitts, T. Parkin Scott and J. Hanson Thomas.

Beside Mr. Wallis, Robert M. McLane, E. Louis Lowe and others addressed the meeting.

Very respectfully,

HENRY COLBURN, M. D.

