
[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS, Baltimore, February 14, 1862.

It is respectfully recommended that Dr. Bernard Mills be discharged from arrest on taking the oath of allegiance.

JOHN A. DIX,Major-General.

FORT WARREN, BOSTON HARBOR,

February 14, 1862.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I have the honor to report that Thomas J. Claggett declines taking the oath of allegiance. * * *

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. DIMICK,

Colonel First Artillery, Commanding Fort.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, February 20, 1862-12. 27 p. m.

Major-General DIX, Baltimore, Md.:

Will you have the kindness to report by to-night's post the names of such of the Maryland prisoners as in your judgment may with safety be released under the recent order of this Department.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS,Baltimore, February 20, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: In compliance with your telegraphic dispatch of this morningI recommend the discharge of the following persons confined for political reasons from custody "on subscribing a parole engaging them to render no aid or comfort to enemies in hostility to the United States," agreeably to your order of the 14th* instant: William H. Gatchell, John W. Davis, William G. Harrison, J. Hanson Thomas, Robert M. Denison, P. F. Rasin, William F. McKewen, Robert Renwick, Charles D. French, Thomas B. Giles, Joseph Bacon, S. B. Frost, Robert W. Rasin, George Armistead Appleton, R. C. Holland, Edward C. Cottrell, J. B. Swain, E. H. McCubbin, William Bross, J. S. Coleman, J. H. Weaver, J. R. Runnell, H. Stunz, P. O'Brien, J. Smith, A. Thompson and William Perry. It may be that some of these persons have already been discharged by order of the Secretary of State. It is supposed that there may be other Marylanders in custody at New York or Boston. The foregoing list embraces only persons who were confined at Fort McHenry and transferred to other places.

I deem it proper to add for your information the names of persons from Maryland who ought not in my judgment to be released at present: George P. Kane, marshal of police, under indictment; Charles Howard, president of board of police commissioners; Thomas C. Fitzpatrick, a recruiting officer for the insurgents; Richard Thomas (Zarvona, or the French lady), under indictment; Frank Key Howard,

---------------

*February 21 Secretary Stanton ordered to be released from various prisons on the 22nd a large number of political prisoners upon their engaging upon honor to render no aid or comfort to the enemies of the United States. See Volume II, this Series, "Treatment of Suspected and Disloyal Persons," for this order, and also the general order of the 14th. William G. Harrison, William H. Gatchell, and Henry M. Warfield declined this parole. See p. 748, this volume, for the unconditional release of the remaining Maryland political prisoners. -COMPILER.

---------------

