
editor of The Exchange; T. Parkin Scott, H. M. Warfied, S. Teackle Wallis, ex-members of the Legislature, influential and dangerous; Dr. S. Brown, ready to enter the service of the insurgents as a surgeon; R. H. Bigger, a recruiting officer for the insurgents; George Julius, now on temporary parole and very vindictive; A. W. Habersham, ready to enter the Confederate service; Benjamin T. Gunther, of the Eastern Shore of Virginia, dangerous; Robert Hull, recently confined by Secretary of State; George William Brown, mayor of Baltimore; if released he would resume his office. The incumbent is a loyal man and discharges the duty of mayor by virtue of his office as president of the first board of the common council. The Legislature of Maryland is about to pass a law requiring a mayorlaty election in May. Mr. Brown will then be outsed and may be safely released.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

FORT WARREN, February 22, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington.

SIR: As a member of the Legislature of Maryland I was taken from my dwelling at midnight of September 12 last by the military police in the city of Baltimore and have since been incarcerated in four several prisons and now nearly four months in this one of Fort Warren. I was told my arrest was by orders from Washington. I refuse to accept any release but an unconditional one because I will not seem even to acquiesce in an act which has violated one of the most sacred bonds of our Government, Article 4 of the amendments to the Constitution of the United States: "The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers and effects against inreasonable searches and seizures shall not be violated by oath or affirmation and particularly describing the place to be searched and the persons or things to be seized. "

I have been arrested in defiance of law, punished without charge of crime or trial or judgment of my peers and I will not sanction the insinuation which a parole affords that any charge has been made and proved warranting what has been done.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM G. HARRISON.

FORT WARREN, BOSTON HARBOR,

February 22, 1862.

Colonel J. DIMICK, Commanding, &amp;c.

SIR: I propose to claim your attention to the reasons why I cannot accept the parole that has been offered to me through you and by authority from Washington, and which I ask the favor of your transmitting to the Secretary of War in whose keeping it appears I now am.

About midnight of the 12th of September, 1861, a body of armed men by practicing deception obtained entrance into my house and without warrant or any other mode known to the law arrested me as I then understood upon a telegraphic dispatch from William H. Seward, Secretary of State. I submitted to that arrest only on account of the force brought against me.

