
MAY 24, 1861-7. 15 p. m.

[Colonel J. B. MAGRUDER.]

SIR: I regret to inform you that Lieutenant-Colonel Ewell was taken prisoner at Fort Monroe; under what plea I have not been able to understand. I had requested an interview with Major-General Butler (now in command) this morning which was granted at 3. 30 p. m. My main object was to ascertain how far he intended to take possession of Virginia soil in order that I might act in such a manner as to avoid collision between our scouts. I could only gather from him that it was "a military necessity" for him to occupy our land for an encampment and that he could only say that if he was not interfered with by bodies of armed troops he would molest no one. He indicated his determination to take possession of anything which he might deem necessary for his use. In accordance with these principles he has taken three of Colonel Mallory's negroes which he has refused to give up on application. I dispatched to Colonel Ewell a detailed account of a reconnaissance which they made on yesterday to this place.

* * * *

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. CARY,

Major Artillery, Virginia Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, May 26, 1861.

TO THE UNION MEN OF WESTERN VIRGINIA.

VIRGINIANS: * * * I have ordered troops to cross the river. They come as your friends and brothers-as enemies only to the armed rebels who ae preying upon you. Your homes, your families and your property are safe under our protection. All your rights shall be religiously respected.

Notwithstanding all that has been said by the traitors to induce you to believe that our advent you will be signalized by intereference with your slaves understand one thing clearly-not only will we abstain from all such interference but we will on the contrary with an iron hand crush any attempt at insurrection on their part.

* * * *

GEO. B. MCCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, May 26, 1861.

Colonel B. F. KELLEY,

First Regiment Virginia Volunteers, Wheeling:

* * * *

I count on your prudence and courage. Preserve the strictest discipline. See that the rights and property of the people are respected and repress all attempts at negro insurrection. *

GEO. B. MCCLELLAN,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding Department.

---------------

*For precisely same instructions to Colonels Irvine and Steedman, see Series I, Vol. II, p. 47.

---------------

48 R R-SER II, VOL I

