
claimed. The gentlemen admitted that this would be the proper course and said on leaving that they would return in a few days with the proofs asked for. There was no ill feeling or harsh conduct on either side. I was therefore much astonished the next day on finding the same gentlemen in Camp Upton not with the proofs asked for but a letter evidently based upon their statements in which a grave charge was preferred against the men and officers of our Ohio regiments. This of course created some little exitement but none looking to a concealment of the slave if any such was in camp. On the contrary Colonel McCook who was then in command during your temporary absence gave those men every facility they could desire. Under his order they searched the camp and returned after a time saying that they couldnot find the negro. This is all that I know of, sir, in connection with this case and you will perceive from the facts that the charge preferred that your officers or men in any way harbored a slave or ill-treated his master is unfounded.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

DONN PIATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

ROCKVILLE, MONTGOMERY COUNTY, MD.,

June 27, 1861.

Lieutenant-Colonel SCOTT.

DEAR SIR: I learned through a reliable source that my servant named George was in the Ohio regiments, number One and Two, camped in Virginia. My son made application to the Honorable Simon Cameron, Secretary of War, for authority to examine into the fact and for his obtension which was politely complied with by that functionary, which authority was received and seemingly accredited by the officers commanding said department which resulted in my son seeing my servant, but by the interefence of the soldiery which seemed to be without control they were not permitted to reclaim said negro. I therefore have thought it advisable to submit the matter to you as commander-in-chief of the army to suggest and adopt such course in the premises as may enable me to reclaim my property.

Respectfully,

CAROLINE F. NOLAND.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,June 25, 1861.

General MCDOWELL,

Commanding, &amp;c., Arlington, Va.

GENERAL: Sergeant Noland who will hand you this is a messenger in the War Department. Please aid him in recovering the negro belonging to his mother (or brother who goes with him). The negro is with some of the Ohio troops and from Mr. Noland's account they have been practicing a little of the abotion system in protecting the runaway.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

