
now in doubt if she ever owned a negro. I inclose a letter from Lieutenant-Colonel Parrott* on same case. I know nothing of Mrs. Howard's negro.

I am, captain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. MCD. MCCOOK,

Colonel First Regiment Ohio Volunteers.

Resolution adopted by the House of Representatives, special session, July 9, 1861. +

Resolved, That in the judgment of this House it is no part of the duty of the soldiers of the United States to capture and return fugitives.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, FIFTH DIVISION,Alexandria, Va., July 14, 1861.

To Colonel MILES,

Commanding 5th Div. Troops, Dept. of Northeast Virginia.

SIR: In pursuance of your verbal order of yesterday I made a reconnaissance on the Fairfax road seven miles out and on the Richmond road about ten miles and on the Mount Vernon road as far as Mount Vernon. * * * The negroes harnessed up one four-mule team to a wagon and one two-mule team to a wagon and got in to the number of ten of their own accord and drove to my camp. * * * As to the negroes there being no law or orders directing me either to cause them to remain at home or to prevent them from voluntering to do team duty in my brigade I shall allow them to remain until otherwise directed. I, however, have placed a guard over the provisions, the mules and the wagons on the estate and shall await your orders for their disposition.

THOS. A. DAVIES,

Colonel, Commanding 2nd Brigadier, 5th Div., Troops N. E. Army Virginia.

---------------

*Not found.

+Introduced by Mr. Lovejoy, of Illinois, and passed by the following vote:

Yeas. -Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt, goldsmith F. Bailey, Baker, Baxter, Beaman, Bingham, Francis P. Blair, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Buffinton, Campbell, Chamberlain, Ambrose W. Clark, Colfax, Frederick A. Conkling, Roscoe Conkling, Conway, Covode, Cutler, Davis, Dawes, Delano, Diven, Duell, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Fessenden, Franchat, Frank, Good, Granger, Gurley, Hale, Hickman, Hutchins, Julian, Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, Killinger, Lansing, Loomis, Lovejoy, McKean, McpHerson, Mitchell, Moorhead, Anson P. Morrill, Justin S. Morrill, Olin, Patton, Pike, Pomeroy, Porter, Potter, Alexander H. Rice, John H. Rice, Riddle, Edward H. Rollins, Sedgwick, Shanks, Shellabarger, Sherman, Sloan, Spualding, Stevens, Stratton, Benjamin F. Thomas, Thayer, Train, Trimble, Trowbridge, Vandever, Van Horn, Van Valkenburgh, Van Wyck, Verree, Wall, Wallace, Charles W. Walton, E. P. Walton, Washburne, Wheeler, Albert S. White, Windom, and Worcester-93.

Nays. -Messrs. Allen, Ancona, Joseph Baily, Burnett, Calvert, Carlile, Cobb, Cooper, Cox, Cravens, Crisfield, Crittenden, Dunlpa, English, Fisher, Fouke, Grider, Haight, Harding, Holman, Horton, Jackson, Johnson, William Kellogg, Law, Lazear, Logan, McClernand, Mallory, Menzies, Morris, Nixon, Noble, Noell, Nugen, Odell George H. Pendleton, Richardson, Robinson, Sheffield, Smith, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Francis Thomas, Upton, Vallandigham, Wadworth, Ward, Webster, Whaley, Chilton A. White, Wickliffe, Wood, Woodruff, and Wright-55.

---------------

