
You may therefore well judge of the alarm and condemnation with which the Union-loving citizens of Kentucky-the State with whose popular sentiment I am best acquainted-have read this proclamation.

The hoe is earnestly indulged by them as it is by myself that this paper was issued under the pressure of military necessity which General Fremont believed justified the stop but that in the particulars specified it has not your apporbation and will not be enforced in derogation of law. The magnitude of the interest at stake and my extreme desire that by no misapprehension of your sentiments or purposes shall the power and fervor of the loyalty of Kentucky be at this moment abated or chilled must be my apology for the frankness with which I have addressed you and for the request I venture to make of an expression of your views upon the points of General Fremont's proclamation on which I have commented.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. HOLT.

EXECUTIVE MANSION, September 12, 1861.

Honorable JOSEPH HOLT.

DEAR SIR: Your of this day in relation to the late proclamation of General Fremont is received. Yesterday I addressed a letter to him by mail on the same subject and which is to be made public when he receives it. I herewith send you a copy of that letter* which perhaps shows my position as distinctly as any new one I could write. I will thank you not to make it public until General Fremont shall have had time to receive the original.

Your obedient servant,

A. LINCOLN.

PROCLAMATION.
HDQRS. WESTERN DEPARTMENT OF THE U. S. ARMY,Saint Louis, September 12, 1861.

The major-general commanding the Western Department having satisfactory evidence that Thomas L. Snead, of the city and county of Saint Louis and State of Missouri, has been taking active part with the enemies of the United States in the present insurrectionary movement against its Government, and the military commission now in session at the arsenal in this city having reported the fact to these headquarters as the result of its deliberations, the major-general commanding has executed and ordered to be published the following deeds of manumission:

DEED OF MANUMISSION.

Whereas, Thomas L. Snead, of the city and county of Saint Louis, State of Missouri, has been taking part with the enemies of the United States in the present insurrectionary movement against the Government of the United States: Now, therefore, I, John Charles Fremont, major-general commanding the Western Department of the Army of the

---------------

*See Lincoln to Fremont, September 11, 1861, ante.

---------------

49 R R- SER II, VOL I

