
United States, by authority of law and the power vested in me as such commanding general declare Frank Lewis heretofore held to service or labor by said Thomas L. Snead to be free and forever discharged from the bonds of servitude, giving him full right and authority to have, use and control his own labor or service as to him may seem proper without any accountability whatever to said Thomas L. Snead or any-one to claim by, through or under him.

And this deed of manumission shall be respected and treated by all persons and in all courts of justice as the full and complete evidence of the freedom of said Frank Lewis.

In testimony whereof this act is done at the headquarters of the Western Department of the Army of the United States in the city of Saint Louis, State of Missouri, on this 12th day of September, A. D. 1861, as is evidenced by the department seal hereto affixed by my order.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.

DEED OF MANUMISSION.

Whereas, Thomas L. Snead, of the city and county of Saint Louis, State of Missouri, has been taking an active part with the enemies of the United States in the present insurrectionary movement against the Government of the United States: Now, therefore, I, John Charles Fremont, major-general commanding the Western Department of the Army of the United States, by authority of law and the power vested in me as such commanding general declare Hiram Reed heretofore held to service or labor by Thomas L. Snead to be free and forever discharged from the bonds of servitude, giving him full right and authority to have, use and control his own labor or service as to him may seem proper without any accountability whatever to said Thomas L. Snead or to any one to claim by, through or under him.

And this deed of manumission shall be respected and treated by all persons and in all courts of justice as the full and complete evidence of the freedom of said Hiram Reed.

In testimony whereof this act is done at the headquarters of the Western Department of the Army of the United States in the city of Saint Louis, State of Missouri, on this 12th day of September, A. D. 1861, as is evidence by the departmental seal hereto affixed by my order.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.

Done at the office of the provost-marshal in the city of Saint Louis this 12th day of September, A. D. 1861, at 9 o'clock in the evening of said day.

Witness my hand and seal of this office hereto affixed.

J. MCKINSTRY,

Brigadier-General, Provost-Marshal.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, September 18, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON, Secretary of War.

SIR: * * * I would be much gratified if you would tell me what I am to do with the negro slaves that are almost daily arriving at this post from the interior. Am I to find food and shelter for the women

