
and children who can do nothing for themselves? Thus far we have been able to employ in various ways most of the adults. It appears to me some positive instructions should be given in regard to what shall be done for the number that will be accumulated in and about this post during the approaching winter. I hope you will give me instructions on this very important subject. Humanity requires that they should be taken care of.

* * * *

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 20, 1861.

Major General JOHN E. WOOL, Commanding, Fort Monroe, Va.

GENERAL: * * * You will as early as practicable send to General McClellan at this place all negro capable of performing labor accompanies by their families. They can be usefully employed on the military works in this vicinity.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL,

Saint Louis, Mo., September 20, 1861.

Captain G. GRANGER, Commanding Arsenal.

CAPTAIN: By my order Colonel McNeil, commanding provost guard, will deliver into your custody certain runaway negro slaves who have been heretofore apprehended and committed to the military prison. I desire they be employed at police duty and such other labor as you may choose until they are reclaimed by their masters, who upon proof of their ownership and that they are loyal to the United States will be entitled to receive them back into their service.

I am, captain, very respectfully, yours,

J. MCKINSTRY,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Provost-Marshal.
HEADQUARTERS KANSAS BRIGADE,Kansas City, October 3, 1861.

General S. D. STURGIS.

GENERAL: In answer to your note of this day* I have this to say that I don't care a fig about rank; I have enough of the glittering tinsel to satisfy me. I am here in obedience to an order from Major General John C. Femont to co-operate with you in ferreting out and fighting the enemy. Kindly and promptly to I desire to obey that order. My brigade is not here for the purpose of interfering in anywise with the institution of slavery. They shall not become negro thieves norshall they be prostituted into negro-catchers. The institution of slavery must take care of itself.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

