
them without your knowledge and the owner call for him while he is actually in your possession or under your control he should be surrendered on such call or demand. We may decline to receive them and this is what I wished; but if we do receive them we cannot decline to surrender.

I am, very respectfully,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA, Numbers 72. Fort Monroe, October 14, 1861.

All colored persons called contrabands employed as servants by officers and others residing within Fort Monroe or outside of the fort at Camp Hamilton and Camp Butler will be furnished with their subsistence and at least $8 per month for males and $4 per month for females by the officers and others employing them.

So much of the above-named sums as may be necessary to furnish clothing to be decided by the chief quartermaster of the department will be applied to that purpose, and the remainder will be paid into his hands to create a fund for the support of those contrabands who are unable tow ork for their own support.

All able-bodied colored persons who are under the protection of the troops of this department and who are not employed as servants will be immediately put to work in either the engineer's or quartermaster's department.

By command of Major-General Wool:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

LOUISVILLE, KY., October 15, 1861.

Colonel TURCHIN.

DEAR SIR: Two gentlemen unknown to me but introduced by Mr. Guthrie say some negro slaves have taken refuge in your camp and are there sheltered.

The laws of the United States and of Kentucky all of which are binding on us compel us to surrender a runaway negro on application of negro's owner or agent. I believe you have not been instrumental in this but my orders are that all negroes shall be delivered up on claim of the owner or agent. Beter keep the negroes out of your camp altogether unless you brought them along with the regiment.

Yours, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA, Numbers 34. Fort Monroe, November 1, 1861.

The following pay and allowances will constitute the valuation of the labor of the contrabands at work in the engineer, ordnance, quartermaster, commissary and medical departments at this post to be paid as hereinafter mentioned:

Class 1. Negro men over eighteen years of age and able-bodied $10 per month, one ration and the necessary amount of clothing.

