
Class 2. Negro boys from twelve to eighteen years of age and sickly and infirm negro men $5 per month, one ration and the necessary amount of clothing.

The quartermaster will furnish all the clothing. The department employign these men will furnish the subsistence specified above, and as an incentive to good behavior (to be withheld at the discretion of the chiefs of the departments respectively) each individual of the first $1 per month for their own use. The remainder of the money valuation of their labor will be turned over to the quartermaster who will deduct from it the cost of the clothing issued to them; the balance will constitute a fund to be expended by the quartermaster under the direction of the commanding officer of the department of Virginia for the support of the women and children and those that are unable to work.

For any unusual amount of albor perfomred they may receive extra pay varying in amount from 50 cents to $1, this to be paid by the department employing them to the men themselves and to be for their own use.

Should any man be prevetned from working on account of sickness for six consecutive days or ten days in any one month one-half of the money value will be paid. For being prevented from laboring for a longer period than ten days in any one month all pay and allowance cease.

By command of Major-General Wool:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA,Baltimore, Md., November 4, 1861.

Colonel H. E PAINE,

Commanding Fourth Wisconsin Volunteers.

COLONEL: * * * In your intercourse with the inhabitants you will do all in your power to correct misapprehension in regard to the intentions of the Government in the war which has been forced on it. Multitudes are laboring under delusions-the furit of misrepresentations and falsehood-which you may do much to dispel. Our mission is to uphold the Government against treasonable attempts to subvert it. We wage no war with individuals who are pursuing their peaceable occupations but with those who are in arms against the United States and those who encourage or aid them in their treason. * * * You will take especial care not to interfere in any manner with persons held to servitude, and in order that there may be no cause for misrepresentation or cavil you will not receive or allow any negro to come within your lines.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS POST,Rolla, Mo., November 4, 1861.

Colonel GREUSEL, Commanding Southern Expedition.

COLONEL: If the men who are away from home are in the rebel army or if their families cannot give a good account of themselves or

