
out of your sight, and they cite existing facts her and the recent conduct of Lane and Jennison in evidence of such a belief. To put a corrction to this flagrant abuse will I believe require nothing less than the presence of a resolute regular U. S. officer with competent skill, will and authority (and it might be force) to right matters. No such officer is here now it is evident or your instructions would be rigidly enforced.

* * * *

For the facts which I have communicated I refer you to Judge Geroge W. Miller (of circuit court), Judge Lionberger (of country court), Judge Smith (of probate court), and Doctor Trigg, banker, all Union men avowed of position and property. If you dispatch an officer to investigate matters here it will be of great service to the Union cause, if he diligently and with determination does his duty.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ISAAC P. JONES.

ROLLA, December 2,1 861.

Colonel G. M. DODGE, Commander of Post at Rolla.

COLONEL: In obedience to your General Orders, Numbers 6, I have the honor to report that there are now in my camp and under my control four fugitive slaves belonging to citizens of Southwest Missouri, described as follows:

Name of slave. 	 Name of owner. 	 Residence.

Mises (boy). 	 George W. Andrews. 	 Taney County.

Kelly (man). 	 James Vaughn. 	 Christian County.

Jim (man). 	 Samuel Green. 	 Webster County.

Viney (woman). 	 John Wood. 	 Greene County.

In pursuance of your verbal instructions subsequently given I hold them subject to your order. These slaves came with the army from Southwest Missouri. One of the owners (Mr. Green) I believe to be a Union man but in this opinion I may be mistaken. These slaves have been obtained by citizens and brought to my camp for safe-keeping in order to be rstored to their owners, and these citizens have acted under my instruction. I am personally acquainted with all of the owners of these slaves. A portion of my own slves are in my camp. They came when the people fled from Springfield and vicinity with a wagon and team, clothing and supplies for their support. They feared they might be stolen by persons in the army and they fled to me for protection. They will remain with me till I can provide for their comfort and safety.

Yours, respectfully,

JOHN S. PHELPS,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

Extract from President Lincoln's annual message December 3, 1861.

FELLOW-CITIZENS OF THE SENATE AND HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES:

* * * *

Undeer and by virtue of the act of Congress entitled "An act to confiscate property used for insurrectionary purposes," approved August

