
cer of volunteers of equal rank will be given for him. * * * I will offer for Mr. Dulaney A. Forrest, late U. S. Navy, and Mr. H. B. Claiborne, late midshipman, U. S. Navy, Major D. H. Viton. U. S. Army.

I think it due to Major Vinton to state that I am informed upon what seems to be good authority that while under his parole given in Texas he has been and is now in the service of the United States at West Point, thus releasing other officers for active duty. I shall be glad to know that this is a mistake. * * * Lieutenant William G. Jones, U. S. Infantry, has been ordered here from Texas, and on his arrival will be offered for Lieutenant Sayre, C. S. Marines, now on parole.

By command of Major-General Huger:

BENJ. HUGER, JR.,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

DAYTON, OHIO, February 7, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

DEAR SIR: I was compelled by the necessities of my private affairs to leave Washington without the conference with yourself and General McClellan on Texas affairs which you both desired. As I wrote my information and views quite at length in the two papers I mentioned, and do not suppose that any more additions or retractions would materially change that testimony, I do not suppose this omission to make any great loss to the public service. But I had another item of brief business which it was may purpose in our expected interview to have laid before you. It was the case of the U. S. prisoners captured at Allen's Hill, near San Antonio, Tex. I know their fact to be a hard and undeserved one, and I so much think that any further neglect of them would be a cruelty and injustice wholly inexcusable, that I have ventured to write the following letter to the Adjutant-General. Of course not the slightest implication of censure upon his department is intended or can be drawn from this letter. I inclose a copy for your perusal only because the time in copying it there is so much less valuable than yours in sending for the original.

I tried to get to see Governor Fish to explain their cause to him, but failed in my efforts. General Halleck writes me that he has asked permissions to take such exchanges.

I am, very sincerely, your friend,

CHARLES ANDERSON.

[Inclosure.]

DAYTON, OHIO, February 7, 1862.

General LORENZO THOMAS, U. S. Army,

Adjutant-General, &amp;c.,

DEAR SIR: A day or two before I left Washington I heard several remarks in military circles indicative of an opinion that the refusal of the officers prisoners (who were captured at Allen's Hill, and are now at San Antonio) to accept their paroles was neither meritorious in them nor or utility to others. I do not allow myself to base any important action on merely vague rumors or opinions. But as I feel the deepest solicitude for these gentlemen on every ground, I am not wiling to withhold from the proper authorities my positive knowledge to the contrary of those remarks.

