
which the punishment shall come. Any departure from this rule strikes immediately at the root of all discipline and subordination. The volunteer regiments from the different States of the Union when accepted and mustered into the service of the United States became a portion of the Federal Army and are as entirely removed from the authority of the governors of the several States as are the troops of the regular regiments. As discipline in the service cna only be maintained by the strictest observance of military subordination nothing could be more dtrimental than that any intereference should be allowed outside the constituted authorities.

Trusting that these considerations will commend themselves to your excellency's judgment,

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[GEORGE B. MCCLELLAN,]

Major-General, Commanding U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Louisville, Ky., December 22, 1861.

General THOMAS,

Commanding First Division, Lebanon.

SIR: Acting Brigadier-General Carter reports that by your orders it is forbidden to receive fugitives slaves into camp and that occasionally slaves belonging to rebels in East Tennessee make their escpae from their owners and apply to him for protection and are employed by officers as servants.

The general directs that exceptions be made in regard to fugitives in such cases.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff.

Resolution adopted by the House of Representatives December 23, 1861.

Resolved, Taht the Committee on ilitary Affairs be instructed to report to this House a bill for the enactment of an additional article of war for the government of the Army whereby the officers in the military service of the United States shall be prohibited from suing any portion of the forces under their respective commands for the purpose of returning fugitives from service or labor, and providing for the punishment of such officers as may violate said article by dismissal from the service.

COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Boston, December 24, 1861.

Major General GEORGE B. MCCELLAN,

Commanding U. S. Army.

GENERAL: Your letter dated the 20th instant has at this moment reached me and I deeply regret that a more careful reading of my assistant secretary's note to Lieutenant-Colonel Plafrey should not have prevented the misapprehension of fact and a moment's consideration of the public duty imposed upon me and in reference to which I am bound to act have prevented also the mistake of opinion under which I find your communication written. I beg leave to remind you that

