
in any way that may tend to excite disobedience or disaffection. The volunteer troops from the States must obey according to the rules and discipline of war the officers appointed over them byt he United States. The regimental commanders must not accept nor convey to the officers or soldiers under them any denunciation or any advice, opinion or suggestion from the State authorities in censure of the orders and duty imposed by the United States; and any commander or other person subject to discipline so offending will be liable to answer to a court-martial under the mutiny articles of war for inciting mutiny and sedition.

I trust that your excellency will see that our generals in command of brigades and divisions must find their authority impaired and subverted if governors may instruct the colonels on points of duty. The question is of such magnitude in its consequences that a prompt and energetic settlement of it is indispensable. I entreat your excellency to confide to the United States the conduct of this war in all its relations and the government of the troops furnished to it from the State of Massachusetts.

I have the honor to be,

[GEROGE B. MCCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CAIRO,Cairo, December 27, 1861.

Colonel JOHN COOK,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Fort Holt, Ky.:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 25th instant relating to the alleged concelament of fugitive slaves at Fort Holt and am instructed by Brigadier General U. S. Grant, commanding, to say your explanation of the matter is highly satifactory but no more so than from all his previous official intercourse with you he had reason to expect.

[JOHN A. RAWLINS,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Otterville, December 30, 1861.

Colonel RAITH, Forty-third Illinois Volunteers.

COLONEL: You will at once turn out of your camp and see sent beyond your lines all negroes not properly there.

By order of General Pope:

---- ----,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS,Cape Girardeau, Mo., December 31, 1861.

Brigadier-General GRANT, Cairo, Ill.:

I desire to present for your consideration the following question: Doctor Henderson, a slaveholder and secessionist who has contributed greatly to aggravate the present condition of affairs, has a black boy in

