
which will be a matter of time. Ihave threfore the honor to recommend that suitable instructors be sent them to teach them all the necessary rudiments of civilization, and secondly, in the meantime that agents properly qualified be employed and sent here to take cahrge of the plantatins and superintend the work of the blacks until they are sufficiently enlightened to think and provide for themselves. They should recieve wates and the fprofits of the plantations after all expenses are paid should go to the Govenrment. I can see no other way to lay a groundwork for future usefulness with this unfortunate class of people.

I would also suggest that a quantitu of negro clothing be sent out here as soon as practicable, and this should include stuff for women's nand children's wear.

Very resepctfully, your obedienet servant,

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HEADUQARTERS DIESTRICT OF CAIRO,

Cairo, January 19, 1862.

General E. A. PAINE,

Commandign Second Brigade, For Jefferson, Ky.:

You will proceed to Bird's Point as soon as practicablr with a prtion of your command- as much as can be taken- with their baggage witht he trasportation supplied. On your arrival all citizen prisoners against whom you have no charge iwll be released and all negroes who have flocked into camp will be permitted to return to their masters. I learn from Colonel Perczel that there are many of this calss now in camp who have flocked there through fear. Some discretion will have to be used in forcing these people out of camp now that they are in. I would require all, however, who have masters in campto take their negroes withthem.

U. S . GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSURI,Otterville, January 28, 1862.

The bearer, James H. Ware, of Pettis County, Mo., has authority fromthese headuqars to proceed to Saint Louis, Mo., with seven negroes, his property. All officers and soldirs belinging to the armies of the united States are hereby prohibited from molisting or interfering with him in any [way] whatsoever. Mr. Ware will report to General Halleck in Saint Louis and hand to him this authority and safeguard.

[JOHN POPE,]

Brigadier- General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA, &amp;C., Numbers 5. Fort Monroe, January 30, 1862.

I. Colonel T. J. Cram, insepctor- general, and Major Le Grand B. Cnanon, aide- de- camp, are hereby appointed and contituted a commission

