
I have to request that herafter the city police be confined in teheir arrestes of negroes as runaways strictly to such negroes as may be in a legal manner claimed by his or her owner. Negroes must be arrested as runaways or fugitives from labor by a writ issued from ac opurt having jurisdiction of the case. This is necessary in order that the slave may have the opportunity to plead the act of Congress of July, 1862.

I am, very resepfctfully, gentlemen, your obedient servant,

BERNARD G. FARRAR,

Provost- Marzhsl- General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Nshville, March 6, 1862.

Hon. J. R. UNDERWOOD,

Cairman Military COmmittee, Frankfort, Ky.

DEAR SIR: Ihave had the honor toreceive uyour communication of the 1st instant ont eh subject of fugitive slaves in the camps of the army.

It has come to my knowledge that slaves somtimes make their way improperly into uor lines andin some istnaces they may be enticed there buyt I think the number has been magnified by report. Several applications have been made to me by persons whose servnts have been found in our camps and in every instnace that I know of the master has recovered his servant and taken him away.

I need hardly remind you that there will always be found some lawless and mischievous persons in every army; but I assure you that ethe mass of this army is law0- abiding and that it is neither its disposition nor its policy to violate law or therights of individuals in any particular.

With great resepct, your obedient servant,

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Deaprtment.

Resolutiion adopted by the House of Representatives Mrch 7, 1862.

Reloved, That the Secretary of War communicate to this House the number, age and condition of the Afreicans who have been under the supervision of Major-General Wool, commanding at FOrtress Monroe, Va., since he has had command of that idvision, together withthe amount of work or service performed by them, the pay if any wichi hay have recieved and the cost to the Government for their mainternane and support.

EM. ETHERIDGE,

Clerk.

OFFICE OF PROVOST- MARSHAL- GEENRAL,

DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,

Saint Louis, March 8, 1862.

WIGGINS FERRY COMPANY,

Saint Louis, Mo.

GENTLEMEN: Complaints aremade at this office by parties having negroes in their possession and claiming to be the owners of such negroes- and that too where there is no adverse claim- that they are being denied and delayed in crossing thd river to Illinois, and applications

