
slightest, cause of censure to any of the officers or men for that surrender. I wanted them to flight. And some of the subaltern officers were hot for fight. Nevertheless, fighting would have been mere blind rage and frenzied patriotism; nothing more. I knew so then and know it now.

The simple truth is that whoever may throw obstacles in the way of the recovery of these officers and men for useful service to a flag to which they have shown so much devotion does great injustice to the service and perpetrates cruel ingratitude and neglect to as brave and loyal a body of troops as are now or have been in the field.

Excuse me if I obtrude unsolicited or undesired information upon your officer, but as I chanced to hear (from one who made them) that efforts had been made to underrate the services and sufferings of my colleagues in exile I will not allow mere delicacies of sentiment or custom to prevent my speaking out my mind and heart fully. This I do without the least knowledge of your action in the premises, and, of course, without the least purpose of complaint or censure.

I am, very sincerely, yours, &amp;c.,

CHARLES ANDERSON.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, Va., February 13, 1862.

Major General B. HUGER, Commanding at Norfolk.

SIR: Colonel John Pergam, who was released on his parole on condition of returning to Fort Monroe by the 15th of February, if he did not procure the release of Colonel Willcox* or Lieutenant-Colonel Bromford, informs me that Lieutenant-Colonel Bromford has been sent for and will be released in exchange for Colonel Pergam, when he arrives. You will please send Colonel Pergam authority to remain at Richmond until Colonel Bromford arrives.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

SANDUSKY, OHIO, March 13, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: I desire very respectfully to ask the attention of the Secretary of War to the following matter which is of deep personal interest to me. From the time of my return from Texas in April last in the unfortunate position of an officer on parole I did not cease to importune the Department for such service as my parole would permit me to perform till at length I obtained it, all the time entertaining the hope that some fortunate chance might bring about my exchange. In October I asked that I might be permitted to go Fort Columbus and say to Colonel Bradford, a prisoner of war, that if he would obtain my release from parole he should be set at liberty, but my request was not granted.

Early in January I was surprised and much gratified to learn that by order of the general-in-chief Colonel Bradford had been released from Fort Warren with the understanding that he was to go Nor-

---------------

* Willcox was held as a hostage for the Confederate privateersmen.

---------------

6 R R-SER II, VOL I

