HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, EXPEDITIONARY CORPS,Fernandina, Fla., March 13, 1862.

Captain LOUIS H. PELOUZE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAPTAIN: I have to report in regard to the slaves found her and those who have isnce cme in that I have not attempted to interferee with the rights of thowner so long as he remained within our lines and conducted himself in a quiet and orderly mnner by that I have refused permission to remove any slave fromt e limits of the command on any plea whatever.

I have conceived that the property of citizens in slaves should be perotected to the extent referred to and shall contineus the same policy in retgard to them unless I receive instruction to the contrary.

Very respectfully, your obedient srvant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

Approved.

By order of Brigadier-General Sherman:

L. H. PELOUZE,

Acting Assistatn Adjutant-General.

MARCH 15, 1862.

Resolution adopted by the House of Representatives March 17, 1862.

Resolved, That the COmmittee for the District of COlumbia be instructed to inquire into the facts and ascertain and report to this House by what authority of law Mrs. Biscoe, l9ving on DUmBarton street in Georgetwon, seizecd or cused to be seized two men, namely, Lewis Ayers and Washington WEatts; and also by what authority of law or legal process these men have been sent to Blatimore and immured in juail, and whether the arrest and imprisonment is not a direct violation of that provision of the COnstitution (the fifth article of amendments) whch says that no perosn shall be deprived of his lefe or liberty with- out due process of law.

OFFICE OF PROVOST- MARSHAL0- GEENRAL,

DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOUEI,

Saint Louis, March 18, 1862.

JOHN W. HARDING, Esq., Tipton, Mo.

SIR: Yours of the 16th instant is at hand. It is neither the duty nor the privilege of the miltiary authorities to interfere in the settlement of any question as to the right of property between citizens nor between a man and his negro. The question of title to the negro child is one for the civil courts. You have all yur remedies at law. The troops are fobidden to interfere in the mattter in any way whatever and if any of them do so they will be punished for disobedience of orders. The courts are open to you and Mr. Hoehn to settle your dispute as to the title of the negro. Having it in possession you cannot be deprived of that possession except by due process of law.

By order of Lirut. Colonel B. G. Farrar, provost- marshal- geenral:

Very respectully, your obedient servant,

THO. C. FLETCHER,

Assistant.

