HEADQUARTERS DEAPRTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, March 21, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of Wae, Washington:

I have the honor to report the following movements in my department sicnce my hurried report of the 16th instant.

I appointed General Foster military governor of the city and its vicinity and he has established a most perfect system of guard and police. Nine- tenths of the depredations on the 14th ofater the enemy and citizens fled fromthe town were committed by the negroes before our troops reached the city. They seemed to be wild with excitement and delight. They are now a source of very great anxiety to us. The city is being overrun with fugitives from the surrounding towns and plantations. Two have reported themselves who have bee nin the swamps for five yeards. It would be utterly impossible if we were so disposed to keep them outside of our lines, as they find their way to us through woods and swamps from every side. By my next dispatch I hope to report to you a definite policy in reference to this matter, and in the meantime shall be glad to receive any instructions upon the subject which you may be disposed to give.

I have the honor to be, sir, your very obedient servant,

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Brigad9ier0- General, Commanding Deaprtment of North Carrolina.

HEADUQARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,

Fort Monroe, Va., March 22, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STATNTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: I have ht honor torransmit herewity in conformity to a call by a resolution of the House of Representatives a report of the number, age and condition of the Africans in this department. The information which it contains is I believe in all respects correct, and was obtained by three commissionefrs, Colonel T. J. Cram, Colonel Le. Grand B. Cannon and Mja. William P. Jones, aide- de0-- camp on my staff, after a very rigid examination and investigation under General Orders, No. 5,+ dated 30th of January, 1862.

I have the honor to be, veryr espectfully,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

HEADUQARERS DEAPRTMENT OF THEMISSISSIPPI,

Saint Louis, March 23, 1862.

General SAMUEL R. CURTS:

It is reprted that the enemy ahs about 100 negroes engaged in the saltpeter works in Marion County, a little east of Worth. Theyare guareded by only one company. A dertachment of cavalry from Springfield could destroy these works and free the negroes as being emplyed in enemy's service.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

Omitted.

+See Wool's orders, Numbers 5, January 30, p. 803.

