
HEADUQARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,

New Berne, March 27, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of Waar, Washington:

The negroes contineue to come inand I am employing them tothe best possible advantage, a pricipal part of them on some earth fortifications in the rezar of the city which will enable us to hold it with a small force when it becomes necessary to move with the main body.

I have the honor to bve, sir, very resepctfully, your obedient servant,

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Brigadier- General, Commanding Department of Norht Carolina.
HDQRS. SECOND REGIMENT, EXCELSIOR BRIGADE,Camp Hall, Marhc 27, 1862.

Lieutenant J. L. PALMER, Jr.,

Aide- de- Camp and Acting Assistatn Adjutant-General.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with verbal directions from Brigadier G en. D. E. Sicles to report as to the occurrence at this camp ont eh afternoon of the 26th instant I beg leave to submit the following:

At about 3. 30 p. . March 26, 1`862, admission within our lines was demanded by a party of horsemen (civilians) numbering perhaps fifteen. They presented the lieutenant commading the guard with an order of entrance from Brigadier General Joseph Hooker, commanding division (copy appenced), the order stating that nine men should be admitted. I ordered that the balance of the party should remain without the lines which was done. Upon the appearance of the others there was visible dissatisfaction and considerable murmuring among the soldiers to so great an extent that I almost feared for the safety of the slave owners. At this time General Sickles opportunely arrived and instructed me to order them outside the camp which I did amidst the loud cheers of our soldiers. It is proper to add that before entering our lines and within about 75 or 100 yards of our camp one of their number is charged two pistol shots at a negro who was running past them with an evident intention of taking his life. This justly enraged our men.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

Your obedient servant,

JHOHN TOLER,

Major, Commanding Second Regiment, Excelsior Brigade.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS HOOKER'S DIVISON,Camp Baker, Lower Potomac, March 26, 1862.

TO BRIGADE AND REGIMENTAL COMMENDERS OF THIS DIVISION:

Messrs. Nally, Gray, Dummington, Dent, Adams, Speake, Price, POosey and Cobey, citizens of Maryland, have negroes spposed to be with some of the regiments of this divsiion. The brigadier- general commanding directs that they be permitted to visit all the camps of his commanding xserarch of their property andif cound that they be allowed to take possession of the same without any interference whatever.

