
which might grow out of theasswociation of anumber of desititute and ignorant persons whose nubmers and necessities might lead them to serious crimes.

I am, very respectuflly, your obedient servfant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Liut. Colonel EIght Infantry, COmmmiassary- General of Prisoners.

OFFICE OF PROVOST- MARSHAL- GENERAL,

DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,

Saint Louis, April 21, 1862.

Colonel J. C. KELTON, Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLONEL: I have the honor to return the communication of John M. Krum to Brigaider-General Schofield dated April 11, 1862, referred to me from department headquarters April 19, 1862, and beg to say that the subject- matter of said communicatin has received my careful attention and was by me brought to the notice of Major-General Halleck and my action on the subject was taken with his knowledge and in the execrise of a discretionary power to whichhe submitted the whole subject.

Whelan is a citizen of Mississippi; came here in August last; puirchased some negroes and obtained possession of others in a manner not accounted for; attempted to take them South in violation of ht procalmation of the President concerning intercourse and the orders of thee commading general of the deaprtment. In a former communication to General Schofield ont hesame subject he admits the fact he was caught in the act and resorted to every conceivable dodge to sercreen himself- claimed to be as British subject; has since filed an oath of allegiance; and before he claimed to be a British subject he claimed to be a loyal citizen. The negroes he has acquired in a mnner at once showing an intention to hazard themin gettin through the blocakade. They were in no instance purchased at prices andunder circumstances showing fair dealing. The whole case is one certainly calling forhte interference ofhte military authorities and by the proclamaiton and orders the negroes are confiscate and I shall so treat them.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BERNARD G. FARRAR,

Provost- Marshal- General.

U. S. STEMAER STATE OF GEORGIA,

May 1, 1862.

Generqal AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE,

Commanding Dpeartmen of Norht Carolina, New Berne.

GENERAL: The citizens of Beaufort are after me ont eh negro queston. They want me to prevent the slaves coming within our lines. I tell them I can use no force to aid them in recovering their negroes; at the same time if they can prevail on the negroes to go home I am perfectly willing andsatisfied. I can furnish them n aid or assistance, and at the same time will not permit any disturbance in camp.

Yours, faithfully,

JNO G. PARKE.

