
On the 6th day of March last by a special message I recommended to Congress the adoption of a joint resolution to be substantially as follows:

Resolved, Thata the United States ought to co- operate with any State whioch may aadopt a gradual abolishment of slavery, giving to such State pecuniary aid to be used bhy such State in its discretion to compenasate for the inconveniences public and private produced by such change of suystem.

The resolution in the language above quoted was sadopted by large majorities in both branches of COngress and now stands an authentic, definite and solemn proposal of the nation to the States and people most imemdiately interested in the subject- matter. To the people of those States I now earnestly appeal; I do not argue, I beseech you to make the argument for yourselves; you cannot if you would be blind to the signs of the time; Ibeg of you a calm and an enlarged consieeration of them, ranging if it may be far abvove persoanl and partisan politics. This proposal makes common cause for a common object casting no reproaches upon any; it acts not the Pharisee. The cahnges it contemplates would come gently as the dews of Heave, not rending or wrecking anything. Will you not embrace it! So much good has not been done by one effort in all past time as in the Providence of God it is now your high privilege to do. May the vast future not have to lament that you have neglected it.

In witness wherof I have herunto set my hand and caused the seal of the United Sttes to be affixed.

Done at the city of Washington this nineteenth day of May, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty- two, and of the Indepaendence of the united Sttes the eighty-= sixth.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

By the Presidnet:

WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State.

HEADUQARTERS DEPARTMETN OF NORHT CAROLINA,

New Berne, May 19, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.

SIR: There is much true loyalty here and all people are hertily sick of the war and are verymcuh exdrcised lest their own State should be made the next battle- ground. They have been taught that the institution of slavery which their leaders have made them believe is a great element of strenght is in fact an element of weakness. Wherever the Union arms have made a lodgment they have lost the entire control of their lsaves, and they are quite convinced that if the slave States formed a recognized government indeparndent of the North we would not make war uponthem with the same leniency that we do now but would use thie element aginst them with very great success.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General, Commanding Department of Norht Carolina.

