
Resolution adopted by the House of Rpresentatives June 9, 1862.

Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to inform this House if General Hunter of their Department of South Carolina has organized a regiment of SOuth Carolina volunteers for the defense of the Union composed of black men (fugitive salves) and appointed the colonel and otehr officers to command them.

Second. Was he authorized by the Deaprtment to organize and muster into the Army of the United States as soldiers the fugitive or captive slaves!

Third. Has he been furnished with clothing, unifoms, &amp;c., for such force!

Fourth. Has he been furnished by order of the Deaprtment of War with arms to be placed in the hands of these slaves!

FIFTH. To report any orders given said Hunter and correspondence between him and the Department.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, June 14, 1862.

Honorable GALUSHA A. GROW,

Speaker of the house of Representatives.

SIR: I have the honor to inform the House-

1. That this Deaprtmetn has no official informatin whether General Hunter, of the Department of the South, ahs or has not organized a regiment of South Carolina Volutneers for the defense of the Union composed of back men- fugitive slaves- and appointed the colonel and other officers to command them. In order to ascdrtain whether he has done so or not a copy of the House resolutioon has been transmitted to General Hunter with instruciton to make immediate report thereon.

2. General Hunter was not authorized by the Department to organize and muster into the rmy of the United States the fugitive or captive slaves.

3. General Hunter upon his requisition as commander of the [Department of the] South ahs been furnished with clothing and arms for the force under his command without instructions as to how they should be used.

4. He has not been furnished by order of the Dpeartment of War with rms to be placed in the hands of "these slaves.

5. In resepct to so much of said relolution as directs the Secretary "to report to the House any orders given sid Hunte, and correspondence between him and the Departmenrt," the President instructs me to answer that the report at this time of the orders given to and correspondence between General Hunter and this Deparment would, in his opinion, be improper and incompatible with the public welfare.

Veryr espectuflly, your boedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

HEADUQARTERS DEAPRTMENT OF THE SOUTH,

Port Royal, S. C., June 23, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of a communiation from the Adjutant-General of the Army, dated June 13, 1862,

Secretary Stanton's letter of July 2, 1862, transmitting this letter to the House of Representatives, is omitted as unimportant.

