
Jan. 2, 1862. - Honorable William G. Brownlow states his case to President Davis, and asks leave to withdraw from the Confederacy.

11, 1862. - Writ of habeas corpus issue in case of Daniel Smith and six other bridge- burners.

March 8, 1862. - By direction of Secretary Benjamin, Honorable William G. Brownlow is escorted to the Union lines.

April 21, 1862. - The families of Messrs. Brownlow, Johnson, Maynard and other Union men ordered to leave the Confederacy.

Unionist Insurrection in East Tennessee, and Burning of the Railway Bridges. The Outbreax Suppressed and Leading Incendiaries Executed.

[For much other correspondenxdce, etc., not included herein, concerning military movements for the suppression of the East Tennessee uprising in November, 1861, aginst the COnfederate authorities, and the execution of the bridge- burners, see Series I, Volume IV, p. 230 et seq., and Volume VII, same series, p. 439 et seq.]

The arrest of Honorable Thomas A. R. Nelson.

RICHMOND, July 6, 1861.

Honorable L. NP. WALKER, Secretary of War, C. S. A.

SIR: I regard the peril of civil war in East Tennessee as imminent. Things are growing worse daily. An express arrived at Knoxville on the 1st day of July from Cumberland Gap bringing intelligence that one Doctor Scriven who left Knoxville some weeks ago arrived at Barboursville, thirty- three miles from Cumberland Gap, in charge of a considerabel lot of arms for the Union men of East Tennessee. Mr. Brownlow in his paper says civil war is inevitable and that the Union men hav 10,000 men under drill and armed with rifles and shot- guins. Mr. Thomas A. R. Nelson made a speech I am informed by a gentleman now here on Monday last at the circuit court in Carter County in which he incited the crowd to resist the action of the State and promised assistance to the Union men of the Licoln Government.

First. A small, inadequate force is as bad or worse than none because while it irritates it invites aggression.

Second. The question as to whether the presence of a force will irritate and incite to rebellion ceases to be a practical question because the irritation grows worse without it and indepaendent of it.

Third. The presence of six regiments properly distributed will quiet the passions of the rebellions and secure the peace in spite of Thomas A. R. Nelson, William G. Brownlow, Connally F. Trigg and William B. Carter who are the leaders of the Union men.

Fourth. I am looking every moment also to hear that the bridges have been burned and the East Tennessee and Virginia Railroad torn up. Nothing can save it but a suffiacient gurd. The Confederate States have no marshal in East, Middle or West Tennessee to assist in keeping the peace. Ought they not to be appointed!

Resepctfully, your obedienet servant,

LANDON C. HAYNES.

