
RICHMOND, VA., August 12, 1861.

His Excellency JEFF. DAVIS,

Presidnet of the Confederate States.

SIR: I have been arrested and as I learned since my arrival in this city uppon the charge of treason, but whether against the State of Tennessee or the COnfederate States I am unadvised. I am conscious of no act either aginst the State or the COnfederacy that will support or sustain such an accusation.

I am sicerely anxious to opreserve the peace and quiet of East Tennessee the section of the State in which I reside as best promoptive of the peace and interest of the entier State.

I ask that I may be discharged fro a vexatious prosecution that I may return home peacefully to follow my private intersts and pursuits assuring your excellency that I will not either directly or indirectly by consel, advice or action encourage, aid or assist the United States Government to invade or attain success in the present struggle with the Confederate States; nor will I counsel or advise otehrrs to thwart or cripple the Confederate States in the pending contest with the United States nor will I do so by my own acts.

In view of the increased majority in the election which has just taqken place in Tennessee I shall feel it my duty as a citizen of that State to submit to her late action, and shall religiously abstain from any furtther words or acts of condemanation whatever or opposition to her government.

The parties arrested with me with the exception of my son who acted by my command were mere guides and conductors through the mountain passes on my way to my place of destiantion, and whatever view may be taken of my own course they are innocent, inno way responsible legally or maorally and have committed no offense against the laws of the Confederacy or the State of Tennessee; and I ask that they also be discahrged from custody by your excellency.

Very resepctfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. A. ICHMOND, VA., Augsut 13, 1861.

THOMAS A. R. NELSON, Esq.

SIR: I have received your letter of the 12th instant in which you ask to be discahrged from arrest and prosecution and make promise that you will "as a citizen of Tennessee submit to her late actiona and religiously abstain from any furtehr words or acts of condemnation whatever or opposition to her government. " The desire of this Govenrment being to amintain the idnependence it has asserted by the united feeling and action of all its citizens it has been its policy not to enter into questions of differences of political opinion hereafter existing.

I am therfore pleased to be spared the necessity of inquiring whether to rest content with your submission as a loyal citizen of your State in her recent action in adhering to this Confederacy and adopting its permanentnt constitution by an increased mjority. I have ordered your discahrge and that of your companions from costody.

I am, &amp;c.,

FEFF'N DAVIS.

