
RICHOND, July 9, 1861.

Governor ISHAM G. HARRIS, Nashville, Tenn.:

The President dricts me to request that you will order two Tennessee regimtns either to Jonsborough or Haynesville in East Tennessee as soon as possible.

L. P. WALKER.

MEESVILLE, BRADLEY COUNTY, TENN.,

July 11, 1861.

President DAVIS.

SIR: The startling state of the public mind in this counttry lying asa it does upon the Georgia boundary impels me to agin impotune your early attention in some effective manner to this section of the South. It is fotunate that we are not now left to conjecture the purposes of the Union men in East Tennessee who are in arms, or the probble number of them in this county. On aSunday, July 7, an alarm was given that a troop of secessionists had entered the county to disarm the Union men. By some means unknown to our friends here in twelve hours near 1,000 Union men were in arms at different rtendezvous and disclosed a most complete organization, secret hitherto in its character and numbers. The alarm proving to proceed from amere jest the party immediately dissolved only to hold themselves in readiness at like short notice to raally agin with their rifles and shotguns and with such ammunion as they have.

I amust assure you that from the Georgia line to Cumberland Gap a like feeling to that here developedthe slightest obstacle could be interposed by the Southern men so overwhelmed are they by numbers to the movement of Linclon's troops should bey enter our territory in the direction of Georgia; neither can we unaided strike a singly blow with any effeect to suppress an oubreak which may any day occur here.

If it be true as we understand that a large majority of the people of Eastern Kentucky are like to our East Tennessee people then may an amry move from the Ohio River to the Georgia line (north) without the slightest impediment from our present defnses.

Can you not take action to avert disaster now so threatining not only to the true men in East Tennessee but so demaoralizing to the great movement of the South! No moral influence of any kind whatever will do it; physical power when exhibited in force sufficient may and I believe will prevent it.

WILLIAM G. SWAN,

Knoxville, Tenn.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, july 18, 1861.

His Excellency ISHAM G. HARRIS, Nashville, Tenn.

SIR: I would resepctfully ask your attention to the accompanying extract from a lletter written by Mr. Yerger, of Corinth, Miss., dated July 9, and communicated to the President by Mr. W. P. Harris, of Jckson, Miss., and susequently referred to this Deaprtment.

Very resepctfully, your obedient servant,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

