
[Inclosure.]

Bein dealyed in my passszage through East Tennessee I found a much more hostile and embittered feeling among that people toward the COnfederate Govenrment tahn I supposed to exist. I found the emissaries of the Linclon Govnerment active and constantly engaged in exzciting hatreda and animosity toward our Govenrment. I believe the people only await the occasion to rise in revolt against the Confederate Gvernment. Numerous instances of active orgzanization came to my knowledge. I do not think there is an adequate onfederate force in that region to maintain us securely. The conviction that more is necessary to protect us fromthe outbreak of the disaffected in East Tennessee tahn is generally supposed induces me to call your attention to these facts. I think at least 2,500 or 3,000 troops should be properly stationed at these points in this district of country to keep our way open. The twelve- months' men of Mississippi now at this point could be much better employed there tahn here, and if it should become necessary to disarm those people of the weapons they have could effectaully and successfully accomplish it if under the command of wsome discreet commander. If this point is kept quiet by the presence of an imposing military force there will be no other part of East Tennessee that will be able yto give any considerable trouble.

NASHVILLE, July 18, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER:

General Anderson left this evening for Haynesville, East Tennessee, where he awaits your orders. He will have with him two regiments of infantry, one ranger companyu, all well armed. One otehr regiment is at Knoxville ordered from Middle Tennessee.

By command:

W. C. WHITTHORNE,

Assistatn Adjutant-General.

ADJUTANT AND INSEPCTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, July 31, 1861.

Brigadier General F. K. ZOLLICOFFER,

Commanding, &amp;c., Bristol, Tenn.

SIR: I am instructed by the President to amke you the following communication:

The great importance of the East Tennessee and Western VIrginia road requires that it should be closely guarded wherever there is reason to apoprehend its destrucion. The movements of the enemy or the sending of arms into East Tennessee should be so closely wathced by an adequate force as to render success impracticable. You will know so well the state of things in East Tennessee that nothing more can be said in that regard tahn to point to you the importance of preventing organization for resistance to the Govenrment and of attaracting by every possible means the people to support the Govenrment, both State and Confederate. It may occur that civil process in case of treason may be resisted in which event you will endeavor to be in position to give all needful support to the civil authorities. The President relies on you to give more accurate and exact informationin relation to public

