
affairs in East Tennessee than it has hertofore been possible to obtain and you are invited to the fullest correspondence in all matters relating to your command.

I have the honor to be, very resepctfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

RICHMOND, August 1, 1861.

Brigadier General F. K. ZOLLICOFFER:

Retain at Bristol under your ordrs such of the Tennessee regiments now there or that may arrive there until further advised. YOu are assigned to the command of the District of East Tennessee.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

EXECUTIVE DEAPRTMETN,

Nashville, August 3, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER.

SIR: That there will be an effort on the part of the Federal Government to arm the Union men of Tennessee I have no doubt. For this purpose companies and regiments of Unon men are being eorganized in Kentucky and every day our relations with the people of Kentucky are becoming more complicated and threatening, esepcially that part of Kentucky adjoining East Tennessee. I fear we ewill have to adopt a decided and energetic policy with the people of that section. I hope, however, to visit Richmond in a few days, and confer with you upon this and other questions of interest to the State and Generl Government.

Very resepctfully,

ISHAM G. HARRIS.

K NOXVILLE, August 10, 1861.

Adjutant-General COOPER:

News recieved that John Baxter is arrested at Lynchburg. This is unfortunate. He is a Unionist byt has my permission to go to Nelson and counsel with him as a lawyer and firend. He gave me assurance of conciliatory influence there, and here his arrest embarrasses my plans of conciliation.

F. K. ZOLLICOFFER,

Brigadier- General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Nahville, August 16, 1861.

Honorable L. P. AWALKER, War Deaprtment, Richmond.

SIR: I am satisfied from the movements of the Unionmen of Esast Tennessee that more troops should be stationed in that division of the State. If you would establish camps of instruction at different points

