
in East Tennessee and order to them such troops as you mayhave in camps in States south of us to the extent of 5,000 or 7,000 men the presence of such a force would give perfect security to our railroads and prevent the organization of a rebel army, while the presence of the force we have there at present has the effect of irritating without being sufficient to awe or subdue.

Thwelve or fourteen thosuand men in East Tennessee would crush out rebellion there without firing a gun, while a smaller force may invllve us in scenes of blood that will take long years to heal. We can temporize with the rebellious spirit of that people no longer. If you can order a sufficient number of troops fromStates south of us to that point, the adoption of a decided and energetic policy (which I am resoved upon so soon as Ihave a sufficeint fore to sustain it), m the arrest and indictment for treason of the ringlearders, will give perfect peace and quiet to that divisionof our State in the course of two months. If the suggestion with regard to East Tennessee is to be acted upon at all it should be done at ocne as every omoment's elay but inreasest he danger of an outbreak there.

Very rsepctfully,

ISHAM G. HARRIS.

ORDERS, BRIGADE HEADUQARTERS, Numbers 3, Knoxville, August 18, 1861.

The geenral in command gratified at the preservation of peace and the rapidly incresing evidences of confidence and good- will among the people of East Tennessee strictly enjoins upon those under his command the most scrupulous regard for the personal and poperty rights of all the inhabitants. No act or word iwll be tolerated calculated to alarm or irritate those who though hertofore advaocating the national Union now acquiesce in the decision of the State and submit to the authority of the Government of the Confederate States. Such of the people as have fired fromtheir homes under an apprehension of danger will be encourraged to return with an assurance of wentier security to all wh wish to puruse their resepctive avocations peacefully at home. The COnfederate Governm, ent seek not to enter into questins of difference of political opinions hertofore existing but to maintain the indepaendence it has asserted byt e united feeling and actionof all its citizens. Colonls of regiments and captains of comopanies iwll be held respeosible for a strict obesrvance of this injucntion within their resepctive commands, a ndeach officercommanding a separtate detachment or post will have this order read to his command.

By order o Brigadier General F. K. Zollicoffer:

POLLOK B. LEE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEAPRTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, August 20, 1861.

His Excellency ISHAM G. HARRIS,

Governor of Tennessee.

SIR: Your letter of August 16 has just been received by the hands of Major Bradford. The importance of the present attitude of East Tennessee is not unknown to this Department and the necessity of

