
providing promptly the menas of supporting our friends in that section is by no mens diregarded. Three regiments have been accordingly already orderedinto East Tennessee- two from Mississippi and one fromAlabama- and it is hoped that these troops withthose already within your State may suffice for the accomplishment of the objects at present necessary.

The Department fully concurs in your view of the necessity of adopting a decided policy to insure the public safety and only regrets that it is notin the power of the Govnerment tothe extent that may be necessay.

I have thehonor to be, sir, very respectfully,

L. P. WLKER,

Secretary of War.

BRIHGADE HEADUQARTERS,

Knoxville, Tenn., August 26, 1861.

Colonel W. E. BALDWIN, Russellville, Tenn.

SIR: I have ordered tyou to move with your command and encap at Fish Springs, near the Johnson County line, because of the great disaffection as reprted to me among the inhabitants of that conty and of Carter adjoining, and in order that any efforts at rebellion against the authorities of the State or Confede3racy may be quelled at once. Ihave informationfro viaous sources that a number of louyal citizens from thsoe counties apprehending danger at the hands of the Federali9sts among them who seem to be largely in the ascendency have fled for safety to Virginia and Norht Carolina. I also learned to- day that two men were killed and otehrs wounded recently byt hese Linclonites. You will try and ascertain the facts in the case and report to me. You will report toheaduqaters as often as conveniennt or as cincumstances may require the condition of affirs in those counties. I desire you as much as possible to be conciliateory toward these prople, adhering strictly to the policyindiacatedin my procalmatinand in General Orders, Numbers 3. You will enjoin upon your men a scrupulous obsrvance of the rights of persons and of property and all peaceable and law abiding citizens. You will disarm and disperse all bodies of men inopen hositlity to the authorities of the State and of the COnfederate States; capture andhold their leaders, a ndif resistance is offered and it becomes neseeary desroty them. The following are the nea es of some of the Liclon hleaders in Johnso COunty, viz: Lewis Venable, of Laurel Creek; Northington, hotel- keeper at Taylorsville; R. R. Butler, Taylorsville, representative of the county; John G. Johnson and J. W. Merick, captains of Liclon commapnies. Joseph P. Edoms, of Elizabethton, Carter County, and A. Evans, of Washington County, are also among the ringlerders of them. If you obtain satisfacotry evidence that these or otehr lleaders are in open hositlity to the authorities of the State or the COnfederacy or stirring up rebellion against the same you will arrest and dteain them in custody. I will forward to your aid for souting purposes a cavalry company so soon as I can arm them if you think their services are required.

By order of Brigadier G en. F. K. Zollicoffer:

P. B. LEE,

Assistatn Adjutant- General.

