
camp than we do whatis going on in our own. There is no giving way in the hostile feeling in East Tennessee. This you may rely on and time will convince you.

Truly, your friend,

C. WALLACE,

[President East Tennessee and Georgia Railroad.]

CAMP BUCKNER, Octoberr 30, 1861.

Colonel W. B. WOOD,

Sixteenth Alabama Regiment, Knoxville, Tenn.

SIR: If they attempt an invasion of East Tennessee it is rather probable they will move by way of the passes near Jacksborough or Jamestown. While our scouts are observing this raod they might be advancing by one of the other roads. I have therfore taken steps to have four cavalry companies employed in scouting from Jacksborough to Williamsbburg.

Watch themovements of the Lincloln men in East Tennessee. Restrain our ultra friends from acts of indiscretion. Promptly meet and put down any attmepted onpen hositlity. But I have obeserved heretorfore that a few of our friends about Knoxvilleare unnecessarily nervous; give their expressions of apprehension only their due wight.

Very resepctfully,

F. K. ZOOLICOFFER,

Brigadier-General.

CORINTH, Novermber 4, 1861.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS.

DEAR SIR: By request of Mr. Samuel Tate I write to you this morning. Heis just fromEast Tennessee and says he cosiders the commad of General Zollicoffer in great danger; more fromthe rear than the frotn. Feelings of decided hostilitya re again being exhibited by the citizens, and in his opinion there is danger of aid being given to Lincoln by the people of East Tennessee at an unexpected moment and seizure of the railroad. He requests me to suggest to you the necessity of rendezvousing several regiments immediately. I give you this information at his pressing instance. Election Wednesday. Result doubtful

I have the pleasure to be, your obedientservant,

REUBEN DAVIS.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., November 4, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretaryof War.

SIR: I have to- day written to General Cooper I reference to the state of affairs in East Tennessee and the necessity of re- enforcements being sent immediately; p but as there is a misapprehensionin revference to the feeling of the late Union party existing abroad I have requested Mr. Archer, of Richmond, now on a visit here to call on you and give you fuller information than I can write. In addtion to what I have

