
written to General Cooper I will say that there can be no doubt of the fact that large parties numbering from 20 to 100 are every day pass ing through thenarrow and unffrequented gaps of the ountaininto Kentucky to join the enemy. My courier just in from Jamestonw informs me that a few nights ago 170 men passed from Boane County over into Kentucky. I do not believe that the Uninists are in the least reconciled to the Govenrment but on the contrary are as hostile to it as the people of Ohio and will be ready to take up arms as soon as they believe the Lincoln forcesarenear enough to sustaint hem. I do not believe that the Southern men here are alarmed or nervous. They are as brave and fearless as any I ever saw but they do live in constant apprehesion that a general uprising an rebellion may take place at any day.

I submit the matter to the determination of the Department assuring you that I will do all that I can with 200 infantry and one company of cavalry to prevent any disturbance.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

W. B. WOOD,

Colonel, Commandign Post.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., NOvermber 4, 1861.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Insperctor General.

SIR: This information has been recieved by the Union men in East Tennessee and they are penly preparing dfor rebellion. Men are arriving here daily fromthe adjoining counties bringing iformation that the Unionistas are talking exultingly of the approach of the Lincoln army and their intention to join it. The state of the country here is evidelntly worse at this time tahn at any previous period.

It is a great mistake to suppose that the people of nEastTennessee are submissive or willing to acquiesce. They have only been held quiet byt he force which was at Knoxville andnow thatit is gone theya re evidently preparing for a geenraluprising if the Lincoln army should make any advance into Tennessee. I need at least a regiemtn at this place to give protection to the stores of the Government and preserve quiet.

I am, veryresepctfully, your obedient servant.

W. B. WOOD,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., November 8, 1861.

His Excellency President DAVIS.

DEAR SIR; Many friends here have urged me to address your excellency this note. It is I fear a grand mistake to suppose the Unionparty in East Tennessee has lost its hostility to the Confederazcy. At the election day before yesterday with perfet unanimity that party refused to cast a vote for men who had been its late leaders becuse they were running for seats in the COnfederate Congress; and if a force shall be thrown into EastTennessee or on the line which now seems probable and which Generl Zollicoffer is unable to defeat the flames of rebillin will flash throughout EastTennessee; the railroad

