
will be destroyed, the bridges burned and otehr calamities not necssary to mentionwill follow. I regrdt eh state of affairs from a ll the information I possess as perilous.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

LANDON C. HAYNES.

KNOXVILLE, November 9, 1861.

(Via Bristol 10th.)

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN:

Two large bridges on my road were burned last night about 12 o'clock; also one bridge on the East Tennessee and Georgia Railroad at the same time and an effort made to burn the largest bridge on my road. There is gret excitement along the whole line of raod and evidence tahtthe Union party are organizing and preparing to destroy or take possession of the whole line form Bristol to Chattanooga, and iunless the Govenrment is very prompt in giving us the necessary military aid I much fear the result. The only hope for protection must be fromteh Govenrment. Unless the Govenrment fives us the necessary aid and protection at once trasportation over my road of army supplies will be anutter impossiblity; it cannot be doen. We have arrested four of theindividuals engaged in burning one bridge and know who burned another, but for watn of the necessary militaryf orce fear we cannot arrest them.

JOHN R. BRANNER,

President East Tennessee and VIrginia Railroad.

BOWLING GREEN, KY., November 9, 1861.

Govenro HARRIS, Nashville:

From our inoratmion the destruction of the railways and telegraphs near Chattanooga, Cleveland and Dalton cannot be the work of the enemy's troops but of the disaffected in North Alabama and East Tennessee. I beg you excellency to use every exertion to ascertainteh extent, ppower and organiztion of this insurrection if as I fear one exists, andmost urgently I press your excellency to leave no mens untired to put arms into the hands of your unarmed levies.

A. S. JOHNSOTN,

General.

BRIGAGDE HEADUQATERS,

Jacksborough, November 9, 1861 (Via Knoxvile 10th.)

S. COOPER:

Coloville writes that last night HIwassee bridge and two otehr railroad bridges near Chatanooga were burned. Attempt on Stawberry Plains bridge filed. no cars fromeast. Feared that the Union bridge is destroyed. I send a regiemtn to Knoxville. Carroll's brigade ordered to report to me not heard from.

F. K. ZOLLICOFFER,

Briagadier-Geernal.

