
BRISTOL, November 9, 1861.

Honorable JOHN LETHER.

DEAR SIR: Upon the oath of J. H. Rudd, conductor of the East Tennessee and Virginia Rairoad Company, and news received from A. Willard, the representative of Sullivan County, Tenn., by note whose handwriting was testified to by Goerge Pile and Jos. R. Anderson I do hereby inform you that the bridge across the Holston was burned last night by about fifty Union men and that a Union force is now assembling near Watauga bridge reported to number about 500 for the purpose of attacking Captain McClellan's troops now stationed at the bridge and burning the bridge, an as such we are unable to form any idea of the result of this; and furthermore state that all communcation between this place and Nashville by railroad and telegraph is cut off and ask that you appeal to President Davis to call out the militia of East Tennessee to suppress rebellion.

WM. F. MOORE,

Justice of the Peace, Washington County, Va.

CLEVELAND, TENN., November 11, 1861.

JEFF. DAVIS, President:

Several bridges burned on East Tennessee road. The country in great excitement and terror. The Twenty- third Regiment (Colonel Hutcherson's) Georgia Volunteers leaving Camp McDonald today for Richmond. Can your order them temporarily to Knoxville, Tenn! You could dispatch to Marietta and Augusta, Ga.

J. W . LEWIS,

Superintendent East Tennessee and VIrgina Railroad.

BRISTOL, November 11, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War:

I have just returned from the burned bridge. We have at the next bridge ten miles beyond about 2350 men under Captain McClellan. Thay have two cannon which they found on the cars and whih were given to them by General Charles Clark who stopped until this morning with them. The camp of the enemy is at N. G. Taylor's, five miles distant, with about 400 men. Another camp at Elizabehtown two miles further is said to contain 500 men. The two may be confounded. There is no doubt but that re- enforements are every moment reaching them from Watuaga County, N. C., and Johnson, Carter and Washington counties, Tenn. These counties can furnish about 2,000 Lincolnites and each fresh occasion emboldens them. They threaten to burn Watauga bridge tonight. Should they be sucessful it will bring foward hundreds now quiet. It is al important they should be disposed of before they unite their different forces now ranging form 50 to 500 A fight ocurred last night between twenty- two of our scouts and the main camp of the enemy. We captured 2, killed 9 and lost none. I have given orders for all trains to give way to the troop trains now coming forward. They will reach here to- morrow morning. Can I do anything for you!

RO. L. OWEN,

President Virgina and Tenessee Railroad.

