
with them by the unfrequented mountain paths, and to prevent surprise and the destruction of the commissary and quartermaster's stores.

I am, very resepctfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. WOOD,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 216. Richmond, Va., November 11, 1861.

1. Colonel Danville Leadbetter, Provisional Army, is hereby assigned to the command of the troops to be stationed for the protection of the railroads between Bristol and Chattanooga, Tenn. He will reconstruct bridges, repair and keep open the line of communication between those points and will call upon railroad companies for such aid as he may require to carry out this order.

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO WITHERS,Assistatn Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, November 12, 1861.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS:

The burning of railroad bridges in East Tennessee shows a deepseated spirit of rebellion in that section. Union men are organizing. This rebellion must be crushed out instantly, the leaders arrested and summarily punished. I shall send immediately about 10,000 men to that section; cannot arm larger force at present. If you can possibley send from Western Virginia a number of Tennessee regiments to East Tennessee we can at once repair the bridges and crush out the rebellion. I hope to be able very soon to collect a large number of sporting guns in the State to arm our volutners and will co- operate with the Government to the fullest extent of my ability in all respects. If a part only of the Tennessee troops in Western Virginia shall be sent I would prefer Anderson's brigade.

ISHAM G. HARRIS.

JONESBOROUGH, TENN., November 12, 1861.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS, President, &amp;c.

SIR: Civil war has broken out at length in East Tennessee. In the late election scarcely a so- called Union man voted. Neither Mr. Nelson nor any of the released men who had been sworn to be fithful to the Southern Confederacy voted upon the occasion and there appeared a simultaneous assualt uponour line of rairoads from Virginia to the Georgia line. In this county (Washington) the secession strnght is about equal to the Union force but our force is much wakened by five voluteer companies now in the service. In Carter and Johnson COunties, norhteast of this, the Union strngth is not only as formidable but it is as violent as that of any of the Northwestern Virgina countis. Had they the power not a secessioninst would live in this region. The

