
has reproted to the War Deaprtmetn a ful acount of his exepdition against Clift and the breaking up of his camp. Five prisoners taken with arms. To-night I send a reconnoitering force to North Chickamauga Creek where the citizens are mostly disloyal and a good many in open rebellioon. As soon as sufficient information can be obtained a larger force iwll be sent to capture Clift and his troops. So soon as they return I will move to join General Zollicoffer at jacksborough. I inclose you a copy of oath and bond I have taken from Union prisoners taken before my arrival.

Veryr espectfully,

W. H. CARROLL,

Britgadielr-Geenral.

[Inclosure.]

We,- - and - -, acknowledge ourselves indebted to the Confederate States of America jointly and severally in the sum of $10,000, but to be void if - - shall faithfully and honestly support the Constitution and laws of the Confederate States of America and if he shall faithfully and honestly render true allegiance to said Confederate States in all thingsl; and if he shall not directly or indiretly by writing, talking or otherwise seditiously or rebelliously attempt to excite prejudice in themind of any person or persons against the existernce, perpetuity or prosperity of said COnfederate States; and if he shall notin any mnnaer directly or indirectly aid, assist, encourage or advise the United States or any officer, agent or adherent threof in the present 3war against the Confederate States.

Witness our hands and seals this - November, 1861.

- -

- -

I do solemnly swar that I will faithfully and honestly support the Constitution and laws of the Confederate States of Amercia and I will faithfully and honestly render true allegiance to said COnfederate States in all things and in every particular; and I further swear that I willnot directly or indierctly by talking, writing or otehrwise seditiously or rebelliously attempt to excite prejudice in the mind of any person or persons against the existenrce, perpetuity or prosperity of said Confederate Stqates; nor will I in any manner directly or indierctly aid, assist, encourage or advise the United States or any officer, agent or adherent thereof in the present war against the COnfederate States.

- -

JOHNSON STATION, November 19, 1861.

(Via Jonesborough.)

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN:

Yesterday we dispersed the insurgents, 300 strong, at Doe River. Took thirty prisoners in the neighborhood; none very prominent. What shall be done with them! Are those not known as criminals to be released on their oath of allegiance! Those known to have been insurgents I recommend be sent to Richmond and kept there. Please telegraph to Jonesborough, Tenn.

D. LEADBETTER.

