
If we are invaded every Southern man will be taken a prisoner or else murdered in the night time. Our very existence depends on Mr. Lincoln's ability to invade the state.

Asking your pardon for my boldness and the hasty manner of writing this letter, I am, very resepctfully, &amp;c.,

MADISONT. PEOPLES.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS,

Wartburg, One Mile from Montgomery, November 20, 1861.

Liutenent- Colonel MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Bowling Green, Ky.

SIR: I sent a few men up to Greeneville to arrest Andrew Johnson's sons and son- in- law. Have no late news from Carter and Johnson Counies. By this time I presume General Carroll is at Knoxville in command and instructed to make proper dispositions to guard the railroads and crush the tory combinations.

The recent burning of the bridges brought a crisis which I think demonstrates that but comparatively a small proportion of the population will now give countenance to hostile acts against the Confederate Government and that those who are still hostile are only running upon their own destruction. They should now be deal very severely with. Leniency and forbearance have gradually won a many thousands over wh would have been driven to the enemy had our policy been severe two month ago but those that are yet hostile can only be cured of their folly by severity. They should be made to feel in their persons and their property that their hostile attitude promises to them nothing but destruction.

Vy resepctfully,

F. K. ZOLLICOFFER,

Brigadier-General.

CHATTANOOGA, November 21, 1861.

J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War:

General Carroll has gone on to Zollicoffer. Colonel Cook's regiment, partly armed, and the Seventh Alabama Regiment are. I have assumed command. Toriesnow quiet but not convinced. Executions needed.

S. A. M. WOOD,

Colonel Seventh Alabama Regiment Volunteers.

BRIGADE HEADUQARTERS,

Jaestown, Tenn., November 22, 1861.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond.

SIR: I have no dispatches from Knoxville since I left there but hear through various scouting parties that the tories in lower East Tennessee are dispersed, a number of prisoners taken, a few Linolnites killed and wounded and several hundred guns captured. Citizens

