
morning of the day it was understood a Cabinet council would assemble, which it was excepted would take into consideration the course pursued by the State of Texas ad the condition of the paroled officers. It was considered important to have the letter handed in and passed up to the Secretary of War before the council met. Colonel Nichols, assistant adjutant-general, made the fair copy, and fearing that if too long it would not be read some parts were omitted and other changes made which have escaped my recollection. I think, however, if this copy should be compared with the one sent to your office no very material discrepancies would be found.

The paper marked A must have been the original letter, and I do not recollect its contents nor from whom received. I did not retain a copy. I think the papers herewith, numbered 1 and 2, are duplicates of the documents referred to as marked B and C. I understood that some weeks after the date of my communication it was read in Cabinet council, and probably the letter and accompanying documents are now at the President's or in the office of the Secretary of War.

I inclose a list of all the officers so far as I know who were made prisoners in Texas, which was not sent with my letter of the 25th of May; also a newspaper account* prepared by Major Sprague on the conversations, &amp;c., which occurred at the time we were taken prisoners. The latter is not of much importance, but it shows the feelings of the Texas toward the officers of the Army and, to a certain extent, the condition of things at San Antonio at the time we were made prisoners. I feel the want of the records of the Department of Texas when called on to make any statements of transactions which occurred while I was in command. All records appertaining to the department previous to the 1st of January, 1861, were packed up and sent to Indianola soon after I entered on duty, and I understand they reached New York, and I presume are now in Washington. All subsequent to the date were detained by the Texas commissioners, which embrace the period I was in charge of the department.

I am, sir, with great respect, your obedient servant,

C. A. WAITE,

Colonel First Infantry.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

Names of the officers of the U. S. Army who were made prisoners of war in Texas in April and May, 1861.

Colonel C. A. Waite, First Infantry, commanding de W. A. Nichols, assistant adjutant-general; Major D. H. Vinton, quartermaster; Surg. E. H. Abadie; Asst. Surg. J. R. Smith; Asst. Surg. R. D. Lynche; Asst. Surg. C. C. Byrne-all on parole. Asst. Surg. D. W. C. Peters, military a prisoners. Major D. McClure, paymaster; Captain R. M. Potter, military storekeeper; Captain K. Garrard, Second Cavalry; Lieutenant Colonel G. Morris, First Infantry; Captain R. S. Granger, First Infantry; Captain G. W. Wallace, First Infantry; Lieutenant E. D. Phillips, First Infantry, adjutant-all on parole. Lieutenant J. B. Greene, First Infantry, dead. Major C. C. Sibley, Third Infantry; Captain and Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel D. T. Chandler, Third Infantry; Captain A. W. Bowman, Third Infantry; Lieutenant J. N. G. Whilster, Third Infantry; Lieutenant J. W. Alley, Third Infantry; Lieutenant H. W. Freedley, Third Infantry; Lieutenant R. G. Lay, Third Infantry; Lieutenant E. R. Hopkins, Third Infantry-all on parole.

---------------

* Refers to Memorandum at p. 45; also see Sprague to Thomas, and "Inclosure Numbers 3" at p. 53.

---------------

