
be pardoned on taking the oath of allegiance. All me taken in arms against the Government will be transported to the military prison at Tuscaloosa and be confined there during the war.

Bridge-burners and destroyers of railroad tracks are excepted from among those pardonable. They will be tried by drum-head court-martial and be hung on the spot.

D. LEADBETTER,

Colonel, Commanding.

KNOXVILLE, December 5, 1861.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

The following dispatch received this morning dated from Bird's Point:

Captain Cocke just in with two bridge-burners and other prisoners. Have no news from Colonel Leadbetter. Colonel Powel reports by spepcial messenger that he has seen no gathering. Will hold his position. Will throw my forces over the river in the morning and report.

Dispatch from Morristown says courier in from Monsarrat. Cannon-ading and musketry at 8 o'clock. Tories have made a stand.

WM. H. CARROLL,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

KNOXVILLE, December 7, 1861.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

Captain Monsarrat has dispersed the tories in Cocke County and captured thirty of the ringleaders.

WM. H. CARROLL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Greenville, Tenn., December 8, 1861.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General.

SIR: At the date of my last letter a part of the force under my command was engaged in the pursuit of a party of insurgents moving from their camp in the northern part of Greene toward Cocke County. As usual their force was dispersed and only some stragglers could be picked up. Among these prisoners were three who had been of the party that burned the Lick Creek bridge. They were Henry Fry, Jacob M. Hensie and Hugh A. Self. All confessed their own and testified to the others' guilt, and also gave as correctly as they could remember the names of the whole party engaged in that crime. Fry and Hensie were tried by drum-head court-martial on the 30th ultimo and executed the same day by hanging. I have thought it my duty to ask of the Department that the punishment of Hugh A. Self be commuted to imprisonment. He is only sixteen years old not very intelligent and was led away on that occasion by his father and elder brother both of whom I learn have now been captured by General Carroll's troops.

Hearing that the insurgents had gathered in force at or near the bend of Chucky River and thence to the neighborhood of Parrottsville and of Newport on the French Broad in Cocke County I moved the

