
For a detailed account of the operations of my command since taking the field I respectfully invite your attention to my official report* this day forwarded to the Adjutant and Inspector General.

I have the honor to be, yours, respectfully,

WM. H. CARROLL,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]

PROCLAMATION.
HEADQUARTERS RIFLE BRIGADE,Knoxville, Tenn., December 11, 1861.

The exigencies of the time requiring as is believed the adoption of the sternest measures of military policy the commanding general feels called upon to suspend for a time the functions of the civil tribunals.

Now therefore be it known that I, William H. Carroll, brigadier-general in the Confederate ARmy and commander of the post at Knoxville, do hereby proclaim martial law to exist in the city of Knoxville and the surrounding country to the distance of one mile from the corporate limits of said city.

By order of Brigadier General William H. Carroll:

H. C. YOUNG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

December 13, 1861.

Major-General CRITTENDEN, Richmond, Va.

SIR: In accordance with the verbal instructions communicated to you by the President you will proceed to Kentucky and assume command of all the forces now commanded by General Zollicoffer, including Carroll's brigade and the different posts established by General Zollicoffer at Cumberland Gap and other mountain passes. You will report directly to General A. S. Johnston by letter. Unless otherwise ordered by General Johnston your command will not include Eastern Tennessee, Colonel Leadbetter having been specially assigned by the President to the duty of maintaining the communications through that district of country and ordered to assume the command of the troops necessary for guarding the line and dispersing the insurrectionists and bridge-burners; nor will your command include the forces under General Marshall who has been ordered to report to General Johnston unless the latter shall so direct.

If by chance you shall, however, be thrown into command in any part of East Tennessee you will understand the policy of the Government to be to show no further clemency to rebels in arms. All actually engaged in bridge-burning should be tried summarily and executed if convicted by military authority. All others captured with arms or proven to have taken up arms against the Government are to be sent to Tuscaloosa as prisoners of war. All such inhabitants as are known to have been in league with the traitors may be pardoned if they promptly deliver up their arms and take the oath of allegiance to this Government. In such event they are to be protected in their persons and property; othewise they should be arrested wherever found and treated as prisoners of war, and especially should care be taken to allow

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

