
KNOXVILLE, TENN.1861.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond.

SIR: * * * I am now disposing the troops of my command along the railroad throughout so as to protect the important bridges and the Department is aware that the number of men is none too great for that especial service. In the northern counties-such as Scott, Morgan and Campbell-disturbances are frequent and Southern men are much exposed. Notwithstanding the favorable aspect of things generally in East Tennessee the country is held by a slight tenure and the approach of an enemy would lead to prompt insurrection of an aggravated character. It should be constantrly kept in awe by the presence of a respectable force.

* * * * * * *

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

D. LEADBETTER,

Colonel, Commanding.

RICHMOND, December 26, 1861.

General WITHERS, Mobile:

Have you the means of receiving and guarding in Mobile about 100 or 150 prisoners taken among the traitors of East Tennessee? They are not considered safe in Tuscaloosa.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

Trial of Harrison Self for bridge-burning.

KNOXVILLE, December 27, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War.

SIR: Inclosed you will find the proceedings of a general court-martial held at Knoxville, Tenn., for the trail of Harrison Self, charged with burning Lick Creek bridge, and who was found guilty and condemned to be hanged at this place this day at 4 p. m., the execution of which was suspended by an order from you. *

Very respectfully,

W. H. CARROLL,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]

Be it remembered that the following proceedings were held at a general court-martial sitting at Knoxville, Tenn., on the 17th day of December, 1861, and succeeding days; said court-martial being ordered, organized and held under and by virtue of the following orders, viz:

HEADQURTERS,

Knoxville, November 25, 1861.

A general court-martial is hereby appointed to meet at Knoxville on the 28th of November or as soon thereafter as practicable for the trial of such prisoners as may be brought before it.

---------------

* Order not found. Self's sentence was mitigated by President Davis, but the order cannot be found among the Confederae archives.

---------------

