
Major and Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel J. V. Bromford, Sixth Infantry, retained prisoner. Lieutenant Colonel W. Hoffman, Eighth Infantry; Captain and Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel I. V. D. Reeve, Eighth Infantry; Captain and Bvt. Major J. T. Sprague, Eighth Infantry; Captain A. T. Lee, Eighth Infantry; Captain C. D. Jordan, Eighth Infantry-all on parole. Lieutenant Z. R. Bliss, Eighth Infantry, retained prisoner. Lieutenant E. L. Hartz, Eighth Infantry, on parole. Lieutenant H. M. Lazelle, Eighth Infantry, retained prisoner. Lieutenant E. W. H. Read, Eighth Infantry, on parole. Lieutenant L. Peck, Eighth Infantry; Lieutenant J. J. Van Dorn, Eighth Infantry; Lieutenant R. T. Frank, Eighth Infantry-all restrained prisoners.

It is not know whether Lieutenant-Colonel Backus, Third Infantry, Major Cunningham, paymaster, and one or two other officers were captured in New Orleans and required to give their parole, or were permitted to pass through that city unmolested.

[Indorsement.]

Not furnished with my letter to Adjutant-General of the 25th of May, 1861.

C. A. WAITE,

Colonel First Infantry.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS C. S. ARMY IN TEXAS,San Antonio, April 24, 1861.

I do hereby declare upon my honor and pledge myself as a gentleman and a soldier that I will take up arms or serve in the field against the Government of the Confederate States of America under my present or any other commission that I may hold during the existence of the present war between the United States and the Government of the Confederate States of America; that I will not correspond with the authorities of the United States, either civil or military, giving information against the interest of the Confederate States of America unless duly exchanged-it being understood that Colonel Waite is permitted, after leaving the territories of the Confederate States, to make to the authorities of the United States such reports and statements as may be required of him by such authorities or by his official position in relation to past transactions.

C. A. WAITE,

Colonel First Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, April 1, 1862.

Major General B. HUGER, Commanding at Norfolk, Va.

GENERAL: The exchange of Captain Barron for Colonel Hoffman has been refused. Any other officer of proper rank will be accepted for Colonel Hoffman. Brigadier-General Brunside paroled a large number of prisoners taken at Roanoke Island, anticipating that they would be exchanged for prisoners of the United States now held in the South.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S. - I send herewith a small package of letters.

