
Detail of the court: Colonel R. F. Looney, Colonel Moses White, Lieutenant-Colonel Bateman; Major D. H. Thrasher, Captain J. A. Lea, Captain Job Umphlett, Captain J. D. Thomas, Captain S. J. McReynolds, Captain J. C. Carter, Captain J. R. McCann, Captain L. Guthrie, Captain McClung, Captain R. Roddey, Major T. J. Campbell, judge-advocate.

By order of Brigadier-General Carroll:

G. H. MONSARRAT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 92. Knoxville, December 10, 1861.

The necessities of the service not permitting the absence of a greater number of officers from their respective commands the following officers are charged with the duty of remaining upon the general court-martial (commenced by Special Orders, Numbers 35) now in session in this city, viz: Colonel Moses White, Lieutenant-Colonel Bateman, Major Lucas, Major D. H. Thrasher, Captain J. R. McCann, Captain S. J. McReynolds, Captain J. D. Thomas, Captain R. Roddey.

The officers thus detailed will constitute a court-martial for the trial of all persons who many be brought before them and will continue in session from day to day until further orders. Major T. J. Campbell will continue to act as judge-advocate.

By order of Brigadier-General Carroll:

H. C. YOUNG,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQURTERS, Knoxville, December 11, 1861.

Of the above-named officers seven may sit upon said court-martial and their acts will be approved by the commanding officer.

W. H. CARROLL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 100. Knoxville, December 14, 1861.

Captain Cotter is detailed upon the general court-martial now in session in this city until further orders. He will report himself at the court-house in Knoxville immediately.

W. H. CARROLL,Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 125. December 16, 1861.

Captain Green is detailed upon a general court-martial now in this city. He will report to Major Campbell, judge-advocate, immediately.

By order of Brigadier-General Carroll:

H. C. YOUNG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

And said court-martial being so in session on the 17th day of December, 1861-present: Lieutenant-Colonel Bateman, Major Lucas, Major Thrasher, Captain McReynolds, Captain Thomas, Captain Cotter and Captain Green, the judge-advocate, Major Campbell, and the defendand, Harrison Self, being also present-the judge-advocate read in the presence and hearing of the defendant the various orders concerning and constituting the court and asked the defendant if he had any objection to any member of the court, to which the defendant replied that he had n objection to any member of the court. The defendant made known to the court his desire to have the presence of Messrs. Haynes and Baxter, attorneys, to conduct his defense and said gentlemen were admitted to conduct his defense. The judge-advocate administered the following oath to each member of the court-martial present as above stated:

Oath. -You and each of you do swear that you will well and truly try and determine the matter now befor eyou between the Confederate States and the prisoner to be tried and that you will duly administer justice according to the provisions of

