
THOMAS HARMON, witness on behalf of the Confederate States, sworn and testified as follows:

On the day preceding the night on which the Lick Creek bridge was burned Daniel Smith came to my father's house. My father was not present. Smith said that he had particular business with my father, Jacob Harmon. Said that Fry was to be there that night at my father's and he was going to tear up the railroad. Said Fry wanted father to come over to his (Daniel Smith's) house; the road was to be torn up that night. Father came back and I told him what Smith had said. Father went in the direction of Smith's. Said he was going there. I was slightly acquainted with Daniel Smith; have seen him since in the jail in Knoxville. That night at about 8 o'clock a crowd commenced assembling at my father's house. There came the following persons, to wit, John McDaniels, Harrison Self (the defendant)-he came in late-Andrew Self, Hugh Self, James McDaniels, Cannon Hann, Arthur Hann, Matt. Hincher, Henry Fry, Jacob Myers, William Willoughby, Granville Willoughby, Lazarus Rednens, another Rednens whose Chirstian name I do not know, James Guthrie, Elijah Willoughby and several others who were strangers to me. Jonathan Morgan was there; my father was there. Fry swore these men with the left hand on the flag (United States) and the right hand lifted up to secrecy and to do any and everything he impressed on them to do that night. Did not see him swear the defendant. After oath was administered they went on to the bridge; took the guard at the bridge prisoners then went and set fire to the bridge. I saw the defendant at my father's house and also in the company on the way to the bridge. I am well acquainted with the defendant. The interview with Smith at my father's took place at about 8 o'clock in the morning. Some of the crowd who were engaged in this matter were armed with guns and some not armed at all. Did not see the defendant have any gun.

THOMAS HARMON.

Defendant declines to cross-examine.

JONATHAN MORGAN, witness on behalf of the Confederate States, sworn and testified as follows:

I was at Jacob Harmon's on the night the Lick Creek bridge was burned. The defendant, Harrison Self, was thee that night. I went home between 10 and 11 o'clock that night. Did not see the defendant sworn. Did not see him take any part in the occurrences of the occasion. Simply saw him there. Recollect speaking to him. think he said something about going home. He said he had a notion of going home or something to that effect. Do not know whether he went home or not.

Cross examined:

Defendant I think also said it was a bad business. Do not remember that he said he came down to stop it. He seemed to think it was a bad business. I did not see defendant do anything t stop it. He had a son about sixteen years of age there. Did not see defendant have any gun. Did not see him take the oath. I left before any oath was taken. Left when they were talking about the oath.

JONATHAN MORGAN.

The judge-advocate announced to the court that he had no further testimony to offer in chief.

The counsel for the defendant said that he had just learned that Alexander Lowe is a material witness for the defendant and that he thinks said testimony is of great importance and that the attendance of said witness can be obtained by Friday morning at 10 o'clock, and the court adjourned the further consideration of this case until Friday, December 20, 1861, at 10 a. m.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., Friday, December 20, 1861.

At 10 a. m. cort met pursuant to adjournment.

Present: Each and all the members of the court who on Tuesday last were sworn on the trail of this case; the judge-advocate, the prisoner and his counsel being also present, Lieutenant-Colonel Bateman presiding.

