
cleared for deliberation and having maturely considerd the evidence the court do find, more than two-thirds of the members of the court concurring in the finding, the defendant Harrison Self:

Of the specification of the first charge, guilty.

Of the first charge, guilty.

Of the specification of the second charge, guilty.

Of the second charge, guilty.

And for such his offense the court doth sentence the defendant to be hanged by the neck until he is dead.

T. P. BATEMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel 11th Tenn. Regiment and President of the Court-Martial.

T. J. CAMPBELL,

Judge-Advocate.

The court-martial as far as this case is concerned adjourned sinde die, yet to meet on Monday next at 10 a. m., to continue the investigation of other cases.

T. P. BATEMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel 11th Tenn. Regiment and President of the Court-Martail.

T. J. CAMPBELL,

Judge-Advocate.

KNOXVILLE, December 26, 1861.

The sentence of the court-martial in this case is approved and the prisoner is ordered to be executed in accordance therewith at 4 p. m. to-morrow.

W. H. CARROLL,

Brigadier-General.

KNOXVILLE, December 21, 1861.

Brigadier-General CARROLL:

The members of the court-martial sitting for the trial of persons charged with bridge-burning and other offenses beg respectfully to state that they have just concluded the trial of Harrison Self, charged with having burned the Lick Creek bridge, and from the testimony in the case have found him guilty and under a sense of stern justice have sentenced him, the defendant, to death by hanging. The court is unanimous, however, in the behalf-from the testimony in the case, from the character of the prisoner, from what the members of the court know of his previous life and conduct, from his known kindness of heart and his standing in the community as a good citizen, and from many other circumstances occurring in the trial which cannot be transferred to paper-that this is a proper case for commutation of punishment. It is our belief that the public interest will suffer nothing from this course, but that on the contrary every object will be gained that can be attained by the extreme penalty of death.

T. P. BATEMAN, Lieutenant-Colonel.

HUGH R. LUCAS, Major.

D. H. THRASHER, Major.

J. D. THOMAS, Captain.

WILL GREEN, Captain.

S. J. McREYNOLDS, Captain.

H. W. COTTER, Captain.

T. J. CAMPBELL, Judge-Advocate.

55 R R-SER IL VOL I

