
dezvous, to the bridge. Saw Self between Harmon's and bridge. Did not see him at bridge. He thinks he remembers the fact that Harrison Self's gun was there that night. Heard some one of the crowd say that the defendant was going to bring his gun. He knows nothing except that accused was at Harmon's and does not tell why he thinks so.

Thomas Harmon, third witness for prosecution: Crowd commenced assembling at his father's house (Jacob Harmon's) about 8 o'clock. Saw Harrison Self there. Did not see defendant sworn. After party was sworn they went to the bridge. Saw the defendant with the company on the way to the bridge. Did not see him at the bridge. Did not see him have a gun.

Jonathan Morgan, fourth witness for prosecution: Harrison Self was at Jacob Harmon's on the night the bridge was burned. Did not see him sworn and did not see him take any part in the occurrences of the occasion. Simply saw him there. Spoke to him and thinks he said something about going home. He said he had a notion of going home or something to that effect.

Cross-examined: Defendant also said I think it was a bad business. Did not see him do anything to stop it.

Alexander Lowe, first witness for defense, private in Captain Fry's company, Colonel Powel's regiment, C. S. Army: Resided on defendant's farm at the time the bridge was burned. On the evening previous to the burning of the bridge the defendant said it was a bad thing to burn the bridge. He said he did not know whether he was going to Harmon's or not. He did not say that he was going down to prevent it-the burning of the bridge-that I now recollect. He said it was a bad thing. He lives three or four miles from the bridge. Defendant has been strong Union man. Not been a fool abou it. Never acted harshly or made any threats to my knowledge. Not hostile to soldiers of Confederate States. Sold them supplies once-some salt. Never heard of his refusing to sell supplies. He said it was bad thing to burn the bridge. These are the only words of condemnation that I recollect of his using. I did not think the thing would be done at all.

Cross-examined: Saw defendant early next morning. He said nothing about the bridge. Nothing about having gone down to prevent its being burned.

Re-examned: Ever since Fremont's proclamation I have been a Southern man and openly said that when I fought I'd fight for the South and have talked thus to the defendant before the bridge was burned and have since volunteered. The defendant is about fifty years of age, has children grown and grandchildren.

Such is the sum and substance of all the evidence in the case. There are two petitions on file for a mitigation of the sentence, and after most maturely considering the whole case it does appear to me that he ought not to be hanged. All of which is respectfully submitted to the better judgment of your honor.

A. T. BLEDSOE,

Chief of Bureau of War.

P. S. - Accused was also tried for taking up arms against the Confederate States and found guilty. On what evidence I can not imagine unless because one witness thought his gun was there and thought he heard some one in the crowd say he would bring his gun. No one saw him with arms.

Very respectfully,

A. T. B.

