
Government prison at Tuscaloosa, Ala., and that those who refused to volunteer under such compulsion have been sent to and imprisoned at Tuscaloosa where they now remain.

The names of the persons thus dealt with as far as my information extends are as follows: Dr. John G. Brown, Charles B. Champion, James S. Bradford, Allen Marlow, Sidney Wise, John F. Kinchelow, Samuel Hunt, --- Potts. W. R. Davis, --- Gamble, Thomas L. Cate, John bean, sr., and John Boon. These men were arrested by a captain of Tennessee cavalry and as I learn without ever having been before any tribunal, civil or military, without any specification of charges and without the examination of a single witness they were hurried off to imprisonment. Levi Trewhitt, William Hunt, Stephen Beard, John McPheson, George Munsey, --- Thompson were taken to Knoxville but had no investigation before any tribunal. The first two were sent from thence to Tuscaloosa. The remaining four were released either on parole or unconditionally but after returning to their homes they were arrested by the captain of cavalry before alluded to and also sent to Tuscaloosa. As I am informed none of the persons whose names I have given were taken in arms or suspicioned of having been in arms against the Government.

I was requested to bring these facts to the attention of the Tennessee Congressional delegation. I learn that many if not all of them have received corroborative information. By their request I have been induced to bring the subject to your attention that justice might be done in the premises and the character of the Government vindicated. It is insisted and I presume correctly that the terror engendered by these arrests was an efficient cause in changing public sentiment in East Tennessee.

Respectfully,

JNO C. BURCH.

[Indorsement.]

Secretary of War, for attention.

Those who acted for the Government can inform you whether political arrests were made and prisoners sent to Tuscaloosa as herein affirmed.

J. D[AVIS].

CLEVELAND, TENN., January 8, 1862.

Colonel CHARLES M. McGHEE.

DEAR SIR: I have received your request to write you the facts about the arrest of James S. Bradford by Captain W. L. Brown's command, and he was a few days after sent to Tuscaloosa. The nature of the charge against him I am ignorant of. I feel confident that his arrest and transportation from here must have been done under a misconception of his position as regards the rebellious feeling that has disturbed East Tennessee, and had an ivestigation bee allowed him he would have been discharged without spot or blemish. It is true he was originally a Union man and at the beginning of the secession amongst us had considerable influence with the party but before the period at which our State linked her future with the Southern Confederacy he bechern man and from that day exerted all his influence and power for peace and submission. I know that it told to such a degree that their numbers were greatly lessened amongst us.

