
KNOXVILLE, TENN., January 20, 1862.

On the 19th day of November last I arrested and brought to this place Levi Trewhitt, esq., of Cleveland, Tenn. This arrest was made under lonel W. B. Wood, commanding the Sixteenth Alabama Regiment, who at that time was the commander of this post. The arrest was ordered because Mr. Trewhitt was suspected of a knowledge of the burning of the railroad bridges and the plans by which it was done. He was retained here for some weeks and then sent to Tuscaloosa by order of General W. H. Carroll, who succeeded Colonel Wood in command. There was no trial or investigation of the charges so far as I know or have understood.

JAS. W. GILLESPIE,

Colonel Forty-third Regiment Tennessee Volunteers.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States of America:

Your petitioners, the undersigned citizens of Bradley County, Tenn., humbly represent and show unto your excellency that Levi Trewhitt, who is now as they understand confined in Mobile as a prisoner of war, is one of the old, influential citizens of Bradly County, Tenn. ; that he is about sixty-five years of age and has been for the past few years afflicted with paralysis and as they now understand is sick and in the hospital at Mobile. They further state that said Trewhitt was a very useful man at home. We therefore pray that said Levi Trewhitt be released from said confinement upon his becoming a loyal citizen and taking an oath to support the constitution of the Confederate States of America; and as in duty bound will ever pray, &amp;c.

WILLIAM GRANT.

T. L. HOYL.

JNO B. HOYL.

[And 31 others.]

We. the undersigned officers in the Confederate service, fully concur with the above petitioners.

D. M. KEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

[JAMES W.] GILLESPIE,

Colonel Regiment Tennessee Volunteers.

[And 16 others.]

STATE OF TENNESSEE,

Bradley County:

Personally appeared before me, the undersigned, an acting justice of the peace and duly authorized to adminster oaths within and for the county and State aforesaid, John Blackburn, a man of undoubted truth and veracity and entitled to credit when on oath, and made oath in due for of law that at and about the time the rebellion in East Tennessee took place and about the time that it was understood that Clift was encamped with a regiment of men for the purpose of going to the State of Kentucky there was some disquietude in the settlement in which he resided, and in consequence thereof a meeting of divers of the citizens was held for the purpose of taking steps in relation to the condition of the country,

