
some talking of going and joining Clift in his rebellion, and at said meeting Levi Trewhitt, who as he now understands in confined at Tuscaloosa or Mobile as a prisoner of war, was present and opposed all and everything that had any tendency toward rebellion and advised them to go on with their ordinary business and keep out of all rebellion and to keep away from Clift, and by the exertion and influence of said Trewhitt said settlement became quieted down and the citizens went on with their ordinary business he all the time opposing any rebellion whatever, and none of said neighbors and citizens went to Clift or into the rebellion to the knowledge of affiant.

JOHN BLACKBURN.

Sworn to and subscribed before me this 16th day of January, 1862, and I certify that the said John Blackburn is a man of Undoubted truth and veracity.

J. B. HUMPHREYS,

Justice of the Peace for Bradley County, Tenn.

STATE OF TENNESSEE,

Bradley County:

Personally appeared before me, the undersigned, an acting justice of the peace and duly authorized to administer oaths within and for the said county of Bradley and State of Tennessee, Edmund Ramsey, a man of undoubted truth and veracity and entitled to credit when on oath, and made oath in due form of law that, in the summer of 1861, there was a company of men organized in the settlement where he resided who called themselves as home guards, furnishing their own arms, &amp;c., and after General Zollicoffer issued a proclamation requesting said companies to stop drilling, Levi Trewhitt, whom he now understands to be confined in Tuscaloosa or Mobile as a prisoner of war, used his exertions and influence to get said company to cease drilling and by the aid of his exertions and influence said company was procured to cease drilling and obey said proclamation; and further states that at or about the time it was understood that Clift was encamped with a regiment of men in Hamilton County about forty miles distant on the north side of Tennessee River there was some disquietude among the citizens in the settlement where he resided and a meeting of some of the citizens for the purpose of taking steps, and a different meeting from the one in the settlement of G. R. and Benjamin Hambright as to going an adjoining the said Clift, and at said meeting said Levi Trewhitt opposed everything that had any tendency toward a rebellion, and advised the persons there assembled to keep out of said rebellion and not to join or go to Clift but to go on with their ordinary business, and by the aid of said Trewhitt's exertions and influence said disquietude was suppressed and said persons procured to go on with their business, and no person to affiant's knowledge went to said Clift or into the rebellion in may manner.

E. RAMSEY.

Sworn to and subscribed before me the 16th day of January, 1862, and I certify that the said Edmund Ramsey is a man of undoubted truth and veracity.

J. B. HUMPHREYS,

Justice Bradley County, Tenn.

