
STATE OF TENNESSEE,

Bradley County:

Personally appeared before me, the undersigned, an acting justice of the peace and duly authorized to administer oaths within and for the county and State aforesaid, G. R. Hambright and Benjamin Hambright, men of undoubted truth and veracity and entitled to credit when on oath, and made oath in due form of law that at and about the time the rebellion was taking place in East Tennessee there was some disquietude in the settlement in which they resided in said county, and that there was some talk among the neighbors as to what they should do relative thereto and as to going and joining Clift who they understood was encamped for the purpose of going to Kentucky and consequently a meeting of divers of the citizens for the purpose of taking steps in the premises, and affiants learning that fact went to the residence of Levi Trewhitt whom they understand now to be confined at Tuscaloosa or Mobile as a prisoner of war and procured him to go and be where these said persons were to assemble, who did go to said place and there opposed every thing or movement that had any tendency to a rebellion in East Tennessee and through his influence and exertions the people in said settlement wee quieted and all tendency to rebel in said settlement was put down by his advising them against rebellion and to go on with their ordinary business and let Clift and his rebellion alone and keep themselves out of rebellion, and thereby the citizens went on with their ordinary business and none went into the rebellion to the knowledge of affiants.

BENJAMIN HAMBRIGHT.

G. R. HAMBRIGHT.

Sworn to and subscribed before me the 16th day of January, 1862, and I certify that the said G. R. Hambright and Benjamin Hambright are both men of undoubted truth and veracity.

J. B. HUMPHREYS,

Juctice of the Peace for Bradley County, Tenn.

STATE OF TENNESSEE,

Bradley County:

Personally appeared before me, Joseph H. Davis, an acting justiced duly authorized to administer oaths within and for the county and State aforesaid, Welcome Beard and made oath in due form of law that about the time that he understood that there was a rebellion in East Tennessee and that about the time he understood that Clift was encamped with a regiment of men in Hamilton County on the north side of the Tennessee River about twenty-three miles from the settlement of affiant for the purpose of going to the State of Kentucky there was some disquietude in the settlement of affiant and a meeting of divers persons near to affiant for the purpose of taking steps in relation to the rebellion, and affiant saw Levi Trewhitt whom he now understands in confined at Tuscaloosa or Mobile as a prisoner of war and held a private conversation with him who stated that he was opposed to all rebellion, and when they went where the crowd was affiant proposed that the said Levi Trewhitt make a speech to the crowd relative to what they had best do, and then the said Trewhitt gave them a talk in which he advised them all to keep out of all rebellion and go on with their ordinary business and by the aid and influence of

