
said Trewhitt every person there assembled was procured and did agree to keep out of all rebellion and keep away from Clift and his rebellion and go on with their ordinary business, and the said Trewhitt especially advised them to keep out of Clift's rebellion.

WELCOME BEARD.

Sworn to and subscribed before me the 17th day of January, 1862, and I certify that the said Welcome Beard is a man of undoubted truth and veracity.

JOS. H. DAVIS,

Justice of the Peace for Bradley County, Tenn.

STATE OF TENNESSEE,

Bradley County:

Personally appeared before me, Joseph H. Davis, an acting justice of the peace for the county of Bradley and duly authorized to administer oaths within and for the county and State aforesaid, Alexander A. Clingan and made oath in due form of law that at or about the time of the rebellion in East Tennessee and at the time he understood that Clift was encamped in Hamilton County on the north side of Tennessee River about twenty-four miles from the residence of affiant Levi Trewhitt, whom affiant now understands to be confined at Tuscaloosa or Mobile as a prisoner of war, came by where affiant was and procured afiant to go with him to where some persons were to assemble for the purpose of talking steps as to what they should to and to assist him in suppressing anything that might occur tending to a rebellion and affiant did go. At said meeting the said Trewhitt made a speech or talk to the persons there assembled and advised them to keep out of all rebellion and especially to keep out of the Clift rebellion and to go on with their ordinary business and by the aid and assistance of the sid Trewhitt said persons all agreed and promised to keep out of all rebellion and go on with their ordinary business.

A. A. CLINGAN.

Sworn to and subscribed before me the 17th day of January, 1862, and I certify that the said Alexander A. Clingan is a man of undoubted truth and veracity.

JOSEPH H. DAVIS,

Justice of the Peace for Bradley County, Tenn.

CANNON'S STORE, January 20, 1862.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States of America:

We, the undersigned petitioners, humbly request that E. Hodges and W. E. Hodges, citizens of Sevier County, Tenn., and who were sent to the military prison at Tuscaloosa and are as we understand now at Mobile, Ala., be released from prison and set at liberty by their giving full assurances of their loyalty to the State of Tennessee and the Confederate States. We also believe that the said Hodges have fully atoned for the crimes they have committed and that justice if fully satisfied in their cases. We, your petitioners, would further representant that men more guilty than they have been released and nolle prosequi

