
entered in their cases merely by their giving bond for their good behavior; and we would represent to you that the Hodges are men whose families are in straitened circumstances and those to whom clemency has been shown are in quite affluent circumstances.

We, the undersigned petitioners, would also represent to you that we are men that have in no way favored the late attempt at rebellion in Eastern Tennessee but have been contending and laboring for the cause of the South both before and since the difficulties have been upon our country, and we would further state that we ask not for their release upon any personal grounds but merely that even-handed justice be meted out to all alike. And your humble petitioners will ever pray, &amp;c.

REND BIRDWELL.

JAMES W. CHAMBERS.

W. H. CANNON.

D. O. McCROSKY.

E. L. MULLENDORE.
HEADQUARTERS,Knoxville, Tenn., January 21, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General, Richmond, Va.

SIR: * * * Outwardly the country remains sufficiently quiet but it is filled with Union men who continue to talk sedition and who are evidently waiting only for a safe opportunity to act out their rebellious sentiments. If such men are arrested by the military the Confederate State courts take them by writ of habeas corpus and they are released under bond to keep the peace; all which is satisfactory in a theoretical point of view but practically fatal to the influence of military authority and to the peace of the country. It seems not unlikely that every prisoner now in our hands might or will be thus released by the Confederate court even after being condemned by court-martial to be held as prisoners of war.

It is reported to-day that several fragmentary companies recruiting in different counties ostensibly for the service of the Confederate States have suddenly disappeared; gone to Kentucky.

It is confidently hoped that the bridge over the Holston at Union will be completed in the current month.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

D. LEADBETTER,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Knoxville, January 26, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.

SIR: It is thought here that the fugitives from General Crittenden's army may not exceed 1,000 total. * * * The people here are anxious lest the two regiments of East Tennessee known to be with the enemy should enter the northern counties of Scott, Campbell, &c., all disloyal, raise those counties in more open rebellion, destroy the bridges and inaugurate a civil war. Those regiments broken up into companies might move from Somerset without commissariat and through

