
the mountain paths as they have always done in the opposite direction. The moment they get into the State they are surrounded by friends and the railroad line and the Government packing establishments are endangered. * * *

The Department is well aware of my opinion as to the political condition of East Tennessee. Only a little aid and comfort are needed to place it in open hostility to the Government.

If troops can by possibility be spared two or three additional regiments should be held disposable here or be so placed as to hold the northern counties in check.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. LEADBETTER,

Colonel, Commanding.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., January 27, 1862.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President Confederate States of America.

SIR: The Army of the Cumberland is utterly routed and demoralized. The result is regarded with the profoundest solicitude. * * * There is now no impediment whatever but bad roads and natural obstacles to prevent the enemy from entering East Tennessee and destroying the railroads and putting East Tennessee in a flame of revolution.

Nothing but the appointment to the command of a brave, skillful and able general who has the popular confidence will restore tone and discipline to the army and confidence to the people. * * * Cannot you, Mr. President, right the wrong by the immediate presence of a new and able man?

Yours, truly,

LANDON C. HAYNES.

OFFICE OF DEPUTY PROVOST-MARSHAL,

Athens, Tenn., January 27, 1862.

Colonel JOHN E. TOOLE, Provost-Marshal, Knoxville, Tenn.

DEAR SIR: I am gratified to hear that the thirty-nine caught in the mountains are dying. It is better for the country and better for posterity that they should die young-that is, as young as they are. The Captain Pierce who was conducting them hence is again in these parts. He was recently in Meigs and McMinn operating for more recruits. He told an old lady whose son he got into that unfortunate gang all about his affairs and made many apologies for letting her son get caught. She betrays him and if I had six or eight good cavalry I think I could get him. He has a partner by the name of Matthews in the same neighborhood whom I will try to get.

I suggest that as the conscripts have not been run out of Monroe County yet you try to get Captain Clark's cavalry company belonging to Colonel Ashby's regiment detailed for Captain Hicks and let me borrow a few men from him occasionally. If not this some other company. My vineyard is getting a little foul again. Last Friday I hired a horse and rode out to Dixon's factory and arrested two conscripts (one of them old Dixon's son) whom he had got detailed to guard his factory, and they were doing so by sleeping in the building. I over-

