
hauled that concern pretty thoroughly, searched the house and Dixon's residence for arms which were reported to me as being concealed there. I have no doubt that old Dixon and all he has connected with him are doing all they can for Lincoln.

I arrested his boss for saying that the next morning after the Holston and Watauga bridges were burnt a man said to him: "Well, there is good news. " "What is it?" said he. "All the railroad bridges are burnt from the Georgia line to the Virginia line except the one at Loudon. " He denied that he told that such a thing had been said by him and when I proved to his face that he had told this story he said he could not recollect who the man was. I took him before a magistrate and made him swear that he could not recollect who the man was. I let him go because the factory was spinning gun-cotton for the Government so they said and it could not run if he was taken away. He is there yet and thinks he is safe. What ought to be done with such a devil and with the whole set?

I will see about the cattle driving from Charleston. Cannot you send me copies of factory bonds? There are wagons slipping off from this county to Kentucky. I hear of it after they are gone. Buch inquires about his account.

Your obedient servant,

JNO M. CARMACK,

Captain and Deputy Provost-Marshal.

CONGRESS HALL, January 28, 1862.

Honorable ROBERT OULD, Assistant Secretary of War:

The friends of the State prisoners from East Tennessee confined at Tuscaloosa or Mobile are very desirous of having their cases acted upon promptly by the Department. May I ask you early attention to the subject.

Yours,

THOMAS M. JONES.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, February 4, 1862.

Honorable L. C. HAYNES, Knoxville, Tenn.

SIR: On the 28th of January last Brigadier-General Withers was directed to release Samuel Hunt with other political prisoners upon their taking the oath of allegiance to the Confederate States.

Your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, February 24, 1862.

TO THE MEMBERS OF THE TENNESSEE DELEGATION IN THE CONGRESS.

GENTLEMAN: When a body of traitors a few months ago combined to wage war against the Government in Eastern Tennessee a number

