
[No date.]

I submit to Colonel W. M. Churchwell, provost-marshal for East Tennessee, the following conversation of Captain Fry now a prisoner. I was placed in charge of the wife of said Fry to conduct her no her husband and allow her to communicate with him: Among other things spoken of by said Fry he was directing his wife how to dispose of his property. He told her that Colonel Carter would see that she got his wages, remarking that there was $1,000* due him aside from his wages. I then made him explain how the $1,000 extra came to be due him. He then told me that General Thomas had agreed to pay him $1,000 to come to East Tennessee. He did not tell on what business he came.

Respectfully, submitted, &amp;c.

A. C. BLEVINS,

Captain, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, April 2, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, C. S. Army.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that David Fry, arrested while attempting at the head of some forty others to make his way from East Tennessee to Kentucky, is now in custody in the jail of this city with nineteen of his company taken at the same time. David Fry who claims to be in the employ of the Federal Government was the ringleader of the bridge-burners who perpetrated such outrages in this State in November last. The depositions of two men who were with him on the night of the 8th of November conclusively show this and a private diary found on his person at the time of his arrest confirms their testimony. I beg to be informed what proceedings are to be held in his case which should be quickly disposed of. His speedy trial as a spy and traitor followed by the extreme penalty incurred would have a most salutary effect in this quarter.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.

APRIL 17, 1862.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

I understand that Michael Myers is expected in Richmond with a petition for release of Jake Myers, one of the parties engaged in burning Lick Creek bridge in East Tennessee taken in Lee County, Va., on his way to Kentucky; also for the release of Daniel Smith. The former Secretary having been imposed upon by irresponsible persons in several flagrant cases established the rule not to act on such cases without consulting the member of the House of Representatives from the district. I hope that this man will not be released and that the present head of the Department will adopt the same rule.

Very respectfully,

J. B. HEISKELL.

---------------

* See Thomas to McClellan, p. 889.

---------------

56 R R-SER II, VOL I

