
JONESBOROUGH, TENN., April 28, 1862.

Colonel W. M. CHURCHWELL, Provost-Marshal.

SIR: My mission to Mrs. Johnson was unsatisfactory. She said she would not go North but Judge Patterson and her son Charles have assured me that she would go. You will please state what goods and chattels she will be allowed to take with her; also how much money and if you are willing that her son Charles shall accompany her. He is a young unmarried gentleman and I think should go with his mamma. Mrs. Carter will go unhesitatingly but has a sick child just now but can go in a few days. She says she has not the funds. She is in bad health and must take a nurse with her, a slave. You will answer by 12 o'clock.

A. J. CAMPBELL.

JONESBOROUGH, [April] 30, 1862.

Colonel W. M. CHURCHWELL:

Mrs. Johnson, her two sons, Mrs. Carter and her two children will leave to-morrow night for Norfolk. You will send passports, transportation for myself and everything else that is necessary. Send them by the conductor of the next train; if otherwise I will not get them in time. Also send me $50.

A. J. CAMPBELL.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL,

Knoxville, Tenn., May 14, 1862.

Captain J. F. BELTON, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

By direction of the major-general commanding allow me respectfully to report the circumstances attending the arrest of William Galbraith and J. M. Meek who with others were sent to Tuscaloosa, Ala. A short time before their arrest a large number of deluded citizens mostly young men from the neighborhood of Galbraith and Meek (New Market, Jefferson County, East Tenn.) stampeded and started to Kentucky to join the enemy. They were intercepted by Captain Ashby's cavalry (Campbell County) and after a fight 400 were captured. From some of those prisoners information was obtained corroborating other statements orally made that caused the arrest of Galbraith and Meek with others. Inclosed marked A is a copy* of statements on file in this officer showing the immediate cause of the arrests, and B* and C* since their arrests, and also statements* in their favor marked [illegible.]

A letter from two of Mr. Galbraith's friends inclosing one from his wife asks his release and makes the following statement in their letter: "We know that he (Galbraith) has been a Union man and perhaps in many instances disloyal to the Confederate Government. " They then go on to state that they do not belive he had anything to do with the late stampede. Many responsible men have indorsed verbally the charges against Galbraith and Meek. That they are disloyal citizens none I believe pretend to deny and while some are fearless enough to commit themselves on paper as you will see by the inclosed original letter marked B* it may be well to remark that in this disaffected section of the country it is difficult to obtain tangible proof such as is desirable, but circumstantial evidence almost equal to

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

