
a demonstration may be had to convict the leaders who are solely to blame for the disloyalty of the masses. Having been for years their political leaders in whom they were in the habit of confiding it is not strange they will readily hear and belive what is said to them, the edicts of those leaders being their only means of communication. The masses generally are not well informed and really excite pity more than blame for their course of conduct. A change can hardly be effected without removing or destroying the influence of those well-known, unsound leaders throughout East Tennessee who are responsible for the deep disaffection. It has been the aim of the provost-marshal as he understood it to be the desire of the major-general commanding to make the masses and their leaders understand that the Government has power to enforce its laws and at the same time to conciliate as far as the interest of the Government would allow to use the power discreetly, justly but firmly.

I am, captain, very respectfully,

[W. M. CHURCHWELL,]

Colonel and Provost-Marshal.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL,

May 14, 1862.

Mrs. ROBERT K. BYRD.

MADAM: Will it suit your convenience to visit Kentucky next week as formerly proposed by private conveyance to Cumberland Gap with proper escort? It is important to you as well as others. The colonel has been quite sick, but I learn has recovered and joined his regiment now at Cumberland Ford.

Very respectfully,

[W. M. CHURCHWELL,]

Colonel and Provost-Marshal.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL,

Knoxville, Tenn., May 15, 1862.

ROBERT B. RHEA,

Deputy Provost-Marshal, Blountsville?

Yours of the 14th instant to hand. It would be well to see that all men that have attempted to stampede to Kentucky will take the oath before they whall be recognized as citizens; and if they refuse to do so and you are convinced that they have attempted to join the enemy then it is your duty to arrest them and report the same to these headquarters. * * *

W. M. CHURCHWELL,

Colonel and Provost-Marshal.

OFFICE DEPUTY PROVOST-MARSHAL,

Elizabethton, Tenn., May 19, 1862.

Colonel W. M. CHURCHWELL, Provost-Marshal.

DEAR SIR: A few days since I communicated with Mrs. Johnson and Mrs. Carter in reference to their departure for the Federal lines. Colonel Dan. Stover called on me yesterday and stated that Mrs. Johnson's

