
health was still very poor with no prospect of improvement shortly if ever. I have consulted with several physicians who state that Mrs. Johnson is consumptive and to remove her will probably cause her death. She is very anxious to remain here with her children and is not at all desirous to go the boson of "Andy. " I called on Mrs. Carter a few moments since. Two of her children are a little sick now but will be well in a few days. She is anxious to go to her husband and if allowed to take a nurse she will go much more cheerfully. She says she won't go a step till her children get well enough to travel and till she is allowed to carry a nurse to assist her with the children. She prefers going by Cumberland Gap. I think Mrs. Johnson's health is not likely to improve; so if she has to go now is as good a time as any. These people are very quiet now. A great many gladly circulate false rumors in relation to Federal victories but I can't find out the originators of such stories.

* * * * * * *

Very respectfully,

W. M. STRINGFIELD,

Deputy Provost-Marshal.

Union Designs in East Tennessee. - Failure to Arm and Support the Insurrectionists.

[For military reports, orders, correspondence, etc., having relation to these events, but not found herein, see "Revolt of the Unionists in East Tennessee, "Series I, Vol. IV, p. 230 et seq. ; also, Vol. VII, same series, p. 439 et seq.]
HEADQUARTERS,Camp Dick Robinson, September 30, 1861.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,

Commanding Department of the Potomac.

GENERAL: I have just had a conversation with Mr. W. B. Carter of Tennessee on the subject of the destruction of the grand trunk railroad through that State. * He assures me that he can have it done if the Government will intrust him with a small sum of money to give confidence to the persons to be employed to do it. It would be one of the most important services that could be done for the county, and I most earnestly hope you will use your influnce with the authorities in furtherance of his plans which he will submit to you together with the reasons for doing the work.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

NEAR MONTGOMERY, MORGAN COUNTY, TENN.,

October 22, 1861. (Received November 4.)

Brigadier-General THOMAS.

SIR: I reached here at 2 p. m. to-day. I am within six miles of a company of rebel cavalry. I find our Union people in this part of the State

---------------

* See p. 881 for statement of A. C. Blevins.

---------------

