
CONFEDERATE CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.

RICHMOND, Va., July 30, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER, Secretary of War, C. S. A.

HONORABLE SIR: In complying with the request of General Earl Van Dorn, C. S. Army, be reporting in person to you, I desire to solicit at yours hands an extension of my present parole to the limits of the original United States.

In this application I beg to call your attention to the fac that I was made a prisoner of war by the simple accident of my position, having been as an officer of the regular army stationed in Texas at the time of the stipulations between its Government and General Twiggs; and that a similar parole to that which I now ask has been granted to other officers made prisoners in Texas under similar circumstances. For more than five years past, with the exception of the three months I have been held a prisoner, I have been on active duty in that country. My health has been injured from the effects of wound received in an Indian engagement there, and my present position in rendered more embarrassing by my pecuniary means of support having become exhausted without the possibility of my supplying myself with more.

While I do not shrink from any of the consequences of my situation, yet I must in justice to myself say that a political relationship has been wrongly given me while simply engaged in the faithful discharge of duties to the whole country. I trust, sir, that you will think it proper to extend to me this request, in which event condition of my parole shall be faithfully complied with however such parole is elsewhere regarded, and this whether dependent upon my official relations or otherwise.

With the highest respect, I am, sir, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Lieutenant, U. S. Army.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF TEXAS, Numbers 52. San Antonio, Tex., August 7, 1861.

Hereafter the officers of the U. S. Army now held as prisoners of war in this city will be paid by the chief quartermaster at these headquarters the usual communication allowance for quarters and fuel, and upon their pay accounts all allowance except pay proper and service rations.

By order of General Van Dorn:

T. A. WASHINGTON,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General, C. S. Army.

GENERAL ORDERS, GALVESTON, TEX., September 18, 1861. Numbers 1.
* * * *

IV. Colonel McCulloch will order the removal of the prisoners of war from Camp Verde and place them for safety in detachments at the different posts of his command.

