
firm and unwavering in their devotion to our Government to our Government and anxious to have an opportunity to assist in saving it. The rebels continue to arrest and imprison our people.

You will please furnish the bearers with as much lead, rifle powder and as may caps as they can bring for Scott and Morgan Counties. You need not fear to turst these people. They will open the war for you by routing these small bodies of marauding cavalry.

* * * * * * *

I am obliged to send this note unsealed.

In haste, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. BLOUNT CARTER.

NEAR KINGSTON, ROANE COUNTY, TENN.,

October 27, 1861. (Received November 4.)

General THOMAS.

SIR: I am now within a few miles of our railroad but I have not yet had time to obtain all the information I must have before I decide on the course best for me to adopt. If I can get half a dozen brave men to "take the bull by the horns" we can whip them completely and save the railroad. If I cannot get such leaders we will make a desperate attempt to destroy all the bridges and I firmly believe I will be successful.

* * * * * * *

This whole country is in a wretched condition; a perfect despotism reigns here. The Union men of East Tennessee arelonging and praying for the hour when they can break their fetters. The loyalty of our people increases with the oppressions they have to bear. Men and women weep for joy when I merely hint to them that the day of our deliverance is at hand. I have not seen a secession flag since I entered the State. I beg you to hasten on to our help as we are about to create a great diversion in General McClellan's favor. It seems to me if you would ask it he would spare you at once 5,000 or 10,000 well-drilled troops. Will you not ask for more help?

I know you will excuse a civillia for making suggestions to a military man when you remember that I am risking my lefe and that I am about to ask my people to do the same. I find more deficiency in arms in this part of East Tennessee than I expected. You must bring some small-arms with you. I am satisfied that you will have to take the road by Monticello and Jamestown unless you come by Cumberland Gap.

I can assure you that whoever is the leader of a successful expedition into East Tennessee will receive from these people a crown of glory of which any one might well be proud, and I know of no one on whom I would more cheerfully bestow that crown than on yourself.

I regret that I can give you no more information but I will communicate with you as circumstances may require. Perhaps it would be well for you to let General McClellan know that I have reached East Tennessee as I know he is very anxious for my success.

I write in great haste but believe you may rely on all I have written.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. BLOUNT CARTER.

