HEADQUARTERS EAST TENNESSEE BRIGADE,Camp Calvert, November 12, 1861.

Brigadier General GEORGE H. THOMAS, U. S. Army.

DEAR GENERAL: * * * Yesterday I sent forty-five pounds rifle powder, fifty pounds lead and twenty boxes rifle caps into East Tennessee for the Union men. I borrowed the whole from Colonel Garrard. Will you have the kindness to have rifle powder forwarded to me not only to return that borrowed but also for further distribution among the mountain men? The ammunition sent yesterday was to be delivered to the men mentioned by my brother in his letter to you. Lead and caps are also needed.

We thank you, general, for your assurance that as soon as you can you will move toward East Tennessee. Our men and officers have entire confidence in you and shall be most happy to see you in our midst. If the reports made to me to-day are true-and they seem to be reliable-we might get possession of the mountain passes without loss or even opposition. Do you not think so?

I am persuaded you will do what is right and proper.

With respect,

S. P. CARTER,

Acting Brigadier-General. comdg. East Tennessee Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS EAST TENNESSEE BRIGADE,Camp Calvert, November 16, 1861.

Brigadier General GEORGE H. THOMAS, U. S. Army,

Commanding, &amp;c., Crab Orchard, Ky.

GENERAL: My brother William has just arrived from East Tennessee and the news he brings I think os so much importance that I will dispatch a special messenget to convey it to you. My brother left Roane County near Kingston on Monday night last. He reports that on Friday night, 8th instnat, of last week he succeeded in having burned at least six and perhaps eight bridges on the railroad, viz: Union bridge in Sullivan County, near the Virginia line; Lick Creek bridge in Greene County; Strawberry Plains in Jefferson County, fifteen miles east of Knoxville, partially destroyed; Hiwasee bridge, seventy miles southwest of Knoxville and on the East Tennessee and Georgia Railroad; two bridges over the Chickamauga between Cleveland and Chattanooga and between Chattanooga and Dalton, Ga. These bridges are certainly destroyed. The Long Island bridge at Bridgeport on Tennessee River, and a bridge below Dalton on the Western Atlantic road are probably destroyed.

The consternation among the secessionists of East Tennessee is very great. The Union men are waiting with longing and anxiety for the appearance of Federal forces on the Cumberland Mountains and are all ready to rise up in defence of the Federal Government. My brother states that he has it from relaible sources that the rebels have but 15,000 men at Bowling Green many of them badly armed and poorly organized. The other 15,000 men are distributed at two other points in Southwestern Kentucky.

