
expedition. Our people are oppressed and pursued as beasts of the forest. The Government must come to their releif. We are looking to you with anxious solicitude to move in that direction.

ANDREW JOHNSON.

HORACE MAYNARD.

DECEMBER 8, 1861.

Honorable Mr. MAYNARD and Governor JOHNSON, of Tennessee,

Washington:

I have received your dispatch. I assure you I regognize no more imperative duty and crave no higher honor than that of rescuing our loyal friends in Tennessee whose sufferings and heroism I think I can appreciate. I have seen Colonel Carter and hope he is satisfied of this.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, December 8, 1861.

General GEORGE H. THOMAS.

GENERAL: * * * You are still farther from East Tennessee than when I left you nearly six weeks ago. There is shameful wrong somewhere; I have not yet satisfied myself where. That movement so far has been disgraceful to the country and to all concerned. I feel a sense of personal degradation from my own connection with it greater than from any other part of my public actions. My heart bleeds for these Tennessee troops. I learn they have not yet been paid and are left without either cavalry or atilery at London and not permitted to do what is their daily longing-go to the relief of their friends at home. With Nelson and the measles and blue-grass and nakedness and hunger and poverty and home-sickness the poor fellows have had a bitter experience since they left their homes to serve a Government which as yet has hardly given them a word of kindly recognition. The soldiers of all the other States have a home government to look after them. These have not and but for Carter who has been like a father to them they would have suffered still more severely. That they at times get discouraged and out of heart I do not wonder. My assurances to them have failed so often that I should be ashamed to look them in the face.

* * * * * * *

With renewed assurance of confidence and sympathy I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HORACE MAYNARD.

LOUISVILLE, KY., December 10, 1861.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,

Commanding U. S. Army.

MY DEAR FRIEND: As I informed you by telegraph I received your letters of the 3rd and 5th. I have by no means been unmindful of your wishes in regard to East Tennessee and I think I can both appreciate and unite in your sumpathy for a people who have shown so much constancy. That constantcy will still sustain them until the hour of deliver-

