
ance. I have no fear of their being crushed. The allegiance of such people to hated rulers even if it could be enforced for the moment will only make them the more determined and ready to resist when the hour of rescue comes.

The organization of the division at Lebanon has been with special reference to the object which you have so much at heart though fortunately it is one which suits any contingencies that can arise. I shall hasten its preparation with all the energy and industry I can bring to bear. The plans which I have in view embrace that fully.

* * * * * * *

Truly, yours,

D. C. BUELL.
HEADQUARTERS TWELFTH BRIGADE,Somerset, December 23, 1861. (Received 25th.)

Brigadier General GORGE H. THOMAS,

Commmanding First Division, Lebanon, Ky.

GENERAL: Captain Fry,* Company F, Second Regiment East Tennessee Volunteers, Was detailed for special service in October last by your orders and left for Tennessee in company with my borther, Rev. W. B. Carter. I fear that he has been captured by the rebels, and if not hat he is so environed by them as to leave but little hope of his being able to return to his regiment. His company is of course still without a captain. I wish your advice as to whether it will or will not be advisable under the circumstances to have the position filled by a new appointment. I write at the request of the colonel of the Second Regiment.

* * * * * * *

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. P. CARTER,

Acting Brigadier-General, Commanding Twelfth Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS,Washington, D. C., December 29, 1861.

Brigadier General D. C. BUELL, Louisville:

Johnson, Maynard, &amp;c., are again becoming frantic and have President Lincoln's sympathy excited. Political considerations would make it advisable to get the arms and troops into Eastern Tennessee at a very eary day; you are, however, the best judge. Can you tell me about when and in what force you will be in Eastern Tennessee? Is Schoepf competent? Do you wish any promotions made from your colonels? Better get the Eastern Tennessee arms and clothing into position for distribution as soon as possible. I will write you fully as soon as I am well enough. Please answer by telegraph.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

WASHINGTON, January 4, 1862.

General BUELL:

Have arms gone forward for East Tennessee? Please tell me the progress and condition of the movement in that direction. Answer.

A. LINCOLN.

---------------

* See Smith to Cooper, p. 881; also, Smith to Carter, p. 882.

---------------

