HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF TEXAS,San Antonio, February 26, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel L. THOMAS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Headquarters of the Army, &amp;c.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that in compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 22, Adjutant-General's Office, Washington, January 28, 1861, I assumed command of the Department of Texas on the 19th instant.

I send herewith by Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel D. T. Chandler, U. S. Army, a communication, dated the 19th instant, of Brevet Major-General Twiggs, giving a full account of the forcible entry into and occupation of this city by the troops of this State, on the 16th instant, together with the proceedings of the military commission therein referred to, and the papers connected with it. *

* * * * *

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. S. WAITE,

Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding Department.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF TEXAS, Numbers 36. San Antonio, February 27, 1861.

Department Special Orders, Numbers 32, of February 24, 1861, are modified as follows:

The garrisons of the posts above Fort Clark - viz, Fort Bliss, Fort Quitman, Fort Davis, Fort Stockton, Fort Lancaster, and Camp Hudson - instead of marching as therein directed, will march upon the coast as soon as the means of transportation shall be received by them.

The public property at the several posts, except what is expressly mentioned in Department General Orders, Numbers 5, and the circular of the commissioners on behalf of committee of public safety, under date of San Antonio, February 18, 1861, will be turned over to authorized agents of the State of Texas, who will give due and proper receipts for the same. Should, however, any agent on the part of the State fail to appear or any one refuse to give the proper receipts, the commanding officer will call a board of survey, with instructions to make inventories of the property to be abandoned. (See General Orders, Numbers 22, of 1859, from the War Department.)

By order of Colonel C. S. Waite:

W. A. NICHOLS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 5. Washington, March 1, 1861.

The following order is published for the information of the Army:

WAR DEPARTMENT,

March 1, 1861.

By the direction of the President of the United States, it is ordered that Brigadier General David E. Twiggs, major-general by brevet, be, and is hereby, dismissed from the Army of the United States for his treachery to the flag of his country in having sur-

---------------

*See report of Twiggs and inclosures, p. 2, et seq.

---------------

