
In my previous letter I set down three divisions (say 30,000 effective men) as the force that would be required for East Tennessee, two to penetrate the country and one to keep open communications. I believe that is the least force that will suffice and if ought to be able establish itself promplty before it can be anticipated by a force of the enemy sufficient to make the result doubtful. With railroads coverging from the east, west and south it ought not to be difficult for them to get a pretty fromidable force in that country in ten days. * * *

For the reasons I have stated I have been forced reluctantly to the conviction that an advance into East Tennessee is impracticable at this time on any scale which will be sufficient. I have ordered General Carter's brigade to move on the Gap but I fear very much that even that will be compelled to fall back for supplies such is the condition of the roads over which they have to be hauled.

* * * *

Truly, yours,

D. C. BUELL.

Arest of Dr. William G. Brownlow for Treason, and his Subsequent Explusion from the Confederate States.

FRIDAY, November 22, 1861.

General W. H. CARROLL:

Having understood that you are to be placed in command of Knoxille in a few days I desire to make a statement to you the truth of which I am willing to swear to before any tribunal.

I left home on the 14th of this instant to attend the chancery court at Maryville and to go Sevierville to collect fees due me for advertising and I in part succeeded. I have only been in Blount and Sevier Counties. I have not been in any body of armed men or in any way connected with the arming of any man or getting up any force whatever. I left home and have remained away at the earnest and repeated solicitations of my family who insisted they would be more secure in my absence. Certain troops came daily on my portico and in front of my house; drew out and flourshid side-arms and sometimes presented muskets threatening my life. I was told that they were under the command of an Alabama officer by the name of Wood and that he was prejudiced against me. I don't know how this is. As regards bridge-burning I never had an intimation of any such purpose from any quarter at any time and when I heard of the burning of the bridges on the Saturday night after it occurred I was utterly astonished. I condemn the act most unqualifiedly and regard it as an illtimed measure calculated to bring no good to any one or any party but much harm to innocent men and to the public.

When I togther with fifteen or twenty other men signed a communication to General Zollicoffer which was published in all the Tennessee papers pledging ourselves to advise peace and to oppose all attempts at rebellion and such outrages as bridge-burning I acted in good faith and I have kept that faith; and had a knowledge of any purpose to burn the bridges been communicated to me I should have felt bound in all honor and good conscience to have disclosed the fact to the chief officers of the roads; and if I wee at liberty to bring out one issue of my paper I would state all these facts to the public more in detail and more nervous terms.

