
I am willing and ready at any time to stand a trial upon these or any other points before any civil tribunal but I protest against being turned over to an infuriated mob of armed men filled with prejudices by my bitterest enemies.

This communication will be handed you by my friend Colonel [John] Williams who is favorably know to you.

I am, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

W. G. BROWNLOW.
HEADQUARTERS,Knoxville, November 26, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War:

It is important that steam power should be secured for the purpose

of driving the machinery necessity in the alteration of arms. I therefore took possession of the printing establishment of Brownlow. The steam-engine and building are suitable for our purposes and it was the only one that could be procured here. Brownlow has left and no certain information of his whereabouts can be obtained; it is however certain that he is aiding and abetting our enemies. I have assured his sons who profess to have the establishment to a Mr. Braxter that full indemnity for the use of the establishment would be paid by the Government. I have every assurance that the sale of Baxter was a false one and feel that Baxter is not reliable in his loyalty to our Government.

* * * *

With high respect, your obedient servnat,

WM. H. CARROLL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Knoxville, November 28, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War:

I have received a note from Brownlow stating that he would come in if I would guarantee no personal violence. He has not been with any armed troops. Will send copy of his letter.

WM. H. CAROLL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Knoxville, November 28, 1861.

Reverend Doctor BROWNLOW.

SIR: It is my business here to afford protection to all citizens who are loyal to the Confederate States and I shall use all the force at my command to that end. You may be fully assured that you will meet with no personal violence be returning to your home and if you can establish what you say in your letter of the 22nd instant you shall have every opportunity to do so before the civil tribunal if necessary provided you have committed no act that will make if necessary for the military law to take cognizance. I desire that every loyal citizen

