
My completitorm, Mr. Baxter, who received not 500 votes in the district was at Richmond while I was myself there and it may be that his counsels prevailed in the matter and the order for Brownlow's passport was induced by his arguments or persuasions. I certainly advised no such policy.

A word or two more: In one coutny of East Tennessee (Scoutt) the Starts and Stripes have been hosited within a few days past. Our few friends there have been seized and taken into Kentucky by emmissaries from the Lincoln camps and these emissaries were guided and directed by a man who was recently discharged at Nashville by Mr. Benjamin's order at the instance of Mr. Baxter and others whose co-operation he was infuential enough to secure. Will we never be done with such policy?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. G. SWAN.

[Inclosure.]

KNOXVILLE, TENN., December 7, 1861.

Honorable JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President Confederate States of America.

SIR: The Confederate civil authorities here had Mr. Brownlow arrested last evening under a charge of treason. He is now in jail. It is understood that parties in this place are taking or perhaps have already taken measures to apply for executive clemency in his behalf and turn him at large or transfer him under a military escort to the enemy's lines in Kentucky. To this course we enter our most respectul but decided protest and remonstrance.

During the whole summer and fall the civil military power of your Government has arrested, tried, convicted and punished (in some cases capitally in others with more leniency) the poor and insignificant dupes of Brownlow's treasonable teachings and example. A carload of these ignorant tories was sent this morning to Tuscaloosca, Ala. ; and now the proposition to release the prime mover and instigator of all this rebellion against the South and Tennessee and send him, an authorized emissary, to the headquarters of the enemy dignified with an escort of our Tennessee soldiery has started this community, embracing in the number citizens and most of the army here. The feeling of indignation at the bare effort his release is much intensified by the fact which as it may not be fully known at Richmond we take leave to bring to your attention, viz, that the prisoner shortly before the burning of our railroad bridges and other acts of incendiarism and disloylty had left town and visited Blount and Sevier Counties, the residence of the malcontents who are know as the incendiares, and the suspicion is widely entertained that he prompted and instigated that and other atrocities. This peregrination into the most disloyal and disaffected neighborhoods makes him the more familiar with the extent of the di-their plans, purposes, &amp;c.

A more dangerous and more capable emissary could not be found in the Southern Confederacy to stimulate invasion of Tennessee and advise and carry into effect every kind of mischief. His arrival in Kentucky and Lincoln generally would be hailed as a greater achievement that the capture of Zollicoffer and his brave troops.

We do not deem it necessary to enlarge further on the subject but we earnestly advise against the proposed release and transportation to

