
[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

MARYVILLE, December 17, 1861.

General J. C. RAMSEY.

DEAR SIR: At your request I state that in conversation with William G. Brownlow on the first Monday of November at the ford of Little River in Blount County I asked him for the news at Knoxville. He remarked that his son John had just returned from Nashville and that the Federals had entire possession of Missouri; that Jeff. Thompson was in Memphis; that they (the Federals) would soon have possession of Nashville and Clarksville, and Knowville would be destroyed. The above is the purport and as well as I now recollect the language used.

Your, friend,

JAS. M. TOOLE.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

MURDER WILL OUT.

[From the Knoxville Whig. May 25, 1861.]

A secret of some importance has been cautiously communicated to this city form Alabama by a man not likely to be deceived. The same facts in substance have been intursted to a most estimate individual here under the solem injuction of secrecy for a specified time. There are now three other gentlemen besides ourselves and they are men of high positions who know the facts and have the evidence of them. This stupendous and appalling conspiracy amounts to this:

Johnson, Nelson, Baxter, Temple, Trigg, Maynard, Brownlow and George W. Bridges are to be arrested after the election in June by a military force and taken in irons to Montgomery and either punished for treason or held as hostages to guarance the guiet surrender of the Union men of East Tennessee.

The facts of his conspiracy against the rights of America citizens together with the names of those concerned in urging it on, all, will be left in the hands of reliable, bold an fearless men who will make them public at the proper time. The thousands of Union men of East Tennessee devoted to principale and to the rights and liberaties of those who fall at the hands of these conspirators will be expected to avenge their wrongs. Let the railroad on which Union citizens of East Tennessee are conveyed to Motgomery in irons be eternally and hopelessly destroyed. Let the property of the men concerned be cousumed and let their lives pay the forfeit and the names will be given. Let the fires of patriotic vengeance be buit upon the Union altars of the whole land and let them go out where these conspirators live like the fires from the Lord that consumed Nadab and Abihu, the two sons of Aaron, for presumption less sacrlegious. If we are incarcerated at Montgomery or executed there or even elsewhere all the consolation we want is to know that our partisan friends have visited upon our persecutors, certain secession leaders, a most horrible vengeance. Let it be done, E, though the gates of hell be forced and the heavens be made to fall.

In disclosing this bold and deep-laid plot against the liberties of freemen we have not intended a sensation article. Some may smile at its alleged senseless absurdity but we are not alone in putting forth these facts. We most solemly implore our friends throughout East

