
Tennessee as they regard our welfare and as they cherish principles for which we are likely battling not to molest any person or property in advance of an attack upon any of us but to hold themselves in readiness for action, action. As yet the consipracy is onluy partially revealed, the murder partly out; the maks will be taken off in due time. We are not in possession of the names of any confederates and abettors outside of the limits of East Tennessee though some have been closeted with East Tennesseeans and the details of their plans agreed upon. Again in the name of everything sacred we ask for ourselves and those threatened with us that no more shall be made by our friends toward injuring the person or property of any living man or existing corporation until further dvelopments are made; and then let every brve man act and let all act together. Thanks be to God for the vigilance of some true men and for their promptness in making communications. A Union man of high character who will disguise himself and travel hundreds of miles at his own expense to serve true men to him personally unknow deserves to be immortalized and to live forver.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

[From the Knoxville Whig. October 26, 1861.]

This issue of the Whig must necessarily be the last for some time to come; I am unable to say how long. The Confederace authorities have determined upon my arrest and I am to be indicted before the grand jury of the Confederate court which commenced its session in Nashvile on Monday last. I would have awaited the indictment and arrest before announcing the remarkable event to the word but as I only publish a weekly paper my hurried removal to Nashville would deprive me of the privilege of saying to my subscribers what is alike due to myself and them. I have the fact of my indictment and consequent arrest having been agreed upon for this week from distinguished citizens, legislators and lawyers at Nashville of both parties. Gentlemen of high mbers of the secession party say that the indictment will be made because of

'some treasonable articles in late numbers of the Whig". I have produced these two "treasonable articles" on the first page of this issue that the unbiased people of the country may "read, mark, learn and inwardlly digest" the treason. They relate to the culpable remissness of these Knoxville leaders in failing to volunteer in the cause of the Confederacy.

According to the usages of the court as heretofore established I presume I could go free by taking the oath these authorities are administering to other Union men; but my settled purpose is not to do any such thing. I can doubltess be allowed my personal liberty by entering into bonds to keep the peace and to deman myslef toward the leaders of secession in Knoxville who have been seeking to have me assissinated all summer and fall as they desire me to do; for this is really the import of the thing and one of the leading object sought to be attained. Although I could give a bond for my good behavoir for $100,000 signed by fifty as good men as the country affords I shall obstinately refuse to do even that; and if such a bond be drawn up and signed by others I will render it null and void be refusing to sign it. In default of both I except to go to jail and I am ready to start upon one moment's waring. Not only so but there I am prepared to lie in solitary confinement until I waste away because of imprisonment or die

