
ples. I am encouraged to firmness when I look back to the lafe of Him "whose power was righteousness" while the infuriated mob cried out, "Crucify him! Crucify him!"

I owe to my numerous list of subscribes the filling out of their respective terms for which they have made advance payments and if circumstances ever place it in my power to discharge these obligations I will do it most certainly. But if I am denied the liberty of doing so they must regard their small losses as so many contributions to the cause in which I have fallen. I feel that I can with confidence rely upon the magnanimity and forbearance of my patrons under this state of things. They will bear me witness that I have held out as long as I am allowed to and the I have yielded to a military despotism that I could not avert the horrors of or successfully oppose.

I will say in conclusion for I am not allowed the privilege to write that they of this country have been unaccustomed to such wrongs; they can yet scarcely realize them. They are astounded for the time being with the quick succession of outrages that have come upon them and they stand horror-stricken like men expecting ruin and annihilation. I may not live to see the day but thousands of my readers will when the people of this once prosperous country will see that they are marching by "double-quick time" from freedom to bondage. They will then took wanton outrages upon right and liberty full in the face and my prediction is that they will 'stir the stones of Rome to rise and mutiny". Wrongs less wanton and outrageous precipitated the French revolution. Citizens cast into dangerous without charges of crime against them and without the formalities of a trial by jury; private property confiscated at the beck of those in power; the press humbled, muzzled and suppressed or prostituted to serve the ends of tyranny. The crimes of Louis XVI. fell short of all this and yet he lost his head. The people of this country down-trodden and oppressed still have the resolution of their illustrious forefathers, who asserted their rights at Lexington and Bunker Hill.

Exchanging with proud satisfaction the editorial chair and the sweet endearments of home a cell in the prison or the lot of an exile,

I have the honor to be, &amp;c.,

WILLIAM G. BROWNLOW,

Editor of the Knoxville Whig.

ATTORNEY-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Knoxville, Tenn., December 19, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.

SIR: Since I last wrote you I have received a letter from J. G. Wallace, esq., of Blount County, in regard to Brownlow's recent trip. I consider the letter of importance and have thought it propert to send it to you. Mr. Wallace is a gentleman of high standing and his statements can be fully relied upon.

Your, trully,

J. C. RAMSEY,

C. S. District Attorney.

