
with marked A, and thereupon General Crittenden directed a letter to be sent to the undersigned a correct copy of which marked B accompanies this statement. The undersigned relying upon the promise of a passport into Kentucky and the pretection of a military escrot which it contains and trusting to the good faith of your excellency, the Secretary of War and General Crittenden immediately upon its reception left his place oc concealment, returned to Knoxville and within the time appointed called at headquarters and obtained a renewal of the promise of the passport and escort. This occurred on the afternoon of the 5th instant. The morning of the 7th was fixed upon for the departure of the undersigned from Knoxville. Before that time arrived he was arrested upon a warrant for treason issued by R. B. Reynolds, commissioner, &amp;c., a correct copy of which marked C is herewith submitted, and bail and an examination having been refused was confined in the common jail of the county.

The undersigned has been always opposed in politics to your excelency; has resisted with his whole strength the revolution which your excellency is now conducting; but at no time has political prejudice or party feeling caused him to believe that you will sanction what he is compelled to denounce as a gross breach of faith. He has not permitted himself to believe that you would direct the military authorities to make a promise and after that promise had been accepted and acted upon would permit another set of authorities to violate it. He appeals to you as the executive of a Government representing twelve millions of people to protect the honor of that Government against so foul a stain. This application is the least recource left to the undersigned. Immediately after his arrest he addressed the note marked D to General Critteden and received in reply the note marked E.

It is unnecessary to add that the warrant issued by the commissioner contains no charge of treason. The puewspaper however objectionable its matter might be cannot amount to treason. The undersigned has therefore no reason to fear the result of a judicial investigation of his conduct; but bail thought offered for any amount has been refused him. He has been subjected to close confinement in an uncomfortable jail while weak health and in fact suffering from hemorrhage of the lungs. Until very recently he has intended to continue a citizen of the Confederate States but the events of the last three weeks have convinced him that the laws can afford no protection to himself or family. He now desires to withdraw himself and family from the jurisdiction of those States. He makes this application not as a petitioner for any grace or favor but as a demand of right and with full confidence that the public faith will in the permise be observed.

Respectfully, &c.,

W. G. BROWNLOW.

[Inclosure A.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, November 20, 1861.

Major-General CRITTENDEN, Cumberland Gap.

DEAR SIR: I have been asked to grant passport for Mr. Brownlow to leave the State of Tennessee. He is said to have secreted himself fearing violence to his person and to be anxious to depart from the State. I cannot give him a formal passport though I would greatly prefer seeing him on the other side of our lines as an avowed enemy.

