
I wish however to say that I would be glad to learn that he has left Tennessee and have no objection to interpose to his leaving if you are willing to let him pass.

Yours, truly,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure B.]
HEADQUARTERS,Knoxville, Tenn., December 4, 1861.

W. G. BROWNLOW, Esq.

SIR: The major-general commanding directs me to say that upon calling at his headquarters within twenty-four hours you can get a passport to go into Kentucky accompanied by a military escort, the route to be designated by General Crittenden.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. S. CUNNINGHAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure C.]

DECEMBER 6, 1861.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA,

District of Tennessee.

TO THE MARSHAL OF SAID DISTRICT:

J. C. Ramsey, C. S. District attorney for said district, having made oath before me that he is informed and believes that William G. Brownlow, a citizen of said district and owing allegiance and fidelity to the Confederate States but being moved and seduced by the instigation of the devil and not having the fear of God before his eyes, did wilfully, knowingly and with malice aforethought and feloniously commit the crime of treason against the Confederate States by then and there within said district and since the 8th day of June last publishing a weekly and tri-weekly paper know as Brownlow's Koxville Whig; said paper had a large circulation in said district and also circulated in the United States and contained weekly divers of editorials written by the said Brownlow which said editorials were treasonable against the Confederate States of America, and did then and there commit treason and prompt others to commit treason; by speech as well as publication did as aforesaid commit treason and did give aid and comfort to the United States, both of said Governments being in a state of war with each other. You are therefore commanded to arrest the said Brownlow and bring him before me to be dealt with as the laws directs.

R. B. REYNOLDS,

Commissioner, &amp;c.

[Inclosure D.]

KNOXVILLE, December 6, 1861.

Major-General CRITTENDEN:

I am now under an arrest upon a warrant signed by Messers. Reynolds and Ramsey upon a charge of treason founded upon sundry articles published in the Knoxville Whig since June last. I am here upon your invitation and promise of passports; and claiming your protection as I do I shall await your early response.

Very respectfully,

W. G. BROWNLOW.

