
[Inclosure E.]

KNOXVILLE, December 7, 1861.

W. G. BROWNLOW.

SIR: Your note stating that you were under an arrest upon a war rant upon a charge of treason, &amp;c., has been handed to General Crittenden. He desires me to say in reply that in view of all the facts of the case (which need not be recapitulated here for you are familiar with them) he does not consider that you are here upon his invitation in such manner as to claim his protection from an investigation by the civil authorities of the charges against you which he clearly understood from yourself and your friends you would not seek to avoid.

Respectfully, yours, &c.,

HARRY I. THORNTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

Resolved by the General Assembly of the State of Tennessee, That the conduct and treasonable movements of Andrew Johnson, Horace Maynard, Emerson Etheridge and such others of our public men as have expatriated themselves form our State are regarded as alien enemies of our people and the infamy and trupitude of whose offenses win the sovereign contempt and prefect indignation of all good and loyal citizens, as well as the just punishment of the law in such cases made in provided. - Found among W. G. Brownlow's papers.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., January 3, 1862.

Captain G. H. MONSARRAT, Knoxville, Tenn.

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 29th ultimo the Secretary of War directs me to say that Brownlow is to be escorted out of the country by a military force sufficient to protect him from violance in accordance with the pladge given by General Crittenden.

In relation to the abuses mentioned the Secretary exprects you to be vigilant and energetic in suppressing them. Colonel Leadbetter who commands on the line of the railroad and the adjacent country will give uou particular instructions.

Respectfully,

A. T. BLEDSOW,

Chief Bureau of War.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., January 3, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War, Richmond.

SIR: Mr. Attorney-General Ramsey the other day in the Confederate court cited an article written and published in the Knoxville Whig before the State went out as the grounds of his arrest of Brownlow for treason. The attorney did it no doubt to justify his act of arrest under the peculiar circumstances, but it has startled the community with a new and gave question which should be understood at once.

It is the purpose of the Government to arrest and try for treason gentlemen who may have expressed hostility to the Southern cause

