
exercised to others. We should invite Johnson and Marynard home and promise them safety while they may be disposed to remain among us and learn all the details of the Southern movement. The brave men who see that Brownlow gets safety out could certainly see that Johnson and Marynard came safety in.

But seriously we have no desire to se any man-not ever Mr. Brownlow-put Tennessee hemp or that of Missouri, nor yet that of Kentucky. But we do think that the least punishment that should be inflicted ought to be a residence at Tuscaloosa until the war closes; and then the enviable gentleman can go over by himself and see Abe Lincoln and abide with him forever. Can it be that any officer or soldier will be pleased to carry out such a tormenter as Brownloe-conduct him safety out who has all time been seeking the ruin of every secessionist and the whole Southern Confederacy, who would "rather be in hell than with such a bogus government?" Can it be that those brave men who have left all that is dear to them to defend the country will feel themselves honored by safety conveying their most invetrate enemy over to Lincoln to do them still more damage, or will they not rather feel like they have lost more than half they have fighting for in this State? East Tennessee has been a heavy expense to the State and to the Confederate Government in consequence of the teaching and leading of Brownlow and others; and now to let him go in peace seems to be the height of folly or we cannot see right. It will cool the ardor of many a soldier and cause the community to lose confidence in the hope that they entratained of the speedy independence of the South.

We have nothing to controvert with those at the helm of affairs but we think that we can safety that our friends at Nashville and Richmond have been led astray and badly hoodwinked by those form East Tennessee who are better friends to Unionism or Toryism than to the Southern interests. It has been said in the ears of authority that Brownlow was co secreted that he could not be found. But no true Southern man believes a word of that in this part of the country. He could have been picked up in three days at any time during his absence by a deputation of ten soldiers. The only wonder is that it was not done. It may be well said that enemies with fair faces have dictated and have been heard and listened to instead of those who have been faithful to the cause of the South through thick and thin. The enmity and trouble amongst Union men in East Tennessee is not rooted out, it is only covered up; while the heat with some honorable exceptions is increasing and waiting and hoping for Lincoln to send over his army, and they will "pitch in".

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

THE RELEASE OF W. G. BROWNLOW.

[From the Knoxville do not desire to be understood as attaching an undue or extravagant importance to the discharge of Brownlow from the custody of the Confederate authorities. The written of this has know this individual for years. He is in few words a diplomat of the first water. Brownlow rarely undertakes anything unless he sees his way entirely through the millstone. He covers over his really profound knowledge of human nature with an appearance of eccerticity and extravagance. If any of our readers indulge the idea that Brownlow is not smart in the full

