
[Second indorsement.]

CHIEF QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE,

Galveston, Tex., November 16, 1861.

Respectfully returned to the general commanding for his consideration.

The prisoners now at Camp Verde have from $150 to $300 due each. The Adjutant and Inspector General of the Army was consulted upon the subject of paying the prisoners what was due them by the United States. He replied that no appropriation had been made for such purpose and that they could no be paid. But he was inclined to the belief that the Government would pay them after the war, provided they enlisted and served faithfully. No one therefore can give the pledge demanded by the prisoners. My opinion not be paid; that the services would not justify it. They have been solicited frequently to enter our service and have declined. They have manifested much bitterness against our cause.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

SACKFIELD MACLIN,

Major, C. S. Army, Actg. Chief Quartermaster, Dept. of Texas.
HDQRS. SECOND REGIMENT TEXAS MOUNTED RIFLES,Fort Brown, Tex., November 11, 1861.

Captain D. C. STITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, C. S. Army, San Antonio, Tex.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that having received information from my spies of the presence of some escaped prisoners of war near the mouth of the Rio Grand I dispatched Captain Nolan and Lieutenant Lively, with twenty-three men, to that point with orders to retake them. They discharged the duty with prudence and propriety. A copy of Captain Nolan's reports is inclosed. I shall send the prisoners to San Antonio with the train, wich will return within a few days.

I have strong hopes of being able to recapture Colonel Anderson. A Lieutenant Williams, Second U. S. Cavalry, is reported to have been in Matamoras two days ago. I have spies on his track.

* * * *

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JOHN S. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

FORT BROWN, TEX., November 9, 1861.

Colonel JOHN S. FORD,

Commanding Rio Grande Military District, Fort Brown, Tex.

SIR: I have the honor to report that in accordance with your instructions I left their post on the 6th instant, accompanied by Lieutenant Lively, of Captain Buquor's company, and twenty-three men of my command, and proceeded to the mouth of the Rio Grande. I arrested and brought to this post Charles Douglas and John Brown*, escaped prisoners of war, who were trying to make their way to the United States, and also John Murphy, who was likewise trying to get a passage North. The men Murphy is supposed to be the person who some time since committed a murder at or near Austin, and although I did

---------------

* See Bromford to Maclin, December 11, 1861, p. 96.

---------------

