
not know Murphy, yet as he appeared so anxious to leave the country I thought it my duty to arrest him. I am much indebted to Lieutenant Lively for his valuable assistance; without it I should probably not have succeeded in making the arrests. I turned the prisoners over to Lieutenant Williams, officer of the guard.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

MAT. NOLAN,

Captain, Commanding Company, Second Regiment Texas Mounted Rifles.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, November 15, 1861.

Major General BENJ. HUGER, Norfolk, Va.

SIR: Your letter of the 13th instant to the Adjutant-General has been referred to me.

* * * *

Third. Surg. Wyatt M. Brown, of the Seventh Regiment North Carolina Volunteers, arrived here on parole on reports that he is to be released from his parole "upon forwarding to Asst. Surg. De Witt C. Peters, U. S. Army, a similar release from the obligation he is under not to be execute the functions of his office to the detriment of the State now at war with the United States". The words just quoted are from the written orders signed by "J. P. Garseche, assistant adjutant-general, by order of Major-General McClellan".

You are authorized to forward in the name of your Government to General Wool a release of the parole of Asst. Surg. De Witt C. Peters, couched in the above-quoted language, with information that Surg. W. M. Brown will thenceforward be considered as released from his parole, and will resume his duties as surgeon of his regiment.

I am, your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF TEXAS,Galveston, November 27, 1861.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith a communication from Lieutenant-Colonel Bromford, U. S. Army, and others, prisoners of war at San Antonio. I have informed the witness that I have submitted their communication to the Secretary of War for his action.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. O. HERBART,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army.

[Inclosure.]

SAN ANTONIO, TEX., November 23, 1861.

Brigadier General PAUL O. HERBET,

Commanding Department of Texas.

SIR: We, the undersigned, have the honor to state that a communication from the officers of the U. S. Army held as prisoners of war at this place concerning their parole was forwarded to you at Galveston, Tex., about the 7th instant. As no answer to this communication has yet been received, we respectfully call the attention of the general com-

