
manding the Department of Texas to this subject, and at the same time mention in support of our request that those officers associated with us as prisoners of war and placed in the same category with ourselves have all been allowed and extended parole. We also respectfully refer to the favorable consideration given to our application by the War Department at Richmond, Va., as well as to the indorsement of that paper by General Van Dorn. In connection with the same subject we beg leave to allude to the case of those U. S. officers taken prisoners by Colonel Baylor at Fillmore, N. Mex., who were allowed the same parole.

J. V. BROMFORD,

Major Sixth Regiment Infantry, Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel U. S. Army.

Z. R. BLISS,

First Lieutenant, Eighth U. S. Infantry.

J. J. VAN HORN,

Second Lieutenant, Eighth Regiment, U. S. Army.

R. T. FRANK,

Second Lieutenant, Eighth Infantry, U. S. Army.

WM. G. JONES,

Brevet Second Lieutenant, Eighth Infantry, U. S. Army.

SAN ANTONIO, TEX., December 13, 1861.

Major S. B. DAVIS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, C. S. Army, Galveston, Tex.

SIR: On the 10th of the prisoners month Lieutenant D. Lively, C. S. Army, of Captain Buquor's company of infantry, Third Regiment, turned over to me for safe-keeping three prisoners of war whom had arrested in the country toward the lower Rio Grande-two to them are deserters from the [Federal] prisoners of war in charge of Colonel H. E. McCulloch; the other, a murdered (citizen), who, contrary to the tenor of the President's proclamation, was attempting when arrested to make his way into the United States. I removed the manacles from the wrists of the two deserters and substituted balls and chains attached to their legs. I refer you to inclosed copy of written orders (marked 1) issued by me on taking charge of them. I was aware that it was not essential that the orders should be written, yet, as some difficulty had arisen on his head at the time of the escape of another prisoner of war some time since, I thought it best to take every precaution.

Many applications have been made to me by strangers and others to be permitted to visit these prisoners, all of which requests I have promptly declined. I refer you to a letter from Bvt. Lieutenant J. V. Bromford, U. S. Army, one of the prisoners of war residing in this city, as bearing on this point (marked 2), and my reply (marked 3), all of which you will oblige me by submitting to the notice of General P. O. Herbert, C. S. Army.

* * * *

As I leave this place for Brownsville on Tuesday next it will be necessary for these prisoners to be committed to the charge of some other officer, and I hope that the course I may adopt on leaving in absence of directions from your office may be approved by the general.

I am, sir, yours, very respectfully,

ROB. B. MACLIN,

Captain, C. S. Artillery, Commanding San Antonio Barracks.

