
[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, SAN ANTONIO, Numbers 1. December 9, 1861.

Immediately after guard mounting every officer of the day will issue the following orders to the sergeants or corporals of the guard in relation to the three prisoners of war now in charge of he guard:

First. To allow no man or woman, friend or foe, to converse with said prisoners of war, or write notes or letters to them on any subject, or furnish them with any written or printed documents, under my pretext whatever.

Second. To allow but one of said prisoners to leave the guard-house at a single time.

* * * *

Fourth. In case escape is attempted the sentinel in charge of said prisoner or prisoners must shoot him or them so attempting to escape without mercy.

* * * *

Sixth. The sergeant or corporal of the guard to be warned that he is responsible for the safe-keeping of the prisoners of the officer of the day, and the sentinel to the sergeant or corporal of the guard, and also to be warned of the very severe punishment attending a want of strict vigilance on the part of an officer of the guard or sentinel.

ROB. B. MACLIN,Captain, C. S. Artillery, Commanding San Antonio Barracks.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

SAN ANTONIO, TEX., December 11, 1861.

Captain R. B. MACLIN, C. S. Army,

Commanding Officer, San Antonio.

SIR: Being apprised of the confinement of Sergeant Douglas and Corporal Brown, U. S. Army, now prisoners of war in this place, I have the honor to address you this communication in behalf of myself and other U. S. officer, prisoners of war, residing in San Antonio, for the purpose of obtaining permission to visit them and to ask for them that protection and consideration of their necessities which their helpless condition suggests. I am well aware that no appeal is necessary to insure their relief when your attention is once directed to the subject of their wants.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. V. BROMFORD,

Major Sixth Regiment Infantry, Brevet Lieutenant Colonel, U. S. Army.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

SAN ANTONIO, TEX., December 11, 1861.

Major J. V. BROMFORD,

Sixth Regiment Infantry, Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel, U. S. Army.

SIR: Your communication of this date containing a request in behalf of yourself and other U. S. residing in this place to be permitted to visit the two deserters from the prisoners of war now in my custody and also asking for them that protection an consideration of their necessities which their helpless condition suggests has been received. My charge of said being but temporary in the absence of higher authority I feel it my duty respectfully to decline your request

