
[Indorsement.]

JANUARY 23, 1862.

Respectfully submitted to Secretary of War.

Captain Farley, aide-de-camp to Brigadier-General Bonham, is only a first lieutenant and as such cannot be exchanged with a captain.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, Va., January 20, 1862.

Major General B. HUGER, Commanding at Norfolk, Va.

GENERAL: I am directed to propose to you that Captain W. D. Farley, aide to General Bonham, and Lieutenant F. de Caradine, held in Washington as prisoners taken in arms against the United States, shall be released and sent to Norfolk, on condition that Captain J. H. Potter, Seventh U. S. Infantry, and Lieutenant H. M. Lazelle, Eighth Infantry, shall be released form their parole.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, January 23, 1862.

Major General BENJ. HUGER, Norfolk.

SIR: I have your several letters of 11th, 18th, 20th, and 23d, on subject of exchange of prisoners.

First. By your letter of 11st instant you informed me that you had offered to Commodore Goldsborough Lieutenant William G. Jones for Lieutenant Sayre, of Marine Corps. By your letter of 20th instant you state that you offered Lieutenant Dickinson for Tattnall before getting instructions to offer him for Sayre. By my two letters of 29th December you were requested to offer Dickinson for Sayre, Jones, and Tattnall. I do not see who has been given to us for Jones, and yet you ask for another lieutenant to be given for Sayre. Please explain.

Second. Lieutenant-Colonel Pegram, for whom Colonel Willcox is demanded in exchange by General Wool, informs me that he notified General McClellan that no such exchange was to be hope for, and received for reply form the adjutant-general the statement that Lieutenant-Colonel Bromford would be taken in exchange for him. I shall send Lieutenant-Colonel Bromford in exchange for Lieutenant-Colonel Pegram as soon as he can arrive from Texas.

I consent to the following exchanges proposed in General Wool's Petter of the 17th:

* * * *

We will give First Lieutenant R. T. Frank for First Lieutenant Thomas H. Allen.

* * * *

Fourth. On further examination I see that General Wool, in his letter of 19th, proposes to give T. S. Wilson for First Lieutenant W. G. Jones. I decline the proposal, and adhere to the offer of Jones for Sayre, as you have given Dickinson for Tattnall.

* * * *

