
entire day was engaged skirmishing with the enemy's sharpshooters. Loss, 2 wounded. The enemy was seen to carry several of his dead and wounded from the field.

July 12. -Participated in the capture of Hagerstown.

July 14. -Was in the engagement at Falling Waters. Two companies-B and F, commanded by Major Welber-charged the enemy, who were in position behind earthworks on the crest of a hill. Major Weber and Lieutenant Bolza, with many valuable men, were killed.

July 20. -The regiment participated in the capture of Ashby's Gap; also encountered the enemy strongly intrenched on the opposite side of the Shenandoah, near Berry's Ford. Loss, 3 wounded.

July 24. -Engaged in reconnaissance from Amissville to Newby's Cross-Roads. Loss. slight.

SEVENTH MICHIGAN CAVALRY.

June 30. -Engaged at Hanover, Pa.

July 2. -The regiment, excepting on squadron, was advanced as dismounted skirmishers in the engagement at Hunterstown.

July 3. -Charged the advance in of the enemy's skirmishers at Gettysburg. Held the field until the advance of the First Michigan Cavalry.

July 4. -Was engaged at Monterey Pass.

July 5. -The regiment supported Battery M, Second U. S. Artillery, at Smithsburg.

July 6. -Participated in the engagement at Hagerstown. Same day at Williamsport.

July 8. -Deployed as skirmishers at Boonsborough.

July 12. -Being temporarily attached to the Firs Brigade, with it entered Hagerstown under a sharp fire from the enemy, and in the afternoon was advanced to the extreme right of the town, to support the infantry.

July 14. -Was engaged on the right at Falling Waters, capturing from the enemy a 10-pounder Parrot gun, 400 prisoners, the battle-flag of the Fifty-fifth Virginia Infantry, and the colonel of the above named regiment, which several other officer

BATTERY M, SECOND U. S. ARTILLERY.

June 29. -The battery was assigned to the Second Brigade Third Division, Cavalry Corps, commanded by Brig. General G. A. Custer.

June 30. -While between Hanover and Abbottstown, Pa., limber-chest of one caisson exploded, mortally wounding 1 man, killed 2 horses and wounded 2. At Hanover met a battery of the enemy, which was withdrawn after twenty minute's firing. July 1. -Was engaged with the enemy at Hunterstown, silencing his battery, and having 4 horses killed, 3 wounded, and 1 wheel disabled.

July 3. -Took up a position on the right of the line at Gettysburg, and was engaged with Stuart's cavalry; battery engaged all day.

July 4. -Was in an engagement at Monterey Pass, where a large portion of Ewell's train and a large number of prisoners were captured.

July 5. -Battery placed in position at Smitsburg, but not used.

July 6. -Marched to Hagerstown; thence to Williamsport, where the battery was engaged. Sergeant Frain was here wounded in the head, and 3 privates were also wounded.

