
the Orange and Alexandria Railroad, and within our lines, call for prompt and exemplary punishment. You will, therefore, arrest and confine for punishment, or put beyond our lines, every citizen against whom there is sufficient evidence of his having engaged in these practices. You will also notify the people within 10 miles of the railroad that they will be held responsible in their persons and property for any injury done to the road, trains, depots, or stations, by citizens, guerrillas, or persons in disguise, and, in case of such injury, they will be impressed as laborers to repair all damages. If these measures should not stop such depredations, the entire inhabitants of the district of country along the railroad will be put across the lines and their property taken for Government uses.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. V. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 28, 1863.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General of the Army:

GENERAL: I have the honor herewith to transmit two additional battle-flags captured from the enemy at the battle of Gettysburg, on which are the following inscriptions, viz: First, "Captured from Eighth Florida Regiment by Sergt. Thomas Horan, Seventy-second New York {Third Excelsior Volunteers" Second, " Taken by Captain Hugo Siedlitz, Company A, Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, from a regiment of Rodes' division, Early's [Ewell's] corps. " I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 28, 1863-3 p. m. {Received 7. 35 p. m.
Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I am making every effort to prepare this army for an advance. The principal difficulties encountered are the passage of the Rappahannock {at present unfordable, but which will probably be bridged to-night, also the want of animals for the batteries and cavalry, to supply which the quartermaster's department is doing everything possible. The recent marches in the mountain passes and the excessive heat of the weather caused a great loss of animals and the exhaustion of many others. A large proportion of the animals require of the animals require shoeing. It is also necessary to accumulate subsistence stores to load the trains before starting. I am in hopes to commence the movement tomorrow, when I shall first throw over a cavalry force to feel for the enemy, and cross the infantry as fast as possible. My plan is to advance on the railroad to Culpeper and as far beyond as the enemy's positions will permit, to detach sufficient force to hold and guard the railroad from Manassas Junction, and thus test the question which has been raised of the capacity of the Orange and Alexandria Railroad to supply the army and the practicability of maintaining open such a long line of communication.

