
Government and the gratitude of the country. I need not assure you, general, that I have lost none of the confidence which I felt in you when I recommended you for the command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. V. HALLECK.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

July 29, 1863-10 a. m.

Major-General MEADE,

Warrenton, Va.:

The following note of the President is communicated for your information. I will write you more fully to-day:

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

July 29, 1863.

Major-General HALLECK:

Seeing General Meade's dispatch of yesterday to yourself, causes me to fear that he supposes the Government here is demanding of him to bring on a general engagement with Lee as soon as possible. I am claiming no such thing of him. In fact, my judgment is against it; which judgment, of course, I will yield if yours and his are the contrary. If he could not safely, engage Lee at Williamsport, it seems absurd to suppose he can safely engage him now, when he has scarcely more than two-thirds of the force he had at Williamsport, while it must be that Lee has been re-enforced. True, I desired General Meade to pursue Lee across the Potomac, hoping, as has proved true, that he would thereby clear the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, and get some advantage by harassing him on his retreat. These being past we here are pressing him, and I shall be glad for you to so inform him, unless your own judgment is against it. Yours, truly,

A. LINCOLN.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 29, 1863-11 a. m. {Received 11. 45 a. m.
H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Much feeling exists in this army in regard to the Eleventh Corps. This consideration, in addition to my own judgment that the other corps should be increased, induces me to submit to you for approval the propriety of breaking up the organization of this corps by sending General Howard with one division to the Second Corps, which he will then command, another division to the Twelfth Corps, and leaving the third division, under General Schurz, with a brigade of cavalry, to guard my rear from the Rappahannock to Manassas Junction. Pleas reply as soon as convenient.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

July 29, 1863 - 2.30 p. m.

Major-General MEADE,

Army of the Potomac:

As it is guide possible that we may be obliged to detach some of your troops, to enforce the draft and to bring on the drafted men,

