
You must excuse so much egotism, but your kind letter in a measure renders it necessary. I feel, general, very proud of your good opinion, and assure you I shall endeavor in the future to continue to merit it. Reciprocating the kind feeling you have expressed, I remain, general, most truly and respectfully, yours,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

August 1, 1863.

Major-General MEADE,

Warrenton, Va,:

To avoid all misunderstanding on the subject, when in the exercise of the authority conferred on you assume command of any post or troops belonging to another department, and when you relinquish the command of any such place or troops, please notify the commanding general of that department of your action in the matter.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 1, 1863 -4. 30 p. m. {Received 7. 15 p. m.
Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

On leaving the Potomac, in view of the probability of the return of Lee or a part of his army into Maryland, I directed General Couch to assume the defense of the river from Williamsport to Harper's Ferry, under General Lockwood. My position being now so remote, and the enemy having evacuated the Valley, I have relinquished all control over General Couch, and directed General Lockwood to report to General Schenck.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

August 1, 1863-10 p. m. {Received 11. 45 p. m.
Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

In compliance with your instructions to occupy the line of the Upper Rappahannock, this army has to-day been placed in position from Waterloo Crossing on the right to Ellis' Ford on the left. Warrenton, New Baltimore, Brentsville, and Morrisville are all occupied, and connected with the forces on the river by pickets and patrols. The cavalry on the right flank at Amissville, picketing to the mountains; on the left, from Ellis' to United States Ford on the river, thence to Aquia Creek. A brigade of cavalry is at White Plains, scouting between the Bull Run Mountains and the Blue Ridge, in our rear; another brigade scouts on my left, between the Rappahannock and

