
tosh's brigade of cavalry and Neill's brigade of infantry to continue harassing the enemy, put the army in motion for Middletown, Md. Orders were immediately sent to Major-General French at Frederick to reoccupy Harper's Ferry and send a force to occupy Turner's Pass, in South Mountain. I subsequently ascertained Major-General French had not only anticipated these orders in part, but had pushed a cavalry force to Williamsport and Falling Waters, where they destroyed the enemy's pontoon bridge and captured it guard. Buford was at the same time sent to Williamsport and Hagerstown. The duty above assigned to the cavalry was most successfully accomplished, the enemy being greatly harassed, his trains destroyed, and many captures of guns and prisoners made. After halting a day at Middletown to procure necessary supplies

and bring up the trains, the army moved through the South Mountain, and by July 12 was in front of the enemy, who occupied a strong positions on the heights of Marsh Run, in advance of Williamsport. In taking this position, several skirmishes and affairs had been had with the enemy, principally by the cavalry and the Eleventh and Sixth Corps. The 13th was occupied in reconnaissances of the enemy's position and preparations for attack, but, on advancing on the morning of the 14th, it was ascertained he had retired the night previous by a bridge at Falling Waters and the ford at Williamsport. The cavalry in pursuit overtook the rear guard at Falling Waters, capturing two guns and numerous prisoner. Previous to the retreat of the enemy, Gregg's division of cavalry was crossed at Charlestown and Shepherdstown, had a spirited contest, in which the enemy was driven to Martinsburg and Winchester and pressed and harassed in his retreat. The pursuit was resumed by a flank movement, the army crossing the Potomac at Berlin and moving down the Loudown Valley. The cavalry were immediately pushed into the several passes of the Blue Ridge, and, having learned from

scouts the withdrawal of the Confederate army from the lower valley of the Shenandoah, the army, the Third Corps, Major-General French,

in advance, was moved into the Manassas Gap, in the hope of being

able to intercept a portion of the enemy. The possession of the gap was disputed so successfully as to enable the rear guard to

withdraw by way of Strasburg, the Confederate army retiring to the Rapidan. A position was taken with this army on the line of the Rappahannock, and the campaign terminated about the close of July. The result of the campaign may be briefly stated in the defeat of the enemy at Gettysburg, his compulsory evacuation of Pennsylvania

and Maryland, and withdrawal from the upper valley of the

Shenandoah, and in the capture of 3 guns, 41 standards, and 13, 621

prisoners; 24, 978 small-arms were collected on the battle-field. Our own losses were very severe, amounting, as will be seen by the

accompanying return, to 2, 834 killed, 13709 [13, 713] wounded, and 6, 643 missing; in all, 23, 186 [23, 190]. * It is impossible in a

report of this nature to enumerate all the instances of gallantry

and good conduct which distinguished such a hard-fought field as

Gettysburg. The reports of corps commanders

---------------

*Reference is to table on p. 112; but see revised statement, p. 187.

---------------

