
and their subordinates, herewith submitted, will furnish all information upon this subject. I will only add my tribute to the heroic bravery of the whole army, officers and men, which, under the blessing of Divine Providence, enabled a crowning victory to be obtained, which I feel confident the country will never cease to bear in grateful remembrance. It is my duty, as well as my pleasure, to call attention to the earnest efforts of co-operation on the part of Major General D. N. Couch, commanding Department of the Susquehanna, and particularly to his advance, 4, 000 men, under Brig. General W. F. Smith, who joined me at Boonsborough just prior to the withdrawal of the Confederate army. In conclusion, I desire to return my thanks to my staff, general and personal, to each and all of whom I was indebted for unremitting activity and most efficient assistance. Very respectfully, your obedient servant. GEO. G. MEADE, Major-General, Commanding. Brig. General LORENZO THOMAS, Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C. WASHINGTON, D. C., October 2, 1863. Brigadier-General WILLIAMS, Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac: How many Confederate dead were buried after the battle of Gettysburg- officers, privates? J. C. KELTON, Assistant Adjutant- General. HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 3, 1863-8. 20 p. m. Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief: So far as can be stated from any information now at my command, 126 Confederate officers and 2, 764 men were buried by our troops at Gettysburg. This does not, however, include those buried by the Eleventh and Twelfth Corps, and it is known that quite a large number were buried by the latter corps. The commanders of those corps can doubtless give you the numbers buried by their commands. When this army left the vicinity of Gettysburg, a considerable

number of dead remained unburied, and the provost-marshal-general contracted with a Mr. [Samuel] Herbst, of Gettysburg, to bury them, He can state the number buried by him. Captain [William G.] Rankin, assistant quartermaster, who paid Mr. Herbst, can also supply this information. It may be added that the enemy buried a large number of his dead before leaving the field. The reports of the number of Confederate dead buried by the Eleventh and Twelfth Corps, although called for July 4, had not been sent in when those corps were detached from this army.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

