HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 5, 1863. [Received 3. 30 p. m.]

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

In addition to the number of Confederate dead buried at Gettysburg, stated in my dispatch of the 3rd instant, I have now to report 2 officers and 62 men buried by the Fifth Corps.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 25, 1864.

GENERAL: I transmit herewith the report of Brig. General T. H. Ruger, commanding First Division, Twelfth Army Corps, and those of his brigade and regimental commanders, of the operations of his division at the battle of Gettysburg. These reports were only recently received by me, owing to General Ruger being detached with a large portion of his command not long after the battle, and soon after his return the corps was ordered to Tennessee. I beg these reports may be placed on file as part of my official report of that battle. I embrace this opportunity to make certain correction and alterations in my report, to which my attention has been called by Major-General Slocum. * These alterations are as follows:

1. In relating the occurrences of July 2, I state: In the meantime, perceiving the great exertions on the part of the enemy, the Sixth Corps {Major-General Sedgwick, and part of the First Corps {to the command of which I had assigned Major-General Newton, particularly Lockwood's Maryland brigade, together with detachments from the Second Corps, were all brought up, &amp;c.

This should read:

In the meantime, perceiving the great exertions on the part of the enemy, the Sixth Corps {Major-General Sedgwick, and part of the First Corps {to the command of which corps I had assigned Major-General Newton, together with detachments from the Second Corps, were all brought up. Subsequently the First Division and Lockwood's brigade, of the Twelfth Corps, under the immediate command of Brigadier General A. S. Williams, the temporarily commanding the corps, arrived at the scene of action, the services of Lockwood's brigade being particularly mentioned.

2. In relating the occurrences of July 3:

During the heavy assaults upon our extreme left, portions of the Twelfth Corps were sent as re-enforcements. During their absence, the line of the extreme right was held by a much-reduced force, and was taken advantage of by the enemy, who, during the absence of Geary's division, Twelfth Corps, advanced and occupied a part of the line. On the morning of the 3d, General Geary, having returned during the night, was attacked at early dawn by the enemy, but succeeded in driving him back and occupying his former position. A spirited contest was maintained all the morning along this part of the line. General Geary, re-enforced by Wheaton's brigade, Sixth Corps, maintained his position, inflicting severe losses on the enemy.

This should read:

During the heavy assaults upon our extreme left, the First Division and Lockwood's brigade, of the Twelfth Corps, were sent as re-enforcements, as already reported. Two brigades of Geary's division {Second, of this corps were also detached for the same purpose, but did not arrive at the scene of action, owing to having mistaken the road. The detachment of so large a portion of the Twelfth Corps, with

---------------

*See Slocum's report of December 30, 1863, p. 763, and Meade's reply of February 25, 1864, p. 769.

---------------

