
its temporary commander, Brigadier General A. S. Williams, left the defense of the line previously held to the remaining brigade of the Second Division, commanded by Brigadier-General Greene, who held the left of the Twelfth Corps, now become the extreme right of the army. The enemy, perceiving the withdrawal of our troops, advanced and attacked General Greene with great vigor, who, making a gallant defense, and being soon re-enforced by portions of the First and Eleventh Corps, contiguous to him, succeeded in repulsing all the efforts of the enemy to dislodge him. After night, on the return of the detachments sent to the left, it was found the enemy was occupying portions of the line of breastworks thrown up by the Twelfth Corps. Brigadier-General Williams, in command, immediately made arrangements by the disposition of his artillery and instructions to both divisions, commanded, respectively, by Brigadier-Generals Geary and Ruger, to attack the enemy at daylight, and regain the position formerly occupied by the corps. In the meantime, the enemy brought up strong re-enforcements, and at early daylight a spirited contest commenced, which continued until after 10 a. m., the result of which was the repulse of the enemy in all his attempts to advance and his final abandonment of the position he had taken the evening before. During this contest, Shaler's brigade, Sixth Corps, was sent to re-enforce the Twelfth Corps. With this exception, the lines remained undisturbed, &amp;c. I should be glad, as an act of justice, if this communication could be published.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.

{Endorsements.
FEBRUARY 29, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the Secretary of War, with the recommendation that this be published with General Meade's former report.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

March 2, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

March 2, 1864.

Approved.

By order of the Secretary of War:

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington,

March 9, 1864.

Major General GEORGE G. MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the Secretary of War to direct your attention to the inclosed slip, taken from the Washington Daily Chronicle of to-day, and to inquire if it be the fact that you have addressed a communication with regard to military operations to a member of the Senate. If such be the case, the Secretary desires to be informed what authority for the proceeding was previously obtained by you.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

