
{Inclosure.
Major-General Meade has addressed a letter to Senator Johnson, of Maryland, in which he explains the allegations in the speech of Senator Wilkinson on Friday las, based upon certain information communicated to the latter by one or two officers of the army. As the subject is likely to give rise to discussion, and we believe to a satisfactory solution, we will only add that the letter to Senator Johnson is accented as a full vindication of General Meade by all who have read it.
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 9, 1864.

Major General D. B. BIRNEY,

Commanding {First Division, Third Army Corps:

GENERAL: I beg leave to call your attention to articles in the New York journals of the 8th instant, purporting to give portions of your testimony recently given before the Committee on the Conduct of the War. The character of those articles, in my judgment, authorizes me, as your superior officer, before taking action on them, that I should ask you whether you have any objection to give to me {as it appears has been given to others a succinct statement of your evidence.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, THIRD ARMY CORPS,March 10, 1864.

Major General GEORGE G. MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your favor of the 9th instant. The articles in the New York Times and Herald of the 8th instant are the only ones that I have seen referring to my testimony before the Congressional Committee on the Conduct of the War. These articles do great injustice to the character of my testimony, and were penned by some person ignorant of it. My testimony was from the time Major-General Hooker assumed demand of the army to the present time, and was a continuation of my testimony given a year since before the same committee, and was confined almost entirely to the operations of the division and corps whilst under my command. My opinion as to the movements of the army and its conduct was given only in reply to direct questions, and, I presume, carried with it only the weight of my military standing. In my opinion, there is nothing in my testimony that should alter the personal and official relations existing between us. As I was ordered by the War Department before the committee, and have the impression that my testimony is beyond my control, I must respectfully decline to give it in detail or more succinctly without referring to the authority that called it forth. I will with pleasure give you, at any time you may desire, my recollections, reports, and views on the same points.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

D. B. BIRNEY,

Major-General Volunteers.

