HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,March 10, 1864.

Brigadier General S. Williams,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: My attention has been called to several articles which have recently appeared in the papers, insinuating or charging the general commanding the Army of the Potomac with ordering or favoring a retreat of the army on the evening of July 2, at Gettysburg: I took no minutes of the council of corps commanders held on the evening of that day, but my present recollection is that three questions, viz, of attacking the enemy, of sustaining an attack, or taking up a new position, were submitted. The council was unanimous-with, I think, one exception- to sustain the attack in our then present position. At no time in my presence did the general commanding insist or advise a withdrawal of the army, for such advice would have great weight with me, and I know the matter did not engage my serious attention. I am positive that the general commanding could not have insisted, much less have given the order, to withdraw the army from its position. In a council on the evening of the 3d, the two questions of following the enemy or moving on parallel lines were submitted, and I think the council were unanimous, and their decision adopted by the general, of moving parallel to the enemy, and attacking him when possible.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN SEDGWICK,

Major-General,

Commanding.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 10, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of a communication, of yesterday's date, from the major-general commanding the Army of the Potomac. This communication has jus been received. It calls my attention to articles in the New York journals of the 8th instant, purporting to give portions of your testimony recently given before the Committee on the Conduct of the War.

It further states- The character of these articles, in my judgment, justifies me, as your superior officer, before taking action on them, that I should ask you whether you have any objection to give me {as if appears has been given to others a succinct statement of your evidence. In reply, I desire to inform the major-general commanding that he is mistaken in supposing I have given a succinct statement of my evidence before the war committee to anybody. The evidence was taken down by a stenographer, and I as informed as soon as it was translated I would have an opportunity of correcting it. I have not seen the evidence, as written, up to this time, and having been on the stand nearly two hours and a half, I could not transcribe it from

