
memory. I am perfectly willing that the major-general commanding should have a copy of my evidence, but as I consider it is now the property of the Government, I will forward a copy of his letter to the chairman of the Committee on the Conduct of the War, with the request that it may be furnished him.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 10, 1864.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor to make the following statement in regard to orders carried by me on the 1st day of July, 1863: Early on the afternoon of the 1st day of July, 1863: Early on the afternoon of the 1st of July, 1863, I was sent from headquarters, at Taneytown, with sealed orders to General Slocum, commanding Twelfth Corps, who was then on the road to Gettysburg, via Littlestown and Two Taverns. These orders I delivered to Lieutenant-Colonel {Hiram C. Rodgers, assistant adjutant-general of the Twelfth Corps, at Two Taverns, between 3 and 4 p. m. of that day, and was requested by him to say that the corps was on the move, and advancing as rapidly as possible. I also had a communication addressed to Generals Slocum and Sykes. This I delivered to General Slocum, who was somewhat in advance of his corps, near Gettysburg. After reading it, he returned it to me, to take to General Sykes at Hanover My recollection of this communication now is, that it was a circular notifying corps commanders of the fall of General Reynolds, and that General Hancock had been sent to take his place, and urging them to push forward with all possible dispatch.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. G. MASON,

Captain, and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS RENDEZVOUS FOR DRAFTED MEN,Philadelphia, Pa.,

March 14, 1864.

Brigadier General S. Williams,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your circular of the 10th instant, in regard to the council of war held at General Meade's headquarters on the evening of the 2nd July last, and in reply to state: 1. I was a member of that council, having been placed by General Hancock in command of the Second Corps when he was detached to take command of the Third Corps, after its defeat, on the afternoon of the 2d. 2. The result of the day's fight was then, I believe, for the first time fully known. It, together with our military situation, were fully discussed and commented upon by the members. It thus appeared that the Third Corps had been badly defeated, and rendered for the time comparatively useless; that the enemy, taking advantage of the

