
were, in his judgment and belief, correct and true. As these statements are in direct conflict with my official report, I thought this might be considered sufficiently official by the Department to justify an investigation. Of course, if he denies having had anything to do with the matter, why that is an end of it. I am not as philosophical as you are, nor do I consider it good policy do permit such slanders as have been circulated to pass entirely unnoticed. They have an influence with many people to whom I ama stranger; indeed, even my friends, believing me innocent, have still been puzzled to account for and understand these charges. I had no intention of annoying the Department, and if you and the Secretary think it better policy for me to keep quiet, I will withdraw the letter I have written, or remain satisfied with an official reply that the Department cannot interfere or take action on an anonymous communication.

Truly, yours,

GEO. G. MEADE.

BRANDY STATION, VA.,

March 22, 1864.

Major-General MEADE:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following statement of facts relative to the battle of July 2, at Gettysburg: At the opening of the battle of July 2, there were no troops belonging to General Sickles' corps on Round Top ridge. General Sickles, when called upon by General Warren, through me, to furnish troops for the defence of that position, refused to do so, stating that his whole command was necessary to defend his front, or words to that effect. General Sykes furnished troops for the object stated above as soon as called upon to do so.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RONALD S. MECCANS,

First Lieutenant, Corps of Engineers.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

March 23, 1864.

Brig. General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General,

Army of the Potomac:

The Congressional Committee on the Conduct of the War have summoned me before the. I desire, before testifying, to have the rough minutes of the council of July 2, which I mailed to you; also the manifold writer which I used and left with you; also the originals of all dispatches, orders, &amp;tc., prepared by me. Should General Meade consent, will you please send them to me, by special messenger, at Willard's?

Please answer.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General.

MARCH 23, 1864-5. 40 p. m.

Major General D. BUTTERFIELD,

Willard's Hotel, Washington:

Your dispatch received. As you are not connected with the Army of the Potomac, the major-general commanding declines fur-

