
June 7. -Wright's {First division, Sixth Corps, was sent across the Rappahannock at Franklin's Crossing, relieving Howe's {Second division, which returned to the north side.

June 8. - The Cavalry Corps {Pleasonton's, consisting of Buford's {First, D. McM. Gregg's {Third, and Duffie's {Second divisions, and the Regular Reserve Brigade, supported by detachments of infantry, under Generals Adelbert Ames and David A. Russell, moved to Kelly's and Beverly Fords, preparatory to crossing the Rappahannock on a reconnaissance toward Culpeper.

June 9. - Newton's {Third division, Sixth Corps, relieved Wright's {First division on the south bank of the Rappahannock at Franklin's Crossing. The Cavalry Corps, supported by Generals Ames' and Russell's infantry, crossed the Rappahannock at Kelly's and Beverly Fords, fought the enemy at or near Beverly Ford, Brandy Station, and Stevensburg, and recrossed the river at Rappahannock Station and Beverly Ford.

June 10. - The Cavalry Corps took position in the neighborhood of Warrenton Junction. Its infantry supports in the reconnaissance of the day previous rejoined their respective commands. Howe's {Second division, Sixth Corps, moved from Franklin's Crossing to Aquia Creek.

June 11. - The Third Corps marched from Boscobel, near Falmouth, to Hartwood Church.

June 12. - The First Corps marched from Fitzburgh's planation and White Oak Church to Deep Run; the Third Corps from Hartwood Church to Bealeton, with Humphreys' {Third division, advanced to the Rappahannock; the Eleventh Corps from the vicinity of Brooke's Station to Hartwood Church; and Headquarters Cavalry Corps from Manassas Junction to Warrenton Junction. The advance of the Confederate army skirmished with the Union troops at Newton, Cedarville, and Middletown, in the Shenandoah Valley.

June 13. - The First Corps marched from Deep Run to Bealeton; the Fifth Corps from the vicinity of Banks' Ford, via Grove Church, toward Morrisville; Wright's {First and Newton's {Third divisions, Sixth Corps, from Franklin's Crossing to Potomac Creek; the Eleventh Corps, from Hartwood Church to Catlett's Station; the Twelfth Corps from near Stafford Court-House and Aquia Creek Landing on route to Dumfries; Wyndham's brigade of Gregg's cavalry division from Warrenton Junction to Warrenton; and the Artillery Reserve from near Falmouth to Stafford Court-House. McReynolds' {Third brigade, of Milroy's division, Eighth Army Corps, marched from Berryville to Winchester.

June 14. - Headquarters Army of the Potomac moved from near Falmouth to Dumfries; the First and Third Corps marched from Bealeton to Manassas Junction; the Fifth Corps arrived at Morrisville, and marched thence, via Bristersburg, to Catlett's Station; Wright's {First and Newton's {Third divisions, Sixth Corps, moved from Potomac Creek to Stafford Court-House; the Eleventh Corps from Catlett's Station to Manassas Junction, and thence toward Centreville; the Twelfth Corps reached Dumfries; and the Artillery Reserve moved from Stafford Court-House to Wolf Run Shoals. Daniel Tyler's command, of the Eighth Army Corps, fell back from Martinsburg to Maryland Heights.

June 15. - Headquarters Army of the Potomac moved from Dum-

