
June 23. - Stahel's cavalry division moved from Warrenton, via Gainesville, to Fairfax Court-House.

June 24. - Newton's {Third division, Sixth Corps, moved from Germantown to Centreville, and the Eleventh Corps from Cow-Horn Ford, or Trappe Rock, on Goose Creek, to the south bank of the Potomac, at Edwards Ferry. Stahel's cavalry division moved from Fairfax Court-House to near Dranesville.

June 25. - The First Corps marched from Guilford Station, Va., to Barnesville, Md. ; the Third Corps from Gum Spring, Va., to the north side of the Potomac, at Edwards Ferry and the mouth of the Monocacy: the Eleventh Corps from Edwards Ferry, Va., to Jefferson, Md.: and the Artillery Reserve from Fairfax Court-House, Va., to near Poolesville, Md. These commands crossed the Potomac at Edwards Ferry. The Second Corps marched from Thoroughfare Gap and Gainesville to Gum Springs. Howe's {Second division, Sixth Corps, moved from Bristoe Station to Centreville; Crawford's division {two brigades of Pennsylvania Reserves, from the Defenses division {two brigades of Pennsylvania Reserves, from the Defenses of Washington, marched from Fairfax Station and Upton's Hill to Vienna. Stannard's Vermont Brigade, from the Defenses of Washington, left the mouth of the Occoquan on route to join the Army of the Potomac. Stahel's cavalry division moved from near Dranesville, Va., via Young's Island Ford, on the Potomac, on route to Frederick, Md.

June 26. -Headquarters Army of the Potomac moved from Fairfax Court-House, Va., via Dranesville and Edwards Ferry, to Poolesville, Md.: the First Corps from Barnesville to Jefferson. Md.: the Second Corps from Gum Springs, Va., to the north side of the Potomac, at Edwards Ferry; the Third Corps from the mouth of the Monocacy to Point of Rocks, Md. ; the Fifth Corps from Aldie, Va., via Carter's Mills, Leesburg, and Edwards Ferry, to within 4 miles of the mouth of the Monocacy, Md. ; the Sixth Corps from Germantown and Centreville to Dranesville, Va. ; the Eleventh Corps from Jefferson to Middletown, Md, ; the Twelfth Corps from Leesburg, Va., via Edwards Ferry, to the mouth of the Monocacy, Md. ; and the Cavalry Corps {Buford's and Gregg's divisions from Aldie to Leesburg, Va. Stahel's cavalry division was on route between the Potomac and Frederick, Md. Crawford's Pennsylvania Reserves moved from Vienna to Goose Creek, Va.

June 27. -Headquarters Army of the Potomac moved from Poolesville to Frederick, Md. ; the First Corps from Jefferson to Middletown, Md. ; the Second Corps from near Edwards Ferry, via Poolesville, to Barnesville, Md. ; the Third Corps from Point of Rocks, via Jefferson, to Middletown, Md.: the Fifth Corps from a point between Edwards Ferry and the mouth of the Monocacy to Ballinger's Creek, near Frederick, Md. ; the Sixth Corps from Dranesville, Va., via Edwards Ferry, to near Poolesville, Md. ; the Twelfth Corps from near the mouth of the Monocacy, via Point of Rocks, to Knoxville, Md. ; Buford's cavalry division from Leesburg, Va., via Edwards Ferry, to near Jefferson, Md. ; Gregg's cavalry division from Leesburg, Va., via Edwards Ferry, toward Frederick, Md.: and the Artillery Reserve from Poolesville to Frederick, Md. Stahel's cavalry division reached Frederick, Md. Crawford's Pennsylvania Reserves moved from Goose Creek, Va., via Edwards Ferry, to he mouth of the Monocacy, Md.

June 28. -The First Corps marched from Middletown to Frederick; the Second Corps from barnesville to Monocacy Junction; the

