
of Gregg's cavalry division, from Emmitsburg to Fairfield; and J. I. Gregg's brigade, of Gregg's, cavalry division, from Greenwood to Marion. Smith's division, of Couch's command, moved from Pine Grove to Newman's Pass. Kenly's brigade, of French's division, marched from Frederick on route to Maryland Heights. Elliott's and Smith's brigades, of French's division, left Tennallytown, via Washington and the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, on route to Frederick.

July 7. - Headquarters Army of the Potomac moved from Gettysburg to Frederick; the First Corp from Emmitsburg to Hamburg; the Second Corps from Two Taverns to Taneytown; the Third Corps from Gettysburg, via Emmitsburg, to Mechanicstown; the Fifth Corps from Moritz's Cross-Roads, via Emmitsburg, to Utica; the Sixth Corps from Emmitsburg to Mountain Pass, near Hamburg; the Eleventh Corps from Emmitsburg to Middletown; the Twelfth Corps from Littlestown to Walkersville; and the Artillery Reserve from Littlestown to Woodsborough. Buford's and Kilpatrick's cavalry divisions and Huey's brigade, of Gregg's cavalry division, moved from Jones' Cross-Roads to Boonsborough. J. I. Gregg's cavalry brigade was moving on route from Chambersburg to Middletown. McIntosh's brigade of cavalry and Neill's brigade, of the Sixth Corps, moved from Fairfield to Waynesborough. Smith's division, of Couch's command, marched from Newman's Pass to Altodale. Kenly's brigade, of French's division, reached Frederick from Washington.

July 8. - Headquarters Army of the Potomac moved from Frederick to Middletown; the First Corps from Hamburg to Turner's Gap, in South Mountain; the Second Corps from Taneytown to Frederick; the Third Corps from Mechanicstown to a point 3 miles southwest of Frederick; the Fifth Corps from Utica to Middletown; the Sixth Corps from near Hamburg to Middletown; the Eleventh Corps from Middletown to Turner's Gap, in South Mountain, Schurz's {Third division being advanced to Boonsborough; the Twelfth Corps from Walkersville to Jefferson; and the Artillery Reserve from Woodsborough to Frederick. J. I. Gregg's cavalry brigade was moving on route from Chambersburg to Middletown. Smith's division, of Couch's command, moved from Altodale to Waynesborough. Campbell's and Mulligan's brigades, of Kelley's command, Department of West Virginia, were concentrated at Hancock, whence they moved to Fairview, on North Mountain.

July 9. - Headquarters Army of the Potomac moved from Middletown to Turner's Gap; the Second Corps from Frederick to Rohrersville; the Third Corps from Turner's Gap to Beaver Creek, beyond Boonsborough; the First Corps from Turner's Gap to Beaver Creek, where it was joined by Kenly's brigade, of French's

division, from Maryland Heights; the Second

