
Corps from Rohrersville to near Tilghmanton; the Third Corps from Fox's Gap, through Boonsborough, to Antietam Creek, in the vicinity of Jones' Cross-Roads, where it was joined by Elliott's and Smith's brigades, of French's division, which marched from Middletown, and Morris' brigade, of the same division, which marched from Turner's Gap; the Fifth Corps from near Boonsborough to Delaware Mills, on Antietam Creek; the Sixth Corps from Boonsborough to Beaver Creek; the Eleventh Corps from Turner's Gap to Beaver Creek; and the Twelfth Corps from Rohrersville to Bakersville. Buford's and Kilpatrick's cavalry divisions moved from Boonsborough to Funkstown; Huey's brigade, of Gregg's cavalry division, from Boonsborough to Jones' Cross-Roads, and McIntosh's cavalry brigade from Waynesborough, via Smithsburg and Leitersburg, to Old Antietam Forge, and back to Waynesborough.

July 11. - The Second Corps moved from near Tilghmanton to the neighborhood of Jones' Cross-Roads; the Twelfth Corps from Bakersville to Fair Play and Jones' Cross-Roads; Gamble's and Devin's brigades, of Buford's cavalry division, from Funkstown to Bakersville; J. I. Gregg's cavalry brigade from Middletown to Boonsborough; Kilpatrick's cavalry division from Funkstown to near Hagerstown; the Artillery Reserve from Boonsborough to Benevola; Neill's brigade, of the Sixth Corps, and Smith's division, of Couch's command, from Waynesborough to Leitersburg.

July 12. - The First, Sixth, and Eleventh Corps moved from Beaver Creek to Funkstown; McIntosh's cavalry brigade from Waynesborough, via Leitersburg, to Boonsborough; Kilpatrick's cavalry division and Ames; {First division, Eleventh Corps, occupied Hagerstown; Neill's brigade, of the Sixth Corps, moved from Leitersburg to Funkstown, where it rejoined its corps; Smith's division {except one brigade, left at Waynesborough from Leitersburg to Cavetown; Dana's {Second division, of Couch's command, from Chambersburg to Greencastle; and Averell's cavalry brigade, Department of West Virginia, from Cumberland on route to Fairview.

July 13. - The Sixth Corps moved from Funkstown to the vicinity of Hagerstown; the Artillery Reserve from Benevola to Jones' Cross-Roads, two brigades remaining at the latter place and the others returning to Benevola; Smith's division, of Couch's command, from Waynesborough and Cavetown to Hagerstown and Beaver Creek. Averell's cavalry brigade joined Kelley's infantry at Fairview. July 14. - The First Corps marched from Funkstown to Williamsport; the Second Corps from near Jones' Cross-Roads to near Falling Waters; the Third Corps from Antietam Creek, near Jones' Cross-Roads, across Marsh Creek; the Fifth Corps from the vicinity of Roxbury Mills, on Antietam Creek, to near Williamsport; the Sixth Corps from the neighborhood of Hagerstown to Williamsport; the Eleventh Corps from Funkstown, via Hagerstown, to Williamsport; and Williams' {First division, of the Twelfth Corps, from Jones' Cross-Roads to near Falling Waters, and thence to near Williamsport. Buford's cavalry division moved from Bakersville to Falling Waters; McIntosh's and J. I. Gregg's brigades, of D. McM. Gregg's cavalry division, from Boonsborough to Harper's Ferry; Huey's brigade, of same division, from Jones' Cross-Roads, via Williamsport, to Falling Waters; and Kilpatrick's cavalry division from Hagerstown, via Williamsport, to Falling Waters. Kelley's command, Department of West Virginia, marched from Fairview to Williamsport.

July 15. - Headquarters Army of the Potomac moved from Beaver

