
Creek to Berlin; the First Corps from Williamsport to Rohrersville; the Second Corps from near Falling Waters to near Sandy Hook; the Third Corps from Marsh Creek to near Burnside's bridge, on the Antietam; the Fifth Corps from near Williamsport to Burkittsville; the Sixth Corps from Williamsport, via Hagerstown, to Middletown; and the Twelfth Corps from Fair Play and near Williamsport to Sandy Hook. Two brigades of the Artillery Reserve moved from Jones' Cross-Roads, and, joining the remainder of the reserve at Benevola, the whole command marched thence, via Middletown, to Berlin, Buford's cavalry division moved from Falling Waters to Berlin; McIntosh's and J. I. Gregg's brigades, of D. McM. Gregg's cavalry division, from Harper's Ferry, via Halltown, to Shepherdstown; Huey's brigade, of same division, from Falling Waters to Boonsborough; and Kilpatrick's cavalry division from Falling Waters, via Williamsport and Hagerstown, to Boonsborough. Kelley's command, Department of West Virginia, marched from Williamsport to Indian Springs.

July 16. - The First Corps marched from Rohrersville to near Berlin; the Third Corps from Burnside; s bridge to Pleasant Valley, near Sandy Hook; the Fifth Corps from Burkittsville, via Peters-Berlin; the Eleventh Corps from Middletown, via Jefferson, to Berlin; and the Twelfth Corps from Sandy Hook to Pleasant Valley. Buford's cavalry division moved from Berlin to Petersville; Huey's brigade, of Gregg's cavalry division, form Boonsborough, via Harper's Ferry, to Shepherdstown; and Kilpatrick's division from Boonborough to Berlin, whence De Forest's {First brigade proceeded to Harper's Ferry.

July 17. - The Third Corps moved from near Sandy Hook, crossed the Potomac at Harper's Ferry, and proceeded to a point # miles south of the Ferry; the Fifth Corps moved from near Berlin to Lovettsville, crossing the Potomac at Berlin. Gregg's cavalry division marched from Shepherdstown to Harper's Ferry; Kilpatrick's cavalry division from Berlin and Harper's Ferry to Purcellville, Custer's brigade crossing the Potomac at Berlin, and De Forest's brigade the Shenandoah at Harper's Ferry. Kelley's command, Department of West Virginia, moved from Indian Springs, Md., to Hedgesville, W. Va., crossing the Potomac at Cherry Run.

Jun 18. - Headquarters Army of the Potomac moved from Berlin, Md., to Lovettsville, Va. ; the First Corps from near Berlin to Waterford, crossing the Potomac at Berlin; the Second Corps from near Sandy Hook to Hillsborough, crossing the Potomac and Shenandoah Rivers at Harper's Ferry; the Third Corps from near Harper's Ferry to Hillsborough; the Fifth Corps from Lovettsville to near Purcellville; the Artillery Reserve from Berlin to Wheatland; and Buford's cavalry division from Petersville to Purcellville, crossing the Potomac at Berlin.

July 19. - Headquarters Army of the Potomac moved from Lovettsville to Wheatland; the First Corps from Waterford to Hamilton; the Second and Third Corps from Hillsborough to Wood Grove; the Fifth Corps from near Purcellville to a point on the road to Philomont; the Sixth Corps from near Berlin to Wheatland, and the Eleventh Corps from Berlin to near Hamilton, both corps crossing the Potomac at Berlin; the Artillery Reserve from Wheatland to Purcellville; and the Twelfth Corps from Pleasant Valley to near Hillsborough, crossing the Potomac and Shenandoah Rivers at Har-

