
per's Ferry. Buford's cavalry division moved from Purcellville, via Philomont, to near Rector's Cross-Roads. McIntosh's brigade, of Gregg's cavalry division, moved from Harper's Ferry toward Hillsborough, and Huey's and J. I. Gregg's brigades, of the same division, from Harper's Ferry to Lovettsville. Kilpatrick's division of cavalry marched from Purcellville to Upperville. Kelley's command, Department of West Virginia, fell back from Hedgesville to the Maryland side of the Potomac at Cherry Run.

July 20. - Headquarters Army of the Potomac moved from Wheatland to Union; the First Corps from Hamilton to Middleburg; the Second and Third Corps from Wood Grove, the former going to Bloomfield and the latter to Upperville; the Fifth Corps from a point on the Purcellville and Philomont road, via Union, to Panther Skin Creek; the Sixth Corps from Wheatland to near Beaver Dam; the Eleventh Corps from near Hamilton, via Mount Gilead, to Mountville; the twelfth Corps from near Hillsborough, via Wood Grove, to Snickersville; and the Artillery Reserve from Purcellville to Union. Buford's cavalry division moved from near Rector's Cross-Roads to Rectortown, Gamble's brigade going thence to Chester Gap, Devin's brigade to Salem, and Merritt's brigade to Manassas Gap. McIntosh's brigade, of Gregg's cavalry division, reached Hillsborough, and marched thence toward Purcellville. Huey's and J. I. Gregg's brigades, of same division, moved from Lovettsville to Goose Creek.

July 21. - Huey's and J. I. Gregg's brigades, of D. McM. Gregg's cavalry division, moved from Goose Creek to Bull Run; McIntosh's brigade returned to Hillsborough; Kelley's command, Department of West Virginia, recrossed the Potomac from Maryland into Virginia at Cherry Run.

July 22. - Headquarters Army of the Potomac moved from Union to Upperville; the First Corps from Middleburg to White Plains; the Second Corps from Bloomfield to Paris; the Third Corps from Upperville, via Piedmont, to Linden; the Fifth Corps from Panther Skin Creek to Rectortown; and the Sixth Corps from near Beaver Dam to Rectortown. Devin's brigade, of Buford's cavalry division, moved from Salem to Barbee's Cross-Roads; Huey's and j. I. Gregg's brigades, of D. McM. Gregg's cavalry division, from Bull Run to Broad Run; and Kilpatrick's cavalry division from Upperville to Piedmont.

July 23. - Headquarters Army of the Potomac moved from Upperville to Linden; the First Corps from White Plains to Warrenton; the Second Corps from Paris to Linden; the Third Corps from Linden to Manassas Gap; the Fifth Corps from Rectortown, via Markham Station, Farrowsville, and Linden, to Manassas Gap; the Sixth Corps from Rectortown to White Plains and Barbee's Cross-Roads; the Eleventh Corps from Mountville to New Baltimore; the Twelfth Corps from Snickersville to Ashby's Gap and thence to Markham Station; and the Artillery Reserve from Union to near Rock Creek. Buford's cavalry division concentrated at Barbee's Cross-Roads; McIntosh's brigade, of Gregg's cavalry division, moved from Hillsborough to Snickersville; and Kilpatrick's cavalry division from Piedmont to Amissville.

July 24. - Headquarters Army of the Potomac moved from Linden to Salem; the Second Corps from Linden to Markham Station; the First Division {Wright's Sixth Corps, from White Plains to New Baltimore, the Second Division {Howe's Sixth Corps, from Bar-

