
bee's Cross-Roads to Markham Station and thence to Orleans; the Third Division {Bartlett's, Sixth Corps, from Barbee's Cross-Roads to Thumb Run; and the Twelfth Corps from Markham Station to Linden, counter marching, via Markham Station, to Piedmont. Huey's and J. I. Gregg's brigades, of D. McM. Gregg's cavalry division, moved from Broad Run to Warenton Junction. Kelley's command, Department of West Virginia, advanced from Cherry Run to Hedgesville.

July 25. - Headquarters Army of the Potomac moved from Salem to Warrenton; the First Corps from Warrenton to Warrenton Junction, the Second Division {Robinson's going on to Bealeton; the Second Corps from Markham Station to White Plains; the Third Corps from Manassas Gap to near Salem; the Fifth Corps from Manassas Gap, via Farrowsville and Barbee's Cross-Roads, to Thumb Run; the Sixth Corps concentrated at Warrenton, Wright's {First division moving from New Baltimore, Howe's {Second division from Orleans, and Bartlett's {Third{division from Thumb Run; the Eleventh Corps moved from New Baltimore to Warrenton Junction; and the Twelfth Corps from Piedmont, via Rectortown and White Plains, to Thoroughfare Gap. The Artillery Reserve reached Warrenton. Kelley's command, Department of West Virginia, occupied Martinsburg.

July 26. - The Second Corps marched from White Plains to near Germantown; the Third Corps from near Salem to vicinity of Warrenton; the Fifth Corps from Thumb Run to vicinity of Warrenton, Crawford's {Third division taking position at Fayetteville; and the Twelfth Corps from Thoroughfare Gap, via Greenwich and Catlett's Station, to Warenton Junction. Buford's cavalry division took position at Warrenton and Fayetteville. McIntosh's brigade, of Gregg's cavalry division, marched from Snickersville, via Upperville, to Middleburg. Kelley's command, Department of West Virginia, occupied Winchester.

July 27. The Fifth Corps encamped between Warrenton and Fayetteville. McIntosh's brigade, of Gregg's cavalry division, marched from Middleburg, via White Plains, New Baltimore, and Warrenton. toward Warrenton Junction.

July 28. - McIntosh's brigade, of Gregg's cavalry division, moved, via Warrenton Junction, to Catlett's Station.

July 29. -D. McM. Gregg's cavalry division moved from Warrenton Junction and Catlett's Station to Warrenton.

July 30. - Kenly's {Third division, First Corps, moved from Warrenton Junction to Rappahannock Station; the Second Corps from near Germantown to Elk Run; D. McM. Gregg's cavalry division from Warrenton to Amissville; and Kilpatrick's cavalry division from Amissville to Warrenton.

July 31. - The Second Corps marched from Elk Run to Morrisville; Howe's {Second division, Sixth Corps, from Warrenton to near Waterloo; the Twelfth Corps from Warrenton Junction to Kelly's Ford; and Kilpatrick's cavalry division from Warrenton to Warrenton Junction.

