
Corps, and Ordered the Eleventh Corps to move promptly to it support. Wadsworth's division had driven back the enemy some distance and captured a large number of prisoners, when General Reynolds fell, mortally wounded. The arrival of Ewell's corps this time by the York and Harrisburg roads compelled General Howard, upon whom the command devolved, to withdraw his force, the First and Eleventh Corps, to the Cemetery Ridge, on the south side of Gettysburg. About 7 p. m. Generals Sickles and arrived on the field with the Third and Twelfth Corps, which took position, one on the left and the other on the right of the new line. The battle for the day, however, was over. General Meade arrived on the field during the night with the reserves, and posted his troops in lime of battle, the First Corps on the right, the Eleventh Corps next; then the Twelfth Corps, which crossed the Baltimore pike; the Second and Third Corps on the Cemetery Ridge, on the left of the Eleventh Corps. The Fifth Corps, pending the arrival of the Sixth, formed the reserve. On the arrival of the latter, about 2 p. m., it took the place of the Fifth, which was ordered to take position on the extreme left. The enemy massed his troops on an exterior ridge, about a mile and a half in front of that occupied by us. General Sickles, Misinterpreting his orders, instead of placing the Third Corps on the prolongation of the Second, had moved it nearly-quarters of a mile in advance-an error which nearly proved fatal in the battle. The enemy attacked this corps on the 2nd with great fury, and it was likely to be utterly annihilated, when the Fifth Corps moved up on the left, and enabled it to reform behind the line it was originally ordered

to hold. The Sixth Corps and a part of the First were also

opportunely thrown into this gap, and succeeded in checking the

enemy`s advance. About sunset the rebels retired in confusion and

disorder. at 8 p. m. an assault was made from the left of the town, which was gallantly reapplied by the First, Second, and Eleventh Corps. On the morning of the 3rd we regained, after a spirited contest, a part of our line on the right, which had been yielded to sustain other points on the 2d. About 1 p. m. the enemy opened an artillery fire of one hundred and twenty-five guns on our center left. This was followed by an assault of a heavy infantry column on our left and left center, which was successfully repulsed, which a terrible loss to the enemy. This terminated the battle, and the rebels retired, defeated, from the field. The opposing forces in this sanguinary contest were nearly equal in numbers, and both fought with the most desperate courage. The commanders were also brave, skillful, and experienced, and they handled their troops on the field with distinguished ability; but to General Meade belongs the honor of a well-earned victory in one of the greatest and best-fought battles of the war. On the morning of the 4th, the enemy apparently occupied a new line in front of our left, but in reality his army had commenced its retreat, carrying off a part of his wounded. His lines, however, were not entirely evacuated until the morning of the 5th, when the cavalry and the Sixth Corps were sent in pursuit. The days of the 5th and 6th were employed by General Meade in succoring the wounded and burning the dead left on the battle-field. He then started in pursuit of Lee by flank movement upon Middle-

