
These men are not in a position to acquire military distinction or rewards, but I would fail in my duty if I omitted to signify to you my high appreciation of the labors, service, courage, and fidelity of the corps for construction and transportation in the department of U. S. Military Railroads, and suggest that some recognition of their services would be a great encouragement to men who so richly deserve it.

Very respectfully submitted.

H. HAUPT,

In charge of U. S. Military Railroads.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, 286

HDQRS. OF ARMY, ADUT. General `s OFFICE,Washington, June 27, 1863.

Brigadier General H. Haupt, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby authorized and directed to do whatever he may deem expedient to facilitate the transportation of troops and supplies to aid the armies in the field in Virginia, Maryland, and Pennsylvania.

By command of Major-General Halleck;

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 3. Report of Medical Inspector John M. Cuyler, U. S. Army.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

July 27, 1863.

SIR: I arrived at Gettysburg on the morning of the 10th of July, forty hours later than I had hoped to do, in consequence of the irregularities and interruptions on the railways leading to that place. Medical Inspector Volume reached Gettysburg some two or three days in advance of me, and immediately on his arrival made arrangements for sending away such of the wounded as were in a condition to be moved in ambulances or on the railroad. Lieutenant-Colonel Volume had the immediate charge of forwarding the wounded to the general hospitals designated by yourself. In this he was assisted by Dr. Osborne, of the Army of the Potomac, a very active and energetic officer. Both of these officers performed the duty assigned them with very great faithfulness and efficiency. I believe the wounded were received at the railroad depot and placed on the cars with as much care, attention, and comfort as was possible under the circumstances. Before the arrival of the fifty ambulances sent from Washington by yourself, our means of conveying the wounded from the field hospitals to the railroad depot were inadequate, although I am satisfied that as many ambulances were left by the Army of the Potomac as could possibly be spared. The number of medical officers detailed by Medical Director Letterman to remain with the wounded was thought to be sufficient, and probably might have been had not thousands of the enemy`s wounded been thrown unexpectedly on our hands. For some days after the battle, many of the rebel wounded

