
were in a most deplorable condition, being without shelter of any sort, and with an insufficient number of medical officers and nurses of their own army. Every effort was made to alleviate the sufferings of these unfortunate men, and as soon as it could be done they were placed under cover or sent away to some general hospital. Our wounded with some few exceptions, were sheltered within a day or two after the battle, and made as comfortable as circumstances would permit. The secretary of straw for bedding was seriously felt, and it was not until eight or ten days after the conflict that a sufficient quantity could be obtained. As far as my observation extends, the medical officers of the army, and the citizen surgeons who were employed during the emergency, discharged their arduous duties with fidelity and ability. I never saw men work harder and complain less of the difficulties that surrounded them. Through the efficiency of the medical purveyor, Assistant Surgeon [Jeremiah B.] Brinton, his storehouse was rapidly field with supplies suitable for the occasion, and, by an arrangement of your own, liberal supply of ale and porter is daily furnished to such of the wounded as need them. Up to the 25th instant (the day left Gettysburg), 15, 875 of the wounded had been sent away, and since that time 250 more have been forwarded, amounting in all to 16, 125, leaving still at Gettysburg abut 3, 500, 3, 000 of whom, it is believed, are not in a condition to be moved at present. Those who are obliged to remain will be quartered in a large field hospital established at a suitable place near the town, where I hope they will have all the comfort and receive all the attention and kindness to which they are so justly entitled. I cannot close this brief report without acknowledging the immense aid afforded by the Sanitary and Christian Commissions. The promptness, energy, and great kindness uniformly exhibited by these benevolent associations doubtless helped to save the lives of many, and gladdened the hearts of thousands, who hold their good and noble deeds in grateful remembrance. To Adams Express we are also greatly indebted for much liberality and kindness extended to the wounded at a time when they were most in need.

JOHN M. CUYLER,

Medical Inspector, U. S. Army.

Brigadier General WILLIAM A. HAMMOND,

Surgeon-General, U. S. Army.

Numbers 4. Report of Medical Inspector Edward P. Volume, U. S. Army

WASHINGTON, D. C. July 25, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that, pursuant to your orders of the 7th July, I proceeded on the same day to Gettysburg, Pa., for the purpose of reporting to Medical Inspector Cuyler, U. S. Army, for duty in connection with the transportation of the wounded at

