
however, no running or undue haste. All the troops passed tranquilly on, although the enemy was firing into them from the side streets, and all reformed promptly on their arrival at Cemetery Hill, and in a very short time were again ready for service. The Sixth Wisconsin marched through the streets in s body, stopping from time to time to return the fire of the enemy, and giving hearty cheers for the good old cause and the Sixth Wisconsin Volunteers. I have said the losses were exceedingly heavy. More than half of those who went into the battle were killed or wounded. In the Second Wisconsin, 69 came back out of 302; in the Nineteenth Indiana, 78 returned out of 288; the One hundred and fiftieth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel Wester's regiment, out of about 400 men and 17 officers, lost, in killed, wounded, and missing, 16 officers and about 316 men; the One hundred and forty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers lost in the same proportion. That portion of the Eleventh Corps posted beyond the almshouse had fought with great obstinacy until its right flank was turned by Early's division, and further resistance had become hopeless. It then fell back to the town, and choked up the main street at the very time Paul's brigade was attempting to pass. These resulted in heavy loss to the brigade. It gives me great pleasure to state that my division commanders used unwearied efforts to hold the portions of the line assigned them. General Robinson guarded the right flank with great courage and skill when it was left exposed toward the close of the day. General Wadsworth's division opened the combat, and defended the center of the line to the very last, while General Rowley held the left wing under the most adverse circumstances, and, with a portion of Wadsworth's men, covered the retreat of the main body by successive echelons of resistance. I concur with the division commanders in their estimate of the good conduct and valuable services of the following-named officers and men.

General Wadsworth says of the First Division: The officers of my staff and of my command performed their whole duty without an exception. Under these circumstances, I cannot particularly commend any of them without doing injustice to others equally meritorious. General Cutler, commanding the Second Brigade, First Division, whose coolness and self-possession were remarkable, and who had two horses shot under him, says:

Colonel Hofmann, Fifty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers; Major Harney, One hundred and forty-seventh New York Volunteers; Major Pye, Ninety-fifth New York Volunteers, and Captain Cook, Seventy-sixth New York Volunteers, deserve special mention for gallantry and coolness. Colonel Fowler, Fourteenth Brooklyn, for charging the enemy at the railroad cut, in connection with the Ninety-fifth New York and Sixth Wisconsin, by which the One hundred and forty-seventh New York was relieved from its perilous position. Major Grover, commanding the Seventy-sixth New York Volunteers, a brave and efficient officer, was killed early in the action of the 1st instant, and the command devolved upon Captain John E. Cook, and most ably and faithfully did he perform his duty. Lieutenant-Colonel Miller, commanding the One hundred and forty-seventh New York Volunteers, was severely wounded at the head of his regiment on the 1st instant. Colonel Biddle, Ninety-fifth New York, was wounded in the breast. Major Harney, of the One hundred and forty-seventh New York Volunteers, and Major Pye, of the Ninety-fifth New York, on assuming command of their respective regiments, did all that brave men and good soldiers could do, and deserve well for their services. Sergt. Henry H. Hubbard, Company C, One hundred and forty-seventy New York, was in command of the provost-guard of the brigade on the morning of the 1st instant. He formed

