
the guard, consisting of 18 men, on the right of the Seventy-sixth New York, and fought until the battle was over, losing 12 of his men. He deserves promotion. The color-sergeant of the One hundred and forty-seventh New York was killed, and the colors were caught by Sergt. William A. Wybourn, of Company I, One hundred and forty-seventh New York, and brought off the battle-field by him, notwithstanding he was himself severely wounded. In closing, I beg leave to acknowledge my great obligations to Captain J. A. Kellogg acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain William Bloodgood, acting aide; Lieutenant S. W. Woodrow, of the Ninety-fifth New York, and Lieutenant T. W. Miller, volunteer aide on my staff. These officers all acted with the most perfect coolness and bravery throughout the whole action. Every one of my staff and orderlies were dismounted by having their horses shot; Lieutenant Miller and Captain Bloodgood twice each, and Lieutenant Woodrow three times. The report of General Meredith, commanding the First Brigade, First Division, has not been received, he having sustained severe internal injuries by the falling of his wounded horse. Copies of several of the regimental reports, however, having been laid before me, I take pleasure in calling attention to the following-named officers and men mentioned by regimental commanders: The Seventh Wisconsin Volunteers was commanded by Colonel W. W Robinson, whose conduct was everything that could be desired. He speaks of Lieutenant-Colonel Callis, who was wounded, and of Major Finnicum; also of Sergt. Daniel McDermott, color-bearer, who had his flag-staff shattered by canister shot during the retreat, and who was himself severely wounded. While in this condition, he was placed upon a caisson, and rode off waving his tattered flag in defiance of the enemy. No report has been obtained from the commanding officer of the Twenty-fourth Michigan or Second Wisconsin Regiments, excepting a brief statement from Lieutenant-Colonel Mansfield, of the latter regiment, giving the number of killed, wounded, and missing. In the Nineteenth Indiana, Private James Stickley, of Company C, deserves special mention for refusing to leave the field when badly wounded. He was killed late in the action. Lieutenant Jones, of Company B, and Lieutenant East, of Company C, fell while cheering on their men. Sergeants [James] Ferguson and [Andrew] Beshears, of Company H; [Thomas K.] Michener, of Company E, and [Allen W.] Ogborn, of Company B, were among the killed who are worthy of special notice. The active and fearless Lieutenant-Colonel Dudley lost a leg; Major Lindley, always cool and courageous, was wounded in the hand;

Captains Holloway, Ives, and Shafer, and Lieutenants Wilson, Schlagle, Campbell, Wetemyre, Macy, Branson, Patrick, Gisse, and Nash were also wounded while doing all that men could do to insure success. The two last-mentioned officers refused to leave the field. Captains Hart, Makepeace, and Greene, and Lieutenant Richardson, fell into the enemy; s hands. This regiment was commanded by Colonel Samuel J. Williams, and to his promptness, courage, and skill it is in a great measure indebted for increasing the high reputation it already enjoyed. In the Sixth Wisconsin, Adjt. Edward P. Brooks is mentioned for greatly aiding the successful capture of the two regiments in the railroad cut, by throwing a body of men into the cut so as to enfilade the rebel line. Corpl. F. Asbury Waller, of Company I, captured the colors of the Second Mississippi previous to the surrender of that regiment. Major Hauser was particularly brave and efficient. Captain John Ticknor and Lieutenant Orrin D. Chapman, who were killed in the charge, were a great loss to the service. Captain Rollin P. Converse

