
Colonel Morrow, Twenty-fourth Michigan, who was wounded while bringing off a regimental flag he had saved, fell into the hands of the enemy, but escaped afterward when they retreated from Gettysburg. Colonel Morrow had some interesting conversations with General Ewell, of the rebel army, in relation to the battle and its incidents, and I obtained a statement from him on this subject, showing how the fight was regarded from a rebel point of view, and the unwilling admiration it excited. *

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. DOUBLEDAY,

Major-General of Volunteers.

Brigadier General S. Williams,

Asst. Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. Army of the Potomac.

January 2, 1864.

Major-General Doubleday,

Washington:

In answer to your letter of the 30th ultimo to Major-General Meade, I am instructed by him to say that he has no objection, provided the War Department consent thereto, to the publication of the report heretofore presented by you of the operations of your command at Gettysburg, which accompanied the commanding general's report of that battle, and is now among the records of the Adjutant-General's office. But the commanding general declines sanctioning the publication of the more detailed report you state you have prepared until he shall have had an opportunity of examining it, and he considers that if you have a report designed to take the place of that formerly rendered by you, the same should be transmitted to him, to be forwarded to the War Department, with such observations, if any, as he may desire to offer in connection with it.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. A. HUMPHREYS.

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,January 5, 1864.

Major-General Doubleday,

Washington:

I am directed by Major-General Meade to inform you that your revised report of the part taken by your command at the battle of Gettysburg has been transmitted to the Adjutant-General of the Army, with the request that it be substituted for the report heretofore rendered by you I am instructed to add that the commanding general has no objection to the publication of your revised report, if the same be sanctioned by the War Department. Very respectfully, &c.,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* See Colonel Morrow's report, p. 272

---------------

