
that place. I was detained a few hours, on the 8th, at Hanover, Pa., where I found about 150 wounded, chiefly from Kilpatrick`s cavalry, under charge of Assistant Surgeon [Perin] Gardner, First [West] Virginia Cavalry. They were comfortably situated in a school-house and in dwellings. The inhabitants had furnished them with bunks, bedding, dressings, utensils, and food in sufficient quantity, the people in each street in the town furnishing food, delicacies, nurses, &amp;c., two days at a time. I arrived at Gettysburg about 7 p. m. on the 8th, and in consequence of some irregularity or delay in the railroad trains, their were about 2, 000 slightly wounded men collected at a point a mile from town, where the trains stopped, without the agents of the Sanitary Commission, these men were all fed, and some 300 sheltered that night. No system had as yet been adopted for the transportation of the railroad, though Surg. J. D. Osborne, Fourth New Jersey, detailed for this purpose by Surg. H. Janes. U. S. Volunteers, in charge of the hospital at Gettysburg, was using his best endeavors to work through the confusion and crowds of wounded with which he was surrounded, and I have to acknowledge the important services of this gentleman until the time of my departure . The railroad authorities were perplexed, and deficient in motive power and rolling stock. The bridges put up since the rebel raids proved too weak excepting for the lightest engines, and for a second time some were carried away by the floods. The telegraph wires were down, and the obstruction to transportation seemed insurmountable until General Haupt arrived and assumed military control of the road to Hanover Junction. We then experienced no further delays till the 18th, when an important bridge on the road to Harrisburg gave way under a cattle train, thus diverting, for the following five days, the trains that were intended for New York to Baltimore and York, Pa. Medical Inspector Cuyler arrived on the 11th, when I reported to him for duty, and, by mutual arrangement, I continued in immediate charge of the transportation of the wounded, which confined me to the railroad depot and city of Gettysburg. Every train of wounded was placed in charge of a medical officer detailed by Surg. H. Janes. Instruments, dressings, stimulants, &c., were furnished him, and he was instructed to announce his coming by telegraph, if possible, and to report in person to the medical director at the place of his destination. Each car was filled with a sufficient quantity of hay, and, on the longer routes, water-coolers, tin cup, bed-pans, and urinals were placed in them, and guarded on the route by some agents of the Sanitary Commission. In some instances, these conveniences were furnished by the medical department, but the demand for them by the hospitals often exhausted the supplies at the purveyors. Before leaving, the wounded were fed and watered by the Sanitary Commission, and often hundreds of wounded, laid over for a night or a part of a day, were attended and fed by the Commission, whose agents placed them in the cars. At Hanover Junction they were again refreshed and fed by the Christian Commission. At Baltimore, the agents of several benevolent societies distributed food bountifully to the wounded in the cars immediately on their arrival; and at Harrisburg the Commissary Department had made arrangements for feeding any number likely to pass that way.

