
I think these extracts show that it is to General Stannard and Colonel Gates the country is mainly indebted for the repulse of the enemy's charge and the final victory of July 3. The troops in the second and third lines also deserve special commendation, as they were equally exposed to the enemy's missiles. Although the artillery fire was very severe, I did not see a man desert his post. After the retreat of the enemy, we remained where we were, and bivouacked upon the field. The Vermont regiment, on picket, was relieved, through the kindness of General Birney, by a division of the Third Corps. On the 4th, my troops still retained the same position on the field of battle. On the 5th, they retired a few hundred yards to obtain a more pleasant encampment. On the 6th, they remained in the same place. On the 7th, I left very early under orders for Washington. Among the circumstances worthy of mention which occurred on the third day was the death of the rebel General Barksdale. He was brought into my lines by my acting assistant inspector-general, Lieutenant-Colonel[C. E.] Livingston. His dying speech and last messages for his family, together with the valuables about his person, were intrusted by him to Lieutenant-Colonel Livingston. I have already mentioned my staff in my report of the operations of the corps on the 1st. They did their whole duty without exception. Several had their horses shot. Lieutenant Cowdrey, assistant commissary of musters, was wounded. I was myself struck toward the close of the day by a piece of shell, but was not seriously injured. Dr. [George M.] Ramsay, chief surgeon of the division, is entitled to my thanks for his valuable services. Captain [Chandler] Hall, assistant quartermaster; Captain [John D.] Adair, commissary of subsistence; Lieutenant [Charles T.] Shaw, ordnance officer, and Lieutenant [George R.] Snowden, of the ambulance corps, were all zealous and efficient in the discharge of their duties.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. DOUBLEDAY,

Major-General of Volunteers.

Brigadier General S. Williams, Asst. Adjt. General,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac. -

Numbers 30. Reports of Major General John Newton, U. S. Army, commanding First Army Corps.

Headquarters First Army Corps,

September 30, 1863.

General: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this corps at the battle of Gettysburg and subsequently, until its arrival at Warrenton Junction: July 1. -The operations of this day are fully set forth in Major General Abner Doubleday's report, who commanded the corps in the bloody and important battle which inaugurated the three days' fighting at Gettysburg.

