
common with the other batteries in position, vigorously and effectively replied to the enemy's cannonading on this day. After the repulse of the enemy's attack (General Hancock having been wounded), I was placed in command of the line connecting General Sykes with Genera Howard. I conclude this report of the battle of Gettysburg by paying my tribute to the gallant and efficient conduct of the staff:Captain Craig W. Wadsworth, additional aide-de-camp; Captain John S. Bliss, Sixty-seventh New York Volunteers, aide-de-camp, severely wounded; Lieutenant H. W. Jackson, Fourth New Jersey Volunteers, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant Colonel H. C. Bankhead, assistant inspector-general; Lieutenant-Colonel Sanderson, commissary of subsistence, and First Lieutenant H. C. Egbert, Twelfth U. S. Infantry, commissary of musters. Colonel Wainwright, the chief of artillery of the corps; Captain Stevens, Fifth Maine Battery; Captain Reynolds, Battery L, First New York Artillery; Captain Cooper, Battery B, First Pennsylvania; Captain Hall, Second Maine Battery, and Lieutenant Stewart, Battery B, Fourth U. S. Artillery, all displayed the greatest gallantry throughout the engagements of the three days. Surg. J. Theodore Heard, medical director, and Surg. T. H. Bache, medical inspector, remained in the town of Gettysburg during its occupation by the enemy, and deserve the highest praise for their zealous and unremitting attention to the wounded.

July 4, the troops maintained the same position. The day was devoted to collecting and caring for the wounded.

On the 5th, the corps was concentrated, and attention was also given to the collecting of arms, the burial of the dead, and the care of the wounded.

On the 6th, the corps marched to Emmitsburg.

On the 7th, marched to Hamburg.

On the 8th, marched to Turner's Gap, where it took up position against a threatened attack of the enemy.

On the 10th, it took position beyond Beaver Creek.

On the 12th, it marched to Funkstown heights, and was posted in line of battle in presence of the enemy.

On the 14th, it marched to Williamsport.

On the 15th, to near Crampton's Pass. On the

16th, to near Berlin.

On the 18th, it crossed the Potomac, and marched thence to Waterford, Va.

On the 19th, to Hamilton.

On the 20th, to Middleburg.

On the 22d, to White Plains.

On the 23d, to Warrenton.

On the 25th, to Warrenton Junction.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN NEWTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General S. Williams, Assistant Adjutant-General. -
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,Near Gettysburg, Pa.,

July 5, 1863.

GENERAL: In compliance with circular of yesterday, I have the honor to forward you the following information: The number of colors ascertained to have been captured by this

