
attack of the enemy on the evening of the 2nd and morning of the 3d, with small loss to us. The officers of my staff and of my command performed their whole duty without an exception. Under these circumstances I cannot particularly commend any of them without doing injustice to others equally meritorious.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. S. WADSWORTH, Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

The ASSISTANT-ADJUTANT GENERAL,

First Army Corps. -

Numbers 33. Report of Colonel Henry A. Morrow, Twenty-fourth Michigan Infantry, First Brigade.
HDQRS FIRST BRIG., FIRST DIV., FIRST ARMY CORPS,Culpeper, Va.,

February 22, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Twenty-fourth Michigan Volunteers in the battle of Gettysburg, July 1, 1863, and the events immediately preceding: On June 28, we marched from Middletown, Md., to near Frederick City, and on the 29th we marched to Emmitsburg. The latter was a long march, in which the troops suffered much from fatigue. On June 30, we marched 3 or 4 miles, and bivouacked near Marsh Creek. At an early hour on July 1, we marched in the direction of Gettysburg, distant 6 or 7 miles. The report of artillery was soon heard in the direction of this place, which indicated that our cavalry had already engaged the enemy. Our pace was considerably quickened, and about 9 a. m. we came near the town of Gettysburg, and filed off to the left, leaving it on our right. We crossed an insignificant branch, and were moved forward into line of battle on the doublequick. The cavalry immediately in our front was hotly engaged with the enemy, and the brigade was ordered to advance at once, no order being given or time allowed for loading our guns. I halted my regiment for this purpose, but was directed by a staff officer-I think he belonged to the staff of General Wadsworth-to move forward immediately without loading, which I did. The order to charge was now given, and the brigade dashed up and over the hill and down into the ravine, through which flows Willoughby's Run, where we captured a large number of prisoners, being a part of General Archer's brigade. The cavalry in the meantime had taken position on our left flank. In this affair the Twenty-fourth Michigan occupied the extreme left of the brigade, the Nineteenth Indiana being on our right. I here lost my color-bearer, Abel G. Peck (a brave and faithful soldier), several of my color-guard, and many of my men. After advancing to the crest of the hill beyond the run, we were halted, and threw out skirmishers to the front and also to the left, near a brick house. We now received orders to withdraw to the east bank of the

