
Subsequently I took them from him to rally the men, and kept them until I was wounded. We had inflicted severe loss on the enemy, but their numbers were so overpowering and our own losses had been so great that we were unable to maintain our position, and were forced back, step by step, contesting every foot of ground, to the barricade. I was wounded just before reaching the barricade, west of the seminary building, and left the field. Previous to abandoning our last position, orders were received to fall back, given, I believe, by Major-General Doubleday. The command of the regiment now devolved upon Captain Albert M. Edwards, who collected the remnant of it, and fell back with the brigade to Culp's Hill, which it held for the two succeeding days. Shortly after I was wounded, Captain Edwards found the colors in the hands of a wounded soldier, who had fallen on the east side of the barricade. He was reclining on his right side, and was holding the colors in his left hand. I have not been able to ascertain the name of this brave soldier in whose paralyzed hands Captain Edwards found the flag. Captain Edwards describes him as being severely wounded, and he is, therefore, probably among our dead. His name may forever be unknown, but his bravery will never die. Captain Edwards behaved very gallantly at this time in rallying the men under a murderous fire. The field over which we fought, from our first line of battle in McPherson's woods to the barricade near the seminary, was strewn with the killed and wounded. Our losses were very large, exceeding, perhaps, the losses sustained by any one regiment of equal size in a single engagement of this or any other war.

The strength of the regiment on July 1 was as follows:Field officers 3Staff officers 1Line officers 24Non-commissioned officers and privates468Total496 Officers and MenKilled.Wounded.TotalField officers...33Staff officer...11Line officer81018Non-commissioned officers.224163Privates 49182231Total(*)79237316
About 80 of the enlisted men and 3 officers were reported as missing in action. Many of the men have never been heard from, and are known not to be in the hands of the enemy. They were undoubtedly killed, but, not having been so reported, are not included in the above. Captain George C. Gordon and First Lieutenant Asa W. Sprague and Second Lieutenant H. Rees Whiting were captured, and are still prisoners at Richmond.

