
at his post until forced by his wound to leave the field. Both of these officers have since been discharged from service on account of their wounds. they were universally esteemed and respected. Captain Hutchinson received a severe contusion in the groin early in the day, but remained with his company and behaved very gallantly. Captain Rexford was wounded in the change of front already referred to. His conduct here, as everywhere, was gallant and conspicuous. Captain edwards displayed great coolness and courage, and deserves honorable mention. Captain Dillon commanded his company with skill, and behaved very handsomely in skirmishing in front of McPherson's woods. Captain William W. Wight exhibited much coolness and courage. Lieutenant Dempsey was conspicuous for his gallantry in the charge across Willoughby's Run. Lieutenant Hutton was near me when I was wounded, and it was mainly through his assistance that I got off the field. His conduct in the engagement was all that could be desired, and confirmed my former opinion of his value as an officer. Captains Hoyt and Gordon, Lieutenants Farland, Dodsley, Sprague, Witherspoon, Norton, Buhl, Earnshaw, and Whiting, all acquitted themselves honorably. Their conduct was such as to win the confidence and respect of their men, and deserves the commendation of their commanding officer. In justice to the memory of the brave non-commissioned officers who were killed at Gettysburg, and whose conduct is highly praised by their superiors, I give their names below: Sergts. Andrew J. Price and George Cline, Company B; Joseph Eberle, Company C; John Powell, Company H; and Corpls. William Ziegler, Company a; Joseph Carroll and John H. Pardington, Company B; Otis Southworth, Company C; David E. Rounds and James Stirling, Company D; John Walls, Company E; I. W. Evans, Company F; William H. Luce, Jerome F. Failes, and Thomas Suggett, Company G; George N. Bentley and James B. Myers, Company I; and Jerome J. LeFevre, Company K. It would be impossible within the limits of a report like this to do more than give the names of these brave sergeants and corporals. Their history is a part of the history of the regiment, and its future historian will narrate their heroic conduct on the ever-memorable field of Gettysburg. Sergt. Major Andrew J. Connor was conspicuous for his bravery, and was severely wounded. Long before his wound was healed he returned to duty in the regiment. First Sergt. George W. Haight was suffering from a wound received at Fitzhugh's Crossing, but went into battle on July 1, and was severely wounded in the leg. He deserves mention for his bravery. In response to a circular addressed buy me to my company officers, asking for the names of such non-commissioned officers and privates as particularly distinguished themselves at Gettysburg, I have received the following: Private Augustus Sink, Company A, is spoken of by Captain Dillon in very high terms of praise for his gallantry on the skirmish line in front of McPherson's woods. Captain Albert M. Edwards says of First Sergt. Bucklin and Corpl. I. W. Evans: "They were both killed on the field. Both were par

