
ticularly distinguished in camp for their excellent moral character and the purity of their lives and example, and in the field for their unflinching courage and devotion. " This is high praise, and well bestowed. Corpls. Edward Dwyer and William Carroll, of Company B, died in hospital of the wounds received in this day's fight. Captain Burchell says: "This is high praise, and well bestowed. Corpls. Edward Dwyer and William Carroll, of Company B, died in hospital of the wounds received in this day's fight. Captain burchell says: "They were efficient and brave men, and sacrificed their lives in the discharge of their duties. " Captain Witherspoon, himself a brave soldier, writes that Sergt. Augustus Pomeroy, of Company C, particularly distinguished himself by his gallantry and devotion. Being too severely wounded to handle his musket, he tore cartridge for his more fortunate comrades, and subsequently rendered valuable services in taking care of the wounded. Such conduct in officer or soldier deserves to be recorded. First Sergt. William J. Nagle, of Company A, came under my own eye, and was wounded very near me. His conduct was brave almost to temerity. He died in hospital from the wound received in this battle. He was a brave, worthy, and intelligent soldier. Captain Farland, of Company D, speaks in high terms of praise of Sergt. Joseph Eberle and Corpls. David E. Rounds, James Stirling, and Andrew Strong. Corporal Strong came under my eye, and it affords me great pleasure to bear witness to his bravery. Sergt. Eberle continued in the fight after being twice wounded. Private John George Klink, of Company F, acquitted himself finely, and deserves notice. Surgeon Beach and Assistant Surgeons Collar and Towar were devoted and untiring in their attention to the wounded. Of Dr. Beach it may be truly said that no surgeon in the Army of the Potomac rendered more valuable services at Gettysburg than he. Chaplain William C. Way was early in attendance at the hospital, and rendered valuable services. He remained in attendance on the wounded several weeks after the battle, and both officers and men speak in the highest terms of praise of his kindness and efficiency. This report would have been imperfect without his reference to the surgeons and chaplain, whose conduct elicited universal remark. During the time I was a prisoner I conversed freely with distinguished rebel officers in relation to the battle on the 1st instant, and without exception, they spoke in terms of admiration of the conduct of our troops, and especially of that of the troops composing the First Army Corps. One of them informed me that Lieutenant General A. P. Hill said that he had never known the Federals to fight so well. At first the officers seemed very sanguine of their ability to dislodge the Army of the Potomac from its position, and the capture of Washington and Baltimore was considered a thing almost accomplished, and this feeling was fully shared by the private soldiers; but the admirable means taken by General Meade to meet every attack, and the successful manner in which he repulsed them, seemed to have a powerful influence in abating their confidence before the final order was received for the evacuation the town. From the cupola in the steeple of the court-house at Gettysburg I was an aye-witness of the movements of the revel army and of the dispositions made of the troops for the famous attacks on the left, right, and center of our position. The preparations for the final attack on our left center on Friday afternoon came directly under my eye.

