
From an officer of the rank of major, on the staff of Lieutenant General A. P. Hill, I was informed that the rebel army present at Gettysburg was about 90, 000 strong, and that their line of battle was estimated to be 8 miles long. The death of Major-General Reynolds was well known to the enemy, and the highest opinions of his skill and bravery were freely expressed. It did not seem to be well understood by the enemy that there had been a change in the commanders of the Army of the Potomac, and I was frequently asked if such was the case. The name of Captain George W. Burchell does not appear in connection with the battle of Gettysburg, for the reason that he was prevented by sickness from being there. He was wounded at Fitzhugh's Crossing in April, and at the time of the battle of Gettysburg was confined to quarters at Emmitsburg.

I have the honor to be, captain, your obedient servant,

HENRY A. MORROW,

Colonel Twenty-fourth Michigan Volunteers.

Captain J. D. Wood,

Assistant Adjutant-General. -

No. 34 Report of Major John Mansfield, Second Wisconsin Infantry.

Beverly Ford, Va.,

November 15, 1863.

SIR: In reporting the part taken by this regiment in the battle of Gettysburg, I have the honor to state: The regiment formed a part of the First Brigade of Wadsworth's division of the First Army Corps, Army of the Potomac, and on the morning of July 1, 1863, it had the right, and approached Gettysburg from the Emmitsburg poke. About 10 a. m., when near the town of Gettysburg, in the direction of and left of Seminary Ridge. Here the Federal cavalry were in line with a battery, actively engaged with the enemy's advancing infantry. By order of the division commander was thrown forward into line of battle in front of the cavalry, and ordered to advance, to repel an assault of the enemy's infantry upon the battery. The field officers, Colonel Fairchild, Lieutenant-Colonel Stevens, and Major John Mansfield, immediately dismounted, and, taking their proper places in line, advanced the regiment up a gentle slope, and when on its crest we received a volley of musketry from the enemy's line, from which many officers and men fell, among them Lieutenant-Colonel Stevens, mortally wounded. The advance of the regiment was steadily kept up under the direction of Colonel Fairchild, slightly obliquing to the right into a piece of timber skirting the ridge and extending several hundred yards to the right and front of our position. After pushing the advance for about 50 yards into this timber, in the face of a most terrific fire of musketry, Colonel Fairchild received a severe wound in the left arm, shattering his elbow. Being so completely disabled, and suffering from loss of blood, he was taken to the rear, when Major Mansfield assumed command of the regiment.

