
From such a record I may be spared from making what seems the usual commonplace remark, "that both officers and men behaved well. " No such record as here made can be shown excepting by a cool indifference to danger and long continued and stubborn resistance, resulting from hard-earned experience and thorough discipline. I desire to call the attention of the general commanding to Lieutenant Henry B. Harshaw, acting adjutant, for his ready and active assistance on several occasions during the trials of the day. Also to Corporal [Rasselas] Davidson, of Company H, and Corpl. Paul V. Brisbois, of Company G, for gallantly seizing (one the State, the other the National) colors of the regiment, after their respective bearers had been shot down in a storm of bullets, and carrying them undismayed throughout the remainder of the battle, and bearing them in safety and in triumph off the field.

JNO. MANSFIELD,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain J. D. Wood,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Brig., First Div., First Corps. -

No. 35. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Rufus R. Dawes, Sixth Wisconsin Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTH WISCONSIN VOLUNTEERS,July, 17, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report as follows of the operations of the regiment under my command during the action of July 1, near Gettysburg, Pa.: On the morning of July 1, as the brigade moved forward, in support of the Second Brigade of this division, to engage the enemy, I received an order to move my command forward rapidly and form it on the left of the line of the brigade. Without checking from a double-quick, the regiment formed into line, the men loading as they marched, and moved forward rapidly and steadily toward the position assigned. Before reaching my position in the line of battle, I was ordered to halt, and hold my men in reserve. At this juncture, the brigade guard (2 officers and 100 men, under command of First Lieutenant Lloyd G. Haris, of the Sixth Wisconsin), by direction of General Solomon Meredith, reported to me for duty in the impending battle. I divided the guard into two companies, placing the first on the right flank of the regiment, under command of Second Lieutenant Levi Showalter, of the Second Wisconsin; the second on the left, under command of Lieutenant Harris. I now received a second order to advance, which I was proceeding to execute when, by command of Major General A. Doubleday, commanding the corps, the regiment was again halted (my left resting on the Fairgield road), and detached from the brigade as a general reserve to the line of the division, now hotly engaged throughout. In a very few moments I received an order from Major-General Doubleday to move at once to the support of the right of the line of the division (Seventy-sixth New York, Fifty-sixth Pennsylvania, and One hundred and forty-seventh New York), which was being forced back and outflanked be the enemy. I marched by the right flank double-quick toward the point indicated. Before

