
by the rear rank, and moved (my right near railroad embankment) steadily back in line of battle over the open field to the city, almost directly toward the lines of the enemy, who had completely out flanked us on the Eleventh Corps front, and already gained possession of a portion of the city. There was much confusion; the streets were crowded with retiring troops, batteries, and ambulance trains. The men were almost prostrated with over-exertion and heat. The rebel sharpshooters (Ewell's troops) occupied the streets on our left, and their lines of battle almost completely encircled the city; but by great exertion on the part of the officers the regiment preserved its integrity, and the men, assembling around their colors, gave in the streets hearty cheers for the old Sixth and the good cause. I moved to Cemetery Hill, and by direction of General Wadsworth, in open field on Culp's Hill, reported for duty to Colonel W. W. Robinson, now commanding the brigade. The loss of the regiment on a July 1 was: Officers, 2 killed and 5 wounded; enlisted men, 27 killed, 106 wounded, and 24 missing. The loss sustained by the brigade guard in the charge upon the railroad cut I cannot give. Both officers commanding, Lieutenants Harris and Showalter, were disabled by wounds received in the charge. I can only say that the men of the Sixth most nobly sustained their history in this desperate struggle. Captain John Tickonor, of Company K, was instantly killed while cheering his men on to the charge. This officer rose from the ranks, winning his captaincy for coolness and efficiency in command of skirmishers at South Mountain, and was distinguished for bravery upon every battle-field of the regiment. A good officer, a brave man, a genial, whole-souled companion, Ticknor will be sadly missed from our circle. Second Lieutenant Orrin D. Chapman was also killed at the railroad cut. He was in command of Company C. He had but lately been commissioned. He was always a faithful, obedient soldier, and as an officer brave and efficient. The officers, without exception, behaved, as on many battle-fields before, with devoted courage, each holding his own life and safety of less account than the good conduct of his men and regiment. To Major Hauser and Adjutant Brooks I am much indebted for assistance in maneuvering the regiment throughout the battle. I cannot speak too highly of the bravery and efficiency in action of each of these officers. Without reflection upon other officers of the line, I feel it due to their conspicuous bravery and good conduct that I should mention Captain Rollin P. Converse and Lieutenant Charles P. Hyatt, of Company B, and Lieutenant Goltermann, of Company F. Captain Covnerse commanded the party who brought safely from the field and saved from capture the gun of the Second Maine Battery that had been abandoned to the enemy. We recaptured this piece in a charge at the railroad cut.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. R. DAWES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Sixth Wisconsin Volunteers.

Captain J. D. WOOD,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Brig., First Div., First Corps.

