HEADQUARTERS SIXTH WISCONSIN VOLUNTEERS, July 4, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the accompanying battle-flag of the Second Mississippi Volunteers was captured by the regiment under my command under the following circumstances: Shortly after the opening of the action on the morning of July 1, the regiment was, by command of Major-General Doubleday, detached from the brigade, and ordered to the support of the right of the line of the division, which was being forced back and outflanked by the enemy. I moved as rapidly as possible on the advancing lines of the enemy, joining with the Ninety-fifth New York and Fourteenth Brooklyn on my left. A brisk fire was opened throughout the line, which soon checked the enemy and forced him to take refuge in a railroad cut. I ordered a charge upon the cut. The men moved forward, well closed and upon a run. When our line reached the edge of the cut, the rebels ceased firing and threw down their arms. At my demand, Major [J. A.] Blair, commanding the regiment in my front, the Second Mississippi, surrendered his sword and regiment. The battle-flag was taken before the surrender by Corpl. F. Asbury Waller, of Company I, and sent to the rear in charge of Sergt. William Evans, of Company H, who was badly wounded. The sergeant was taken prisoner by the enemy and held for two days in Gettysburg; but with the assistance of some ladies of the city, whose names I have not learned, he successfully concealed the colors, and, finally, when the enemy retired, brought it safely to the regiment.

R. R. DAWES,Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Sixth Wisconsin Volunteers.

Captain T. E. Ellsworth,

Actg. Asst. Adjutant-General, First Division, First Corps. -

Numbers 36. Report of Colonel William W. Robinson, Seventh Wisconsin Infantry.

HEADQUATERS SEVENTH WISCONSIN VOLUNTEERS,

November 18, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Seventh Regiment Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry, under my command, in the engagement at Gettysburg on July 1: We left our camp, on the road running from Emmitsburg to Gettysburg, about 5 miles from the latter place, early on the morning of the 1st, with the brigade, the Second Wisconsin leading, the Seventh next in column. Arrived in the vicinity of Gettysburg about 10 a. m., when we heard firing to the left of the town, and were informed that our cavalry were engaged with the enemy's advance. The brigade was immediately moved across the field to the left, to the point where the cavalry were engaged, where we formed them in position behind a grove of timber and slight elevation of land, their position being behind and parallel to this ridge, with their skirmishers dismounted and thrown forward of the ridge. Just at the time we came up, a brigade of the enemy's infantry was advancing upon the position. We were ordered to take position on the ridge in front of the

