
in previous battles. Every officer and enlisted man performed his whole duty. * I may mention, without the notice being invidious to others, the conduct of Lieutenant Colonel John B. Callis and Major Mark Finnicum. From both these officers I received able assistance. Their conduct was a repetition of their gallantry on previous battle-fields. Lieutenant-Colonel Callis was severely wounded late in the day. Also, Sergt. Daniel McDermott, color-bearer, who was severely wounded just as we were entering the town, retiring, by a charge of grape and canister, the same charge shivering the flag-staff into a number of pieces. McDermott was placed upon a caisson that was moving ahead of us, still hanging to the tattered banner, which he waved in defiance at the foe as he rode off. He has carried this color through every battle in which the regiment has been engaged. Our casualties were:

Officers and men.Killed.Wounded.Missing.Total.Officers....10111Enlisted men269942167Total2610943178
Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. ROBINSON,

Colonel, Commanding Seventh Wisconsin Volunteers.

Captain J. D. Wood,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade. -

No. 37. Report of Brigadier General Lysander Cutler, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS SECOND BRIG., FIRST DIV., FIRST ARMY CORPS,In the Field,

July 9, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part performed by this brigade in the actions of the 1st, 2d, and 3rd days of the month, near Gettysburg, Pa.: The brigade-excepting the Seventh Indiana, which was on duty in the rear-moved from camp early on the 1st instant (being the leading brigade of the corps) on toward Gettysburg. As we approached, and when within about 2 miles of the town, I was ordered to move obliquely to the left across the fields to the ridge near the seminary, west of the town, where the enemy were already engaging our cavalry. I moved forward across the railroad with the Seventy-sixth New York Volunteers, One hundred and forty-seventh New York volunteers, and the Fifty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers, immediately formed in line of battle, and found myself engaged with a vastly superior force of the enemy, advancing in two lines, at short

---------------

*A medal of honor was awarded to Sergt. Jefferson Coates for gallantry in this engagement. - COMPILER.

---------------

