
I immediately sent the Fourteenth Brooklyn and the One hundred and forty-seventh and Seventy-sixth New York, where they remained until I received orders to move my brigade to the rear in the best order I could. I moved off on the railroad embankment, and, although exposed to the enemy's fire on both flanks, the men marched with perfect steadiness and no excitement. Their steadiness had the effect to bring the enemy to a halt, when he threw out skirmishers, thus relieving me from the fire of his main line on the left The brigade completely covered the troops who were retiring on my right from the fire of the enemy on my left. I suffered severely while retiring, having myself a horse killed on the railroad and another wounded going through town. after passing through town to Cemetery Hill, I was joined by the Seventh Indiana, which had come up. The Seventh was sent, by order of General Wadsworth, to hold the crest of a hill to the right, and the balance of the brigade, having been in action from 10 a. m. until 4 p. m., were allowed to rest for the night. Early on the morning of the 2nd instant, the brigade was moved to the hill, and took a position between the First Brigade and General Greene's brigade of the Twelfth Corps. I consider it unnecessary to particularize as to the operations of the 2nd and 3rd instant, as most of the time we were immediately under the eye of the division commander. Sufficient to say that the fighting on those days was mostly in the trenches, with small loss to us and great loss to the enemy. It affords me the highest satisfaction to bear testimony to the good conduct of all the officers and men of the brigade, with but one or two exceptions. Colonel Hofmann, Fifty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers; Major Harney, One hundred and forty-seventh New York Volunteers; Major Pye, Ninety-fifth New York Volunteers; Captain Cook, Seventy-sixth New York Volunteers, deserve special mention for gallantry and coolness. Colonel Fowler, Fourteenth Brooklyn, for charging the enemy at the railroad cut in connection with the Ninety-fifth New York and sixth Wisconsin, by which the One hundred and forty-seventh New York was relieved from its perilous position. Major Grover, commanding Seventy-sixth New York Volunteers, a brave and efficient officer, was killed early in the action of the 1st instant, and the command devolved upon Captain John E. Cook, and most ably and faithfully did he perform the duty. Lieutenant-Colonel Miller, commanding the One hundred and forty-seventh New York Volunteers, was severely wounded at the head of his regiment on the 1st instant. Colonel Biddle, Ninety-fifth New York, on assuming command of their respective regiments, did all that brave men and good soldiers could do, and deserve well for their services. Sergt. Henry H. Hubbard, Company D, One hundred and forty-seventh New York Volunteers, was in command of the provost guard of the brigade on the morning of the 1st instant. He formed the guard, consisting of 18 men, on the right of the Seventy-sixth New York, and fought until the battle was over, losing 12 of his men. He deserves promotion. The color-sergeant of the One hundred and forty-seventh New York was killed, and the colors were caught by Sergt. William

