
A. Wybourn, of Company I, One hundred and forty-seventh New York, and brought off the battle-field by him, notwithstanding he was himself severely wounded. For amount of losses in the several regiments, I refer to separate reports on that subject. * The loss is fearful, and I can only hope that the country may not again require that these brave men shall go through so severe an ordeal. In closing, I beg to acknowledge my great obligations to Captain John A. Kellogg, acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain William Bloodgood, acting aide; Lieutenant S. W. Woodrow, of the Ninety-fifth New York Volunteers, and Lieutenant T. W. Miller, volunteer aide on my staff. On the 1st instant, Captain Bloodgood and Lieutenant Woodrow were severely wounded. These officers all acted with the most perfect coolness and bravery during the whole action. Every one of my staff and orderlies was dismounted by having their horses shot; Lieutenant Miller and Captain Bloodgood twice each, and Lieutenant Woodrow three times. Lieutenant [Homer] Chisman, acting assistant inspector-general, came up from the rear, and joined me at 3 o'clock on the 1st instant; Lieutenant Burritt, of the Fifty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers, was detailed on my staff on the 2nd instant, and both behaved admirably. Captain Kellogg not only behaved admirably on the whole, but deserves special notice for his exertions in rallying the men when repulsed on the 1st; for his efficiency in moving and placing re-enforcements to the right on the night of the 2d, when the enemy were making strenuous efforts to turn our right flank, and for having cut down with his saber a cowardly field officer of another corps who was endeavoring to march his men out of the trenches, and for keeping the men in their position.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. CUTLER,

Brigadier General, Comdg. 2nd Brig., 1st Div., 1st Army Corps.

Captain T. E. ELLSWORTH,

Aide-de-Camp, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 38. Report of Colonel Ira G. Grover, Seventh Indiana Infantry.
HDQRS. SEVENTH REGIMENT INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,July 9, 1863.

SIR: In accordance with circular from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following report of the action of the regiment under my command from the 1st instant to the present date:

On the afternoon of July 1, I joined the brigade at Gettysburg, having been previously detached at Emmitsburg by order of General Reynolds. By command of General Wadsworth, we took up a position on the hill east of Gettysburg, forming at that time the extreme right of our lines. We immediately commenced the construction of a temporary breastwork. During the succeeding night a force of the enemy attempted to penetrate our lines, but were easily driven off,

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 178

---------------

