
supposing themselves confronted by a heavy force. This position we continued to occupy until the evening of the 3rd instant, the fire of the enemy being more or less severe during the entire time, when we were ordered, with two other regiments of the brigade, to the support of a portion of the Eleventh Corps on Cemetery Hill. On the following morning we were ordered to advance through the town, under command of Colonel Hofmann, of the Fifty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers. Having arrived near the farther extremity of the village, the order was countermanded, and we returned to the position taken on the 1st instant. On the morning of July 5, we took up position on the battle-field south of town, in connection with brigade. On the following day, marched to Emmitsburg, and the next day crossed the Catoctin Mountain. The day following we marched through Middletown, crossing South Mountain, and took up position in our present camp. The officers of my command, without exception, were unfaltering in the discharge of their duties and behaved with commendable bravery. The men are equally deserving of credit. I deem it proper to make special mention of Sergeant [William] Hussey, Company B. On the night of the 1st instant, unassisted, he captured a lieutenant of the Twenty-fifth Virginia Regiment and drove off a squad of 20 men. Accompanying this report I send you a list of the casualties. * Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

IRA G. GROVER,

Colonel, Commanding Seventh Indiana Volunteers.

Captain J. A. KELLOGG,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brig., 1st. Div., 1st Army Corps.

Numbers 39. Report of Captain John E. Cook, Seventy-sixth New York Infantry.

CAMP NEAR BOONSBOROUGH, MD.,

July 11, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on July 1, at about 10. 30 a. m., being the extreme advance regiment of the First Corps, we reached the battle-field near the seminary at Gettysburg, and while marching by the flank were opened upon by the enemy, stationed in large force at a distance of about 30 rods, where they were lying down concealed from view in a wheat-field. We were exposed to their fire several minutes before replying. The men were cautioned to hold their fire until the enemy appeared, when orders were given to commence firing. At this juncture, a large force of the enemy deployed upon our right flank, subjecting us to a galling cross-fire. Major Grover then ordered the right wing to change front to the rear to oppose the new force. Simultaneously with this he fell, mortally wounded, and the brigade commander ordered the regiment to fall back. This was done in good order and the line reformed on the railroad track near the seminary. We again advanced and took our old ground, which we held for some time; then fell back to the woods

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement p. 173.

---------------

