
on the brow of the hill; thence advanced right-oblique a short distance, obtained a good position, and silenced the fire of the enemy, who lay behind a fence in the hollow. Here we shot down their colors (having done so twice in the first engagement), and a portion of our regiment charged with the Ninety-fourth New York, and took a large body of the enemy and a stand of colors. Being out of ammunition, the Ninety-fourth New York relieved us, and we were not again under infantry fire until we passed through Gettysburg. Here we lost 8 or 10 men by falling bricks and infantry fire in the streets; since which time the history of the regiment behaved admirably, with one or two exceptions. Each man came up to the mark without flinching, and remained there, taking careful aim and displaying great coolness. I desire to mention particularly the following officers for distinguished bravery and coolness on the field: Captains J. L. Goddard, Company F; H. W. Pierce, Company A; and S. M. Byram, Company D; First Lieutenants C. A. Watkins, Company G; J. C. Hatch, Company C; and N. G. Bartholomew, Company K; First Sergts. Ira C. Potter, Company A; Silas Smith, Company I; and Homer D. Call; and Sergts. George W. Steele, Company G; and B. I. D. Fox, Company H. The casualties were as follows: Killed, 32; wounded, 132; missing, 70. Total, 234. I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. COOK,

Captain, Comdg. Seventy-sixth New York Volunteers.

Captain J. A. KELLOGG,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

Numbers 40. Report of Colonel Edward B. Fowler, Eighty-fourth New York Infantry (Fourteenth Militia).
HDQRS. FOURTEENTH NEW YORK STATE MILITIA,July 9, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit the following report of the three days' battle, July 1, 2 and 3, 1863:

On entering the field, the Ninety-fifth New York Volunteers and Fourteenth Regiment New York State Militia were formed on the left of the brigade, a house and garden intervening between them and the right wing. We were at once engaged by the enemy's skirmishers from woods to our left and front. We drove the enemy back, and I then found that the enemy were advancing on our right, and were then to our rear, and in possession of one of our pieces of artillery. I immediately ordered my command, Ninety-fifth New York Volunteers and Fourteenth New York State Militia, to march in retreat until on a line with the enemy, and then changed front perpendicular to face them, the enemy also changing front to meet us. At this time the Sixth Wisconsin Regiment gallantly advanced to our assistance. The enemy then took possession of a railroad cut, and

