
I gave the order to charge them, which order was carried out gallantly by all the regiment, by which the piece of artillery was recaptured. The advance was continued until near the cut, when I directed the Sixth Wisconsin to flank it by throwing forward their right, which being done, all the enemy within our reach surrendered-officers, battle-flag, and men. Those in line on the left of my line escaped by following though the railroad cut. I held this position until ordered to the rear to join the brigade. The conduct of both officers and men in the whole command deserves the highest praise. The loss was very severe on our side, but I think much greater on the part of the enemy. The Fourteenth participated in the action of the brigade during the remainder of the day, and the retreat through Gettysburg to near position on Cemetery Heights. On the 2nd instant this regiment remained in the second line of the position of the brigade until near dark, when it was ordered to re-enforce General Greene on the right, and became engaged partially with a regiment of the enemy, supposed to be the Tenth Virginia, who had penetrated inside our lines. As I was in doubt whether they were friends or enemies, I hesitated in opening fire upon them, but at length gave them a volley, which drove them from their position on our flank. The regiment remained with General Greene all night, part of the time in the trenches, and was relieved shortly after sunrise, and returned to the brigade. On the morning of the 3rd instant, we were ordered again to the right, to re-enforce General Geary. Fought in the trenches, and lay in reserve until 5 p. m., when the regiment was relieved and ordered to join the brigade. The loss of the regiment for the three days' fight amounts to nearly 50 per cent. of the force engaged, as shown by list already forwarded. I cannot praise too highly the gallantry of the whole command, both officers and men; all doing so well that I would be unjust to particularize individual cases.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

E. B. FOWLER,

Colonel, Comdg. Fourteenth New York State Militia.

General LYSANDER CUTLER,

Comdg. Second Brig., First Div., First Army Corps.

Numbers 41. Report of Major Edward Pye, Ninety-fifth New York Infantry.

IN THE FIELD, July 11, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with circular from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to report: The Ninety-fifth Regiment, under command of Colonel George H. Biddle, was marched in front of the enemy on the 1st instant and engaged them. The left wing of your brigade, comprising the Fourteenth New York State Militia and the Ninety-fifth New York Volunteers, under the command of Colonel Fowler, seeing the right wing of the brigade give way, retired a short distance, and then formed line of battle in connection with the Sixth Wisconsin Volunteers, and together charged upon and took as prisoners a large number of the enemy, being part of the same force which had previously driven back the right wing of the brigade.

