
At this time Colonel Biddle was wounded and retired from the field. I then took command of the regiment, in which I was ably assisted by Captain James Creney, senior captain of the regiment. We were ordered to retire to a new position, in doing which we assisted in dragging off by hand a piece of artillery left on the field. We again advanced to near the ground where the right and again engaged the enemy. From this position we were also compelled to retire by reason of being flanked by the enemy. We were next ordered to a position on the right of the Theological Seminary, and again engaged the enemy. From this position we retired along with the whole First Army Corps. My regiment behaved very well, and gave me just cause to be proud of it. All the officers, with one or two exceptions, behaved well. This regiment lost, in killed, 7; wounded, 8 officers and 54 men, and missing (mostly prisoners), 1 officer and 45 men. On the 2nd instant, we occupied the intrenchments on the right, and aided in repelling the enemy. No casualties occurred. On the 3rd instant, we continued in the same intrenchments until about 3 p. m., when we were ordered, with the Fifty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers and Seventh Indiana Volunteers, to support the left at a point near the cemetery. Our aid was not needed. We remained here during the night, and returned to our former position on the right on the morning of the 4th instant. I will take occasion to recommend for promotion several non-commissioned officers who deserve special mention. I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. PYE,

Major, Comdg. Ninety-fifth New York Volunteer Regiment.

Captain J. A. KELLOGG,

A. A. A. G., 2nd Brig., 1st Div., 1st Army Corps.

Numbers 42. Report of Colonel J. William Hofmann, Fifty-sixth Pennsylvania Infantry.

IN THE FIELD, July 11, 1863

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the operation of my regiment from the morning of the 1st instant to date. On the morning of the 1st instant, the regiment, under my command, left camp on the Emmitsburg and Gettysburg road, near Marsh Creek. We numbered 17 officers and 235 enlisted men for duty. We marched to Gettysburg, and engaged the enemy at 11 a. m. We suffered severely. In twenty minutes our loss in killed and wounded was over 70. On the 2nd instant, we engaged the enemy on the ridge in rear of the town. Our loss here was 2 enlisted men killed and 3 wounded. Total loss: Killed, enlisted men, 10; wounded, 6 officers and 64 enlisted men; prisoners, 2 officers, enlisted men unknown; missing, 38 enlisted men.

