
My officers and men did all that could be asked of brave men. Of the enlisted men it is but just to mention Corporal [Patrick] Burns, of Company D, acting color-bearer, who was wounded while gallantly waving the flag in the face of the enemy on the evening of the 2nd instant. Private [George] Nolter, of Company D, was successful in capturing a major of the rebel army on the morning of the 4th instant. Of the officers wounded, Lieutenant Gordon, Company B, has since died. A list of names of the killed and wounded is herewith submitted. *

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. HOFMANN,

Colonel, Comdg. Fifty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Captain KELLOGG,

A. A. A. G., 2nd Brig., 1st Div., 1st Army Corps.

Numbers 43. Report of Brigadier General John C. Robinson, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division.

HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FIRST ARMY CORPS

July 18, 1863

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations this division in the engagements of the 1st, 2d, and 3rd instant: On the morning of Wednesday, the 1st, the division marched from Emmitsburg, bringing up the rear of the column, and when about 3 miles from Gettysburg, hearing firing in front, it was pushed rapidly forward, and, arriving on the field, was placed, by order of the major-general commanding First Corps, in reserve, near the seminary. Almost immediately after taking this position, I received notice that the enemy was advancing a heavy column of infantry on the right of our line of battle, when I sent the Second Brigade, under Brigadier-General Baxter, to meet it. Orders being received at this time to hold the semminary, the First Brigade, under Brigadier-General Paul, was set at work to intrench the ridge on which it is situated. I then rode to the right of the line, to superintend the operations there. On my arrival, I found my Second Brigade so placed as to cover our right flank, but with too great an interval between it and the line of the First Division. I at once directed General Baxter to change front forward on his left battalion, and to close this interval toward which the enemy was making his way. By the time this change was effected, the whole front of the brigade became hotly engaged, but succeeded in repulsing the attack. The enemy, however, soon after brought up fresh forces in increased masses, when, finding the position so seriously threatened, I sent for and brought up the First Brigade, and placed part of it in the position first occupied by Baxter's brigade, and the remaining battalions as a support to his second position. The enemy now made repeated attacks on the division, in all of which he was handsomely repulsed, with the loss of three flags and about 1, 000 prisoners.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 173.

19 R R-VOL. XXVII, PT I

---------------

