
The officers of my staff were actively engaged during the whole of the three days' engagements. Lieutenant [Samuel M.] Morgan, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant [Frederick M.] Hallock, aide-de-camp, and Lieutenants Bratton and Mead, acting aides, were at all times distinguished for their gallantry and good conduct. Captain [John G.] Hovey, acting assistant inspector-general, was wounded and taken from the field early in the fight. Lieutenant Smith, ordnance officer, was diligent in the performance of his duty, and collected and turned in 2, 251 muskets and a large number of equipments. It affords me pleasure to call special attention to the gallant conduct of one of my orderlies, Sergt. Ebenezer S. Johnson, First Maine Cavalry, whose chevrons should be exchanged for the epaulette. When we make officers of such men, the soldier receives his true reward and the service great benefit. This division went into battle with less than 2, 500 officers and men, and sustained a loss of 1, 667, of which 124 were commissioned officers. I transmit herewith a nominal and tabular statement of casualties, showing the loss of each regiment. *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. C. ROBINSON

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

The ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL

First Army Corps.

ADDENDA.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FIRST ARMY CORPS,November 15, 1863.

Major General GEORGE G. MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I feel it is my duty to inform you of the intense mortification and disappointment felt by my division in reading your report of the battle of Gettysburg. For nearly four hours on July 1 we were hotly engaged against overwhelming numbers, repulsed repeated attacks of the enemy, captured three flags and a very large number of prisoners, and were the last to leave the field. The division formed the right of the line of battle of the First Corps, and during the whole time had to fight the enemy in front and protect our right flank (the division of the Eleventh Corps being at no time less than half a mile in rear). We went into action with less than 2, 500 men and lost considerable more than half our number. We have been proud of our efforts on that day, and hoped that they would be recognized. It is but natural we should feel disappointed that we are not once referred to in the report of the commanding general. Trusting that you will investigate this matter and give us due credit.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. C. ROBINSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, pp. 173, 174.

---------------

