
Missing-

commissioned officers, 3;

enlisted men, 63;

of which a report has heretofore been furnished. Some of those reported missing, it has since been ascertained, were wounded; others were secured upon the retaking of the town, the residue having been taken by the enemy. An additional and detailed report of the losses will be made so soon as the necessary information can be had. * The conduct of both officers and men as they came under my observation during this trying engagement was most creditable, so much so as to secure even the encomiums of the enemy. Not a single case of faltering came under my notice. I desire to mention the gallantry of Colonel Wheelock and Lieutenant-Colonel Spofford, of the Ninety-seventh New York Volunteers, the first for the manner in which he brought his regiment into action and sustained it, the second on account of his moving forward and fighting the skirmishers of the two regiments as he did. Both subsequently fell into the hands of the enemy. I wish also to call attention to the conduct of one of General Robinson's mounted orderlies, Sergeant Johnson, of the First Maine Cavalry. The promptitude with which he conveyed orders and communicated information was highly creditable. He has proved himself on this as well as on other fields to be a brave soldier.

I have the honor to remain, yours, respectfully,

R. COULTER,

Colonel Eleventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers.

The ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Second Brigade, Second Division, First Army Corps.

BALTIMORE, MD.,

July 9, 1863.

SIR: The following is a report of the part taken by the First Brigade in the engagements with the enemy, from the 1st to the 4th instant, at Gettysburg, Pa.: My regiment was transferred from the Second to the First Brigade about 5 p. m. on the 1st instant, when the division was formed in the cemetery. I was directed to assume command on account of the disability of General Paul and loss of other field officers. I can, therefore, state but little of the part taken in the engagement of the earlier part of the day on the west side of the town, excepting what is contained in the reports of the several regimental commanders, which accompany and are made part of this report. In the action, this brigade was formed on the left of the Second Brigade and right of the First Division, and was engaged until 3 p. m., when a part was moved to the right, to relieve the Second Brigade, their ammunition being exhausted. Both flanks of the corps in the meantime having been turned by the enemy, this brigade retired, with the residue of the division, under a very destructive fire, along the railroad embankment and through the town to the cemetery, where the division was reformed about 5 p. m. Here, as before stated, I assumed command. Later in the evening, moved toward the left, and took position on the left of the Eleventh Corps, and, having built breastworks of such materials as were at hand, remained there in support of the batteries at that point until relieved by the Third Division, Second Corps, about noon next day.

---------------

*See revised statement, p. 173.

---------------

