
assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant Howe, of the Thirteenth Massachusetts, as aide-de-camp, of whom I desire to make special mention for assistance rendered me. This report is made under unfavorable circumstances, away from the brigade, and without means of obtaining full information, which facts will account for any deficiencies.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

R. COULTER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant S. M. MORGAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division.

Numbers 45. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Augustus B. Farnham, Sixteenth Maine Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH MAINE VOLUNTEERS,August 19, 1863.

Report of the part taken by the Sixteenth Maine Volunteers in the recent operations of the army, from June 28 to July 24, 1863.

June 28, 1863. -On picket 5 miles to the north of Middletown, Md. At 3 p. m. received orders to be ready for a move, and at 4 p. m. the regiment moved by the old road over the mountains to Frederick City, arriving there at 3 a. m. on the morning of the 29th. Resumed our line of march at 5 a. m., and marched a distance of 26 miles, passing through Emmitsburg at 6 p. m., and camped near the town. Distance marched from 4 p. m. June 28 till 6 p. m. June 29, 40 miles. June 30. -Marched at 8 a. m., and, after proceeding about 4 miles, crossed the Pennsylvania line, and camped for the night.

July 1. -Marched at 6 a. m. After proceeding a short distance, heard cannonading to the front. After reaching the battle-ground, we were ordered with the rest of the brigade forward toward the right and in rear of a large house and ridge, where we halted for a few moments. We were then ordered, with the Ninety-fourth New York Volunteers, to the left and front, and threw up a barricade of rails, &amp;c. In fifteen minutes we were ordered to the right, to engage the enemy at the top of the ridge, and which being done we changed front, our right resting on the top of the ridge and running parallel with the fence and woods and in front of our original lines. Here we engaged the enemy, and drove him from his position, after which we were ordered to the rear in the woods, where we lay skirmishing with the enemy a few moments. We were then ordered, alone, by General Robinson, to take possession of a hill which commanded the road, and hold the same as long as there was a man left. We took the position as ordered, and held the same until, finding the enemy in such force, and rapidly advancing on us, and seeing no support coming to our aid, we fell back into the hollow, and formed again, but could not hold our position, and finally fell back into the woods, where we engaged the enemy until, finding that we were again left without support, and the enemy engaging us both front and flank, ordered a retreat, but not in time to reach the main body of the brigade. Our loss in killed, wounded, and missing for the day was: Officers

