
killed, 1; enlisted men killed, 8; officers wounded, 5; enlisted men wounded, 47; officers missing, 11; enlisted men missing, 151; total, 223.

July 2. -Supported a battery on Cemetery Hill until nearly dark, when we were ordered to the left, and ran the gauntlet of a very heavy artillery fire, reaching the point of attack just as the enemy were being driven back. We returned to our position on the right, and about 9 p. m. moved on the hill in front of the batteries and near the town, where we were much annoyed by the enemy's sharpshooters firing from the windows and houses.

July 3. -Soon after daylight we were ordered to the rear of the batteries. As we rode up from behind the stone wall, we received a volley from the enemy's pickets, but fortunately did us no damage. We held a position in support of a battery until the enemy making a desperate attack on the center, our division was sent to re-enforce the Second Corps. Reached the point of attack as the enemy were being driven back broken and defeated. We relieved the Second Corps, built breastworks on the edge of the woods, and after sending out a strong picket, bivouacked for the night.

July 4. -Our pickets skirmished with the enemy's during the day. July 5. -The regiment was relieved at 12 m., and moved to the left and rear, and bivouacked in a small piece of woods for the night. Our loss in killed and wounded during the 2d, 3d, 4th, and 5th, was as follows: Officers killed, none; enlisted men killed, none; officers wounded, 1; enlisted men wounded, 3; total, 4.

July 6. -Moved at 7 a. m. and camped near Emmitsburg. Length of march, 8 miles.

July 7. -Marched through Emmitsburg, Mechanicstown, near the Catoctin Mountains, and camped on the western slope, 4 miles north of Middletown. Length of march, 25 miles.

July 8. -Marched at daylight in a heavy rain. Passed through Middletown, and halted 1 mile west of the town at 11 a. m. Marched again at 4 p. m., and bivouacked on the western sloped of South Mountain.

July 9. -Remained in line of battle on South Mountain.

July 10. -Marched at 5 a. m. through Boonsborough, and halted 3 miles west of the town and threw up breastworks. Moved about 80 rods to the rear, and threw up more breastworks at right angles with the first, the former running north and south. Length of march, 7 miles.

July 11. -Remained in line near Beaver Creek till 3 p. m., when we went on picket.

July 12. -Were called in at 10 a. m. Moved through Funkstown, and formed a line of battle on north side of Antiatam Creek, facing Hagerstown, at 4 p. m. Remained in line two hours, and then moved by the left flank about 40 rods, and formed on the left by file into line; then by the left flank about 30 rods, and built breastworks; then bivouacked for the night.

July 13. -Remained in line; some skirmishing in front.

July 14. -Moved at 1 o'clock toward Williamsport, and camped 1 mile this side of the town.

July 15. -Marched at 5. 30 a. m., and passed through Smoketown, Keedysville, and Knoxville, and camped at the base of the Catoctin Mountains, on the west side, near Crampton's Gap.

July 16. -Marched at 6 a. m., and passed through Crampton's Gap past Burkittsville, and camped near Berlin.

