
July 17. -Remained in camp.

July 18. -Marched at 6 a. m., and crossed the Potomac at Berlin. Passed east of Lovettsville, and bivouacked near Waterford. Length of march, 10 miles.

July 19. -Marched at 6 a. m. through Waterford, by Harmony Church, through Hamilton, and camped half a mile west of the town. Length of march, 6 miles.

July 20. -Marched to Middleburg; distance, 15 miles.

July 21. -Remained in camp.

July 22. -Marched at 7 p. m. toward White Plains. Until about 11 p. m. the marching was very slow and tedious, being in the rear of the train. At 12 o'clock men still on the march.

July 23. -Marched until 4 a. m., and bivouacked at White Plains. At 7 a. m. marched toward Warrenton. Reached Warrenton at 5 p. m., and formed a line of battle on the southwest side of the town. Bivouacked for the night.

A. B. FARNHAM,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Sixteenth Main Volunteers.

[Captain BYRON PORTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

Numbers 46. Report of Lieutenant Colonel N. Walter Batchelder, Thirteenth Massachusetts Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRTEENTH MASSACHUSETTS VOLUNTEERS,August 21, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with circular received August 18, 1863, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the movements of the army, from June 28 till its arrival at Warrenton, Va.:

June 28. -Broke camp at Middletown, Md. at 3. 30 p. m., and marched over the old mountain road to near Frederick City, arriving in camp at 8 p. m. Distance marched was 9 miles.

June 29. -Marched at 5 a. m., passing through Emmitsburg at 5. 30 p. m. ; camped near the town. Distance marched was 26 miles, the greater part of the march being over mud roads in very bad condition, owing to continued rains.

June 30. -Marched at 8 a. m., and, after proceeding about 6 miles, crossing the Pennsylvania line, halted and formed line of battle, the First Division having encountered the pickets of the enemy. July 1. -Marched at 6 a. m. After proceeding about 4 miles, heard cannonading in front, our cavalry and flying artillery having engaged the advance of the enemy. We rapidly neared the firing, and General Paul notified the brigade that they were immediately going into an engagement. We left the road, and moved out to the front of Gettysburg, and soon came under the fire of the enemy. The enemy so far outnumbering us, our brigade was sent into action by regiments, and with so great an interval between my regiment and the one on my left that we wee not able to properly support each other. My regiment was on the extreme right flank of the division and the edge of the woods in which the action commenced.

