
July 18. -Crossed the Potomac on pontoons, and camped near Waterford.

July 19. -Marched to Hamilton.

July 20. -Marched to Middleburg.

July 22. -Marched as rear guard to the supply train. Arrived at White Plains at 3 a. m. of the 23d.

July 23. -Marched at 10 a. m., and reached Warrenton at 4 p. m., and went into camp.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. W. BATCHELDER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Thirteenth Massachusetts Vols.

Captain BYRON PORTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 47. Report of Major Samuel A. Moffett, Ninety-Fourth New York Infantry.

RAPPAHANNOCK STATION, VA.,

August 20, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I beg leave respectfully to submit the following report of the part taken by the Ninety-fourth Regiment New York Volunteers, commanded by Colonel A. R. Root, from June 28 until its arrival at Warrenton on July 23, 1863. On the afternoon of June 28, we marched 7 miles, to near Frederick City. On the 29th, we marched a little beyond Emmitsburg, near which place the Ninety-fourth picketed during the night. The next morning marched about 3 miles out of the village, where we remained during the day.

July 1, marched to near Gettysburg, and, after moving forward to near the brick seminary, we were ordered to throw up breastworks. After remaining here a short time, we were ordered forward. We advanced though the woods to a fence, beyond which was the enemy. After dislodging and driving them from their position, we commenced to charge across the field, but after proceeding a part of the way were met by a large opposing force, and at the same time became aware of their advance on our left flank, threatening to cut off our retreat. We immediately fell back in good order to the woods. At this period Colonel Root being wounded, the command of the regiment devolved upon me. We remained in the woods about half an hour, slightly changing our position several times. I was then ordered by General Robinson to take my command to the crest of the hill near by, which I immediately did. I remained in this position until we fell back to the hill on the south side of the town, losing heavily in wounded and prisoners. The report of this day is necessarily meager, as Colonel Root, who had command of the regiment during the hottest of the engagement, is absent a prisoner, and, no doubt, is possessed of much valuable information concerning the battle which I had not the means of ascertaining. We remained in the vicinity of Cemetery Hill during July 2 and 3, occasionally changing our position in obedience to orders. We were

