
constantly under fire, either from the batteries of the enemy or from their sharpshooters, but, fortunately, no one was killed and but few were wounded. Late in the afternoon of the 3d, in the midst of a heavy fire, we moved a short distance to the left of the hill, where we immediately threw up breastworks. Our skirmishers, which were at once sent forward, remained out during the night and the day following. On the morning of the 5th, we marched to the left about 1 mile, and here remained during the day and night. The next morning we commenced a march which was continued during the two following days, passing on our way the villages of Emmitsburg and Middletown. On the 8th, we halted on the western slope of South Mountain range, and immediately threw up breastworks. Here we remained until the 10th, when we moved forward to near Little Beavertown, on Beaver Creek, and again threw up intrenchments. At this place the Ninety-fourth New York was ordered out on picket duty, which we performed until the following day. On the morning of the 12th, we again moved forward, and marched to near Hagerstown, where we immediately proceeded to intrench ourselves in close proximity to the intrenchments of the enemy. Our skirmishers were engaged during the night and the next day, but no casualties occurred. Early on the morning of the 14th, it was discovered that the skirmishers of the enemy had been withdrawn, and that their line of intrenchments had been abandoned. Soon after, we received orders to advance, which we did without opposition, arriving near Williamsport late in the afternoon on the same day, and learning that the entire force of the enemy had recrossed the river. The next day, in compliance with orders, we faced about and marched toward Berlin, which place we reached about noon, July 16. Here we encamped until the morning of the 18th, when we crossed the Potomac River, marching in a southerly direction. Continuing our march, we passed the villages of Waterford, Middleburg, and White Plains, and reached Warrenton on the 23rd day of July, 1863.

S. A. MOFFETT,

Major, Commanding Ninety-fourth Regiment.

Captain BYRON PORTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 48. Report of Colonel Gilbert G. Prey, One hundred and fourth New York Infantry.
HDQRS. 104TH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,August 18, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with circular from headquarters Army of the Potomac, August 12, 1863, I have the honor to report that on the 28th of June last the One hundred and fourth Regiment New York Volunteers marched from Middletown, Md., to Frederick City, Md. ; bivouacked for the night. On the 29th, marched to Emmitsburg, Md. ; bivouacked for the night about 1 mile west of the town. On the morning of the 30th, marched across the State line into Pennsylvania, north of Emmitsburg; bivouacked until the next morning, when we resumed the march to Gettysburg, where we arrived about 1 o'clock.

