
South Mountain, near and to the north of Turner's Gap, formed line, and were ordered to throw up a breastwork of stones, of which there was an abundance. Remained there until the 10th, and then marched on the pike toward Hagerstown, through Boonsborough, to within 3 miles of Funkstown, and filed to the right some three-fourths of a mile from the pike, and formed line nearly parallel to the pike, and were ordered to throw up breastworks, which we did, and remained there until the 12th July; then marched to Funkstown, formed line nearly parallel with Antietam Creek; was ordered to throw up breastworks. Remained there until the 14th July; Thence to near Williamsport; bivouacked over night. The next morning (July 15) marched to near Crampton's Gap; bivouacked on the west side of the mountain. Thence (July 16) to Berlin; remained there until July 18, when we marched to Waterford, Va. Thence (July 19) to Hamilton. Thence to Middleburg July 20; remained there until July 22, when we marched to White Plains, arriving there at daylight July 23. Thence the same day to Warrenton.

GILBERT G. PREY,

Colonel One hundred and fourth New York Volunteers.

Captain BYRON PORTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 49. Report of Captain Jacob J. Bierer, Eleventh Pennsylvania Infantry.

HDQRS. ELEVENTH PENNSYLVANIA VOL. REGIMENT, August 22, 1863.

]SIR: In reply to circular from Headquarters Army of the Potomac, August 12, 1863, I respectfully make the following report: About 2 p. m. June 28, the regiment marched from Middletown, MD., to the left of Frederick City;, and encamped about 2 miles from said city.

June 29. - Early we left camp and marched through Mechanicstown, and encamped near Emmitsburg, Md.

June 30. - Marched through Emmitsburg on the Gettysburg road, and encamped 2 miles east of town and about one-fourth of a mile north of the Maryland and Pennsylvania line; there mustered for pay.

July 1. - The regiment marched to Gettysburg and were engaged with the enemy, Colonel Coulter being in command, whose report has already been made.

July 2. - The regiment, on the evening of July 1, having taken position in rear of breastworks on the south side of the town, was early this morning relieved by troops of the Second Corps, and marched about one-fourth of a mile to Cemetery Hill, in rear of which, with the division, it was formed to support a battery stationed on the hill. It remained here until 8 p. m., when it was marched to the left. At 9. 30 p. m. it resumed its former position, and was subsequently formed in rear of a stone wall between the hill and town, along the road, where it remained until the morning of the 3d, at daylight, when it was moved to the position it formerly occupied in the rear of the cemetery. It remained until noon, when it was moved to the right.

