
About 2 p. m. the enemy commenced shelling so heavily as to make it necessary to move to the north side of the hill, where it remained about an hour, when it was marched across the cemetery to the right of the position occupied on the 2d, where it was formed in line, and remained during the balance of the day and until the 5th.

July 5. - Early in the morning the regiment, together with the brigade, was withdrawn from the rifle-pits and moved to the left, where we remained during the day and night.

July 6. - Early in the morning we left this position and move to the State line of Pennsylvania, in Adams County, a distance of 6 miles, toward Emmitsburg, Md., and was there detailed for picket duty. July 7. - At 3 a. m. the pickets were called in and the regiment rejoined the brigade; marched through Emmitsburg and Mechanicstown, and encamped in the evening on a range of the South Mountain, about 5 miles from Middletown, Md.

July 8. - Started at daylight and marched through Middletown, Md., and bivouacked on the north side of South Mountain, and remained there during the night and next day, having thrown up entrenchments.

July 10. - At 8 a. m. moved from this position, marching through Boonsborough. Was halted at Beaver Creek, and threw up breastworks, expecting to be attacked by the enemy, and lay in this position during Saturday, the 11th.

July 12, Sunday. - At 12 m. left encampment; moved to Funkstown, crossing Antietam Creek; formed line of battle, and entrenched in the evening, having marched about 7 miles.

July 13. - Remained in the entrenchments thrown up on the previous day.

July 14. - The enemy having left our front, marched to within 1 1/2 miles of Williamsport.

July 15. - Marched through Keedysville, Md., and Petersville, and encamped at the foot of South Mountain.

July 16. - At 5. 30 a. m. marched across South Mountain, passing through Burkittsville, and encamped near Berlin early in the day, and remained there during the day and night and next day until the morning of the 18th.

July 18. - Passed through Berlin, and, crossing the river on pontoon bridge, marched to Waterford. On this day the regiment, temporarily assigned to the First Brigade, was, in accordance with new orders from headquarters Second Division, of July 18, transferred to the Second Brigade.

July 19. - At 8 a. m. left Waterford and marched to Hamilton.

July 20. - Crossing Goose Creek; came to Middleburg, where we encamped, and remained on the 20th and 21st.

July 22. - Left camp at 6 p. m., and, marching through the night, arrived at White Plains at 3 o'clock in the morning.

July 23. - Left camp at 8 a. m. and marched toward Warrenton, Va., where we arrived at 3 p. m.

I have the honor to be, yours, respectfully,

J. J. BIERER,

Captain, Comdg. Eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Lieutenant J. H. SMITH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

