
Numbers 50. Report of Lieutenant Colonel James MacThomson, One hundred and seventh Pennsylvania Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 107TH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS, July 10, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following necessarily short report of the part the regiment under my command took in the engagement of July 1: Went into the fight at about 1 p. m., with 230 guns and 25 commissioned officers, the men loading as they walked. Were in action about two hours. Captured more prisoners than the regiment numbered. I regret to report the loss of large numbers of most excellent soldiers. The casualties are, as far as ascertained, as follows: Field officers, lieutenant-colonel slightly, major severely, wounded; 3 commissioned officers known to be wounded, and 6 commissioned officers missing; 11 enlisted men known to be killed, 48 known to be wounded, and 93 missing. Men could not have fought better than these men, and I am gratified to say that not a single exhibition of cowardice of either officers or men was observed during the whole engagement.

Respectfully submitted.

With much respect, I am, lieutenant, your most obedient servant,JAMES MACTHOMSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. 107th Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Lieutenant SMALL, A. A. A. G., First Brig., Second Div., First Army Corps.

Numbers 51. Report of Captain Emanuel D. Roath, One hundred and seventh Pennsylvania Infantry.

RAPPAHANNOCK, Va., August 15, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report, as per orders from brigade headquarters, from June 28 to July 22, inclusive, viz: June 28. - Left camp near Middletown, Md., and marched to Frederick City, Md. June 29. - We marched from Frederick City to Emmitsburg, passing on the way through Lewistown, Mechanicstown, and Catoctin Furnace settlement; also passing those famous Catholic institutions of learning, viz, the college and sisterhood near Emmitsburg. Having marched all day in rain and mud, reaching our destination of 23 miles at 5. 30 p. m., the men were much fatigued on the march, but all answered and were accounted for at roll-call. We bivouacked about 1 mile west of Emmitsburg. June 30. - We marched toward Gettysburg, and bivouacked about

