
conter-marched a short distance; halted until 4 p. m., when were ordered forward again some distance, and encamped about 3 miles north of Emmitsburg, on Pennsylvania soil.

July 7. - Brigade ordered into line, and took up its line of march toward Middletown, Md., passing through Franklin Mills and Mechanicstown; also crossed the Catoctin Mountains, and encamped near Beallsville, Md.

July 8. - Left camp near Beallsville, marched through the place to Middletown, and encamped a few hours south of the town in a heavy rain, it having also rained all the previous night. At 4 p. m. we again took up our line of march to South Mountain. Bivouacked there until the 10th, in line of preparation. Our cavalry had quite a sharp and successful encounter with the enemy on the 9th.

July 10. - Moved forward, passing through Boonsborough and Benevola to near Beaver Creek, and entrenched; lay in that position until the 12th.

July 11. - My regiment was detailed for picket, and was stationed at Beaver Creek, a fine, thriving settlement; the enemy in large numbers in the neighborhood.

July 12, Sunday. - Marched through Funkstown and bivouacked near Hagerstown, Md., throwing up strong breastworks, and remained there until the 14th.

July 14. - Left the breastworks and moved toward Williamsport, passing through and over the strong and abandoned works of the enemy, and bivouacked about 1 mile east of Williamsport for the night. The last of the enemy had recrossed the Potomac during the day, our cavalry capturing about 700 of them on their retreat and destroying a great portion of their train.

July 15. - Took up the line of march toward Berlin, passing through Jones' Cross-Roads, Smoketown, Marsh, Keedysville, Locust Street, and Rohresville, and bivouacked for the night near Crampton's Gap. July 16. - Marched through the gap (while passing through the gap from the most elevated positions we had a fine view of Pleasant Valley, Md., and it was a grand scene, for nature had just clothed it in the richest garb to welcome, as it were, the loyal and victorious arm; y of the Union), leaving Burkittsville to our left, which is a fine, pleasant town, and bivouacked about 3 miles from Berlin, and remained there until the 18th.

July 18. - Marched to Berlin, crossed the Potomac into Loudoun County, Va., leaving Lovettsville to our right, and encamped near Waterford.

July 19. - Marched through Waterford to Hamilton, and bivouacked in a fine woods (Sunday). July 20. - Marched to Middleburg, and lay encamped near the town along the Aldie pike until 6 p. m. of the 21st. Marched to White Plains during the night, arriving there at 4 a. m. on the morning of the 22d. After a few hours' rest and breakfast, we moved to Warrenton same day. Had no casualties during the march.

Respectfully submitted.

I am, captain, with much respect, your most obedient servant,

E. D. ROATH,

Captain, Comdg. One hundred and seventh Pa. Vols.

Captain BYRON PORTER,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Brig., Second Div., First Army Corps.

