
acquitted himself nobly; Lieutenant-Colonel Moesch, Eighty-third New York Volunteers, and Major Foust, of the Eighty-eight Pennsylvania Volunteers - who could all be seen in the thickest of the fight, cheering on their men, and giving system and efficiency to their work. Indeed, officers and men of the command behaved nobly. Colonel Wheelock, being in the rear, was taken prisoner while passing through Gettysburg, but I have the extreme satisfaction of reporting his escape and return to his regiment, where he was received with cheer upon cheer. It is with pleasure I make favorable mention of the members of my staff: Lieutenant [David P.] Weaver, acting assistant adjutant-general, who exhibited a coolness and bravery seldom excelled, until he was struck in the foot by a bullet, making it necessary for him to retire. Lieutenant [Francis] Thomas, acting assistant inspector-general, and Lieutenant [Robert C.] Knaggs, aide-de-camp, rendered me every assistance possible. Lieutenant Thomas passed through the battle nobly and with honor to himself, but while passing through the streets of Gettysburg was struck by a shell, killing him instantly. Lieutenant Knaggs was taken prisoner in Gettysburg while executing one of my orders. Just before we moved from this point, Colonel Coulter was assigned to the command of the First Brigade, taking his regiment (Eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers) with him. About 5 o'clock the brigade moved, with the division, from Cemetery Hill to the left and forward, near and parallel with the Emmitsburg road, where we formed in line of battle and made temporary breastworks, and remained in this position until about 10 o'clock on the morning of the 2d, when we were relieved by General Webb's brigade, of the Second Corps, moving to the rear a short distance, where we remained until about 4 p. m. We were then ordered to the right a short distance, to support a battery of the Eleventh Corps, remaining in this position until about 6 o'clock, being exposed to the enemy's shells and sharpshooters, and losing some men. We were now ordered to the left, to the assistance of a division of the Third Corps, which was hard pressed, and, while moving into position, some of the enemy; s shells struck in our ranks, killing and wounding a few men. When we arrived in position, we were ordered by General Robinson to at once send skirmishers to the front, which was done, but no enemy was found, they having been driven. It was now dark, and we were ordered to the right, to the support of a line of the Eleventh Corps, near the position we last left, where we remained until the morning of the 3rd instant, when we were again ordered to the support of the batteries of the Eleventh Corps, where we had been the evening previous. About 9 a. m. we were ordered to the right and rear of Cemetery Hill, in support of the Twelfth Corps, which was then heavily engaged, remaining until about 1 p. m. We were now ordered to the right and front of Cemetery Hill, in support of the batteries, sustaining a heavy fire from the enemy's batteries for nearly two hours. We were then ordered to the left and rear of Cemetery Hill, where we had but just formed line of battle when we were ordered to the left, and on the right of General Hays' division, of the Second Corps, where we at once formed line of battle, throwing up breastworks. In taking this position, we passed under one of the most galling fires of artillery ever witnessed. The main attack had been repulsed, but we were sorely annoyed by the enemy's skirmishers and sharp-

