
was a strong one. Our whole line became engaged, and the enemy fell back out of sight. Soon their second line appeared on our front. After firing several rounds, and finding them, as I thought, crippled, the order was given to charge. The Ninety-seventh New York Volunteers succeeded in charging over the ground without having any killed and but few wounded. We brought out as prisoners 213 officers and men of the twentieth North Carolina Regiment, with their colors. We took more prisoners than we had men in our regiment at the time. Soon after returning we made a second charge, bringing in over 80 prisoners. At this time the third line of the enemy appeared, and the force on our right flank (part of the Eleventh Corps), giving way, and also our left flank, we fell back, as ordered, to the second line. Being hard pressed by superior numbers, the whole brigade fell back to the third line. After keeping our line against a superior force, a heavy line of the enemy coming on our flank and almost in our rear, the whole line fell back and through the village, many being taken prisoners, myself included. I cannot give a detailed account of the second and third days, as I was not present, but learn from the officers of the regiment that they were on duty all the time, either skirmishing or supporting batteries. The regiment was under command of Major Charles Northrup after my capture. I cannot name officers and men for bravery, as I should do injustice to others. All did their duty, and seemed to vie with each other. Lieutenant Colonel J. P. Spofford had his horse shot, and I consider acted most bravely; in fact, all did their duty to mu entire satisfaction. I wish to say one word outside of my regiment in regard to Generals Baxter and Robinson. They were on every part of the field, encouraging and stimulating the men by their presence and bravery. *

Yours, respectfully,

CHARLES WHEELOCK,

Colonel, Comdg. Ninety-seventh New York Volunteers.

Captain FREDERICK GUYER,

A. A. A. G., Second Brig., Second Div., First Army Corps.

Numbers 54. Report of Captain Edmund Y Patterson, Eighty-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry.

NEAR RAPPHANNOCK STATION, VA., August 22, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to circular from headquarters Army of the potomac, August 12, 1863, I make the following report of operations from June 28 to July 23, date of arrival at Warrenton, Va.:

June 28. -Having been in camp with the brigade, we received orders to march about 4 p. m., and about 9 p. m. halted outside of Frederick City, Md., and encamped for the night.

June 29. -Left camp at frederick, and marched to Emmitsburg and encamped.

---------------

* Nominal list of casualties, here omitted, embodied in revised statement. p. 174

---------------

