
July 18. -Left camp near Berlin, Md. ; crossed the Potomac upon a pontoon bridge, and reached Waterford.

July 19. -Left Waterford, and marched some 5 miles to Harmony Church, Va.

July 20. -Marched to middleburg and encamped.

July 21. -Remained in camp.

July 22. -Left Middleburg about 6. 30 p. m., marched all night, and halted at White Plains, Va., three hours.

July 23. -Continued our march to warrenton, Va., arriving about 5 p. m. I append a list of killed, wounded, and missing during July 1, 2, and 3. *

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. Y, PATTERSON, Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant-Colonel LEECH,

Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 55. Report of Brigadier General Thomas A. Rowley, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division.

HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, FIRST ARMY CORPS, July 28, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the division under my command at gettysburg. Pa., on July 1: The command itself had devolved upon me the day previous. The division was composed of two brigades: The First, commanded by Colonel Chapman Biddle, of the One hundred and twenty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, consisted of the One hundred and twenty-first, One hundred and forty-second, and One hundred and fifty- first Pennsylvania Volunteers, and the Twentieth New York State Militia; the Second, commanded by Colonel Roy Stone, of the One hundred and forty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, consisted of the One hundred and forty-third, One hundred and forty-ninth, and One hundred and fiftieth Pennsylvania Volunteers. On the morning of July 1, these two brigades were marched in the direction of Gettysburg from different points within 5 or 6 miles of that town, the First Brigade being detached, and directed to take the advance with a battery of four pieces. Toward 11 o clock these two portions of y division reached the battle-field from the south, and occupied the several positions as signed them on the right and left of the Lutheran Theological Seminary, at the distance of a half mile or more to the west of it. The brigades were separated then by an interval of from 150 to 200 yards. That portion of the field on which the troops of the Third Division were engaged was undulating, here and there covered with grain, and small woods extended across it in a westerly direction, nearly dividing the ground into two equal parts. The First Brigade occupied the southern half, and, facing west, formed on the ground

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 174.

---------------

