
where it renewed its fire, giving time for the removal of a battery which had been established there. The general good conduct of the division renders it difficult to particularize individual acts of gallantry. I take pleasure in calling to the notice of the commanding general Colonel Chapman Biddle, commanding First Brigade, and Colonel Dana, commanding Second Brigade, and also the following officers, recom-mended by brigade commanders: Colonel Gates, Twentieth New York State Militia; Lieutenant-Colonel McFarland, commanding One hundred and fifty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers (severely wounded); Lieutenant-Colonel McCalmont of the One hundred and forty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers; Maj, Alexander Biddle, One hundred and Twenty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers; Major Musser, One hundred and forty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers; Lieutenant-Colonel Dwight, Captains Irvin and Glenn, One hundred and forty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers; Colonel Wister and Lieutenant-Colonel Huidekoper, One hundred and fiftieth Pennsylvania Volunteers; Major Chamberlain, One hundred and forty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, * and Adjutant Ashurst, One hundred and fiftieth Pennsylvania Volunteers, as being distinguished for bravery. The members of the Second Brigade staff are likewise favorably noticed. I would also call to the notice of the commanding general Lieutenant William L. Wilson (slightly wounded), acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain Flatt, assistant inspector-general (killed on July 3), and Lieutenant Moore, One hundred and forty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, aide-de-camp (all acting on staff July 1), for gallant con duct. The death of Colonel Cummins. One hundred and forty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, a brave and efficient officer, has occasioned feelings of regret throughout the command. An official list of killed, wounded, and missing has already been returned to headquarters.

Yours, &amp;c.,

THOMAS A. ROWLEY,

Brigadier General, Comdg. Third Div. First Corps, Army of Potomac.

Lieutenant-Colonel KINGSBURY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Army Corps.

Numbers 56. Reports of Colonel Chapman Biddle, One hundred and twenty first Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding regiment and First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier THIRD DIV., FIRST ARMY CORPS,In the Field, near Gettysburg, Pa., July 2, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit, for the information of the general commanding the division the following sketch of the operations of the brigade in the brigade in the action of Wednesday, the lst instant, near Gettysburg, l Pa.: Early in the morning of the lst, I was directed to move with the brigade and a battery of four pieces of artillery about 1 1/2 miles in

*One hundred and fiftieth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

---------------

+Embodied in revised statement, p. 174.

---------------

