
McCalmont, of the One hundred and forty-second Pennsylvania volunteers, and of Major Biddle, commanding the One hundred and twenty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers. I desire also to call attention to the valuable services rendered me by Captain Warren (One hundred and forty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers), acting brigade inspector, and Lieutenant T. M. Hall (One hundred and twenty-first Pennsylvania volunteers), acting assistant adjutant-general, during the action. I regret to add that Lieutenant-Colonel McFarland (One hundred and fifty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers) was badly wounded while faithfully discharging his duties. The death of Colonel Cummins, of the One hundred and forty-second [Pennsylvania], a brave and efficient officer, has occasioned feelings of deep regret throughout the command.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAPMAN BIDDLE,

Colonel 121st Pennsylvania Volunteers, Comdg. Brigade.

Lieutenant W. L. WILSON,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Div., First Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS 121ST PENNSYLVANIA VOL. REGIMENT,Near Gettysburg, Pa., July 4, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that the command of the First Brigade, which had devolved upon me on the night of June 30 and during July 1, was resumed on the 2nd instant by General Rowley. The report of the operations of the brigade on the first day's fight has already been furnished, including that of the One hundred and twenty-first Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers. I have now to add a few words in reference to the part taken by the regiment on the 2nd and 3rd instant. On the morning of the 2d, the regiment was moved into a field to the south of and near the cemetery, and placed under cover of a stone wall by the roadside, where it remained during the forenoon. Toward 12 m. it was exposed to a severe shelling, which reached it from both the front and the rear during a sharp attack made by the enemy on our extreme right. The peculiar shape of the general line of battle, resembling somewhat a flattened horseshoe, will account for this effect. In the afternoon the fire slackened, when the regiment was moved behind a wall on the other side of the road, in which position its defenses were reached by the enemy's musketry. The attack on this part of our line ceased toward evening, when the regiment changed its position to a field in front, and subsequently to the road, where the night was passed. On the morning of the 3d, the regiment was moved to the left, to a field nearly opposite to our left center, where it remained during the morning, exposed somewhat to the enemy's fire. Toward 1 p. m. a violent cannonading from a very large number of pieces of artillery was concentrated on our position, which continued for upward of two hours and a half without intermission, destroying much of the breastwork sheltering the men, and wounding 3 of them. During the hottest part of this fire the regiment was moved in good order to an adjoining field to the left, and placed behind a breastwork of rails near the crest of a hill, where it remained throughout the attack on the center. This attack, of a most determined character, was finally and successfully repulsed toward sundown by the troops in the first line,

