
supported by our artillery. The steadiness of the men during the fury of the unparalleled artillery fire of the enemy cannot be too highly commended, and to it in some measure may be attributed the brilliant results of this day's operations.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAPMAN BIDDLE,

Colonel One hundred and twenty-first Pennsylvania Vols.

Lieutenant WILSON,

Acting assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 57. Reports of Colonel Theodore B. Gates, Eightieth New York Infantry (Twentieth Militia).

HDQRS. TWENTIETH REGIMENT NEW YORK STATE MILITIA, In Field, near

Gettysburg, Pa., July 2, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the recent operations of this command: My regiment joined the brigade near Emmitsburg on the afternoon of the 30th ultimo, and on the following morning at 8 o'clock I marched with the brigade and reached a position near the enemy, about 1 1/2 miles west of Gettysburg, where the brigade was immediately formed in line of battle, faced due north, my battalion holding the left. The brigade was soon afterward moved by the right flank some half a mile to the southeast, and a new line of battle formed, faced to the west. In this position the brigade advanced through the open fields into a valley and to the edge of a piece of woods, where for a time the fire of the enemy's musketry and artillery was quite heavy: We were shortly after ordered to retire over the crest of the hill in the cleared field, where the men were somewhat protected. When in this position, I was ordered to advance accompany of skirmishers to a brick house and stone barn opposite our left flank and some eighth of a mile in front, just across the valley before referred to. I detached Captain Baldwin, Company K, for this duty. About 1 p. m. we moved by the left flank into the gettysburg road, when this regiment and the One hundred and fifty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers formed line of battle, faced to the north, the other two regiments of the brigade being drawn up in line in front. During this change of front, the artillery fire of the enemy was severe. At 2. 30 p. m. the lines were advanced across the fields and front changed to the left until we resumed the third position of the forenoon This movement was made under a warm artillery fire. The enemy soon afterward advanced two very strong lines of infantry, and, driving in our skirmishers (I had some time before, at the request of Captain Baldwin and by permission of Colonel Biddle, reenforced Captain Baldwin with Company G, Captain Cunningham), moved rapidly on our lines. Their line extended the front of two regiments beyond our left flank, completely enfilading our line, and pouring a terrible fire into our front and left flank. We held the position until the artillery was removed, and then fell back slowly behind a barricade of rails, some eighth of a mile in our rear and in front of Gettysburg College, the enemy following, rapidly in great force. Here the men

were rallied and formed behind the bar

