
ington. Neither this capital nor Harper`s Ferry could long hold out against a large force. The must depend for their security very much upon the co-operation of your army. It would, therefore, seem perilous to permit Lee`s main force to move upon the Potomac while your army is attacking an intrenched position on the other side of the Rappahannock. Of course your movements must depending a great measure upon those made by Lee. There is another contingency altogether improbable--that Lee will seek to hold you in check with his main force, while a strong force will be detached for a raid into Maryland and Pennsylvania. The main force of the enemy in North Carolina have probably come north, but I think all available troops in South Carolina and Georgia have been sent to re-enforce Johnston in Mississippi. Such is the information here . General Heintzelman and General Dix are instructed to telegraph directly to you all the movements which they may assertion or make . Directions have also been given to forward military information which may be received from General Schenck`s command. Any movements you may suggest of troops in these commands will be ordered, if deemed practicable. Lee will probably move light and rapidly. Your movable force should be prepared to do the same . The foregoing views are approved by the President.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 5, 1863. (Received 6, 45 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War: The following is a dispatch has been received from Brigadier -General Buford, commanding at Warrenton Junction:

WARRENTON JUNCTION, June 5, 1863.

Colonel A. J. ALEXANDER

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have received information, which I consider reliable, that all the available cavalry force of the Confederacy is in Culpeper County. Stuart, the two Lee, [B. H.] Robertson, [A. G.]Jenkins, and[W. E.]Jones are all there. Robertson came from North Carolina, Jenkins from Kanawha, and Jones from the Valley. Jones arrived at Culpeper after the others, on the 3d. Since the Chancellorsville fight, their cavalry has bee very much increased from the infantry; 800 Texans, from Hood's command, have been recently mounted on horses from Richmond. My informant a refugee from Madison County, says that Stuart has 20, 00. Can't tell his intentions, but thinks he is going to make a raid.

J BUFORD,

Brigadier-General.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General. -

June 5, 1863-9. 15 p. m. (Received 9. 45.)

His Excellency THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

Mr. PRESIDENT:I should very much like to have Captain [Tredwell] Moore ordered to this army. Since writing this morning, I concluded to make a demonstration on the enemy by throwing a couple of bridges across the river at Franklin's Crossing, and to learn, if possible, what the enemy are

