
right took position in rear of this new work, leaving open the space between my right and the bluff, on which was the nearest battery. At 1 o'clock the enemy opened from his right-center battery, which was soon followed by all his guns on his right and center, and the position occupied by my command was swept by a tempest of shot and shell from upward of one hundred guns for nearly three hours. When the cannonading subsided, the enemy's infantry debouched from the orchard and woods on his right center, and moved in two lines of battle across the fields toward the position I have described. Our skirmishers (from the Vermont brigade) fell back before them, and sought cover behind the breastworks on my left. The enemy came forward rapidly, and began firing as soon as they were within range of our men. When they had approached within about 200 feet of the bottom of the valley heretofore mentioned, the troops of my command opened a warm fire upon them. Almost immediately the first line faced by the left flank, and moved at a double-quick up the valley and toward Gettysburg. The second line followed the movement. Reaching a position opposite the bluff, they faced to the right, and moved forward rapidly in line of battle. Perceiving that their purpose was to gain the bluff, I moved my command by the right flank up to the foot of the bluff, delivering our fire as we marched, and keeping between the enemy and the object of his enterprise. He succeeded in reaching the fence at the foot of the bluff, but with ranks broken and his men evidently disheartened. Some succeeded in getting over the fence into the slashing, from which and behind the fence they kept up a murderous fire. The men were now within quarter pistol-range, and, as the fence and fallen trees gave the enemy considerable cover, I ordered the Twentieth New York State Militia and the One hundred and fifty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers to advance to the fence, which they did, cheering, and in gallant style, and poured a volley into the enemy at very short range, who now completely broke, and those who did not seek to escape by flight threw down their arms. Very few of those who fled reached their own lines. Many turned after having run several rods and surrendered themselves. We took a large number of prisoners, and the ground in front of us was strewn with their dead and wounded. During the latter part of this struggle, and after it ceased, the enemy's batteries played upon friend and foe alike. The troops engaged with us were Pickett's division, of Longstreet's Corps. Among the killed and wounded in my immediate front was Colonel [J. G.] Hodges, Fourteenth Virginia, and several line officers. Two colors were left upon the ground by the enemy. Thus terminated the final and main attack upon our left center. It was now neatly 6 p. m., and my command was relieved by a portion of the Second Corps, and withdrawn to the Taneytown road, where it remained through the night. It will thus be perceived that the two regiments I had the honor to command were wither actually engaged with the enemy or occupying a position in the front line from the beginning of the battle on the morning of July 1 until its close on the evening of the 3d, excepting only about six hours on the 2d. I went into action on the 1st with 28 officers and 259 men. I lost during the three days 3 officers killed, 15 wounded, and 1 taken prisoner; enlisted men, 32 killed, 96 wounded, and 23 taken prisoners. Total, 170. My loss in killed and wounded was two-thirds of my officers and half of my men.

