
I beg particularly to call attention to the meritorious conduct of Sergeant [William] Hardy, color-bearer, who carried off the regimental colors, the staff shot to pieces in his hands; also to the gallantry of Captain Ashworth and Lieutenant Ruth, both wounded; also to Lieutenants Funk and Dorr and Captain Sterling. Acting Sergeant-Major [Henry M.] Cowpland, Sergeant [Henry H.] Herpst, in command of Company A, and Sergeant [Charles] Winkworth, are all deserving of high commendation; also Corporal [John M.] Bingham, of Company A. The constant changes of position which the regiment was ordered to make, and the seeming uncertainty of which way we were to expect an attack, or what position we were to defend, was exceedingly trying to the discipline of the regiment. Their conduct was, in my opinion, far beyond praise. I also wish to call attention to those whom the men speak of as deserving of high commendation - Sergeants [Robert F.] Bates, [William A.] McCoy, [Joshua L.] Childs (wounded who insisted on remaining with his company), [John] McTaggart, James Allen, and Charles Barlow, Corporals Daniel H. Weikel and [Edward D.] Knight, and Privates T. B. H. McPherson and William Branson.

Respectfully submitted.

A. BIDDLE,

Major 121st Pennsylvania Volunteer Regiment.

[Colonel CHAPMAN BIDDLE,

Comdg. First Brig., Third Div., First Army Corps.]

CAMP AT RAPPAHANNOCK STATION, VA.,

August 20, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: In obedience to orders requiring a report of the movement of this command from June 28 to the time of its arrival at Warrenton, I respectfully submit the following statement, in addition to the report already presented of its action on July 1, 2, and 3, on the battle-field of Gettysburg, viz:

July 4. - Remained in position under arms on the battle-field of Gettysburg.

July 5. - Encamped on a slight elevation near by, to avoid the ground, saturated by an exceedingly heavy rain.

July 6. - Marched to near Emmitsburg, and encamped northeast of the town.

July 7. - Marched toward Middletown, and encamped, after crossing a range of hills, about 5 miles from the town.

July 8. - Marched through South Mountain Pass, and bivouacked in position on its western side.

July 9. - Marched to near Boonsborough, on Beaver Dam Creek.

July 10. - Changed position, and constructed a slight breastwork to cover the right flank of the army.

July 11. - Remained in position.

July 12. - Marched through Funkstown, crossed the Antietam, and came under the fire of the enemy's skirmishers. Formed line of battle, and threw up timber and earth defenses.

July 13. - Same position.

July 14. - Moved toward Williamsport, and encamped; no opposition.

