
July 15. - Retraced our previous day's march, and thence through Keedysville to foot of South Mountain, near Crampton's Gap and farm.

July 16. - Crossed the mountain, and marched through Burkittsville to a point near Petersville and Berlin, and encamped.

July 17. - In camp.

July 18. - Marched through Berlin across Potomac to near Waterford. July 19. - Marched through Hamilton (Harmony), and encamped.

July 20. - Marched to Middleburg.

July 21. - Remained in camp.

July 22. - At 5. 30 p. m., marched, escorting train to White Plains. July 23. - Marched to Warrenton. The above concludes the movements of the regiment since the battle of Gettysburg, in which it lost two-thirds of its strength.

June 28. - The regiment marched from Middletown to Frederick, Md. June 29. - The regiment marched to Emmitsburg.

June 30. - Moved forward about 5 miles, and was sent forward to picket east and west from Marsh to Middle Creek, the center of the line being the cross-roads near to Ross White's house, where the Millerstown (Fairfield and Bull Frog) road and Gettysburg road intersect each other. There is no incident of moment to mention that I am aware of.

Respectfully submitted.

ALEXANDER BIDDLE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. 121st Penn. Vol. Regiment

Lieutenant W. L. WILSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 59. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Alfred B. McCalmont, One hundred and forty-second Pennsylvania Infantry.

NEAR GETTYSBURG, PA.,

July 4, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the participation of this regiment in the battle of Gettysburg after the close of the operations of July 1: On the night of the 1st, the men under my command, numbering 80 for duty, lay on their arms in the rear of batteries at the cemetery, and under orders to support them in the event of an attack. We remained in the same position until the evening of the 2d, when with the regiment of Colonel Biddle (One hundred and twenty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers), we were required to remove to the opposite side of the road. The men lay on their arms during the night but a few rods from their previous resting-place. Early in the forenoon of the 3d, my command was formed in line with the One hundred and twenty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers on the western side of the road, about 50 rods to the left of the former position. About 2 p. m. the enemy opened a very severe artillery fire on our front and along the whole line. This was followed by a

