
general advance of their infantry. When the latter movement took place, my regiment, with the approval of General Rowley, was advanced to a rude breastwork of rails on the right of the Second Brigade. Another line of our forces lay in front of us. The advance of the enemy at this point was met so promptly and gallantly by the troops in the first line, that the men of my command had neither occasion nor opportunity to do more than fire an occasional shot at a few sharpshooters, who, from covered positions, were trying to pick off the artillerymen in a battery immediately in our rear. The attacking column was completely destroyed or captured, without having materially disturbed the line of our forces in front of this position, and without having made it necessary for the second line, in which we were placed, to participate in the fight. We remained in the same position until 9 p. m., when we were relieved by other troops, and the regiment was withdrawn to a point near the road to rest during the night. Although my small command was exposed, in common with the rest of the brigade, to a severe artillery fire during the afternoon of the 3d, in addition to an occasional fire of less intensity during the whole of the previous day, we have no serious casualties to report. Two men only were slightly wounded by the explosion of a shell on the afternoon of the 3d. The fall of Captain C. H. Flagg, of this regiment, who was a member of General Rowley's staff, and who was killed by a shell on the evening of the 3d, does not come properly within the scope of this report; but I cannot refrain from saying that his loss is deeply deplored by the company which he had long ably led, and by all others who knew him. While it is true that my remnant of a regiment had but little part in the great results of July 2 and 3, I am glad to say that the officers and men exhibited commendable firmness, and were ready cheerfully to undergo greater trials than fell to their lot.

With great respect, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

ALFRED B. McCALMONT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant W. L. WILSON,

A. A. A. G., First Brig., Third Div., First Corps.

Numbers 60. Report of Lieutenant Colonel George F. McFarland, One hundred and fifty-first Pennsylvania Infantry.

MCALISTERVILLE, JUNIATA COUNTY, PA.,

March 15, 1864.

GENERAL: On the morning of July 1, 1863, at 8 a. m., the One hundred and fifty-first Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, under my command, moved from its bivouac on George Spangler's farm, about 6 miles from Emmitsburg, Md., and the same distance from Gettysburg, Pa. The First Brigade, Third Division, First Army Corps, to which it belonged, taking a northeasterly course, crossed Marsh Creek and marched up the left bank of a small stream (Willoughby's Run), debouching about a mile southwest of Gettysburg on

