
They fought as if each man felt that upon his own arm hung the fate of the day and the nation. Nearly two-thirds of my command fell on the field. Every field officer save one was wounded and disabled. Their names are to be found already in your general report. Not one of them left the field until completely disabled. Colonel Wister, while commanding the brigade, though badly wounded in the moth and unable to speak, remained in the front of the battle, as did also Lieutenant-Colonel Huidekoper, commanding One hundred and fiftieth, with a dangerous gun-shot wound through the thigh. Not being in possession of the regimental reports, I regret that I cannot do justice to the line officers who were particularly distinguished, and for the same reason I have been unable to give as complete an account of the action as I could have wished. To the courage and skill of regimental commanders is due in great measure the successful maintenance of the position. The officers of my own staff present, and to whose bravery and intelligence high praise is due, were Lieutenant [John E.] Parsons, acting assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenants Dalgliesh and Walters, aides-de-camp. The who latter served also under Colonel Wister and Colonel Dana while those officers commanded the brigade, and received from them the highest commendation. Lieutenant Walters is especially praised for his gallantry in rallying and leading in repeated charges such portions of the troops as had become detached from their commands. I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROY STONE,

Colonel 149th Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Major General A. DOUBLEDAY.

Numbers 62. Report of Colonel Langhorne Wister, One hundred and fiftieth Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., THIRD DIV., FIRST ARMY CORPS,Rappahannock, Va., September 12, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor, in accordance with orders received from headquarters Third Division, to report the action taken by this brigade in the battle of Gettysburg on July 1, 2, and 3. Before proceeding with the report, I would state that the brigade was commanded first by Colonel Roy Stone, then by the undersigned, and lastly by Colonel E. L. Dana, of the One hundred and forty-third Pennsylvania Volunteer Regiment. This brigade encamped on the evening of June 30 at a point about 6 miles from Gettysburg and on the north side of Marsh Creek. On the morning of July 1, at about 9. 30 o'clock, it took up its line of march for Gettysburg. After marching about 3 miles very slowly, cannonading was heard in our front, and an order was received to march the men as fast as possible, which was done, the brigade arriving at or near the Gettysburg Seminary at about 12 m. Colonel

