
Stone there ordered the men to unsling and pile knapsacks and to load, which having been done he moved the command in column by battalion toward a house and barn on the Chambersburg pike. The One hundred and fiftieth Regiment occupied the ground to the left of the house, its right resting near the One hundred and forty-third and left about 300 yards from General S. Meredith's command (of First Division). The One hundred and forty-third occupied the space between the barn and house, the One hundred and forty-ninth being on the right of the barn, with no support in sight upon its right flank. The whole line faced to the west. From unslinging knapsacks to this time a heavy cannonading was directed upon us by the enemy, killing and wounding a number of men, under which the brigade behaved with the utmost coolness. After being in the position above mentioned for some time, Colonel Stone ordered a change to be made, as the range of the enemy's guns was so exact. This change was effected also with the greatest coolness. The ground or line now occupied by the brigade was in the form of a right angle, the right of the One hundred and fiftieth and left of the One hundred and forty-ninth Regiments being within 100 yards of the barn, respectively, the One hundred and forty-third regiment accompanying the right of the line. In the meantime one company from each regiment had been detached as skirmishers (these companies were, of the One hundred and fiftieth, Captain G. W. Jones; One hundred and forty-third, Captain C. M. Conyngham; One hundred and forty-ninth, Captain J. C. Johnson), and were engaged with the skirmishers of the enemy. These companies fought splendidly, and retarded the advance of the enemy greatly, they being, however, at last driven in. The enemy advanced in column by battalion slowly but steadily; until they came to about 150 yards from our line, when a well-directed fire was delivered upon them from our whole front, killing and wounding many and driving the remainder of their first line almost entirely to the rear of the second line, with the exception of some who succeeded in getting into the railroad cut, which was in front of the One hundred and forty-third and One hundred and forty-ninth Regiments. Upon these, Colonel Stone ordered a charge to be made by the One hundred and forty-ninth, which was entirely successful in driving them out. The One hundred and forty-ninth then took up its original position on the Chambersburg turnpike, and awaited the advance of the second rebel line, and the first one, now reformed. About this time Colonel Stone was wounded severely, and was carried into the barn before spoken of. The command then devolved upon me. By this time a furious musketry fire was again going on along the whole line, and soon the enemy began another advance, in the greatest force, on the front of the One hundred and forty-ninth and One hundred and forty-third Regiments. I accordingly divided the One hundred and fiftieth into two wings-the right under Lieutenant-Colonel Huidekoper, the left under Major T. Chamberlain. That under Lieutenant-Colonel Huidekoper I ordered to change front forward so as to occupy the same line as the One hundred and forty third and One hundred and forty-ninth Regiments. This it did in good order, though under a very severe musketry fire. The left wing of the One hundred and fiftieth was kept in its former position, to keep in check three times its number. The gradual advance of the enemy had by this time brought many of them into the railroad cut again; consequently I ordered a charge to be made by the One

