
hundred and forty-ninth and right wing of the One hundred and fiftieth Regiment, which was as successful in driving the enemy out as the former one. About this time, Lieutenant Colonel W. Dwight, commanding One hundred and forty-ninth Regiment, was wounded in the thigh; Major T. Chamberlain, commanding left wing One hundred and fiftieth Regiment, through left breast and shoulder; Lieutenant-Colonel Huidekoper, commanding right wing One hundred and fiftieth Regiment, through the upper bone of right arm; also Adjt. R. L. Ashurst, One hundred and fiftieth Regiment, through the arm. Five minutes after, I was wounded in the mouth, which made it impossible for me longer to command; consequently I sent word to Colonel E. L. Dana to take command of the brigade. In five minutes after, the advance of overpowering numbers of the enemy compelled the brigade to fall back gradually, which they did, fighting all the way. Colonel Dana being at this time in command, I extract from his report: Facing to the rear, our lines were withdrawn in good order to a point midway between the barn and the spot designated as the peach orchard. The brigade was again halted in the rear of and as a support to a battery of artillery, and again renewed its fire. The supply of ammunition, 60 rounds per man, becoming exhausted, was here renewed. On the withdrawal of the artillery, this command moved on toward and through the town, falling in with the rear of other divisions, sustaining with them a destructive fire in its passage through the streets, and at length reached and was halted upon Cemetery Hill. Formed in line in the rear of a battery, the men here bivouacked for the night. With the exception of skirmishing between ours and the advance posts, and the occasional interchange of artillery fire, the morning of Thursday, July 2, in this immediate part of the line, passed in comparative quiet. In the afternoon, a severe engagement occurred upon our left, and simultaneously a cannonade opened between our batteries on Cemetery Hill and the enemy. Later in the afternoon, this brigade, together with the First, was moved at doublequick and under a sharp fire about half a mile toward the left, to re-enforce that portion of the line. The One hundred and forty-ninth and One hundred and fiftieth Regiments were advanced, under Captains Glenn and Jones, some 600 yards to the front, until they encountered and engaged the pickets of the enemy. Remaining in position until morning, this detachment succeeded in bringing off the field two pieces of artillery and caissons, and rejoined the brigade. On the morning of July 3, during the interval between the firing, this command threw up a rude brastwork of rails and stone in front of its position, which was in the second line, and held and occupied the same during the terrific cannonade and the final and decisive infantry struggle which have rendered this day historical. The conduct of both officers and men during this tremendous struggle was all that could be desired from the most exacting. On the first day the brigade was in the ; most imminent danger of being cut off, as no order had been received to retire, and the enemy occupied the ground on our left flank, which was left vacant by the withdrawal of the Iron Brigade (General Meredith). The Eleventh Corps, which, in a measure, supported our right, had withdrawn some time before. The determined resistance of this command alone saved it, the enemy supposing a much larger force in their front. Having first taken position about 12 m., the brigade did not retire until after 3 p. m., when all other troops had left the field, and only left the seminary at about 3. 40 o'clock. Taking into consideration that the force opposed to it was more than twice as large, the result is wonderful. The enemy had, to my certain knowledge, six regiments, any one of which contained 500 men, all of which were in full view, opposed entirely to this small brigade. Colonel Roy Stone, during the time he was in command, displayed the utmost coolness and skill, and deserves much credit for the position taken up, which had

