
not to be materially changed during the action (until the retreat commenced), and for the movements made upon the field. Colonel E. L. Dana conducted the retreat from the barn to Cemetery Hill, and was during that time distinguished for his coolness and judgment. Lieutenant-Colonel Huidekoper, One hundred and fiftieth Regiment, kept the field for a long time after his right arm was shattered, as did also Lieutenant-Colonel Dwight, commanding One hundred and forty-ninth Regiment. Major T. Chamberlain and Adjutant Ashurst, of the One hundred and fiftieth Regiment, behaved in the most gallant manner. The line officers of the whole brigade also behaved, with scarcely an exception, splendidly. Colonel Dana mentions Captains Jones and Glenn, of the One hundred and fiftieth and One hundred and forty-ninth Regiments, respectively, who commanded after their field officers were wounded, as being of great service to him. Lieutenants William M. Dalgliesh and B. Walters, of the personal staff of Colonel Stone, and afterward of myself and Colonel Dana, behaved during the whole fight brilliantly, riding into the hottest of the fire. Each had a horse killed, the former under him, the latter while standing near him. I herewith submit the following report of casualties in this brigade: Killed, 115; wounded, 429; missing, 284. Total, 828. * The brigade went into action with 1, 300 men.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LANGHORNE WISTER,

Colonel 150th Pennsylvania Volunteers, Comdg, Second Brigadier

Numbers 63. Report of Colonel Edmund L. Dana, One hundred and forty-third

Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., THIRD DIV., FIRST ARMY CORPS,Camp near Warrenton Junction, Va., July 29, 1863.

SIR: The command of the brigade devolved upon me early in the action of July 1, in the midst of a severe fire, and after the preliminary dispositions of the several regiments to receive the enemy had been made. Up to this time my attention had been chiefly occupied with my own regiment - One hundred and forty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers. All the field officers of the One hundred and forty-ninth and One hundred and fiftieth Pennsylvania Volunteer Regiments are absent by reason of wounds received in the first day's engagement, and it is possible, therefore, that omissions may occur in the following report. On the morning of July 1, the brigade, comprising the One hundred and forty-third, One hundred and forty-ninth, and One hundred and fiftieth Pennsylvania Volunteers, marched from Marsh Creek, where it had halted the previous evening, and, when within some 2 miles of Gettysburg, a heavy firing at the front indicated that the advance had become engaged with the enemy. Hurrying forward to a point a short distance west or northwest of the town, the brigade formed in column of regiments, and, leaving knapsacks and blankets behind, agreeably to orders, advanced at a double-quick

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 174.

---------------

