
Dwight, commanding the One hundred and forty-ninth, Lieutenant-Colonel Huidekoper, Major Chamberlain, and Adjutant Ashurst, of the One hundred and fiftieth, with most of the commissioned officers of three regiments, had been wounded. These casualties, with the heavy loss of enlisted men, made it necessary, in order to save the command from capture or entire destruction, to move to some point of support. Facing to the rear, the line was withdrawn in good order some distance toward the town, where it was halted, and several volleys were fired at the advancing enemy. Moving thence nearer the town to a peach orchard, not far from where the railroad embankment begins, the brigade was again halted, and, together with a portion of a battery of artillery and parties that had become separated from their regiments, renewed the fire. The supply of ammunition - 60 rounds per man - having been exhausted, was here replaced and expended. On the withdrawal of the artillery, this command moved, along the embankment toward and through the town, the last organized body of troops, I believe, to leave the field, and, falling in with numbers of the First Division, First Army Corps, and some of the Eleventh Corps, passed through the streets under a destructive fire, and between 5 and 6 p. m. reached and was halted on Cemetery Hill. A line was formed near a low wall facing the town, and the arrival and position of what remained of the brigade were reported to the division and corps commanders. With the exception of some skirmishing between the advanced posts and occasional artillery firing, the morning of Thursday, July 2, on this part of the field passed in comparative quiet. In the afternoon, a severe engagement occurred on our left, and simultaneously a cannonade opened between our batteries on Cemetery Hill and those of the enemy. Later in the day this brigade, with the First, moved at a double-quick and under a sharp fire about half a mile to the left and front, to re-enforce that portion of the line. The One hundred and forty-ninth and One hundred and fiftieth Regiments, under Captains Glenn and Jones, were here advanced some 600 yards, until they encountered the enemy's pickets, and in the morning rejoined the brigade, bringing with them two pieces of artillery and caissons recovered from the field. On the morning of Friday, July 3, during intervals between the artillery firing, this command threw up a slight breastwork of rails and stones in front of its position, which was in the second line, and held it during the terrific cannonade in the afternoon and the decisive and final infantry charge of General Longstreet, which have rendered this day historical. The conduct of both officers and men during this protracted contest, with few exceptions, merits the highest commendation. The lines were formed, changes of front made, under heavy fire, with steadiness and precision; and the final withdrawal from the field, on the first day, under the pressure of overwhelming numbers upon flank and rear, was effected without panic or confusion. Where all behaved so well, it seems unjust to particularize, yet I cannot withhold my acknowledgment of the coolness and ability of Major John D. Musser, commanding the One hundred and forty-third; of Captain Glenn, commanding the One hundred and forty-ninth after Lieutenant-Colonel Dwight and Acting Major John Irvin, in the fearless discharge of their duties, had been wounded, and of Captain G. W. Jones, both upon the skirmish line and in command of the

