HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 9, 1863-1 p. m.

Major General JOHN A. DIX,

Fort Monroe, Va.:

We have reliable information that Pickett's division, which was lately at Taylorsville, near Hanover Junction, has come up this way and gone toward the Rapidan. Hood's division preceded it in the same direction. We have also reason to believe that the available troops have been withdrawn from Richmond this way, leaving it nearly if not wholly unoccupied. The country between Fredericksburg and Richmond and below the right flank of Lee's army, which extend only 5 miles below the city, is open and unoccupied, excepting by small bodies and a force which has just gone down on account of a false alarm made by us in that direction. The Thirtieth Virgins alone is left near Hanover Junction. It is a weak regiment. Our scouts penetrate to Hanover Junction, and we believe the above reliable from previously reported information confirming it, and the character of the scouts. the movements in direction have been countermanded, probably by my demonstrations.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General.

(copy to Major-General Halleck. Received 6. 40 p. m.)-

June 10, 1863-2. 30 p. m. (Received 5. 10 p. m.)

His Excellence the PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

Mr. PRESIDENT:General Plasonto, by telegram forwarded to the major-general commanding the army this morning, reports that he had an affair with the rebel cavalry yesterday near Brandy station, which resulted in crippling him so much that he will have to abandon his contemplated raid into Maryland, which was to have started this morning. I am not so certain that the raid will be abandoned from this cause. It may delay the departure a few days. I shall leave the calvary, which is all that I have mounted, where they are, near Bealeton, with instructions to resist the passage of the river by the enemy`s forces. If to effect this he should bring up a considerable force of infantry, that will so much weaken him in my front that I have good reason to believe that I can throw a sufficient force over the river to compel the enemy to abandon his present position. If it should be the intention to send a heavy column of infantry to accompany the cavalry on the proposed raid, he can leave nothing behind to interpose any serious obstacle to my rapid advance on Richmond. I am not satisfied of his intention in this respect, but from certain movements in their corps I cannot regard in this respect, but from certain movements in their corps I cannot regard it as altogether improbable. If it should be found to be the case, will it not promote the true interest of the cause for me to match to Richmond at once? From there all the disposable part of this army can be thrown to any threatened point north of the Potomac at short notice, and, until they can reach their destination, a sufficiency of troops can be collected to check, if not to stop, his invasion. If left to operate from my own judgment, with my present information, I do not hesitate to say that I should adopt this course as being the most speedy and certain mode of giving the rebellion a mortal blow. I desire that you will give it your

