
and men; prisoners, 65, and missing 25-most of the latter supposed to be either killed, wounded, or prisoners. Entered the battle with 465. It was our first engagement, and if any censure be attached to our regiment, it must be for not falling back sooner.

I have the honor to remain, yours, very respectfully,

JNO. D. MUSSER,

Major, Comdg. 143rd Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers.

CAMP NEAR HARPER'S FERRY, VA.,

___, ____, 1863.

COLONEL: In continuing my report of the three days' fight at Gettysburg, I must begin with the position occupied by the One hundred and forty-third Pennsylvania Volunteer Regiment on the morning of July 2. We were ordered first to occupy a position in the rear of a battery a little south of Cemetery Hill, and upon which a most determined and incessant fire was kept up the greater part of the afternoon, but without effect, owing to the enemy's shot being too high. The failure to silence the battery at this point compelled the enemy to make an attack farther to our left, to which part of the line our brigade was double-quicked, to assist in driving back the enemy and recapturing some guns. We lay upon our arms all night in line of battle. I am happy to be able to say that both officers and men behaved nobly, notwithstanding the severity of our loss on the previous day. No casualties occurred to my command during the day. July 3. - This morning at daylight we commenced throwing up such breastworks as could be made, in the absence of tools of any kind, with rails and stones. In the course of the forenoon, we succeeded in getting together quite a number of both, proving a tolerable shelter for my men, who were placed directly in the rear of a battery which had been captured, but retaken again, the day before. In the afternoon the enemy opened upon us. We had no taken our position yet, but aly some distance in the rear. While doing so, a shell struck in Company D, instantly killing 1 and wounding others. I then ordered my men up to the breastwork, after which no shell struck among the men, but a number were wounded with pieces. We remained under the concentrated fire of several batteries, but all proved useless; they could not silence our batteries, and made the attack with infantry, farther to our right. The column in front swung around upon the flank of the enemy. Our line did not move from the support of the battery. I have the honor to report that all of my command stood at their posts amid all the iron that filled the air. Early in the action, Captain C. K. Hughes received a slight wound from a piece of shell, and left the field. The casualties of the day are as follows: 1 commissioned officer and 14 non-commissioned officers and privates wounded, 1 missing, and 1 man out of Company D killed.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JNO. D. MUSSER,

Lieutenant Colonel Comdg. 143 d Regiment Pennsylvania Vols.

