
Numbers 65. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Walton Dwight, One hundred and fortyninth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. 149TH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,September 12, 1863.

COLONEL: Relative to the part enacted by the One hundred and forty-ninth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers at the late battle of Gettysburg, I have the honor to submit the following report of the first day: Wednesday, July 1, as we were moving on Gettysburg from the Emmitsburg direction, and within 1 1/2 miles of the town, an order came back quicken pace to a double-quick, was immediately done, when we also broke to the left of the town, passing in rear of the First and Second Divisions of the corps, which were then in position and engaging the enemy about 1 1/2 miles in front of Gettysburg, In the Chambersburg direction, line of battle of the First Corps being at right angles with the Chambersburg pike and to the left. My regiment was ordered into position on the right flank of the corps line of battle, and at right angles with same, being in parallel line with Chambersburg pike; the One hundred and fiftieth Regiment on my left and at right angles with me; the One hundred and forty third Pennsylvania Volunteers on my right and in parallel line. During all this time we were subjected to a heavy artillery fire from both front and right flank, the one proceeding from A. P. Hill's (rebel) line, 1 mile distant on the Chambersburg pike, the other from Ewell's (rebel) line to our right, and about three-quarters of a mile distant. We suffered severely from the latter. Previous to my getting into position on the pike, Colonel Roy Stone, commanding the brigade, ordered me to throw out companies as skirmishers-one to deploy in front of the One hundred and fiftieth Regiment, and proper front of the corps, the other on the right flank and in my front. I ordered Captain Johnson, Company K, to the front of the One hundred and fiftieth Regiment. The order was promptly executed, the men moving out on double-quick, and immediately engaging the enemy on the skirmish line, a short distance in advance of the One hundred and fiftieth Regiment's a line of battle. They were soon compelled to retire to the line of the One hundred and fiftieth Regiment, where they remained during the balance of the engagement. The skirmishing of Johnson was lively. Loss, severe; conduct, excellent. In the meantime I had ordered Captain McCullough, of Company E, to my front 100 paces, to rail fence, where he engaged the enemy's advance, which was then moving on us from the right. This order was also promptly obeyed, and reflects much credit on Captain McCullough and his command for the gallant manner it was executed. During this time, and after getting in position on the pike, in accordance with orders from Colonel Stone, I directed my regiment to fire over the heads of my skirmishers at the enemy, about one-third of a mile distant on the brow of a hill, who were then massing in large force preparatory to a general advance on our right and on the Eleventh Corps, which was stationed across the roads to our right and rear. At this time the One hundred and fiftieth Regiment was hotly engaged with a brigade of the enemy from A. P. Hill's

