
ularly distinguised himself for bravery and coolness, he gallantly keeping the field after losing and arm, until loss of blood compelled him to retire. Also Captain John H. Bassler, of Company C, severely wounded early in the fight. His coolness and bravery are unquestionable. I would also mention in the same category Captains Soult And Jones, of Companies H and G. Their conduct was splendid; both severely wounded. Captain Johnson, of Company K, captured by the enemy at the Gettysburg Seminary, is worthy of particular mention, he having distinguished himself throughout the entire day. I would also in this connection bear evidence of the excellent conduct of Colonel Stone's staff, I having been particularly aided, after losing nearly all of my own officers, by Lieutenants Dalgliesh and Walters, the latter more especially under my attention and at my assistance, and for gallantry not excelled by any man in the command. Please find below a list of killed, wounded, and missing; * and here allow me to remark that the missing are nearly all wounded and prisoners, we being compelled to leave all our severely wounded behind. Having no official notification of their whereabouts, I have to report them missing. We entered the engagement with about 450 men, and came out with about 100, leaving our casualties about 350, or a loss of a little over three out of four.

I am colonel, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

WALTON DWIGHT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. 149th Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Colonel LANGHORNE WISTER,

Comdg. Second Brig., Third Div., First Army Corps.

Numbers 66. Report of Captain John Irvin, One hundred and forty-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 149TH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLS.,July 17, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the One hundred and forty-ninth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers in the late engagement near Gettysburg, Pa.: On the morning of July 1, our regiment, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel dwight, forming a part of the Second Brigade (commanded by Colonel Roy Stone), Third Division, First Army Corps, marched from a point about 4 miles north of Emmitsburg, Md. When we arrived within about 2 miles of Gettysburg, Pa., we heard the fire of artillery in the direction of the town, when we received orders to double-quick and come up under the fire of the enemy's guns. We formed into line, marched forward in a direction northwest of the town, and, arriving at a barn near by we received orders from Colonel Stone to lie down and shelter ourselves from the fire of the enemy. *Embodied in revised statement, p. 174.

