
We remained in this position for a period of fifteen or twenty minutes, when our regiment was ordered to take a position on a road leading from the town, crossing our line at right angles, we occupying the right of the brigade. After we had been there some time, the One hundred and forty-third Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, commanded by Colonel Dana, took their position on our right, which left us in the center, the One hundred and fiftieth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers being on our left. These dispositions were made under a very heavy fire from the enemy's batteries on our front and left flank. We remained in this position until a line of the enemy's infantry made its appearance on our front. Company E was then ordered out as skirmishers, Company K having been ordered out as skirmishers before we had changed our front to the road, which now placed them upon our left. When the enemy came up to the proper distance, we received orders to fire, which was done very briskly and with good effect, breaking the first line of the enemy. We were then ordered forward by Colonel Stone, and advanced in line to a deep railroad cut, which ran parallel with our line and about 100 yards in front. Our regiment went into this and lay along the opposite side, pouring in a sharp fire over the top of the bank. After remaining here a few minutes, a second line of the enemy came up, and we were compelled to fall back to our former position on the road, where we remained firing on the advancing line. They were finally repulsed, falling back in disorder. Colonel Stone received a severe wound while making the charge, and was carried off the field. Colonel Wister, now commanding the brigade, ordered us forward on a second charge. When near the railroad cut, a third line of the enemy made its appearance, compelling us to fall back again to the road. During this time we were receiving a galling fire on our left, which prevented the left wing of the regiment from making a stand on the road, which changed front, faced to the left, where the One hundred and fiftieth Regiment was then engaged. I received a slight wound in the head at this time, and went to the hospital to have it dressed; was there but a short time when I was taken prisoner; consequently cannot give you a report of the part this regiment subsequently took. Colonel Wister was wounded early in the engagement, and Colonel Dana assumed command of the brigade. Lieutenant-Colonel Dwight, commanding the regiment, was wounded in the leg about the time I left the field. The brigade fell back to a position on Cemetery Hill, where the command of the regiment devolved upon Captain Glenn. He commanded from the evening of the lst to the morning of the 6th instant, when I reported to the regiment for duty, and have commanded since. We marched from near Gettysburg, leaving there the morning of the 6th instant, to near Funkstown, Md., where we encountered the enemy. We were placed in the front line, and built a rifle-pit under a sharp fire from the enemy's skirmishers. This was Sunday, the 10th instant. The regiment suffered none at this place. In the engagement of the lst instant, both officers and men behaved with great gallantry, not leaving the field until they were completely overwhelmed by the enemy's advancing columns, when they received orders to fall back. I believe our brigade was the last to leave the field.

