
fought one entire brigade, which was prevented from advancing by a high fence. The severe loss attending fighting at such odds soon compelled our men to give way, but a battery coming up on our left, another stand was necessary, and again was the regiment moved forward until the battery had wheeled around and moved to the rear. at this moment a wound compelled me to relinquish the command to Captain Widdis, Major Chamberlain having been severely wounded some time before. I cannot praise too highly the conduct of both officers and men. It was all that could have been desired. Among the many brave, I would especially commend for coolness and courage Major Chamberlain, Adjutant Ashurst, Lieutenants Sears, Chancellor (who lost his leg and has since died), Bell, Kilgore, Color-bearer[John] Pieffer, Sergeant [Duffy B.] Torbett, and Corporal [Roe] Reisinger. The regiment numbered, including 17 officers, before the battle nearly 400 at roll-call; in the evening but 2 officers, 1 of those wounded, and 84 men were present. As far as I can learn, the number killed was about 60; the rest were wounded or captured.

I am, your obedient servant,

H. S. HUIDEKOPER,

Lieutenant Colonel One hundred and fiftieth Pennsylvania Vols.

Lieutenant DALGLIESH,

A. A. A. G., Second Brig., Third Div., First Corps.

Numbers 68. Report of Capt, George W. Jones, One hundred and fiftieth Pennsylvania Infantry.

CAMP NEAR BERLIN, MD.,

July 17, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, on the lst instant, this regiment was drawn into line of battle on the west side of Gettysburg, Pa., in front of the enemy, and ordered to divest themselves of everything but their guns, accouterments, haversacks, and canteens. This being done, Company B was detailed as skirmishers, who advanced about one-half mile, and engaged the enemy for three=quarters of an hour, when the main body of the regiment became engaged, and did not retire until compelled to do so by the advance of a line of battle of the enemy, when they fell back to the main line of the regiment. After the skirmishers were sent out, the regiment advanced a short distance, and took advantage of a slight rise in the ground as a protection against the enemy's shells. Here the regiment lay for nearly three hours under a heavy fire of artillery, when the enemy's line of battle advanced from the woods into the open field, and we were ordered to advance to a fence on the highest ground in our front. The enemy's line of infantry opened fire upon us as soon as we made our appearance, and we became hotly engaged for some time, when the enemy's line advanced and met with the same fate. A third and much stronger line appeared in our front and on both flanks, which forced our flanks to retire, and we were ordered by you to fall back, which was done in good order, to a battery in our rear. Here

