
we rallied, and engaged the enemy for a short time, when we again received the order to fall back, which was done through the second line of defenses on Cemetery Hill, and formed into line. Our ammunition being entirely exhausted, we were here supplied with 60 rounds of cartridges. On the 2d, we supported a battery until about 6 p. m., when we were ordered to the front and on the left of the Fifth Corps as pickets. We were ordered to advance our line until we encountered the enemy's line of pickets, which was done, and we exchanged a few shots and were ordered to fall back, bringing with us two guns and caissons. Our line of pickets was stationed about 600 yards in front of the defenses, and remained here until the morning of the 3d, when we were relieved by aline of skirmishers, and retired to the second line of defenses, under a heavy fire of shell from the enemy's batteries. This command lay all day and night of the 3rd under all the heavy cannonading of that memorable day. Enclosed is a statement of the casualties in this command.

Officers and men.Killed.Wounded.Missing.TotalCommissioned officers16411Enlisted men2814180249Total(*)2914784260
Most respectfully, yours,

G. W. JONES,

Captain Company B, Comdg. 150th Pennsylvania Vols.

Colonel DANA,

Comdg. Second Brig., Third Div., First Army Corps.

Numbers 69. Report of Brigadier General George J. Stannard, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIG., THIRD DIV., FIRST ARMY CORPS, Gettysburg, Pa.,July 4, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the Second Vermont Brigade, under my command, marched from the line of the Defenses of Washington, upon the Occoquan, on the 25th ultimo, under orders to report to Major_General Reynolds, commanding the First Army Corps. The brigade joined that corps at this place on the evening of July 1, after an exhausting march of seven day's duration. The distance marched averaged about 18 miles per day. The men marched well, with no straggling. Rain fell on every day of the seven, and considering the condition of the roads, the distance traveled (from the mouth of Occoquan to Gettysburg) could not have been accomplished in less time.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 174.

---------------

