
reflection. At present the enemy has one corps of infantry at Gordonsville, with the advance at Culpeper, with the manifest tendency of other corps to drift in that direction. I now have two bridges across the Rappahannock, ready to spring over the river below Fredericksburg, and it is this, I believe, that causes the enemy to hesitate in moving forward. Major-General Dix informs me that ho intends moving two columns on James Fiver to-morrow; but if organized to corresponded in numbers to the troops as they have of late been posted, neither column will be successful. The one on the north side of the river will be too small, and on the south side, with his whole column, I question if Richmond can be taken at all, provided 2, 000 or 3, 000 men could be assembled to defend it. The columns should unite at City Point, or below, and move on the north bank of that river. From information. Which I deem reliable, the only troops remaining in Richmond is the provost-guard, 1, 500, and all the troops between here and there are brought well to the front. It would be of incalculable service to this army to be transferred to some more remote point from Washington and Alexandria. The stampedes in those towns, gotten up, no doubt, by people in the rebel interest, have their influence on my men, for many of them have no means of knowing whether they are with or without cause. They think there must be some fire where their is so much smoke.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General. -

WASHINGTON, June 10, 1863-6. 40 p. m.

Major-General HOOKER:

Your long dispatch of to -day is just received. If left me, I would not go south of Rappahannock upon Lee`s moving north of it. If you had Richmond invested to-day, you would not be able to take in it twenty days; meanwhile your communications, and with them your army, would be ruined. I think Lee`s army, and not Richmond, is your sure objective point. If he comes toward the Upper Potomac. follow on his flank and on his inside track, shortening your lines while he lengthens his. Fight

him, too, when opportunity offers. If he stays where he is, fret him and fret and fret him.

A. LINCOLN. -

WASHINGTON, D. C., June 11, 1863-12. 40 p. m.

Major-General HOOKER,

Army of the Potomac:

The President has just referred to me you telegram and his reply of yesterday, with directions to say to you whether or not I agree with him. I do so fully.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief. -

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC

June 11, 1863-9 p. m. (received 10. 30 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

I have just been reliably informed that Pettigrew`s and Darnell`s [Davis`] brigades from North Carolina are in Heth`s division, near

