
from the fire of the Thirteenth and Fourteenth, the range being short. At the commencement of the attack, I called the Sixteenth from the skirmish line, and placed them in close column by division in my immediate rear. As soon as the change of the point of attack became evident, I ordered a flank attack upon the enemy's column. Forming in the open meadow in front of our lines, the Thirteenth changed front forward on first company; the Sixteenth, after deploying, performed the same, and formed on the left of the Thirteenth, at right angles to the main line of our army, bringing them in line of battle upon the flank of the charging division of the enemy, and opened a destructive fire at short range, which the enemy sustained but a very few moments before the larger portion of them surrendered and marched in-not as conquerors, but as captives. I then ordered the two regiments into their former position. The order was not filled when I saw another rebel column charging immediately upon our left. Colonel Veazey, of the Sixteenth, was at once ordered to attack it in its turn upon the flank. This was done as successfully as before. The rebel forces, already decimated by the fire of the Fourteenth Regiment, Colonel Nichols, were scooped almost en masse into our lines. The Sixteenth took in this charge the regimental colors of the Second Florida and Eighth Virginia Regiments, and the battle-flag of another regiment. The Sixteenth was supported in the new and advanced position by four companies of the Fourteenth, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Rose. The movements I have briefly described were executed in the open field, under a very heavy fire of shell, grape, and musketry, and they were performed with the promptness and precision of battalion drill. They ended the contest in the center and substantially closed the battle. Officers and men behaved like veterans, although it was for most of them their first battle, and I am content to leave it to the witnesses of the fight whether or not they have sustained the credit of the service and the honor of our Green Mountain State. The members of my staff-Captain William H. Hill, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenants George W. Hooker and G. G. Benedict, aides-de-camp; Lieutenant [Francis G.] Clark, provost-marshall, and Lieutenant S. F. Prentiss, ordnance officer-executed all my orders with the utmost promptness, and by their coolness under fire and good example contributed essentially to the success of the day. There were 350 killed, wounded, and missing from my three regiments engaged; of the missing, only 1 is known to have been taken prisoner.

I am, with much respect, your obedient servant,

GEO. J. STANNARD,

Brigadier General of Vols., Comdg. 3rd Brig., 3rd Div., 1st A. C.

Lieutenant Colonel C. KINGSBURY, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

ADDENDA.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., FIRST ARMY CORPS,

Numbers - . July 4, 1863.

The major-general commanding the division desires to return his thanks to the Vermont Brigade, the one hundred and fifty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, and the Twentieth New York State Militia, for their gallant conduct in resisting, in the front line, the main attack of the enemy upon this position, after sustaining a terrific fire from

