
seventy-five to one hundred pieces of artillery. He congratulates them upon contributing so essentially to the glorious and, it is to be hoped, the final victory of yesterday.

By command of Major-General Doubleday:

EDWARD C. BAIRD,

Captain, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NO. 70. Report of Colonel Francis V. Randall, Thirteenth Vermont Infantry,

CAMP NEAR MIDDLETOWN, MD.,

July 10, 1863.

GENERAL: In compliance with your request, I make the following report of the part taken by my regiment (Thirteenth Vermont) July 1, 2, and 3 instant: Prior to June 24, my regiment was doing picket duty on the Occoquan River, from Occoquan Bay to near Wolf Run Shoals, headquarters near the village of Occoquan, The balance of our brigade (Second Vermont Brigade) was stationed at or near Union Mills. On the evening of June 24, I received orders to call in my pickets and join the brigade at Cantreville, which I did on June 25. The brigade consisted of the Twelfth, Thirteenth, Fourteenth, Fifteenth, and Sixteenth Vermont Regiments, commanded by Brigadier General George J. Stannard. The brigade then marched to Gettysburg, arriving there on July 1, at about 5 p. m. My regiment, with the Fourteenth and Sixteenth, took position on Cemetery Hill, in rear of our line of battle, made up of the first and Eleventh Corps. On the morning of the 2d, we occupied substantially the same position until about 2 p. m., when I was ordered to advance five of my companies, under Lieutenant-Colonel Munson, to support a battery on our front. Soon after this, I was ordered to advance the balance of my regiment a little to the front and to the left of our former position, which brought us nearly in rear of the right of the Second Corps. This took me entirely out of the line occupied by the rest of our brigade, and I received no further orders from our brigade headquarters during the remainder of that day. A heavy fight was going on in wi received some injury from the artillery fire of the rebels without being able to engage in the fight. At this time an officer, whom I did not know at the moment, but who proved to be General Doubleday, came galloping over the hill from General Hancock's position, and approached my regiment. After having found what regiment we were, and making a few inspiriting remarks to my men, he directed and report to General Hancock, whom I would find there, and hard it before I could get there, I started, riding in advance of my regiment to meet General Hancock and find where O was needed, so as to be able to place my men in position without exposing them too long under fire. As I reached the ridge or highest ground between the cemetery and Little Round Top Mountain, I met General Hancock, who was encouraging and rallying his men to hold on to the position. He told me the rebels had captured a battery he had their, and pointed out to me the way they had gone with it, and asked me if I

