
probably many of the 26 may prove to have been killed, or severely wounded, and cared for in some private house.

FRANCIS V. RANDALL,

Colonel Thirteenth Regiment Vermont Volunteers.

Major-General NEWTON,

Commanding First Army Corps.

NO. 71. Report of Colonel Charles W. Wainwright, First New York Light Artillery, commanding Artillery Brigade, First Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY BRIGADE, FIRST CORPS,July 17, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the battle of Gettysburg on the 1st, 2d, and 3rd instant: On the night of June 30, the main body of the command lay about 2 miles from Emmitsburg, while the Second Maine Battery, Captain Hasll, was in position a couple of miles farther on, commanding the bridge on the Gettysburg turnpike over Marsh Creek, having been ordered to report to Brigadier-General Wadsworth, commanding the advance division. About 8 o'clock on the morning of the 1st, we received orders to march to Gettysburg, no intimation, however, being given that we were likely to fall in with the enemy near that place, which had been occupied by our cavalry twenty-four hours before. The corps marched in the following order: First Division, General Wadsworth, Hall's battery: Third Division, General Robinson; Major-General Doubleday temporarily in command of the corps. About 4 miles this side of Gettysburg, the Third Division took a by-road to the left, Captain Cooper's battery of four 3-inch guns following them. The first intimation I received of the proximity of the enemy was the sound of firing when we arrived within some 2 miles of Gettysburg and at about 10:30 a. m. I immediately joined General Doubleday, and by his order moved the three batteries remaining with me across the fields toward the seminary or college. On our arrival at this point, we learned that a portion of the advance division had been engaged with the enemy and had been drawn in; also the death of our commanding officer, Major General J. F. Reynolds. Captain Hall's battery (Second Maine) had been in action at this point. Having seen nothing of it myself, I insert his own report, as follows: My battery was ordered into position by General Reynolds on the right of the Cashtown road, some 400 yards beyond Seminary Hill, on the south and west of the town. The enemy had previously opened a battery of six guns directly in our front, at 1, 300 yards distance, which they concentrated upon me as I went into position, but with very little effect. We opened upon this battery with shot and shell at 10. 45 a. m., our first shots causing the enemy to change position of two his guns and place them under cover behind a barn. In twenty-five minutes from the time we opened fire, a column of the enemy's infantry charged up a ravine on our right flank, within 60 yards of my right piece, when they commenced shooting down my horses and wounding my men. I ordered the right and center sections to open upon these column with canister, and kept the left firing upon the enemy's artillery. This canister fire was

