
tion on the left of the cemetery-by order of Major-General Howard - where he remained during the next day's engagement, after which he reported to General Tyler for repairs. July 2. - During the morning several moving columns of the enemy were shelled at intervals, but no engagements occurred until about 4 p. m., when they planted a battery of four 20-pounders and six 10-pounder Parrotts in a wheat-field on our immediate front, at about 1, 300 yards and opened the most accurate fire I have ever yet seen from their artillery. We replied with our thirteen 3-inch guns with good effect. It was an hour and a half, however, before we were able to compel them to withdraw, and then they hauled off their two right pieces by hand. Twenty-eight dead horses were found on the knoll occupied by this battery. A portion of the guns again took position farther to the right, but were soon silenced, as we could bring an additional number of pieces to beat on them there. Soon after, Captain Cooper's battery, which had suffered considerably, was relieved by Captain Rickett's battery of six 3-ich guns. About dusk they again opened from a knoll on our left and front, distant 1, 800 yards, which fire was followed by a strong attack upon our position by General Rodes' Louisiana [?] brigade. As their column filed out of the town they came under the fire of the Fifth Maine Battery at about 800 yards. Wheeling into line, they swung around, their right resting on the town, and pushed up the hill, which is quite steep at this corner. As their line became fully unmasked all the guns which could be brought to bear were opened on them, at first with shrapnel and afterward with canister, making a total of fifteen guns in their front and six ont heir left flank, Their center and left never mounted the hill at all, but their right worked its way up under cover of the houses, and pushed completely through Wiesrich's battery into Ricketts'. The cannoneers of both these batteries stood well to their guns, driving the enemy off with fence -rails and stones and capturing a few prisoners. I believe it may be claimed that this attack was almost entirely repelled by the artillery. My surgeon, who was in the town and dressed many of their wounded that night, tells me that they reported their loss in this attack as very great. July 3. - There was no serious attack upon the position we held during this day's fight. The batteries fired occasional shots at bodies of the enemy's troops in the distance during the morning, and joined in the general artillery engagement in the afternoon. The fire of the enemy's batteries was noticed to be much less accurate than on the previous day, owing, I think, in a measure to their keeping their guns too much under cover of the hills on which they were posted. With regard to the behavior of the batteries during this three days' fight, I have only to say that, all the officers and men performed their duty to my perfect satisfaction. I would mention the case of a shell exploding immediately under one of Captain Cooper's guns in the heat of the second day's engagement, killing or wounding all the detachment around the gun, yet fire from that piece was reopened before all the wounded men were removed. I do not know that I can mention any officer or man in the batteries as particularly prominent above the others, but would respectfully call attention to First Sergt. John Mitchell, of Battery B, Fourth U. S. Artillery, who took command of the left halt battery after Lieutenant Davison was wounded, and showed himself as efficient as an officer during an en-

