
gagement as I have noticed him to be in his drill and the general routine of the battery.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. S. WAINWRIGHT,

Colonel First N. Y. Art., Comdg. Art. Brig., First Army Corps.

Brigadier General HENRY J. HUNT,

Chief of Artillery, Army of the Potomac.

NO. 72. Report of Captain James A. Hall, Second Maine Battery.

NEAR BERLIN, MD.,

July 16, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following as my report of the part taken by my battery at the battle of Gettysburg, on July 1, 2, and 3: We were in camp on the morning of July 1, at Marsh Creek, 4 miles from "Gettysburg. At 9 a. m. marched, following the advance brigade of the First Division, First Army Corps, to the battle-field, about a half mile south and west of town, where we were ordered into position by General Reynolds on the right of the Cashtown road, some 400 yards beyond Seminary Hill. The enemy had previously opened a battery of six guns directly in our front at 1, 300 yards distance, which they concentrated upon me as I went into position, but with very little effect. We opened upon this battery with shot and shell at 10. 45 a. m., our first six shots causing the enemy to change the position of two of his guns and place them under cover behind a barn. In twenty-five minutes from the time we opened fire, a column of the enemy's infantry charged up a ravine on our right flank within 60 yards of my right piece, when they commenced shooting down my horses and wounding my men. I ordered the right and center sections to open upon these column with canister, and kept the left firing upon the enemy's artillery. This canister fire was very effective, and broke the charge of the enemy, when just at this moment, to my surprise I saw my support falling back without any order having been given me to retire, Feeling that if the position was too advanced for infantry it was equally so for artillery, I ordered the battery to retire by sections, although having no order to do so. The support falling back rapidly, the right section of the battery, which I ordered to take position some 75 yards to the rear, to cover the retiring of the other four pieces, was charged upon by the enemy's skirmishers and 4 of the horses from one of the guns shot. The men of the section dragged this gun off by hand. As the last piece of the battery was coming away, all its horses were shot, and I was about to return for it myself, when General Wadsworth gave me a peremptory order to lose no time, but get my battery in position near the town, on the heights, to cover the retiring of the troops. I sent a sergeant with 5 men after the piece, all of whom were wounded or taken prisoners. I had got near to the position I had been ordered to take, when I received another order from General Wads-

