
worth to bring my guns immediately back; the officer bringing the order saying he would show me the road to take, which was the railroad grading leading out from town, which was swept at the time by two of the enemy's guns from the hills beyond, through the excavations at Seminary Hill. Having gotten on to this road, from its construction I could not turn from it on either side, and was obliged to advance 1, 200 yards under these raking fire, Arriving at Seminary Hill, I found no one to show me the position I was to occupy, and placed my battery in park under cover of the hill, and went forward to see where to take position, when I again met an aide of General Wadsworth, who ordered me to go to the right along the woods, pass over the crest and over a ravine, and there take position. Obeying this order, I moved toward the right until met by an orderly, who informed me I was going directly into the enemy's lines, which were advancing from this direction. I halted my command, and rode forward but before reaching the described position was fired upon by the enemy's skirmishers. I then counter arched my battery, and moved to near the seminary, and was going forward to ascertain, if possible, where to go, when I met Colonel Wainwright, who informed me my abandoned gun was still on the field, and that he had refused to put the battery into the position desired by General Wadsworth. I then took a limber, and went back upon the field with 1 sergeant, and recovered the abandoned gun with parts of all the harness, and immediately moved back through the town, putting my only three guns which were not disabled in position, by order of General Howard, on the left of the cemetery. On the 2d, we opened fire in reply to the enemy's guns at 4. 15 p. m. and continued in action until the enemy's artillery ceased for the day, during which time another gun was disabled by its axle breaking by the recoil, when i was relieved by a battery from the Reserve Artillery and, by order of General Newton, went to the rear to repair damages, and the battery took no further part in the engagement. Casualties first day, 18 men wounded and 4 taken prisoners; 28 horses killed and 6 wounded; one gun-carriage rendered useless; two axles broken. Second day, one axle broken. Fired during engagement, 635 rounds of ammunition.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. HALL,

Captain, Commanding Second Maine Battery.

Colonel C. S. WAINWRIGHT,

Comdg. Artillery Brigade, First Army Corps.

NO. 73. Report of Lieutenant Edward N. Whittier, Fifth Maine Battery.
HDQRS. FIFTH BATTERY MAINE VOLS.,July 16, 1863.

ADJUTANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the battery in the battle at Gettysburg, Pa., on the 1st, 2d, and 3rd of the present month: At a few minutes past 2, July 1, the battery in position on

