
Expenditure of ammunition:RoundsSolid shot384Spherical case380Shell 112Canister 103Total 979Horses killed 7Horses wounded 10Total 17
I am, with due respect, our most obedient servant,

E. N. WHITTIER.

First Lieutenant, Comdg. Fifth Battery Maine Vols.

Lieutenant A. MATTHEWSON,

A. A. A., Artillery Brig., First Army Corps.

NO. 74 Report of Lieutenant George Breck, Battery L, First New York Light Artillery.

IN CAMP NEAR PETERSVILLE, MD.,

JULY 16, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the action of Battery L, First New York Artillery, during the three days' engagement at Gettysburg, on the 1st, 2d, and 3rd instant: At about 11 a. m. of the 1st instant, my battery, then in command of Captain Gilbert H. Reynolds, arrived at the scene of action after a hurried march from Emmitsburg. The battery was immediately moved into the field west of the town, where several positions were taken and abandoned without opening fire. About 1 p. m. the battery was order by Colonel C. S. Wainwright to advance to the support of Tidball's battery, which occupied a knoll across ad road to the front and extreme left of our line as then engaged. One section of the battery had hardly come into position when, in addition to the galling fire in front, an enfilading fire was opened from the left, which completely swept the position and forced both batteries to retire. At this point, Captain Reynolds was severely wounded and the command of the battery devolved upon me. I brought the pieces again into position about 500 yards in rear of the first position, and in a line nearly west of the brick seminary. After an engagement of nearly an hour's duration in the last-named position, I moved my battery to the crest of a hill to the left and front, and fired about 6 rounds at the lines of the enemy, which were very steadily extended around our left. The right section of the battery, under command of Lieutenant B. W. Wilber, was ordered to go still farther to the left, where a few round only were fired, when the section was forced to retire with our troops, who were rapidly falling back, closely pressed by the enemy. The other four pieces under command of Lieutenant William H. Bower and the immediate supervision of Colonel Wainwright, returned to the second position above named. As the infantry were falling back close upon the guns, no fire was opened, and the four pieces again retired, and took position upon the ridge running south from the brick

