
seminary and in rear of the belt of timber to the left of that building. After firing a number of rounds in this position, including some canister, and with great effect, the enemy charging upon the guns, the supply of ammunition being exhausted, were then conducted from here by Lieutenant Bower to a position of security on the Taneytown road. I accompanied the right section, which continuing to retire, took its their position on the ridge running south from the seminary, near a small house and orchard. Here, after expending a few rounds, including canister, the section was ordered to again retire, which it did by a road leading through the town. Soon after getting into the road, the 6 horses of the rear piece were shot down, the enemy close to the right and front. Lieutenant Wilber's horse was at the same time hot under him, and, as the enemy was rapidly advancing, the piece disabled was obliged to be abandoned, and fell into the enemy's possession. The other piece Lieutenant Wilber succeeded in conducting through the town, and took position on the right slope of Cemetery Hill and in front of the cemetery gate. At the time the piece in question was lost, I had run the remaining part of the battery safely from the field to the Taneytown as the enemy was rapidly advancing his right toward t he Emmitsburg road, where said caissons were in park. I finally succeeded in joining the caissons with the four pieces, and, after replenishing with ammunition, I took position with the five remaining pieces of the battery to the front and right angle formed by our line of artillery near the town and ranged upon by the enemy's center. With the exception of picket firing, a general quiet was maintained along the lines on the 2nd instant, until about 4 p. m., when the enemy attempted to break our lines on the left. At the same time, a line of batteries directly in my front opened a simultaneous and very severe fire, to which we replied steadily, and before dusk succeeded in silencing most of their fire. This action continued about four hours, almost without intermission. The battery to the right of our front, and situated on a knoll in a wheat-field about 1, 800 yards distant, upon which I principally directed my fire, was silenced and forced to retire in the early part of the engagement. After our forces obtained possession of the ground occupied by this battery, three guns were found disabled and abandoned, furnishing very good proof of the accuracy and skill of my gunners. A considerable fire of infantry followed the cannonade, and terminated in an unsuccessful charge upon my battery and the two upon my left. This charge was mostly repelled by the infantry in support, whose presence in front prevented the use of canister, The enemy being driven back, the engagement closed for the day. In this action the axle of one of my guns was broken, disabling the piece, in consequence of which it was sent to the Artillery 'Reserve, by order of Colonel Wainwright, to be repaired. During the cannonade, an ammunition chest of one of my caisson limbers was struck by a shell, exploding a few rounds of ammunition which it contained, and completely destroying it.

