
At about 2 p. m. a battery nearly 2, 500 yards distant on my front opened and delivered at intervals an irregular and inaccurate fire, to which at first my gunners replied, but shortly after were forbidden to return the fire. I sustained in the three days' engagement the following losses: one man killed, a private, and 16 wounded, including Captain Reynolds and 2 non-commissioned officers. One of the wounded men has since died, I had 22 horses killed and disabled. Two horses were wounded by fragments of shells from a battery of 20-pounder Parrotts in the cemetery in my rear, which seemed too often to explode prematurely. The amount of ammunition expended during the three days' battle was 1, 290 rounds, consisting of Schenkl percussion, 523 rounds; Schenkl compound, 715 rounds; and canister, 52 rounds. Two chests of ammunition, 100 rounds, were issued to Captain Wiedrich's battery by order of Colonel Wainwright. The officers and men acted with much bravery, coolness, and colectedness. Though greatly fatigued and exhausted by almost constant labor and watchfulness for three days, the men performed their duties cheerfully and quite enthusiastically. I would mention in a particular manner, Bugler R. Mastin Smith, who, when one of the cannoneers was wounded, dismounted from his horse and bravely filled the part of the wounded man.

I remain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE BRECK,

First Lieutenant, Comdg. Battery L, First New York Artillery.

Lieutenant A. MATTHEWSON,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery Brig., First Army Corps.

NO. 75. Report of Captain James H. Cooper, Battery B, First Pennsylvania Light Artillery.
HDQRS. BATTERY B, FIRST PA. ART.,July 17, 1863.

ADJUTANT: I have the honor to herewith transmit ad report of the action of Battery B, First Pennsylvania Artillery, in the battle of Gettysburg, Pa. On the morning of the 1st of July, the battery marched from camp near Emmitsburg, Md., to the vicinity of Gettysburg, Pa. Here it was placed in position by Colonel Wainwright, about 12 m., on the left to the Third Division, First Army Corps, and fired about twenty-five shots at a battery in front, which was firing upon the infantry of the and another directly on the right opened, when we changed front to the right, by order of Colonel Wainwright, and engaged it for a few minutes, when the colonel ordered the Battery to be placed in position near the Gettysburg Seminary. Here it remained unengaged for a few minutes, when a battery in front again opened and fired a few minutes, when enemy; s infantry made its appearance along the woods and crest in our front. The fire of the battery was then concentrated upon the, case shot and shell being used until canister range was obtained, and this with the assistance of Lieutenant Stewart's and Captain Stewart's and Captain Stevens' batteries, reduced the enemy's lines

