
NO. 76 Reports of Major General Winfield S. Hancock, U. /s. Army, commanding Second Army Corps.

5. 25 [P. M., JULY 1, 1863.]

GENERAL: When I arrived here an hour since, I found that our troops had given up; the front of Gettysburg and the town. We have now taken up a position in the cemetery, and cannot will be taken. It is a position, however, easily turned. Slocum is now coming on the ground, and is taking position on the right, which will protect the right, But we have, as yet, no troops on the left, the Third Corps not having yet reported; but I suppose that it is marching up. If so, its flank march will in a degree protect our left flank, In the meantime Gibbon had better march on so as to take position on our right or left, to our rear, as may be necessary, in some commanding position. General G. will see this dispatch. The battle is quiet now. I think we will be all right until night. I have sent all the trains back. When night comes, it can retire; if not, we can fight here, as the ground appears not unfavorable with good troops. I will communicate in a few moments with General Slocum, and transfer the command to him. Howard says that Doubleday's command gave way. General Warren is here.

Your obedient servant,

WINF'D S, HANCOCK,

Major-General, Commanding corps.

General BUTTERFIELD, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS, July 3, 1863.

Although I repulsed a tremendous attack, yet on seeing it from my left and advancing to the right, I, much to my sorrow, found that the twelve guns on my salient had been removed by some one, whom I call upon you to hold accountable, as without them, with worse troops, I should certainly have lost the day. I arrived just in time to put a small battalion of infantry in the place occupied by those two batteries. I have never seen a more formidable attack, and if the Sixth and Fifth Corps have pressed up, the enemy will be destroyed. The enemy must be short of ammunition, as I was shot with a ten penny nail.

I did not leave the field till the victory was entirely secured and the enemy no longer in sight. I am badly wounded, though I trust not seriously. I had to brake the line to attack the enemy in flank on my right, where the enemy was most persistent after the front attack was repelled. Not a rebel was in sight upright when I left. The line should be immediately restored and perfected. General Caldwell is in command of the corps, and I have directed him to restore the line.

Your obedient servant,WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General,

By A. N. DOUGHERTY, Surgeon, and Medical Director Second Corps.

General MEADE.

