
TWELFTH CORPS HOSPITAL, July 3, 1863.

GENERAL: A great many colors were taken by our troops to-day-one brigade took ten. In order to collect them, it would be well to send a circular for each regimental commander to report the number taken. I have seen several on the road to-day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

[General MEADE.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS, JULY 5, 1863.

I have the honor to transmit herewith twenty-two flags captured by this corps in the last battle at Gettysburg.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,E. P. BROWSON,

Captain, and Aide-de-Camp.

General WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

----, -- -, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command from June 28 until July 5, inclusive: On the morning of June 28, the Second Corps marched from near Sugar Loaf Mountain, Md., with orders from Major-General Hooker to encamp at Frederick. When near Monocacy Junction, the corps was ordered into camp near that place by Major-General Meade, who had that day assumed command of the army. On the morning of the 29th, orders were received for the corps to march at 4 a. m. and move to Frizellburg. An accident delaying the delivery of the order, the command was not in motion until 8 a. m. At 10 p. m. the

command was halted for the night 1 mile beyond Uniontown, having accomplished with its entire train a march of over 30 miles. Frizellburg was not reached, owing to its being considerably farther from Monocacy Junction then indicated by the maps. At Uniontown I ascertained that Stuart was at Westminster with a heavy force of cavalry and a number of guns, which information I communicated to the major-general commanding. The corps remained in camp at Uniontown on the 30th. On the morning of July 1, the command marched to Taneytown, going into bivouac about 11 a. m. I then proceeded in person to General Meade's headquarters, and, on reporting to him, was informed as to his intention with reference to giving battle to the enemy, the orders for preparatory movements being then ready for issue. A few minutes before 1 p. m., I received orders, to proceed in person to the front, and assume command of the First, Third, and Eleventh Corps, in consequence of the death of Major-General Reynolds. Having been fully informed by the major-general commanding as to his intentions, I was instructed by him to give the necessary directions upon my arrival at the front for the movement of troops and trains to the rear toward the line of battle he had selected, should I deem it expedient to do so. If the ground was suitable, and circumstances made it wise, I was directed to establish the line of battle at Gettysburg. Turning over the command of the Second Corps to Brigadier-Gen-

