
the enemy's batteries to the right of the brick house, in which the One hundred and eleventh New York Volunteers, under Colonel MacDougall, bore a distinguished part. This brigade lost nearly one half its numbers. It was nearly dark. Proceeding to the right of the Second Corps, near Cemetery Hill, and hearing a heavy engagement on General Howard's front, the firing seeming to come nearer and nearer, I directed general Gibbon to send Colonel Caroll's brigade, third Division, to that point, to report to General Howard at once. I was gratified to hear subsequently, from General Howard in person, that it arrived at a very critical time, and that this unexpected re-enforcement materially assisted him in driving the enemy from his front. Hearing firing farther to the right, and believing it to be on General Slocum's front and fearing that the troops he had sent to me had left him without sufficient force, I directed General Gibbon to send two regiments to that point. The Seventy-first Pennsylvania, Lieutenant Colonel W. L. Curry, were dispatched, but they also reported to Major-General howard, The One hundred and sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers remained until relieved next day, doing good service. The Seventy-first returned to its command about midnight, without having received orders to do so. after suffering some loss. In addition to the troops specially mentioned heretofore as being on the line of the Second Corps on July 2, I would mention Battery C, Fourth U. S. Artillery, commanded by Lieutenant Evan Thomas. This officer is particularly mentioned for bravery and good conduct. A battery of the Artillery Reserve, commanded by ----, was also on the line during this action. During the night of the 2d, the batteries were supplied with ammunition as far as practicable. Having brought but half the ammunition train of the corps, we were dependent somewhat on others. The battery ammunition was supplied by the train of the Artillery Reserve, though not to the full extent required. For details of the important service rendered by the First Division of the Second Corps, during the time it was detached in the afternoon at the 2nd instant, I refer you to the clear and concise report of its commander, Brigadier-General Caldwell, which is herewith transmitted, Between 500 and 600 prisoners were captured by this division on that occasion. The corps had been so weakened by its losses on the 2d, that on the 3rd instant it required every available man in the line of battle to cover the ground held the previous day. Colonel Carroll's brigade, of General Hays' division, was retained by General Howard, and, with the exception of the Eighth Ohio, was not engaged with the Second Corps during the day. The early morning passed in comparative quieter along our front, but the heavy and continued firing on the right indicated that the efforts of the enemy were being directed on the Twelfth Corps. Trifling affairs occurred at intervals between the enemy's skirmishers and our own, and the artillery of the corps was frequently and successfully engaged with that of the enemy. From 11 a. m. until 1 p. m. there was an ominous stillness. About 1 o'clock apparently by a given signal, the enemy opened upon our front with the heaviest artillery fire I have ever known. Their guns were in position at an average distance of about 1, 400 yards from my line, and ran in a semicircle from the town of Gettysburg to a point

