
Wells, color-bearer Sixth New York Cavalry, and Privates [Alvin] Stearns and [David] Smith, Company D, Sixth New York Cavalry-behaved with their usual bravery, and always faithfully remained at their posts, no matter how dangerous their position. I desire to bring particularly to the notice of the major-general commanding the case of Sert. Frederick Fuger, first sergeant of Battery A, Fourth U. S. Artillery. During the action of the 3d, his conduct was such as to entitle him to promotion, and his character is such as to make this a proper method of Brigadier-General Webb. Attached hereto is a tabular statement of casualties. * With reference to the number of colors taken from the enemy, it is proper to say that each division has been credited with the number actually turned in, and for which receipts are held, making the aggregate of twenty-seven. There were undoubtedly thirty-three colors captured, the balance having been secreted as individual trophies.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, Commanding Second Corps.

Brig. General S. WILLIAMS, Assistant adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac.

ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, October 24, 1863.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: At the request of Major-General Hancock, I submit the following corrections in his official report of the operations of the Second Corps at gettysburg. The general wishes the changes made in the copy of his report understood to have been already forwarded to the War Department: In the description of the fight of July 2, the sentence, "The force which had turned General Caldwell's right and driven the left of the Third Corps now approached the line of battle as originally established, driving Humphreys' command rapidly back, " to be changed to read as follows: "The force, &amp;c., ***, approached the line of battle as originally established. Humphreys' command was forced back, contesting the ground stubbornly. "Again, on next page, for "Their artillery had been lift on the field, " read, "Three guns of one of its batteries had been left on the field, owing to the losses of horses and men. " Again, after the sentence, "By the advance of these regiments the artillery which had been left on the field in the Third Corps line was recaptured from the enemy, " insert the following sentence:"Humphreys' division participated in this advance and in the recapture of its guns. " The report forwarded to general headquarters not being accessible, I am not able to refer to pages and lines when indicating the corrections desired by Major-General Hanckock.

I am, general, very respectfully,

C. H. MORGAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, and Assistant Inspector-General.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, pp. 175-177.

---------------

