
JUNE 13, 1863-7 p. m. (Received 7. 45 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

All my sources of information confirm the statement that Longstreet`s and Ewell`s corps have passed through Culpeper and Sperryville, toward the Valley. The instructions of President, approved by yourself, and your original letter of instructions, compel me, in view of this movement of the enemy, to transfer the operations of this army from the line of the Aquia to the Orange and Alexandria Railroad. Accordingly, directions have been given for the First, Third Fifth, and Eleventh Corps to rendezvous at Manassas Junction with the cavalry. The Second, Sixth, and Twelfth, with the Reserve Artillery, after covering the withdrawal of Government property from depots, have been directed to march to Dumfries, and from thence to be governed by the movements of the enemy, the object being to bring the two wings together as far in advance on that line as tho movements of the enemy will justify. The corps will be withdrawn from their positions on the river to-night, the line being held by pickets until the proper time arrivers for their withdrawal. To-morrow p. m. my headquarters will be at Dumfries.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General. --

WASHINGTON,

June 14, 1863-1. 14 p. m.

Major-General HOOKER:

Do you consider it possible that 15, 000 of Ewell`s men can now be at Winchester?

A. LINCOLN. --

DUMFRIES,

June 14, 1863-5 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK:

At 3 p. m. Major-General Hancock informs me that the rebel troops opposite Franklin`s Crossing are moving up the river, on the Plank road, in a continuous column. Major-General Hancock covers the withdrawal of the forces and property at that point. No effort has been made to force the passage of the Rappahannock, excepting at Banks` Ford.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General. --

DUMFRIES,

June 14, 1863-5. 30 p. m.

(Received 5. 40 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Have received dispatch from General Milroy, dated yesterday. Will act on it as soon as I can hear from the column on the Orange and Alexandria Railroad. Instructions were given for Thoroughfare Gap to be taken possession of and held by my cavalry last night. If the enemy should be making for Maryland, I will make the best dispositions in my power to come up with him . You may rely upon his being in great wherever he is.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General.

