
to the right that all the troops on my right had broken and were fleeing to the rear in great confusion. As soon as they broke, and before I could change front, the enemy in great numbers came in upon my right flank and even my rear, compelling me to fall back or have my command taken prisoners. My men fell back under a very heavy cross-fire, generally in good order, but necessarily with some confusion. I reformed of Major-General Hancock I marched my command back to the ground it had occupied in the earlier part of the day, where we lay on our arms until the morning of the 3d. I then formed what was left of the division in one line on a slight crest, and began to throw up breastworks. Before noon we had a work which served to protect the men during the artillery fire which followed. About noon the enemy opened upon us with all his artillery the most fearful fire I have ever witnessed. Although this lasted an hour, but one of my men was killed and very few wounded. Nearly at the same time with the grand assault which, following the artillery fire, was made upon our center, a single line, I should think a small brigade, advanced in our immediate front, but did mat succeed in getting beyond our picket, being broken by the fire of our artillery. A large portion of this force came in and gave themselves up as prisoners. The division on the afternoon of the 2nd fought with its accustomed gallantry, and performed everything that could be expected of either officers or men. the large number of its killed and wounded attest its desperate valor. That it fell back was owing entirely to the breaking of the troops on the right, permitting the enemy to get on its flank and its rear. While driving the enemy triumphantly before them, two of my brigade commanders, Brigadier-General Zook and Colonel Cross, of the Fifth New Hampshire Volunteers, fell, mortally wounded. They were both old and tried soldiers, and the county can illy spare their services. They both fell in the front of battle while driving back the invader, and lived long enough to know that their blood had not been shed in vain, but that the enemy had been driven back with terrible repulse. A grateful county will remember their virtues and hold them up to the admiration of posterity. Colonel Roberts, One hundred and fortieth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Lieutenant-Colonel Merwin, Twenty-seventh Connecticut Volunteers, were instantly killed; both gallant officers and brave men. Colonel McKeen, Eighty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, who, after the fall of Colonel Cross, succeeded to the command of the First Brigade, behaved, as he always has on every battle-field, with the most distinguished gallantry, and brought off his command in perfect order. Lieutenant-Colonel Hapgood, Fifth New Hampshire Volunteers, and Lieutenant-Colonel Broady, Sixty-first New York Volunteers, behaved with the utmost coolness and bravery, and added to their already high reputation. Colonel Kelly behaved with his wonted gallantry. The conduct of Lieutenant-Colonel Fraser, One hundred and fortieth Pennsylvania Volunteer, and Lieutenant-Colonel Chapman, Fifty-seventh New York Volunteers, was worthy of all praise, Of the merit of Colonel Brooke, commanding Fourth Brigade,

