
gade, I kept the balance of the One hundred and forty-eighth in position. At this time I was informed that Colonel Cross, who commanded the brigade was mortally wounded, and that the command of the brigade devolved upon me. The Fifth and One hundred and forty-eighth remained in position, steadily holding the enemy in check, until every round of cartridge in this portion of the brigade was expended and even then held their position until relieved by a brigade of General Barnes' division, of the Fifth Corps. Passing the relieving brigade by file, they retired in splendid order, as they were enfiladed by a galling fire from our left flank (faced to the rear). Joining the balance of the brigade at the stone wall first spoken of, the brigade rejoined the division, and again moved to their old position on the left center. Early on the morning of the 3d, breastworks were thrown up by the brigade. Unmolested we remained in this position until 4 p. m., when the enemy opened upon our position a terrible fire (artillery), which, however, did the brigade but little injury, owing to the breastworks thrown up in the morning. About 5 p. m. three columns of attack debouched from an orchard in our immediate front, moving by their left flank, traversed the field in our front, and vigorously attacked the center of our line and to our immediate right. Almost simultaneously a single brigade of Florida troops advanced upon our position, but were broken by the artillery just as they were getting within musket-range. A large portion of this brigade ran into our lines and delivered themselves up as prisoners. This was the last effort of the enemy. I have only to state that the brigade fought with its usual gallantry, and that the regiment I had the honor to command in the early part of the engagement, comparatively a new one, equaled in coolness and gallantry the balance of the brigade, old veterans of the Peninsula. That gallant officer, Colonel E. E. Cross, Fifth New Hampshire Volunteers, who led the brigade staff for their gallantry upon the field, of which number Captain [George H.] Caldwell, assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant [John H.] Root, assistant inspector-general, were wounded severely in the discharge of their duties. The following are the casualties in the brigade:

Officers and men.Killed.Wounded.Missing.TotalCommissioned officers.321....24Enlisted men5623812306Total5925912330
Total strength of the brigade going into action, 780 muskets. At 4 o'clock on the afternoon of July 5, the brigade was ordered out of its position, and from this date, by a series of marches, reached a position near Tilghmanton, Md., on the 10th instant. While lying here, the brigade supported Carroll's brigade, Third Division, Second Corps, on a reconnaissance, and drove the enemy to within 3 miles of

