
Hagerstown, on the Hagerstown turnpike, falling back, however, to Jones' Cross-Roads, near which point the brigade threw up works, in anticipation of a general engagement with the enemy, On the 14th instant, my command held the advance in pursuit of the enemy's rear guard, capturing some 50 prisoners, and giving up the pursuit near Falling Waters. From this place the First Brigade, with the balance of the division, moved by rapid marches to Harper's Ferry, W. Va., halting for supplies a few days on the southern side of Maryland Heights, near Sandy Hook, and crossing the Potomac on the 18th. Shortly after crossing the river, in the same day, I received an order to report to the surgeon-in-chief of the general hospital in Philadelphia, and I immediately turned the command over to Lieutenant-Colonel McFarlane, One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers. Up to this time, after leaving Gettysburg, the brigade met with no loss whatever in killed or wounded. Respectfully,

H. BOYD McKEEN,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade.

Major JOHN HANCOCK, A. A. G., First Division, Second Army Corps.

No. 79. Report of Major Richard E. Cross, Fifth New Hampshire Infantry.

CAMP NEAR HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA.,

July 16, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to transmit the following report of the part taken by the Fifth New Hampshire Volunteers in the actions of July 2 and 3, and the pursuit of the 14th instant: The regiment went into action, July 2 with 14 commissioned officers and 165 men; were under a heavy fire for two hours, every officer and man doing his duty. At the end of that time. having expended all of our ammunition, we were relieved by the Fifth Army Corps. The regiment fell back, firing in good order. The loss of the regiment was 1 commissioned officer killed and 4 wounded; 25 enlisted men killed and 49 wounded. On the morning of the 3rd instant, the regiment occupied the same ground which it held on the morning of the 2d. The forenoon was spent in throwing up intrenchments, which proved of great benefit to the regiment, as the enemy opened a tremendous cannonade on our line at about 2 p. m. During all this heavy fire we lost but 1 man, who was killed on the picket line. On the 14th instant, the regiment was attached to Colonel Brooke's brigade and acted as skirmisher, following up the enemy to within a short distance of Falling Waters, capturing some 50 prisoners, all of whom were turned over to the provost guard. During all the fourteen days of fighting, marching, and skirmishing, the regiment has behaved in the most gallant and satisfactory manner, enduring all their hardships without a murmur. Among the officers who particularly distinguished themselves on July 2, I would mention the names of Captain J. S. Ricker, Company

