
C; Captain G. F. Goodwin, Company D; Lieutenant William McGee, Company E, and Sergt. Major E. H. Marston. Colonel E. E. Cross being in command of the brigade, the command of the regiment devolved upon Lieutenant Colonel C. E. Hapgood, who behaved in the most gallant manner, but who, I am sorry to say, we were compelled to leave behind at Frederick, Md., on account of Sickness, which prevented him from sharing the victory and hardships of the 14th instant.

I am, colonel, very respectfully,

R. E. CROSS,

Major, Commanding Fifth New Hampshire Volunteers.

Colonel H. B. McKEEN,

Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 80. Report of Lieutenant Colonel K. Oscar Broady, Sixty-first New York Infantry.

CAMP NEAR SANDY HOOK, MD.,

JULY 16, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report: In the forenoon of the 2nd instant, my regiment, together with the rest of the brigade, arrived on the field near Gettysburg, Pa., and was halted near and to the left of Cemetery Hill. The brigade was formed in close column by battalion, The Sixty-first New York Volunteers in front and the One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers in t; he rear. While here, and at a halt, we were occasionally exposed to the enemy's artillery fire, but without sustaining any loss to our number. About 4 p. m. the Fifth New Hampshire Volunteers were removed from the column, leaving the Sixty-first New York in the front. About 6 p. m. we were marched by the left flank for about half a mile to the front and left of our previous position, when the brigade was formed in line of battle by inversion and faced by the rear rank, thus leaving my command still on the right of line. We then advanced to the front for about 200 yards, and engaged the enemy, who was mostly sheltered behind a stone-wall fence, used as a breastwork. The enemy's fire was particularly severe on that part of the line where the Sixty-first New York was posted. The loss sustained here was 6 commissioned officers wounded, of whom 1 has since died; 6 enlisted men killed and 50 wounded. Being able t bring into action only 90 muskets, it will be seen I sustained a loss of almost two-thirds of the whole strength. The wounds received by my men seemed to be of an unusually severe character, and it is to be feared that the greater portion of the wounded will never be fit fore active service again. The engagement lasted about half an hour, when we were relieved, I received orders from Lieutenant D. K. Cross, on General Caldwell's staff, to form my command into a guard, and take to the rear 100 prisoners, just brought in by another brigade. Not finding any provost guard anywhere on the road, I had to conduct these prisoners for about 2 miles to the rear, and kept guard over them for the night.

