
On the morning of the 3d, I left them with 1 lieutenant of my regiment and 16 men as provost guard, and returned with the rest of my command to the front, and joined the brigade, which was then occupying almost the same ground as on the day previous, having thrown up earthworks in front, we remained here, exposed to a very heavy artillery fire from the enemy during the day, previous, Having thrown up earthworks in front, we remained here, exposed to a very heavy artillery fire from the enemy during the day, but without any loss to our number. We continued int his position until the forenoon of the 5th instant, when it was fully ascertained that the enemy had fallen back, and we again resumed the march. During the whole engagement my command, officers and men, behaved with the utmost coolness and valor, They performed all that could be expected or demanded of true and good soldiers. to particularize would not be just where every man is worthy of praise.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

K. O. BROADY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Sixty-first New York Volunteers. Lieutenant

J. B. HALLENBECK, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

No. 81. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Amos Stroh, Eighty-first Pennsylvania Infantry.

NEAR GETTYSBURG, PA., July 5, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Eighty-First Pennsylvania Volunteers during the recent engagement; About 5 o'clock on the evening of the 2nd instant, we were moved to the left, where we found a heavy infantry fight going on. We enemy lay, under cover of a stone wall and partly concealed by a dense wood. Here we opened fire, and expended nearly all our ammunition, when we were relieved by another regiment taking our place. We lay on the field a short time, and then marched still farther to the rear, and took position with the One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers behind a stone fence, where we were joined by the balance of the brigade, and marched back to the position we occupied in the early part of the day, and which we still occupy. Our loss during the day was 5 men killed, 5 officers and 44 men wounded, and 8 men missing. Compared to the number we took into action, our loss was nearly as great as in any former engagement. On the morning of the 5th instant, we threw up breastworks, which have been of great protection to the men. During the artillery firing of the 3rd and 4th instant, the regiment was not actively engaged, and suffered no loss during the attacks made by the enemy on this front.

Respectfully,

AMOS STROH,

Lieutenant Colonel, Comdg. Eighty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

First Brigade.

25 R R-VOL XXVII, PT I

