
Accompanying this, I forward the report of each regimental commander.

Very respectfully,

P. KELLY, Colonel,

Commanding Brigade.

Major JOHN HANCOCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 83. Report of Colonel Richard Byrnes, Twenty-eighth Massachusetts Infantry.

NEAR BEALETON, VA.,

August 2, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit the following report of the part taken by this regiment during the battle of Gettysburg, Pa., July 2 and 3: At 3 p. m., July 2, the order was given to advance, and the regiment proceeded a short distance forward and to the left, and then was ordered back to its original position. Soon after was ordered to move to the left, and about 5. 30 o'clock became engaged with the enemy, who were posted in an advantageous position on the crest of a rocky hill. We forced them to retire from this eminence, and advanced over the top and almost to the bottom of the other side of the hill being all the time exposed to a very severe fire of musketry, and losing many men in killed and wounded. About 7 p. m., finding all save this regiment were retiring from the hill, and that the enemy were on both our flanks, as well as in front, I brought my command from the field, losing many men from the hill, and that the enemy were on both our flanks, as will as in front, I brought my command from the field, losing many men from the concentrated fire of the rebels. Our loss int his action was 100 in killed, wounded, and missing, out of 224 taken into the engagement. I reformed the regiment, and rejoined the brigade near the Second Division hospital about dark and soon after were moved to the front, where we remained all night, and in the morning erected breastworks of rails and earth, behind which we remained throughout the entire day, during the greater portion of which the enemy kept up an extremely heavy fire of artillery, and made two attempts to force our lines, but were repulsed on each occasion with we erected on the 3rd instant, we suffered no casualties from the enemy's fire. I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

RICHARD BYRNES,

Colonel, Comdg. Twenty-eighth Massachusetts Vols.

Lieutenant W. S. BAILEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 84. Report of Captain Thomas Touhy, Sixty-third New York Infantry.

HDQRS. SIXTY-THIRD BATTALION NEWYORK VOLS.

August 2, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to most respectfully make the following report of the part the Sixty-Third Battalion New York Volunteers took in the battle of Gettysburg, July 2; For more effective duty in action, the Sixty-third was consolidated

