
with the Sixty-ninth and Eighty-eighth Battalions New York Volunteers. The three battalions, composed of two companies each, were commanded by Lieutenant Colonel R. C. Bentley, of the Sixty-third, forming a part of the Second Brigade, First Division, Second Corps, and were with the division when it advanced to the front line on the morning of July 2, where we lay in line of battle until about 4 p. m. and were then ordered to advance with the brigade to the woods on the left of our position, where we engaged the enemy's infantry and fought them over an hour, driving them a distance of over threequarters of a mile, and capturing many prisoners, among whom were some officers, The battalion was armed with smooth-bore Springfield muskets, caliber 69, and each man before going into action was provided with 60 rounds of buck-and-ball cartridges, caliber 69, Our aggregate strength was 75 men, out which we lost the following:

Officers and men.Killed.Wounded.Prisoners.Missing.TotalCommissioned officers.....1....12Enlisted men697....22Total6107124
Among the wounded was Lieutenant Colonel R. C. Bentley, who was struck in the left leg with a piece of shell. Second Lieutenant Dominick I. Connally was taken prisoner, and is now at Richmond, Va. I take pleasure in stating that both officers and men behaved in the most creditable manner, showing great coolness and bravery while under fire The battalion after being relieved returned to the position they at first occupied threw up breastworks, and were under heavy fire from the enemy's batteries all the succeeding day (July 3), having 1 man wounded by explosion of a shell.

All of which is most respectfully submitted.

THOMAS TOUHY,

Captain Company A, Commanding Battalion.

Lieutenant W. S. BAILEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

Numbers 85. Report of Lieutenant James J. Smith, Sixty-ninth New York Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTY-NINTH REGIMENT, NEW YORK VOLS.,August 5, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with notice from brigade headquarters, I beg leave to submit the following report of the part this regiment took in the action near Gettysburg, Pa: We arrived near Gettysburg on the evening of July 1, having marched from Uniontown, Md. About 10 a. m. July 2 we were placed in position in line of battle, forming at the time part of the second line, the Twenty-eighth Mas-

