
WASHINGTON,

June 14, 1863-5. 50 p. m.

Major-General HOOKER:

So as far as we can make out here, the enemy have Milroy surrounded at Winchester and Tyler at Martinsburg. If they could hold out a few days, could you help them? If the head of Lee's army is at Martinsburg and the tail of it on the Plank road between Fredericksburg and Chancellorsville, the animal must be very slim somewhere. Could you not break him?

A. LINCOLN.

ARMY OF THE POTOMAC

June 14, 1863-7. 10 p. m.

The PRESIDENT:

In answer to your dispatch concerning General Ewell, I must refer you to that of General Pleasonton, dated 6. 05 p. m. to-day. *

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General.

DUMFRIES,

June 14, 1863-8. 30 p. m.

{Received 9 p. m.
Mr. PRESIDENT: I have reason to believe that Longstreet's and the greater part of Ewell's corps marched from Culpeper, on the Sperryville road, on Sunday last [7th], and that a column, which occupied four hours in passing, followed on Thursday. If this was the case, the head of the column has had time to reach Winchester, and if it is a movement for invasion, it is a fair presumption to conclude that the bulk of his cavalry is with him. The enemy has in this column not less than between 70, 000 and 80, 000 men. A. P. Hill's corps, of about 30, 000, is still on the south side of the Rappahannock, and General Hancock has just informed me that present appearances indicate that he intends to force the passage of the river in the morning. His troops have all been halted at and below Banks' Ford. My trains are all this side of Stafford Court-House, and the public property, I am informed, will be removed from Aquia tomorrow-the sick to-night. The First Corps is at Kettle Run; the Second on the Rappahannock; the Third and Fifth at Catlett's Station; the Sixth at Potomac Creek; the Eleventh at Centreville; and the Twelfth at Dumfries to-night. The Second will probably withdraw, the First march to Manassas, and the Sixth to Stafford Court-House during the night.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General.

DUMFRIES,

June 14, 1863-11. 15 p. m.

{Received 11. 30 p. m.
His Excellency the PRESIDENT:

Has anything further been heard from Winchester? Will the President allow me to inquire if it is his opinion that Winchester is surrounded by the rebel forces? I make this inquiry for the reason that General [I. R.] Trimble was recently assigned, in orders, to the

-------------

*See Pleasonton to Hooker, June 14, Part III. p. 101.

---------------

