
officers and 69 enlisted men, and that we lost during the action 5 men killed, 1 officer and 13 men wounded, and 6 men missing. In conclusion, I will state that, with the single exception that I have made above, I feel proud to say that all the officers and men engaged in the action acted as good soldiers and brave men.

I have the honor to be, lieutenant, very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

JAMES J. SMITH,

1st Lieut, and Adjt., Comdg. Sixty-ninth Regt, New York Vols.

Lieutenant W. S. BAILEY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General Second Brig., First Div., Second Corps.

Numbers 86. Report of Captain Denis F. Burke, Eighty-eighth New York Infantry.

CAMP NEAR MORRISVILLE, VA.,

August 3, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to forward the following report of the Eighty-eighth New York Volunteers during the action at Gettysburg, Pa., on July 2 and 3: On the morning of the 2d, this regiment advanced in line, and took up position on the left of the town of Gettysburg in conjunction with the other regiments of this brigade. We held this position until about 5 p. m. when, the enemy having massed his forces on the left of our position we were ordered to advance, and support the troops already in position there. We made our advance in brigade line of battle, being exposed during this time to a heavy fire of musketry and artillery. We steadily drove the enemy, charging repeatedly, and finally caused then to retreat in utter confusion, though we were opposed by a greatly superior force, Both officers and men displayed the greatest gallantry and bravery, cheering and encouraging their comrades during the thickest of the fight. We drove the enemy for over half a mile through a thickly wooded and rocky country, and held our position until relieved by the Third Brigade. The strength of the regiment entering the fight was 90 men, all told, Out of this number we lost 1 officer and 7 enlisted men killed, 1 officer and 16 men wounded, and 3 enlisted men missing, supposed killed. I would beg to recommend to your notice for bravery and excellent conduct on the field the following -named officers:Captain Patrick Ryder, First Lieutenant Charles m. Granger and Thomas H. O'Brien, and Second Lieutenant Patrick J. McCabe ; but the conduct of Adjt. William McClelland - severely wounded, since dead-deserves particular notice, At all times int he hottest part of the fight, he kept encouraging the men and inciting them to still greater deeds of valor a braved soldier and a good man, whom we can illy afford to spare. Our division being outflanked on our right, we were ordered to fall back, which we did, and formed again to the left of the position we held in the morning and on the prolongation of our line We rested on our arms all night, and assisted, with the other regiments of the brigade, in throwing up breastworks, which we completed early on the morning of the 3d, and held until the close of the

