
cause, until, reaching a ravine which ran parallel with our line, about midway between us and their artillery, they halted, being under cover and no longer exposed to our fire. They halted but to surrender. Finding, I presume, that their ranks were too much thinned to think of charging our works, knowing the heavy loss they would sustain in attempting to reach their own lines again, and thinking discretion the better part of valor, they laid down their arms and surrendered almost to a man. Perceiving the failure of their infantry to carry our position, the enemy again opened their batteries, but, after another hour's fire, withdrew, leaving us victors of the field. During the day's fighting the heat was very great, and the men, being exposed and having neither shelter nor water, suffered intensely. Soon after sunset the same evening the rain commenced to descend in torrents, wetting every one, filling the rifle-pits, and making us most uncomfortable. But my command was ever hopeful, and bore the fatigue and suffering incidental to a great battle with the cheerfulness that ever characterizes the true soldier. The sun rose on the morning of the 4th instant and found us victors of every part of the field. We remained in the same position until the afternoon of this day, when my command, with the division, formed line, and marched to the village of Two Taverns, where we encamped for the night. In closing my report, I cannot refraining from mentioning the cool and gallant bearing of my command. Of the officers it is almost useless for me to speak, Every one did his duty in a manner that excited my warmest admiration and gratitude. Were i to mention any one in particular it would be but showing injustice to the rest, as each one tried to excel the other in deeds of gallantry and daring. Of the enlisted men, I feel happy in mentioning the names of Color Sgt. Abraham T. Detweiler, Serg. Thomas Detweiler, Company A, and Private Jefferson Carl, Company C, as having especially distinguished themselves in the action of the 2nd instant. Our casualties during the three days' continuance of the fight were 2 men killed, 12 wounded, and 1 officer (Captain John Teed) and 7 enlisted men missing. Respectfully submitted.

Your Obedient servant,

ST. CLAIR A. MULHOLLAND,

Major, Comdg. 116th Pennsylvania volunteers.

Captain THEO W. GREIG,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 88. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel John Fraser, One hundred and fortieth Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding regiment and Third Brigade.
HDQRS. 140th REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,August 8, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the third Brigade in the recent engagement with the enemy at Gettysburg, Pa.: On the morning of July 2, this brigade arrived on the battle-field,

