
under the command od Brigadier-General Zook, and was placed in order of column in rear of the Second Brigade. About 4 p. m. on dame day, the brigade was marched rapidly toward the left to assist the Third Corps, which was at the time engaged with the enemy. When the brigade arrived nearly opposite the position assigned to it, it was formed in order of battle, having the One hundred and fortieth Pennsylvania Volunteers on the extreme right, the Sixty-sixth New York Volunteers in the center, the Fifty-second New York Volunteers on the left, and the Fifty-seventh New York Volunteers a short distance in the rear as a reserve, and was moved rapidly forward t engage the enemy. The brigade advanced steadily, driving the enemy before it, until it reached its most advanced position on the crest of a small hill. It held this position until it became necessary to retreat, the enemy having brought forward fresh troops, who succeeded in flanking us on the right and left. The retreat, however, did not commence before it had become general on other parts of the line. Shortly after the close of this action, July 2, the brigade assembled, and was formed in line of battle in the position assigned to it on the afternoon of July 3, inflicted no loss on ; the brigade. It was unnecessary for the brigade to take an active part in this engagement, the enemy having failed to advance beyond our picket line. The conduct of officers and men deserves very high commendation. In the action of July 2, the brigade lost its highly esteemed general, several gallant officers, and a large number of brave men. A list of casualties has been already forwarded. *

I have the honor to be, major, yours, respectfully,

JOHN FRASER,

Lieutenant Colonel 140th Pennsylvania Vols., Comdg. Third Brigadier

Major JOHN HANCOCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division.
HEADQUARTERS 140TH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,August 7, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the One hundred and fortieth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers in the recent engagements at Gettysburg, Pa.: On the morning of July 2, this regiment, under the command of Colonel R. P. Roberts, arrived on the battle-ground where it remained for several hours in order of columns by wings, right wing in front, a few paces in rear of the Second Brigade. About 4 p. m. the brigade was marched rapidly to the left, to assist the Third Corps, which was then sustaining a fierce attack. When it arrived nearly opposite the place assigned to it, the brigade was formed in line of battle, with the One hundred and fortieth Pennsylvania Volunteers on the extreme right, and was moved rapidly forward to engage the enemy. As soon as the order was given, this

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 175

