
regiment opened a brisk fire, which it kept up with great firmness and coolness, steadily driving the enemy before it until we reached the crest of a small hill, During the advance to this crest, the four left companies of this regiment, with the regiments to the left, gradually made a considerable wheel to the right. Shortly after reaching the crest I observed a great many to the left of this brigade moving rapidly to the rear, and the rebels, apparently fresh troops, in large numbers and in good order marching to outflank us on the right. Anxious to know what orders general Zook had to give in the crisis, I sent twice to get instructions from him, but neither the general nor any of his staff could be found. I did not know at the time, nor until after the fight was over, that General Zook had been mortally wounded when leading the brigade into action. Inferring, from the large numbers of men who to the left of my regiment were continuously rushing to the rear, that a large potion of our division was actually retreating, I judged it necessary for the safety of those who had wheeled considerably into the enemy's ground to maintain my position until I considered it necessary to order my men to march in retreat, which they did at first in good order, the four right companies halting several times, . and firing, to check the pursuit of the enemy. After this engagement on the 2d, the regiment assembled with the rest of the brigade, and formed in line of battle on the left center of the battle-ground and about 50 paces in rear of the Second Brigade. On the morning of July 3, the regiment, pursuant to orders, constructed breastworks immediately in front of its line. The severe and long-continued artillery fire which the rebels opened upon us prior to their fruitless attack upon our position in the afternoon of this day, did no harm to any one in the regiment. Colonel Roberts was killed while bravely leading on his men at the commencement of the action on July 2. The conduct of officers and men in these engagements at Gettysburg deserves the highest praise. A list of the heavy casualties of the regiment has been already forwarded. *

I have the honor to be, captain, yours, respectfully,

JOHN FRASER,

Lieutenant-Colonel 140th Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Captain GEORGE W. JONES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

Numbers 89. Report of Captain William Scherrer, Fifty-second New York Infantry.

CAMP NEAR MORRISVILLE, VA.,

August 2, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with circular from headquarters Second Army Corps, August 2, I have the honor to report that on July 2 this regiment arrived on the field near Gettysburg at about 10 a. m. At 4 p. m. the regiment, under command of Lieutenant Colonel Charles G. Freudenberg, was ordered by General Zook, commanding this bri-

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 175.

---------------

