
gade to advance toward our left, which wa done in double-quick and in good order. Passing in line of battle through a small wood, the regiment finally arrived at a corn-field, where the battle had been already raging for several hours. Here the regiment, together with the brigade, commenced firing, giving the enemy, who was then seen fleeing in all directions. Driving them about 1, 500 or 2, 000 yards through the woods and over the rocks, the regiment arrived on the edge of the woods, and was there ordered to halt. About twenty-five minutes afterward the regiment was ordered to fall back, as the enemy had flanked us on our right. During this engagement, which lasted over an hour, the regiment lost as follows: Killed, 1 officer and 1 enlisted man; wounded 3 officers and 21 enlisted men, and missing, 8 enlisted men. Three enlisted men died since in hospital near Gettysburg. the regiment then organized again, and rested for the night near the Taneytown road. On July 3, the regiment occupied a position on the left of the battle-field and opposite the enemy's batteries, which could plainly by see. During the shell fire, which commenced soon after 12 o'clock, the regiment was much exposed, but, fortunately, lost but 2 enlisted men, very slightly wounded by a piece of shell. During the fight on July 2, the officers and men of this regiment performed their duties to their utmost endeavors.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. SCHERRER,

Captain, Comdg. 52nd Regiment New York Vols.

Captain GEORGE W. JONES,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigade.

Numbers 90 Report of Lieutenant Colonel Alford B. Chapman, Fifty-seventh New York Infantry,

CAMP NEAR MORRISVILLE, VA.,

August 5, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the recent actions near Gettysburg, Pa.: This brigade, having been detailed the day previous as guard to the wagon train, did not arrive on the scene of action until the morning of July 2 . On the afternoon of that day, the division was moved rapidly to the left, to the support of the Third Corps, then engaged in repelling a severe attack of the enemy on that point. This regiment brought up the rear of the brigade, which was then the rearmost of the division, but in taking position in line was moved to the right. I was directed by General Zook to take a position in supporting distance of the front line. The firing at this time was very severe, and General Zook was soon after mortally wounded and taken from the fields, Shortly afterward, a staff officer rode up to me

