
and stated that the right of the line had broken and that the enemy were coming in rapidly on that flank, advising me to move my regiment to the rear to avoid being taken. I determined and was about to change front forward to the right and endeavor to protect the right flank of the brigade, when the whole line in front of me suddenly gave way, breaking through the ranks of my regiment in considerable disorder. I held my men together until the greater part of the front line had broken through, and then moved to the rear in line and in good order, the enemy following closely. During this retrograde movement I halted my regiment several times, and endeavored to rally men enough on its flanks to check the advance of the enemy, but without success. Another line of our troops soon after moved into action, and I reported to General Caldwell, and joined other regiments of the division then collecting together. On the morning of July 3, I was directed to erect slight breastworks in front of my regiment, the division being then in line to the right of the field in which it was engaged the day previous. This was done in a short time, and proved of great service during the day in protecting the men from the fire of artillery. During the day we sustained the most severe and long-continued artillery fire of the war, followed by a most determined infantry did not succeed in advancing beyond our picket line excepting as prisoners of war. The list of casualties in my regiment has been heretofore forward. * I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. B. CHAPMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel Fifty-Seventh New York Vols., Comdg. Regiment

Captain GEORGE W. JONES,

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL.

Numbers 91. REPORT OF Major Peter Nelson, Sixty-sixth New York Infantry.

NEAR MORRISVILLE, VA.,

August 3, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with orders from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Sixty-sixth New York volunteers in the action of Gettysburg, July 2, 3, and 4: This regiment, under the command of Colonel O. H. Morris, arrived on the ground on the morning of the 2d, after a very fatiguing march from Uniontown, Md., which occupied us the whole of the previous say and night. We formed line of battle, with the One hundred and fortieth Pennsylvania Volunteers in our front in two lines, the Fifty-second New York Volunteers on our right, and the Fifty-seventh New York Volunteers in our rear. We here stacked arms, and permitted the men to take that rest they so much required. About 4 p. m. the rebels opened on us with a severe fire of artillery,

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 175.

---------------

