
behalf of their country and the cause of justice, humanity, and the enforcement of the laws.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

P. NELSON,

Major, Commanding Sixty-sixth New York Volunteers.

Captain GEORGE W. JONES,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General Third Brigade, First Division.

Numbers 92. Reports of Colonel John R. Brooke, Fifty-third Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding fourth Brigade.
HDQRS. FOURTH BRIG., FIRST DIV., SECOND ARMY CORPS,Bivouac near Thoroughfare Gap, Va.,

June 23, 1863.

SIR: In accordance with instructions received this day from headquarters First Division, I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of my command on the 14th and 15 the instant: At about 4 p. m. June 14, having previously received orders therefor from the major-general commanding corps, proceeded to Banks' Ford, arriving there about 6 p. m. the detachment under my command consisting of portions of the fifty-third pennsylvania, One hundred and forty-fifth Pennsylvania, Second Delaware, Sixty-fourth New York, Twenty-seventh Connecticut, and two pieces of artillery from Battery A, Fourth U. S. Artillery. The command was halted when near the ford, at a point as near as could be reached without being exposed to view. I at once moved forward with three of my regiments (Second Delaware, One hundred and forty-fifth Pennsylvania, and Sixty-fourth New York), and posted them to support the picket on duty there, consisting of the Fifty-second New York, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Freudenberg. In the wood to the rear of the first-mentioned regiment a battalion of the Eighth Pennsylvania Cavalry was bivouacked, under command of Captain Wickersham. In accordance with orders furnished me by the major-general commanding the corps, I proceeded when fully dark to withdraw the infantry pickets and post cavalry, with instructions to follow the infantry at the expiration of one and a half hours. The command having been collected, and joined by the Fifty-second New York, took up the line of march, and had reached within a short distance of the main Warrenton road, when Lieutenant W. D. W. Miller, aide-de-camp, arrived with orders to replace the infantry pickets at the ford, and move with the rest of the command to Berea Church, and occupy the cross-roads, at that point. The Fifty-second New york again took up the picket line at the ford, supported by the Second Delaware, the remainder of the detachment moving on to Berea Church, where the troops were put into position the artillery being posted to the best advantage to cover the roads. The detachment arrived at the church about 11 p. m. Having thrown out pickets, the men were permitted to sleep on their arms until, at or about 1. 30 a. m. Lieutenant Miller, aide-de-camp, arrived with orders to abandon the ford at once, and to move the whole detachment to Stafford Court-House, the choice of roads being left to my discretion.

