
at 5. 30 a. m. the infantry all assembled at Berea Church, . The command was moved at once, taking the shortest road to Stafford Court-House, the whole detachment arriving there safely about 9. 30 a. m. June 15. No casualties occurred to the detachment while under my command, nor were any of the enemy seen, excepting those in their works on the right bank of the river, opposite the ford. Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN R. BROOKE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major JOHN HANCOCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH Brigadier FIRST DIV., SECOND A. C.,August 15, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the late actions at Gettysburg, Pa., and subsequent movements to Warrenton, Va.:

June 29, at about 6 a. m. marched from Monocacy Bridge, below Frederick City, Md., to Uniontown, a distance of about 31 miles where the troops remained until July 1, at 6 a. m. when they marched for Taneytown. On reaching the latter, it became evident and engagement was in progress with the enemy at or near Gettysburg, Pa., when the march was continued. and the command arrived at a point about 3 miles from Gettysburg about 9. 30 p. m. The brigade then took a position on the right of the road, and, after establishing a picket line on the right flank, extending to the rear, the men were allowed to sleep. On the morning of July 2, at about 3 a. m., the command moved forward in column for the field of battle arriving there soon after sunrise, and forming the right of the division, was formed in mas by columns of regiments on the left of the Second division. During the day, the enemy were evidently feeling our position from right to left.

At about 5 p. m. a furious attack was made upon our left, In a short time, General Caldwell directed me to move to the left. I immediately marched, following the Irish Brigade, and forming in line in a copse of woods in rear of the Irish Brigade, and moving forward in supporting distance, I crossed an open field or marsh, when, meeting the general commanding the division, he commanded me to halt my line. He then moved the Irish Brigade to the right, leaving my brigade in rear of and at supporting distance from the First Brigade, Colonel Cross, which was then hotly engaged beyond the crest, behind which I then was. In a short time the general commanding directed me to relieve the First Brigade. I advanced in line, faced by the rear rank (which formation was necessary, from the fact that there was not time to form by the front rank), and, passing the line of Colonel Cross at the edge of a wheat-field, I became at once hotly engaged. Pressing forward, firing as we went, we drove back the first line of the enemy, capturing a great number, and then charging the second line. drove it from its almost impregnable position on a rocky crest.

I now found my flanks threatened by a strong force of the enemy, and immediately sent an officer to the general commanding the division for assistance, and finding also a part of the Third Brigade close

