
On the 12th, moved forward about three-quarters of a mile, and took up an advantageous position on a crest, in heavy timber; threw up strong entrenchments at this point. On the morning of the 14th, at 5 o'clock, received orders to move my brigade to the frond and feel the enemy. The Fifth New Hampshire and Fifty-seventh New York were temporarily attached to my command; the Twenty-seventh Connecticut and One hundred and forty-fifth Pennsylvania were temporarily detached, not being drilled as skirmishers. Advancing, with the brigade deployed as skirmishers, I moved on the enemy's works, but found them evacuated; took many prisoners, and pressed forward to Falling Waters for the night. On the 15th, marched for Sandy Hook, by way of Downsville and Sharpsburg, arriving at Sandy Hook on the 16th, a. m. On the 18th, took up line of march [leaving the Twenty-seventh Connecticut, whose term of service had nearly expired], crossing the Potomac and Shenandoah at Harper's Ferry. Bivouacked near Keys' Pass, in Loudoun Valley. On July 19 and 20, marched to near Upperville, remaining here until July 22, when the march was resumed via Upperville to Paris. My brigade was ordered to occupy Ashby's Gap and remain until relieved by the Twelfth Corps. At 2. 30 p. m. on the 23d, being relieved by a brigade of the Twelfth Corps, I pushed on after the corps {which had marched to Markham, near Manassas Gap, at an early hour, reaching Markham at dark; and receiving orders to push on and join the corps, which had been ordered to Linden, I marched through the Gap, and joined the division about 1 a. m., this being the hardest march the troops ever made, being over a hilly, rocky, and marshy country, and it being very dark. On the 24th, at 12 m., took up line of march again, reaching Markham at 6 p. m. On the 25th and 26th, marched by way of White Plains and Warrenton to within 3 miles of Warrenton Junction. During the long marches and hard fighting of this campaign, it is but just to say that the men did all that was required of them without a murmur and in a true soldierly spirit.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN R. BROOKE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major JOHN HANCOCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 93. Report of Colonel William P. Baily, Second Delaware Infantry.

CAMP NEAR BEALETON STATION, Va.,

August 15, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to circular from headquarters Army of the Potomac, dated August 12, 1863, I have the honor to submit the following report of this command from June 28 until its arrival in the vicinity of Warrenton, Va.:

At 6 a. m. Monday, June 29, we broke camp, being then within 4 or 5 miles of Frederick's City, Md., and took up a line of march across

