
the Monocacy River Bridge, and successively passed through the villages and towns of Mount Pleasant, Liberty, Union Bridge, Johnsville, and Middletown, reaching a short distance beyond Uniontown, Md., at or about 10 p. m., and bivouacked for the night, having marched a distance, as is usually computed, from 32 to 35 miles. After getting in camp, a detail was taken from this command for picket.

Tuesday, June 30. - The regiment was mustered and inspected for pay.

Wednesday, July 1. - At 8 a. m. we took up a line of march, passing through Taneytown, crossing the Maryland line into Pennsylvania, halting at about (p. m. within 5 or 6 miles of Gettysburg, where we threw up a breastwork of rails and dirt, which was completed about midnight. Marched this day about 14 miles.

Thursday, July 2. - At daylight the regiment, by order of Colonel Brooke, commanding brigade, moved toward Gettysburg, and about 6 a. m. the regiment was placed in line of battle, occupying a position on the right of the brigade.

At 4. 30 p. m. the regiment moved with the brigade about half a mile to the left, where we deployed by the left flank and faced by the rear rank, and faced the enemy. At this moment, Colonel Brooke ordered the line forward. The regiment moved briskly and with regularity, crossing stone walls, fences, and a morass in face of a heavy fire of musketry. The enemy immediately in our front occupied a most advantageous position behind a ledge of rocks upon the brow of a hill. At the foot of this hill the regiment opened fire upon the enemy, and advanced rapidly up the ascent, driving him from his position, capturing a number of prisoners, among whom were 2 commissioned officers. The enemy at this point attempted to rally and regain the ground he had lost, but was held in check. He then made a strong demonstration on our right flank {now our left. There being no support on this flank, the regiment was in danger of being outflanked, when orders were received from Colonel Brooke. commanding brigade, to fall back. The regiment then withdrew and took position on the right of the woods, about 600 yards in the rear of the position it held. The regiment bivouacked at this place. In this engagement our loss was severe.

At 4 o'clock on the morning of the 3d, we received orders to fall in, and move to the left and from, and form line of battle behind the crest of a hill. The enemy immediately opened his batteries with great vigor upon this position, at a range of about 1, 500 yards. The colonel commanding then ordered the line about 60 yards to the front, where we threw up breastworks.

At 9 a. m. Captain Evans, of Company A, was detailed with 30 men to picket in our front. During the day he sent in 64 prisoners, chiefly from North Carolina and Georgia regiments. The enemy kept up a constant and rapid fire of shot and shell upon our position from 5 a. m. until 4 p. m.

I regret to report the loss of Lieutenant H. W. Ottey, Company B, and Lieutenant George, G. Plank, Company E, who were killed in the discharge of their duty in the action of the 2d. I would be invidious to particularize or make any selections where all had discharged their duty nobly and with so much gallantry. In the action on July 3, the regiment was commanded by Captain Christman. Total of our casualties was 87. *

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 175.

---------------

