
Saturday, July 4. - The regiment still in command of Captain Christman, with no change of position. By command of Colonel Brooke, commanding brigade, details were early made to bury our dead and bring in our wounded. All was quiet in our immediate front, excepting picket firing and an occasional shell from the enemy. Toward noon, lines of our troops, of another corps, were deployed some three-fourths of a mile in our front.

Sunday, July 5. - It was discerned that the enemy had left his position the night previous. At about 3 p. m., by order of Colonel Brooke, commanding brigade, we left the breastworks, and took up a line of march, and at 8 p. m. halted at the Two Taverns, having marched about 8 miles. We bivouacked here for the night.

Monday, July 6. - We remained at the Two Taverns all of this date. Tuesday, July 7. - We again took up a line of march, and reached within half a mile of Taneytown, where we then halted at noon and bivouacked, marching some 8 miles.

Wednesday, July 8. - We again took up a line of march at 6. a. m. in a heavy storm, which rendered the roads, fields, and runs in a terrible condition. At 5 p. m. we halted, and bivouacked for the night on the banks of the Monocacy River, distant about 6 1/2 miles from Frederick City. Marched nearly 20 miles this date.

Thursday, July 9. - We again took up a line of march at 6 a. m., passing through Frederick City, Jefferson, and Burkittsville, and, passing through Crampton's Gap, Md., bivouacked for the night having marched 20 miles this date.

Friday, July 10. - Again took up a line of march at 6 a. m., passing through Keedysville, and halted after having made 11 miles, and bivouacked.

Saturday, July 11. - Again took up a line of march, and reached Jones' Cross-Roads, when, at 11. a. m., the enemy's pickets were met. By order of the colonel commanding brigade, we took up a position in a wheat-field, the left of the command resting near the Hagerstown turnpike. A detail of skirmishers was made from this regiment at 3 p. m., who advanced upon the enemy's skirmishers in our front, and drove them about half a mile, occupying at dark their position. At 9 p. m. our position was changed, so as to become parallel with the turnpike road, and we then rested for the night on our arms.

Sunday, July 12. - At 3 p. m., by command of the colonel commanding brigade, this command moved out to the front, occupying the position of our skirmishers of the 11 instant. The skirmishers in our front also moved forward. At dark we were ordered to throw up breastworks, which we did, of rails and dirt. There was an occasional shot between the pickets during the day. It rained very heavily during the night.

Monday, July 13. - At daylight we commenced strengthening our breastworks, expecting an attack from the enemy at any moment during the day.

Tuesday, July 14. - By command of Colonel Brooke, commanding brigade, at daylight the regiment was deployed as skirmishers, and moved forward, passing over the enemy's works down to the Potomac River at Falling Waters without opposition.

Wednesday, July 15. - Took up a line of march at 7 a. m., and arrived at sundown near Maryland Heights; bivouacked for the night. Thursday, July 16. - Took up a line of march at 9 a. m., and encamped at Sandy Hook.

