
Friday, July 17. - Lay all day at this place.

Saturday, July 18. - Took up a line of march at 6 a. m., and crossed the Potomac River, passing through Harper's Ferry, across the Shenandoah River, and into Virginia once more. We then struck into Loudoun Valley, and, after marching 6 miles, we halted and bivouacked for the night.

Sunday, July 19. - Took up a line of march, and, after marching 8 miles, halted and bivouacked for the night. This day was very warm and close.

Monday, July 20. - Took up a line of march at 8. a. m., and marched about 5 miles and bivouacked near Snickersville.

Tuesday, July 21. - In the same place we stopped at last night. Wednesday, July 22. -Took up a line of march at 1 p. m., and marched to Ashby's Gap. Our brigade {the Fourth went on picket, passing through the village of Paris. The enemy's cavalry was seen during the day.

Thursday, July 23. - The corps started on the march at daylight, our brigade remaining on picket until 1 p. m., when we were relieved by a brigade of the Twelfth Corps. We then started to rejoin our corps at Manassas Gap, reaching that place at midnight. This was, without exception, the hardest march we had ever endured; not that the distance was great, but the roads were so stony, hilly, and so many small streams to cross. The Third Corps had a skirmish with A. P. Hill's corps during the day.

Friday, July 24. - Took up a line of march, and halted near a small village at the mouth of the Gap and bivouacked for the night. Saturday, July 25. - Took up a line of march; reached White Plains, near Thoroughfare Gap, and bivouacked for the night.

Sunday, July 26. - Took up a line of march at 5 a. m., and passed through White Plains and New Baltimore, and reached Warrenton about noon. After resting about an hour, we marched to Catlett's Station. Distance marched, about 20 miles. The above is a correct report to the best of my knowledge.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. P. BAILY,

Colonel Second Delaware Volunteers. Lieutenant

CHARLES P. HATCH, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 94. Reports of Major Leman W. Bradley, Sixty-fourth New York Infantry.

PLEASANT VALLEY, MD.,

July 17, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part taken by the Sixty-fourth Regiment New York Volunteers at the battle of Gettysburg, Pa., July 2 and 3.

The regiment went into the engagement on July 2 under the command of Colonel Daniel G. Bingham, numbering 185 enlisted men carrying rifles, and 19 commissioned officers. The regiment was deployed in line faced by the rear rank on the right of the Fifty-third Pennsylvania Regiment, the left of the Sec-

