
ond Delaware Regiment resting on our right. The regiment advanced with the brigade rapidly and steadily under a sharp fire from the enemy, whom we drove before us, killing, wounding, and taking many prisoners. Our loss on the 2nd was:

Officers and men	Killed	Wounded	Missing	Total

Commissioned officers	 4	 7	 --	 11

Enlisted men	 11	 54	 18	 83

Total	 15	 61	 18	 94

On the morning of the 3d, the Sixty-fourth was in line on the left of the brigade, and mustered for action 1 field officer, 5 captains, 6 lieutenants, and 85 enlisted men with rifles. Colonel Bingham being wounded and at division hospital, the command of the regiment devolved upon Major Bradley. Breastworks were built to our front, which proved a defense against the heavy cannonading received from the enemy on that day. Our only loss this day was 1 man wounded on picket, under the command of Captain W. W. Wait. I am happy to say, as far as came to my knowledge, every officer and enlisted man did his duty in such a manner as to honor himself, his regiment, his brigade, and his country. On the 4th, we buried our dead and held short religious services, conducted by the chaplain of the One hundred and forty-fifth Pennsylvania Regiment. On Sunday morning, the 5th, we had an inspection of arms. At 4 p. m. the regiment marched with its brigade in the direction of Frederick City, Md.

Most respectfully, yours,

L. W. BRADLEY,

Major, Comdg. Sixty-fourth New York Volunteers.

Lieutenant CHARLES P. HATCH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Brooke's Brigade.

NEAR KELLY'S FORD, VA.,

August 15, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the proceedings of the Sixty-fourth New York Volunteers from June 28 till the time of going into camp near Warrenton: Tuesday, June 28, the regiment, under the command of Colonel D. G. Bingham, marched with the brigade at 6 a. m. from Barnesville, Md. After a march of 12 miles, bivouacked on the banks of the Monocacy, 3 miles from Frederick City. On the 29 th, we were ordered to be in readiness to move at 6 a. m., at which time the regiment marched with the brigade toward Uniontown, at which place we arrived in the evening, after a march of over 30 miles. On the 30th, we remained at Uniontown, and the regiment was mustered for pay.

