
At 1 p. m. marched back trough the gap, and bivouacked near Martin's {Markham Station at 5 p. m. On the 25th, moved at 5 a. m. ; bivouacked near White Plains. Sunday, 26th, marched at 5 a. m. Passed through White Plains and Warrenton. At 5 p. m. halted in a large field about 2 miles from Warrenton Junction. Bivouacked, and remained till the afternoon of the 30th, when we moved with the brigade to the vicinity of our present camping place. Before bringing this report to a close, I would mention Asst. Surg. Charles T. Kelsey as deserving worthy and especial notice in the fight at Gettysburg as at Chancellorsville. He went into battle with his regiment, encouraging the men by words and actions; was with us when we deployed into line, and did not halt until he had wounded men to attend to. We had 16 commissioned officers and 126 enlisted men for duty in the field. A detail of officers and men has been sent to the State of New York for drafted men. It is hoped our numbers will soon be increased. Both officers and men are in good spirits, having the utmost confidence in and great attachment for Colonel John R. Brooke, their brigade commander. They will cheerfully obey any order he may give, or, as heretofore, follow where he leads.

I am, sir, most respectfully, your obedient servant.

L. W. BRADLEY,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant CHARLES P. HATCH,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Brooke's Brigade.

Numbers 95. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Richards McMichael, Fifty-third Pennsylvania Infantry.

NEAR SANDY HOOK, MD.,

July 17, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit the following report of the part taken by my command in the late action near Gettysburg, Pa.: My regiment arrived on the field about 8 a. m. July 2, and was marched to a position in the rear of the left center of the battle-line, where we remained for several hours. Between the hours of 3 and 4 p. m., in accordance with the orders of Colonel Brooke, commanding brigade, I moved by the left flank to the left, and formed line of battle on the edge of a wood, with the Sixty-fourth New York on my right and the Twenty-seventh Connecticut Volunteers on the left. All this time we were exposed to a severe shelling from the enemy's batteries. My command was then moved forward in order of battle through a wheat-field, about the center of which we commenced firing, continuing for fifteen minutes or more, when orders were received from Colonel Brooke to fix bayonets. This was done, and, in connection with the brigade, we charged upon the enemy, driving him before us, capturing some prisoners, and finally carrying the crest of the hill. This position was held for

