
structions to replenish their forage and rations, which I trust they will be able to do to-day. The Second Corps will be at Dumfries, the Sixth at Wolf Run Shoals, and the Twelfth at Fairfax Court-House to-night. Major-General Hancock reports that the rebel forces about Fredericksburg have moved in the direction of Culpeper this morning. to-night my headquarters will be at Fairfax Station. If your information from the Upper Potomac should be of a character to justify a movement in that direction, I request that I may be informed of it at the earliest practicable moment.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-Genera.

DUMFRIES,

June 15, 1863-10, 10 a. m.

General HALLECK:

Two of our best scouts returned from the interior, above Fredericksburg, yesterday {Sunday morning. They report A. P. Hill, with sixty guns and 20, 000 men, left on the heights about Fredericksburg. On Saturday p. m. 4, 000 of this force moved toward Culpeper. On the same day, General Lee's headquarters were on the Lacy farm, between Brandy Station and Culpeper Court-House. Citizens say that the cavalry expedition was intended for Alexandria, while Lee was to go up the Valley. They believe that a great cavalry raid is now given up, as the cavalry is divided, a considerable part being still near Brandy Station. The passage of the infantry is traced across the Hazel River. The Richmond papers of the 13th blame Stuart much for allowing himself to be surprised in his camp by Pleasonton, and call upon him to something to retrieve his reputation. Anxiety expressed concerning the movements on the Peninsula. Will send the papers to you.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General,

Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

June 15, 1863-12. 50 p. m.

Major-General HOOKER,

Army of the Potomac:

No information of enemy in direction of Winchester and Harper's Ferry as late as that from General Pleasonton. * The forces at Martinsburg are arriving at Harper's Ferry.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

June 15, 1863-2 p. m.

Major-General HOOKER,

Army of the Potomac:

Garrison of Martinsburg has arrived at Harper's Ferry. Milroy did not obey orders given on the 11th to abandon Winchester, and

---------------

*See Pleasonton to Stanton, June 15, Part III. p. 115.

---------------

