
The loss in the regiment is as follows:
 Officers and men.Killed.Wounded.Missing.TotalCommissioned officers.....8....8Enlisted men758671Total(*)766679
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. McMICHAEL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant CHARLES P. HATCH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIFTY-THIRD PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,Near Morrisville, VA.,

August 14, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with circular orders from headquarters Army of the Potomac, I have the honor to forward the following report of the operations of my command from June 28 to the date of our arrival in the present camp: At 6 o'clock on the morning of June 28, my regiment, in its proper position in the line of the brigade, moved from bivouac near Barnesville, Md., on the Frederick City road, arriving at Monocacy at 2 p. m., at which place, in compliance with orders, I bivouacked for the night. The line of march was taken up at 8 a. m. on the 29th. I passed over the Monocacy Creek on the bridge at the railroad station, and marched on the Frederick pike until within a few miles of the city, when the column headed to the right, repassed the Monocacy, and continued marching northward, passing through the towns of Mount Pleasant, Liberty, and Johnsville. At 12 midnight I bivouacked in a wood near Uniontown. I marched 30 miles during the day, and many of my men were too much exhausted to reach the place of bivouac. All of them rejoined the regiment before morning. On the 30th, the regiment was mustered for pay. Early on July 1, I, in my proper position in the line of the brigade, moved on the Gettysburg road. At 4 p. m. I passed over the Pennsylvania line. There was heavy cannonading in my front. At nightfall, I received orders to bivouac, and immediately after was ordered to march my regiment on picket. I did so. My line of outposts covered the right flank of the First Division and connected with the picket line of the Twelfth Corps. At daybreak on the 2d, I withdrew the pickets, in accordance with the orders of Colonel Brooke, commanding brigade, and, falling into my assigned position in line of march, moved toward Gettysburg, arriving on the field about 8 a. m. I was marched to a position in the rear of the left center of the line of battle then forming, where I remained about one hour, when my command was marched to a posi-

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 175.

---------------

