
connection with the brigade, going to the highest point of ascent in the Gap, and remained on picket all night. My command moved from the Gap about 2 p. m. on the 23d, and marched toward Manassas Gap. Arrived at Markham about sundown, from thence making a difficult forced march in the dark, over a miserable road, when I bivouacked about 4 miles from Front Royal. On the 24th, I moved back in the Gap, and bivouacked near Markham. On the 25th, moved to White Plains. On the 26th, marched through New Baltimore and Warrenton, and went into camp about 2 miles from Warrenton Junction. On the 30th, again marched, and arrived at the present camp on the 1st of the present month.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. McMICHAEL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Fifty-third Pennsylvania Regiment Lieutenant

CHARLES P. HATCH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Fourth Brigade.

No. 96. Report of Captain John W. Reynolds, One hundred and forty-fifth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 145TH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,August l4, 1863.

DEAR SIR: I have the honor of submitting the following report of the movements of this regiment during the period commencing June 28 and terminating July 26: The regiment arrived at Monocacy Station, a point on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, 3 miles south of Frederick, Md., on Sunday, June 28, about 2 p. m., and encamped for the night in a field with the rest of the brigade. We started next morning {Monday at 8 o'clock, Colonel Brown commanding the regiment, and marched to a camp a mile east of Uniontown, Md., having traveled about 30 miles during the day. Tuesday, June 30, the regiment remained in camp and was mustered for pay. Wednesday, July 1, the regiment was detached from the brigade, and ordered to act as a guard to the wagon train of the First Division, Second Corps. About noon we started in the rear of the wagon train, and marched a mile toward Taneytown; here we halted for about an hour, and then received an order to rejoin the brigade, several miles in advance. We moved forward and overtook the brigade near Taneytown; thence advanced to a position 3 miles south of Gettysburg, where the brigade was drawn up in line of battle, the One hundred and forty-fifth Regiment being on the right and occupying a wheat-field. The next morning {July 2, we moved forward at daylight about 2 miles, and turned to the right into the woods, where we halted and formed into column by division. Remaining about an hour, the command "Attention: was given, and the regiment moved out to

