
the road again, which we crossed, and, having advanced a short distance, we formed in line of battle in the rear of the brigade, which was then in column by regiments, holding a position a short distance to the left of Cemetery Hill. Having stacked arms, we remained here until about 4 o'clock in the afternoon, when we moved by the left flank about a quarter of a mile, but soon returned again to our former position. About 5 o'clock we were again ordered to march by the left flank. We moved half a mile to the left and formed in line of battle, faced by the rear rank, the brigade forming a single line of battle; our regiment, on the left, now became the right. We lay down for a short time, and then moved forward into o wheat-field, halted, and commenced firing. Soon Colonel Brown was severely wounded and left the field, and, being the senior officer present, I assumed command of the regiment. About this time the order was given to move forward, and we advanced rapidly with the rest of the brigade for several hundred yards, the enemy retreating, until we came to a ledge of rocks; here a number of the rebels threw down their arms and surrendered, passing to our rear. We continued firing at this point for twenty minutes, when we received an order to fall back. The enemy was already attempting to turn our flank, and had we remained much longer we would have been taken prisoners. The regiment retired, and again took the position that it had occupied during the day. Having received a slight wound in the head, I went to the hospital, and the command of the regiment devolved upon Captain Oliver.

In the action of July 2, the regiment lost 1 officer killed and 8 officers wounded; 11 enlisted men killed, 59 enlisted men wounded, and 10 enlisted men missing.

On Friday, the regiment built a line of entrenchments just in from of its position occupied on Thursday, and lay there all day, subject to a severe fire from the enemy's artillery for several hours. At 4 p. m. a detail for picket was sent to the front and deployed as skirmishers; 1 man was wounded.

On Saturday, July 4, the regiment still occupied very nearly the same position, the pickets having rejoined the regiment.

A detail from the regiment went out on Sunday, July 5, to assist in burying the dead. At 4 p. m. the regiment marched along the Baltimore turnpike about 5 miles, and encamped near a place called Two Taverns. The regiment remained here until the morning of July 7, when it marched to Taneytown, and encamped.

Wednesday, July 8. - Moved to a camp near Frederick, Md.

July 9. - Passed through Frederick, thence through South Mountain Pass, and encamped.

Friday, July 10. -Crossed Antietam Creek, and encamped on the Hagerstown turnpike.

July 11. - Moved to Jones' Cross Roads and encamped, and sent out a detail of skirmishers. July 12. - Advanced 2 miles, and commenced entrenching.

July 13. -Worked in entrenchments.

July 14. -Moved forward to Falling Waters and encamped.

July 15. - Marched along canal to a point near Harper's Ferry.

July 16. - Moved to Sandy Hook and encamped. Remained in camp until the morning of July 18, when the regiment crossed the Potomac at Harper's Ferry, then crossed the Shenandoah River, and marched to a point near Keys' Pass, Va., where we encamped. Lieu-

