
tenant-Colonel McCreary here joined the regiment, and assumed command.

July 19. Sunday. - Marched 6 miles and encamped.

July 20. - Moved to a camp a mile southwest of Bloomfield, Va. Remained until July 22, when we moved to Ashby's Gap.

July 23. - Marched through Markham Station, and encamped in Manassas Gap.

July 24. - Returned to Markham Station.

July 25. -Moved to White Plains and encamped.

July 26. Sunday- Marched through Warrenton, and encamped near Warrenton Junction.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN W. REYNOLDS,

Captain, Comdg. One hundred and forty-fifth Pennsylvania Vols.

Lieutenant CHARLES P. HATCH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Fourth Brigade.

Numbers 97. Report of Captain Moses W. Oliver, One hundred and forty-fifth Pennsylvania Infantry.

CAMP NEAR SANDY HOOK, MD.,

July 16, 1863.

ADJUTANT: The captain commanding would respectfully submit the following report of the part performed by the One hundred and forty-fifth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers in the late engagement near Gettysburg, Pa.: Arriving at the scene of action at 6 a. m. of the 2d, we were assigned the left of the brigade, where we remained until after 4 p. m., when, by order of Colonel Brooke, we were moved by the left flank; were deployed in line of battle, our regiment changed in line by being thrown to the right of the brigade. Again moving by the left, in line of battle, we advanced into a wheat-field, where we became engaged with the enemy. Colonel Brown here being wounded, the command devolved on Captain Reynolds. The regiment gallantly pressed on, driving the enemy before them, until we reached a ledge of rocks in the woods, where it fought bravely until the command to fall back was given, which was executed in as good order as possible. Captain Reynolds being wounded soon after the order to fall back was given, the command devolved upon myself. Being again formed in line of battle early in the morning of the 3rd to the left of the position occupied by the brigade on the previous day, our regiment still occupying the right, we were engaged the greater part of the forenoon in throwing up entrenchments, in which we remained for the rest of the day. In the afternoon, a picket detail of 1 commissioned officer and 16 enlisted men was made, who remained on duty until late in the evening of July 4. Until 5 p. m., July 5, we occupied the same position as on the 3d, at which time, by order of Colonel Brooke, we left the field of battle.

