
On the 2nd and 3d, quite a number of prisoners were taken by the regiment, but I have been unable to ascertain the number. Respectfully,

M. W. OLIVER,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant JOHN D. BLACK,

Adjutant 145th Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Numbers 98. Report of Brigadier General John Gibbon, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division of, and Second Army Corps.

BALTIMORE, MD.,

August 7, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Second Division during the battle of Gettysburg, on July 2 and 3: The report will refer partly to the Second Division and partly to the Second Corps, in command of which I was twice placed, first at Taneytown, and again during the battle of the 2d, when General Hancock was ordered to take command of the Third Corps. The corps arrived upon the ground on the morning of the 2d, and was placed in position with the right {Third Division, Brigadier General A. Hays resting near the cemetery and extending along the crest of a hill which, turning to the left, ran parallel to the turnpike and toward a prominent hill called Round Top. The Second Division came next, and the First Division {Brigadier-General Caldwell was upon the left, connecting with the Third Corps, and was afterward detached for service with that corps. At the advance of the Third Corps at 4 p. m., the division was in the following order: Webb's brigade on the right, partially behind a low stone wall, and protecting Cushing's battery, Fourth U. S. Artillery, which was on its right; Brown's Rhode Island battery was on Webb's left; Hall's brigade prolonged the line to the left, while Harrow's was held in reserve to the rear. At 4 o'clock the Third Corps advanced, and, swinging round its left flank, took up a position along the Emmitsburg road. To give support to its right flank, I ordered forward two regiments of Harow's brigade, to occupy a position along that road and to the right of a brick house. Here they tore down the fences and constructed breastworks, behind which they did most excellent service in checking the advance of the enemy, and preventing him from cutting off the Third Corps from our lines. For the same purpose, I sent a 12-pounder battery to the right and rear of these two regiments, to fire across the Emmitsburg road at some of the enemy's batteries established there. No sooner was the Third Corps in position, with its right resting near the brick house and the left "in the air, " than the enemy made a most furious assault with infantry and artillery on that flank, rolling it back and enfilading the whole line. Such a flank attack could not be successfully resisted, and although dispositions were mad to check the advance of the enemy, he came on so rapidly as to drive everything before him. I directed solid shot to be thrown from our

