
Pennsylvania, and others, had turned again, drove him back over the wall, capturing a large number of prisoners and many colors. The repulse of this assault was most gallant, and I desire to call special attention to the great gallantry and conspicuous qualities displayed by Brigadier-General Webb and Colonel Hall. Their services were invaluable, and it is safe to say that, without their presence, the enemy would have succeeded in gaining a foothold at that point. Attention is also called to the officers and men specially mentioned by the various reports. I desire to call particular attention to the manner in which several of the subordinate reports mention the services of my gallant aide, Lieutenant F. A. Haskell, Sixth Wisconsin, and to add my testimony of his valuable services. This young officer has been through many battles, and distinguished himself alike in all by his conspicuous coolness and bravery, and in this one was slightly wounded, but refused to quit the field. It has always been a source of regret to me that our military system offers no plan for rewarding his merit and services as they deserve. Major Baird, Eighty-second New York, my division inspector-general, received a severe wound in the foot while gallantly carrying an order for me on the 2d. Such men as these should be promoted on the field, though I regret to say they are frequently overlooked by the State authorities, and incompetent persons {not soldiers placed over their heads. I have urged Major Baird for the colonelcy of his regiment, now vacant. Captain {John P. Wood, assistant adjutant-general, was injured by his horse being shot and falling upon him early on the 3d. Captain Wessels, One hundred and sixth Pennsylvania, my division judge-advocate, and Lieutenant Moale, Nineteenth U. S. Infantry, aide-de-camp, were with me on the field, and behaved with great coolness and gallantry. Our batteries were served in the most gallant style, continuing their fire to the last under the most trying circumstances. The heavy loss in officers and men, horses and material, attest at the same time the severity of the enemy's fire and the noble manner in which it was sustained. Our loss in killed and wounded was fearful, especially among the field officers, demonstrating how gallantly the men were led. Colonel Ward, Fifteenth Massachusetts; Lieutenant-Colonel Huston, Eighty-Second New York; Colonel O'Kane and Lieutenant-Colonel Tschudy, Sixty-ninth Pennsylvania; Colonel Revere, Twentieth Massachusetts; Lieutenant-Colonel Steele, Seventh Michigan, and Lieutenant-Colonel Thoman, Fifty-ninth New York, were killed; and Colonel Baxter, Seventy-second Pennsylvania; Colonel Colvill, Lieutenant-Colonel Adams, and Major Downie, First Minnesota; Lieutenant-Colonel Macy, Twentieth Massachusetts, and Lieutenant-Colonel Wass and Major Rice, Nineteenth Massachusetts, were wounded. The division went into action about 3, 800 strong; lost in killed and wounded over 1, 600, and captured more prisoners than it had men on the ground at the end of the conflict, besides many colors.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN GIBBON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Division.

Major W. G. MITCHELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, second Corps.

