
Numbers 99. Reports of Brig. General William Harrow, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,July 16, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following in reference to the part taken by the Second Division, Second Corps, in the late sanguinary engagement of the 2nd and 3rd instant, near Gettysburg, Pa.: The division arrived upon the battle-field on the morning of the 2d, and was ordered into position by Brig. General John Gibbon, as follows; The Second Brigade, General Webb commanding, occupied the right of the division, and was stationed on the crest of a ridge, the left resting nearly opposite a two story brick house about 300 yards in front of the line, the right resting upon and covered by a stone fence, and connecting with the left of the command of Brigadier-General Hays, commanding Third Division, second Corps. The Third Brigade, Colonel Hall, Seventh Michigan Volunteers, commanding, connected with the left of General Webb's brigade, and continued the line in the direction of Round Top Mountain to the left, their two brigades covering a front of 500 yards. The First Brigade, my own command, was placed in reserve 100 yards in rear of the Second and Third Brigades and opposite the center of the line. The division occupied the position indicated when the advance of Major-General Sickles developed the enemy in force, in rear of a range of hills to the left and front of his command, sheltered by a dense wood, which was skirted in front by a smaller growth of thick bushes. At this time, by direction of General Gibbon, two regiments of my command {the Fifteenth Massachusetts Volunteers, Co lonel Ward, and Eighty-second New York, Colonel Huston commanding advanced to the front of the general line, and were placed on the Gettysburg and Emmitsburg road, on the right of the brick house before referred to, the left of Colonel Huston's command resting at the house, Colonel Ward prolonging the line to the right. The first Minnesota Volunteers. Colonel Colvill commanding, by the direction of General Gibbon, were moved from their original position in the rear, to the left of a battery commanded by Lieutenant Thomas, and stationed on the high ground a short distance to the left of the division line of battle. The Nineteenth Maine Volunteers, Colonel Heath commanding, were moved to the left and front of the division line, and placed in position to the right of a battery commanded by Lieutenant Brown. These dispositions being made, the division waited the approach of the enemy. It soon becoming evident that a general engagement would follow the attack upon Major-General Sickles, he retired toward the general line, the enemy pushing forward with great impetuosity. As the enemy advanced, the first of the division to engage them were the Eighty-second New York and Fifteenth Massachusetts Volunteers, from their position on the Gettysburg and Emmitsburg road. These two regiments, in the aggregate not more than 700 strong, and without support on their line, but partially protected by the rails of a fence which they had hastily taken down and piled in their front, gallantly sustained an unequal contest against greatly superior numbers until the enemy's advance had reached their left flank, when they retired, but not before suffer-

