
probably has or will be captured. Harper's Ferry ought to hold out some time. Pleasonton's telegrams to you contain all the information we have of the enemy's movements. They are very contradictory. Your army is entirely free to operate as you desire against Lee's army, so long as you keep his main army from Washington. It is believed that Longstreet and Stuart are crossing the Potomac above and below Harper's Ferry. They certainly should be pursued. The force used for that purpose must depend upon your information sent here by General Pleasonton is very unsatisfactory. His suggestions to send batteries from here to the mouth of the Monocacy cannot be adopted. * If we had them to send, they would only be lost.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

June 15, 1863-4. 05 p. m.

Major-General HOOKER,

Army of the Potomac:

General Meigs is apprehensive that you have not allowed time enough to withdraw material from Aquia Creek. Pleas prevent such wanton and wasteful destruction of public property as took place when Burnside withdrew from there last year.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

JUNE 15, 1863.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

Only two Louisiana brigades in rebel army here. {H. T. Hays' brigade, in Early's division, has the Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, Eighth, and Ninth Louisiana. prisoners from them would indicate the presence of Ewell's whole corps. {F. T. Nicholls' brigade, in Trimble's division, has the First, second, Tenth, Fourteenth, and Fifteenth Louisiana. Prisoners from them would not indicate as above, as Trimble has lately been appointed to command the Valley District. Jenkins and Imboden have been in the Valley some time, and their forces are inconsiderable. Trimble's division is under 8, 000.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Fairfax Station, June 15, 1863-6. 30 p. m.

{Received 7. 30 p. m.
Major-General HALLECK:

I have left a brigade at Aquia, and ordered them to hold it until further orders. I apprehend no danger there.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General.

---------------

*See Pleasonton to Stanton, Part III, p. 115.

---------------

