
The loss of the First Brigade during the two days was:
 Officers and men.Killed.Wounded.Missing.TotalCommissioned officers.1243....55Enlisted men136531....667Total148574....722
An official list of the names and rank of each has been forwarded. For more particular details of the conduct and losses of the Second and Third Brigades, reference is had to the reports of the brigade commanders. This report has been amplified, so far as it applies to the First Brigade, more than would otherwise have been necessary, for the reason that throughout the entire engagement of the 2nd instant, and until the day was well nigh won on the 3d, Brigadier-General Gibbon commanded the division, and only relinquished the command when forced to quit the field, having been severely wounded. I cannot omit this occasion to say that his sagacity, coolness, and courage on each day won for him the highest admiration, adding to the high character he had previously established as a commander. He merits the consideration of his superiors and his Government, and his services will no doubt be suitably acknowledged. I trust he will make for his division a more elaborate report, in which he can suitably mention his staff officers; it will be a pleasant duty to perform. I mean not to disparage any other by saying his aide-de-camp. Lieutenant Haskell, greatly distinguished himself by his constant exertion in the most exposed places. My own assistant adjutant-general, Captain John P. Blinn, throughout both days manifested himself a thorough soldier and patriot. He fell, mortally wounded, on the 3d, while gallantly cheering on the men of the command to which he was attached, No tribute can now reach him, but a worthier man and soldier has not died for his country. Captain Cooper, acting assistant inspector-general, First Brigade, and Lieutenants Biggs and White, my aides, severally deserve commendation. The latter was severely injured by the fall of his horse, which was shot under him during the action. The division took into action 3, 773 men, and lost 1, 657. *

In conclusion, I hope it is not too much to say that this division contributed very largely to the success of the 3rd instant, if, indeed, they did not save the day, as the chief attack of the enemy was directed against the position they occupied.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. HARROW,

Brigadier-General, Comdg. Second Division, Second Corps.

Captain E. P. BROWNSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Army Corps.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 176.

---------------

