
-, - -, 1863.

The following is a numerical list of killed, wounded, and missing in the Second Division, Second Corps, during the engagement near Gettysburg, Pa., July 2 and 3. *

The First Brigade estimates that 1, 740 guns were picked up by the Fifteenth Massachusetts, Nineteenth Maine, and First Minnesota Volunteers, of that command. The Second Brigade reports 1, 284 rifles and 972 sets of accouterments picked up. The Third Brigade reports that no account of arms collected by that brigade can be given, as they were removed from the field after collection by details by ordnance officers of the First and Second Division.

WM. HARROW,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Numbers 100. Report of Colonel Francis E. Heath, Nineteenth Maine Infantry.

NEAR GETTYSBURG, PA.,

July 4, 1863.

I have the honor to make the following report of the share taken by my regiment in the late engagements: On the afternoon of the 2d, my regiment was placed in position, under the eye of the general commanding, to the left, and supporting Brown's Rhode Island battery. At a little past 6 p. m. the enemy advanced and my regiment became engaged. After firing about 10 rounds, I ordered an advance, and took quite a number of prisoners. I also retook four Napoleon guns that had been abandoned by some of our forces that had been posted to my left and front. The guns were sent immediately to the rear, after which I fell back to our old position. On the following day my position was on the left of the Eighty-second New York Volunteers, and, when the enemy advanced, I was ordered with the rest of the brigade to the support of the Second Brigade. While there engaged, I lost very heavily, especially in non-commissioned officers. Two battle-flags of the enemy were taken by men of my regiment, but were torn from the lances by men of other regiments. Of the conduct of the officers and men of my regiment, I cannot speak too highly. I would gladly particularize, but any distinction would be invidious, for all did nobly. I have already forwarded a list of casualties. *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. E. HEATH,

Colonel, Commanding.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, First Brigade.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 176.

---------------

