
Numbers 103. Reports of Captain John Darrow, Eighty-second New York Infantry {Second Militia.

CAMP ON LOGAN'S FARM, VA.,

August 3, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to orders from superior headquarters, I have the honor to report the part this regiment has taken in the engagement before Gettysburg. We arrived on the field under the command of Lieutenant Colonel James Huston; were sent to the front as a picket support, with the Fifteenth Massachusetts Volunteers on our right. The ninth and tenth companies were sent to a brick house near the left of our line, and had orders to burn it, if necessary, on the approach of the enemy. About 6 p. m. the enemy advanced in our front and turned our left flank. We held our position for a short time, but as the enemy was getting in our rear we retired to our first line, where the regiment reformed under a galling fire; then advanced, driving the enemy before us; regained our former position, capturing the battle-flags of the Forty-eighth Georgia Regiment. In this action we lost 13 officers and 140 men killed and wounded. Our lieutenant-colonel was among the killed, having received two wounds, one in the head and the other in the leg. In the action of the 3d, we lost a number of men during the cannonade. When the enemy advanced, we were ordered to the right toward a small grove, and charged through it, driving the enemy before us, and captured two flags from the First and Seventh Virginia Regiments, with a loss of 4 officers and 65 men. We then took our former position on the right of our brigade. To speak in praise of any where all did so well, would be impossible. I take pleasure in mentioning the following officers: Captain Hughes did all a brave officer could; also Captain Maxwell. Adjutant Simms deserves all the praise and honor due a brave and gallant officer. Lieutenants Herbert, Cronin, and Kelly did their duty nobly and fearlessly. Assistant Surgeon Lewis did his duty nobly and with unremitting attention.

JOHN DARROW,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant HASKELL, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEAR KNOXVILLE, MD.,

July 16, 1863.

SIR: In accordance with circular of date July 16, 1863, I would respectfully render the following report:
 Officers and men.Killed.Wounded.Missing.Buried by regimental detailTotal.Commissioned officers 31213753Enlisted men 4012514....179Total(*)431371537232
JOHN DARROW,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant F. W. Haskell,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brig.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 176.

---------------

