
Numbers 104. Reports of Brigadier General Alexander S. Webb, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., SECOND DIV., SECOND ARMY CORPS,Jones' Cross-Roads, Md.,

July 12, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I would respectfully submit the following report of the operations of this brigade was put in position at 6. 30 a. m. on the 2d, on Granite Ridge, on the right of the division, its right resting on Cushing's battery {A. Fourth U. S. Artillery, and its left on Battery B. First Rhode Island Artillery, Lieutenant Brown commanding. The Sixty-ninth Regiment was placed behind a fence a little in advance of the ridge; the remaining three regiments of the brigade under cover of the hill in rear. Brown's battery was, in the course of the day, moved to the front of the Sixty-ninth Regiment. I remained at this point until the assault at 6. 30 p. m. During the day both of the batteries on the flanks of the brigade engaged those of the enemy. The shelling wounded but few. In the morning, Captain John J. Sperry, of the One hundred and Sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers, was sent out with Companies A and I, of the Seventy-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, to skirmish and to watch the movements of the enemy. He lost a number of men and had several officers wounded in performing this important duty. Captains John J. Sperry and James C. Lynch, of the One hundred and sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Captains Cook and Suplee, of the Seventy-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, deserve honorable mention for their coolness, intelligence, and zeal shown both on the 2nd and 3d. The enemy made the assault of the 2nd at about 6. 30 p. m. Their line of battle advanced beyond one gun of Brown's battery, receiving at that point the fire of the Sixty-ninth; also that of the One hundred and sixth and Seventy-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, which had previously been moved to the left, by command of Major-General Hancock. Colonel Baxter, seventy-second Pennsylvania volunteers, at this time was wounded. They halted, wavered, and fell back, pursued by the One hundred and Sixth, Seventy-second, and part of the Seventy-first Pennsylvania Volunteers followed them to the Emmitsburg road, capturing and sending to the rear about 250 prisoners, among whom were 1 colonel, 5 captains, and 15 lieutenants. The Seventy-first Pennsylvania Volunteers captured about 20 prisoners at the position previously held by the Rhode Island battery. The One hundred and sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers were ordered back from the Emmitsburg road a little before dark, and ordered to report to Major-General Howard, commanding Eleventh Army Corps, then near the cemetery. For a report of its operations I refer to inclosed report of the regimental commander. The Seventy-first Pennsylvania Volunteers was detached to report at the same place a little after dark. It returned at about 12 o'clock without orders. The report of the colonel, annexed, is important.

