
repelling the assault. I lost gallant officers and men. They need no tribute from me. A nominal list has been sent in. I feel that the general commanding has had abundant proof that as a brigade the Second can be relied upon for the performance of any duty which may be required of it. Lieutenant A. H. Cushing, Fourth U. S. Artillery, fell, mortally wounded, at the fence by the side of his guns. Cool, brave, competent, he fought for an hour and a half after he had reported to me that he was wounded in both thighs. I desire to call attention to the brave conduct of Lieutenant Joseph S. Milne, Battery B, First Rhode Island Artillery, serving with Lieutenant Cushing. I recommend for promotion Sergts. Frederick Fuger and Edward M. Irving, of that battery; also Acting Gunner Francis Abraham. This battery was nobly served. Captain, C. H. Banes, assistant adjutant-general of this brigade, assisted at all points in strengthening the line, and encouraging the men and officers by his coolness. I recommend him for honorable mention.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain A. H. EMBLER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., SECOND DIV., SECOND ARMY CORPS,Camp near Bealeton, Va.,

August 14, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following as the report of the operations of this brigade between June 28 and July 26, inclusive, in obedience to circular received yesterday morning from headquarters Army of the Potomac:

June 28. -The brigade went into camp near the left bank of Monocacy River and on the Frederick turnpike. General Webb took command at 5 p. m.

June 29. -Left Monocacy River at 6 a. m. and marched to Uniontown, via Liberty, Johnsville, and Union Bridge, reaching Uniontown at 9 p. m., a distance of 33 miles.

June 30. -Remained in camp all day.

July 1. -Marched to within about 4 miles of Gettysburg. This brigade was put in position with the division, to cover the retreat of the First Army Corps, should that be ordered.

July 2. -Marched to Gettysburg battle-field; took post on Granite Ridge, and repelled assault of the enemy at 5 p. m.

July 3. - Remained on the battle-field; repelled assault at 3 p. m. For official report of these two days' operation, see report of the battle of Gettysburg.

July 4. - Buried dead and collected arms and accouterments.

July 5. - Marched at 12 m. from the battle-field; encamped at Two Taverns.

July 6. - Remained in camp.

July 7. - Marched at 5 a. m. to Taneytown.

July 8. - Marched at 5 a. m. to Walkersville, a distance of 4 miles from Frederick.

