
WASHINGTON,

June 15, 1863-8. 30 p. m.

{Received 9. 15 p. m.
Major-General HOOKER,

Fairfax Station:

The facts are now known here that Winchester and Martinsburg were both besieged yesterday. The troops form Martinsburg have got into Harper's Ferry without loss. Those from Winchester are also in, having lost in killed, wounded, and missing about one-third of their number. Of course, the enemy holds both places, and I think the report is authentic that he is crossing the Potomac at Williamsport. We have not heard of his yet appearing at Harper's Ferry or on the river anywhere below. I would like to hear from you.

A. LINCOLN.

FAIRFAX STATION,

June 15, 1863.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT,

Washington:

Your telegram of 8. 30 p. m. received. It seems to disclose the intentions of the enemy to make an invasion, and, if so, it is not in my power to prevent it. I can, however, make an effort to check him until he has concentrated all his forces. I may possibly be able to prevent the junction, and commence the movement during to-morrow. On so short reflection, I am not prepared to say this is the wisest move, nor do I know that my opinion on this subject is wanted. A. P. Hill moved up toward Culpeper this morning, indicating his intention to re-enforce their forces on the Upper Potomac.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

JUNE 15, 1863-10 p. m.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

Your dispatch, 8. 30, received. My dispatch to General Halleck this morning shows my position tonight. With regard to the enemy, your dispatch is more conclusive than any I have received. I now feel that invasion is his settled purpose. If so, he has more to accomplish, but with more hazard, by striking an easterly direction after crossing than a northerly one. It seems to me that he will be more likely to go north, and to incline to the west. He can have no design to look after his rear. It is an act of desperation on his part, no matter in what force he moves. It will kill copperheadism in the North. I do not know that my opinion as to the duty of this army in the case is wanted; if it should be, you know that I will be happy to give it. I have heard nothing of the movements of the enemy today, excepting that he has not attempted to follow me across the Rappahannock. I have only heard that all of A. P. Hill's forces moved up the river this morning, in the direction of Culpeper. If it should be determined for me to make a movement in pursuit, which I am not prepared to recommend at this time, I may possibly be able to move some corps tomorrow, and can reach the point of the enemy's crossing in advance of A. P. Hill. If I should move at once, he would probably wait until his forces are concentrated. If they are moving

