
July 9. -Left camp at 5 a. m. passed through Frederick, Jefferson, Burkittsville, and Crampton's Pass, and encamped near Rohrersville, a distance of 22 miles.

July 10. -Left camp at 5 a. m., passed through Keedysville and Smoketown, and encamped near Tilghmanton, a distance of 12 miles, July 11. - Marched 2 miles to cross-roads on Hagerstown turnpike, and took position on the left of the Fifth Army Corps. At 11 p. m. moved on the turnpike toward Hagerstown, and bivouacked in the road until the morning of July 12. Moved on the turnpike; took several positions, and finally took position facing northwest and in front of Saint James' College. After dark, received orders to intrench. July 13. -Threw forward right wing, and took position facing west, and entrenched.

July 14. -Advanced to near Williamsport; bivouacked for the night. July 15. -Marched via Sharpsburg to within 3 miles of Sandy Hook, and bivouacked on the canal bank; distance, 19 miles.

July 16. - Marched to Pleasant Valley.

July 17. -Remained in camp.

July 18. - Left camp at 6 a. m. ; crossed the Potomac and Shenandoah Rivers, passing southeast of Loudoun Heights, and encamped 9 miles from Harper's Ferry.

July 19. - Moved at 10 a. m., and marched to Woodgrove.

July 20. - Marched to Bloomfield, guarding wagon train; distance, 12 miles.

July 21. - Remained in camp.

July 22. - Left Bloomfield at 1 p. m. and marched to Ashby's Gap; distance, 10 miles.

July 23. -Left at 4. 30 a. m.: marched to Manassas Gap; halted at Markham to allow the Third and Fifth Corps to pass; moved in the Gap beyond Linden, and took position in rear of the Third Corps. July 24. - Moved back to near Markham, and halted for the night. July 25. - Marched to White Plains, via Rectortown; distance about 19 miles.

July 26. - Left camp at 5 a. m. and marched to a point west of the Warrenton Branch Railroad, about 2 miles from the Junction, via New Baltimore and Warrenton.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brigadier General of Volunteers, Comdg. Brigade.

Captain J. P. Wood,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 105. Report of Captain William Davis, Sixty-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry.

JONES' CROSS-ROADS, MD.,

July 12, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with general orders, I herewith send you a brief report of the part our regiment took in the recent engagement with the enemy in the vicinity of Gettysburg, pa., and the casualties attending the same. In compliance with an order from Brigadier-General Webb, we took up our line of position behind a temporary breastwork made of fence-

