
Our killed were all buried together, and their graves marked, so that their friends and connections can easily find them if they wish to have them disinterred. The wounded were taken to hospitals temporarily erected, and cared for as well as circumstances would admit.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. DAVIS,

Captain, Comdg. Sixty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Captain C. H. BANES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 106. Report of Colonel R. Penn Smith, Seventy-first Pennsylvania Infantry.

JONES' CROSS-ROADS, MD., July 12, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the conduct of the Seventy-first Pennsylvania Volunteers during the late battles at Gettysburg, Pa., July 2 and 3. In the afternoon of the 2nd instant, I went to the support of the Sixty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, then on the front, and became engaged with the enemy, taking some 20 prisoners and retaking a brass cannon and limber which the enemy held. About dark of this day, by an order through Captain Duffy, I was ordered to the support of a portion of the Eleventh Corps. Having arrived on the ground, I could find no general to report to who had command of any one portion of the troops. An adjutant-general directed me to proceed to the front, assuring me that all was safe on either flank. Arriving at the front, I became engaged with the enemy on the front. At the same time he attacked me on my right and rear. I immediately ordered my command to retire to the road in my rear, when I returned to camp against orders. During the engagement, I lost 3 commissioned officers and 11 enlisted men. On the 3rd instant, some 50 of my men assisted in working Lieutenant Cushing's battery, while the balance were in position, protected by a stone wall from an infantry attack, engaging the enemy and scattering confusion in his ranks, taking some 500 prisoners, as many arms, and 3 stand of rebel colors. * Loss, 22 killed, 59 wounded, and 19 missing. + Among so many conspicuous acts of valor and daring, it is difficult to particularize individuals. I cannot but speak of my regiment in the highest terms. I would call attention to the conduct of Captain McMahon and Private Young, of Company C, both of whom are under sentence of Court-Martial. I pray that the approval or disapproval of the findings of the court in the case of the first may be influenced in a great degree by his noble conduct in the field, and of the latter that the sentence may be revoked.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. PENN SMITH,

Colonel, Comdg. Seventy-first Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Captain C. H. Banes,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*A medal of honor awarded to Private John E. Clopp for the capture of the flag of the Ninth Virginia Infantry.

+But see revised statement, p. 176.

---------------

