
Numbers 107. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Theodore Hesser, Seventy-second Pennsylvania Infantry.

JONES' CROSS-ROADS, MD.,

July 11, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my regiment on July 2 and 3, at Gettysburg, Pa.: On the 2nd instant, the regiment supported a battery until 6 p. m., when {the first line of battle giving way orders were received to advance and assist in reoccupying the ground lost, which orders were executed without, however, becoming directly engaged. On the 3rd instant, the regiment was again assigned the duty of supporting a battery, which position it occupied {under a terrific fire of the enemy's artillery until 3 p. m., at which time they were ordered to advance upon the stone wall on our immediate front, it being discovered that the enemy were making a demonstration in that direction. At this point the regiment became engaged with Pickett's division of the rebel army, and, after a severe contest, lasting about half an hour, succeeded in routing the enemy and occupying the wall, which position it held until the withdrawal of the brigade on the morning on the 5th. In this engagement the regiment captured two rebel colors and a number of prisoners. I would especially mention Companies A and I, Captains Suplee and Cook, for the creditable manner in which they performed the skirmishing for the brigade in the engagements of both days. The aggregate losses of the regiment in the two days' engagements are as follows:
 Officers and men.Killed.Wounded.Missing.TotalOfficers.27....9Enlisted men341513188Total(*)361583197
Respectfully submitted.

THEO. HESSER,

Lieutenant Col, Comdg. Seventy-second Pennsylvania Vols.

Captain C. H. BANES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 108. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William L. Curry, One hundred and sixth Pennsylvania Infantry.

JONES' CROSS-ROADS, MD.,

July 11, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I beg leave respectfully to report the operations of this regiment during the battles before Gettysburg, Pa., from July 2 to 5, inclusive. After arriving upon the ground the morning of the 2nd instant, by order of General Webb the regiment was placed in position near the

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 176.

28 R R - VOL XXVII, PT I

---------------

