
front and center of the line. Two companies {A and B were deployed as skirmishers in front of the line. They were warmly engaged until the action became general. The coolness and intrepidity with which they were handled kept the enemy at bay, and reflects great credit upon the officers and men of these two companies. Our left having attacked the enemy, were, after a desperate conflict, compelled to retire. At this time the enemy opened upon our lines a furious cannonade, wounding one of our officers and several men. Under cover of this fire they advanced their infantry, driving back our first line, and forcing the artillery on my immediate front to withdraw. By order of Brigadier-General Webb, I advanced the regiment by the left flank, and formed in rear of the second line. shortly after, orders were received to move forward. I advanced the regiment to the crest of the hill, and opened fire upon the enemy. After several volleys, perceiving that we checked his advance, and seeing his lines waver, I ordered bayonets fixed and a charge to be made, which movement resulted in a complete success, the enemy retiring in confusion to his original position in the woods. We pursued the fleeing enemy to the Emmitsburg road, when, perceiving that we were separated from the line on our left by a space of 70 yards, and having no troops on our right, excepting the remnant of the Eighty-second New York Volunteers, I halted the regiment, and sent to the rear for support, having first deployed skirmishers on my front. The officer whom I sent not returning, I left the regiment in charge of Major Stover, and personally applied to General Webb for support, and I was ordered to withdraw the regiment to its original position. In the charge we made, we recovered three guns which had been abandoned. I sent them to the rear by hand. We also captured and sent to the rear about 250 prisoners, among whom were 1 colonel {William Gibbson, Forty-eighth Georgia, 5 captains, and 15 lieutenants. Ten minutes after we returned, the firing not having ceased upon the right, we were ordered to proceed in the direction of the firing, and report to Major-General Howard, commanding the Eleventh Corps, who assigned us to the command of General Ames, by whose order we were placed in the front line, on the right of the Gettysburg road and near the cemetery. We remained there until the morning of July 4, having been exposed to a very severe and concentrated fire from three batteries. On the morning of the 3d, I detailed a body of sharpshooters, who, under cover of the houses in the vicinity, kept up a continuous fire upon the enemy's sharpshooters, who were picking off the gunners of our batteries. I have reason to believe that the enemy's sharpshooters suffered considerably from this body of men. Early on the morning of the 4th, a body of skirmishers preceding us, General Ames, commanding First Division, eleventh Army Corps, marched the regiment through the town of Gettysburg, and placed us in position on a slight eminence on the north of the town. Afterward I was ordered to conduct the regiment to our original position near the cemetery, where we remained until the morning of the 5th, when we were relieved by the following order:
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Gettysburg, Pa.,

July 5, 1863.

The Commanding Officer,

One hundred and Sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers:

By direction of the commanding general, you are relieved from duty with this corps,

