
and will rejoin your corps. The general commanding directs me to express his thanks for your kind support.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. A. MEYSENBURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

I will add that the two skirmishing companies detailed on the morning of the 2nd did not accompany the regiment to the right, but remained in the center, and took an active part in the engagement on the afternoon of the 3d. I have already furnished you with a list of the killed and wounded. * I take great pleasure in saying that every officer and man performed his entire duty, and evinced a determination which must soon be crowned with success. Early in the engagement, Adjt. F. M. Pleis was severely wounded and Lieutenant John A. Steel was ordered to act as adjutant. Adjt. F. M. Pleis, while on the field, by his daring courage and example to the men, contributed much to the success which attended us. His successor, Lieutenant John A. Steel, by his example and disregard of danger, rendered valuable services on the field, and is entitled to more than a passing notice. I make especial mention of Major John H. Stover, who, by his coolness and daring, rendered me much valuable assistance. I also bear willing testimony to the good conduct of Captains John J. Sperry, R. H. Ford, and James C. Lynch, and Lieutenant C. S. Schwartz. In fact, the same may be said of every officer in my command.

Respectfully submitted.

W. L. CURRY, Lieutenant Colonel, Comdg. 106th Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Captain C. H. BANES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 109. Reports of Colonel Norman J. Hall, Seventh Michigan Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIG., SECOND DIV., SECOND CORPS,Pleasant Valley, Md.,

July 17, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the brigade under my command in the recent engagements near Gettysburg, Pa,: The brigade, composed of the Seventh Michigan Volunteers, Forty-Second New York Volunteers, Twentieth Massachusetts Volunteers, Nineteenth Massachusetts Volunteers, and Fifty-ninth New York Volunteers, had, on the morning of July 2, just completed a march of about 190 miles with scarcely a day's rest. Arriving on the morning of that day upon the ground occupied by the troops who had been engaged with the enemy on the previous day, it was at once placed in column of battalions upon a crest which extended from the cemetery to Round Top. Upon the right of the column was the Second Brigade of this division, and upon the left was Captain Brown's battery. A division of the First Corps was in position on

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 176.

