
man, of the Fifty-ninth New York Volunteers, and about 150 men were killed or wounded at their posts during this day's fight. No serious attempt was again made by the enemy on the 2nd against the position of the Second Corps. During the night the line was strengthened as much as possible with rails, stones, and earth thrown up with sticks and boards, no tools being obtainable. Nothing more than occasional skirmishing occurred until the afternoon of the 3d. At 1 o'clock the enemy opened with artillery upon that portion of the line between the cemetery and the right of the Fifth Corps, several hundred yards from Round Top. The number of pieces which concentrated their fire upon this line is said to have been about one hundred and fifty. The object was evidently to destroy our batteries and drive the infantry from the slight crest which marked the line of battle, while the concentration of fire upon the hill occupied by the Second and the right of the Third Brigades indicated where the real attack was to be made. The experience of the terrible grandeur of that rain of missiles and that chaos of strange and terror-spreading sounds, unexampled, perhaps, in history, must ever remain undescribed, but can never be forgotten by those who survived it. I cannot suffer this opportunity to pass without paying just tribute to the noble service of the officers and men of the batteries that were served within my sight. Never before during this war were so many batteries subjected to so terrible a test. Horses, men, and carriages were piled together, but the fire scarcely slackened for and instant so long as the guns were standing. Lieutenant Cushing, of Battery A, Fourth U. S. Artillery, challenged the admiration of all who saw him. Three of his limbers were blown up and changed with the caisson limbers under fire. Several wheels were shot off his guns and replaced, till at last, severely wounded himself, his officers all killed or wounded, and with but cannoneers enough to man a section, he pushed his gun to the fence in front, and was killed while serving his last canister into the ranks of the advancing enemy. Knowing that the enemy's infantry would attack soon, I sent Lieutenant {William R. Driver, acting assistant adjutant-general, to the Artillery Reserve for batteries, with orders to conduct them to the crest, if they were granted, with all possible speed. He arrived with one, which, though too late for service in arresting the advance of the enemy, yet had the opportunity to do him much damage. At 3 o'clock exactly the fire of the enemy slackened, and his first line of battle advanced from the woods in front in beautiful order. About 100 yards in rear came a second line, and opposite the main point of attack was what appeared to be a column of battalions. The accompanying diagram will illustrate the disposition of the troops of my own command. This sketch does not pretend to accuracy in distances or angles. The conformation of the ground enabled the enemy, after advancing near the lines, to obtain cover. Arrived at this point, one battalion continued to move toward the point A, occupied by the Second and Third Brigades of the Second Division. The other battalions moved by the flank until completely masked by the preceding one, when they moved by the flank again, thus forming a column of regiments. The few pieces of artillery still in position were directed upon this column, while the rebel cannon again opened with shell, firing over their own troops.

