
ranks, to check the pursuing enemy, and then make good our retreat. We gained the position without delay, lay down until everything in front and on both flanks had passed us to the rear, then, giving the command to my regiment, I fired two volleys, as, I believe, also did Colonel Mallon. It became necessary then to retreat immediately to avoid capture, the enemy's line outflanking us on the right and left hundreds of yards to each side, and very near-so near, indeed, that both regiments captured several prisoners. The retreat of the two regiments commenced in good order. Colonel Mallon's regiment leading, my regiment marching in his rear. In a short time we met the second line of our men pressing forward. Passing through them a distance of perhaps 25 yards, we halted, as did also the line we had just met. At this point the two regiments rested on a slope fronting the enemy, exposed to their artillery fire, which was very hot, unable to use our own fire on the columns of the enemy because of the line in front, in consequence of which the two regiments withdrew for shelter behind the crest. By this time it was quite dark, and in about half and hour Captain Leach, of the brigade staff, brought orders for us to rejoin the brigade in the old position. We rested there all night, and in the morning the two regiments were put in support of a battery at that point, the other regiments in the brigade lying in front under the wall. Everything remained quiet on our front until 1 p. m., when at a signal of a gun fired to our left, a most terrific cannonade commenced on the batteries and the troops in the center of our line, a portion of which was held by our brigade. It was the most terrific cannonading of the war. I have been told that one hundred and ten pieces of the enemy were firing upon our center at once. The men lay quiet and steady, and I am sure none of my regiment left the position where I ordered them to lie down. The cannonade lasted two hours. The battery behind which we lay was disabled in the first hour's cannonading. The captain of it asked me if ma men would volunteer to assist in manning his battery. I told him yes, and sent immediately 6 men to carry ammunition, and at a further call shortly after, 20 more to assist in working the pieces. I desire here to mention the gallant conduct of Second Lieutenant Moses Shackley, who insisted on joining the volunteers, walking from piece to piece, encouraging and assisting the men, although I told him that it was not required of him, and advised him to lie down with the regiment for shelter. Just about 3 o'clock the enemy's cannonade slackened, and columns of attack appeared emerging from the woods across the open field in our front. They advanced gallantly upon our position, which was held firmly excepting immediately upon the right of our brigade line, at which point the left of the next brigade of our line seemed to give way in some confusion. Just then Major-General Hancock appeared on the left of my regiment. I ran to him, and asked permission to advance it to the point needed. Receiving it, I marched my regiment with all speed, obliquing to the right through the battery, and reached the desired point directly behind Colonel Mallon's regiment, which, being on my right when we started, had reached there first. There was considerable confusion here, from the men running to the rear from the first line, and the two mentioned regiments coming up on a short space closely following each other, joined also by the Twentieth Massachusetts, having repulsed the enemy from their im-

