
and superior courage in the first Fredericksburg battle, on this occasion displayed the most heroic bravery. When he fell, mortally wounded, he rose ba a convulsive effort, and triumphantly waved in the face of the rebels, not 10 yards distant, that flag he loved so dearly, of which he was so proud, and for which his valuable life, without a murmur, was feeling given up. The next day and the day after were spent in burying the dead, . The detail from this regiment buried 84 rebels. The officers and men of this regiment did their duty fearlessly during the three days it was exposed to fire at Gettysburg. I have heard of no instance of misbehavior, and of none of special excellence excepting in the case of Sergeant Cuddy, the color greater, to whom I have already referred. all did well, and all deserve credit. The regiment lost 15 killed, 55 wounded, and 4 missing; total, 74. I append a correct list of casualties. *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. MALLON,

Colonel Forty-second New York Volunteers.

Lieutenant WILLIAM R. DRIVER,

A. A. A. G., Third Brig., Second Div., Second Corps.

Numbers 114. Report of Captain William McFadden, Fifty-ninth New York Infantry.

IN THE FIELD, MD., NEAR HARPERS'S FERRY, W, VA., July 16, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with circular of this date, I have the honor to submit the following report, viz: On July 2, the battalion was ordered to move at 5 a. m. on the road leading to Gettysburg, pa. When we arrived within 1 mile in the rear of said town, were halted by the brigade commander. We were then ordered to take our position behind a fence. About 3 p. m, the enemy opened on us, throwing shot and shell, and about an hour later advanced his infantry. As soon as they came within range, we opened fire. Their numbers were much greater than ours. they fled in disorder, we killing, wounding, and taking prisoners to exceed double the number of our men engaged. After carrying off our wounded and bringing in a large number of arms, we lay down to rest on the battle-field. Our lose was 2 sergeants killed, Lieutenant Colonel Max A. Thoman and Lieutenant Schneider, and 11 privates wounded. July 3, in the morning, the enemy opened fire with shell, but soon ceased. The line continued quiet until 1 p. m., when he opened on us with a terrible fire of shot and shell, continuing for nearly two hours; then advanced his infantry [their numbers, as the day before, greatly exceeding ours] within 20 yards of our line. He then broke in disorder, leaving us victors of our position. Our loss, 4 killed; 1 officer and 13 enlisted men wounded. The enemy's loss was very heavy in killed and wounded, and the capture of his men large.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 176.

---------------

