
Lieutenant [John S.] Sullivan, of the ambulance corps, deserves the highest credit for his courage and the fearless manner he discharged his duties, continually, under the fire of the enemy's skirmishers, bringing off the wounded and assisting in keeping up the stragglers. Lieutenant W. E. Potter, ordnance officer, was indefatigable in the discharge of his duties. Captain George P. Corts, assistant adjutant-general, and my aide, Lieutenant David Shields, Sixty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, were constantly by my side, exhibiting, as always heretofore, self-possession and courage of the highest order. Captain Corts lost 2 horses, killed, and Lieutenant Shields l. Division quartermaster, Captain [Marshall I.] Ludington, and commissary officer, Captain [Columbus J.] Queen, discharged their duties to my entire satisfaction, and deserve the notice of their respective departments. Second Lieutenant E. J. Hueston, One hundred and eleventh New York Volunteers, attracted my attention by his exemplary conduct in charge of posting and encouraging our pickets. As a present recognition, I have appointed him an acting aide on my staff. By accompanying report, the entire loss of the division in the two days' action will be seen to be 1, 285 men killed, wounded, and missing.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALEX. HAYS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Division.

Lieutenant Colonel C. H. MORGAN, Chief of Staff.

HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS, August 15, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with orders, I have the honor to submit a supplement to my report of the part taken by this division in the operations prior to and following the battle of Gettysburg, Pa. On June 28, broke camp near Barnesville, Md., and marched to the vicinity of Frederick City, Md. On the 29th, marched at 1 p. m. through Liberty, Johnsville, and Union Bridge, to Uniontown, Md. ; distance, over 30 miles. Encamped at 3 a. m. June 30. Same day changed camp to north side of Uniontown. On July 1, marched through Taneytown to within about 3 miles of Gettysburg, Pa. On July 2, moved to Gettysburg, and took position in line of battle. {For operations of July 2, 3, and 4, I respectfully refer you to a copy of my official report for those days, herewith inclosed. On July 5, moved from vicinity of Gettysburg, Pa., to Two Taverns, remaining in camp at latter place on the 6th. On July 7, 8, 9, and 10, marched to near Frederick City, Md. On July 11, marched to Jones'Cross-Roads, and went into line of battle. Toward evening, received orders from general commanding corps directing the sending of the First Brigade, Colonel S. S. Carroll commanding, on a reconnaissance toward Funkstown, Md. This brigade encountered the enemy's pickets about 3 miles from Jones' Cross-Roads. Some skirmishing ensued, without loss on our side,

