
save the slight wounding of 1 man. The enemy retired to the cover of his earthworks. During the night, the remainder of the division, Second and Third Brigades, was ordered forward to the support of the First. Formed line of battle, and on the following day {12th changed position twice. During the night threw up earthworks, line connecting on the right with the Fifth Corps, and on the left with the Second Division of the Second Corps. On July 13, moved forward half a mile. Again formed line of battle, supported on the flanks by same troops as the previous day. Employed during the afternoon and evening entrenching our line. Some picket firing, without any loss to my command. On July 14, advanced toward Williamsport, Md. On July 15, marched from Williamsport, via Sharpsburg, Md., to Sandy Hook, Md. July 16 and 17, encamped near Sandy Hook, Md. On July 19, marched to Woodgrove, Va. On July 20, marched to Bloomfield, Va., and encamped until 22d, when the march was resumed to Ashby's Gap, Va. On July 23, marched to Markham Station, on the Manassas Gap Railroad. Same evening, with the corps, moved to the support of the Third Corps, which was engaged with the enemy on Wapping Heights. Took position behind Third Corps. On July 24, returned to Markham Station. On July 25, marched to White Plains, Va. On July 26, resumed the march, arriving near Warrenton Junction, Va., same day, where we remained encamped July 27, 28, and 29.

Respectfully submitted.

ALEX HAYS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Comdg. Division.

Captain E. P. BROWNSON, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

Numbers 116. Report of Colonel Samuel S. Carroll, Eighth Ohio Infantry, commanding First Brigade.

HQRS. FIRST BRIG., THIRD DIV., SECOND CORPS, Two Taverns, Pa., July 5, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the brigade which I have the honor to command in the battle of Gettysburg: On the 2nd instant, by command of Brigadier-General Hays, commanding division, the brigade was formed in line of regiments, right in front, between Woodruff's battery on the left and the Taneytown road on the right, at about 8 a. m. An hour afterward an order was received from the same source to send four companies to the front as a support to the skirmishers already there, who seemed to be hard pressed, and four companies from the Fourth Ohio Volunteers were sent out. They kept up a brisk

