
interchange of shots with the enemy's skirmishers. At 12 m. those four companies were relieved by two others from the same regiment. About 1 p. m. the enemy opened upon our position with shell, and fired a doyen or two rounds. Immediately afterward their skirmishers commenced to advance and ours to retire. At this juncture, an order was received from the brigadier-general commanding division to send my leading regiment to their support, and I immediately took the Eighth Ohio out some 200 yards to the front, directing Lieutenant-Colonel Sawyer, commanding, to advance two companies deployed as skirmishers and relieve those of the Fourth Ohio Volunteers, and to maintain his position at all hazards, as he would be supported by the rest of the brigade. About 6 p. m. the enemy opened a severe artillery fire upon the Second and Third Brigades, of this division, on the left of Woodruff's battery, advancing their infantry at the same time in their front, when orders were received from the brigadier-general commanding to move three regiments [Fourteenth Indiana, Fourth Ohio, and Seventh West Virginia] by the left flank, and take position on the left of the Second Brigade, which was executed under a heavy discharge of shot, shell, and musketry. This position was retained but a few minutes when orders were received from the same source to return with two regiments to the old position, which was done, leaving the Fourth Ohio on the left of the Second Brigade. About dark, I received orders through Major Norvell, adjutant-general of the division, to move immediately to the assistance of part of the Eleventh Corps supporting batteries on Cemetery Hill, as they were being driven back, and the enemy were charging those batteries, and that I would be conducted by an aide of General Howard's. Moved immediately with three regiments, the Fourteenth Indiana leading. We found the enemy up to and some of them in among the front guns of the batteries on the road. Owing to the artillery fire from our own guns, it was impossible to advance by a longer front than that of a regiment, and it being perfectly dark, and with no guide, I had to find the enemy's line entirely by their fire. For the first few minutes they had a cross-fire upon us from a stone wall on the right of the road, but, by changing the front of the Seventh West Virginia, they were soon driven from there. The firing continued until about 10. 20, when they fell back out of range, and skirmishers were advanced in our front. General Ames' division then made connection with me on our right and left. This position we maintained until the 5th. We were exposed to a great deal of cross-firing during the heavy cannonading of the 3d, and kept up occasional skirmishing with the enemy up to the evening of that date, besides being annoyed by sharpshooters from the town, who had a flank fire upon us. The Eighth Ohio retained their position in front of the extreme right of the corps until after the severe fighting of the 3d, when they were relieved, after being in front over twenty-four hours, and receiving the first of the attack of the 3d, and maintaining their position until the line of the enemy was up with them, when they changed front, and opened fire on their flank, charging them and inflicting great damage. Too much credit cannot be given to both the officers and men of that regiment, as well as their gallant leader, Lieutenant Colonel Franklin Sawyer, and Captain Kenny, acting major. I commend in the same terms the officers and men of the other three regiments, who, throughout the whole time, acted with soldier like coolness and cour-

