
age, as they always do. I would mention by name Colonel J. Coons, Lieutenant-Colonel Cavins, and Major Houghton, Fourteenth Indiana; Lieutenant-Colonel Carpenter, commanding, and Major Stewart, Fourth Ohio, and Lieutenant-Colonel Lockwood, Seventh West Virginia Volunteers, the only field officers present, for gallant and meritorious conduct on the field. My thanks are due to my staff, Lieutenant J. G. Reid, Eighth Ohio Volunteers, acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain J. E. Gregg, acting assistant inspector-general; Captain S. Fiske, Fourteenth Connecticut, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant J. H. Carr, Fourth Ohio Volunteers, aide-de-camp, and Lieutenant Van Dyke, Fourteenth Indiana, for their valuable assistance in a trying emergency. Captain Willard, Fourteenth Indiana Volunteers, with his pioneer corps, worked most untiringly, caring for the wounded, burying the dead, and collecting arms and accouterments from the field, and were under fire while the brigade was. Captain Craig, Eighth Ohio, commanding provost guard, was busied in assisting the pioneer corps taking charge of and turning over prisoners. My adjutant, Lieutenant Reid, had his horse shot on the night of the 3d. The Eighth Ohio took 3 stand of colors and the Fourteenth Indiana 1. The brigade captured 252 prisoners, among them several field and general officers; also cared for 113 wounded, most of them rebels, and buried 37 rebel dead. The pioneer corps gathered from the field 349 stand of arms and accouterments. All our wounded were moved from the field to the hospital and our own dead buried. I append herewith a summary of casualties in this brigade, * and inclose reports of commanders of regiments and detachments.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. S. CARROLL,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major J. M. NORVELL, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 117. Report of Colonel John Coons, Fourteenth Indiana Infantry.

NEAR GETTYSBURG, PA., July 5, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the action of July 2 and 3: The regiment was moved forward with our brigade on July 2, to support Woodruff's battery, which was in position near the center of our line of battle. A lively skirmish was kept up all the morning in our front by the skirmishers detailed from the other regiments of our brigade. At 4. 30 p. m. the enemy opened upon our position with artillery; their fire was heavy and continuous. At 6 o'clock I was ordered to support the Eighth Ohio, which had been detailed as skirmishers. A report then came that General Howard's position, on the right center, was attacked in force by the enemy.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 176.

---------------

