
About dark, under orders from Colonel Carroll, I moved to the right with the brigade, to support the batteries on the right of the cemetery. Arrived at Ricketts' battery and the others, we found their support, belonging to the Eleventh Corps, gone, and one of the guns in possession of the enemy, their advance having reached the crest of the hill. I immediately formed my regiment into line, and advanced upon them with fixed bayonets, driving them from the gun they had taken down the hill over a stone fence 100 yards in front of the battery. At this point we gave them two or three volleys, when they fell back. I formed my line along the stone fence, with the Seventh West Virginia on my left and the Fourth Ohio on my right. My regiment captured 1 stand of colors, 1 lieutenant-colonel, 1 major, 2 lieutenants, and 14 privates. On the 3d, my line of skirmishers was engaged all day with those of the enemy, with small loss, and the regiment was under a severe cross-fire of artillery for a long time. My officers and men behaved with their usual gallantry.
 Officers and men.Killed.Wounded.TotalOfficers.....33Enlisted men62228Total62531
Respectfully submitted.

JOHN COONS,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant J. G. REID, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 118. Report of Captain Nathan Willard, Fourteenth Indiana Infantry, commanding Pioneer Corps.

CAMPNEAR GETTYSBURG, PA., July 5, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the pioneers under my command in the recent engagements near Gettysburg, Pa.: On the 2nd instant, after leveling the fences and clearing the field of obstructions, in accordance with the order of Colonel Carroll, commanding brigade, I formed my command immediately in the rear of the brigade, and maintained that position during the engagements. My command buried 4 officers and 38 enlisted men of our brigade; also 37 rebels, including 2 officers. They assisted 113 of the wounded from the field, many of whom were of the rebel army. We also collected 349 stand of arms

immediately in front of the brigade, which were captured by it. My command consisted of 2 lieutenants and 50 enlisted men, all of

