
hold out very long. He wished to know whether he may expect relief. He can hope for none, excepting from your army.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Fairfax Station,

June 16, 1863-4 p. m.

{Received 4, 50 p. m.
Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Just received your telegram. Please inform me whether our forces at Harper's Ferry are in the town or on the height, and, if the latter, whether we hold Bolivar, Loudoun, or Maryland Heights, and which, if any; what bridges at Harper's Ferry, and where; from what direction is the enemy making his attack? I suppose it is a couple of long marches from here for troops without trains, but this, of course, will depend upon the position of the enemy.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Fairfax Station,

June 16, 1863-7. 30 p. m.

H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

In compliance with your directions, I shall march to the relief of Harper's Ferry. I put my column again in motion at 3 a. m. tomorrow. i expect to reach there in two days, and, if possible, earlier. The partial rest of today was not lost, being necessary to recruit from forced and heavy marches and fill up supplies. My headquarters at Farrall [?] Station tomorrow night.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General.

{Copy to the President.
WASHINGTON, D. C.,

June 16, 1863-8. 20 p. m.

Major-General HOOKER,

Army of the Potomac:

Information of enemy's actual position and force in front of Harper's Ferry is as indefinite as that in your front. Nearly everything is conjecture. The only position of the enemy mentioned is Halltown. The bridges across both rivers at Harper's Ferry are believed to be intact, and most of Tyler's troops on Maryland Heights. Loudoun Heights are not fortified, but swept by Maryland batteries. your questions have been sent to Tyler, and his answer will be forwarded as soon as received. Any troops you can send to his relief should be in motion. a few of the enemy have shown themselves at Poolesville and Point of Rocks. No definite information of his movements from any place.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

