
whom, with an exception or two, behaved with great coolness, and performed their several duties to my entire satisfaction. My loss consisted of 2 slightly wounded.

All of which is most respectfully submitted.

N. WILLIARD,

Captain, and Chief of Pioneers, 1st Brig., 3rd Div., 2nd A. C.

Lieutenant J. G. REID,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 119. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Leonard W. Carpenter Fourth Ohio Infantry.

CAMP NEAR TWO TAVERNS, PA., July 6, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Fourth Regiment Ohio Infantry, under my command, in the battle near Gettysburg, on the 2nd and 3rd instant: On the 2d, early in the morning, I moved, with the balance of the brigade, from a point about 1 1/2 miles in rear of the cemetery, where we had bivouacked during the night of the 1st, a little in rear of Cemetery Hill, with my right resting on the road leading from Taneytown to Gettysburg, facing toward the latter place. At 9. 30 a. m. I received orders to advance four companies of my regiment to support the line of pickets, which i did, under command of Major Stewart, and at 3 p. m. I relieved them with two companies under Captain Grubb. At 4 p. m. the enemy opened with his artillery, and for two hours we were exposed to a heavy fire of shot and shell, which, however, did but little damage. At 6 p. m. I received orders to change my position farther to the left, and formed between two batteries, at right angles to my former line of battle. I remained here for one and a half hours, the whole time exposed to the enemy's artillery and sharpshooters, but being somewhat protected by a fence, the regiment did not suffer greatly. At 7. 30 o'clock I received orders to again change my position, and, under the guidance of Captain Gregg, acting assistant inspector-general, First Brigade, I moved across the Taneytown road, and formed in line of battle to the right of the cemetery, and moved forward, and, finding the enemy in possession of a part of our line, we drove them before us, and captured a number of prisoners. We remained in position during the night, throwing out pickets well to the front. On the 3d, we retained our position, and awaited patiently, under a terrific fire of artillery, the approach of the enemy, but they did not again attempt that portion of our line that day or subsequently. We captured 34 prisoners and 200 stand of arms. We were armed on going into the fight with the smooth-bore muskets, but these were exchanged for good Springfield rifles that we captured from the enemy. The regiment numbered on going into the fight 22 commissioned officers and 277 enlisted men. The officers and men behaved most handsomely, and the regiment maneuvered on the field as if on drill. I beg leave to make special mention of Captain Grubb, who was in command of the two com-

