
panies that were on picket when the battle commenced, and was wounded; also of Captain Camp. Lieutenants S. J. Shoub and A. H. Edgar, both young and promising officers, were killed early in the engagement. The following is a list of the casualties:
 Officers and men.Killed.Wounded.Missing.TotalCommissioned officers.21....3Enlisted men517527Total(*)718530
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. W. CARPENTER,

Lieutenant Colonel, Comdg, Fourth Regiment Ohio Vol. Infantry.

Lieutenant J. G. REID,

A. A. A. G., First Brig., Third Div., Second Corps.

Numbers 120. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Franklin Sawyer, Eighth Ohio Infantry.

ON THE FIELD, NEAR GETTYSBURG, PA., July 5, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Eighth Regiment Ohio Volunteers during the late battle near this place: The Eighth Regiment occupied the right of the brigade, and participated in the several maneuvers and changes of position by the brigade until about 4 p. m. of the 2nd instant, when I received an order from Colonel S. S. Carroll, U. S. Army, commanding brigade, to move my regiment forward to the picket line in front of our position and on the left of the pickets of the Eleventh Corps. This was at once executed, the regiment moving forward gallantly under a smart fire of the enemy's pickets and sharpshooters. I received a further order from Colonel Carroll to throw forward four companies as an advanced line, and to support them with the balance of the regiment, and to hold my line to the last man. The enemy did not advance upon us in force until about 4 p. m. of the 3d, and our position was maintained during the twenty-four hours without any relief, although we had suffered severely from the enemy's pickets, sharpshooters, and shell, 4 of my men having been killed, and 1 captain, 1 lieutenant, the sergeant-major, and 38 men wounded up to noon of the 3d. Soon after 2 p. m. the enemy opened a terrific fire from sixty-four pieces of artillery, in a semicircle which inclosed my position. This was replied to by our batteries, and we suffered severely under the fire for nearly two hours. This artillery duel was followed by an immediate advance of two divisions of the enemy's infantry, which advanced at the first in three long lines of battle, but ployed into close column by division as they advanced, excepting, perhaps, a regiment on each flank. The

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 176.

---------------

