
Numbers 121 Report of Captain Alfred T. Craig, Eighth Ohio Infantry, commanding Provost Guard.

CAMP, PROVOST GUARD, 1st BRIG., 3rd DIV., 2nd CORPS, July 7, 1863.

SIR: Having been detailed as commander of the provost guard of the First Brigade, I have the honor to submit the following report of the duties performed and the part taken by my detachment previous to and during the engagement with the enemy at Gettysburg, and also from that time to the present date: The detachment consisted of 1 captain, 1 second lieutenant, 1 sergeant, 3 corporals, and 30 privates. Agreeably to order, they entered upon the duty assigned to them, in the rear of the brigade on the 1st upon the duty assigned to them, in the rear of the brigade on the 1st instant, in keeping up stragglers, &amp;tc. On the 3rd instant, there was placed in my custody 102 Confederate prisoners, captured by the First Brigade, Third Division, Second Corps, the whole of whom were turned over by me to different provost-marshals. Jacob Sheets, of Company I, Fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, was killed in the engagement on the 2nd instant; Simon Main, Company F, Seventh {West Virginia, wounded in the leg by a piece of shell, and Oscar M. Hall, Company H, Fourteenth Indiana, wounded in the hand by a gunshot.

I have the honor to be, were respectfully,

A. T. CRAIG,

Captain Comdg. Provost Guard, 1st Brig., 3rd Div., 2nd Corps. Lieutenant

J. G. REID,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 122. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Jonathan H. Lockwood, Seventh West Virginia Infantry.

CAMP NEAR GETTYSBURG, PA., July 5, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to orders, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Seventh West Virginia in the late engagement near Gettysburg: About 8 a. m. on the 2nd instant, under the command of Colonel Carroll, the Seventh West Virginia, with the Fourteenth Indiana, Fourth and Eighth Ohio Volunteers, were massed in front of the enemy and near their center. About 4 p. m. the Seventh West Virginia and Fourteenth Indiana changed position on the left of the enemy's right center, where we remained but a short time, when the Seventh West Virginia was ordered back, and placed to protect the Fourth U. S. Artillery, where we remained under heavy fire from the enemy's batteries until about 8 o'clock, at which time, in connection with the Fourteenth Indiana, we were ordered to the right of Cemetery Hill, in support of Battery L, First New York Artillery, and on arriving there we found the battery about to be taken charge of by the enemy, who were in large force; whereupon we immedi-

