
ately charged upon the enemy, and succeeded in completely routing the entire force and driving them beyond their lines, capturing a number of prisoners, and removing their dead and wounded in order to establish our line on the line previously occupied by the enemy. Among the prisoners captured was the colonel of the Seventh Virginia Volunteers, and colonel and major of the Twenty-first North Carolina Volunteers. Having established our lines, we remained at this position during the night and the day and the night of the 3d. From 6 a. m. until about dusk on the 3d, we lay under heavy fire and cross-fire from the enemy's batteries. We had brisk skirmishing in our front during the time we occupied that position. During the whole engagement the field was contested with a spirit of determination on our side to gain the victory. Our loss is as follows: Lieutenant-colonel wounded; 5 enlisted men killed; 42 enlisted men wounded, and 13 enlisted men missing*-a list of the same having previously been forwarded. My officers and men behaved with admirable coolness and undaunted courage, and deserve well of their country.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

J

. H. LOCKWOOD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant J. G. REID, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 123. Report of Colonel Thomas A. Smith, First Delaware Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.

HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., THIRD DIV., SECOND CORPS, July 17, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by this brigade in the action at Gettysburg, Pa., from July 1 to 4: Being in camp at Uniontown, Md., on the morning of July 1, I received an order to march at 6. 30 a. m.: marched to Taneytown, and halted until 12 m., when the command resumed the march toward Gettysburg, and encamped about 3 miles from the town. At 4 a. m. on the 2d, the brigade was placed in position on the hills overlooking the town, my command being placed on the left on the First Brigade. This position we occupied until the termination of the action on the night of the 3d. Skirmishing commenced briskly along our front. At 8 a. m. the First Delaware Volunteers were sent out as skirmishers, and the One hundred and eighth New York Volunteers were assigned to the support of Woodruff's battery. At 2 p. m. the enemy opened upon us with a severe fire of artillery, accompanied by an advance of infantry, which drove in our skirmishers. They were, however, immediately replaced, and the enemy's

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 176.

---------------

