
skirmishers retired to their original position, excepting that a force of them retained possession of a large barn about 400 yards in front of our line. Four companies of the Twelfth New Jersey Volunteers were sent to retake the barn and to dislodge the enemy's sharpshooters, which they succeeded in doing, capturing 92 prisoners, including 7 commissioned officers. The enemy advanced in turn, and recaptured the barn. The First Delaware Volunteers and four more companies of the Twelfth New Jersey Volunteers, under the command of Captain Thompson, Twelfth New Jersey, were subsequently sent to again take possession of the barn, which they did, having taken 10 prisoners, one of whom was a major. Observing that the enemy was moving in force along a ravine toward the barn, Captain Thompson thought proper to retire. Firing ceased about 9 p. m., the remainder of the night being quiet. Artillery firing from both sides began at 4 a. m. on the morning of the 3d, the heaviest firing being on our right. Skirmishing with artillery and infantry continued all along the line until 10. 30 a. m., when a lull ensued, which lasted up to 2 p. m. The barn and house near it being reoccupied by the enemy's sharpshooters, an order was received from General Hays, commanding the division, to take the house and barn at all hazards and hold it. The Fourteenth Connecticut Volunteers was detailed on this service, which it gallantly performed. Soon after, an order came from General Hays to burn the house and barn, and they were accordingly fired. At 2 p. m. a most terrific cannonading was opened upon our front by the simultaneous discharge of a whole battery. This fire, from an extended line of the enemy's batteries, concentrated on the small space occupied by our troops, and continued without intermission until 5 p. m. The officers and men behaved with the greater coolness, and endured this terrible fire with much fortitude. As the fire of the enemy's batteries slackened, their infantry moved upon our position in three lines, preceded by skirmishers. My men were directed to reserve their fire until the foe was within 50 yards, when so effective and incessant was the fire from my line that the advancing enemy was staggered, thrown into confusion, and finally fled from the field, throwing away their arms in their flight. Many threw themselves on the ground to escape our destructive fire, and raised their hands in token of surrender. The number of prisoners captured by this brigade is estimated at from 1, 200 to 1, 500. The number of small-arms collected by them is estimated at 2, 000. This command captured 9 battle-flags, as follows: The Fourteenth Connecticut Volunteers, 4; the First Delaware Volunteers, 3, and the Twelfth New Jersey, 2. The One hundred and eighth New York Volunteers rendered very efficient service while supporting Woodruff's battery, and lost heavily, the casualties being about half of the regiment in action. The men assisted in maneuvering the guns when so many of the horses were killed that the guns, limbers, and caissons could with difficulty be moved. During the cannonading, having received a wound, I was obliged to quit the field, and surrendered the command to Lieutenant Colonel Francis E. Pierce, One hundred and eighth New York Volunteers.

30 R R-VOL XXVII, PT I

