
A; B, McCarren, of Company C, and J. B. Mayberry, of Company F, who each captured flags. * During the two days' fight the regiment lost:
 Officers and men.Killed.Wounded.Prisoners.TotalCommissioned officers.2417Enlisted men10411061Total(+)12451168
The enemy's loss in our front was very severe; the ground was literally black with killed and wounded.

Your obedient servant,

JOHN T. DENT,

Late Major First Delaware Vol. Inf., and Lieutenant Co. G.

{Lieutenant William P. Seville, A. A. A. G., 2nd Brig., 3rd Div., 2nd Army Corps.]

Numbers 126. Report of Major John T. Hill, Twelfth New Jersey Infantry.

HDQRS. TWELFTH REGIMENT NEW JERSEY VOLUNTEERS, July 16, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the action of the regiment I have the honor to command during the engagements of the 2d, 3d, and 4th instant to have been as follow: At 5 p. m. on the 2nd instant, four companies {B, H, E, and G were detailed to take a large barn on our picket line, taken from us and held by the enemy. Under command of Captain Jobes, Company G, they charged gallantly upon the building, surrounding it, and capturing 92 prisoners, including 7 commissioned officers; losing in the attack 2 officers and 40 men killed and wounded. At 6 p. m. the same day the balance of my command moved to the front line, taking position behind a stone fence to the left of Kirby's battery, remaining in this position until the afternoon of the 5th instant. At 7. 30 a. m. of the 3rd instant, five companies {D, C, K, F and A, under command of Captain Thompson, Company K, again drove the enemy from the shelter of the barn, capturing a major and 1 man, relieving our lines from an annoying fire from the enemy's sharpshooters posted therein. At 4 p. m. of the 3rd instant, the whole line became engaged in repulsing an attack in force made by the enemy, completely routing them, capturing prisoners estimated to number 500 men, and 2 colors. We collected and turned in 751 small-arms, picked up in our immediate

front.

---------------

*Medals of honor awarded to Privates Mayberry and McCarren.

+But see revised statement, p. 176.

---------------

