
Officers and men behaved with the greatest gallantry. I take pleasure in calling your attention to the meritorious conduct of Captains Thompson, Jobes, and Chew, Adjutant Franklin, Lieutenants McComb, Trimble, Acton, Phipps, Williams, Eastwick, and Dare, Sergeant-Major [Edward M.] Du Bois, and Color Sergeants [Charles E.] Cheeseman and [William H.] Griffin. Our casualties were:
 Officers and men.Killed.Wounded.Missing.TotalCommissioned officers.24....6Enlisted men217511107Total(*)237911113
I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN T. HILL,

Major, Commanding Twelfth New Jersey Volunteers.

Colonel MORRIS, Comdg. Second Brig., Third Div., Second Army Corps.

Numbers 127. Report of Major George F. Hopper, Tenth New York Infantry.

NEAR SANDY HOOK, MD., July 16, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to forward to you the following report of the transactions and movements of my command, near Gettysburg, Pa., during the battle of the 2nd and 3rd instant: On the afternoon of the 2nd instant, I received orders to deploy in the rear of the Third Division, for the purpose of arresting stragglers, which order I immediately carried out. On the 3rd instant, were encamped at division headquarters until the opening of the fight in the afternoon, when I again deployed the battalion pursuant to orders received. At about 3 p. m. was ordered to assemble my command and take it to the front. While complying with this order, some 1, 800 rebel prisoners were turned over to my charge, and I placed guards over them. About 4 p. m. was ordered to General Patrick's headquarters, in charge of these prisoners. Reached that place about 6 p. m., and encamped all night, under orders from General Patrick. Lost in the engagement: Killed, 2; wounded, 4.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

GEO. F. HOPPER,

Major, Commanding Battalion.

Lieutenant WILLIAM P. SEVILLE, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 176.

---------------

