
tion, pursuant to the order of Colonel Willard, given just before his death. The coolness, courage, and determination displayed by officers and men throughout this trying occasion reflect great credit on them, and it is believed that the charge aided materially in maintaining our lines during that day. After the cessation of the firing, the brigade reoccupied the position it held in the morning. During the forenoon and part of the afternoon of the second day, large details were made from the several regiments of the brigade for skirmishing, such details being actively engaged in skirmishing with the enemy on the flat in front of the crest of the hill occupied by our artillery and infantry, extending left from Cemetery Hill. In anticipation of an attack upon the line on the crest of the hill mentioned, the regiments composing this brigade were formed in two lines, nearly parallel, some distance apart, under the slope of the hill occupied by us, being so placed as supports to the artillery. About 1 p. m. the enemy opened from his batteries planted on the slope of the hill across the flat mentioned, evidently with the intention of silencing our batteries, and a terridic cannonade ensued, which continued about two hours, during which period the regiments remained in the position before stated. Near the close of this severe artillery duel, the regiments were formed on the hill with other regiments of the division, to repel an infantry attack. The enemy, advancing in four lines across the flat, were subjected to a murderous fire of musketry and artillery, and were driven back in confusion, after an engagement of about an hour. * The regiment behaved well during this engagement, to the best of my knowledge and belief. The brigade was commanded by Colonel Sherrill until his death, about 4 p. m., when the command devolved upon Lieutenant Colonel James M. Bull, his seniors in the brigade having been killed or disabled. In this engagement a severe loss was sustained by the brigade in killed and wounded, the precise number of which I am unable to report. The regiments maintained their positions mentioned on the slope of the hill during the next day, sending out details to skirmish on the flat. Herewith are inclosed lists of the killed, wounded, and missing of the several regiments of the brigade, which are as accurate as I can now furnish. +

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES M. BULL,

Lieutenant Colonel 126th New York Vols., Comdg. Brigade.

Captain G. P. Corts, Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS, THIRD BRIG., THIRD DIV., SECOND ARMY CORPS,Camp near Sandy Hook, Md., July 17, 1863.

SIR: Replying to the circular dated Philadelphia, Pa., July 7, 1863, I beg leave to represent that I have made diligent inquiry as to the subject-matter of said circular.

---------------

*Medals of honor awarded to Captain Morris Brown, jr., Sergt. George H. Dore, and Private Jerry Wall, all of the One hundred and twenty-sixth New York, for the capture of Confederate colors.

+See revised statement, p. 177.

---------------

