
of our brigade. The rebels were driven back by me beyond our brigade line and almost into the mouth of their own batteries, which they had advanced upon us. I held that position under a murderous fire until I was ordered by our brigade commander to fall back and take a new position, throwing a heavy line of skirmishers forward when my line rested. The rebels did not advance after that to engage the skirmishers that night. So severe was the fire to which we were subjected, that my loss in that charge was 185 men killed and wounded in less than twenty minutes, out of about 390 taken into the fight. I wish to make this statement, as I was absent at the time General Hancock's circular was received at brigade headquarters, and have had no chance until now to make my statement of the affair. If my regiment is the one entitled to the credit of the act referred to by General Hancock, I am desirous they should have it. My losses that day were more than double any regiment in the brigade. I have taken the liberty of inclosing a copy of this to General Hancock at his residence.

Very respectfully, yours,

C. D. MACDOUGALL,

Colonel 111th Regiment N. Y. Vols., 3rd Brig., 3rd Div., 2nd A. C. Lieutenant

Colonel FRANCIS A. WALKER, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 130. Report of Captain Aaron P. Seeley, One hundred and eleventh New York Infantry.

-, - -, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report to the commandant of the brigade that the One hundred and eleventh New York Volunteers marched at 3 a. m. to the heights south of Gettysburg with the brigade on the morning of July 2, and lay in rear of the One hundred and twenty-sixth and One hundred and twenty-fifth New York Volunteers, with the battalion of the Thirty-ninth New York Volunteers in our rear. We lay in this position until about 5 p. m., most of the afternoon under a furious shelling from the enemy. About 5 p. m., by order of Colonel Willard, One hundred and twenty-fifth New York Volunteers, commanding brigade, the regiment fell in with the rest of the brigade and moved by the left flank about half a mile to the left; then, by order of the same officer, moved a short distance to the right, and formed a line of battle with the brigade, the One hundred and eleventh holding the right. During the movement to the right, we were under a heavy fire of shell and canister from the batteries of the enemy, commingled with the bullets of a triumphant horde of rebels who had forced their way up to the position previously held by others of our Union forces, who had been compelled to give way before their attack, with the loss of four of our cannon. At the command, the regiment with the brigade-not a man in the whole line faltering or hesitating for an instant-hurled themselves upon the advancing foe. The rebel ranks were broken through, and, as they hurriedly retreated, volley after volley was poured into

