
Company E, and Sergt. Major Irving P. Jaques. Among the seriously wounded are Colonel C. D. MacDougall; Acting Adjutant Capron; Captain Holmes, Company D, Captain Mead, Company I, and Captain Smith, Company K. Lieutenant-Colonel Lusk was thrown from his horse and seriously injured during the first part of July 3, thus leaving no field officer with the regiment.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. P. SEELEY,

Captain, Comdg. One hundred and eleventh New York Vols.

Lieutenant Sheldon, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 131. Report of Lieutenant Harry L. Haskell, one hundred and twenty-fifth New York Infantry.

-, - -, 1863.

SIR: The regiment left Centreville, Va., on June 25, and arrived at Gettysburg on the morning of July 2. Took position on a nameless hill, situated about half a mile from the

village. Three companies were immediately after our arrival deployed as skirmishers in front of our position, suffering some considerable loss during the day. Just before sunset of that day the brigade was ordered to take position on and support the left, where the entire brigade charged the enemy and drove them, after which we were ordered by Colonel Willard, commanding the brigade, to retreat, which was done in excellent order. The loss on that day was heavy. About 9 p. m. took the position previously occupied, and held it until after the battle. On the 3d, skirmishers were kept in front of our position. About 2 p. m. the enemy formed line, and made a desperate charge on our position, and was repulsed with heavy loss. All prisoners agree in saying that it was by far the most desperate battle of the war. Nothing further, other than skirmishing, occurred on our front up to the time the enemy fell back.

The regiment left Gettysburg July 5.

HARRY L. HASKELL,

Second Lieutenant, and Acting Adjutant.

{Lieutenant ELIAS P. SHELDON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
Numbers 132. Report of Captain John G. Hayard, First Rhode Island Light Artillery, commanding Artillery Brigade, Second Army Corps.

HDQRS. ARTILLERY BRIGADE, SECOND ARMY CORPS, August 1, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit the following report of the part taken by the batteries of this brigade in the battle of July 2 and 3. On the morning of July 1, the brigade-composed of Light Com-

