
there. Also please have the newspapers announce that I am moving on to the James River line. I will mask my real movements in these parts.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON,

June 16, 1863.

Major-General HOOKER,

Fairfax:

General Cadwalader has not gone to Pennsylvania, but is here waiting for orders. You shall be kept posted upon all information received here as to enemy's movements, but must exercise your own judgement as to its credibility. The very demon of lying seems to be about these times, and generals will have to be broken for ignorance before they will take the trouble to find out the truth of reports.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

WASHINGTON,

June 17, 1863-930 a. m.

Major-general HOOKER:

Mr. Eckert, superintendent of the telegraph office, answers me that he has sent, and will send you, everything that comes to the office.

A. LINCOLN.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Fairfax Station,

June 17, 1863.

Major-General HALLECK, Commanding, &amp;tc.:

Your dispatch of 10 p. m. received by me at 1 a. m. Will make the dispositions of my forces to comply with the objects aimed at in your dispatch. The advises heretofore received by telegraph from Washington have stated successively that Martinsburg and Winchester were invested and surrounded; that Harper's Ferry was closely invested, with urgent calls upon me for relief; that the enemy were advancing in three columns through Pennsylvania, and had driven in General Couch's pickets. Now I am informed, in substance, that General Schenck thinks it all arises from one of his wagon trains; that General Tyler, at Harper's Ferry, whose urgent calls as represented to me, required under my instructions rapid movements in this direction, seems to think that he is in no danger. Telegraph operator just reports to me that Harper's Ferry is abandoned by our forces. Is this true? Directions have been given for my cavalry to make a recognizance in the direction of Winchester and Harper's Ferry, for the purpose of ascertaining the whereabouts and strength of the enemy, and while this is being done, some of the infantry corps will be advanced by easy marches. As soon as the intentions of the enemy are known to me, I shall be able to advance with rapidity. My headquarters will be at Fairfax Station tonight. I should very much like to have reliable and correct information concerning the enemy on the north side of the Potomac. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

