
First U. S. Artillery, fell, mortally wounded, on July 3, while the rebel lines, after a most successful and daring advance, were being pushed back in destruction and defeat. To the manner in which the guns of his battery were served and his unflinching courage and determination may be due the pertinacity with which this part of the line was so gallantly held under a most severe attack. Lieutenant Woodruff was an able soldier, distinguished for his excellent judgment and firmness in execution, and his loss is one which cannot be easily replaced. He expired on July 4, and, at his own request, was buried on the field on which he had yielded his life to his country. Second Lieutenant Joseph S. Milne, First Rhode Island Light Artillery, was mortally wounded on the afternoon of July 3 by a musket-shot through the lungs. He survived his wound one week, and breathed his last at Gettysburg on July 10. In his regiment he was noted for his bravery and willingness to encounter death in any guise, while his modesty and manliness gained for him the ready esteem of his many comrades. His death is a loss to all, and we cannot but mourn that so bright a life should thus suddenly be veiled in death. At the time of his decease he was attached to Battery A, Fourth U. S. Artillery, with which battery he had served during the campaign. Every officer in this battery was either killed or wounded. First Lieutenant T. Fred. Brown, Battery B, First Rhode Island Light Artillery, was severely wounded in the neck on the afternoon of July 2. This officer deserves great praise for the cool and able manner in which he commanded his battery, although exposed to a most galling infantry fire, in a position to the front of the line of the corps, where his horses were shot down faster than they could be replaced. The guns were served admirably and with precision, driving the rebels with great loss. Honorable mention should be made of First Lieutenant A. S. Sheldon, Battery B, First New York Artillery, wounded on the afternoon of July 3; of Captain W. A. Arnold, commanding Battery A, First Rhode Island Light Artillery, who, after gallantly fighting his own battery and saving it, also withdrew the battery of A, Fourth U. S. Artillery, Cushing and Milne having fallen; of Second Lieuts. Tully McCrea and John Egan, First U. S. Artillery, for their distinguished coolness and bravery, and of First Lieutenant R. E. Rogers, First New York Artillery, upon whom the command of Battery B, First New York Artillery, finally devolved. Special mention is made of First Sergt. Frederick Fuger, of Battery A, Fourth U. S. Artillery, for his bravery during the battle, especially exhibited when all his officers had fallen, and he, in the heat of the fire, was obliged to assume command of the company. He is most earnestly recommended for promotion, having proved himself a brave soldier and a modest but competent officer. I beg leave to call particular attention to First Lieutenant G. L. Dwight, ordnance officer and acting adjutant of the brigade, for the untiring energy displayed in supplying the brigade with ammunition, and the efficient service rendered in the field. Reposing the utmost confidence in this officer's abilities,

I most respectfully recommend him for promotion.

JNO. G. HAZARD,

Captain First Rhode Island Light Artillery, Comdg, Brigade.

Lieutenant Colonel C. h. MORGAN, Chief of Staff, Second Army Corps.

31 R R-VOL XXVII, PT I

