
Four regiments from this division have been detached with the Second Corps since yesterday. I respectfully request that they be relieved and returned to my command. The Second Division is held in reserve, supporting the right of General Sykes' line and the left of the Second Corps. Inclosed I have the honor to forward a sketch showing the actual position of my troops. *

Yours, respectfully,

D. B. BIRNEY,

Major-General, Commanding.

Brig. General S. WILLIAMS, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 134. Reports of Major General William H. French, U. S. Army, commanding Third Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS, October 1, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that, by virtue of orders received from headquarters Army of the Potomac, dated July 7, at Frederick, Md., I joined the Third Army with the troops then under my command, and which were part of the force garrisoning Maryland Heights, and had been operating on the line from the Monocacy as far as Williamsport, and from Frederick in the direction of Emmitsburg, while the main body of the Army of the Potomac was engaging the enemy at and about Gettysburg. A succinct account of the movements of the Harper's Ferry troops, contemporary with those of the First and Second Divisions of this corps during the dates called for by your circular, will be given. On the evening of June 28, orders were received from headquarters Army of the Potomac to evacuate Maryland Heights, leaving 2, 500 men, or less, according to my discretion, to remove the public property and escort it to Washington City. In consequence of the limited number of wagons at the post, I delayed leaving until the evening of the 29th, to allow the teams of the troops I should withdraw to assist in hauling the sores. This they did for seventeen consecutive hours, when I ordered General Elliott to continue the work, leaving with him 4, 000 men instead of the number suggested in my instructions, because his command [about 2, 500, composed chiefly of troops from Winchester, in parts of regiments] was much disorganized. The troops under Colonel Smith, from Martinsburg, 1, 500 men, were under excellent discipline, and perfectly reliable. I left these latter also, anticipating their soon rejoining. Thus detached, my command was composed of Kenly's {Maryland brigade, to which was attached a battalion of the Fourteenth Massachusetts Artillery Regiment, under Major Rolfe; Morris; brigade, three batteries of field artillery, and about 900 cavalry, under Colonel McReynolds [the debris of Winchester], being, of all arms, about 7, 000 men. Reaching Frederick on June 30, I proceeded to occupy points on the lines of communication between that place, washington City,
---------------

*See p. 487.

---------------

