
In the meantime I had sent to General Birney for re-enforcements, who directed Colonel Egan, with the Fortieth New York, to report. The enemy now concentrated his force on our extreme left, with the intention to turn our left flank through a gorge between my left and Sugar Loaf hill. the Fortieth New York was dispatched to cover the gorge, which they did most effectually. Our men, now much exhausted and nearly destitute of ammunition, were relieved and bivouacked for the night. The unfortunate accident to Major-General Sickles placed me in command of the division. The action of the brigade on the succeeding day will be included in the report of Colonel Berdan, who succeeded me in command. This brigade, with the exception of Antietam, has been engaged in every battle fought by the Army of the Potomac, and has been frequently mentioned for its gallantry, but on this occasion it eclipsed all its former actions. The immense force opposed to them was at one time almost overwhelming. The number of effective men in the brigade when they engaged the enemy was not 1, 500, while the loss is nearly 800. Out of 14 field officers, we lost 8. The Third and Fourth Maine, Twentieth Indiana, and Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, the veterans of this brigade, to their world-wide reputation have added new laurels, and, if possible, excelled themselves. The First and Second U. S. Sharpshooters and the Eighty-sixth and One hundred and twenty-fourth New York Volunteers, recently assigned to this brigade, have richly earned the title to wear the "Kearny patch. " The twentieth Indiana lost its colonel {shot through the head, than whom a more gallant soldier and efficient officer did not exist. The great State of Indiana may well feel proud of John Wheeler, the hero, the patriot, and the honest man. He was worthy to command the glorious Twentieth, and his command was proud of him. The One hundred and Twenty-fourth New York lost its colonel and major {both shot through the head. Colonel A. Van Horne Ellis was one of those dashing and chivalrous spirits that we frequently read of, but seldom encounter in real life. He fell while gallantly leading his men in a charge. In this he was ably seconded by Lieutenant-Colonel Cummins and Major Cromwell, the major falling within a fix seconds of the colonel, and the lieutenant-colonel being severely wounded. Colonel Walker, of the Fourth Maine, was severely wounded in the leg, but refused to leave the field until his regiment retired. Lieutenant-Colonel Higgins, Eighty-sixth New York Volunteers, was also severely wounded side by side with the colonel of the One hundred and twenty-fourth New York Volunteers. Major Lee, Third Maine, and Major Whitcomb, Fourth Maine, were also severely wounded in the various actions of their regiments. To the officers and men of my command, without exception, my thanks and the thanks of the country are eminently due. For nearly two hours my brigade was opposed to at least 10, 000 of the enemy, in line and en masse. Besides the killed and wounded mentioned, I would particularly call the attention of the major-general commanding to the gallant conduct of Colonel Berdan, U. S. Sharpshooters; Colonel Lakeman, Third Maine; Lieutenant-Colonel Taylor, Twentieth Indiana; Major Moore, Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers; Major Stoughton,

