
Second U. S. Sharpshooters, and Major Lansing, Eighty-sixth New York, who vied with each other in doing their whole duty. It would afford me much gratification to speak of others in the terms they deserve, but space will not permit. I would respectfully refer to the regimental reports for a detailed statement of the particular deeds of many other gallant officers. I cannot omit, however, the names of a few gallant non-commissioned officers, viz: Sergt. Henry O. Ripley, color sergeant, Fourth Maine, Sergt, H. M. Munsell, Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Sergt, Major William B. Van Houten, One hundred and twenty-fourth New York, who, by their bravery and example, inspired all in their vicinity. It is to be hoped that a suitable reward, by promotion and otherwise, will be awarded these splendid soldiers. I cannot close this report with justice to myself without mentioning the able, efficient, and gallant services of my staff, who were unremitting in their exertions in forming the men for action, and encouraging by example when engaged; Capt, J. M. Cooney, assistant adjutant-general; Captain G. W. Meikel, Twentieth Indiana, acting assistant inspector-general, and Lieuts. j S. J. Leigh and A. M. Raphall, aides-de-camp. I also regret to say that Lieutenant Raphall was so severely wounded as to require the amputation of his right arm. The total loss in my brigade was 46 officers and 712 enlisted men. To Dr. Orpheus Everts, Twentieth Indiana, acting brigade surgeon, the thanks of the many sufferers in this command are tendered for his undivided attention to their wants and comfort. I herewith transmit official reports of regimental commanders. The valuable service rendered by Colonel T. W. Egan, Lieutenant-Colonel Merrill, and their noble regiments [Fortieth New York and Seventeenth Maine] at an opportune moment cannot be overestimated. Their steadiness and valor were not unknown to me, having had the honor to command them on other occasions. They came to me at the right time, were put in the right place, and well did they perform the duty assigned them.

Respectfully submitted.

J. H. HOBART WARD,

Brigadier-General.

Captain W. F. A. TORBERT, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Army Corps.

HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, THIRD ARMY CORPS, July 27, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with circular from headquarters Third Corps, of July 27, 1863, I have the honor to report the operations of this division on July 22, 23, 24, and 25. On July 22, this division, with Fourth Maine and Keystone Batteries, left Upperville at 2 p. m. in advance of the corps, en route for Piedmont, On arriving at that point, instructions were received from Major-General French that this division would proceed to Manassas Gap, and support General Buford, who anticipated an attack. Putting the troops in motion, i dispatched a staff officer to General Buford to report. On his return, he informed me that General Buford had left, but that General Merritt, with one brigade of cavalry, held the Gap, and was anxious for the arrival of supports, as he expected an attack the next morning. I pushed on to Petersburg, 8

