
Numbers 136. Report of Captain Alanson H. Nelson, Fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Infantry, First Brigade.

CAMP IN THE FIELD, July 10, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following as the part the Fifty-seventh pennsylvania Volunteers took in the late engagement at Gettysburg, Pa.: About 2 p. m. of the 1st instant, we broke camp near Emmitsburg, and marched to a point near Gettysburg; formed in column by regiments about half a mile in rear of the battle-field, where we bivouacked for the night. The next morning we advanced to the right and rear of the peach orchard, and remained about one hour; then advanced to the front and deployed, taking a position on the right of the One hundred and fourteen Pennsylvania Volunteers and near the brick house, where we were exposed to a very severe shelling for about two hour, when, at the request of Captain Randolph, we advanced to the brick house and met the enemy in force, who was advancing on us in three lines. We engaged him about twenty minutes, but, being overpowered by a superior force, we were obliged to fall back, the One hundred and fourteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers having done so already. We finally reformed in the rear, near the Baltimore pike and a large yellow barn, where we remained until 8 a. m. of the next day [3rd instant], when we were ordered to the front as a reserve. About 3 p. m. on the 3rd instant, we were ordered forward with the brigade to support a battery in general Doubleday's division, First Corps, where we remained until dark; then moved to the front, and acted as a picket reserve until the morning of the 4th instant, when we moved to the left and in rear of a line of breastworks, where we remained until ordered on the present march. We lost in killed, wounded, and missing 115, viz:
 Officers and men.Killed.Wounded.Missing.TotalCommissioned officers.28313Enlisted men93954102Total114757115
All in the command acted well and fought bravely, and where all acted so well it was impossible for one to distinguish himself more than another.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. H. NELSON,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

First Brigade, First Division, Third Corps.

32 R R -VOL XXVII, PT I

