
Numbers 137. Report of Major John A. Danks, Sixty-third Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTY-THIRD PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS, July 10, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following statement of the actions of the Sixty-third Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers in the engagement of July 1, 2, and 3: On Wednesday, July 1, the Sixty-third, with the rest of the brigade, moved from camp in the field near Emmitsburg, Md., to a point near Gettysburg, Pa. From this point the regiment was ordered on picket, and posted on line with the Emmitsburg pike. On the morning of July 2, the enemy made his appearance in our front, and opened fire on our outposts. Firing was kept up until the general engagement was brought on, between the hours of 3 and 4 p. m. At 5. 30 p. m. the regiment was relieved from the picket line by a regiment of the Second Division, Third Corps. I then withdrew the regiment, our ammunition having been exhausted; fell back in good order, when I met the balance of the brigade, and, after a few minutes' rest, moved forward with the brigade to an open field, where we encamped for the night. Early on the morning of the 3d, we were again ordered to the front, where we lay in position until 10 a. m., when the enemy attempted to pierce the center of the line. To this point we were ordered to move as rapidly as possible, which the regiment accomplished, and immediately took a position in support of a battery. We were exposed during the day to a severe fire of shot and shell. Our loss during the 1st, 2d, and 3rd was 1 killed, 31 wounded, and 4 missing; total, 36. *

I remain, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,JOHN A. DANKS,

Major, Comdg. Sixty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Lieutenant BENSON, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 138. Report of Colonel Andrew H. Tippin, Sixty-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry.

HDQRS. SIXTY-EIGHTH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLS. August 4, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with orders from headquarters, of the 27th ultimo, I respectfully submit the following report of the operations of my regiment in the recent engagements at and near Gettysburg: On the morning of July 2, I moved my regiment with the brigade to the position assigned us in a large open field in the rear of our line of skirmishers, then engaged with the enemy's skirmishers in front. The brigade was deployed in line of battle by battalions, doubled on the center, my regiment being on the left of the line. After remaining in this position some time, the brigade was moved farther to the front, immediately in rear of Clark's battery, deployed

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 177.

---------------

