
FAIRFAX STATION,

June 17, 1863-9. 20 p. m.

[Received 10, 40 p. m.]

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington:

I am in constant receipt of copies of dispatches from General Couch with regard to enemy at Chambersburg. Is there, in your opinion, any foundation for the reports? All my cavalry are out, and I have deemed it prudent to suspend any farther advance of the infantry until I have information that the enemy are in force in the Shenandoah Valley. I have just received dispatches from Pleasonton, dated 4. 15 p. m. He ran against Fitzburgh Lee's brigade of cavalry near Aldie, and from prisoners learned that Stuart is at Middleburg; and it is further reported that there is no infantry on this side of the Blue Ridge. When the orderly left, Pleasonton had charged and driven Lee out of Aldie. All my cavalry are out. Has it ever suggested itself to you that this cavalry raid may be a cover to Lee's re-enforcing Bragg or moving troops to the West?

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 18, 1863.

{Received 7. 50 a. m.
Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

At my last advises from Pleasonton, he had captured 8 officers and the greater portion of two squadrons of Fitz Lee's brigade of Stuart's cavalry, and driven them out of Aldie. My instructions to him were to find out what was behind them. At 1 a. m. we received advises that looked as though White, with 400 cavalry, was at Point of Rocks. The Twelfth Corps was immediately ordered to Leesburg, and to hold it and the fords of the Potomac in that vicinity. I ought to have had a large cavalry force and two regiments of infantry at the mouth of the Monocacy last night. Having no means of telegraphic communication there, I am unadvised as to their arrival, and unable to give them orders by telegraph. A bridge sufficient to cross the Potomac is also to be at that point at noon today.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

June 18, 1863 - 11 a. m.

Major-General HOOKER,

Army of the Potomac:

I can get no information of the enemy other than that sent to you.

Rumors from Pennsylvania are too confused and contradictory to be relied on. Officers and citizens are on a big stampede. They are asking me why does not General Hooker tell where Lee's army is; he is nearest to it. There are numerous suppositions and theories, but all is yet mere conjecture. I only hope for positive information from your front. General Heintzelman has a signal line to Sugar Loaf Mountain, and is directed to send you all the information he

