
list of casualties proves with what determination they contested every inch of ground. Fourteen officers out of 17 combatants were either killed or wounded, and 117 men out of 257 were either killed, wounded, or missing, being nearly one-half of the entire number taken into action. No instance of cowardice occurred during the engagements. All seemed to feel that they were fighting on the soil of their native State, and that they would wither conquer or yield up their lives in her defense. I cannot make particular mention of individual bravery. All, both officers and men, seemed imbued with the same spirit, which was one of determination never to yield, but to fight to the bitter end, and until there was not a single rebel in arms to pollute the soil of their native State. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. A. CRAIG,

Colonel One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Lieutenant R. DALE BENSON,

A. A. A. G., First Brigade, First Division, Third Corps.

Numbers 140. Report of Captain Edward R. Bowen, One hundred and fourteenth Pennsylvania Infantry.

FOX'S GAP, SOUTH MOUNTAIN, MD., July 12, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the One hundred and fourteenth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers in the recent operations against the enemy, near Gettysburg, Pa.: On July 1, the regiment left Emmitsburg, Md., at about 2 p. m., and moved in the direction of Gettysburg, which place we reached at about 7 p. m., and encamped on the south side of the town. The regiment moved to the front on the morning of the 2d, and at 1 p. m. advanced to the front of the woods and formed with the brigade a line of battle, in columns doubled on the center, to the left and rear of the Fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers. Clark's (First New Jersey) battery then took up a position in front, and opened on the enemy, We remained here until ordered to advance with the brigade, maintaining the same position to the Fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers until we reached an oat-field, where we were ordered to deploy, which we did, the One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers being on our right and the Sixty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers on our left. At this moment we were ordered to lie down. The enemy then opened on us with his batteries, and for about two and a half hours we lay under a most severe fire, losing, however, but few men, the enemy's range being too high. Captain Randolph, chief of artillery of the corps, at this moment rode up to the regiment, and ordered us to advance, saying, "If you want to save my battery, move forward. I cannot find the general. I give the order on my own responsibility. " We then advanced, passing through his battery, which immediately limbered up and went to the rear, and the regiment, crossing the road, formed a line of

