
battle, our line on the right joining the Fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers. Seeing the enemy advancing in force, I ordered the right wing of the regiment to advance to the rear of the brick house, and attempted to form a line with the Fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, who were already there. In this I was but partially successful, as the enemy had already advanced so quickly and in such force as to gain the road, and, pouring a murderous fire on our flank, threw the left wing of the regiment on to the right in much confusion. I attempted to rally the regiment across the road, but could not succeed in doing so, the enemy advancing so rapidly and my men falling in such numbers as to prevent my succeeding in doing so. I succeeded, however, in rallying a number around the colors, and brought them off, but, in doing so, got separated from the brigade, and night coming on, I was unable to find them, although I used every effort to do so. I remained where I was until early daylight of the 3d, when I rejoined the brigade, and we lay all the morning of the 3rd in the woods, where we were supplied with rations, and remained until about 3 p. m., when I was ordered to move up to the right by the double-quick, being detached from the brigade to support Cowan's (First New York) battery. At this time, Colonel Madill, of the One hundred and forty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, assumed command of the brigade, and I took command of his regiment and my own. At about 7 p. m. I was ordered to get ready to be relieved, and to send to the front a detail to collect the arms which had been left there. We collected about 300 pieces. At about 8 p. m. I rejoined the brigade, and went to the extreme front, where we remained until 8 o'clock next morning, the 4th instant, when I again made a detail to gather up arms. We lay in rear of the batteries all that day and night, and next morning marched to the rear in the woods, where we remained until 4 a. m. of the 6th instant, when we marched toward Emmitsburg, Md. While falling back from the brick house on to the road, and very hotly pressed by the enemy, I saw Lieutenant-Colonel Cavada, who was then commanding the regiment, stopping at a log house in an orchard on our right. I inquired if he was wounded; he replied that he was not, but utterly exhausted. I begged him to make an effort to come on, as the enemy were only a few yards from him and advancing rapidly. He replied that he could not, and I left him there, and not having herd from him since, I have no doubt he was taken prisoner there. I assumed command of the regiment at this time. I also report a number of men as missing whom I have no doubt were killed and their bodies burned when the barn was burned down, and some, I have no doubt, were taken prisoners at the brick house, among them 2 second lieutenants. In closing this report, I beg leave to ask that it may be remembered that I was not in command of the regiment until after Lieutenant-Colonel Cavada's capture, and that consequently the report of all that precedes is compiled solely from my own observations and memory. It affords me great pleasure to testify to the great gallantry and cool courage of Brigadier-General Graham, commanding the First Brigade, First Division, Third Corps, of which my regiment is a

