
part, and to express my regret, in which I am joined by all the officers of my regiment, at his having been wounded, and trust that, his wound proving slight, he will soon return to again lead us to victory. I am also happy to be able to mention Captains [Francis] Fix and Eddy, the former of whom received a painful wound, and also Lieutenants Robinson, Newlin, and A. W. Fix, for their bravery and efficient assistance during the engagement.

I am, sir, your most obedient servant,

E. R. BOWEN,

Captain, Comdg. 114th Pennsylvania Vols.

Lieutenant R. DALE BENSON, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 141. Report of Colonel Henry J. Madill, One hundred and forty-first Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. 141ST. REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,---, -- -, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with circular from division headquarters, I submit the following statement of the movements of my regiment during the engagement of July 2 and 3, at Gettysburg, Pa.: During the forenoon of July 2, we moved into a field beyond a small house and to the left of a road leading from the wooden house, near which General Sickles established his headquarters, to the Emmitsburg pike, and here, by command of General Graham, we then formed in line of battle, the Fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers on the right of the line, the Sixty-eight Pennsylvania Volunteers on the left, and my regiment in the center, the One hundred and fifth and One hundred and fourteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers supporting. The line was doubled on the center, Clark's battery in our front. They delivered a few shots, receiving but little response. The battery then moved up the hill and a little to the left, and took a position in the peach orchard, near the Emmitsburg pike. In the meanwhile our line advanced up the slope and deployed in the oat-field, some 15 rods from the pike, and were ordered to lie down. At this point we sustained a severe fire from artillery for some time, the enemy having a good range. After remaining in this position for some twenty minutes or more, I received an order from General Graham, through the acting assistant adjutant-general (Lieutenant [Charles H.] Graves), to move my regiment out, and place it in front of Clark's battery. This order was in a few minutes countermanded, and I formed my regiment in rear of that battery, and, while supporting that battery, the Second New Hampshire was ordered up to my support. They took position in my rear. Here the fire from the enemy's artillery was very severe, and we sustained a considerable loss in killed and wounded. At this time it was observed that the enemy was advancing in strong force from across and down the Emmitsburg pike. My regiment, together with two others (the Third Michigan [Colonel Pierce], and Third Maine, Colonel Lakeman), were ordered to the front of the peach orchard, the battery occupying that position having withdrawn

