
and left the field. We advanced, the Third Maine on my right and the Third Michigan (Colonel Pierce) on my left. The enemy was advancing in two columns, one column crossing direction of the position occupied by the Second and Third Brigades, which were to our left and somewhat to our rear. When they advanced below the stone barn, they endeavored to extend their lines to the left. It was at this time that my regiment, with the two others spoken of, was ordered forward. We engaged the flank of the enemy, and prevented him from extending his lines this side of the small creek that runs through the field near the stone barn. At this time the other column had advanced up to the pike and deployed, and was marching on the point we were occupying. The battery in position near the road and immediately to the left of the log house withdrew. The Third Maine, after exchanging a few shots with the enemy at this point, withdrew. Colonel Pierce's regiment (Third Michigan) withdrew about the same time, or a few minutes before. I found myself alone, with a small regiment of about 180 men. I continued to hold my position for a short time, when I withdrew from that position and took a position in rear of the Sixty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, who were engaged with the enemy in front of the barn, near the brick house. When I took this position the Sixty-eighth withdrew, the balance of the brigade having previously withdrawn. I was thus left alone on the hill occupied by the brigade in the afternoon. The enemy, after the falling back of the Sixty-eighth, advanced to the barn. I engaged them at this point, and held them in check for twenty minuter or upward, but being overpowered by the large numbers of the enemy, I was compelled to retire, which I reluctantly did. It was at this point that my regiment suffered so severely; 25 of my men were killed here and 5 of my officers severely wounded, besides a large number of non-commissioned officers. Among the severely wounded, and who have since died, were the color-bearers and all of the color guard. In my opinion, had the Second Division maintained its position as persistently as the First did, we wound not have been compelled to abandon that position. They gave way some time before the First Brigade was compelled to retire. The retiring of the First Brigade, in my opinion, was caused by the premature abandoning of their position by the Second Division. I took 200 men into the fight, with 9 officers. Out of that number I lost 145 men and 6 commissioned officers, the largest proportionate loss in the corps in that fight, and, I think, in the army, in this or any other battle. I would especially call attention to Sergt. Major Joseph G. Fell for his good conduct on the field. The part he took in fearlessly exposing himself during the whole of the fight, and especially during the latter part of it, deserves to be particularly noticed; also Corporal Berry, who carried the colors. Though wounded three times, he refused to give up his colors, and did not yield them until helplessly stricken down the fourth time. Such men deserve particular notice. Of the conduct of my officers and men, I am happy to say that they are all entitled to great credit. Not one of my men failed me under the most trying circumstances, and to my officers I am under great obligations for their coolness and efficiency under the circumstances.

