
I regret to say that Major Spalding received two severe wounds, one in each leg, and that he was taken prisoner by the enemy. He lost his left leg; it was amputated below the knee by the enemy. The movements of the regiment on the 3rd were unimportant, and do not require a detailed statement. The brigade was gotten together in the morning of the 3d, and during the greater part of that day occupied a position in the second line. In the afternoon, under the command of Colonel Tippin, went to the right and near the cemetery, and my regiment reported to General Webb, and here supported a battery. In the evening we went with the balance of the division to the front and picketed a part of the line. Were withdrawn on the morning of the 4th, and on the 5th left Gettysburg with the corps. Respectfully submitted.

H. J. MADILL,

Colonel One hundred and Forty-first Pennsylvania Vols.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

First Brigade.

Numbers 142. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William C. L. Taylor, Twentieth Indiana Infantry, Second Brigade.

---, -- -. 1863.

SIR: In compliance with circular from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Twentieth Indiana Volunteers in the battle of Gettysburg, July 2, 3, and 4: On the morning of the 2d, the regiment was moved to the extreme left, to support the Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania and other troops then in the advance. Early in the day the whole brigade moved forward. The Twentieth Indiana moved to the front, and formed line of battle in a grove, its right connecting with the Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers and its left with the Eighty-sixth New York Volunteers. About 4 p. m. our line was attacked by the enemy. The brigade soon after advanced to the brow of a small hill, about 150 yards from the position it occupied when first attacked. At this place the Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania was withdrawn from the right, which left the Twentieth Indiana on the extreme right of the brigade. Two companies (B and H), under command of Captain Charles A. Bell, were deployed as skirmishers on the right and front of the regiment to protect our right flank, which was, after the withdrawal of the Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania, pressed by a heavy column of the enemy. These two companies held in check the enemy on our right until the regiment retired from the field. The regiment held the position assigned it until the brigade commenced to retire. The regiment fell back in good order. On the morning of July 3, the regiment was in reserve. About 11 a. m. the Twentieth Indiana with the other regiments of the brigade moved to the support of the batteries near the left center, where it remained until the morning of July 4, at which time it moved to the front and relieved the skirmish line our right connecting with the Fourth Maine and our left with the U. S. Sharpshooters.

