
pulse the enemy's skirmishers (who seemed very anxious to drive us from it), and also to seriously harass the left flank of their advancing columns to the position which the other regiments of the brigade were holding, changing my front as circumstances required. In this position my regiment lay about midway between our own and the enemy's batteries, and a few of my command were more or less seriously injured from the frequent explosion of shells immediately over us. I was heavily pressed in front and on my right flank about 4 p. m., but succeeded in repulsing, with considerable loss, the force, which was much greater than mine, and sent them flying back to their covers. An hour later they came forward again with a force much greater than before, but I engaged them and held them for some fifteen minutes, when I received a severe flank fire on my left. I then saw a large force marching round to cut me off, and ordered my regiment to retire, and while doing so we received a most distressing fire, which threw my command into much confusion, and mixing them up with a portion of the First Brigade, which was also falling back. I regret to report the loss of my national colors, for no men fought harder under it that day than did my regiment, but Captain Keene, of the color company, and his first and only lieutenant, Henry Penniman, fell, the former pierced by four bullets, the latter severely wounded in the leg. The color-beaver fell, wounded; 2 of the guard were killed, and 4 others seriously wounded; and, as darkness was fast approaching, I did not miss it till the following morning. If I had, they would have had me and my little squad or I would have had my flag. As soon as I could rally the remains of my shattered regiment, I joined the brigade, and the men lay on their arms during the night. I am proud to say the conduct of my officers and men throughout the entire day is deserving the highest praise. Their coolness and courage in resisting a force which they could plainly see was four times their number I cannot pass over lightly, but fell somewhat recompensed for my loss by the knowledge that the few I have left are of the same material as the gallant spirits that have fallen. I entered the engagement of the morning with 14 officers and 196 rifles, and lost during the day 113 killed, wounded, and missing, including Major Lee wounded, Captain Keene killed, &amp;c., a list of which has already been sent to headquarters.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MOSES B. LAKEMAN,

Colonel, Commanding Third Maine Regiment.

Captain JOHN M. COONEY, Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brig., First Div.,

Third Corps.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD MAINE REGIMENT, July 27, 1863.

COLONEL: I herewith respectfully report the movements of my

regiment under your command at the battle of Gettysburg, on the 3d, 4th, and 5th instant. On or about noon of the 3rd instant, I was, by order from General Ward, sent as support to the Second Division of the Second Corps,

