
which was being heavily pressed by the enemy, but who had succeeded in repulsing them before my arrival. I reported to General Webb, and placed my regiment, as ordered by him, in support of a battery in our front, but our services were not required throughout the p. m. or night. Early on the morning of the 4th instant, I, with the Fourth Maine, Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania, and Twentieth Indiana Regiments, advanced to the front, sending forward the skirmishers of the Second Corps, and, taking position on the Emmitsburg road, previously the skirmish line, relieved the skirmishers in my front, thereby being supported by, instead of supporting, the Second Corps. Quite brisk skirmishing took place during the day, but without loss, I am happy to state, to my regiment. I remained on this line until about 12 m. on the 5th, when I retired to the position occupied the previous morning, leaving my skirmishers still to the front, when, finding the enemy had gone, my skirmishers were relieved, and I, with the other regiments, joined the brigade.

Respectfully submitted.

MOSES B. LAKEMAN,

Colonel, Commanding Third Maine Regiment.

P. S. - Permit me to add that the conduct of my officers and men throughout the whole of the trying engagement was admirable in the extreme, and they are highly deserving of special mention.

Numbers 144. Report of Lieutenant Charles F. Sawyer, Fourth Maine Infantry.

NEAR WARRENTON, VA., July 27, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this regiment at Gettysburg the first of the present month. The colonel commanding the regiment being wounded, much may be omitted. July 1, the regiment arrived near Gettysburg, and received orders to go on picket, connecting on the right with the First Corps and on the left with the Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers. On the morning of the 2d, some picket firing took palace, which was not responded to. About 11 a. m. were withdrawn and ordered to rejoin the brigade, which was done immediately. Were then assigned position on the left of the brigade, and advanced to a position on a rocky hill, in support of the Fourth New York Battery. The position of the regiment was changed to the left of the battery on the advance of the enemy, one company(F) being left on the brow of the hill, the rest of the regiment being in the ravine, and left of the line extending on to the side of the hill on the left. A brigade was then advancing over the hill, apparently with the intention of connecting on our left flank, our men then engaging the enemy indicating a flank movement. Some of the Second U. S. Sharpshooters fell back through our line, and reported the enemy advancing a column on the hill to flank us, at the same time a few shots of the enemy were fired on our flank, and the brigade on our left, before mentioned, was seen to fall back. A column of the enemy was then seen moving rapidly to

