
our left, not over 50 yards distant, in the woods. The position of the regiment was then changed to engage the enemy on our left, when we engage them, they paying no attention to our firing, 5 to 8 rounds being expended before they returned the fire, which came on our front and left flank. Our principal loss was in this place, the men expending on an average 25 rounds before falling back. Had the brigade seen advancing connected on our left, we could have held our position without any doubt. The regiment fell back to the edge of the woods and again engaged the enemy. The regiment was somewhat broken, being mixed with other regiments of our brigade. Colonel Walker and Major Whitcomb were wounded in the first of the engagement. The colonel retained command of the regiment until it finally fell back. His wounds being very painful, he was taken to the rear. The command then devolved on Captain Edwin Libby, he being the senior officer present. On the first intimation of the enemy's advance on the left, the adjutant was immediately sent by the colonel to report that fact to the commanding officer of the brigade.

CHARLES F. SAWYER,

Adjutant Fourth Maine Volunteers.

Captain JOHN M. COONEY, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 145. Report of Captain Edwin Libby, Fourth Maine Infantry.

1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report in connection

with the above: Being senior officer present, I assumed command of the regiment after it fell back from its position, and collected it together to rejoin the brigade, which was immediately done, there being but very few stragglers from the regiment. July 3, about 2 p. m., were ordered under arms, and with the brigade moved to the support of the Second Division, Second Corps, which was then engaging the enemy. On arriving there, were assigned to position in rear of the - Battery. July 4, early in the morning, were ordered to the front as skirmishers and support. The casualties were but 2 men wounded. At night, were ordered to our former position in rear of the battery, leaving sentinels to the front. On the evening of the 5th, were relieved, and proceeded to the ground occupied on the 3rd instant. The casualties on the 2nd instant were as follows:
 Officers and men.Killed.Wounded.Missing.TotalCommissioned officers.3249Enlisted men105367130Total(*)135571(+)141
---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 177. Including 2 wounded on the 4th.

---------------

