
which was obeyed, and on arriving at our original position was ordered to halt, about-face, and commence firing, all of which was done with alacrity for about ten or fifteen minutes, when we were relieved and ordered to march to the rear. The regiment was not again engaged during the day. The casualties in my regiment during the engagement were as follows:Officers and men.Killed.Wounded.Missing.TotalCommissioned officers.1315Enlisted men1140....51Total(*)1243156
Early on the morning of the 3d, my regiment was marched to a piece of woods near the center of our line of battle, where it remained during the day, part of the time under the artillery fire of the enemy, until 4 p. m., when it was ordered forward to the support of batteries, in which position it remained until about 8 p. m., when firing ceased. During this time we had 3 men wounded. *The regiment was then moved a short distance by the right flank, say 300 yards, then about 100 yards to the front, where it was halted, and remained under arms during the night. On the morning of the 4th, in compliance with an order from headquarters, the regiment was engaged in collecting arms and accouterments. On the 5th, my regiment was ordered to the piece of woods, where it remained until 4 a. m. of the 6th, when it marched from the battlefield. Respectfully submitted.

B. L. HIGGINS,

Lieutenant Colonel, Comdg. Eighty-sixth New York Vols.

Captain JOHN M. COONEY, Captain, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 147. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Francis M. Cumins, One hundred and twenty-fourth New York Infantry.

HDQRS. t REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS, July 28, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that this regiment, being in position on a rocky bluff, near the extreme left of the line, occupied by the Third Corps at Gettysburg on the afternoon of July 2, was attacked between the hours of 3 and 4 o'clock by a heavy force of the enemy. We held this position for over two hours, when, after having lost in killed and wounded our colonel, lieutenant-colonel, and *But see revised statement, p. 177.

