
major, 4 line officers, and 82 enlisted men, your ordered us to fall back, which we did in good order.

F. M. CUMINS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. 124th New York Volunteers.

Brigadier General J. H. HOBART WARD,

Commanding Second Brigade.

Numbers 148. Report of Major John W. Moore, Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry.

NEAR WARRENTON, VA., July 27, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part my command took in the action before Gettysburg, on the lst, 2d, and 3rd instant: We arrived before Gettysburg, by way of the Emmitsburg road, a short time after sunset of the lst instant, and bivouacked for the night in a field on the right of the road, distant about 1 mile from the town. Early on the morning of the 2nd instant, I was ordered to place my regiment in line of battle on the right of the brigade, which formed the extreme left of the line. After lying in this position from two to three hours, I was ordered by General Ward to report with my regiment to Major-General Birney, who in turn ordered me to a position as support to the Third Maine Regiment, which was engaged in skirmishing with the enemy on the Emmitsburg road. This position I held for over an hour, when General Ward advanced the balance of the brigade, joined on my right, changed front, and moved farther to the left, as the enemy was massing his forces and moving on our left flank. During the afternoon my regiment, with the Twentieth Indiana, was ordered forward through the woods to support Berdan's Sharpshooters. At this time the engagement became very general with the enemy, who was throwing a large force against our brigade, in hopes of breaking through our lines. I was now ordered by General Ward to march my regiment double-quick from the right to the left of the brigade. This movement, rapidly executed, placed my command on the brow of a hill, overlooking a deep ravine interspersed with large bowlers of rock. Here the conflict was fierce. I held this position for over thirty minutes, until the brigade began to retire on the right, when I ordered the regiment to fall back slowly, covering the rear. General Ward moved the brigade in the rear of General Sykes' division, Fifth Corps, and formed in line of battle. Subsequently I moved with the brigade to the rear, and bivouacked for the night. Early on the morning of the 3d, I moved my regiment with the brigade to the woods, near the ground occupied by us on the morning of the 2nd instant. I remained here until about 1 o'clock, when I moved my regiment, with the Third and Fourth Maine and Twentieth Indiana, of our brigade, under command of Colonel Lakeman, of Third Maine, where I took position on the right of the left center, and reported to General Webb, who commanded the Second Brigade, Second Division, Second Army Corps.

33 R R-VOL XXVII, PT I

