
ion commander to assume command of the First and Second Regiments of Sharpshooters, and to report direct to division headquarters. In accordance with instructions received, I posted the Second Regiment, Major Stoughton commanding, on our left, to act as flankers, and the First Regiment on our front. About 7. 30 a. m. I received orders to send forward a detachment of 100 sharpshooters to discover, if possible, what the enemy was doing. I went out with the detail, and posted them on the crest of the hill beyond the Emmitsburg road, and where they kept up a constant fire nearly all day upon the enemy in the woods beyond until they were driven in, about 5 p. m., by heavy force of the enemy, after having expended all their ammunition. As it was impossible with this force to proceed far enough to discover what being done by the enemy in the rear of this woods, I reported the fact to Major-General Birney, and about 11 a. m. I received an order from him to send out another detachment of 100 sharpshooters farther to the left of our lines, and to take the Third Maine Volunteers as support, with directions to feel the enemy, and to discover their movements, if possible. I moved down the Emmitsburg road some distance beyond our extreme left and deployed the sharpshooters in a line running nearly east and west, and moved forward in a northerly direction parallel with the Emmitsburg road. We soon came upon the enemy, and drove them sufficiently to discover three columns in motion in rear of the woods, changing direction, as it were, by the right flank. We attacked them vigorously on the flank, and from our having come upon them very unexpectedly, and getting close upon them we were enabled to do great execution, and threw them for a time into confusion. They soon rallied, however, and attacked us, we, having accomplished the object of the reconnaissance, I withdrew under cover of the woods, bringing off most of our wounded, and reported about 2 o'clock to Major-General Birney the result of our operations and discoveries. The Second Regiment was deployed in front of the Second Brigade by order of General Ward, and moved forward to a favorable position, where they held the enemy's skirmishers in check and did good execution, breaking the enemy's front line three times, and finally fell back as the enemy advanced in heavy force, remaining in action with the remainder of the brigade during the engagement. The balance of the First Regiment, under the immediate command of Captain Baker, moved forward to the right of the peach orchard, on the right of the First Brigade, where they had a splendid chance for execution, the enemy coming forward in heavy lines. I relieved them from time to time as they exhausted their ammunition. On the 3d, a detachment of about 100 sharpshooters was sent, under command of Captain Baker, as sharpshooters, to cover the front of the Sixth Corps. They remained there all day, constantly firing, and toward night advanced, driving the enemy's skirmishers some distance, and capturing 18 prisoners. The balance of the command was moved toward the right with the rest of the division, to the support of some batteries, where nothing of importance occurred. On the morning of the 4th, the Second Regiment was deployed in the field in front of our position on the 3d, and advanced, driving the enemy's skirmishers to the edge of the woods, which position they held until relieved at 7. 30 p. m. by a New Jersey regiment, having been under heavy picket firing all day.

