
The entire command, with very few exceptions behaved most gallantly. I desire to make special mention of Colonel Lakeman and Major Lee, of the Third Maine Regiment, for their services on the reconnaissance, in which the Third Maine was used as a support to the detachment of sharpshooters. I desire to make special mention also of Captain Nash, who rendered invaluable assistance in the reconnaissance referred to, and behaved most gallantly; also of Major Stoughton and Captain Baker, for their judgment and skill in handling their troops under fire; also Lieutenant Norton, acting adjutant of the Second Regiment, who displayed great bravery, and who with a small squad captured and sent to the rear 22 prisoners on Thursday. We went into action with about 450 rifles. During the three days, we expended 14, 400 rounds of ammunition Our total loss was:Officers and men.Killed.Wounded.Missing.TotalCommissioned officers.27110Enlisted men10521779Total12591889
I trust that the sharpshooters lost none of their reputation at Gettysburg. Through operating in small detachments, and with other troops, and in such extensive engagements, their deeds may not have been so conspicuous as on some former occasions where the whole force was used together.

I have the honor to be, captain, your obedient servant,

H. BERDAN,

Colonel, Commanding U. S. Sharpshooters.

Captain F. BIRNEY, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 150. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Casper Trepp, First U. S. SHARPSHOOTERS,

HDQRD. FIRST REGIMENT U. S. SHARPSHOOTERS July 29, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with directions received from headquarters

Second Brigade, to report the part taken by my command in the action at Gettysburg, Pa., I have the honor to report as follows: Early in the morning of July 2, this regiment was posted so, and with instructions, to protect the left flank of the Third Corps. Soon thereafter the dispositions were changed, and I received an order to send 100 men on a reconnaissance in front of the right of the Third Army Corps. This detachment I conducted in person, and deployed them. The command was given to Captain John Wilson, a very efficient officer, and I returned to the regiment. I them received another order for 100 men for a reconnaissance. Following the aide-de-camp, I conducted this second detachment directly to and followed

---------------

* But see revised statement, p. 177.

---------------

