
Fitch, of Company C, distinguished himself by making a bold reconnaissance alone, which resulted in capturing a squad of rebel sharpshooters that greatly annoyed our artillery. The rest of the regiment was sent to a point more to the right, where the First Army Corps was posted. Nothing occurred to be mentioned. July 4. -the regiment was sent on picket, but was soon recalled. While so posted, we lost 3 men wounded. In the afternoon Captain John Wilson went with 100 men on a reconnaissance. Nothing reported to have happened worthy to be mentioned.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. TREPP,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. First U. S. Sharpshooters.

Captain JOHN M. COONEY,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigadier

Numbers 151. Report of Major Homer R. Stoughton, Second U. S. Sharpshooters.

HDQRS. SECOND REGIMENT U. S. SHARPSHOOTERS, July 27, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the operations of the Second U. S. Sharpshooters at Gettysburg, Pa., as follows: On the morning of July 2, I was placed in line on the extreme left of the Third Corps, remaining there for nearly one hour, when the colonel commanding instructed me to place my command in a position to cover a ravine near Sugar Loaf hill, which I did by putting Company H on the brow of the hill, with vedettes overlooking the ravine, and Company D in the ravine near the woods, to watch the enemy's movements in that direction. Companies A, E, G, and C formed a line perpendicular to the crows-road that intersects with the Emmitsburg pike. Companies B and F, I held in reserve. I remained in this position deploy my regiment across the ravine and through the woods on the right, and advance. I moved forward to a brook some 200 yards beyond a second cross-road running perpendicular to the Emmitsbaurg pike, and intersecting with it in front of Sugar Loaf hill. I sent forward scouts to reconnoiter the ground. I then rode out perhaps the distance of half a mile, and discovered the enemy's skirmishers advancing on my right, which, being unsupported by any connection with skirmishers on my right, I was compelled to withdraw to protect my flank. In this position we had but little time to wait. The enemy's skirmishers advanced to the top of the hill in our front, and immediately after they placed a battery directly in our front, and immediately after they placed a battery directly in our front, and being too far for our range, I sent forward a few men under cover of woods on the left, and silenced one piece nearest us. The enemy then advanced a line of battle covering our entire front and flank. While they were advancing, the Second Regiment did splendid execution, killing and wounding a great many. One regiment broke three times, and rallied, before it would advance. I held my position until their line of battle was within 100 yards of me and their skirmishers were pushing my right flank, when I ordered my

