
men to fall back, firing as they retired. My left wing retreated up the hill and allowed the enemy to pass up the ravine, when they poured a destructive fire into his flank and rear. Here Adjutant Norton, with about a doyen men, captured and sent to the rear 22 prisoners. Special mention should be made of this officer for his coolness and bravery during this day's engagement. The right wing fell back gradually until they mingled with the regiments composing the Second Brigade, and remained till night, when the brigade was relieved. In this day's action were wounded Captains E. T. Rowell (acting major), J. McClure, and A. Buxton. Our loss was 28 killed, wounded, and missing. Among the missing was Lieutenant D. B. Pettijohn, Company A. On the 3rd instant, the Second Regiment was not engaged, with the exception of about a doyen volunteers, who went out to the front of the breastworks of the First Army Corps, to silence one of the enemy's guns, which was accomplished, losing 1 killed and 1 wounded. On the 4th instant, I was ordered to move forward to the Emmitsburg pike, a few hundred yards to the left of the cemetery, and to deploy four companies to skirmish through the field to the woods in front. The enemy was driven back to his earthworks, about 150 or 200 yards from his first position. We held this position through the day, under a sharp fire from his sharpshooters. The regiment sustained a loss this day of 3 killed and 8 wounded. Among the wounded was Lieutenant Law, Company E. At 7. 30 p. m. I was relieved by New Jersey regiment, of the Sixth Corps, and rejoined the brigade.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

HOMER R. STOUGHTON,

Major, Commanding Second U. S. Sharpshooters.

Captain JOHN M. COONEY,

A. A. G., Second Brig., First Div., Third Army Corps.

Numbers 152. Report of Colonel P. Regis de Ttrobriand. Fifty-fifth New York Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, July -, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor of submitting the following report of the part acted by the Third Brigade, First Division, Third Corps, under my command, in the battle of Gettysburg, on the 2nd and 3rd instant: On July 1, I had been left with my command, and a battery of artillery from the First New York Artillery at Emmitsburg, to hold the place, in connection with a brigade from the Second Division, while the balance of the Third Corps was moving toward Gettysburg. But an order having reached me at 2 o'clock on the following morning to join the corps, I started at daybreak, and reported to Major General Birney about 10 o'clock. About @ p. m. the same day, a line of battle was formed in expectation of an impending attack from the enemy on our left. The First Brigade (General Graham's) formed the

left end of our front line,

