
sent to the front on picket duty, where we remained during the night. Much attention was given by our men to the care of the wounded left upon the field. On July 4, the regiment was occupied nearly all day in throwing up earthworks, expecting a renewal of the attack by the enemy. On July 5, we moved into our present position. It is with sadness that I am compelled to report the loss of several valuable line officers: Lieutenant Dyer, commanding Company G, was instantly killed in the engagement on the 2d, while Captain Fogg, Company H, was carried from the field mortally wounded. Adjt. C. W. Roberts, a gallant soldier, was seriously wounded in the leg, requiring amputation. Throughout these engagements both officers and men of my command behaved with gallantry, and their conduct was worthy of the cause in which they were engaged and of the noble division to which they belong. Many of the men were without shoes; the whole command had been without rations for nearly twenty-four hours, and, after a long and tedious march from Camp Sickles, were poorly fitted for the labors which they were called upon to perform. Our gratitude is due to Almighty God for the success with which He has crowned our exertions. The list of casualties, herewith annexed, shows the severity of the contest in which the regiment participated:
 Officers and men.Killed.Wounded.Missing.TotalCommissioned officers.17....8Enlisted men171052124Total(*)181122132
I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

CHARLES BENJAMIN MERRILL,

Lieutenant Colonel, Comdg. Seventeenth Regiment Maine Volunteers.

Captain BEN. M. PIATT, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 154. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Edwin S. Pierce, Third Michigan Infantry.

HDQRS. THIRD REGIMENT MICHIGAN VOLUNTEERS, August 4, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the part taken by this regiment in the battle of Gettysburg, on July 2 and 3. We left Emmitsburg at 3 a. m. on the 2d, and arrived at Gettysburg about 12 m. On our nearing Gettysburg, the enemy appeared in our rear and left flank. Were then marched near and to the left of the Taneytown road, where the brigade was formed in column of regiments, we occupying the right, where we halted for a short time. Then we were moved forward about 1 mile, when the enemy made his appearance in force, and was driving in our pickets. The

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 178.

---------------

