
colonel was then ordered to deploy his regiment as skirmishers. He moved his regiment by the right flank to the left of the peach orchard, of which the enemy held a portion, where he deployed Companies I, F, and K, deploying forward on the right of Company F. We drove enemy's skirmishers back to and beyond the stone house and barn on the left of the Emmitsburg road, our right resting in front of the orchard, near the road. Upon gaining this position, we discovered that the enemy was massing his forces on our left. I reported the same to General Sickles, and kept him informed of the enemy's movements. During the engagement, the enemy made several attempts to retake the house and barn, but were repulsed with heavy loss, our men fighting with a desperation never before witnessed, and at times at a range of not over 50 yards. Company A was detached to support a portion of General Graham's line on our right. They advanced to the brick house on the right of the Emmitsburg road, holding their position until overpowered by a superior force. The most of General Graham's force having retired, we held our position until about 7 p. m., when the left had retired so far that we were in danger of being flanked. We retired in good order, and assisted in bringing off a portion of two batteries. It was at this time that the colonel was wounded, and I assumed command, he having remained mounted during the entire engagement, and constantly on the skirmish line cheering the men on. We l rejoined the brigade where it was formed at the commencement, when we were marched across the Taneytown road, and bivouacked for the night. Our loss was as follows:
 Officers and men.Killed.Wounded.Missing.TotalOfficers.....3....3Enlisted men728742Total(*)731745
On the morning of the 3d, we moved forward to the first position occupied on the 2d, and were formed the same, where we remained till about 3 p. m. Thence we were moved off by the right flank at double-quick to where the enemy was trying to pierce our center. The regiment was here detached, and sent to the support of the Second Division, Second Corps, where we assisted in repulsing the enemy, who had succeeded in breaking through a portion of their line. The regiment occupied the front line till the morning of the 5th, when we rejoined our brigade. No casualties occurred to the regiment during this day's action. In closing this report, I cannot particularize any of the officers or men, but I am proud to state that they did their duty without an exception.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN S. PIERCE,

Lieutenant Colonel, Comdg. Third Regiment Michigan Volunteers.

Captain BEN. M. PIATT, Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brig., First Div., Third Corps.

