
Numbers 155. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John Pulford, Fifth Michigan Infantry.

CAMP NEAR SULPHUR SPRINGS, VA., August 2, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report to the major-general commanding First Division, Third Corps, through you, the part taken by my regiment in the battle of Gettysburg, on July 2 and 3. About 1 p. m. on the 2d, I was detached from the brigade and ordered to the front to support Tidball's battery. I formed a line of battle to the right of the battery, and remained in this position about one hour, when I received an order from Major-General Birney to rejoin my brigade, which I did. I was then ordered to form on the left of the first line of our brigade, which I did. About 4 p. m. I received orders from Colonel R. de Trobriand, commanding brigade, to take my regiment of the front, and deploy three companies as skirmishers. I executed this order, and, having advanced about 200 rods, I was met by the enemy, who attacked in force and drove in my skirmishers. I opened fire from the battalion reserve about 4. 30 p. m. We continued firing until 6. 30 p. m., under the direction of the brigade commander, when I was ordered to rejoin the brigade, and retired with the same to an open field a short distance in the rear, where we bivouacked for the night. On the morning of the 3d, I advanced with the brigade to a belt of woods, being the same ground occupied the day previous, where I formed a line of battle to the right of the brigade. I remained in this position till about 2 p. m., when I moved with the brigade about 1 mile to the right, where I remained till about 6. 30 p. m. under nearly a continuous artillery fire, but without any occurrences worthy of special mention. I cannot make honorable mention of any particular officer or man, but take much pleasure in reporting that all did their duty most nobly.

All of which is very respectfully submitted.

JOHN PULFORD,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Fifth Michigan Volunteers.

Captain F. BIRNEY, Assistant Adjutant- General. Recapitulation.
 Officers and men.Killed.Wounded.Missing.TotalOfficers.2810Enlisted men1774495Total(*)19824105
---------------

* But see revised statement, p. 178.

---------------

