
In moving in, my command suffered terribly, and here I have to regret the loss of one of my bravest and best officers, Lieutenant William H. H. Johnson, who was acting adjutant. While nobly and gallantly urging on the men, he was killed instantly by a Minie ball. I sustained also the loss of many of my bravest and most faithful men, who nobly fell in the performance of their sacred duty, facing the enemy of our country. It becomes my painful duty also to record the loss by wounds of many of my best officers and most worthy men. Among the number was the gallant and brave Lieutenant Colonel Augustus J. Warner, who received a severe wound in the leg while rendering me the most valuable assistance. Captain M. M. Cannon and Lieutenants W. H. Gilder and R. M. Boody also received severe wounds while greatly distinguishing themselves at their post of duty. An overpowering force of the enemy again compelled us to fall back, when I again rallied the scattered remnant of my command, and made a stand near the position occupied by Captain Winslow's battery, when I received orders from Captain J. C. Briscoe to more my command back to join the brigade, but I was not able to find the brigade, when I was ordered to bivouac for the night in rear of the position first occupied before the battle. Early upon the following morning, moved to the position first occupied before the battle, to the support of the Fifth Corps, where we remained until the middle of the afternoon, when I received orders to move by the flank, following the brigade, to the right and rear, to the support of the batteries placed in position in an open field, in anticipation of a concentrated movement of the enemy upon this point. Here I sustained the loss of several men from the terrific fire of the enemy's batteries. We remained in this position until night, when I received orders from Colonel de Trobriand to move my regiment by the flank to the front for picket duty. I established my line, in pursuance of orders, about 200 yards from the Emmitsburg road and parallel with it. Early next morning was relieved, it being ascertained that the enemy had evacuated, and rejoined the brigade about 400 yards to the rear, when I was again moved with the brigade back to the position occupied in the afternoon of the previous day. Here bivouacked for the night. The next morning my command was moved with the brigade to the woods first occupied on the morning of the 2nd instant, to await orders to follow up the fleeing enemy. In concluding this report, it becomes my duty, as well as pleasure, to make the highest mention of Captain B. M. Piatt, assistant adjutant-general, Third Brigade. Too much cannot be said of this brave and gallant officer. Always cool under the most trying circumstances, by his courage and example he afforded services that were of infinite value in restoring order to my command. When his horse was shot under him, he still remained in the van, always by my side, greatly distinguishing himself by noble conduct. The highest praise is also due to Captain J. C. Briscoe for the valuable services he rendered at a time when most required. Among the officers of my command who escaped injury, it is difficult to select the most deserving; each nobly performed his duty to my entire satisfaction. The color guard, under Sergt. Andrew J. Wadleigh, well sustained

