
the former reputation of that corps. They were foremost in the advance, and raised the noble ensign defiantly.

Respectfully submitting the above, I am, captain, your obedient servant,

T. W. EGAN,

Colonel Fortieth New York Volunteers.

Captain BEN. M. PIATT, Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

Recapitulation.
 Officers and men.Killed.Wounded.Missing.TotalOfficers.16....7Enlisted men281145147Total(*)291205154
Numbers 157. Report of Major Isaac Rogers, One hundred and tenth Pennsylvania Infantry.

NEAR WARRENTON, VA., August 4, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report to Major-General Birney, through you, the part the One hundred and tenth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers took in the battle of Gettysburg, Pa., on July 2 and 3. After arriving as far to the front as was deemed prudent, the regiment was moved off the road with the brigade in the edge of a woods to the right. At 1 p. m. Lieutenant-Colonel Jones, commanding regiment, was ordered to more forward to a piece of woods and form a line of battle. After this was done, he was ordered to me within supporting distance of our skirmishers, which was promptly and calmly done under fire of artillery. After being in this position until 3. 30 p. m., the lieutenant-colonel was ordered by staff officer to advance 50 paces and join the brigade on the right, under a heavy fire of artillery, which was done with much coolness. After getting established in this position, the skirmishers were driven back, when the general engagement commenced at 4 p. m. Here Lieutenant Colonel David M. Jones was severely wounded, and the command of the regiment was given over to me. The battle continued with a determination on both sides to conquer or die until 6 p. m., when the enemy in our front fell back, and the order to cease firing was given. This being done, I was ordered by a staff officer to fall back and give place to fresh troops, which was done, moving through a piece of woods, where the brigade was bivouacked for the night. Here my command was prepared for action on the following day. Early on the morning of the 3d, I was ordered to move a short distance to the right, behind a piece of woods and near corps head-

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 178.

---------------

