
quarters. After being in this position forty minuter, I was ordered to take up a position on the same ground occupied by this regiment the day before, previous to going into action. At 1. 30 p. m. I was ordered to move forward to a stone fence. Soon after being in this position, I was ordered to change position, and was conducted to the right, behind a battery, where I remained during the afternoon. The fire of the artillery was kept up all afternoon. The casualties in my command, through, were trifling, 2 men being slightly wounded. At 8 p. m. I was ordered to move forward to act as a picket during the night, which was done. Here we remained until morning behind temporary earthworks. My command behaved well during the two day's battle, and as all did well and deserve praise, I will not particularly speak of any one.
 Officers and men.Killed.Wounded.Missing.Total loss.Officers.16....66Enlisted men13683947Total(*)15284553
Among the officers wounded was Lieutenant Colonel David M. Jones.

I am, sir, most respectfully, your obedient servant.

ISAAC ROGERS,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, First Division, Third Army Corps.

Numbers 158. Report of Brigadier General Andrew A. Humphreys, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division.

CAMP, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, August 16, 1863.

COLONEL: I submit, for the information of the major-general commanding Third Corps, the following report of the operations of my division (Second Division, Third Corps) during the recent campaign, up to July 9, on the morning of which day I was relieved from the command of the division, having been appointed chief of staff at the headquarters of this army: On June 11, about midday, while undamped near Falmouth, Va., orders were received by me from the headquarters of the corps to march at 2 o'clock on the Warrenton road, which order was complied with, the division bivouacking for the night at Hartwood Church. The march was resumed the next morning at 6 o'clock, my division leading. Upon arriving at Morrisville, I was directed to move to the Rappahannock River, and cover that part of it from Wheatley's Ford, near Kellysville, to Beverly Ford, near the upper forks; to throw up

34 R R - VOL XXVII, PT I

