
mac, so as to attack your left. But of that it is impossible to judge until we know where Lee's army is. No large body has appeared either in Maryland or Western Virginia.

H. W. HALLECK

General-in-Chief

June 19, 1863 - 7:30 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK:

Reports just received from General Pleasonton, at Aldie, state General [D. McM.] Gregg has been fighting nearly all day - driven the enemy through Middleburg, in the direction of Upperville; has already sent in between 50 and 60 prisoners, one a lieutenant-colonel, and a number of officers of less rank, all from North Carolina. The force encountered was [B. H.] Robertson's brigade, North Carolina troops, supported by two other brigades, all under the command of Stuart. Considerable loss inflicted upon the enemy.

My corps are to-night as follows:

Twelfth, Slocum, Leesburg.

Eleventh, Howard on Goose Creek, 4 miles from Leeburg, toward Aldie.

Fifth, Meade, at Aldie.

First, Reynolds, at Herndon Station and vicinity, on Loudoun and Hampshire Railroad.

Third, Birney, at Gum Spring.

Second, Hancock, at Centreville.

Sixth, Sedgwick, at Germantown.

Pleasonton rests his cavalry at Aldie to-night.

Notwithstanding dispatch sent me by General Tyler, at Williamsport, his [Lee's] delay in my front has caused me to doubt his intention of throwing over any considerable force on Maryland shore. It is the impression of General Pleasonton that his infantry are still on opposite side of Blue Ridge, and it is his intention to attack in this direction.

JOSEPH HALLECK

Major-General

June 20, 1863 - 5:30 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK:

I have moved up Second Corps to Thoroughfare Gap; a division of Second Corps at Gainesville; a division of Sixth Corps at Bristoe; other forces unchanged.

Pleasonton reports Stuart's force in front of him, beyond Middleburg. He will attack him with all of his available command early to-morrow. Their cavalry have mounted infantry with them. Infantry soldiers captured report to Pleasonton that Longstreet's rear passed through the Blue Ridge yesterday. I have directed a bridge to be laid at Edward's Ferry to-night.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General

WASHINGTON, June 21, 1863 - 9 a. m.

Major-General HOOKER:

Operator at Leesburg just now tells us that firing commenced about 7 this morning in the direction from here of Aldie's Gap and Mid-

