
such works and make such defensive arrangements as would render it impracticable for the enemy to cross in my front. It was past midnight of the 12th before my command, after a march of from 22 to 25 miles, was in position at all the fords, it having been posted under my own supervision. Rifle-pits and batteries were thrown up at the crossing, and the railroad bridge was rendered impassable. On the afternoon of the 13th, the Second Brigade rejoined the division, having been on picket on the 11th, from which it was not relieved until between midnight and morning of the 12th. On the morning of the 14th, before daylight, it was marched to Kelly's Ford, to relieve the detachments of the Fifth Corps holding that ford. On the evening of the 14th, in compliance with orders from the corps commander, as soon as it was sufficiently dark to conceal the movement of my troops, the division was concentrated on the railroad, and the march to Manassas Junction was begun. I reached Cedar Run, near Catlett's Station, between 7 and 8 a. m. of the 15th, where, by authority of the corps commander, the division was halted for rest until 2 p. m., when the march was resumed. It was painful in the extreme, for owing to the long-continued drought, streams, usually of considerable magnitude, were dried up, the dust lay some inches deep on the roadway, and the fields were equally uncomfortable. The suffering from heat, dust, thirst, fatigue, and exhaustion was very great. It was near midnight when the division reached Manassas Junction, after a march varying in the different brigades from 25 to 29 miles. On the 16th, we remained at Manassas Junction, resting. On the 17th, marched to Centreville, and on the 19th to Gum Springs, where the division remained until the 25th, when at 10 a. m. it marched to Edwards Ferry, through Fairfarm and Franklinville, and crossing the Potomac on the pontoon bridge about 5 p. m., marched on the tow-path of the canal to the moth of the Monocacy, reaching that point about midnight, after a march of not less than 25 miles, that portion on the tow-path being rendered very fatiguing and exhausting by a heavy rain that set in at nightfall. The whole command, officers and men, were more exhausted by this march then by that of the 14th and 15th. On the 26th, marched to the vicinity of the Point of Rocks, and bivouacked on the farm of Dr. Duvall, near the summit of the Catoctin Mountain. On the 27th, marched to the vicinity of Middletown, on the Hagerstown pike, via Jefferson. On the 28th, marched through Frederick, crossed the Monocacy 3 miles above, and bivouacked for the night 7 miles from that town, on the Woodsborough road. On the 29th, marched to Taneytown through Woodsborough and Bruceville. On the 30th, made a short march after midday on the road to Emmitsburg, bivouacking about midway between the two places. On July 1, marched through Emmitsburg, and halted 1 mile out of the town, on the Waynesborough pike. While I was engaged in a careful examination of the ground in front of Emmitsburg, the division was ordered at 3 p. m. to move up to Gettysburg, 12 ; miles distant, where an engagement had taken place between the two corps of Generals Reynolds and Howard (the First and Eleventh Corps) and the enemy.

