
wood was occupied by the enemy, whose pickets were exchanging shots from an early hour in the morning with our pickets thrown our beyond the road on the westerly slope. The front allotted to me admitted of my forming the First Brigade, commanded by Brigadier General Joseph B. Carr, in line of battle, with one regiment of the Second Brigade on its left, the Seventy-first New York (Second Excelsior), commanded by Colonel H. L. Potter. The Second Brigade, commanded by Colonel W. R. Brewster, was formed in line of battalions in mass 200 yards in rear of the first line, and the Third Brigade, commanded by Colonel George C. Burling, was massed 200 yards in rear of the second line, opposite its center. On the east side of the Emmitsburg road, opposite the middle of my line, was a log house surrounded by an orchard. This I occupied with the Seventy-third New York (Fourth Excelsior), Second Brigade, Major M. W. Burns commanding. This regiment was subsequently relieved by the Sixteenth Massachusetts, First Brigade. A series of peach orchards extended to the left along the Emmitsburg road some distance beyond the point where the road from Marsh Run crosses the Emmitsburg road. This Marsh Run road extended over to the Taneytown road and Baltimore pike, crossing the former just north of the Round Top. The ground occupied by my division and in my front was open. Communication with all points of it had been made easy be removing such of the fences as were in the way. Seeley's battery (K, Fourth U. S. Artillery) was placed at my disposal. Shortly after these dispositions were made, I was directed to move my Third Brigade to the rear of the right of General Birney's division, and make it subject to his order for support, which was accordingly done. I was at the same time authorized to draw support, should I need it, from General Caldwell's division, Second Corps, and by General Hunt, chief of artillery, was authorized to draw from the Artillery Reserve should I require more. About 4 p. m., in compliance with General Sickles' orders, I moved my division forward, so that the first line ran along the Emmitsburg road a short distance behind the crest upon which that road lies. At the same time I ordered Lieutenant Seeley to place his battery in position on the right of the log house. As the division moved forward in two lines, as heretofore described, the enemy opened with artillery, which enfiladed us from the left, and subsequently with artillery on our front, both with but little effect. In reply to my inquiry whether I should attack, I was directed to remain in position. Lieutenant Seeley's battery was transferred to the left of the log house, and soon silenced the battery was transferred to the left of the log house, and soon silenced the battery in our front. The position he vacated was immediately occupied by a battery (parts of F and K, Third U. S. Artillery) commanded by Lieutenant J. G. Turnbull, sent at my request from the Artillery Reserve. Captain Ransom, Third U. S. Artillery, while engaged in supervising the posting of this battery, was severely wounded. The division on my left was now engaged with the enemy's infantry, which in my front merely made demonstrations, but did not drive in my pickets. Colonel Sewell, commanding the Fifth New Jersey Volunteers, of my Third Brigade, reported to me at this time and relieved the pickets of General Graham's brigade (on my left), some of which extended over a part of my front. This regiment had been posted but a short time when a most urgent request was made by a staff officer of Gen-

