
of the adjutant-general's department, my special aide; Captain William Henry Chester, special aide, mortally wounded; and Lieutenant H. H. Humphroys, aide, wounded. I beg leave also to express my sense of the obligations I am under for valuable services rendered me on the field by Major Charles Hamlin, assistant adjutant-general; Captain A. F. Cavada, assistant inspecstor-general, and my aide, Lieutenant Henry C. Christiancy. The judicious disposition by the latter of the re-enforcements he brought me is particularly deserving of mention. The officers whose gallant and meritorious conduct General Carr brings to my notice are, using the language of General Carr: Colonel Robert McAllister, commanding Eleventh New Jersey Volunteers, twice wounded; Lieutenant Colonel Porter D. Tripp, commanding Eleventh Massachusetts Volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel Waldo Mersriam, commanding Sixteenth Massachusetts Volunteers, wounded; Major Robert L. Bodine, commanding Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers; Major Philip J. Kearny, Eleventh New Jersey Volunteers, seriously wounded, since dead; Major McDonald, Eleventh Massachusetts Volunteers, wounded; Captain Tomlinson, Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers, acting lieutenant-colonel; Captain Goodfellow, Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers, wounded, but remained in command of his regiment; and to the following officers of my staff, to whom my sincere thanks are due for valuable services rendered: Captain Le Grand Benedict, assistant adjutant-general; Captain George E. Henry, First Massachusetts Volunteers, acting aide-de-camp, and Lieutenant John Oldershaw, Eleventh New Jersey Volunteers, acting assistant inspector-general. Colonel Brewster's mention of those of his brigade distinguished for their conduct is as follows: The conduct and bearing of both officers and men was so good under the fatigues of the long and tiresome marches, and so gallant, brave, and steady in action, that it is almost impossible to particularize individual acts. It is enough to say that every officer and man in the command seemed determined to sustain the reputation of the brigade, earned on many a hard-fought field, and how well they succeeded is best shown by the loss sustained. The members of my staff-Adj. General J. P. Finkelmeier, Captain George Le Fort, acting assistant inspector-general, and Lieutenants J. A. Smith and Belger-/were very active in the field, and behaved in the most gallant manner, conveying my orders under the hottest fire. Major Finkelmeier and Captain Le Fort were both wounded, and obliged to leave the field before the action was over. *** Colonel John S. Austin, Third Excelsior, Asst. Serg. Joseph D. Stewart, Fifth Excelsior, and Lieutenant Colonel C. LD. Westbrook, One hundred and twentieth New York Volunteers, were also wounded. Colonel George C. Burling, commanding Third Brigade, expresses himself in relation to the conduct of his brigade in the following terms: During the two days of fighting, both officer sand men behaved with their usual gallantry. I thank Captain T. W. Eayre, assistant adjutant-general; Captain J. W. Crawford, acting commissary of subsistence; Lieutenant Bruen, acting aide-decamp, and Lieutenant Clark, ambulance officer, for their gallantry and promptness in conveying orders. the last named was mortally wounded, and died on the field. Colonel Sewell's conspicuous gallantry in the maintenance of his post has been already mentioned by me. he was severely wounded soon after his regiment rejoined the main line. The enemy having been driven from the field, I formed my division on the left of Hancock's (Second) corps, along the Round Top ridge, where it remained during The night. Parties were at once sent out to bring in the wounded. Lieutenant [William J.] Rusling, ambulance officer, was promptly on the ground. At daylight on the 3d. the enemy opened a brisk artillery fire upon

