
my division, which, however, soon abated. About sunrise, by order of General Birney, I moved my division to the left and rear, to resupply ammunition, distribute rations, and bring up stragglers. My Third Brigade joined me here. After an hour thus spent, my division was moved to the front again, and massed in rear of the right of the First and left of the Second Corps, a disposition which was soon changed, my division being moved to the left, and massed in rear and support of the Fifth Corps and part of the Sixth Corps, near where the Marsh Run road passes by the Round Top. It remained thus posted until about 4. 30 o'clock, when it was moved rapidly to the right, and formed in mass by battalion in rear and support of the left of the Second and right of the First Corps, several batteries being in position in my front. Here it remained until dusk, losing several valuable officers and large number of men from the enemy's artillery fire. My special aide, Captain McClellan, was wounded. At dusk, the position was resumed in rear of the Fifth And sixth Corps, where my division remained during July 4, 5, and 6, engaged in bringing in the wounded, burying the dead, and collecting arms. My thanks are due to Captain G. S. Russell, provost-marshal of the division, for the faithful manner in which the duties of his command were performed in the battle. It was judiciously posted, but from the nature of the ground was subjected to constant fire, causing the loss of several men. The great distance of the hospital from the field and the necessity of my continued presence with the division prevented my making tho visits to it which I had been in the habit of doing. My staff officers were sent by me to see to the wounded. Surgeon Calhoun, medical director of my division, was placed in charge of the corps hospital, owing to the absence of the corps medical director, and aided by Serg. C. K. Irwin, acting medical director of the division, and its medical officers, gave every possible attention and skillful treatment to those whom the fortunes of the combat brought upon his hands. The enterprise and energy of Captain [B. Weller Hoxie, ordnance officer of the division, entitle him to my thanks, which are also due, for the faithful performance of duty, to Captain [James D.] Earle, commissary of subsistence, and Captain [Thomas P.] Johnston, assistant quartermaster. At 3 a. m. of the 7th, my division marched on the Emmitsbaurg road, and bivouacked for the night at Mechanicsville, 9 miles south of Emmitsburg. At 6 a. m. of the *the, the march was resumed for Middletown, on the Frederick and Hagerstown pike, by way of Hamburg and the mountain pass in that vicinity, but in consequence of the heavy rains of the night and morning, the roads being nearly impassable, the route was changed to that through Frederick, and the division bivouacked from 2 to 3 miles beyond Frederick, and about 4 miles from Middletown. At midnight I received directins to join the headquarters of the army at Middletown, having been announced in orders as chief of staff of the Army of the Potomac, directions that I complied with at once, turning over the command of the division to Brigadier-General Carr. In parting from this celebrated division, after having commanded it for the brief period of fifty days, I trust that I may be excused for expressing my admiration for its high soldierly qualities. It is impossible to pass it in review, even without perceiving that its ranks are filled with men who are solders in the best meaning of

