
Colonel J. Egbert Farnum, First Excelsior Regiment, commanding Second Brigade:Colonel George C. Burling, Sixth New Jersey Volunteers, commanding Third Brigade; Also the report of Captain John W. Holmes. U. S. Volunteers, provost-marshal of this division, of prisoners taken at Front Royal. May I be permitted to mention the staff officers to whom I am indebted for correct transmission of my orders in these arduous operations? They were: Captain George S. Russell, aide-de-camp; Captain John W. Holmes, division provost-marshal; First Lieutenant Albert Ordway, aide-de-camp and acting assistant adjutant-general, and Second Lieutenant L. F. Haskell, aide-de-camp and acting assistant inspector-general. Lieutenant Haskell was the only one of my personal staff in the battle of Cedar Mountain who survived the wounds received there. I regret to see that gallantry such as he exhibited there and at Pea Ridge and the first Bull Run receives no notice by brevet or otherwise from the Government. He bore my orders on the 23rd into the thickest of the fight.

Very respectfully your obedient servant,

HENRY PRINCE,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Comdg. Division.

Captain W. F. A. TORBERT, A. D. C. AND A. A. A. G., Third Army Corps.

The above report omits to state what is found in the accompanying reports from brigades, viz, that on July 23 the following detachments were made, pursuant to orders received from

headquarters of the Third Corps, viz, one regiment (the Seventh New Jersey Volunteers) to support battery on the heights commanding Chester Gap; one regiment (the First Massachusetts Volunteers) to report to General Ward, immediately in our front; one regiment (the Twenty sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers) to support Winslow's battery, north of the road, and one regiment (the One hundred and twentieth New York Volunteers) to picket the road to Chester Gap. During the action, while advancing with, close in rear of, and supporting the First Division of this corps, I received orders from the headquarters of the corps to direct General Spinola to report with the Second Brigade to General Ward, commanding the First Division. At the summit of the ridge I learned from General Ward in person that he did not take the command of General Spinola and that his brigade was returned to my command. July 26. -Left bivouac at 5. 4 a. m. ; passed through Warrenton at 9 a. m., and bivouacked 3 miles from Warrenton, on the Sulphur Springs road.

Respectfully submitted.

HENRY PRINCE,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Captain W. H. HILL, Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Army Corps.

[Inclosure.]

Recapitulation of losses at Manassas Gap, Va., July 23, 1863.O	Officers. B Total wounded.M	Enlisted men. C Aggregate.A	Total killed.  ---Killed.-----Wounded.-Command.OMAOMBCFirst Brigade................111Second Brigade315181565975Third Brigade................222Total315181596278
