
ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS, August 26, 1863.

GENERAL: In looking over the report of Brigadier_General Prince, commanding Second Division of the corps, in the affair at Wapping Heights, I find the following: At this juncture I received permission from corps headquarters to employ my division where I saw best. I then directed Brigadier-General Spinola to march his brigade (the Excelsior) by flank along the hollow, then in our view, winding to the front and center of the high ridge on which we stood, keeping on the lowest ground within it, and, on debouching from it by the left flank, to advance in line by his proper front up the hill he would find himself at the base of, and take it &amp;c. This latter sentence taken in connection with the one which precedes it would leave the impression that the change of the Excelsior Brigade originated with General Prince. I am satisfied that such could never have been the intention of the general, and consider it nothing more than right that I should say that I conveyed the order to General Prince from General French, directing him to make the attack, and pointed out to him the route to be taken by General Spinola, and then General Prince replied to me that he would head the attack or govern the movement himself, or words to that effect.

I am, general, yours, respectfully,J. HAYDEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, and Assistant Inspector-General.

Major-General FRENCH, Commanding Third Army Corps.

Numbers 160. Reports of Brigadier General Joseph B. Carr, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., SECOND DIV., THIRD CORPS,Camp near Beverly Ford, Va., August 1, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with orders from headquarters Second Division, Third Corps, I have the honor to transmit the following report of the operations of my command from the beginning of the campaign up to and including the 8th ultimo: On Thursday, June 11, by direction of the division commander, I broke camp, marched my command to Hartwood Church, and bivouacked for the night. At 6 a. m. on Friday, June 12, took up the line of march toward Rappahannock Station, reaching that point at 7. 30 p. m. Here, by order of Major Hamlin, assistant adjutant-general of division, I formed my command in a field, in column of regiments, and soon after moved out and advanced to near Beverly Ford, reaching that place at 10 p. m., establishing a picket line along the river and at the ford. During this day's march, nearly 25 miles, many men were compelled to quit the ranks in consequence of exhaustion, consequent upon the excessive heat and unusually dusty roads. On Saturday, June 13, at 9 p. m., a detail for 200 men reported at brigade headquarters, in accordance with instructions, for the purpose of throwing up entrenchments, but as the tools did not arrive

