
until 2 a. m. on Sunday, June 14, work was not commenced until that hour. At 9 p. m. moved from Beverly Ford, passing Bealeton at 10 p. m. Monday, June 15, reached Warrenton Junction at 8 a. m., and halted one-half mile from the station. At 1 p. m. left the Sejunction and marched to Manassas. This march was one of the most severe in mu experience, the air being almost suffocating, the dust blinding, and the heat intolerable. Many men suffered from coup de soleil, and a large number sank by the wayside, utterly helpless and exhausted. At 2 o'clock on the morning of Tuesday, June 16, my brigade halted and went into bivouac. At noon the location of my camp was changed a short distance to the right and rear, where the men were permitted to rest. At 10 a. m. on Wednesday, June 17, I moved 2 miles in the direction of Centreville, and halted in a grove by the side of Bull Run Creek, to enable my men to bathe. At 4 p. m. I pushed on to Centreville, and went into camp at 7 p. m. near a fine stream of water. On Thursday, June 18. at 6 p. m., changed location of camp 1 mile to the right, and established picket line, with Colonel McAllister, Eleventh New Jersey Volunteers, as officer of the day. At 2. 45 p. m. on Friday, June 19, we marched to Gum Springs, reaching that place at 7 p. m., and immediately throwing out picket detail, consisting of the First and Eleventh Massachusetts Volunteers And Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers. On Thursday, June 25, received orders to be in readiness to move at 5. 40 a. m. ; moved at 10 a. m., passing through Fairfarm and Franklinville, and crossing the Potomac into Maryland at 5 p. m. Marched along the canal to the Moncacy Aqueduct, halting at 1 o'clock on the morning of Friday, June 26, with about 300 men, the remainder having fallen out during the march, weary and exhausted. Early in the morning I sent back a field officer, who brought up the stragglers at 10 a. m. At 11 a. m. marched to Point of Rocks, and bivouacked at 5 p. m. On Saturday, June 27, marched to Jefferson, and halted for two hours. At 1 p. m. left Jefferson, and marched to Burkittsville, where I relieved brigade from the - Corps, and threw out a strong picket force. At 9. 20 a. m. on Sunday, June 28, left Burkittsville, and marched to Middletown, halting an hour for dinner. Pushed on to Frederick, passing through the city at 6 p. m. ; halted just outside the city for supper, and then crossed the Monocacy, going into bivouac at 10. 30 p. m. Monday, June 29, left at 5. 20 a. m., and marched to Taneytown, passing through Walkersville, Woodsborough, and Ladiesburg. At 4. 20 p. m. on Tuesday, June 30, left Taneytown, and marched to Bridgeport, going into bivouac at 6. 30 p. m. At 8 a. m. on Wednesday, July 1, left bridgeport, and marched to Emmitsburg, reaching that place at 1. 15 p. m. After a halt of two hours, received orders to move with all possible haste to Gettysburg, as General Howard, commanding Eleventh Corps, had attacked the enemy and been repulsed. General Humphreys, commanding the division, being absent by orders from corps headquarters, for the purpose of selecting a position for the corps, and believing the enemy

