
until 4 p. m., when the enemy advanced in force, and a general engagement took place. We retired, and formed line of battle in connection with the brigade, fighting until dark closed the contest; bivouacked on the battle-field at night. July 3. -Skirmishing commenced at daylight; heavy fighting on right of line. At 9 a. m. were moved to the front, as support to the right wing of the army. At 10 a. m. changed to left wing of the army, and at 12. 30 p. m. again moved to the center, where we remained until 7 p. m. ; again changed position to the left, and went into bivouac for the night. July 4. -In bivouac; no movement. July 5. -Captain Stone, Company D, in charge of burying party.

July 6. -Remained in bivouac all day.

July 7. -Moved at 3 a. m. ; marched 7 miles, and halted for breakfast; continued the march to Mechanicstown, a distance in all of 17 miles, and bivouacked at 5 p. m.

July 8. -Moved at 6. 30 a. m. ; marched 23 miles, and went into bivouac 3 miles beyond Frederick City at 8. 30 p. m.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

C. B. BALDWIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. First Massachusetts.

Captain LE GRAND BENEDICT, Assistant-General.

No. 162. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Porter D. Tripp, Eleventh Massachusetts Infantry.

BIVOUAC NEAR WARRENTON, VA.,

July 27, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to instructions from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to report the following movements of this regiment during the late campaign of this army, up to and including the 8th instant; On June 11, orders were received to march. The regiment left camp about 3 p. m., and marched to Hartwood Church, where we remained all night. Next morning proceeded toward Beverly Ford, where we arrived at 10 p. m. on the 12th ultimo. Left Beverly Ford on the 14th ultimo, at about 8, 30 p. m., and proceeded to Warrenton Junction, where we arrived at 8. 30 a. m. on the 15th ultimo. Left Warrenton Junction at 1 p. m. the same day, and marched to Manassas Junction, and from thence to Centreville Heights, where we arrived at 5 p. m. on the 17th ultimo. We remained here until 1 p. m. on the 19th ultimo, when we took up the line of march toward Gum Springs, where we arrived the same night at 8. 30 o'clock. The regiment was immediately sent out on picket duty. Was relieved from picket on the 20th ultimo at 4 p. m., and joined the rest of the brigade. We remained at Gum Springs until the 25th ultimo, when we took

