
up the line of march to Poolesville, Md., by way of Goose Creek and Edwads Ferry, where we arrived at l a. m. On the 26th ultimo, marched to Point of Rocks, Md., where we remained until 8 a. m. on the 27th ultimo, when we proceeded to Jefferson, and from there to Burkittsville, where we halted for the night. Left Burkittsville next morning at 8 a. m., and marched to Middletown, and from there to Frederick, where we encamped 4 miles outside the town for the night. Left Frederick next morning at 6 a. m., and marched to Taneytown, where we arrived at 6 p. m. on the 29th ultimo. Left Taneytown at 3 p. m. on the 30th ultimo, and marched to Bridgeport, a distance of 4 miles, where we halted for the night. Left Bridgeport at 7 a. m. on July 1, and marched through Emmitsburg to Gettysburg, Pa., where we arrived at 2 a. m. on the 2nd instant. At 8 a. m. the same day orders were received to move to the front to support a line of skirmishers, in which position we remained until 3 p. m., when the regiment was ordered into line of battle to withstand a charge made by the enemy, led by General Barksdale, of Mississippi. The regiment was engaged with the enemy until 8 p. m. on the 2nd instant, having made two distinct charges and helping to repulse the enemy from that pint. We were ordered to fall back to the edge of the woods, where we remained until 3 p. m. on the 3rd instant, when we were moved at double-quick to the front. We lay in line of battle of brigades until 6 p. m., when we again fell back to the edge of the woods. The less in this regiment during the 2nd and 3rd instant was-
 Officers and men.Killed.Wounded.Missing.TotalOfficers.17210Enlisted men228910121Total239612131
We remained near Gettysburg until the morning of the 5th instant, when we marched back through Emmitsburg, and encamped for the night at Mechanicstown, a distance of 18 miles from Gettysburg. Left Mechanicstown next morning, and marched through Frederick, Md., and encamped about 2 miles outside of the city for the night. Left camp next morning, and marched through Fox's Gap, a mile beyond South Mountain, where we encamped for the night. During this campaign the men suffered from excessive heat and long marches, both day and night sometimes without any rest for forty-eight hours; yet they; met the enemy with cheerfulness, and aided in driving him from the soil of Pennsylvania and Maryland.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PORTER D. TRIPP,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain LE GRAND BENEDICT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

