
WASHINGTON, June 22, 1863.

Major-General HOOKER:

Operator at Leesburg just now says:

I heard very little firing this a. m. about daylight, but it seems to have stopped now. It was in about the same direction as yesterday, but farther off:

A. LINCOLN,

WASHINGTON, D. C., June 22, 1863 - 3:15 p. m.

Major-General HOOKER,

Army of the Potomac:

In order to give compactness to the command of the troops in the field covering Washington and Baltimore, it is proposed to place that part of the Middle Department east of Cumberland, now commanded by General Schenck, under your direct orders. The President directs me to ask you if that arrangement would be agreeable. Please answer as early as possible.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

June 22, 1863 - 4:30 p. m. (Received 4:45 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

Your telegram of 3:15 p. m. to-day is received. In reply, I have to state yes, provided that the same authority is continued to me that I now have, which is to give orders direct to the troops in the departments of Generals Schenck and Heintzelman.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 24, 1863.

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The aspect of the enemy is not much changed from yesterday. Ewell, I conclude, is over the river, and now is up the country, I suppose, for purposes of plunder. The yeomanry of that district should be able to check any extended advance of that column, and protect themselves from their aggression.

Of the troops that marched to the river at Shepherdstown yesterday, I cannot learn that any have crossed, and as soon as I do I shall commence moving, myself, and, indeed, am preparing my new acquisitions for that event; the others are ready. General French is now on his way to Harper's Ferry, and I have given directions for the force at Poolesville to march and report to him, and also for all of Stahel's cavalry, and, if I can do it without attracting observation, I shall send over a corps or two from here, in order, if possible, to sever Ewell from the balance of the rebel army, in case he should make a protracted sojourn with his Pennsylvania neighbors.

If the enemy should conclude not to throw any additional force over the river, I desire to make Washington secure, and, with all the force I can muster, strike for his line of retreat in the direction of Richmond.

