
arriving about 5 p. m. ; bivouacked for the night in woods in rear of the town. Tuesday, June 30, the regiment was mustered for pay; started, and marched about 4 miles outside of Taneytown; halted, and bivouacked for the night. Wednesday, July 1, started about 9 a. m. ; marched to Emmitsburg and rested, expecting to stay all night, but got orders to start; marched toward Gettysburg; got on wrong road; about-faced, and marched toward Gettysburg, arriving some 3 miles from it at 1 a. m. ; lay down and slept. Thursday, July 2, up at daylight. At 8 a. m. were ordered into line of battle; lay down behind the stacks; skirmishing going on in front. At 4 p. m. we were ordered to advance in line of battle to an orchard; lay down under the crest of a hill. Soon after, the battle commenced in earnest. We were attacked in front and on the

flank. Our men stood it bravely until overpowered by numbers; were forced to fall back a distance of 300 yards, when they again rallied, and drove the enemy back to their original lines. Our regiment lost, in killed, wounded, and missing, 81 officers and men. Friday, July 3, at 6 a. m., cannonading commenced on our right. Our regiment, with the corps, was marched to a piece of woods, where it drew three days' rations, the first it had for thirty-six hours. Lay in reserve until 3 p. m., when we were ordered to support a battery, at which time we had 1 officer wounded; firing ceased about 6 p. m. ; we were ordered back to the woods; passed a quiet night. Saturday, July 4, up at 2. 30 a. m. ; no firing in our front; a little skirmishing on our right; the day closed with a report that the enemy were skedaddling. Sunday, July 5, up early; all quiet; received orders to be ready to start at 6 a. m. Monday, July 6, remained in woods all day; again received orders to start at 3 o'clock next morning. Tuesday, July 7, started at 3 a. m. ; the roads were in very bad condition owing to late rains; halted half an hour to get breakfast near Monocacy River; off again, and marched through Emmitsburg; 11. 30 o'clock, halted and had dinner; started again, and marched to Mechanicstown; bivouacked for the night. Wednesday, July 8, started at 8 a. m. ; marched to Frederick City, passing through several small villages on the way; heavy rain all forenoon; roads in bad condition; we marched through the city at sundown, and bivouacked for the night 1 mile outside.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. DONOVAN,

Captain, Comdg. Sixteenth Regiment Mass. Vols.

Captain LE GRAND BENEDICT,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Brig., Second Div., Third Corps.

No. 164. Report of Colonel Robert McAllister, Eleventh New Jersey Infantry.

BELVIDERE, N. J.,

August 3, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with circular from brigade headquarters, dated July 27, 1863, I hereby have the honor to report the operations of my command from June 11 to July 8, inclusive.

June 11. -Received orders at 12 m. to get ready for an immediate

