
movement. Joined the brigade by order at 2. 30 p. m. and marched until 9 p. m., when we halted and bivouacked near Hartwood Church.

June 12. -Resumed the march along the River road at 6. 30 a. m. Halted at 9. 30 p. m. at a point near Beverly Ford, on the Rappahannock. A very hard march, the heat and dust being almost intolerable and water scarce; yet the men kept up well.

June 13. -Under arms at daylight, and, agreeably to order from brigade headquarters, remained so half an hour. In the afternoon furnished a detail of 200 men to relieve a picket along the river.

June 14. -Again under arms at daylight, as on the 13th. Received orders in the afternoon to be in readiness to march at dark. Left at 9 p. m. ; marched by way of Bealeton, on the Orange and Alexandria Railroad, and Warrenton Junction, and reached Cedar Run at 7. 30 a. m. on the 15th.

June 15. -Resumed the march from Cedar Run at 2p. m. and reached Manassas Junction at midnight, and bivouacked.

June 16. -Remained as on the 15th until late in the afternoon, when we were moved a mile.

June 17. -Resumed the march at 10 a. m. ; crossed Bull Run, and halted until 3 p. m., when the command was moved to Centreville, arriving there early in the evening.

June 18. -Moved a mile in the afternoon to higher ground.

June 19. -Left Centreville at 3 p. m. ; arrived at Gum Springs at dark, and bivouacked.

June 20, 21, 22, 23, and 24. -Remained at Gum Springs.

June 25. -Left Gum Springs at 10 a. m. and made rapid march to Edwards Ferry; crossed the Potomac, and proceeded along the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal to the Monocacy, where a remnant of the regiment arrived at 12. 30 a. m. This marc was so rapid and the road in such a bad condition that most of the men were compelled to stop at various points along the canal from complete exhaustion.

June 26. -Major Kearny was sent back early in the morning to bring up the men. Left early in the forenoon, most of the men having arrived, and marched to Point of Rocks, where we arrived late in the afternoon, and bivouacked on the heights half a mile from the town.

June 27. -The regiment was detailed to guard the division train, and reported, according to order, to Captain [Thomas P.]Johnston. The guard was distributed as follows:One man to each wagon, and the remainder of the regiment in squads at intervals along the train. Passed through Jefferson, and joined the remainder of the brigade at Burkittsville at dark.

June 28. -Resumed the march at 9 a. m. Passed through Middletown, and arrived at Frederick at 6 p. m. Marched to and bivouacked beyond the Monacacy.

June 29. -Left early this morning; marched to Taneytown, and bivouacked in the woods near by.

June 30. -Mustered the regiment during the forenoon. Left Taneytown early in the afternoon, and marched 3 miles on the Emmitsburg road, and bivouacked.

July 1. -Resumed the march at 7. 30 a. m. Marched by way of Emmitsburg, and halted within 2 miles of Gettysburg, where we remained during the night.

July 2. -Morning dawned; considerable fog; breakfast over. Troops moving in different directions, apparently taking up their several positions. Received orders to move. We marched but a

