
short distance when the brigade formed in column of regiments, my regiment in the rear. Cannonading now commenced on different parts of our lines, after which we received orders to deploy and form line of battle. The artillery fight now became general and very heavy; hard fighting on the extreme left of our lines; orders to move forward in line of battle, the third battalion the battalion of direction; my regiment on the left of our brigade. The movement was executed handsomely. Before reaching the crest of the hill occupied by our line of pickets, on the summit of which stood a little farm house and garden, we were halted, with the right of my regiment in the orchard in front of the house, and ordered to lie down. In a short time a rebel battery secured our range, when I received orders to move by my left flank in front of the One hundred and twentieth New York Regiment, so as to give room for one of our batteries to take a position on the crest of the hill. After a severe cannonading on both sides, I was ordered back to my old position. In a few minutes I was ordered to change my front by throwing back my left. This done, we lay down awaiting the enemy. I ordered that when the enemy advanced on us we fire by rank, rear rank first, so as to be enabled to hold in check the enemy after the first fire. Captain Benedict, assistant adjutant-general, rode up and cautioned me to be careful and not fire on our own men, pointing to those around the house and garden, who seemed to remain as though no enemy were near them. It was but a few minutes until our pickets came rushing in, closely followed by three rebels, who took possession of the house and garden. I ordered "Fire!" at which time I fell, severely wounded by a Mine ball in my left leg and a piece of shell in my right foot, when I was carried to the rear. In conclusion, permit me to say that during this day Major Kearny and Adjutant Schoonover displayed the same bold and dashing courage that distinguished them on the battle-field of Chancellorsville. They richly deserve promotion. Up to the time I fell, all mu officers and men present stood up nobly and did their duty. I fondly hope that they continued to do so to the end, thought it is sad to think of the severe loss we sustained.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. McALLISTER,

Colonel Eleventh New Jersey Volunteers.

Captain LE GRAND BENEDICT,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Brid., Second Div., Third Corps.

No. 165. Report of Lieutenant John Schoonover, Eleventh New Jersey Infantry.

CAMP NEAR BEVERLY FORD, VA.,

August 7, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In continuation of the inclosed [preceding] report of Colonel R. McAllister, I have the honor to submit the following: A few minutes previous to the command "Fire!" spoken of in the accompanying report, Major Kearny, then standing near me on the left of the line, was struck by a Mine ball in the knee, and immediately carried to the rear. At this moment Battery K, Fourth U. S. Artillery, then stationed a short distance to the left and front of the regiment, limbered their pieces and passed by our left to the rear, closely followed by a line of

