
the enemy's infantry, upon which the regiment opened a rapid fire. I then passed rapidly to the right of the regiment, in order to inform the colonel of the absence of the major, and learned that he, too, had been wounded and taken to the rear. I immediately notified Captain Martin, the senior officer present, that he was in command of the regiment, and again passed to the left of the line, when an order was received from Brigadier-General Carr to slightly change the front by bringing the left to the rear. This being executed, the entire regiment opened an effective fire upon the advancing line of the enemy. At this point, word was conveyed to me that both Captains Martin and Logan were wounded and being carried to the rear. A moment later, and Captain Ackerman fell dead by my side. The two former were killed before they reached a place of safety; and, in justice to the memory of these three officers, permit me to bear witness to their unexceptionable good conduct-ever to the front, distinguished for personal bravery, they leave behind them a spotless record. By this time Captain Loyd had also been wounded, and Captain Dunning being absent in assisting the colonel to the rear, I assumed command of the regiment. The fire of the enemy was at this time perfectly terrific; men were falling on every side. It seemed as if but a few minutes could elapse before the entire line would be shot down, yet the galling fire was returned with equal vigor. Slowly and stubbornly the regiment fell back, keeping up a continual fire upon the line of the enemy, which was still advancing, until more than half of its number had been killed and wounded. Up to this time both officers and men nobly did their duty, but the ranks becoming so decimated and mingled with wounded men and the line in the rear, and having a short time previous been struck with a piece of shell in the breast, I found it impossible, under these circumstances, to longer keep the line together. At this time we neared the caissons, which were in line across the field to the left, when I was struck the second time with a buck-shot, and being nearly exhausted in my efforts to rally the men, and from the wound in my breast, I was counseled to go to the near. A portion of the regiment was rallied some distance to the rear by Captain Lloyd, and charged in line with the remainder of the brigade to a point near that occupied during the hottest of the action. Remaining there a short time, it marched some distance to the rear, and bivouacked. Being able to ride, I joined the regiment on the morning of the 3d, and again took command, by request of Captain Sleeper, the senior officer present for duty. A number of officers and men also joined the regiment, having been collected near the stream farther to the rear. Moving a short distance to the front, the regiment was halted until 3 p. m., when it was ordered out double-quick with the remainder of the brigade on the road toward Gettysburg. Proceeding nearly a mile, it was halted and formed in line of battle in rear of the batteries occupying the crest of the hill in front, the brigade being in column of regiments. The regiment remained in this position for nearly two hours, under a heavy fire of shot and shell, yet but one man was slightly wounded. During the time my horse was struck eighth a spherical case shot, from the effects of which he died the next day.

