
About 5 p. m. the regiment returned to its former position, where it remained during the night. In conclusion, permit me to mention the general good conduct of both officers and men both upon the 2nd and 3d. To mention some might do gross injustice to others, but I cannot pass by the untiring efforts of Lieutenant Buckley to rally the men. Captain Lloyd and Lieutenant Corey also deserve special mention for their coolness and bravery. As an individual act of bravery, I desire to mention Corpl. Thomas Johnson, of Company I, whom, when two color-bearers had been shot down, I ordered to take the colors and advance 20 yards to the front, as the regiment was then wavering. He did so, and did not leave his position until ordered to the rear. The services or Lieutenant James Baldwin on the 3d, as acting adjutant, were invaluable. In the action of the 2d, the regiment sustained a very heavy loss. Out of 275 officers and men taken into the fight, 18 were killed, 130 wounded, and 6 missing, making a total of 154.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

JOHN SCHOONOVER,

Adjutant Eleventh New Jersey Volunteers.

Captain LE GRAND BENEDICT,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Brig., Second Div., Third Corps.

No. 166. Report of Captain William B. Dunning, Eleventh New Jersey Infantry.

CAMP NEAR BEVERLY FORD, VA.,

August 7, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I hereby have the honor to report the operations of the Eleventh New Jersey Volunteers from July 4 to 8, inclusive.

July 4, 5, and 6. -The regiment remained as on the 3d.

July 7. -Left this morning at daylight. Marched by way of Emmitsburg to Mechanicstown, and bivouacked.

July 8. -Resumed march at 6 a. m., and arrived at Frederick at 8 p. m., where we bivouacked,

I am, sir, most respectfully, your obedient servant.

WM. B. Dunning,

Captain Eleventh New Jersey Volunteers.

Captain LE GRAND BENEDICT, Asst. Adjt. General, First Brig., Second Div., Third Corps.

No 167. Report of Major Robert L. Bodine, Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania Infantry.

CAMP NEAR WARRENTON, VA.,

July 28, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report, in compliance with circular of July 27, 1863, the operations of the regiment from the time it left Falmouth, Va., to and including July 8. The regiment left Falmouth, Va., June 11, as a guard to the wagon train; marched to within 5 miles of Hartwood Church, distance 7 miles, and bivouacked for the night.

