
June 12. - Resumed the march, in connection with the wagon train, and arrived at Kelly's Ford at 10 p. m., after being relieved from the wagon train on the road 5 miles from Kelly's Ford; distance, 30 miles.

June 13-Marched from Kelly's Ford to Beverly Ford; distance, 5 miles. Remained in camp there until night of June 14, when we resumed the march, and arrived at Warrenton Junction at 1 p. m. of the 15th. Continued the march same day, and arrived at Manassas Junction 11 p. m., where we bivouacked for the night; distance, 30 miles. Morning of 16th, resumed the march to Dangerfield, distance 1 mile, where we remained until next morning, June 17, when we marched to Centreville; distance, 5 miles.

June 18. -Marched 1 mile to northward of Centreville. Remained there until 1 p. m. of the 19th, when we resumed the march, and arrived at Gum Springs, distance 8 miles, where we remained in camp until June 25. Again took up the line of march to Noland'a Ford, via Edwards Ferry and Poolesville; distance, 26 miles.

June 26. -Marched to Point of Rocks; distance, 7 miles.

June 27. -Marched to Burkittsville, via Jefferson; distance, 14 miles. June 28. -Marched to 4 miles beyond Frederick City, via Middletown; distance, 18 miles.

June 29. -Marched to Taneytown, via Walkersville and Woodsborough, distance 18 miles, where we remained until 2 p. m. June 30. Again resumed the march to Bridgeport; distance, 4 miles.

July 1. -Marched, via Emmitsburg, to Gettysburg, distance 14 miles, where we arrived at 2 a. m. of July 2. On the morning of July 2, my regiment was detailed to clear away the fences in front of the division, to facilitate the movements of our troops. It was soon after deployed to the right of the brigade, which position it held during the battle, in which I lost many valuable officers and enlisted men. We bivouacked on the battle-field during the night. Next morning, 3d, again prepared for battle, but were not so much engaged or losses so heavy. During the battle, the loss of the regiment was 1 officer and 34 man killed, 10 officers and 161 enlisted men wounded, and 7 enlisted men missing. Quite a number were very badly wounded, and in several cases amputation was necessary.

July 4 to 7. -Remained on the battle-field.

July 7. -Again resumed the march, and arrived at Mechanicstown; distance, 20 miles.

July 8. -Marched to 2 miles beyond Frederick City; distance, 18 miles. I cannot close this report without mentioning with pride the gallant conduct and bravery of my officers in the late battle of Gettysburg, and for the alacrity and willingness displayed in seconding their superiors in their efforts to make the contest a decisive one and do honor to our native State, the old Keystone. The men were also unusually anxious to meet the enemy, and seemed inspired with a feeling to do or die in the attempt to annihilate the invaders of their homes.

I remain, very respectfully,

ROBERT L. BODINE,

Major, Condg. Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Captain LE GRAND BENEDICT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

