
11 p. m., where we bivouacked for the night, remaining in this position until the morning of the 17th. At 9, 30 a. m. of the l7th, we again resumed our march, and marched to Centreville, where we remained until the 19th. On the afternoon of the 19th, marched to Gum Springs, where we remained for six days, performing in that space off time one four of picket duty. Left Gum Springs on the morning of the 25th, at 9, 30 a. m. ; crossed the Potomac into Maryland at Edwards Ferry about 2 p. m., and continued marching, following the tow-path of the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal, to the mouth of the Monocacy, where we bivouacked for the night. On the 26th, marched to Point of Rocks, where we bivouacked for the night. On the 27th, crossed Catoctin Mountains, and passed through Jefferson, bivouacking a short distance from Middletown. On the 28th, we resumed our march, passing, through Middletown and Frederick City, and bivouacking near Walkersville. On the 29th, marched to Taneytown, having passed through Woodsborough, Ladiesburg, Middleburg, and Taneytown. On the afternoon of the 30th, marched about 6 miles beyond Taneytown, where the regiment was detailed for picket duty. On the morning of July 1, the pickets were withdrawn, and we resumed the march at 7. 30 o'clock, arriving near Gettysburg at 12 m., having passed through Emmitsburg. At 8 a. m. of the 2d, the regiment was formed in line of battle, and remained in this position until l p. m., when orders were received to advance, halting in rear of the First Brigade and acting as its support. We lay in this position under a heavy fire of artillery until 4 o'clock. At this time we engaged the enemy, and held our ground against a superior force until dark, when we were relieved by the Second Corpt. Our loss in this engagement was quite severe, losing in all 112-7 officers wounded, 21 men killed, 80 wounded, and 4 missing. At daylight on the morning of the 3d, the regiment was formed in line of battle, supporting the Fifth Corps. We lay in this position until 3 p. m., when we were ordered to the right, to support a battery of the Second Corps. In supporting this battery, we were exposed to a heavy artillery fire, losing 3 men. At dark we were relieved and marched to the left, where we bivouacked for the night. No movement was made on the 4th, 5th, and 6th. On the 5th and 6th, paries were sent out to bury the dead. On the morning of the 7th, started in pursuit of the enemy, passing through Emmitsburg, and bivouacking near Mechanicstown. On the 8th, marched to near Frederick City. On the 9th, passed through Middletown, and bivouacked in the mountains. On the 10th, resumed the march, and, crossing Antietam Creek, we bivouacked for the night at 7 o'clock, but receiving orders to move at 11 p. m., we again resumed the march, and continued marching until 3 a. m. on the following morning, when we halted at 6 a. m. July 11, resumed the march, and, halting about 6 p. m., we bivouacked for the night. On the morning of the 12th, we took our position in rear of the Twelfth Corps, where we remained for the night. On the 13th, marched to near Wiliamsport, where we remained until the 15th.

