
On the 15th, we again resumed the march, and, passing through Fair Play and Sharpsburg, we halted for the night. July 16, we marched about 16 miles, and bivouacked near Knoxville. About 5 p. m. of the 17th, we again took up our line of march, and, crossing the Potomac and Shenandoah Rivers at Harper's Ferry, we bivouacked for the night about 5 miles from the river. July 18, marched to Hillsborough, where we bivouacked. July 19, resumed our march at 7 a. m., and marched to Wood Grove, when we received orders to go on picket. July 20, the pickets were withdrawn, and we marched to Upperville, where we bivouacked for the night. We lay in this position until the afternoon of the 22d, when we resumed our marched to Piedmont. At 4a. m. on the 23d, we again took up our line of march, and came upon the enemy at Manassas Gap, when the brigade was ordered to charge, which it did in splendid style, driving the enemy before it. In this engagement, which was of short duration, the regiment sustained a loss of 33-1 officer killed, Captain Price; 1 wounded, Major Mahen; 10 men killed, and 21 wounded. After the enemy was driven from his position, the regiment was deployed as skirmishers for the purpose of finding his whereabouts. After advancing about 3 miles, and finding no enemy, the regiment returned to the brigade, when the regiment with the rest of the brigade advanced as far as Front Royal. Here, finding the enemy dad gone, we were marched back, a distance of about 5 miles, and bivouacked for the night. On the 25th, we resumed our march, passing through Salem, and bivouacking about 5 miles beyond the town. On the 26th, marched 2 miles beyond Warrenton, where we bivouacked for the night. On August 1, we left camp near Warrenton about 7 o'clock in the morning, and marched to our present position near Rappahannock Station the same day. Since then the regiment has been inactive, excepting that it has performed two tours of picket duty. Colonel Farnum commanded the regiment from the time we left Falmouth until July 27, when he was detached on duty at New York. From that time until yesterday, when I assumed command, Captain Gruett commanded the regiment. This should excuse me from making as minute a report as otherwise I should have done.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. HUGO,

Major, Comdg. First Regiment.

Major J. P. FINKELMEUER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Excelsior Brigade.

Numbers 171. Report of Colonel Henry L. Potter, Seventy-first New York Infantry.
HDQRS. SECOND REGIMENT, EXCELSIOR BRIGADE,Camp near Beverly Ford, Va.,

August 14, 1863.

MAJOR: In compliance with orders, I would respectfully make the following report: This regiment left camp near Falmouth, Va., June 123, and partici

