
pated in all the various marches and movements with other regiments of the brigade. The regiment was engaged at Gettysburg, Pa., July 2, where, out of 230 men and 13 officers, it lost-
 Officers and men.Killed.Wounded.Missing.TotalCommissioned officers.16....7Enlisted men11621083Total12681090
Taking a large number of prisoners, and recapturing one brass gun lost by Battery K, Fifth U. S. Artillery. July 3. -This regiment also participated with the brigade in the engagement, with a loss of only 3 wounded. From July 3, followed the various marches and movements until July 23, when it was again engaged at Wapping Heights, near Manassas Gap, where the loss was 2 enlisted men killed and 13 enlisted men wounded. The conduct and bearing of the officers and men was generally so patient under the fatigues of the long and tiresome marches, and so brave and steady in action, that it is almost impossible to particularize individual acts of gallantry and good conduct.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. L. POTTER,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Major J. P. FINKELMEIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Excelsior Brigade.

Numbers 172. Report of Colonel John S. Austin, Seventy-second New York Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRD REGIMENT, EXCELSIOR BRIGADE,Camp near Beverly Ford, Va.,

August 15, 1863.

MAJOR: In compliance with circular from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this regiment during the recent movements from June 28 to July 26: We left Middletown June 28, passing through Frederick to Walkersville, where we encamped for the night. On the 29th, we marched through Woodsborough and Middleburg to Taneytown. Left Taneytown on the morning of the 30th; marched through Bridgeport, and bivouacked for the night about 3 miles from the town. July 1, we marched to Emmitsburg, and encamped about 2p. m. Broke camp at 4p. m., and marched to Gettysburg, arriving there at 2 a. m. We were ordered to the front about 10 a. m. of the 2d, when our regiment was placed in reserve of the Second Brigade, Second Division. At 2 o. m. we were ordered to advance across an open field in line

