
Moved at 9 o'clock on the morning of the 10th, crossed the Antietam Creek, and halted on the old battle-field of Antietam. Moved again at 10 p. m., recrossed Antietam Creek, and marched until 2 o'clock in the morning. Broke camp the 11th, at 6 a. m., and marched 2 miles. Remained in the same position until 4 p. m. ; then moved across the Antietam Creek, and encamped for the night. On the 12th, moved about 1 mile, and encamped in a piece of woods, and remained until the morning of the 14th; then again moved forward, and occupied the position that the enemy held the day before near Williamsport. As the enemy had succeeded in crossing the Potomac, retraced line of march of the day before, passed through Sharpsburg, and encamped about 2 miles beyond the town. On the 16th, moved to within about 2 miles of Harper's Ferry, and encamped at the foot of Maryland Heights. The next day crossed the river, and encamped in Virginia. On the 18th, 19th, and 20th, on the march, arriving at Upperville, where they remained for two days. On the 22d, moved to Manassas Gap, and halted for the night at Piedmont Station, and on the morning of the 23rd moved up the Gap to where our troops were skirmishing with the enemy. The enemy had taken up their position across the Gap, and all the efforts of the skirmishers to dislodge them proved unavailing. At this time the Excelsior Brigade, of which my regiment forms a part, was ordered to charge the heights and drive the enemy from their position. With a yell that would have done credit to a band of demons, our boys sprang to their feet and rushed upon the foe. The first and second heights were carried in the face of a severe fire, when the men, who were now completely exhausted, were ordered to hold the position, of which they had so gallantly taken possession. The next morning at daylight it was discovered that the enemy had retreated. Moved forward to Front Royal, and remained about two hours, and then marched back through the Gap, and encamped for the night 6 miles beyond. It would not be doing justice to the regiment for me to pass by this point without making some mention of the manner in which both officers and men performed their duty on that occasion; neither would it be proper for me to make any invidious distinction among men who have proved themselves soldier in every sense of the word on many a hard-fought battle-field, for all did their duty nobly. Each seemed to vie with the other in his attempt to reach the enemy, thus making it a fight not only for victory but for personal honor. Owing to the uneven nature of the ground, our loss was comparatively small. Eight men were wounded, 1 of whom has since died from the effects of the wound. On the 25th, m marched through Salem, and bivouacked for the night 5 miles beyond. The next day marched to Warrenton, encamping about 2 miles from the town, on the road to Sulphur Springs. I have attempted in the foregoing brief and barren sketch to do justice to the brave officers and men who form the Third Excelsior, although I know I have but partially succeeded, and I cannot close without extending my heartfelt sympathy to the friends of those who

