
have been called upon to mourn the loss of kind friends and brave soldiers. The above is respectfully submitted.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

JOHN S. AUSTIN,

Colonel, Commanding Third Excelsior.

Maj J. P. FINKELMEIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, excelsior (Second) Brigade.

Numbers 173. Report of Captain Abram L. Lockwood, One hundred and twentieth New York Infantry.

NEAR BEVERLY FORD, VA.,

August 14, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with circular from headquarters Army of the Potomac, of August 13, 1863, I respectfully submit the following report, begging leave to state, however, that the report is not as full and explicit as it ought to be, in consequence of my not having been in command or the regiment during the time for which the report is asked, and I am now but in temporary command: On Sunday, June 28, our regiment, in company with the brigade (already foot-sore and weary from the incessant marches since leaving Falmouth), marched through Middletown and across the mountain an route for Pennsylvania, by way of Frederick, Taneytown, and Emmitsburg, arriving on the battle-field of Gettysburg about 2 o'clock an the morning of July 2. The march was a forced march, and both officer and men were, in consequence of their over-exertion, almost exhausted, but there was scarcely any straggling, and the regiment was marched on to the battle-field almost to a man. On the afternoon of July 2, our brigade was ordered to advance to a position in the left center, to support the First Division of our corps, and in doing so we advanced across an open field, exposed to a terrific and murderous artillery fire from the enemy, which was kept up without cessation during the rest of the day. One officer and several privates were killed during this movement, besides several being wounded. The enemy at last broke the first line, and we advanced to meet him. The regiment soon became hotly engaged, and held its position without flinching until it was flanked. We retired held its position without flinching until it was flanked. We retired slowly, fighting, across the field, when the brigade again rallied, and drove the enemy from the field at the point of the bayonet. During the engagement both officers and men, without a single exception, displayed great bravery and coolness, and that the regiment did its full share of fighting, the list of the killed and wounded bears sufficient evidence.
 Officers and men.Killed.Wounded.Missing.TotalCommissioned officers.710....17Enlisted men2414319186Total3115319203
