
I will not take it upon myself to make special mention of individual instances of bravery, excepting in the case of our brave and gallant color-bearer, Corpl. William O'Brien, of Company B. His conduct in that engagement was so noticeable as to call forth praise from every officer and man in the regiment. We were ordered up to the front several times again, but the regiment sustained no further casualties. Marched from Gettysburg on Tuesday, the 7th, to Williamsport, where we arrived Friday, July 10. We lay down until the rebels were found to have crossed the river, when we moved down, crossed the river at Harper's Ferry in pursuit, moving on and occupying the different gaps in the Blue Ridge until we came to manassas Gap, where the celebrated charge of the brigade was made. Our regiment did not participate in that fight, having been sent to hold another position. Leaving there, we moved on to Warrenton by way of Salem, and from there into camp at this place.

Very respectfully,

A. L. LOCKWOOD,

Captain, Comdg. 120th Regiment New York Volunteers.

Major J. P. FINKELMEIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 174. Report of Colonel George C. Burling, Sixth New Jersey Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIG., SECOND DIV., THIRD CORPS,August 20, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to make this as my report of the part taken by this brigade in the late marches and battles with the enemy: The brigade left camp at Falmouth, Va., on Thursday, June 11, under command of Colonel Bowman, of the Eighty-fourth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers (that regiment being assigned to the brigade on the morning of June 11), and marched near Hartwood Church and bivouacked for the night. The next morning the march was resumed. We reached Rappahannock Station near dark of that day, and picketed the river from Kelly's Ford, on our left, to a short distance above the railroad, connecting with the First Brigade of our division. We remained during Saturday and Sunday at this occupation. Sunday Volunteers were detailed orders that the Eighty-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers were detailed from the brigade, and for me to report to General Humphreys, division commander, for instructions, which order I obeyed. In compliance with orders from General Humphreys, the brigade moved with the division that night toward Manassas Junction, reaching Catlett's Station about 7 o'clock Monday morning. Rested until nearly 2 o'clock, when the march was again resumed, reaching Manassas Junction about 12 o'clock that night. Remained here until Wednesday morning, when we again started toward Centreville, arriving there that afternoon, remaining until

