
Friday, the 19th, and then started toward Gum Springs, arriving there near dark. Remained in this place until Thursday, the 25th, and then marched to Edwards Ferry, crossing the river on pontoons, and continued our march to Monocacy Aqueduct, arriving about midnight. The next morning the march was resumed to Point of Rocks. Bivouacked for the night, and resumed the march in the morning, passing through Jefferson about noon. Bivouacked near Middletown that night. Started in the morning; crossed the Catoctin Mountain, passing through Frederick City, and bivouacked 7 miles out on the Liberty turnpike. Marched the next morning at 5 o'clock through Woodsborough, Ladiesburg, and Bruceville to Taneytown, arriving near dark. Marched the next day through Bridgeport, and bivouacked for the night. July 1, we reached Emmitsburg, Md., at 12 m. I was ordered by Major Hamlin, assistant adjutant-general Second Division. Third Corps, to remain at this place with the brigade and Smith's battery, to guard the Hagerstown road. In conjunction with Colonel Sewell, of the Fifth New Jersey Volunteers, and Captain Smith, od the battery, I immediately made such disposition of my command as I deemed advisable to accomplish this object. At 1. 30 a. m., July 2, I received orders from General Meade to immediately rejoin the corps, near Gettysburg, Pa. In consequence of my command covering so much ground, and the night being so very dark, it was nearly 4 a. m. before I was able to march. We joined the corps and division at 9 a. m., July 2. The brigade was massed in column of regiments, and remained in that position until nearly 12 m., when General Humphreys ordered us to our position as a reserve to the First and Second Brigades of our division. Shortly after, I received orders from General Humphreys to march to the left, and report to General Birney, commanding First Division, Third Corps. I did so, and was ordered by him to mass the brigade in a piece of woods in the rear of his division. In a short time skirmishing commenced very heavily along his front. I was then ordered by General Birney out of the woods on an open field. Immediately on our unmasking ourselves, the enemy opened with a terrific artillery fire on our left flank, at a distance of not more than 1, 000 yards. After remaining in this position for half an hour, upon the solicitation of several regimental commanders, whom I considered equally competent with myself, I ordered the brigade to fall back about 100 yards, where they would have the protection of a small rise in the ground, which was done in perfect order. At this moment Captain Poland, of General Sickles' staff, rode up to me, and, in an excited manner, inquired by whose authority I moved the brigade. I answered, "By my own. " He ordered me to take the brigade back again. I started with it, when an aide from General Birney ordered me to change direction to the left, and take a position behind a piece of woods, my front now being at right angles with my former front. I now received orders from General Birney to detail two of my largest regiments to report to General Graham, in compliance with which I detailed the Second New Hampshire and Seventh New Jersey Volunteers. Shortly after this, I received orders from General Birney to detail the strongest regiment to report to General Humphreys

