
about noon, where we halted until nearly dark; resuming the march again, halting about midnight in South Mountain Pass. Started again at 7 a. m., passing through Keedysville, and crossed Antietam Creek, and halted until 10 p. m. Resumed the march, recrossed the creek, and bivouacked for the night near Boolesville. Marched at 6 a. m. a short distance, when the Third Corps was massed in rear of one the bridges crossing Antietam Creek, in reserve, starting again at 4 p. m., crossing the Antietam, marching about 3 miles to the right, and bivouacked for the night. Sunday, 12th, received orders that the general commanding would attack the enemy. About noon we moved to the left, and massed in a woods about 1 1/2 miles in the rear of Marsh Creek. Here we bivouacked for the night. Remained in this bivouac until Tuesday, the 14th. Started at 5 a. m. to occupy ground vacated by a division of the Twelfth Corps, which had advanced to reconnoiter the enemy's position; as they advanced, we followed within supporting distance. It being discovered that the enemy had crossed the Potomac, we bivouacked for the night. the following morning we resumed the march at daylight, passing through Fair Play and Sharpsburg, crossing the Antietam over Burnside's bridge, marching about half a mile, and bivouacked for the night. Marched at 6 a. m. the morning(Thursday)to within 3 miles of Harper's Ferry, and remained until the next afternoon. Resumed the march at 4 o'clock, crossing the Potomac and Shenandoah at Harper's Ferry. Marched 1 1/2 miles toward Hillsborough, and bivouacked for the night. Started at 6 a. m., and reached Hillsborough about noon. Staid here all night, starting in the morning at 8 o'clock, and marched to within 5 miles of Snicker's Gap, bivouacking for the night; started in the morning at 4 o'clock, and reached Upperville about 3 p. m. Remained here guarding Ashbu's Gap until noon of Wednesday, July 22. when we resumed the march, and reached Piedmont Station, on the Manassas Gap Railroad, about l p. m. At a late hour that night I was ordered to be ready to move the brigade with the division at 4 a. m., July 23, to support the First Division of this corps. We reached Linden Station, in Manassas Gap, near noon of the 23d. I was here ordered to detail a regiment to support a battery on the heights commanding Chester Gap road. The Seventh New Jersey Volunteers were detailed, in compliance with that order. I would here state that, at the time of our leaving Uppeerville, the Sixth New Jersey Volunteers were detailed to guard the wagon train, leaving me with four small regiments, numbering not more than 550 muskets. We advanced in column of division, closed in mass, changing our position from the right to the left side of the main road leading to Front Royal, and rising a high ridge which had been carried by the First Division. I was now ordered forward by General Prince to support the Second Brigade of our division, which had charged and was driving the enemy. The column was immediately put in motion, and deployed while advancing, and continued to advance in line of battle to a crest of a hill within easy supporting distance of the Second Brigade, where, by General Prince in person, we were ordered to halt. While in this position, the enemy opened a slight artillery fire, which wounded 2 men. We remained in this position all night, the men lying on their arms. Early the next morning I was ordered to advance, leading the

