
division column. The Second New Hampshire Volunteers were deployed as skirmishers on the right and left of the road; the One hundred and fifteenth Pennsylvania and Eighth New Jersey Volunteers supported the right, and the Fifth New Jersey the left of the skirmishers. In this order we passed the distance of 3 miles to Front Royal, the enemy falling back slowly before us. In approaching Front Royal, the line of skirmishers and supports passed over a steep mountain, densely wooded and with thick undergrowth. after a short stay at Front Royal, I was ordered by General Prince to withdraw my skirmishers and march to the rear by the flank, the object we came for being accomplished. At Markham Station we bivouacked for the night, and next day marched to within 7 miles of Warrenton. It was extremely gratifying to me to observe the promptness which both officers and men evinced in overcoming the difficulties of the advance, the weather being extremely warm and the ground very uneven, and covered in many places with a thick undergrowth, almost impassable for man or beast. I feel indebted to Captain T. W. Eayre, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant [Lafayette] Culver, acting assistant inspector-general, and Lieutenant [William G.] Thompson, aide-de-camp, for their promptness in communicating my orders on the field. Sunday, July 26, started at 5 a. m., and reached Warrenton at 11 a. m., where we went into camp.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. C. BURLING,

Colonel Sixth New Jersey Volunteers, Comdg. Brigade.

Major CHARLES HAMLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Div., Third Corps.

Numbers 175. Report of Colonel Edward L. Bailey, Second New Hampshire Infantry.

NEAR GETTYSBURG, PA.,

July 5, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my regiment on the 2nd instant in the battle at this place, commencing at the time it was detached from your command, it then being in position with your brigade in front of the Emmitsburg road: At 3 p. m. I had the honor to receive your order to report to General Graham, and immediately moving by double-quick to the front, I had the honor to announce my presence to that general with 24 commissioned officers and 330 rifles. I was at once ordered to support Battery G, First New York Artillery, and one section of a battery unknown, all light 12-pounders, brass. In this position my left rested upon the right of the Sixty-third Pennsylvania, my right covered by a wood house situated upon the Emmitsburg road, line forming a right angle with that road. Two hundred yards in my front the Third Maine was skirmishing with the enemy. At 4 o'clock, while experiencing a terrific fire of spherical case and canister from batteries in my front an on my right, 650 yards distant, I directed the rolls of my companies to be called, and found but

