
who must suffer untold agony and pain through long weeks of convalescence our earnest sympathy, yet leaving them to the watchful care of Him who will not prove unmindful of their necessities.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

ED. L. BAILEY,

Colonel Second New Hampshire Volunteers.

Colonel GEORGE C. BURLING,

Comdg. Third Brig., Second Div., Third Corps.

Numbers 176. Reports of Captain Henry H. Woolsey and Colonel William J. Sewell, Fifth New Jersey Infantry.

BIVOUAC NEAR UPPERVILLE, VA.,

July 21, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Fifth New Jersey Volunteers in the recent engagement at Gettysburg, Pa., July 2 and 3: The regiment had been on picket on the night of the 1st instant about 1 1/2 miles from Emmitsburg, Md., on the road leading from that place to Hagerstown, Md. At 2 a. m. the pickets were celled in, and the regiment joined the brigade, and at daybreak marched with the brigade toward Gettysburg, reaching the battle-field at about 10 a. m. From that time until 4 p. m. the regiment, in common with the rest of the brigade, changed its position several times, being from about 2 p. m. the most of the time under a heavy fire of artillery from the enemy's batteries, which had taken position to the left of the Emmitsburg road. The casualties in the regiment up to this time, however, were few. At about 4p. m. the regiment was ordered to relieve another regiment in support of Battery K (Captain Seeley), Fourth U. S. Artillery, which was in position near the Emmitsburg road, just south of the apple orchard. We took this position, moving by the right flank at the double-quick. In order to occupy the front assigned the regiment, it had to be deployed as skirmishers, thus forming rather a singular line for the protection of a battery of six guns. At this point the rebel artillery fire was very severe and effective, one battery pouring an enfilading fire, principally of spherical case, immediately up the road. Very soon after we arrived on the road, another, or more probably more than one, rebel battery opened upon us from the woods to our left and front. Captain Seeley's battery then became engaged. A battery to our right soon after, and one to our left, facing south down the road, and which had been engaged before we arrived in the road, continued its fire. This artillery fire was kept up very rapidly for an hour or more, our regiment all the time losing men, the most of them, however, being but slightly wounded by the spherical case. During all this time there was no infantry firing on our part of the line. At about 5 o'clock, however, the skirmishers in our front (the First U. S. Sharpshooters) were driven in, and immediately after a dense line of the enemy's infantry was seen advancing over a knoll about 600 yards distant to our left and front, and as this line advanced the

