
infantry on both sides became engaged. The carnage at this time was fearful. The regimens to our left, however, were soon compelled to fall back, and our regiment, small as it was and deployed over so large a front, could offer but little resistance to the rebel line of battle. Seeley's battery, which we felt to be our especial care, was also compelled to fall back. The regiment was collected around the pieces of the battery, and it and the battery commenced firing in retreat. This was kept up until another line of ours was reached, near the position first occupied by our brigade in the morning, and about 100 yards from our position on the road. During this retrograde movement we lost many men, and it was at this time that Colonel Sewell, our gallant leader, was seriously wounded by a musket-ball in the thigh. Captain Healy, acting major, was also wounded by shell in the hand and thigh. Before leaving the road, I had been slightly wounded in the head by a musket-ball, and had left the field. The regiment was now left under the command of Captain Godfrey, and, re-enforcements arriving from the Fifth Corps, was withdrawn from the field. That night the regiment bivouacked near the stream, in the rear of the battle-field. On the morning of the 3d, I rejoined the regiment, and took command. During the day we were under fire several times, but met with no casualties. The loss on the 2nd instant was very nearly 50 percent. of the whole number engaged. A nominal list of the casualties is furnished below. * We believe that our regiment assisted materially in gaining our glorious victory over the invading rebel army, and has added something to the reputation already won on so many hard-fought fields. Every officer and man was in his place and did his duty.

* * *

Recapitulation.
 Officers and men.Killed.Wounded.Missing.TotalOfficers.25....7Enlisted men11601687Total13651694
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. WOOLSEY,

captain Fifth New Jersey Volunteers, Comdg. Regiment. Captain

THOMAS W. EAYRE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

The undersigned adds the following corrections to the report of Captain Woolsey, who was mistaken as regards the duty which the regiment was intended to perform: My orders were to report to General Graham, for the purpose of relieving the Sixty/third Pennsylvania, on picket. My right rested at a white house, my left extending to a large barn on the Emmitsburg * Omitted.

