
road, thus covering the front of the Second Division; Seeley' battery a few paces in the rear of my center, and two brigades of the Second Division on the slope of the hill. When the enemy's column of attack appeared in sight, In sent word to General Humphreys, and immediately afterward became engaged. Previous to this I had time to examine the ground, and was convinced that the only place to check the attack was on the road and crest of the hill which I held. My left became engaged first, and immediately after was entirely driven in by the giving way of some regiments of the First Division to my left and the enemy placing a battery where my left had rested. I had now a direct musketry fire and a battery of artillery on my flank, but still held the position, hoping for the advance of the troops in my rear. When obliged to fall back, I did so by rallying on my right, covering Seeley's battery, which was firing in retreat. I found, on reaching the position occupied by the Second Division, General Humphreys changing front to rear on his right, so as to connect with the First Division, which had been driven back a considerable distance-so much so that the enemy was on the flank and rear of the Second Division thirty minutes after the attack commenced. I was wounded during this movement.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM J. SEWELL,

Colonel Fifth New Jersey Volunteers.

Numbers 177. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Stephen R. Gilkyson, Sixth New Jersey Infantry

CAMP NEAR WARRENTON, VA.,

July 27, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with orders from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Sixth Regiment New Jersey Volunteers in the late engagement at Gettysburg, Pa., July 2 and 3: The regiment with the brigade arrived on the battle-field about 8 a. m. of the 2nd instant, where we massed, and rested for about an hour, when we commenced to take position. After maneuvering for some time, the Sixth New Jersey Volunteers was detached from the brigade, and ordered to the support of General Ward's brigade, which was engaged with the enemy near the left of our line, partly in the woods, their left resting in an open field. Advancing promptly through the woods, we came to a fence. Having no one to guide me, and not knowing the position the regiment was to occupy. I formed line, and opened fire on the enemy directly in our front. Soon ascertaining the position of our line, under a heavy fire from the enemy, I advanced the regiment about 200 yards across the open field, directly in front of the Fourth New York Battery, Captain Smith, taking position on the left of Ward's brigade. Here we secured a fine position, and opened fire with great affect, driving the enemy from our immediate front, remaining in this position for about two hours, being during this time actively engaged. Seeing the troops on my right retiring, I ordered

37 R R-VOL XXVII, PT P

