
my regiment to retire, which it did in good order, halting with the rest of the troops. I reported to General Ward, who informed me he had been relieved, ordering me to join my brigade, which we did about 7 p. m. July 3. -The regiment with the brigade took position, massed in a woods in rear and near the left of our line, remaining in this potion until about 2 p. m., when we were ordered farther to the right, to support some batteries, lying in mass for about two hours under a heavy shell fire, with the loss of 1 commissioned officer and 5 men wounded, when we returned to our old position. Both officers and men behaved with their usual gallantry, fully sustaining their well-earned reputation. My loss in the two day's engagement, in killed, wounded, and missing, was as follows, viz:
 Officers and men.Killed.Wounded.Missing.TotalCommissioned officers.....3....3Enlisted men130738Total133741
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. R. GILKYSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Sixth New Jersey Volunteers.

Captain T W. EAYRE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 178. Report of Major Frederick Cooper, Seventh New Jersey Infantry.

IN THE FIELD,

July l7, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following as the part performed by this regiment during the late engagement at Gettysburg, Pa., July 2 and 3: About 4 o'clock in the afternoon of the 2nd instant, Colonel Francine was ordered to report to Brigadier-General Graham, which was done, and soon after we were placed in position to support a battery. Soon after being posted, the enemy opened a heavy fire of shot and shell. Our position being greatly exposed, we suffered severely. We remained in this position until 5. 30 p. m., when the enemy made a vigorous charge upon a battery on our left, which compelled the battery to retire. In falling back, the battery broke through our ranks, creating considerable confusion for a time, but through the exertions of the officers the line was reformed. The enemy now being on our left flank, Colonel Francine threw the right of the regiment forward, and opened fire upon the enemy. After firing a few rounds, a charge was ordered, which was attempted, but the enemy's fire was so severe that we were compelled to fall back a short distance. At this juncture, Colonel Francine and Lieutenant-Colonel Price being wounded, I assumed command of the regiment,

