
and, reforming the line, made an effort to hold our position until re-enforcements arrived. Soon the enemy appeared upon the right flank, and, there being danger of being overwhelmed and captured, I ordered the regiment to fall back to the woods. Our supports having arrived, I retired from the field and joined the brigade. We remained in the woods all night, and on the morning of the 3rd instant moved with the brigade to the front. Nothing of note transpired until about 5 p. m., when we again moved with the brigade to the right, and were assigned to the support of two batteries. For a short time we were subjected to a heavy artillery fire. The enemy not essaying to attack us, we moved back to our former position. The regiment behaved well during the whole engagement, both officers and men doing their whole duty. I would especially mention Sergt. Charles A. Monks, Company C, for his bravery and gallant conduct on the field. I regret to report the death of First Lieutenant Charles F. Walker, Company B, a gallant and efficient officer, who was killed on the afternoon of the 3rd instant. My loss in killed is 16; wounded, 84; missing, 12; total, 112. 8

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FREDERICK COOPER,

Major, Comdg. Seventh Regiment New Jersey Volunteers.

Captain T. W. EAYERE,

Captain, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 179. Report of Brigadier General Washington L. Elliott, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, THIRD ARMY CORPS,July 27, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with circular of this date from headquarters Third Army Corps, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my division on July 23, 24, and 25: The division is organized as follows: The First Brigade, Brigadier General W. H. Morris commanding: Sixth New York Artillery, One hundred and fifty-first New York Infantry, Tenth Vermont Infantry, Fourteenth New Jersey Infantry. The Second Brigade, Colonel J. W. Keifer, One hundred and tenth Ohio Infantry, commanding: One hundred and tenth and One hundred and twenty-second Ohio Infantry, One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry, and Sixth Maryland Infantry. The Third Brigade, Colonel B. F. Smith, One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio Infantry, One hundred and sixth New York Infantry, and Sixty/seventh and Eighty-seventh Pennsylvania Infantry. On the 23d, the division marched from Piedmont to linden, in Manassas Gap; the Tenth Vermont Infantry detached as guard for trains of corps. About 5 p. m. the division advanced in order of battle to support the First and Second Division, and in the following order: The First Brigade on the left, Third Brigade on the right, and Second Brigade

---------------

* But see revised statement, p. 178.

---------------

