
in reserve, The One hundred and sixth New York Infantry, of the Third Brigade, was detached, by order of the major-general commanding, to report to Colonel De Trobriand, Fifty-fifth New York Infantry, the remainder of the Third Brigade to report to Brigadier-General Ward, commanding First Division. About dark the division bivouacked for the night. On the 24th, the division was ordered to occupy the position vacated by the advance of the First Division. About 12 o'clock the division was ordered to march and encamp near Piedmont. It reached there about sundown. On the 25th, the division marched via Salem to camp near Warrenton, Va. The only casualty I have to report is Private John Heffler, Company K, Sixth Maryland, severely wounded by the enemy on the 23rd in right leg, rendering amputation necessary. The division having been but recently organized, and the First Brigade composed of troops unaccustomed to marching, I think it due to the division to say that the severity of the march through mud and broken fields was cheerfully borne, and this, too, from necessity, upon a scanty ration. The entire division, officers and men, showed a desire to press forward to engage the enemy.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

Captain W. F. A. TORBERT,

A. D. C., and A. A. A. G., Headquarters Third Corps.

Numbers 180. Report of Colonel Benjamin F. Smith, One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, THIRD DIVISION,On the Rappahannock, near Fox' Ford, Va.,

August 15, 1863.

GENERAL: In compliance with circular from headquarters Army of the Potomac, dated August 12, 1863, I have the honor to make a report of the operations of my command from June 28 until its arrival in the vicinity of Warrenton. The four regiments constituting this brigade were organized as the Third Brigade, Third Division,, Third Army Corps, near Antietam Bridge, Md., on July 10. They were previously of the Eighth Army Corps, two of them, the Sixty-seventh and Eighty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, of the Second Division (Milroy's), from Winchester; the other two of the First Division (Kelley's), from Martinsburg, W. Va., and on June 28 were at Maryland Heights. These regiments, with other Winchester and Martinsburg troops, all under Brigadier General W. L. Elliott, evacuated Maryland Heights, and went in twenty-six canal-boats by way of the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal to Washington, D. C., leaving on June 30 and arriving at Washington on July 4, Encamped at Tenallytown same day. On July 6, marched to Washington depot, and went by railroad to Frederick, Md., arriving on the 7th. Marching from thence, arrived near Antietam Bridge on the 10th, the date of the organization of this brigade.

