
till their supports were compelled to retire, when they were withdrawn by Captain Smith, leaving three of the four that were in advance still on the hill and in possession of the enemy. Captain Smith says he supposed the hill would be immediately retaken by our troops, and that, as it was a place most difficult of access, it was wiser to leave them where they could be used against the enemy immediately we regained the hill. I regret the loss, but from my knowledge of the position and of the gallantry displayed by Captain Smith, I am convinced that it was one of those very unpleasant, but yet unavoidable, results that sometimes attend the efforts of the most meritorious officers. The attack on the left of our line involved Winslow's battery. From the position of the battery and of the infantry supporting, it was deemed best for a time to fire solid shot into the woods over our troops, who were fighting in front under protection of a stone wall. This fire was very effective (as such use of solid shot always is when troops are engaged in woods, the moral effect being at least equal to the physical), and was continued till our troops in front fell back of his battery, when Captain Winslow used case shot, 1 and 1 1/2 second fuse, ending with canister. When the enemy had gained two sides of the woods, and the position was no longer tenable, Captain Winslow, by command of General Birney, retired handsomely by piece, losing heavily during the movement. The position of Captain Winslow's battery did not seem to be very good, owing to the nearness of the woods on all sides, but the result proved that the battery was able to do good service, and Captain Winslow deserves credit, not only for the good working of his battery, but for the handsome manner in which he withdrew under trying circumstances. In the open field between the woods occupied for a time by Barnes' division, of the Fifth Corps, and the Emmitsburg road, were Bigelow's (Massachusetts), Clark's (New Jersey), and Ames' (New York) batteries. Of Bigelow's, I can only say that they took the position I assigned them promptly under a heavy fire, and fought gallantly till compelled to retire. I have tried to obtain reports from the batteries of the reserve that the reported to Major-General Sickles, but with no success, excepting in the case of Captain Ames, G, First New York. Clark's battery, B, First New Jersey, was placed in position about 2 p. m. A column of the enemy had been discovered moving on the Fairfield road, toward the left of our line. Captain Clark opened with shell and shrapnel, making excellent shots, and diverting the column of the enemy to some road in rear of and covered by the ridge running perpendicular to the Emmitsburg road, near its intersection with the Fairfield. An hour later the enemy's batteries opened from this ridge, and Clark replied, while Ames' battery was being placed in the peach orchard on his right. The combined fire of Smith's, Clark's, and Ames' batteries soon silenced those of the enemy. The artillery fire, however, was only preliminary. Shortly after 3 p. m. the attack was made by the enemy's infantry. Beginning, as I have stated, on the left, near Smith's position, it extended to the right, and brought the whole line under a destructive, fire of musketry. The attack on the peach orchard, where Ames' battery was placed, was hardly less furious than that on the left. Ames' battery maintained its position under a fire from front and

