
right flank until it was relieved by Battery I, Fifth U. S. Artillery. Randolph's battery, E, First Rhode Island, was placed in position to counteract a cross-fire from the woods in front of the Emmitsburg road upon Ames' battery, and the troops in the peach orchard were immediately engaged with the enemy, composed of infantry and a battery of 12-pounders, in front and a little to the left of its position. The very effective fire of this battery of six light 12-pouders did great damage to our lines until it was silenced by the fire of Randolph's battery and a section of Ames' that had been turned upon it. Randolph's battery remained in this position, doing good service, but greatly exposed, as the returns attest, until the withdrawal of its support to strengthen the peach orchard and the subsequent repulse of our troops in that position made its withdrawal a matter not only of prudence but of necessity. Lieutenant John K. Bucklyn, commanding, received a painful wound while endeavoring to take from the field a caisson, some of the horses of which had been killed. All the batteries whose operations I have thus far described were supported gallantly and effectively by the First Division (Birney's), who held this very extended line, notwithstanding the overwhelming force thrown against it, from 3 p. m. until dark, fighting with the dogged determination that has made it famous. Seeley's battery (K, Fourth U. S. Artillery), supported by the Second Division (Humphreys'), was placed near the left of our corps line about 3 p. m., and became immediately engaged with artillery and infantry in its direct front. After driving the batteries in its immediate front from the field, and having been two hours in position, it directed its fire upon the guns of the enemy farther to the left, that were firing upon the positions held by Ames', Clark's, and Randolph's batteries. About 5. 30 p. m. Lieutenant Seeley was badly sounded, and the command devolved upon Second Lieutenant Robert James. At the same time, the enemy's infantry advanced under cover of the crest to very near the battery, and attacked it almost with impunity, and, as the supports had fallen back, the battery was withdrawn. A second position was taken and held till the next morning, when the battery was ordered to the rear. I have chosen to report the action of each battery rather than the artillery of the corps as a whole, at the risk of being thought diffuse, because I consider that in no other way can I convey a distinct idea of the operations of my command. The batteries were widely separated, and each performed special duties that no other kind of narrative could describe. At about 5 p. m. I rode along the line, and became aware that the batteries were becoming very much exhausted, and upon my representation of the fact to Major-General Sickles, he applied for batteries from the Artillery Reserve to relieve them; they arrived, however, too late for the purpose intended, but in time to be used by Major McGilvery in forming a second line. I was especially fortunate in having the advice and assistance of Brigadier-General Hunt, chief of artillery, Army of the Potomac, who examined the ground with me, and who, at the commencement and during the action, was present to contribute by his valuable advice to the efficiency of our artillery. I regret that I cannot more accurately locate the batteries. Having been absent from the army when our troops reoccupied the battle-field, I lost the opportunity of examining it after the battle,

