
as well as of correcting the impressions received during an action and hearing many incidents that might be of interest, though not mentioned in battery reports. A wound that I received in the shoulder early in the action prevented my being as active on the field as I desired, and although I was able from time to time to ride along the line and to keep informed of the progress of the battle in the various parts of the field where my batteries were stationed, I could not give the line the same personal attention I would had I been stronger. The conduct of my command was admirable. They were all in exposed positions, as the loss will show. The battery commanders

fully sustained the reputation they had gained by distinguished conduct in former battles, and to the old added the laurels of a new and most severely contested engagement. It is proper that I acknowledge here the valuable aid rendered me by Lieutenant P. S. Jastram, acting assistant adjutant-general of my brigade, whose duties were rendered more arduous by my own inability to keep the saddle, and who displayed the same energy, bravery, and good judgment that he had already given evidence of as a battery commander. Although in this battle of July 2 each of my batteries

was compelled to retire, I may be permitted to claim, in view of the grand results of the three days' fighting, that they contributed in no small degree to the success of our arms. I append statement of losses in men* and material.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. RANDOLPH,

Captain First R. I. Art., and Chief of Art. Third A. C.

Captain W. H. HILL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Army Corps.

Numbers 182. Report of Captain A. Judson Clark, Battery B, First New Jersey Light Artillery.

NEAR BEVERLY FORD, VA.,

August 14, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this battery in the engagement near Gettysburg, July 2: Early on the morning of July 2, the battery was moved to the front, and placed in the second, near the left, of the line of batteries. About 9. 30 a. m. the battery, by your orders, was moved to the front and left, and placed in line on the rise of ground midway between General Sickles' headquarters and the peach orchard, on the Emmitsburg road, where we remained until about 2 p. m. At this time the enemy's infantry was discovered passing in column across the Emmitsburg road to our left and front, and distant about 1, 400 yards, and, by direction of General Sickles, I placed my battery in position, and opened fire upon their position, using shell and case shot, firing very slowly and apparently with good effect, as, after some 6 or 7 rounds, the columns had entirely disappeared, and no more were seen to pass that point.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 178.

---------------

