
Nothing more transpired until about 3 p. m. (at this time the battery was in line at the foot of the next slope, near the peach orchard), when a rebel battery, which had just been placed in position near a house on the Emmitsburg road, about 1, 400 yards to our front, opened fire on my position, and I was ordered by you to go back and attack the battery. This I did, using shell and case shot, and, after a pretty short fight, silenced the battery, but only for a short time, when they opened again, as did other batteries which they had brought into position on my right. From this time until night the fire from them was rapid and severe. About 3. 30 p. m. the enemy's infantry commenced moving down from our front and right in strong columns, under cover of a heavy artillery fire, and the fire soon became sharp and obstinate. I immediately opened on them with shell and case shot, but although the fire seemed very destructive, opening large gaps in their ranks, it only temporally checked them, and they pressed steadily on. I continued firing case and shell, however, at the column, and, later in the fight, into the woods on my immediate front and left, in which the enemy were pushing our troops, that seeming to be at the time the main point of their attack. About 6. 30 p. m. another of the enemy's columns commenced moving across my front, and distant about 350 yards, when I began firing canister, doing great execution, throwing the column wholly into confusion, and causing it to seek shelter being the slope of a hill just beyond them. By this time our infantry on both sides had fallen back, as had also several batteries, when, having no supports, I deemed it best to retire, which I did, to near the ground occupied the previous evening. In the battle of the following day the battery was not engaged. I was obliged to leave one caisson and one caisson body on the field for the want of horses to bring them off, but subsequently recovered them. My loss in men was as follows: One man killed, 16 men wounded, and 3 missing, 2 of whom are know to be prisoners. I had 17 horses killed, and 5 disabled so badly that I was obliged to abandon them. Of the conduct of the officers and men, I can only say that it was in the highest degree commendable for courage and

bravery.

I am, captain, your obedient servant,

A. JUDSON CLARK,

Captain First New Jersey Artillery, Comdg. Battery B.

Captain GEO. E. RANDOLPH,

Chief of Artillery, Third Corps.

Numbers 183. Report of Captain George B. Winslow, Battery D, First New York Light Artillery.

CAMP NEAR WARRENTON, VA.,

July 28, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with instructions, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the battery under my command in the battle of Gettysburg: On the afternoon of July 1, my battery was left with a brigade of the First Division at Emmitsburg.

