
being severely wounded. The casualties were 1o men wounded and 8 missing. Ten horses were killed and disabled. All of my pieces could not have been brought off had my men been less brave.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE B. WINSLOW, Captain, Comdg. Battery D, First New York

Artillery.

Captain A. J. CLARK,

Acting Chief of Artillery, Third Corps.

Numbers 184. Report of Captain James E. Smith, Fourth New York Battery.

CAMP NEAR SANDY HOOK, MD.,

July 20, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the participation of the Fourth New York Battery, under my command, during the battle of Gettysburg, July 2. In compliance with instructions received from you, I placed two sections of my battery on a hill (near the Devil's Cave) on the left of General Birney's line, leaving one section, together with caissons and horses, 150 yards in the rear. The Fourth Maine Regiment was detailed as support, forming line in rear under cover of a hill. On my left, extending half way to the Emmitsburg road, was a thick wood, in which I requested Lieutenant Leigh, aide-de-camp to General Ward, to place supports. He informed me that a brigade had already been placed there, but this must have been a mistake. About 2. 30 p. m. the enemy opened fire on my right and front from several guns, directing a portion of their fire upon my position. I was ordered by one of General Ward's aides to return their fire, which order I complied with. Twenty minutes later I discovered the enemy was endeavoring to get a section of light 12-pounder guns in position on my left and front, in order to enfilade this part of our line, but I succeeded-in driving them off before they had an opportunity to open fire. Soon after, a battery of six light 12-pounders marched from the woods near the Emmitsburg road, and went in battery in the field in front, about 1, 400 yards distant. A spirited duel immediately began between this battery and mu own, lasting nearly twenty minutes, when Andrerson's brigade, of Hood's division, Longstreet's corps (rebel), charged upon us. The rebel battery then left the field, and I directed my fire upon the infantry. At this time I requested the officer in command of the Fourth Maine Regiment to place his regiment in the woods on my left, telling him I could take care of my front, but my request was not complied with. I used case shot upon the advancing column until it entered the woods, when I fired shell until they emerged from the woods on my left flank, in line of battle 300 yards distant; then I used canister with little effect, owing to numerous large rocks, which afforded excellent protection to their sharpshooters. I saw it would be impossible for me to hold my position without assistance, and therefore called upon my supports, who gallantly advanced up the hill and engaged the enemy. Fighting became so close that I ordered my men to cease firing, as many of the Fourth Maine had already

