
road, under a heavy artillery fire from the enemy. Commenced firing immediately, and succeeded in silencing several of the enemy's guns, but they soon opened from different points, and, owing to the peculiar formation of the line, we were at times exposed to a heavy cross-fire. The right section was detached from the rest of the battery and operated on the road near a small house. We were somewhat annoyed by sharpshooters, who were in a barn in front of the section, but dislodged them by a shell or two. The enemy appeared to have massed their infantry on the left of the battery, and the fighting was severe there, so that our supports were either sent to that point or some other, as for twenty minutes before we left the battery was without any support, and nothing in front but a few sharpshooters. Some of them reported to me that the enemy was advancing in line in the ravine in front, probably with a view of charging on the battery. Nearly at the same time the artillery and infantry on our left fell back. It was deemed best to withdraw the battery, which was done, the enemy appearing within a few yards of us and delivering a heavy musketry fire, from which we suffered severely. We abandoned one caisson for want of horsed, but regained it when our forces reoccupied the ground. Lieutenant Bucklyn being wounded in coming off the field, the command devolved upon me, and the battery was ordered to the rear, and, being badly cut up, did not participate in any of the subsequent fighting. The casualties were as follows: 2 officers wounded, 3 enlisted men killed, and 24 wounded; 17 horses killed and 23 disabled and abandoned. Respectfully,

BENJ. FREEBORN,

Second Lieutenant First Rhode Island Light Art., Comdg. Battery.

Lieutenant P. S. JASTRAM,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Art. Brig., Third Army Corps.

Numbers 186. Report of Lieutenant Robert James, Battery K, Fourth U. S. Artillery.

CAMP NEAR WARRENTON, VA.,

July 27, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with instructions from headquarters Artillery Brigade, Third Corps, I have the honor to submit the following report of the participation of Battery K, Fourth U. S. Artillery, in the battles of July 2 and 3: About 3 p., m. on the afternoon of the 2nd instant, the battery, under command of First Lieut, F. W. Seeley, Fourth U. S. Artillery, was ordered to a position on the crest of a small hill near the left center of our line, and immediately in front of the Second Brigade, Second Division, Third Corps. The enemy had a battery posted in our front, and distant about 800 yards, and were firing with good effect upon the infantry in our rear. We immediately opened fire with solid shot and spherical case, and, after a rapid and well-directed fire, lasting about fifteen minutes, succeeded in silencing this battery and causing it to retire.

