
About 5. 30 p. m. the enemy placed in position to our left and front, and distant about 1, 000 yards, some four batteries, and opened upon our line a most destructive fire. We immediately replied, but the enemy advancing their infantry in heavy columns, we turned our attention to them, firing as rapidly as possible shot, shell, and spherical case. The enemy having gained protection from our fire under cover of the slope of the hill in our front, we ceased firing, and prepared to receive them on its crest with canister. At this time it is with feelings of deep regrets I have to report that Lieutenant Ceeley was severely wounded, and had to be taken from the field, and I assumed command of the battery. The enemy advancing rapidly, and our infantry having fallen back, I had only time to fire a few rounds of canister, which, although creating great havoc in their ranks, did not check their advance, and, in order to save my guns, I was obliged to retire. I then took a position about 400 yards to the right, and placed my guns in position for the purpose of enfilanding their line. I had scarcely gotten my guns unlimbered when the enemy appeared on my right flank and in rear, deployed as skirmishers, and not more than some 30 yards distant, and, getting into the battery along with our own infantry, I could not fire, and it was with the utmost difficulty I succeeded in moving by the left flank and retiring to the rear, which I did in good order, losing, however, several of my men, who were taken prisoners, but most of whom fortunately succeeded in making their escape and returned to the battery. I then received orders from Major McGilvery, of General Hunt's staff, to take a position in an open field to the rear and left, and distant about 1, 200 yards from our original position (not having a sufficient number of men to man my six guns, I sent a section of the battery to the rear, and went into this position with only four guns), where I remained during the night. At daybreak on the morning of the 3d, the enemy opened upon the battery with sixteen guns from a position immediately in my front, and distant about 1, 300 yards, and with their sharpshooters, who were posted on a small hill about 300 yards in our front and in the woods on our left. I replied, firing solid shot and spherical case, and, after spending nearly all of the ammunition in the limbers (my caissons having been ordered to the rear), and not having any supports, I deemed it advisable to retire. I then reported to the major-general commanding the corps, and, by your direction, the battery was held in reserve during the remainder of the day. I have also to report that on the night of the 2d, with the assistance of the Sixth Maine Battery, and under the orders' of Major McGilvery, I succeeded in bringing from the field seven guns (four 3-inch rifled and three light 12-pounders), which had been abandoned by our troops during the day. I brought the three light 12-pounders to the rear, and the next morning I returned them to the Ninth Massachusetts Battery, to which they belonged. I had, for the want of time during the action of the 2d, to abandon four sets of harness, viz, one set wheel and three sets lead harness. My loss in men was as follows: Killed, 2 enlisted men; wounded, 1 officer (Lieutenant Seeley) and 18 enlisted men; missing, 2 enlisted men. I had 9 horses killed and 19 disabled, 16 of which I have been compelled to destroy, owing to the nature of their severe wounds.

