
I respectfully call the attention of the major-general commanding to the services of the artillery of this corps, under its chief,

Captain A. P. Martin, and the subordinate battery commanders, as detailed in his report. The regular batteries were the greatest sufferers. Hazlett's battery (D, Fifth U. S. Artillery) was especially distinguished, and Watson's battery (I, same regiment-though unfortunately taken away by General Sickles without my consent or knowledge-after falling into the hands of the enemy, was recaptured by Lieutenant Peeples, of the battery, heading the Garibaldi Guard, in the most heroic and gallant manner. Lieutenant Peeples richly deserves promotion for his conduct, and I trust the Government will not withhold it. I am happy to say the Fifth Corps sustained its reputation. An important duty was confided to it, which was faithfully and gallantly performed. Other brave men helped them in its execution, among whom the Sixth Corps was the most prominent. I respectfully beg leave to call attention to the reports of division and brigade commanders, herewith inclosed. The division commanders-Generals Barnes, Ayres, and Crawford-aided me in every particular with the utmost zeal and heartiness. I most urgently unite in their recommendations of the various gentlemen who distinguished themselves in and around the field of Gettysburg. Colonel Rice, who succeeded to the command of the Third Brigade, First Division, on the fall of Colonel Vincent, deserves great credit for the management of his troops. His position on our extreme left was one of the most important held by the corps, and the unflinching tenacity with which he maintained it, and his subsequent forcible occupation of the ground possessed by the enemy, with Chamberlain's regiment (Twentieth Maine) and two regiments of Fisher's brigade, Third Division, are worthy of the highest praise. The medical department, under Serg. J. J. Milhau and Asst. Serg. C. P. Russell, was organized in the most effective and satisfactory manner. My personal staff and the chiefs of departments were zealous, indefatigable, and ready for any emergency. I name them in the order of rank, and respectfully recommend them to the notice of the Department of War: Lieutenant Colonel Fred. T. Locke, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Colonel William H. Owen, chief quartermaster; Captain D. L. Smith, acting chief commissary of subsistence; Serg. J. J. Milhau, U. S. Army, medical director; Asst. Serg. C. P. Russell, U. S. Army, medical inspector; Captain John W. Williams, assistant adjutant-general and acting aide-de-camp; Captain William Jay, aide-de-camp, and First Lieutenant George T. Ingham, Eleventh U. S. Infantry, aide-decamp. The signal officers, Captain W. H. Hill and Lieutenant I. S. Lyon, performed their duties creditably. General Weed and Colonel Vincent, officers of rare promise, gave their lives to their country. The former had been conspicuous during the war, won and adorned his promotion, and surrendered it and his life on the spot he was called upon to defend. In this campaign of the Army of the Potomac, consequent upon Lee's second invasion of Maryland, troops never endured more, marched more in the same length of time, suffered more, deserved more, or fought better than they. Prompt response and obedience to all orders characterized them. Their record up to July 24, with its

