
Orders were received by the chief of the First Division train to take his train to the battle-field and remove 100 wounded, which were still on the field. On reaching the battle-field, and after a thorough search, he found but 2 of the First Division. He found a number of the Third Corps, which he had put in his ambulances and transported to their corps hospital.

Yours, respectfully,

JAMES A. BATES,

Captain, and Chief Ambulance Officer, Fifth Corps.

Dr. J. J. MILHAU,

Medical Director, Fifth Corps.

Numbers 189. Reports of Brigadier General James Barnes, U. S. Army, commanding First Division.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS, Aldie, Va.,June 22, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this division while under the command of Brigadier-General Pleasonton, commanding the Cavalry-Corps, on the 21st and 22nd instant: In conformity with instructions from Major-General Meade, commanding this corps, I reported for duty with the Cavalry Corps on the morning of the 21st, at 3 o'clock, and, receiving instructions from General Pleasonton, proceeded with the three brigades composing this division, under the command of Colonels Tilton, Sweitzer, and Vincent, of the First, Second, and Third Brigades, with the Third Massachusetts Battery (C), under the command of Lieutenant Walcott, to Middleburg. At that point the Third Brigade, Colonel Vincent commanding, was detached to accompany the division of cavalry under Brigadier-General Gregg, to meet the enemy, strongly posted a short distance toward Upperville, and posted the First and Second Brigades, with the battery, at Middleburg. For the operations of the Third Brigade, in conjunction with the division under General Gregg, I beg leave to submit the report of Colonel Vincent, which accompanies this report. The First Brigade, Colonel Tilton, of the Twenty-second Massachusetts, commanding, was dispatched to the relief of the Third Brigade in the afternoon of the 21st, which had been continually engaged with the enemy during the day. This brigade followed the retiring enemy as far as Upperville, when they received orders to bivouac. The Second Brigade, Colonel Sweitzer, of the Sixty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, commanding, remained at Middleburg. Strong pickets were thrown out toward Hopewell, on the south, and toward the Snicker's Gap road, on the north, and Lieutenant Walcott, with his battery, took advantageous positions to prevent any successful attack which the enemy might contemplate during the absence of the remaining portion of the command in the direction of Ashby's Gap. The pickets of the enemy appeared on the Hopewell road, but

