
made no attempt to approach to any point nearer than about 2 miles from the village. In this position we remained until the following day, when, by direction of General Pleasonton, the command prepared to return to Aldie. The First and Third Brigades, returning, moved in good order, followed by the Second Brigade and the battery. The enemy, following carefully the force as it was withdrawn, endeavored to annoy us, but, under the direction of General Gregg, the command halted, and was drawn up to await further orders from General Pleasonton. These were soon received, and the First and Third Brigades resumed the march toward Aldie, wile the First and Third with the battery were directed to remain to resist any attempt which the enemy might make to disturb the force as it was gradually withdrawn. With the exception of a few random shots, no important effort was made by them. The two brigades returned in order to their camp at Aldie on the same evening, and, on the following morning, the Second Brigade resumed its former position in the division. Under orders fromGeneral Pleasonton, I reported the return of the division to Major-General Meade, commanding the Fifth Corps, the whole command having successfully accomplished the object which had been designated by General Pleasonton upon first reporting to him for orders. It gives me pleasure to bear testimony to the zeal displayed by the command in their co-operation with the Cavalry Corps, and I mention with pleasure the names of the officers composing my staff in their prompt and ready discharge of the duties confided to them. Captain Mervine, my assistant adjutant-general; Major [William H.] Lamont and Lieutenant Ross, aides-de-camp; Captain [Percy B.] Spear, acting aide-de-camp, and Captain [George A.] Batchelder, ordnance officer, all discharged their duties in a manner highly creditable to them.

With great respect, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JAMES BARNES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Colonel A. J. ALEXANDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,Beverly Ford, Va.,

August 24, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the First Division of the Fifth Corps from June 28 to July 9, including the battle of Gettysburg and the movements of the command during the few days previous and subsequent thereto, in conformity with instructions from headquarters: On June 28, after a succession of rapid marches from Virginia, the division encamped about 2 miles to the south of Frederick City, Md. On the 29th, the command of the Army of the Potomac Having devolved upon Major-General Meade, until then commanding the Fifth Corps, Major-General Sykes, who had succeeded to the command of the corps, directed an early movement forward. The First Division, under my command, moved accordingly through Frederick City toward the town of Liberty, and, passing beyond that place about 2 miles, bivouacked for the night.

