
To the officers of my staff I am indebted for efficient and prompt attention to their arduous duties, namely: Captain [Catharinus B.] Mervine, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenants [Charles H.] Ross and [T. Corwin] Case, aides; Captain [George M.] Barnard, assistant inspector-general of the division, and Dr. [Charles] Shippen, the medical director of the division. The command remained in the same position the two following days. Being disable for further actual command of the division, the opportune arrival of General Griffin enabled me to relinquish it to him, and the division moved toward Middletown, where it arrived on July 8. A tabular and a nominal return of casualties have been duly forwarded. * The total strength of the division upon entering the engagement was, in the three brigades, 2, 664, and the aggregate of killed, wounded, and missing, 897.

Very respectfully, I have the honor to be, &amp;c.,

JAMES BARNES,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifth Corps.

Numbers 190. Report of Brigadier General Charles Griffin, U. S. Army, commanding First Division.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIFTH ARMY CORPS, Near Beverly Ford, Va.,August 14, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with circular from headquarters Army of the Potomac, dated August 12, 1863, I have the honor to report that I arrived at Gettysburg on July 3 last, and relieved General Barnes, in command of the division, on the 4th. On the day following, the division took up its line of march toward the Potomac, arriving at Middletown on the 7th, and from thence proceeded by way of Fox Gap to Jones Cross-Roads, in which vicinity it was occupied in strengthening its position and in outpost duty until the 14th, when it marched to Williamsport. From Williamsport the division proceeded to Berlin by way of Burkittsville; crossed the Potomac at that place on the 17th, and encamped for the night at Lovettsville, Va. On the 18th, the march was resumed and continued without interruption to Manassas Gap, by the way of Purcellville and Piedmont. Passing nearly through the Gap, it was deployed on the 23rd in support of the Third Corps at the battle of Wapping Heights. On the morning of the 24th, the division again took up its line of march to Warrenton, in the vicinity of which place it arrived, by the way of Barbee's Cross-Roads and Orleans, on the 27th ultimo. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. GRIFFIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 179.

---------------

