
the number of 430 wounded men transported from one hospital to the other when the hospital was changed; also 53 men transported for Second Division, Fifth Corps; also 32 wounded men collected from the several hospitals of the army and taken to division hospitals, making a total of 1, 157 wounded men transported by this ambulance corps upon July 2, 3, and 4.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. C. AYER,

First Lieutenant, and Chief of Ambulance Corps.

Captain J. BATES,

Chief of Ambulance Corps, Fifth Corps.

Numbers 192. Report of Colonel William S. Tilton, Twenty-second Massachusetts Infantry, commanding First Brigade.

HDQORS. FIRST BRIG., FIRST DIV., FIFTH ARMY CORPS, Middletown, Md.,

July 9, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the part taken by this brigade in the battles of the 2nd and 3rd instant. At 4. 30 p. m. on July 2, the brigade, under my command, advanced to the front, and was placed, by order of General Barnes, in order of battle in a piece of woods at the south of Mr. Roses house. The Second Brigade was on our left, but there being no infantry upon our right, I made a crotchet by refusing the right wing of my right battalion (One hundred and eighteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel Gwyn).

The line was like this:

ROSE's

******

2nd Brigade 22nd Brigade 1st Mich. 118th Penn.

----------

-----------

---------

-----------

18th Mass. 118th Penn.

----------

-----------

BATTERIES

^^^^^^^^^

No sooner was the line formed than the foe attacked our front. The onslaught was terrible and my losses heavy-so much so that I was somewhat doubtful if our line could withstand it. This face I communicated to the general commanding division, who ordered me to fall back in good order if unable to hold the position; but my men behaved nobly, and twice repulsed the assailants. My colonels wished to advance. Being anxious about my right, however, I reconnoitered in person, and discovered the enemy in large force coming from the direction of Roses house, with the evident design of outflanking me. I immediately retired and took up a new position (in two lines), at the

