
left and rear of a battery which had been posted about 300 yards to my right and rear. The battery soon commenced to retreat, firing, followed by the rebels, who were now again upon my right flank. To avoid this flank movement, I retired, firing, a short distance in the timber, and then moved across an open field, took up a new position upon the right of the Second Division, and reported to General Sykes. In this last movement I was greatly embarrassed by squads of men and parts of regiments, who, hurrying from the front, broke into and through my line. I think, however, that I saved my brigade from great disaster after it could no longer do any good in front, and succeeded in forming a new line, which was retained through the night. All of my officers and men did their duty, their whole duty, and showed the greatest coolness and courage, and where all did so well it were invidious to mention names. On the 3d, we relieved the Third Brigade, on duty, holding the rocky hill upon the extreme left. On the 4th, I advanced the brigade to the edge of the woods in our front, and sent out a strong line of skirmishers to feel the enemy. The report of this reconnaissance has been made by order directly to Major-General Sykes. My loss on the 2nd instant was 12 killed, 80 wounded, and 17 missing; total, 109. Owing to forced marches, we had remaining on the 2nd only 474 men, and as part of these were not actually engaged, it will be seen that the percentage of loss is very great.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. S. TILTON,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade.

Captain C. B. MERVINE,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Division, Fifth Corps.

Numbers 193. Reports of Colonel Jacob B. Sweitzer, Sixty-second Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.

HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS, June 10, 1863.

GENERAL: I beg leave to report that on the receipt of your letter of instructions of 6 p. m., 8th instant, received at 8 p. m., I called on General D. McM. Gregg, submitted your note to him, and requested information as to how he desired me to co-operate with him. The general explained to me the plan of his movements, and said he desired me to cross the river immediately after his forces had passed, and follow his column to a point beyond Mountain Run, which point would be indicated to me on my reaching it, and remain there until I should receive orders to withdraw. I then called his attention to so much of your note as directed me to occupy and hold the opposite side of the river after my connection with him had ceased, as I construed it. Finding he thought I should withdraw to this side of the river when I retired from the position assigned to me by him, on my return to these headquarters I addressed you a note asking further instructions on this point, and in reply received by daylight your note of 2. 30 a. m. of the 9th instant, saying, inter

