
alia, "When General Gregg shall notify you that he no longer needs your aid, you will reoccupy in status quo this side of the ford. " My command was ready, and crossed the river in the rear of General Greggs column, and followed it, keeping in sight all the way, to the point at which I was directed to halt, at, say, 10 o'clock. Colonel Abbott, with the First Michigan Volunteers, was in the rear of my column, and I directed him, as we passed out, to drop squads of men at the different cross-roads and other prominent points along the road, to keep open our communication. The command of General Gregg passed on. I made my arrangements to receive the enemy from the direction of Germanna, and Ellys Ford. After remaining in this position for some time, firing was heard in the direction of Rappahannock Station; in fact, while we were crossing the river, firing was heard in that direction. Then clouds of dust were seen approaching from the same direction; then down the road, at full speed, came the usual crowd of mounted contrabands, camp-followers, and stragglers, et id genus omne that should be in - rather than with an army, shouting, "We are all cut to pieces; the rebels are coming, &amp;c. " We halted them until the road was choked up, and then, to get rid of them, allowed them to pass on. Meanwhile the clouds of dust in the distance were approaching us, and then a large body of cavalry was seen coming over the crest of the hill in the direction of the dust. We were not certain whether they were our forces or those of the enemy. We endeavored to make them out with the aid of glasses. I could not distinguish, but supposed them to be ours; others thought they were the enemy. Meanwhile they were advancing by a road leading in our rear, and at the same time another cloud of dust was seen still farther to our rear, which seemed to indicate the passage of a large force, but who they were or which way they were going we could not make out. Under these circumstances, you can imagine that our situation was not quite as comfortable as it is on this side of the river; and we continued to watch with lively interest the current of events. Soon we saw the cavalry in the distance rally and make a stand; then reenforcements seemed to arrive; then they went back over the hill, the firing became more distant, and we did not see them again. We afterward learned that General Greggs cavalry had first met the enemy, composed of cavalry, artillery, and infantry, had engaged them, and, after a gallant contest, were compelled to retire some distance when we saw them; were then joined by Colonel Duffies command, and then advanced and drove them. At 2. 30 p. m. I received a verbal communication to withdraw across the river; it was delivered by a sergeant of cavalry. I questioned him closely as to his name, regiment, and company, of which I took a memorandum, and knowing Colonel Duffie to be in the command of General Gregg, and the message agreeing with what had been previously agreed upon by General Gregg and myself, I concluded it was authentic, and acted upon it. We started in at 3 p. m. and arrived shortly after 4 p. m. Nothing of interest occurred along the road. We have no casualties to report. Not a shot was fired by the command excepting at one of the picket posts. Shortly after my arrival here, I received a note in writing from General Gregg, which came down on this side from Rappahannock Station, instructing me to "withdraw the infantry forces, if I had not already done so. " 39 R R-VOL XXVII, PT I

