
The charges of the cavalry, a sight I had never before witnessed, were truly inspiring, and the triumphant strains of the bands, as squadron after squadron hurled the enemy in his flight up the hills and toward the gap, gave us a feeling of regret that we, too, were not mounted and could not join in the chase. As fast as the tired condition of my men would permit, we proceeded to Upperville, and took position, under General Pleasontons directions, in support of the artillery until 6 p. m., when we were relieved by Colonel Tilton, commanding First Brigade. General Pleasonton then left it to my choice whether I should return to Middleburg that night or encamp at a prudent distance in rear of Upperville. I determined upon the latter course, and at noon of Monday reported with my command to the general commanding at Middleburg. I send herewith both a nominal and tabular list of casualties, * among which, I regret to say, you will find Captain Mott, of the Sixteenth Michigan, who was severely, if not fatally, wounded in the gallant charge of that regiment upon the battery. I wish to express my thanks to the officers of my staff for their intelligent and energetic aid on the march and in the field, and commend them to the favorable notice of the general commanding. In addition to the assistance of the acting assistant adjutant-general, Lieutenant Clark, my acting aides, Captains [Amos M.] Judson and [Prentiss M.] Fogler, Dr. [James P.] Burchfield, and Captain [William T. W.] Ball, commissary of subsistence, both non-combatants, tendered their services, and, with the others, behaved with great gallantry and coolness in carrying orders under fire. To my regimental commanders I am indebted for the prompt execution of all orders, and for their skillful handling of their commands. Their bravery and judgment have long since been established.

I am, captain, your obedient servant,

STRONG VINCENT,

Colonel Eighty-third Pennsylvania, Comdg.

Brigade. Captain C. B. MERVINE, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 195. Reports of Colonel James C. Rice, Forty-fourth New York Infantry, commanding regiment and Third Brigade.

HDQRS. FORTY-FOURTH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS, June 22, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I respectfully report the following as the part taken by this command in the affair of June 21: This regiment left camp on June 21, at 3 a. m., forming a portion of the Third Brigade. At Middleburg we took the White Plains road, following it nearly a mile; thence to the right across the fields, and by a circuitous and covered route into an oak wood, where we halted. The regiment remained here about half an hour, when, in obedience to orders, it was moved forward and right-obliqued, with skirmishers

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 172.

---------------

