
thrown well to the front. After connecting on the right with the left of the Sixteenth Michigan Volunteers skirmishers, the line was moved directly, forward, our skirmishers being continually and sharply engaged with those of the enemy, who fell back as ours advanced. The regiment advanced rapidly in line of battle, with occasional halts to dress the line and allow the skirmishers to get a distance of about 2 miles farther to the front. The enemy appeared to have one battery of artillery, which fired occasionally, and fell back with our advance. When we reached a point about three-fourths of a mile this side of Goose Creek, this battery was posted upon the opposite bank, and opened upon us with shell and solid shot. The regiment went forward at double-quick under a very severe fire, and faltered not until it reached the stone wall on this side the creek. Skirmishers examined the creek, and, finding it not fordable, waited for orders upon the bank. After the lapse of half an hour, we left this position by the right flank, and, marching into the road on our right, crossed the creek on a stone bridge, and formed line of battle again in the fields opposite, to support a battery in position on the brow of the hill. Skirmishers were thrown to the front, and after a lapse of perhaps an hour the regiment again advanced. Continual skirmishing was kept up by the companies thrown out in advance. By successive advances and halts, we reached a point about 3 miles from Upperville, where we halted for an hour, at the expiration of which time we returned a distance of 1 mile, and bivouacked for the night. At about 7 a. m. of the 22d, the regiment returned with the brigade to which it is attached to its original camp, near Aldie, reaching that place at about 4 p. m. Herewith I transmit nominal report of casualties. *

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES C. RICE,

Colonel, Comdg.

Forty-fourth New York Volunteers. JOHN M. CLARK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS, July 31, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders from division headquarters, I have the honor to report the operations of this brigade during the battle near Gettysburg, on the 2nd and 3rd instant. The brigade, under the command of the late Colonel Vincent, was detached from the division and ordered into position at about 4 p. m. of the 2nd instant, on the extreme left of our line of battle. The Twentieth Maine occupied the extreme left of the brigade line, the Sixteenth Michigan the extreme right, connecting with the Third Division, under General Crawford, while the Eighty-third Pennsylvania and Forty-fourth New York occupied the center. The muskets taken into action by the brigade numbered about 1. 000. The ground occupied by the brigade in line of battle was nearly that of a quarter circle, composed mostly of high rocks and cliffs on the center and becoming more wooded and less rugged as you approached to the left. The right was thrown forward somewhat to the

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 172.

---------------

