
man that can be spared will be sent to me, as from all accounts the enemy is in strong force. So soon as I can post myself up, I will communicate more in detail.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

Washington, D. C., June 28, 1863-1 p. m.

Major General GEORGE G. MEADE,

Army of the Potomac:

I fully concur in your general views as to the movements of your army. All available assistance will be given you. General Schenck's troops outside the line of defenses will move as you may direct. General Couch is also directed co-operate with you, and to move his forces as you may order. It is most probable that Lee will concentrate his forces this side of the Susquehanna. In regard to supplies of horses, &amp;c., I send herewith a copy of a telegram to General Schenck on the 23d. *

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WASHINGTON, D. C., June 28, 1863-12. 30 p. m.

Major-General MEADE,

Frederick, Md.:

A brigade of Fitzhugh Lee's cavalry has crossed the Potomac near Seneca Falls, and is making for the railroad to cut off your supplies. There is another brigade of rebel cavalry south of the Potomac, which may follow. We have no cavalry here to operate against them. General Hooker carried away all of General Heintzelman's cavalry.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 28, 1863-2 p. m.

General HALLECK:

Dispatch received in relation to crossing of enemy's cavalry at Seneca Creek. Have ordered two brigades and battery to proceed at once in search and pursuit.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Frederick, June 28, 1863-1 p. m.

(Received 2. 20 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

Am I permitted, under existing circumstances, to withdraw a portion of the garrison of Harper's Ferry, providing I leave sufficient force to hold Maryland Heights against a coup de main? Reliable intelligence leads to the belief that Stuart has crossed at

Williamsport, and i moving toward Hagerstown, in rear of Lee's

---------------

*See Halleck to Schenck, June 23, Part III, p. 275.

---------------

