
of the general commanding the following-named officers, for their gallant conduct in battle on the 2nd instant:Colonel Chamberlain and Adjutant Chamberlain, of the Twentieth Maine; Lieutenant-Colonel Conner and Major Knox, of the Forty-fourth New York Volunteers; Captain Woodward and Adjutant Gifford, of the Eighty-third Pennsylvania, and Captain Elliott and Adjutant Jacklin, of the Sixteenth Michigan. Especially would I call the attention of the general commanding to the distinguished services rendered by Colonel Chamberlain throughout the entire struggle. To the loss sustained by this command in the death of Colonel Vincent I can refer in no more appropriate language than that used in the general order announcing it to the brigade, a copy of which I herewith annex.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES C. RICE,

Colonel Forty-fourth New York Vols., Comdg.

Brigade. Captain C. B. MERVINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division.

P. S. -In justice to the officers composing the staff, it gives me satisfaction to state, in explanation of my report, that at the time I took command, Captain [Eugene A.] Nash, inspector-general of the brigade, was, in obedience to orders received from Colonel Vincent, at the front watching the movements of the enemy, to report the same if he should attempt a flank movement; that Captain [John M.] Clark, assistant adjutant-general, in obedience to orders, was absent for ammunition, and that Captain [Amos M.] Judson, by orders, was absent for re-enforcements. During the night these officers rendered me the greatest service, and I desire to commend each of them to the most favorable notice of the commanding general for their gallant conduct both under Colonel Vincents command as well as my own.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, No. 5.
HDQRS. 3rd BRIG., 1ST DIV., 5TH CORPS,July 12, 1863.

The colonel commanding hereby announces to the brigade the death of Brigadier General Strong Vincent. He died near Gettysburg, Pa., July 7, 1863, from the effects of a wound received on the 2nd instant, and within sight of that field which his bravery had so greatly assisted to win. A day hallowed with all the glory of success is thus sombered by the sorrow of our loss. Wreaths of victory give way to chaplets of mourning, hearts exultant to feelings of grief. A soldier, a scholar, a friend, has fallen. For his country, struggling for its life, he willingly gave his own. Grateful for his services, the State which proudly claims him as her own will give him an honored grave and a costly monument, but he ever will remain buried in our hearts, and our love for his memory will outlast the stone which shall bear the inscription of his bravery, his virtues, and his patriotism. While we deplore his death, and remember with sorrow our loss, let us emulate the example of his fidelity and patriotism, feeling that be lives but in vain who lives not for his God and his country. By command of Colonel James C. Rice, commanding Third Brigade:

GEO. B. HERENDEEN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

