
July 20. -Broke camp early in the morning, and marched to near Upperville, on Goose Creek, arriving there at 2 p. m.

July 21. -Remained in same position.

July 22. -Broke camp in the afternoon, and went to Rectortown.

July 23. -Left camp early in the morning, and marched to Manassas Gap. Six companies were detached as skirmishers, and were on picket all night-four of the Eighty-third and two of the Forty-fourth New York Volunteers.

July 24. -In the morning advanced to the high hill in front of the position occupied the previous day. In the afternoon withdrew, and camped some 2 miles to the rear.

July 25. -Left early in the morning in the direction of Warrenton; at 4 p. m. bivouacked for the night.

July 26. -Broke camp early in the morning, and continued our march. When within 3 miles of Warrenton went into camp.

July 27. -Broke camp early next morning, and passed through Warrenton, camping about 3 miles from it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. RICE,

Colonel, Commanding Third Brigade.

Captain C. B. MERVINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 196. Report of Colonel Joshua L. Chamberlain, Twentieth Maine Infantry.

FIELD NEAR EMMITSBURG,

July 6, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with the request of the colonel commanding the brigade, I have the honor to submit a somewhat detailed report of the operations of the Twentieth Regiment Maine Volunteers in the battle of Gettysburg, on the 2nd and 3rd instant. Having acted as the advance guard, made necessary by the proximity of the enemy's cavalry, on the march of the day before, my command on reaching Hanover, Pal., just before sunset on that day, were much worn, and lost no time in getting ready for an expected bivouac. Rations were scarcely issued, and the men about preparing supper, when rumors that the enemy had been encountered that day near Gettysburg absorbed every other interest, and very soon orders came to march forthwith to Gettysburg. My men moved out with a promptitude and spirit extraordinary, the cheers and welcome they received on the road adding to their enthusiasm. After an hour or two of sleep by the roadside just before day break, we reached the heights southeasterly of Gettysburg at about 7 a. m., July 2. Massed at first with the rest of the division on the right of the road, we were moved several times farther toward the left. Although expecting every moment to be put into action and held strictly in line of battle, yet the men were able to take some rest and make the most of their rations. Somewhere near 4 p. m. a sharp cannonade, at some distance to our left and front, was the signal for a sudden and rapid movement of our whole division in the direction of this firing, which grew warmer as we approached. Passing an open field in the hollow

