
First Division, Fifth Corps, closed in mass, near and in rear of Gettysburg, to the left of the main road, during most of the day. The brigade was commanded by Colonel Strong Vincent, Eighty-third Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers. About 4 p. m. we moved rapidly to the extreme left of our line of battle, and went into position on the left of the brigade, at that time circling the crest of a high rocky hill. After deploying two of my largest companies as skirmishers -Bradys Sharpshooters from the left, and Company A from the right-I was ordered at double-quick to the right of the brigade, and to take my position on the right of the Forty-fourth New York. Before this could be accomplished, we were under a heavy fire of the enemys infantry. We succeeded, however, in securing our places after some loss. We remained in this position nearly half an hour, when some one (supposed to be General Weed or Major-General Sykes) called from the extreme crest of the hill to fall back nearer the top, where a much less exposed line could be taken up. This order was not obeyed, except by single individuals. From some misconstruction of orders, and entirely unwarrantable assumption of authority, Lieutenant Kydd ordered the colors back. None left with them, however, but three of the color-guard. They followed the brigade colors to where Colonel Vincent, after being wounded, had been carried, where they remained all night, joining the regiment in the morning with 45 men, who had left the field during and after the fight. All the remainder of the regiment retained their position until relieved. The two companies sent out as skirmishers numbered about 50. The number of muskets taken in line was about 150; the number killed and wounded 59-21 killed. * Several wounded have since died. On the 3d, we took up a new line farther to the right, at the left of the brigade, and remained on our arms for twenty-four hours. Captain Elliott and Adjutant Jacklin behaved with their usual gallantry. Captain Partridge, Lieutenants Borgman (wounded), Woodruff, Forsyth, Cameron (wounded, with arm amputated), Swart, Graham, Saltier, and Captain Chandler, behaved nobly and handled their men with coolness and valor. Lieutenants Browne, Company E, Jewett, Company K, and Borden, Company F, died, bravely defending the flag they had sworn to support and that they loved in their hearts, and emulating the bravest. I had no truer or purer officers, and their loss cannot be replaced.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. E. WELCH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant GEORGE B. HERENDEEN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 199. Report of Major Robert T. Elliott, Sixteenth Michigan Infantry.

CAMP NEAR BEVERLY FORD, VA.,

August 15, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of this regiment, supplementary to the report of the

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 179.

---------------

