
operations during the battle of Gettysburg, Pa., made by Lieutenant Colonel N. E. Welch,

July 6:

July 7. -Broke camp near Emmitsburg, Md., and marched in the direction of Frederick, Md., halting for the night at-.

July 8. -Marched over the Catoctin Mountains to Middletown, Md., and bivouacked for the night, and remained till

July 9, when we marched to near Boonsborough, Md., and bivouacked for the night.

July 10. - Marched to near Jones Cross-Roads, and a detail sent out to support skirmishers, in charge of Captain Elliott. Skirmishers became engaged with enemys cavalry vedettes, in which Company A, of this regiment, had 1 man wounded. Bivouacked in rear of pickets until morning of

July 11, when regiment moved to Jones Cross-Roads, and occupied position in brigade in close column by division, and advanced 2 miles in the direction of Hagerstown, and bivouacked.

July 12. -Moved forward as yesterday, in close column by division, nearly a mile, when, a rain storm coming on, moved to the left, where the regiment bivouacked in an open field till the afternoon of

July 13, when the regiment moved to the left in the direction of Williamsport, and a detail made for picket, which was sent out in charge of Lieutenant Eddy, Company G. Bivouacked for the night. During the night considerable skirmishing by the detail from this regiment. On the morning of

July 14, the enemys skirmishers fell back, and quite a number of stragglers were picked up by our men. Regiment moved forward to Williamsport, remaining over night in bivouac.

July 15. - Took up the line of march, passing through Keedysville and over South Mountain, halting for the night near Burkittsville. July 16. -Moved to near Berlin, Md., where we remained till the afternoon of

July 17. We crossed the Potomac into Virginia, and bivouacked for the night near Lovettsville, Va, Captain (now Major) Elliott being in command of the regiment, Lieutenant Colonel N. E. Welch having left us on sick leave, to go to Michigan.

July 18. -Marched to and bivouacked near Wheatland.

July 19. -Marched to near Purcellville, and bivouacked for the night.

July 20. -Moved to near Union, and remained there in bivouac.

July 22. -In the forenoon we marched to Rectortown, and bivouacked for the night.

July 23. -Moved at daylight into Manassas Gap, going to near Wapping Heights, where, in conjunction with the brigade and division, acted as support of the Third Corps. Passing through Linden, bivouacked on Wapping Heights for the night.

July 24. -Formed in line of battle, and, with the other regiments of the brigade, were thrown forward as skirmishers toward Front Royal. Were recalled about 1 o'clock, and, after a rest, moved back to near Linden, and bivouacked.

July 25. -Marched at daylight, and, after a tedious march, bivouacked for the night near Orleans, the men having marched all day without rations.

July 26. -Moved forward toward Warrenton, passing through Orleans, and encamped 3 miles from Warrenton.

July 27. -Passed through Warrenton; moved 3 miles on the Fayetteville road, and went into permanent camp.

