
The commanding officer takes this occasion to make mention of the general good conduct of both officers and men. The line officers are deserving of all praise for the manner in which their companies were brought forward at times when the men were without food and many of them shoeless. His thanks are hereby tendered them for the invaluable services they have rendered him during the time he has been in command. In conclusion, I have the honor to tender to the colonel commanding the brigade the assurance of the high esteem of the officers of this command, prompted not only by the knowledge of his former military service, but by the able manner he has handled the brigade.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. T. ELLIOTT,

Major, Commanding Sixteenth Michigan Volunteers.

Lieutenant JOHN M. CLARK,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brig., First Div., Fifth A. C.

Numbers 200. Reports of Lieut, Colonel Freeman Conner, Forty-fourth New York Infantry.
HDQRS. FORTY-FOURTH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,July 6, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the action taken by this regiment in the engagement on July 2: About 4 p. m. our regiment, Colonel J. C. Rice commanding, was placed in position on Round Top hill, with the Eighty-third Pennsylvania on our left and the Sixteenth Massachusetts on our right. Company B was immediately thrown out as skirmishers. When they had advanced about 200 yards, they met the enemy advancing in three lines of battle. Orders were immediately given by Captain L. S. Larrabee, commanding the company, to fall back upon the battalion. It was while executing this order that that faithful and brave officer was shot through the body and instantly killed, being the first officer that this regiment ever had killed in battle. The enemy continued to advance until the first line came within about 40 yards of our line. Upon their first appearance we opened a heavy fire upon them, which was continued until they were compelled to retreat. After they had disappeared in our immediate front, we turned our fire upon those who had advanced in the hollow to our right, and continued it until we were out of ammunition. After we had been engaged about one hour, Colonel Vincent, commanding brigade, was wounded, and the command fell upon Colonel J. C. Rice, and the command of the regiment upon myself. We remained in our position until the next morning about 8 a. m., when we were relieved by Colonel Hayes, Eighteenth Massachusetts. We were then moved to the right about three-eights of a mile, and formed in line of battle, the Sixteenth Michigan on our left and the Twentieth Maine on our right. I regret to add that in addition to Captain Larrabee, whose death I have already noticed, the officers are called upon to mourn the loss of

