
First Lieutenant Eugene L. Dunham, Company D, a brave and efficient officer, who was instantly killed during the heavy firing from the enemy in our front. Captain William R. Bourne, Company K; Captain Bennett Munger, Company C; Adjt. George B. Herendeen; First Lieutenant Charles H. Zeilman, commanding Company F, and Second Lieutenant Benjamin N. Thomas, Company K, were wounded, the latter, it is feared, mortally. It affords me great pleasure to be able to state that both officers and men behaved with the greatest coolness and bravery, not a single case of cowardice having come to my ear. Our casualties were:
 Officers and men.Killed.Wounded.Missing.TotalCommissioned officers.25....7Enlisted men24737104Total(*)26787111
Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

FREEMAN CONNER,

Lieutenant Colonel, Comdg. Forty-fourth New York Volunteers.

Lieutenant GEORGE B. HERENDEEN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FORTY-FOURTH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,August 14, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor make the following supplementary report of the operations of this command, from June 29 until its arrival at Warrenton, Va.: On Friday, July 10, I was ordered to take my command, in company with the remainder of the Third Brigade, to Jones Cross-Roads, Md., near Anteater Creek. Pickets were established, for which my regiment furnished three companies. The following morning at daylight skirmishing began, the enemy making his appearance in front in quite heavy force. Skirmishers were thrown out from my command with the others of the brigade, and the skirmishing was continued until I was relieved at 3 p. m. by a portion of the Second Corps, when I rejoined the brigade. Recrossed the Potomac River on Friday, July 17. Reached Manassas Gap on Thursday, 23rd instant, where we anticipated a fight, but were disappointed. Bivouacked near Warrenton, Va, July 29.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FREEMAN CONNER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Forty-fourth New York Vols.

Lieutenant JOHN M. CLARK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 179.

---------------

