
June 29. -Left camp in the morning, and marched 2 miles beyond Liberty, in the direction of Johnsville; encamped at 7 p. m.

June 30. -Left camp at 4 a. m., arriving at Union Mills about 4 p. m., where we bivouacked for the night.

July 1. -Broke camp at 6 a. m., arriving at Hanover, at about 3 p. m. ; left again at 5 o'clock, and arrived within 3 miles of Gettysburg at 1 a. m., where we bivouacked.

July 2. -Started at 4 a. m. ; went about 2 miles, when we got into position; remained some two hours, then crossed the creek and lay in position awaiting orders until about 4 p. m., when we were ordered to the front; immediately on arriving there became engaged; held that position, and bivouacked on the field that night.

July 3. -Remained on the field of the previous days fight until about 9 a. m., when we were relieved by the First Brigade and Ninth Massachusetts, of Second Brigade, we taking their old position farther to the right.

July 4. -Same position as previous day until we were ordered to relieve General Bartletts brigade, of the Second [Sixth] Corps. July 5. -Same position as previous day; started about 5 p. m. in the direction of Emmitsburg; bivouacked on the road about 10 p. m.

July 6. -Started at 6 a. m., and arrived at 12 m. within some 3 miles of Emmitsburg, where we encamped.

July 7. -Left camp about 6 a. m., and arrived within 5 miles of Frederick City at 6 p. m., where we bivouacked.

July 8. -Broke camp early in the morning, and arrived at Middletown about 4 p. m.

July 9. -Left Middletown early in the morning, and arrived within 2 miles of Boonsborough about noon.

July 10. -Broke camp early in the morning, and arrived at Jones Cross-Roads about 3 p. m. ; went on picket immediately.

July 11. -Changed direction of line to the right early in the morning; in the afternoon advanced to Pleasant Valley.

July 12. -Changed front to the left, and advanced on to the Hagerstown and Sharpsburg pike.

July 13. -Encamped in front of pike; two companies on picket.

July 14. -Advanced to within 1 mile of Williamsport.

July 15. -Loft camp at 4 a. m., and arrived near Burkittsville at 5 p. m., where we bivouacked for the night.

July 16. -Left camp about 4 a. m., and arrived near Berlin at 12 m. ; went into camp.

July 17. -In same position until about 3 p. m., when we recrossed the Potomac, and encamped near Lovettsville.

July 18. -Broke camp at 4 a. m. ; proceeded 7 miles in the direction of Purcellville; went into bivouac at 12 m.

July 19. -Left camp at 8 a. m. ; marched 4 miles to Purcellville.

July 20. -Broke camp early in the morning, and marched to near Upperville, on Goose Creek, arriving there at 2 p. m.

July 21. -Remained in same position.

July 22. - Broke camp in the afternoon, and went to Rectortown.

July 23. -Left camp early in the morning, and marched to Manassas Gap; had four companies detached as skirmishers and on picket all night.

July 24. -In the morning advanced to the high hill in front of the position occupied the previous day; in the afternoon withdrew, and encamped some 2 miles in the rear.

