
July 25. -Left early in the morning in the direction of Warrenton; at 4 p. m. bivouacked for the night.

July 26. -Broke camp early in the morning, and continued our march; when within 3 miles of Warrenton went into camp.

July 27. -Broke camp early next morning, and passed through Warrenton, encamping about 3 miles from it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. LAMONT,

Major, Commanding. Lieutenant

JOHN M. CLARK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

Numbers 203. Reports of Brigadier General Romeyn B. Ayres, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FIFTH ARMY CORPS,July 28, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit a report of the operations of this division in the battle of Gettysburg, Pa. The division was marched forward on the night of July 1 and 2 on the Gettysburg and Hanover road, and was formed in line of battle in rear of and facing that road, the First Division on its right. Later in the day it was marched to the left and center, and massed there. In the afternoon, the enemys attack on the left of our position being developed, the division, preceded by the First Division, was marched to the support of our troops engaged, the Third Brigade being placed in position on the general line of battle upon a rocky hill (usually called Round Top hill) of great importance, facing the Emmitsburg and Gettysburg pike. This brigade was ordered to hold this hill, which duty it performed well and effectually. The First and Second Brigades were placed on the general line, to the right of the Third, and shortly after, these two brigades were ordered to advance and carry a point some 250 yards in advance, whence the enemy were annoying our line, that point offering facilities for his sharpshooters, &amp;c., being wooded and rocky. This order was immediately put into execution, the brigades crossing the intermediate swampy ground rapidly, and forming on the left of a division of the Second Corps, the First Brigade in rear of and supporting the Second Brigade. Immediately the troops became actively engaged with the enemy in the woods, the line being now nearly at right angles to the line of the Third Brigade, the general line of battle. After some time, perceiving the troops on my right moving to the rear of my regiments, I sought information for its cause. General Caldwell, commanding next me, informed me repeatedly that his troops were being relieved by fresh ones, they being out of ammunition, &c. I then determined to move forward and sweep through and occupy the woods in my front, and gave the preparatory orders therefor, when I found that all the troops on my right had gone, and a large force of the enemy was coming down on my rear from the right. I immediately ordered the two brigades to face about and move to the right and rear, and form on the general line of battle on

