
was wounded, as well as my orderly, private of Seventeenth Pennsylvania Cavalry; this on July 2. Nor can I refrain from commending the conduct of Captain Thatcher, of the Fourteenth U. S. Infantry, commanding skirmishers on the reconnaissance of July 4. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. DAY,

Colonel Sixth U. S. Infantry, Commanding Brigade.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Second Division, Fifth Corps.

P. S. -My horse was killed in the affair of July 2.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION,July 29, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded. So much delay has occurred in getting this paper that I will forward it as a substitute for the report of the brigade commander required by regulations and custom of service from time immemorial.

R. B. AYRES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Numbers 205. Report of Captain Andrew Sheridan, Third U. S. Infantry.

CAMP NEAR WARRENTON, VA.,

July 28, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that this regiment, under the command of Captain Henry W. Freedley, moved with the division on June 13 from Banks Ford, and marched to Hartwood Church, Va. ; bivouacked near Catletts Station on the 14th; marched to Manassas Junction on the 15th. On the 17th, marched to and encamped near Gum Springs. June 19. -Marched, and bivouacked near Aldie.

June 26. -Marched through Leesburg; crossed the Potomac at Edwards Ferry, and bivouacked 4 miles from the Ferry; left camp about 4 a. m. next day, and marched to camp near Frederick, Md.

June 29. -Bivouacked near Liberty, Md.

June 30. -Marched to camp near Union Mills, Md.

July 1. -Marched to camp near Hanover, Pa. ; left at 6 p. m. same day, and marched in the direction of Gettysburg, and bivouacked on the road. Marched next morning (July 2) near Gettysburg; formed in line of battle, and was engaged with enemy until 8 p. m. ; lost during the engagement of that day 8 killed, 60 wounded, and 2 missing in action. Captain Henry W. Freedley, commanding the regiment, was severely wounded; Lieutenants Daingerfield Parker and Stanley Mourton were wounded. After Captain Freedley was wounded, the command of the regiment devolved on Captain Richard G. Lay. The regiment formed in line of battle, and remained so during July 3.

July 4. -The regiment advanced with the brigade and skirmished

