
with the enemy, losing 1 man; returned from skirmishing and went on front line of picket, where Lieutenant George B. Butler was so severely wounded that he lost his right arm. Remained there all night.

July 5. -Relieved from picket duty. At 5 p. m. marched about 5 miles on the Emmitsburg road and encamped. Remained in camp until

July 7. Marched at 6 a. m., passing through Creagerstown and Utica, and encamped near Utica.

July 8. -Marched, and bivouacked near Middletown, Md.

July 9. -Marched over South Mountain, and encamped near Boonsborough, Md.

July 10. -Marched to and encamped near Antietam Creek.

July 11. -Left camp and marched about 1 mile; formed line of battle in close column by division, and remained so until about 5 p. m., when the regiment advanced about 1 1/2 miles in line of battle, and bivouacked for the night.

July 12. -Advanced about 1 1/2 miles in line of battle, and remained so all night.

July 13. -Remained in line of battle.

July 14. -Advanced and encamped near Williamsport. These are the facts as far as I have any knowledge of them, not being present during the engagement. During the engagements and marches the regiment lost 4 commissioned officers wounded, 8 enlisted men killed, 60 wounded, and 3 missing. * The following officers were present at the engagement at Gettysburg: Captain H. W. Freedley, commanding regiment (wounded); Captain R. G. Lay, acting field officer; First Lieutenant Daingerfield Parker, (wounded slightly); First Lieutenant John Whitney, acting adjutant; First Lieutenants John H. Page, George B. Butler (severely wounded, arm amputated); Second Lieuts, Isaac A. Helm, George K. Pomeroy, August Kaiser, Stanley Mourton, and William Mitchell.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ANDREW SHERIDAN,

Captain Third U. S. Infantry, Commanding Regiment.

Captain WINTHROP, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigade, Regular Infantry.

Numbers 206. Report of Captain Julius W. Adams, jr., Fourth U. S. Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH U. S. INFANTRY,July 17, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Fourth U. S. Infantry in the engagement fought in and around Gettysburg, Pa., on July 2, 3, and 4: The night of July 1 was passed on the Hanover and Gettysburg road, 5 miles east of the latter place. On the morning of July 2, we broke camp at 4 o'clock, and marched 3 miles in a westerly direction. Halting, we there formed line of battle parallel to the road and about half a mile to the right of it. We remained in this position about one hour, when we recrossed the road, and, forming line of battle at right angles to it, moved in the

---------------

*But see revised statement, p 179.

---------------

