
June 28, 1863-3 p. m. (Received 4. 55 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

Your dispatch concerning capture of one hundred and fifty wagons received. Two brigades of cavalry, with artillery, had already been sent in pursuit of Lee. Colonel Lowell has been directed to return to Poolesville. Do you consider the information at all to be depended upon concerning a force of the enemy south of the Potomac? All our information here tends to show that Lee's entire army passed through Hagerstown, the rear passing yesterday a. m.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

JUNE 28, 1863.

Major ECKERT,

Telegraph Superintendent, Washington:

The major-general commanding desires to know if any reliable information can be given as to the direction taken by the cavalry force that ere at Rockville, the hour they left, the names of any generals or colonels, and the designation of any regiments. Did they return to recross the river, or proceed north, by what road, and when?

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., June 28, 1863-7. 20 p. m.

Major-General MEADE,

Frederick, Md.:

I doubt if there is any large force south of the Potomac; probably a few thousand cavalry, enough to render it necessary to have a strong rear guard, to protect the trains and picket the river. Lowell's command was ordered on the latter duty, but removed contrary to my positive order, which exposed your trains. We have no cavalry here excepting what we have picked up from Pleasonton's command.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

FREDERICK, June 28, 1863-8, 15 p. m.

(Received 10. 20 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

Your dispatch received. Colonel Lowell, as soon as your wishes were known, was ordered and will be left, and I shall intrust to him, through you, the guarding of the river. There seems to be no doubt that 3, 000 of the enemy's cavalry have been on our right, between us and Washington, to-day. My intention is now to move to-morrow on three lines to Emmitsburg and Westminster, having the army on the road from Emmitsburg through Westminster, or as near there as we can march. This movement is based upon what information we have here of the enemy's movement. The army tonight is as follows: First, Second, Fifth, Eleventh, and Twelfth Corps, with Artillery Reserve, within a few miles of Frederick; the Third Corps, 6 miles out toward Middleburg; the Sixth Corps, toward New Market, and expecting to reach there to-night. I have not decided

