
some disorder, the enemy rapidly advancing, I received from General Ayres, commanding division, the order to face by the rear rank and march to the position first occupied. The battalion marched to the rear in quick time under a galling fire, in good order, until I received an order to double-quick. This order was obeyed until the battalion reached a stone wall about midway in the valley. I then ordered the left wing to about-face and fire. They delivered their fire, and again joined the right wing, moving to the rear. The battalion was halted on the brow of the hill and faced to the front. The fire gradually slackened as night approached. About 8 p. m. the regiment moved to the left into the wood in rear of Lieutenant Hazletts battery. The regiment remained in this position during the 2nd and 3rd instant. On the morning of the 4th, the battalion was ordered out with the brigade on a reconnaissance. Captain Winthrop, with his company (B) was sent skirmishing, under command of Captain Thatcher, Fourteenth U. S. Infantry. After moving to the front, across the marsh before mentioned, the regiment and Fourteenth U. S. Infantry were formed into one line, and supported the Third, Fourth, and Sixth U. S. Infantry. While lying down in a clover-field, the enemy opened with artillery upon the line in front, which then moved slowly to the rear through our line. When they were clearly off the field, we were ordered to rise and move to the rear, the object of the reconnaissance being accomplished. During the whole of the operations our loss was 1 officer (Lieutenant Silas A. Miller) and 7 men killed, 3 officers (Lieutenants Liscum, Alston, and Vanvalzah) and 67 men wounded, and 14 men missing; total, 4 officers and 88 men. * The conduct of both officers and men throughout was entirely satisfactory-the officers giving confidence by their coolness, the men (especially when moving to the rear on the 2nd instant under a very heavy fire) exhibiting a steadiness highly commendable.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS S. DUNN,

Captain Twelfth U. S. Infantry, Commanding Battalion.

Captain F. WINTHROP,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigade, Regular Infantry.

Numbers 209. Report of Captain W. Harvey Brown, Fourteenth U. S. Infantry.

CAMP NEAR ALDIE, VA.,

June 22, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report, in obedience to the instructions I received this morning from you, to take a sufficient force for the purpose of capturing a certain guerrilla party, which was supposed to frequent the house of Dr. Ewell in this vicinity, that I left the camp for that object at 1 a. m., with 100 men and 3 officers (Captain Ilges, Lieutenants P. Collins and Downey) and 30 cavalry, and 3 officers of the Seventeenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and proceeded out the Aldie and Thoroughfare Gap road to a small church near the headwaters of Bull Run, or about 4 miles from this camp.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 179. 41 R R-VOL XXVII, PT I

---------------

