
given by a colored man, who stated Mosby had passed this place the morning previous, and had been overheard to tell Dr. Ewell that he would return at sunrise the next day. The result greatly disappointed my expectations, and a court of inquiry, called at the request of the officer commanding the cavalry detachment, will investigate the facts of the case.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

Numbers 210. Report of Major Grotius R. Giddings, Fourteenth U. S. Infantry.

CAMP NEAR BERLIN, MD.,

July 16, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to instructions, I have the honor to forward the following report of the part taken by the Fourteenth U. S. Infantry in the battle at Gettysburg: The regiment moved from bivouac in the road at 4 a. m. on July 2, and marched forward to a small piece of woods, where it rested until 4 p. m., when it was ordered to the front as a support to the Second Brigade. In obedience to orders, we moved forward to the crest of a small hill, at a short distance in front of which the Second Brigade was engaged, where we were halted and ordered to lie down. While lying there, we suffered severely from the fire of the enemy in our front. After lying in that position about twenty minutes, I received orders to face the regiment about and fall back, and while in the act of falling back we received a heavy fire of musketry from the rear and right flank, by which we suffered severely; but, falling back in good order, we faced about at the base of a hill in the rear. I soon after received orders to move to the left a short distance, where we bivouacked for the night. The next day, July 3, we lay under a heavy artillery fire, with orders to hold ourselves in readiness to repel an expected attack on our left, but did not go into action. At 7 a. m. on July 4, I received orders to hold my command in readiness to proceed upon a reconnaissance, as the brigade was ordered out for that purpose. Leaving camp about 7. 30 a. m., we moved nearly a mile to the front, where we halted, skirmishers being ordered to advance and drive in the pickets of the enemy. They were soon engaged, when the Third, Fourth, and Sixth U. S. Infantry were ordered to advance as a support, leaving the Twelfth and Fourteenth U. S. Infantry as a reserve. Soon after, I received an order to advance the Fourteenth through a small piece of woods on the left, in order to ascertain whether the house was occupied by our forces or those of the enemy. Deploying a small line of skirmishers in front of the battalion, I moved forward to within about 50 yards of the house, and halted, Captain Ilges, in charge of the skirmishers, reporting quite a number of wounded, both our own and those of the enemy, inside the house, and also a large quantity of arms at the house. At that time a battery of two guns opened fire upon us with shell at easy range, when I received orders to fall back and join the brigade. Upon joining, we immediately moved back to camp, where we remained a short time, when we were ordered upon picket.

