
At 4 p. m. of July 5, we were ordered to withdraw the pickets and join the brigade on the march. As to the behavior of both officers and men, there could not be too much praise given. It is enough to say that not one officer or private but did his whole duty. Our casualties were:
 Officers and men.Killed.Wounded.TotalJuly 2:Officers....22Enlisted men 17118135July 3:Enlisted men ....11July 4:Enlisted men ....33Total(*)17124141
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. R. GIDDINGS,

Major, Commanding Fourteenth Regiment U. S. Infantry.

Captain F. WINTHROP,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigade, Regular Infantry.

Numbers 211. Report of Colonel Sidney Burbank, Second U. S. Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., SECOND DIV., FIFTH A. C.,July 21, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that the brigade under my command, consisting of the Second, Seventh, Tenth, Eleventh, and Seventeenth Regiments U. S. Infantry, after a series of long and rapid marches, arrived in the vicinity of the enemy, near Gettysburg, Pa., on the morning of July 2. The brigade was formed in line of battle, its left resting on the right of the Twelfth Army Corps. Skirmishers were deployed in front, and the line advanced slowly through a thick woods, behind which it had been deployed, The line halted on the edge of the woods, and remained in that position for an hour or more, the skirmishers feeling for the enemy in front. At the end of this time, I received orders to withdraw the brigade and to establish it in a new position somewhat to the rear. The movement was commenced, but instead of taking up a new position, the brigade continued its march to the left for some 2 miles, when it was halted. There it remained until about 5 p. m., when, during a heavy cannonading, I received orders to advance, and the brigade took a route to the left. The rapidity of the firing increased, and I was soon met by a staff officer, directing me to move forward with the utmost dispatch. The command was, therefore, moved forward for some time at double-quick, but, fearing to exhaust the men, a little slower step was resumed. We were soon in the vicinity of the enemy, and I

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 179.

---------------

