
fully sustained their former reputation for gallantry and good conduct. As I am unable in my present position to ascertain the casualties in the regiment, I respectfully refer you to the report of Captain McKee* for the information. I desire to speak in the highest praise of the following officers, whose conduct came under my immediate observation, for coolness and earnest action during the engagement: Captain S. A. McKee, acting field officer; First Lieutenant and Adjt. A. W. Kroutinger; Second Lieutenants Francis E. Lacey, wounded (wounded also at Antietam, September 17, 1862), Thomas Byrne, D. W. Burke (wounded), Robert Davis, and James Butler. To First Lieutenant George H. McLoughlin, regimental quartermaster, who, I regret to learn, is wounded, I am deeply indebted, who aside from his duties as acting aide to the colonel commanding the brigade, rendered me special service during the day. His companions have to deplore the loss of First Lieutenant F. C. Goodrich, who fell in the heat of the battle.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. T. LEE,

Major Second U. S. Infantry, Commanding Regiment.

Captain J. W. AMES, A. A. A. G., Second Brig., Second Div., Fifth A. C.

Numbers 213. Report of Captain David P. Hancock, Seventh U. S. Infantry.

CAMP NEAR BERLIN, MD.,

July 17, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with circular, I have the honor to make the following report relative to the late operations of this regiment: After leaving the Rappahannock and making the usual marches incident to following an advancing enemy, some of them being unusually severe, we arrived in front of the enemy on July 2, having been nineteen days, including all delays, on the march from Bensons Mills. The regiment formed in line of battle on Rock Hill [Round Top] immediately in front of the enemy at about 5. 30 p. m., and at once advanced against him down the hill and across an open field, and remained some minutes under cover of a stone fence inclosing a wood, being then under a slight fire. Shortly after, the part of the brigade the Seventh was in ordered to cross the fence and wheel to the left, and form in a line perpendicular to the original direction and advance in the woods. This was immediately done, at the same time relieving a brigade already there. Our firing to the front then was slight, as no enemy was apparently visible in that direction. After remaining faced in this direction for a short time, the enemy became visible upon our right flank, and it was apparent he was endeavoring to flank us. At this juncture we were ordered to retire slowly, which order was obeyed with great reluctance by the men. While retiring, the fire of the enemy became very destructive, and, after recrossing the stone

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

