
fence and over the open field, became frightful, we receiving there a fire from three different directions. After again reaching the hill, the men were halted and remained in that position, being no more engaged during the operations. Although the loss during the engagement was frightful, being half of those engaged, I am happy to state that the regiment fell back in good order, and, with one exception, every man missing was finally accounted for as killed or wounded. No prisoners were taken from us. The loss was 1 officer (Lieutenant Miller) killed and 3 wounded; 10 enlisted men killed and 43 wounded; * 116 officers and men went into the engagement. The names of the officers engaged are, Captain Martin, First Lieutenants Miller and Curtis, Second Lieutenants Cullen, Cole, Crawford, Woodruff, Comba, and Grossman. Lieutenants Woodruff, Comba, and Grossman were wounded. As all the officers and men did their duty well, it is impossible for me to make individual distinctions in that regard, but I would respectfully remark upon the great coolness, gallantry, and intrepidity of Captain J. P. Martin, acting field officer, and to his great efficiency in keeping order and preventing confusion in the regiment. Since the day of the engagement to the present date, nothing of importance has occurred more than is ordinarily incident to a rapid march in the vicinity of the enemy.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. P. HANCOCK,

Captain Seventh U. S. Infantry, Commanding Regiment.

Captain J. W. AMES, A. A. A. G., Second Brig., Second Div., Fifth Corps.

Numbers 214. Report of Captain William Clinton, Tenth U. S. Infantry.

CAMP IN THE FIELD,

July 12, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with circular from headquarters Second Brigade, Second Division, Fifth Corps, I have the honor to report that the Tenth Regiment U. S. Infantry, numbering 10 commissioned officers and 83 enlisted men, and forming part of the Second Brigade, Second Division, Fifth Corps, was engaged in the battle of Gettysburg, Pa., on July 2. The regiment, after a long and fatiguing march, arrived in the vicinity of Gettysburg on the morning of the 2nd instant. Upon reaching the right of our lines, a portion of the regiment had been detailed as skirmishers, and deployed in front of the brigade. The skirmishers kept up a brisk fire upon the enemys pickets (who were driven in) until the brigade was ordered to the left. We moved at a rapid pace, part of the time at double-quick, until we arrived nearly opposite the center, where we halted and lay over until the afternoon, when we again proceeded to the left in rapid time and formed line of battle. As soon as the line of battle was formed, we advanced upon the enemy, who was in considerable force about 300 or 400 yards in front

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 179.

---------------

