
of us. His sharpshooters were posted to our left and front, upon a high point of ground, and protected by immense rocks. They did us considerable injury, as we were unable at the time to dislodge them. The enemy was driven from his position, which we held until he had been re-enforced and advanced against our right flank, which he turned. The enemy now opened a destructive fire upon our men, who were far inferior as to numbers. We then received orders to retire. The roar of musketry was so extensive that a great portion of our command did not hear the order to fall back until some minutes after it had been given. The enemy at this time was in front and on both our flanks. A portion of our corps coming to our assistance, drove the enemy in turn, and compelled him to retreat in great disorder. Our battery also opened upon him with grape and canister, slaughtering and driving him beyond his former position. The conduct of both officers and men is worthy of all praise. They did their duty nobly, and as they vied with each other in the performance of their duty, I cannot mention specially any names without doing injustice to the balance. I am grieved to report our loss as being very extensive. Of 10 officers and 83 enlisted men who were engaged with the enemy, 1 commissioned officer and 13 enlisted men were killed on the field, and 5 commissioned officers and 29 enlisted men wounded, with 3 missing in action. Three of the men who were wounded have since died, and a large number of the remainder are severely wounded. Inclosed is a list of casualties. * I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. CLINTON,

Captain Tenth U. S. Infantry, Commanding Regiment.

Captain J. W. AMES, A. A. A. G., Second Brig., Second Div., Fifth Corps.

Numbers 215. Report of Major De Lancey Floyd-Jones, Eleventh U. S. Infantry.

CAMP NEAR BERLIN, MD.,

July 16, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to the circular from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to furnish in brief a report of the operations of the Eleventh U. S. Infantry at the battle of Gettysburg, on the 2nd instant. In company with the other battalions of the brigade, we moved about 5 p. m. from our resting place, nearly opposite the center of the army, to near the Sugar Loaf or Round Top Mountain, a point near the left of the line. Immediately upon reaching this, we were ordered to advance in line of battle, passing from the shelter of a wood across an open field, through which ran a heavy morass. We advanced in good order, although exposed to a flank fire from the enemy, and halted immediately in front of a piece of woods, where we lay some half hour or more. Our brigade then relieved some troops of the Second Corps, for which purpose we advanced into the woods, at the same time changing our direction by a wheel to the left.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 179.

---------------

