
yet as to the Harper's Ferry garrison. I should like to have your views as to the movement proposed.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 28, 1863-4. 45 p. m. (Received 6. 05 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

The following statement has been furnished me. It is confirmed by information gathered from various other sources regarded as reliable. I propose to move this army to-morrow in the direction of York.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

[Statement.]

Thomas McCammon, blacksmith, a good man, from Hagerstown, left there on horseback at 11 a. m. to-day. Rebel cavalry came first a week ago last Monday. General [A. G.] Jenkins having 1, 200 mounted infantry, said to be picked men from Jackson's men, and 300 or 400 cavalry of his own. The cavalry went back and forth out of Pennsylvania, driving horses and cattle, and the first infantry came yesterday a week ago-General Ewell's men. He came personally last Saturday, and was at the Catholic church Sunday, with General Rodes and two other generals. On Monday he left in the direction of Greencastle, in the afternoon, Rodes having left the same morning. Rebel troops have passed every day, more or less, since; some days only three or four regiments or a brigade, and some days, yesterday, for instance, all of Longstreet's command passed through excepting two brigades. Saw Longstreet yesterday. He and Lee had their Headquarters at Mr. [James H.] Grove's, just beyond town limits, toward Greencastle, last night, and left there this a. m. at 8 o'clock. Think A. P. Hill went through las Tuesday. Heard from James D. Roman, prominent lawyer and leading Confederate sympathizer, who was talking in the clerk's office last night; said that their officers reported their whole army, 100, 000 strong, now in Maryland or Pennsylvania, excepting the cavalry. Mr. [William] Logan, register of wills, and Mr. [William H.] Protzman, very fine men in Hagerstown, have taken pains to count the rebels, and could not make them over 80, 000. They counted the artillery; made it two hundred and seventy-five guns. Some of the regiments have only 175 men-two that I saw, 150 men. Largest regiment that I saw was a Maryland regiment, and that was about 700. Don't think their regiments would range 400. Great amount of transportation; great many wagons captured at Winchester. Horses in good condition. Ewell rides in a wagon. Two thousand comprise the mounted infantry and cavalry. Saw Wilcox's brigade wagons yesterday or day before. Saw Kershaw's wagons in town yesterday. Kershaw's brigade is in McLaws' division, Longstreet's corps. Know Hood and Armistead. Have passed through Hood's division and Armistead's brigade. Pickett's division is in Longstreet's corps. The Union men in Hagerstown would count them, and meet at night. Officers and men in food condition; carry it in flour barrels, and give $5 for cleaning a horse; $5 for two shoes on a horse rather than 50 cents United States money.

5 R R-VOL XXVII, PT I

