
After firing a few rounds in the woods, it was discovered that the enemy was turning our right flank, and we were ordered to fall back, which was done in good order until we reached half way across the open field, when we became exposed to a cross-fire of the enemy, the effect of which was most deadly upon officers and men. Our loss up to this time had been comparatively slight, but in a few minutes we lost nearly half of the regiment, and that, too, without inflicting the slightest damage upon the enemy. We finally reached the wood, when we were enabled to reform and face the enemy. Our loss in this engagement was fearful. Out of 261 enlisted men and 25 officers, the regiment lost 106 enlisted men and 10 commissioned officers, among the latter some of our best officers. Captain Thomas O. Barri was wounded early in the retreat, and while being kindly assisted to the rear by Lieutenant Herbert Kenaston, Eleventh U. S. Infantry, both were struck down. The former lived long enough to die in the arms of his companions. In their loss the regiment mourns two gallant officers. The former had particularly endeared himself by his social and amiable qualities. Second Lieutenant Henry Rochford, a promising young officer, fell about the same time, mortally wounded. The following is a list of the officers who still survive their wounds: First Lieutenant Matthew Elder and Second Lieutenant A. J. Barber, legs amputated above the knee; Second Lieutenant Lemuel Pettee, leg shattered above the ankle; Second Lieutenant O. H. Nealy, wounded in neck; Captain J. M. Goodhue, finger amputated; Captain W. G. Edgerton, wounded by spent ball (for duty), and Second Lieutenant A. A. Harbach, struck in thigh, not seriously. Where all did so well it is difficult to particularize. I therefore give the names of those officers who participated, in addition to those already enumerated: Captains George Gibson, C. S. Russell, and Caleb R. Layton; First Lieutenants E. A. Ellsworth, G. E. Head, I. B. Wright, James P. Pratt, Joseph M. Ritner, and F. A. Field, battalion adjutant, and Second Lieutenants E. S. Huntington, R. Robins, J. McIntosh, Wright Staples, and David Hazzard. Captain Gibson joined us from detached service in time to take part.

Respectfully,

DE L. FLOYD-JONES,

Major Eleventh U. S. Infantry, Comdg. Regiment.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Second Brigade, Second Division, Fifth Corps.

Numbers 216. Report of Lieutenant Colonel J. Durell Greene, Seventeenth U. S. Infantry.

CAMP NEAR PURCELLVILLE, VA.,

July 19, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that the Seventeenth U. S. Infantry, under my command, numbering 25 officers and 235 enlisted men, and forming a portion of the Second Brigade, Second Division, Fifth Army Corps, was engaged in the battle of Gettysburg, July 2. The regiment formed the left of the brigade line, and went into action at 6 p. m. From the position in line, the nature of the ground

