
passed over, and other circumstances, the regiment suffered severely from the fire of the enemy, as the list of casualties, recently forwarded, will show. The regiment was engaged in all about two hours, and retired with the brigade. The regiment mourns as killed First Lieutenant W. H. Chamberlin, and Second Lieutenant E. S. Abbot, mortally wounded, young officers but recently promoted from the ranks. Both officers and men behaved with just credit under the trying circumstances in which they were placed. I particularly remarked Captain E. H. Ludington, Company B, Second Battalion; First Lieutenant A. Menzies, adjutant First Battalion, and Second Lieutenant F. E. Stimpson, acting battalion quartermaster, as distinguished for coolness and gallantry.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. DURELL GREENE,

Lieutenant Colonel Seventeenth U. S. Infantry, Commanding.

Captain J. W. AMES,

A. A. A. G., Second Brig., Second Div., Fifth Corps.

Numbers 217. Report of Colonel Kenner Garrard, One hundred and forty-sixth New York Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIG., SECOND DIV., FIFTH ARMY CORPS,Camp near Berlin, Md.,

July 16, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Third Brigade in the late battle near Gettysburg: On the 2nd instant, after changing position several times in the early part of the morning, the brigade with the division remained idle, lying by their arms until about 4 p. m. At this time the brigade was moved rapidly forward [most of the time at the double-quick] nearly 1 1/2 miles, when it came under the fire of the enemy's musketry. At this point the leading regiment, under the direction of General Warren, chief engineer Army of the Potomac, was led to the left, up on what is known as Round Top ridge. Hazlett's battery ascended the ridge immediately in rear of this regiment [the One hundred and fortieth New York Volunteers, Colonel P. H. O'Rorke commanding], and went into battery on the summit. The One hundred and fortieth was formed in line, and was immediately closely engaged with the enemy at short musket-range on the left slope of the ridge. A portion of the First Divison, Fifth Army Corps, was engaged to the left of the ridge, and this regiment and Hazlett's battery were brought up to assist the First Division in repelling a heavy assault of the enemy, with the evident design of gaining this ridge. colonel O'Rorke was mortally wounded at the head of his regiment while leading it into action. The other regiments-One hundred and forty-sixth New York Volunteers and the Ninety-first and One hundred and fifty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers-were led to the right and front some distance, and formed in line in a narrow valley to support a portion of the Third Corps and Watson's battery, then severely pressed by the

