
enemy. Before becoming engaged, however, orders were received for these regiments to return at double-quick to Round Top ridge, and secure and hold that position. The Ninety-first was posted on the left of the battery, connecting with the One hundred and fifty-fifth were posted on the right, extending from the battery on the summit, along the crest of the ridge, to the gorge on the right. As soon as the regiments had their positions, men from each regiment were advanced down the slope to the front, in among the rocks, and, together with those in line on the crest, actively engaged the enemy during the rest of that day. At night this ridge, naturally strong, was strengthened by building a stone wall about half way down the slope, wherever the rocks offered no protection to the men. The next day the brigade remained in the same position, and though under the shells of the enemy and exposed to their sharpshooters, it was not engaged to any extent. When the brigade and Hazlett's battery seized this ridge, it was done under a heavy musketry fire, and was entirely unoccupied, excepting by a part of the First Division, on the extreme left, and I am gratified to report to the general commanding the division that the order to secure and hold this ridge was faithfully executed. At no time during July 2, 3, and 4, after its position was assigned it, did any regiment of the brigade leave its place, excepting at the time of the heavy assault a portion of some of the regiments advanced to the front down the slope of the ridge, in order to have a better fire at the enemy. A few moments after General Weed, the brigade commander, had placed his command in position on this ridge, he was mortally wounded on the summit, near the battery. Lieutenant Hazlett, commanding the battery, while offering his assistance to General Weed, fell, mortally wounded. I am pleased to report that all the regiments performed their duty well, and that during the two days' battle the officers and men conducted themselves in the most praiseworthy manner. A report of the casualties has already been furnished. *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

K. GARRARD. Colonel

One hundred and forty-sixth N. Y. Vols., Comdg. Brigadier

Captain GEORGE RYAN,

A. A. A. G., Second Division, Fifth Army Corps.

Numbers 218. Reports of Brigadier General Samuel W. Crawford, U. S. Army, commanding

Third Division.
HDQRS. PA. RESERVES, THIRD DIV., FIFTH CORPS,July 10, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this division in the recent battle near Gettysburg, Pa:

At daylight on the 2nd instant, while resting my command near McSherrystown, having marched nearly all the previous night, I re-

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 180.

---------------

