
across the stone wall, for the possession of which there was a short but determined struggle. The enemy retired to the wheat-field and the woods. The second line was immediately deployed to the left, the First Rifles {Bucktails, under their gallant leader, Colonel Taylor, gaining the flank and dashing upon the enemy, who, endeavoring for a moment to make a stand, finally broke and fled in disorder across the field, leaving his dead and wounded in our hands. As night was approaching, and my flanks were unprotected, I directed Colonel McCandless to hold the line of the stone wall and the woods on the right. Heavy lines of skirmishers were thrown out, and the ground firmly and permanently held. I then rode to the left, toward Fisher's brigade. Upon ascending the crest of the ridge, I found, from the report of that officer, as well as from Colonel Rice, of Barnes' division, that the Round Top was still in possession of the enemy's skirmishers, who were firing upon our men. It was important to hold this hill, as from its position it commanded that part of our line. I directed Colonel Fisher to occupy it at once. He immediately detached the Twelfth Regiment, under Colonel Hardin, the Fifth, under Lieutenant-Colonel Dare, and the Twentieth Maine Regiment, under Colonel Chamberlain, who advanced promptly, driving the enemy before them, capturing over 30 prisoners. During the night the division commanded by Brigadier-General Bartlett, of the Sixth Corps, was moved up to my support. At 5 o'clock on the 3d, I received orders from General Sykes, commanding the corps, to advance that portion of my command which was holding the ground retaken on the left, and which still held the line of the stone wall in front, to enter the woods, and, if possible, drive out the enemy. It was supposed that the enemy had evacuated the position. I proceeded at once to the spot, and directed the movement to be made. McCandless' brigade, with the Eleventh Regiment, under Colonel Jackson, were ordered to advance, throwing out skirmishers toward the right in the direction of a battery established by the enemy at noon, and which was plainly visible. I requested Brigadier-General Bartlett to move up one of his regiments to the stone wall from which I advanced, and also to throw a force toward my right, to protect that flank. The men of his command moved promptly into position, and rendered efficient service. The movement had hardly begun before this battery opened with grape and canister. The woods on the right were soon cleared; as soon as the skirmishers approached the battery, it ceased firing and fled. The line was then formed, and, under the immediate direction of Colonel McCandless, dashed across the wheat-field and into the upper end of the woods. The enemy's skirmishers were driven back as he advanced, and the upper end of the woods was now cleared. The command then changed front to rear, and charged through the entire length of woods. One brigade of the enemy, commanded by brigadier-General {George T. Anderson and composed of Georgia troops, was encountered. It had taken position behind a stone wall running through the woods, and which they had made stronger by rails and logs. We fell upon their flank, completely routing them, taking over 200 prisoners, one stand of colors belonging to the Fifteenth Georgia, and many arms. The colors were taken by Sergt. John B.

