
Round Top and in promptly and successfully occupying it. The enemy would undoubtedly have occupied it during the night. The prompt and efficient support given to me by Brigadier-General Barlett, commanding division, Sixth Corps, I desire here to acknowledge. The officers of my staff accompanied me throughout the action. Captain [Louis Livingston, my senior aide; Captain {Richard T. Auchmuty, assistant adjutant-general; Major {James P. Speer, inspector-general, and Lieutenant {Richard P. Henderson, aide-de-camp, accompanied the command on the charge and were among the foremost. Captain Livingston and Lieutenant Henderson are deserving of especial commendation for the prompt and fearless conveyance of orders intrusted to them on the 3d, under the immediate fire of the enemy's battery. Lieutenant {William Harding, the ordnance officer, managed his department with great credit, and promptly moved from the field a large proportion of the small-arms secured. His report has already been submitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. W. CRAWFORD,

Brigadier-General, Comdg. Third Division.

Lieutenant Colonel Fred. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS PENNSYLVANIA RESERVES,Near Gettysburg, Pa.,

July 4, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the following list of arms captured on the 2nd and 3rd instant by my command:First Brigade:Enfield rifles 469Springfield rifles 741Smooth-bore, caliber .69 207Austrian rifles, caliber .54 99Remington rifles, caliber .54 15Fowling pieces 2French rifles 96Springfield rifles, caliber .69 53Springfield rifled muskets, caliber .58 (issued to Colonel Penrose, Fifteenth New Jersey Volunteers)239Stacked on battle-field 1,151Third Brigade:Pieces unassorted 600Total3,672
The assorted arms are mostly in good order. In addition, I have to report the capture of one Napoleon gun and three caissons. The ammunition was used or destroyed on the field.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours,

S. W. CRAWFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Lieutenant-Colonel LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

