
was strewed with small-arms, 2, 000 or 3, 000 in number, the majority of which had been piled on brush heaps, ready to be burned. The enemy took up a new position on a wooded ridge about half a mile in advance of our front, and were busy during the night chopping timber and fortifying. About noon of the 4th instant, I was relieved by fresh troops, and moved back to my former position at the stone wall. I cannot close this report without calling special attention to the gallantry displayed by both officers and men of this command who were fortunate enough to enter the field when our left was overpowered and the enemy was boldly advancing on the key of our position.

I am, sir, very respectfully, yours, &amp;tc.

WM. McCANDLESS,

Colonel, Comdg. First Brigade, Pennsylvania Reserves.

Captain R. T. AUCHMUTY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 220. Report of Colonel Joseph W. Fisher, Fifth Pennsylvania Reserves,

commanding Third Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, PENNSYLVANIA RESERVE CORPS,July 9, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that at the recent battle of Gettysburg I marched my brigade to the left of General Sykes' corps, being the extreme left of the Army of the Potomac, and at once engaged the enemy, although very shortly afterward he retired, leaving large numbers of his killed and wounded on the field. Soon after the close of the fight of the 2d, I discovered in my immediate front a hill called Round Top, from the summit of which the enemy wa doing us great damage. I thought it highly important that we should at once occupy it. I accordingly took two regiments of my brigade, viz, the Fifth, Lieutenant-Colonel Dare, and the Twelfth, Colonel Hardin, and the Twentieth Maine, commanded by Colonel Chamberlain, and at 10 p. m. ascended the hill, which was occupied by a full brigade of the enemy. We went up steadily in line of battle, taking over 30 prisoners in our ascent. In the morning I discovered that the hill was of immense importance to us, inasmuch as that if we had not taken it the enemy most undoubtedly would have done so, and in that event our left would have suffered very much, if, indeed, it could have held its position at all. I also discovered that our troops were not well posted for defense, so I changed my position, throwing the left flank of the two regiments which had not gone up the hill around so as to completely cover the ravine between the two hills, and at once threw up a stone wall across the entire ravine and up the hill, thus giving my men a sure protection against any advance which could possibly have been made by the enemy. My officers and men behaved throughout with great coolness and bravery. Among others equally worthy of and deserving special mention, I beg leave to call your attention to the conduct of Colonel Hardin, of the Twelfth Regiment, who, still suffering from wounds

