
received at Bull Run, went gallantly up the mountain, leading his regiment to where hot work was expected; Lieutenant-Colonel Dare, of the Fifth Regiment, who was also wounded at Fredericksburg, led his regiment up the hill, over rocks and ravines; Colonel Warner, of the Tenth Regiment, who is still so lame from wounds received at Antietam as to be unable to walk without support, went into the engagement against my wishes, and behaved with great coolness and courage; Lieutenant-Colonel Snodgrass, of the Ninth, evinced all the elements of a soldier in his calm and dignified demeanor, while all the subordinate field officers are deserving of special mention, specially Major James H. Larrimer, of the Fifth Regiment, who, suffering from acute rheumatism, refused to remain out of the battle, although, in my judgment, unfit for duty. The members of my staff-Lieutenant [John L.] Wright, acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain [Hartley] Howard, brigade inspector; Lieutenants [Charles K.] Chamberlain and [William H. H.] Kerns, aides-all rendered me efficient support. Sergt. Thomas M. Fisher, acting as one of my orderlies, deserves special mention as exhibiting most remarkable coolness and bravery. My brigade captured and turned in to the proper officer over 1, 000 stand of arms, brought off over 200 wounded rebels, and buried 80 of their dead. Taking it all in all, I have no hesitation in saying that my brigade fulfilled their mission to Gettysburg.

[J. W. FISHER,

Colonel, Commanding Third Brigade.]

Numbers 221. Reports of Captain Augustus P. Martin, Third Massachusetts Battery, commanding Artillery Brigade, Fifth Army Corps.
HDQRS. ARTILLERY BRIGADE, FIFTH ARMY CORPS,Camp near Warrenton, Va.,

July 31, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Artillery Brigade, Fifth Corps, at the battle of Gettysburg, Pa.: The artillery entered the field between 4 and 5 p. m. on the 2nd instant, three batteries in rear of the First Division, viz: Battery D, Fifth U. S. Artillery, First Lieutenant Charles E. Hazlett commanding; Battery C, Massachusetts Artillery, First Lieutenant Aaron F. Walcott commanding, and Battery I, Fifth U. S. Artillery, First Lieutenant M. F. Watson commanding. Two batteries in rear of the Second Division, viz: Battery L, First Ohio Artillery, Captain Frank C. Gibbs commanding, and Battery C, First New York Artillery, Captain Almont Barnes commanding. On the 2nd instant, about 4. 30 p. m., Battery D, Fifth U. S. Artillery, was moved to the left of the First Division about three-quarters of a mile, and posted on an eminence known as Rock Hill [Round Top], forming a line nearly perpendicular to that of the First Division. Immediately upon taking up the position, the battery opened upon the enemy, who was engaging the First Division, completely enfilading the enemy's lines with marked effect. The battery kept up a continuous fire until dark. On the 3rd instant, the battery opened upon the enemy at intervals during the day, whenever he made his appearance in force.

