HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 28, 1863-7. 25 p. m.

General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington:

General Steinwehr, from the Mountain House, South Mountain, reports that his scouts inform him that 5, 000 of Stuart's cavalry passed through Williamsport yesterday afternoon. General Sedgwick, on the march up from Poolesville, reports that 3, 000 of the enemy's cavalry, with some artillery, are in his rear. This is communicated to you for your information. My impression is that Stuart has divided his force, with a view of harassing our right and left flanks.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., June 29, 1863-10. 35 a. m.

Major-General MEADE,

Frederick, Md.:

I have delayed answering your telegram of 9 p. m., received after midnight, in hopes of ascertaining something more of rebel forces on the Potomac; but there is nothing further that is reliable. The cavalry force in our front is said by some to be two, and by others three, brigades, with seven pieces of artillery. So far as I can judge, without a better knowledge of the enemy's positions, your proposed movement seems good.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WASHINGTON, D. C., June 29, 1863-11 a. m.

Major-General MEADE,

Frederick, Md.:

Since my last telegram, I have heard from Lowell's cavalry, at Rockville. The rebel cavalry which destroyed the train left Brookville early this morning, apparently for the Relay Junction or Ellicott's Mills. They have with them the captured mules and part of the wagons. Your cavalry may be able to cut them off. [Major William H.] Fry's cavalry* will be added to Lowell's, but they are too weak to do much.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-in-Chief.

Dispatch found on the body of a soldier, killed June 30; 4, 5 miles from Glen Rock.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 29, 1863-11 a. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Upon assuming command of the army, and after carefully considering the position of affairs and the movements of the enemy, I have

---------------

*From dismounted camp.

---------------

