
The battery remained in position until the 5th instant, when it was withdrawn, and took up the line of march with the corps. First Lieutenant B. F. Rittenhouse says: The battery had been engaged only about an hour, when First Lieutenant Charles E. Hazlett [who commanded the battery] was shot in the head. He was carried to the rear, and died at 8 p. m. In his death the Government has lost one of its bravest and most able officers. Second Lieutenants Charles H. Carroll and Samuel Peeples, Fifth U. S. Artillery, serving with Battery D, the latter having reported to this battery on the 3rd instant, after the battery with which he was serving [Battery I, Fifth U. S. Artillery] was disabled, deserve especial mention for their services during the engagement; also First Lieutenant B. F. Rittenhouse, upon whom the command of the battery devolved after the death of the lamented Hazlett, deserves credit for the manner in which the battery was served. The battery lost in killed, 1 officer and 6 men; in wounded, 6 men. Battery C, Massachusetts Artillery, and I, Fifth U. S. Artillery, were left in rear of the line of battle of the First Division, with instructions to await orders. When positions had been selected and orders sent for the batteries to move to the front, they were not to be found. Subsequently Battery C, Massachusetts Artillery, was found in rear of the Third Corps. The officer commanding reported that he had been ordered there by an officer of General Sickles' staff, who had orders to take any batteries he could find, no matter where they belonged. Battery I, Fifth U. S. Artillery, was taken in the same way, thus depriving the Fifth Corps of its proper amount of artillery. Battery C, Massachusetts Artillery, not having been relieved until about dark, was not put in position with the Fifth Corps. The battery lost 6 men slightly wounded, a list of which is inclosed; also 2 horses killed and 4 wounded. Battery I, Fifth U. S. Artillery, was placed in position by some unknown officer of the Third Corps. Second Lieutenant MacConnell, upon whom the command of the battery devolved when Lieutenant Watson was wounded, says: The battery was without support of any kind. The enemy appeared shortly - say twenty minutes - after taking position, nearly in front, at a distance of about 350 yards, and the battery immediately opened on them with shell. As they approached nearer, the battery poured in canister, some twenty rounds, until men and horses were shot down or disabled to such an extent that the battery was abandoned. It was, however, soon recaptured by the bravery and determination of Second Lieutenant Samuel Peeples, Fifth U. S. Artillery, who, having procured the services of the Garibaldi Guards, took a musket and led the charge himself, driving the enemy from the guns, and retaking everything that was lost, and conveyed it safely to the rear. Second Lieutenant MacConnell says: First Lieutenant M. F. Watson, commanding the battery, was wounded in the opening of the engagement, while in the faithful discharge of his duties. The conduct of officers and men throughout was unexceptionable. He also says: I would particularly notice the gallantry of Second Lieutenant Peeples and First Sergt. Lemuel Smith. The former I would most respectfully recommend for a bravest first lieutenancy, and the latter, in my opinion, is most deserving of promotion.

