
On the 3rd instant, the battery was reported unserviceable, and General Sykes, commanding corps, directed Lieutenant MacConell, with the approval of Brigadier-General Hunt, chief of artillery, Army of the Potomac, to go to Westminster, Md. It subsequently moved to Frederick City, Md., where Lieutenant MacConnell received orders from headquarters Army of the Potomac to report with the battery to Washington for re-equipment. The battery lost in killed, wounded, and missing, 1 officer and 21 men, a list of which is herewith inclosed; also 41 horses. The report of ammunition expended is not included in the report of the battery commandant. Battery L, First Ohio Artillery, Captain F. C. Gibbs, moved up to the field in rear of the Second Division. One section, commanded by First Lieutenant Guthrie, was posted on the slope of the hill known as Rock Hill [Round Top], to the right of Battery D, Fifth U. S. Artillery. Another section, under command of First Lieutenant Walworth, was posted at the base of the hill, commanding the ravine in font of Rock Hill [Round Top]. The remaining section was held in reserve. The two sections posted in front opened upon the enemy, when he advanced upon our lines, with spherical case and canister, doing good service in checking the advance of the enemy. First Lieutenant H. F. Guthrie and his section deserve special mention for the splendid manner in which the section was served. On the 3rd instant, the section in reserve was posted on the slope of the hill between Battery D, Fifth U. S. Artillery, and First Lieutenant Guthrie's section. This battery did not open upon the enemy on the 3rd instant, they being out of range of light 12-pounder guns. The battery lost 2 men severely wounded; also 1 horse killed and 4 wounded. Battery C, First New York Artillery, Captain Almont Barnes, took up position on the right of Battery L, First Ohio Artillery, with instructions not to fire until orders reached him to do so, the First and Second Divisions being in line covering his front. The battery remained in position under fire until the fighting ceased, without firing a shot or losing anything in men, horses, or materiel. At 3 a. m. on the 3rd instant, in compliance with orders, Captain Barnes reported with Battery C, Massachusetts Artillery, and Battery C, First New York Artillery, to Brigadier-General Howe, commanding division in the Sixth Corps, and moved to the extreme left of the line, and there remained in position without being engaged until the close of the engagement.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. P. MARTIN,

Captain, Commanding Artillery Brigade, Fifth Corps.

Brigadier-General HUNT,

Chief of Artillery, Army of the Potomac.

-, --. 1863.

Revised report of casualties in the Artillery Brigade, Fifth Corps, at the battle of Gettysburg, Pa.,

July 2 and 3:

Killed, 9; wounded, 33, and missing, 2. Total, 44. *

A. P. MARTIN,

Captain, Commanding Artillery Brigade, Fifth Corps.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 180.

---------------

