
On the morning of the 5th, orders having been received for a reconnaissance by the corps, my division, followed by the others, crossed the valley in our front, occupying the position held by the enemy the day before, and our artillery opened upon a body of the enemy on our right, which soon disappeared without replying, moving off to the rear in retreat. This was the last firing at Gettysburg on either side. Although the division was not actively engaged at Gettysburg, and suffered but trifling loss, yet, as before remarked, the arrival of the corps of which it forms part was most opportune, and, in my opinion, had an important influence on the result of the contest. Great credit is due to officers and men for the excellent spirit manifested by them on the fatiguing and extraordinary march accomplished in reaching the battle-field, and it is the more creditable as they had already performed a series of almost unprecedented marches, and were, to some extent, exhausted and required rest. I have made no attempt to detail the parts preformed by each brigade, as they are embraced in the reports of the brigade commanders herewith, nor do I inclose a list of casualties, such list having been already furnished to corps headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel M. T. McMAHON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. Sixth Corps.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS,Warrenton, Va.,

August 21, 1863.

COLONEL: In pursuance of instructions from headquarters of the corps to embrace in the report of the battle of Gettysburg all the operations of the troops from June 28 to the arrival of the army near Warrenton, I have the honor to present the following in addition to the report already submitted: June 28. -At 4 a. m. the command broke camp near Edwards Ferry, and moved to Hyattstown, a distance of 18 miles. June 29. -Marched at 4 a. m., via Monrovia, New Market, Ridgeville, and Mount Airy, to near New Windsor, a distance of 22 miles. June 30. -Marched at 4. a. m. through Westminster; encamped about 2 miles from Manchester, a distance of 23 miles. From the resumption of the march at about 9 p. m. on the night of July 1 until the 5th of that month, the operations of the division are detailed in the report of the battle of Gettysburg, already submitted. July 5. -The entire corps moved to the front of the lines at Gettysburg to feel the enemy, and, on ascertaining that he was retreating, started in pursuit, overtaking his rear guard about 2 miles from Fairfield at about 5 p. m., and driving it into town after a sharp skirmish, in which we lost 1 killed and 2 wounded, and the enemy 2 killed and 2 officers and 4 privates taken prisoners. July 6. - Moved through the town of Fairfield, and at 6 p. m. started for Emmitsburg, which place we reached a little before daylight; distance, about 8 miles. July 7. -Started at 11. 20 a. m., and halted at 10 p. m. in the mountains near Hamburg, in consequence of the severe storm and extreme

