
darkness, which rendered farther progress impossible, distance, about 15 miles.

July 8. - Moved soon after daylight over the mountains to Middletown, reaching that place about noon, a distance of about 8 miles.

July 9. -Leaving Middletown at 5 a. m. and passing through South Mountain Gap, took position at Boonsborough, with the enemy reported at Funkstown, in our front; distance marched, about 8 miles.

July 10. -Moved about 3 miles toward Hagerstown, and took position beyond Beaver Creek and near the Antietam, where we remained through the next day.

July 12. - Moved with the division and Eustis' brigade, of the Third Division, about daybreak, with orders to take possession of Funkstown and carry the crossing of the Antietam Creek, and to take possession of the high grounds beyond. The order was executed, and the command was established in the position designated, the enemy falling back as we advanced. Some time after crossing, and after the rest of the corps had come up, our line was moved to the left, to connect with the Fifth Corps, the First and Twelfth taking position on the right, and occupying the ground we had left. During the day, Captain R. W. Furlong, commanding Company D, Sixth Maine Volunteers, with his company, broke through the enemy's skirmish line, and, without the loss of a man, captured an entire company of the enemy, consisting of a captain, a lieutenant, and 33 enlisted men, a feat which is described by General Russell; under whose direction it was accomplished, as "highly daring and gallant. " The movement to the left, above referred to, brought the division in front of the enemy's skirmishers, strongly posted on a ridge parallel to and commanding our position, while his line of battle, from 600 to 800 yards in rear, occupied an equally advantageous position, strengthened by long lines of intrenchments. The ridge held by his skirmishers being vital to us, an attack was made upon it by a strong skirmish force from the three brigades of the division, which carried it handsomely just before dark, and held it. Our casualties were, 4 officers and 4 men wounded. During the evening, I received orders to make a reconnaissance of the enemy's position, with a view to develop his strength, in concert with commands from other corps, starting at 7 a. m. At daylight of the 14th, I received intelligence from the picket line that the enemy had retreated during the night, and at once ordered the skirmishers forward, proceeding with them some 2 miles beyond the enemy's intrenchments, when I ordered the advance of the division, and proceeded with it to Williamsport, where it was found that the enemy's force had crossed the Potomac River some hours before, and that farther pursuit was impracticable, owing to the depth of the river, which was rapidly rising and then too deep for fording. From Williamsport moved to Boonsborough on the 15th; to Berlin on the 16th; to Wheatland, crossing the Potomac, on the 19th; to Philomont on the 20th; to Little River pike on the 22d; to White Plains, via Rectortown, on the 23d, and to Warrenton, starting at 7 p. m. on the 24th, and arriving about 10 a. m. on July 25. The reports of brigade commanders are herewith.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT, Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel M. T. McMAHON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Sixth Corps.

