
Numbers 226. Reports of Brigadier General Joseph J. Bartlett, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade, First Division, and Third Division.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS,August 6, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part taken by this brigade in the battle near Gettysburg, from the evening of July 2. The brigade arrived on the field a little after 5 p. m., and was formed in two lines, as a support to the forces under command of Major-General Sykes, near the left of our line of battle. When my command arrived on the field, the troops in front were giving ground to the rear. The Third Brigade, Third Division, Sixth Corps, formed on my left, and, before my formation was complete, moved rapidly to the frond and right, completely masking my troops, and rendering an advance unnecessary. Our loss was 2 privates wounded. The troops rested in this position until the morning of July 3, when I was ordered by Major-General Sedgwick to take command of the Third Brigade, Third Division, with my own, and an advanced portion of the line assigned to me. About 5 p. m. I was ordered by Major-General Sedgwick to cooperate with Brigadier-General Crawford, commanding Pennsylvania Reserves, in a movement against the supposed position of General Hood's division. The reserves moved in a single line of battle, the Third Brigade, Third Division, under command of Colonel Nevin, Sixty-second New York Volunteers, forming a second line at an interval of 200 yards. Skirmishing commenced soon after leaving our original position, immediately followed by heavier firing. The first line was partly relieved by the second after being engaged about twenty minutes. At dusk the line was recalled, and occupied a position during the night a few hundred yards in advance of the original one. The loss in killed and wounded in my command was between 20 and 30 [a report has been furnished corps headquarters]. The enemy's loss in killed and wounded I could not ascertain. Prisoners to the number of about 200 were taken by the joint command. At 8 a. m. July 4, I was assigned to the command of the Third Division, Sixth Corps, but was ordered to command the Second Brigade, First Division, as a support to Colonel Day, commanding a brigade or regular troops, on a reconnaissance immediately in front of my position. The Second Brigade was not at any time during this reconnaissance advanced more than 500 yards, and returned to camp about 1 p. m. without loss.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

JOS. J. BARTLETT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain DALTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS, SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS,August 15, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the additional report of the movements of the Third Division, Sixth Corps, called for by circular from headquarters Army of the Potomac, August 12, 1863.

