
On the morning of July 5, at 5 o'clock, the First and Second Brigades moved from their position, near the center, and reported to me, near headquarters Sixth Corps, the Third Brigade occupying a position in front of the line at that point. The corps moved forward on the Fairfield road about 8 a. m., the Third Division bringing up the rear, and moved in the same formation to a point about 2 miles from Fairfield, where the enemy was found to occupy the road leading over the mountain. The next morning, July 6, was very misty and dark, rendering it impossible to obtain correct information of the enemy's movements until after noon, when the corps moved to the foot of the mountain, a portion of it occupying the pass. After dark, we moved on the road to Emmitsburg, and went into camp about 2 miles beyond the town at 1 o'clock the next morning. July 7. -Marched at an early hour in the morning, and, after passing Catoctin Furnace, took a road to the right, leading over the Catoctin Mountain, encamping late in the evening at Hamburg, on the summit. July 8. -Marched at 5 a. m., and arrived at Middletown about 9 a. m. July 9. -Marched at 5 a. m., arriving at Boonsborough at 10 a. m. July 10. -Marched at 6 a. m., in support of the Second Division, toward Funkstown. About 4 miles from Boonsborough, formed the division in two lines on the right of the pike. Skirmishing with cavalry and infantry was kept up until night, the enemy slowly retiring. July 11. -Our position was unchanged, with the exception of throwing two brigades of my division forward, one for picket and the other to strengthen the line of the Second Division. July 12. -About 10 a. m. passed through Funkstown, in rear of the First Division, Sixth Corps, and took up a position across the Antietam, in the center of the line occupied by the corps. Late in the afternoon, I received orders to advance my skirmish line, in connection with the line of the First Division, and take, if possible, the crest occupied by the enemy's skirmishers. This movement on my front was but partially successful. Owing to the formation of the ground, the enemy's line of battle was much nearer their skirmish line in my front than in front of General Wright's division. My loss in this movement was 9 privates wounded, 2 mortally. During the night I threw up a line of defenses covering the front of the division. On the morning of the 14th, information was sent me from my pickets that the enemy was not in sight. I immediately ordered an advance of my skirmishers, sent out a small scouting party, and sent information, as soon as it was found to be reliable, to corps headquarters. Soon after, I received orders to support General Wright, commanding First Division, in a reconnaissance in his front. Our advance was not interrupted by the enemy. We reached Williamsport about noon, and encamped. On the 15th, marched to Boonsborough. On the 16th, marched at 4 a. m., and encamped near Berlin. The 17th and 18th were spent in camp, receiving clothing and stores. On the morning of the 19th, moved at 7 o'clock, crossed the Potomac at Berlin, and encamped 6 miles from Lovettsville. On the 20th, marched to the Aldie and Snickersville pike.

