
On the 21st, remained in camp. On the 22d, marched to a point on the Little River pike about 4 miles from Upperville. On the 23d, marched through Rectortown and Salem, and encamped late at night near Barbee's Cross-Roads. On the 24th, marched at 4 a. m. for Markham Station, and returned by same route to Thumb River. On the 25th, marched by way of Orleans to Warrenton.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. J. BARTLETT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel M. T. McMAHON,

Assistant-General.

No. 227. Report of Colonel Emory Upton, One hundred and twenty-first New York Infantry.
HDQRS. 121ST NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,August 6, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the participation of the Second Brigade while under my command in the operations around Gettysburg, Pa.: The evening of July 1, I received orders from Brigadier General J. J. Bartlett to take command of the brigade. It commenced its march from near Manchester, Md., toward Taneytown about 10 p. m. Arriving near Westminster, its destination was changed to Gettysburg, where it arrived about 3. 30 p. m., having marched since the preceding evening 32 miles. The brigade rested about three hours, when it was ordered to re-enforce that part of our line which was engaged near Round Top Mountain. While on its march to that point, I was relieved from the command by General Bartlett. I know nothing of the operations of the brigade that evening or the ensuing day, excepting so far as relates to my own regiment, which took position in line of battle to support a battery to the right of the summit of Round Top, the right of the regiment resting on the road leading out to the Emmitsburg pike. One man was wounded by artillery on July 3. No other casualty occurred during the battle.

Respectfully submitted.

EMORY UPTON,

Colonel One hundred and twenty-first New York Vols.

Captain DALTON,

A. A. G., First Division, Sixth Corps.

Numbers 228. Reports of Brigadier General David A. Russell, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE,August 3, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to circular from headquarters Army of the Potomac, of date August 1, 1863, I have the honor to submit the

43 R R-VOL XXVII, PT I

