
following report of the part taken by this brigade in the battle of Gettysburg: This brigade reached Gettysburg on the evening of July 2. On July 3, early in the morning, it was put in position on the extreme left of our line of battle, and there held until late in the afternoon, when it was brought up to aid in opposing an anticipated attack on the center of our line. This brigade was not, however, actually engaged on that day. On the morning of July 4, this brigade relieved a portion of the Fifth Corps in the position held by a part of that corps, on the steep hill to the left of the center of our line. This position it retained until the morning of July 5, when, with the remainder of this corps, it was ordered in pursuit of the retreating enemy. There were no casualties in this command during any of the engagements on July 2, 3, and 4.

Very respectfully,

D. A. RUSSELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

Captain HENRY R. DALTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE,August 20, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report, in obedience to circular of date August 12, 1863, from headquarters Army of the Potomac: On June 28, this command broke camp near Edwards Ferry, Md., at 4 p. m. With the exception of much heavy marching and the share taken by it in the battle of Gettysburg, of which a report was forwarded from these headquarters on the 3rd instant, nothing of moment occurred until Sunday, July 12, on the morning of which last-mentioned day we were encamped within about 2 miles of Funkstown. Md. At 4. 30 o'clock on the morning of July 12, we broke camp and marched to about half a mile beyond Funkstown, where we halted and formed line of battle. The Sixth Maine Volunteers was placed on the left of the road [its right resting on the road] leading from Funkstown to Williamsport; the Fifth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers in the rear of the Sixth Maine; the One hundred and nineteenth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers on the right of the road, its left resting on the road, while the Forty-ninth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers was stationed by the general commanding the division about a third of a mile to the right of the road, to support a battery in position at that point. Astrong line of skirmishers was thrown out in front of the Sixth Maine Volunteers, and the skirmish line was advanced a little during the morning, and some brisk skirmish firing ensued therein. About 2 p. m. Captain R. W. Furlong, commanding Company D, Sixth Maine Volunteers, with his company, in a highly daring and gallant manner, broke through the skirmish line, and, without losing a man, surrounded and captured 33 enlisted men, a captain, and a lieutenant-an entire company. About 5 p. m. the entire command was moved about a mile to the left of the road and toward the river bank, on a line nearly parallel

