
to that it had occupied during the day. At this point the enemy had a strong embankment, in front of which were rifle-pits and covers for sharpshooters. Here two companies of the Fifth Wisconsin Volunteers and Company B, of the Forty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, were deployed as skirmishers, the right of the line connecting with the left of the First Brigade of this division, and the left of this line connecting with the right of the Second Division of this corps. There was much severe skirmishing at this point, and at about sunset the entire line, pushing the enemy's skirmishers before it, was advanced about half a mile to the crest of a hill most advantageously situated in regard to the enemy's position. The list of casualties in the command in the skirmishes of this day was as follows: Fifth Wisconsin Volunteers, none; Sixth Regiment Maine Volunteers, none; Forty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, 1 [First Lieutenant Edward T. Swain, wounded in thigh]; One hundred and nineteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, none; total 1. With the exception of 8 men of this command captured at White Plains [heretofore reported], there have been no casualties in the command other than have been reported since June 28.

Very respectfully,

D. A. RUSSELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

Captain HENRY R. DALTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 229. Report of Brigadier General Albion P. Howe, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS,Camp near Waterloo, Va,

August 7, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to instructions, I have the honor to report the part the Second Division, Sixth Corps, took in the battle of Gettysburg. The division left Manchester at 1 a. m. on July 2, and reached the field at Gettysburg at 5 p. m., 33 miles distant. The Third Brigade, under General Neill, was immediately placed in position to support artillery on one of the key-points of the line, and the remainder of the division was ordered to the support of the Fifth Corps. In this position it remained until the action of the day was over. During the battle of July 2 and 3, the Third Brigade was ordered to take position on the extreme right flank of the army, and the portion of the division in support of the Fifth Corps was ordered, with two batteries, to take position on the extreme left, to hold the left flank of the army. This position the division held until the close of the action, and until the morning of July 5. The brigade under Brigadier-General Neill, on the right, he reports as being almost constantly engaged with the enemy's skirmishers and sharpshooters. The portion of the division on the left was not actively engaged, but held its position under the enfilading fire of the enemy's artillery during the engagement. The dashing readiness with which the division went on to the field.

