
gallantry, though there were many. It was quick work and splendidly executed. The number of prisoners taken is not at this time known, but it is believed to be between 100 and 200. Captain Davenport sent in 2 officers and 34 enlisted men, who surrendered to him after dark, over Deep Creek, where Captain Davenport, of the Fifth, and Captain Boutin, of the Fourth, had been sent on picket. The casualties in the Fifth Vermont are 7 wounded. No casualties in either of the other Vermont regiments.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. A. GRANT,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

PETER T. WASHBURN,

Actg. Asst. Inspector-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST VERMONT BRIGADE,Camp near Rappahannock, Va.,

June 8, 1863.

SIR: On the 6th instant, I sent you from the thrice-tried battle-field of Fredericksburg an imperfect account of the gallant conduct of the Vermont troops in crossing the river and carrying the rifle-pits upon the other side. It was an exciting and brilliant affair, and no account can do ample justice to the brave officers and men engaged. Impetuous enthusiasm, when displayed in the face of the enemy, beggars description. The two companies first in the works were the Rutland Company, Captain B. R. Jennie, Fifth, and the Swanton Company, Captain Friend H. Barney, Fifth. The first man in the rifle-pits was Private Henry Moren, Company G. After clearing the rifle-pits and sending the prisoners down the bank, these two companies advanced as skirmishers, and drove those who sought safety in flight across the plain into the woods. Other companies and regiments hurried over with all possible dispatch, but there were not boats enough to take them over as fast as desired. The returning boats brought back the prisoners. It was an amusing scene, our men crowding the boats, and with cheers rowing for the other side of the river, and at the same time boats returning with rebel prisoners. On Saturday, the 6th instant, the Sixth Vermont was skirmishing nearly all day. They occupied a position from the river on the left by the Bernard house, around across the Bowling Green road to Deep Creek. The Sixth lost in the skirmish of that day 4 killed and 13 wounded. Among the wounded was Lieutenant Raistrick. A list of the killed and wounded of the Sixth is herewith forwarded. * There were no casualties in the Second, Third, and Fourth Regiments. The loss of the Fifth and Sixth Regiments was 4 killed and 20 wounded. The loss of the Twenty-sixth New Jersey Regiment was 2 killed and 17 wounded, making a total loss of 43 in the brigade. The brigade was the only force upon the south side of the river for nearly twenty-four hours. On the afternoon of the 6th, another brigade came over to our support, and on the morning of the 7th we were relieved from the skirmish line, but continued to hold the front line of battle until the evening of the 7th, when we were relieved by another division, and

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 193.

---------------

