
marched back to the north side of the river, having held the front in the face of the enemy about fifty hours. During a portion of the time, the enemy developed a very large force in our front. Officers and men behaved as becomes Vermonters during the entire time.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. A. GRANT,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

PETER T. WASHBURN,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., SECOND DIV., SIXTH CORPS,August 3, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part taken by this brigade at the battle of Gettysburg. The brigade arrived near the scene of action at about 5 p. m. July 2, having marched about 30 miles that day, and very soon moved out to the left center of our army, to take part, as was expected, in the struggle then going on. The position of the brigade was once or twice changed, and soon after dark it moved still farther to the left, and took position on the extreme left of the army, and one regiment, the Fifth Vermont, was thrown out as pickets or skirmishers. On the morning to the 3d, the brigade advanced a short distance, and took a position with its right resting on Round Top Mountain and its left on the Taneytown road, in which position it remained that day, taking no very active part in the battle, though exposed at times to solid shot and shell from the enemy's guns. On July 4, the brigade held substantially the same position, and during the day the Fourth Vermont, then on picket, was ordered forward to feel the enemy's position. It advanced about 1 1/2 miles, and had a slight skirmish with the enemy's pickets. John F. Marshall, Fourth Vermont Volunteers, was severely wounded in the arm and knee, which was the only casualty in the brigade. The officers and men all did their duty well. The cheerful and ready manner in which the regiments moved into position on the evening of the 2d, after the fatiguing march of that day, is worthy of especial mention.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. A. GRANT,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major CHARLES MUNDEE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 231. Reports of Brigadier General Thomas H. Neill, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade and Light Division.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIG., SECOND DIV., SIXTH CORPS,Camp near Berlin, Md.,

July 17, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to state, for the information of the major-general commanding the army of the Potomac, that on the night.

