
My force is tolerably well concentrated, moving with all the speed that the trains, roads. and physique of the min will bear. I am without definite and positive information as to the where abouts of Longstreet and Ewell. The latter I presume to be in front of you. The army is in good spirits, and we shall push to your relief or the engagement of the enemy as circumstances and the information we receive during the day and on the marches may indicate as most prudent and most likely to lead to ultimate success. I am anxious to heart from you, and get information of the dispositions of the enemy and his movements, so far as you know them. If you are in telegraphic communication or otherwise with Philadelphia, Baltimore, and Washington, I should like supplies and shoes accumulated, to be thrown to me on the line of the Northern Central or the Susquehanna, as circumstances may require or my movements may make most desirable. Please communicate my dispatch to the General-in-Chief; my communications with him are intercepted by the cavalry of the enemy on my right. Can you keep the enemy from crossing the river? Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, June 30, 1863.

Major-General Meade,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Your plan of operations is approved. I have just received your second dispatch by the hands of an orderly. I write no fuller for obvious reasons.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WASHINGTON, D. C., June 30, 1863-1. 30 p. m.

Major-General MEADE,

Army of the Potomac:

If you abandon Harper's Ferry, ordnance stores must not be destroyed. Such destruction can be justified only by absolute necessity. Forces have been sent up the canal to ascertain its condition. It is reported that all your stores and pontoons on the canal have been destroyed and the canal much injured.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

June 30, 1863-4. 30 p. m. (Received July 1, 4 a. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

HEADQUARTERS, TANEYTOWN. Two corps between Emmitsburg and

Gettysburg, one at Littlestown, one at Manchester, one at Union Mills, one between here and Emmitsburg, one at Frizellburg. Pennsylvania Reserves can't keep up-still in rear. General Lockwood, with the troops from Schenck, still behind; these troops cannot keep

