HDQRS. THIRD BRIG., SECOND DIV., SIXTH CORPS,August 3, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that immediately upon my arrival upon the battle-field of Gettysburg, 6 p. m., July 2, after a march of 30 miles, my brigade was detached by order of Major-General Meade to support a height crowned by a battery, which the major-general commanding the Army of the Potomac ordered to be held at all hazards. I took position accordingly, and found General Slocum in command, who subsequently ordered me to take position supporting the front line, then held by Generals Geary and Wadsworth. At midnight was ordered to return to my original position, as directed by Major-General Meade, which was done. On the morning of the 3d, Major-General Slocum ordered me to take position with two of my regiments on the extreme right of the whole army, and prevent the enemy from turning us. Upon taking position, I felt the enemy strong in sharpshooters, and put my whole brigade in position here, and stopped them from going any farther. Loss, 1 officer and 13 enlisted men killed and wounded. * On the morning of the 4th, I advanced my skirmishers to drive away the sharpshooters, when I found the enemy gone. On the morning of the 5th, rejoined my division, and marched with my division and corps, which drove the enemy out of Fairfield. On the morning of the 6th, engaged the rear guard of the enemy, and drove them into the gap at Fairfield. In the afternoon they left. Followed them, and held the gap. On this evening, was detached to command Light Division, consisting of my own brigade of infantry, Colonel McIntosh's brigade of cavalry, Lieutenant Martin's battery of rifled pieces, and two pieces of light artillery attached to Colonel McIntosh's brigade. The report of my operations with this command has already been sent direct to Major-General Meade.

Very respectfully,

THOS. H. NEILL,

Brigadier General, U. S. Volunteers, Comdg. Third Brigade.

Major CHARLES MUNDEE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 232. Reports of Brigadier General Alexander Shaler, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, Third Division.
HDQRS, FIRST BRIG., THIRD DIV., SIXTH CORPS,July 27, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor herewith to submit the following report of the movements and operations of this brigade during the battle of Gettysburg: At 7 p. m. on the 2nd instant, by direction of Brigadier-General Wheaton, commanding the division, this brigade was formed in line of battle on the left of the position held by the army, in rear of the Second Brigade.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 181.

---------------

