
At 8 a. m. of the 3rd instant, under instructions from General Wheaton, I reported with my brigade to Brigadier-General Geary, commanding Second Division, Twelfth Corps, which held the right of the position the army occupied, and, by his direction, took a sheltered position in rear of a piece of woods, beyond which the action was then progressing. Accompanying this you will find a copy of a report made to General Geary of the operations of the brigade while under his command. At 3. 30 o'clock, by direction of General Wheaton, the brigade was moved, under a terrific fire of artillery, to report to General Newton. A subsequent order, however, from General Meade, directed me to remain in rear of the position of the Third Corps, reporting to Major-General Newton for instructions. At 7 a. m. the brigade was moved, by direction of General Newton, about half a mile to the right, still in reserve, and remained in this position until 6 a. m. of the 4th instant, when the brigade rejoined the division, by an order received direct from General Meade. The regiments composing the brigade, without exception, acquitted themselves in a highly commendable manner. I append a revised list of casualties. *

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALEXANDER SHALER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

Captain A. J. SMITH,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, Sixth Corps.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, THIRD DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS,November 20, 1863.

SIR: My attention has been called to the report of the major-general commanding the army of the battle of Gettysburg, as published in the Washington Chronicle of the 13th instant, in which it is stated in substance that Wheaton's brigade, of the Third Division, was sent to the assistance of the Twelfth Corps. In justice to the officers and men of my command, whose good services were acknowledged on the ground by General Geary, and as appears by the accompanying report, I beg to ask the major-general commanding the army, through the intermediate commanders, for a correction of the report in this particular. The First Brigade, and the First alone, was directed, and did report to General Geary, commanding Second Division of the Twelfth Corps, on the morning of July 3, and went into action under my command by direction of General Geary. I inclose a copy of my report to the assistant adjutant-general of the Second Division, Twelfth Corps, and also a copy of the report to the acting assistant adjutant-general of the Third Division, Sixth Corps, for the perusal of the major-general commanding.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours,

ALEXANDER SHALER,

Brigadier General, Comdg, First Brig., Third Div., Sixth Corps.

Captain A. E. KING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Division.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 181.

---------------

