
[Indorsements.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS,November 21, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded, approved.

H. D. TERRY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,November 21, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded. In my report of the operations at Gettysburg, it is stated that "Shaler's brigade was also ordered first to the left and then to the right, and subsequently returned to the left center and held in reserve; " and it appears also that Wheaton's brigade remained in the position in which it was placed on the evening of July 2, i. e., on the left center. The mistake in regard to the position of the two brigades may have originated in the report of the commanding officer of the Twelfth Corps.

JOHN SEDGWICK,

Major-General, Commanding Sixth Corps.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 23, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded, with the recommendation that the necessary correction in my report of the battle of Gettysburg, which was based upon that of the corps commanders, be made.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., THIRD DIV., SIXTH CORPS,July 21, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to hand you the following report of the movements and operations of the several regiments of this brigade while under command of Brigadier-General Geary, during the action of the morning of July 3: At 9 a. m. the One hundred and twenty-second New York Volunteers, Colonel Silas Titus commanding, was directed to relieve the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, then occupying a position in the front line. Finding the brestworks had been hastily vacated by that regiment, they were immediately reoccupied by the One hundred and twenty-second, and held by them, under a severe fire of the enemy, until relieved by the Eighty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers at 11. 30 a. m. At 9. 20 a. m. the Twenty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel John F. Glenn commanding, was placed in position as support to, and 150 yards in rear of, the front line. After about three hours, five companies were, by direction of General Geary, reported to the lieutenant-colonel commanding a regiment of the Second Division, Twelfth Corps. These companies, being deployed in rear of the works, were, under a galling fire of musketry, advanced into them. Owing to

