
much exposed, wa not directly engaged, but lay, seeing the fight progress, until our services were more actively needed, but we were not called on to fire a shot. Never have I seen or heard of severer fighting. The field was bloody in the extreme. Our loss in this battle was 1 killed and 5 wounded. Killed: Private Charles Powers, Company C. Wounded: Corpl. John Leavitt, Company B, face; Private William McWilliams, Company E, hand; Private George Yound, Company F, hand and arm; Private R. Barnett, Company H, knee and face; Private William Thomas, Company H, back. Though the regiment has

marched hundreds of miles in the last month, and performed much arduous duty, it is, I am happy to state, in excellent health and spirits.

I am, general, yours, very respectfully,

H. ROGERS, JR.,

Colonel Second Rhode Island Volunteers.

General E. C. MAURAN,

Adjutant-General of Rhode Island.

Numbers 234. Report of Colonel David J. Nevin, Sixty-second New York Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD, BRIG., THIRD DIV., SIXTH ARMY CORPS,July 5, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of this brigade at the battle of Gettysburg, Pa.: On the evening of July 1, I was placed temporarily in command of the four regiments present comprising it, viz: Sixty-second New York Volunteers, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel T. B. Hamilton; Ninety-third Pennsylvania, Major John I. Nevin; Ninety-eighth Pennsylvania, Major J. B. Kohler, and One hundred and thirty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel F. H. Collier [the fifth regiment, One hundred and second Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel J. W. Patterson, having been detailed to guard wagon train at Westminster, Md.]. At 9 p. m. of July 1, left bivouac near Manchester, Md., and, together with the other brigade of the division, marched toward Taneytown. When a mile across the Gettysburg pike, were countermarched to the pike, and continued on in the direction of Gettysburg. At 8 a. m. of July 2, passed through Littlestown, Pa., and halted at 2 p. m. within 2 miles of Cemetery Hill, having marched nearly 34 miles within seventeen hours. At 4. 30 p. m. we were hastily marched forward and to the left of Rocky Hill {Round Top, the extreme left of our line, to support the lines of the Second and Fifth Corps. This brigade, having the advance, formed the first line of the Third Division, and had barely gotten into position when all the troops in front, excepting two regiments of the Pennsylvania Reserves, were driven back and up the hill, retreating irregularly through and past our line.

