
Numbers 235. Report of Major John B. Kohler, Ninety-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. NINETY-EIGHTH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLS.,August 1, 1863.

SIR: In accordance with circular of July 31, I have the honor to make the following statement: On July 1, about 9 p. m., the regiment started from near Manchester, Md., where it had been resting since the previous evening, marched all night, and the following day arrived in the vicinity of the battle-field, to the left of Gettysburg, about 3 p. m., where soon after it formed in line of battle, supporting the part of the Second Corps which was engaged with the enemy. While getting into position, the regiment lost 1 officer and 9 men wounded by the enemy's sharpshooters. During the whole of the 3d, the regiment was lying in the front line of battle, exposed to the enemy's fire, but protected by a stone wall. Here Lieutenant Manthe, of Company G, was wounded by one of the enemy's sharpshooters. On the 4th, held the same position, nine companies going out on picket in the evening, the remaining one having been detailed to bury the dead. On the 5th, the regiment again took up its line of march in the direction of Fairfield, and rested near Millersville. On the 6th, passed through Fairfield and Emmitsburg, and on the 7th, through Spring Mills, Stocktonville, and Mechanicstown, resting near Hamburg, on the South Mountain. On the 8th, passed through Lewistown, Franklinville, and Belleville, resting near Middletown. On July 9, marched to Boonsborough, and July 10 to Funkstown, where heavy skirmishing was going on at the time, and formed in line of battle. On the 11th, the regiment was again detailed for picket, relieving the Sixth Vermont, in command of Major Nelson. On the morning of the 12th, passed through Funkstown, three companies having been previously detailed on the advance, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Hamilton, Sixty-second New York Volunteers, and was engaged in throwing up earthworks during the night. On the 13th, 4 officers and 200 men, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Wetherill, Eighty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, were ordered on picket again. On the 14th, marched to Williamsport; on the 15th, to Boonsborough, and on the 16th to Berlin, where we remained until July 18.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. KOHLER,

Major, Comdg. Ninety-eighth Regiment Pennsylvania Vols.

{Captain GEORGE CLENDENIN, Jr., Assistant Adjutant-General.
