
Numbers 236. Report of Colonel John W. Patterson, One hundred and second

Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. 102nd REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,August 4, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with circular from brigade headquarters, dated August 3, 1863, I have the honor to forward the following report of the operations of my command from July 1 to 17, 1863, inclusive: July 1, camp near Manchester. - Was ordered to report to division quartermaster, for the purpose of guarding supply train to Westminster. Arrived at the latter place on the morning of the 2d. Reported to General Buford, and received instructions to picket roads leading to Gettysburg, Emmitsburg, and Taneytown. On the morning of the 5th, were relieved by cavalry, and moved to camp at wagon park. July 6. -Moved my regiment to the north and west of the town. At midnight joined the corps trains, and, after a fatiguing march through mud and rain, arrived and bivouacked within 1 mile of Frederick City. July 8. -At 12 m. of this date, resumed the march, passing through Frederick City, and at 7 p. m. reported myself and command to the general commanding the brigade, at Middletown. July 9. -Left Middletown, arriving at Boonsborough about noon; went into line of battle, bivouacked for the night, and, on the morning of the 10th, moved forward to near Funkstown. July 11. -Went on picket to the right of the Hagerstown road and near to Antietam Creek, relieving the Fifth Vermont Regiment, of the Second Division. On the morning of the 13th, moved forward, and took up position about 4 miles east of Williamsport, hearing picket firing in our immediate front. Heavy rain until nearly dark. At 1 a. m. of the 14th, relieved the Ninety-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, throwing up breastworks. July 15. -Moved to Williamsport, and went into camp. July 16. -Countermarched, and about noon reached Boonsborough. July 17. -Company B, detached with ammunition train, reported to me for duty with regiment. Resumed the march, and in the evening arrived within 2 miles of Berlin, Md.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN W. PATTERSON,

Colonel One hundred and second Regiment Pennsylvania Vols.

Captain GEORGE CLENDENIN, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 237. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William H. Moody, One hundred and thirty-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. 139TH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,August 3, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the operations of my command from July 1 to July 17, inclusive. On the evening of July 1, we left our bivouac near Manchester,

