
marched all night, and reached the battle-field of Gettysburg, Pa., about 3 o'clock on the afternoon of the 2d, having traversed a distance of 36 miles. About 5 o'clock in the evening the regiment, together with the rest of the brigade, was ordered into action on our left, which was seriously threatened. General Sykes' regulars, unable to withstand the fierce onslaught of the enemy, broke through our line in confusion. We delivered two volleys, and then charged on the enemy, driving him back in disorder. We lay that night and during the day of the 3rd in the second line of battle, supporting the Pennsylvania Reserves. Early on the morning of the 3d, Colonel F. H. Collier accidentally shot himself through the foot with a pistol-ball, and was compelled to leave his command. In the evening of the same day, the regiment took a prominent part in advancing our left, driving the enemy and recapturing one brass piece and three caissons belonging to the Ninth Massachusetts Battery. Our casualties in the battle of the 2nd and the affair of the 3rd [which have already been officially reported] were as follows: Three officers wounded, 1-Captain Jeremiah M. Sample-mortally; enlisted men, 17 wounded, two of whom have since died. Word of the death of Captain Sample has also been received. During the 4th, we remained at the front, and, on the afternoon of the 5th, joined in the pursuit of the enemy; came up with his rear guard near Fairfield. Remained in bivouac there until the evening of the 6th; then made a night march to Emmitsburg, Md. On the 7th, crossed Catoctin Mountains. On the 8th, marched to Middletown. On the 9th, to Boonsborough. On the 10th, lay in line of battle near Antietam battle-field. On the 11th, the regiment was ordered on picket near Funkstown. On the morning of the 12th, advanced my picket line on the south side of Antietam Creek as far as Funkstown, which was then evacuated by the enemy. Advanced through Funkstown, and went into line of battle a mile the other side, assisting during the night to erect breastworks. Remained there till the morning of the 14th, when it was ascertained that the enemy had left during the night and crossed the Potomac; marched to Williamsport. On the 15th, marched back to Boonsborough, and, on the 16th, to within a short distance of Berlin, where we bivouacked on the 17th.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. MOODY,

Lieutenant Col, Comdg. 139th Pennsylvania Vols.

Captain CLENDENIN, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 238. Reports of Captain William H. McCartney, First Massachusetts Battery, Artillery Brigade, Sixth Army Corps.

CAMP OF BATTERY A, MASSACHUSETTS ARTILLERY,

July 11, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 3rd day of July, current, this command was ordered into position on the left of the cemetery

