
near Gettysburg, by Major Osborn, chief of artillery Eleventh Corps, to relieve the First New Hampshire Battery, said to have been out of ammunition. A have also the honor to report that I caused to be collected, from a piece of woods directly in rear of the ground which had been occupied by said First New Hampshire Battery, 48 rounds of 3-inch projectiles, perfect; 22 rounds having been found near the position which had been occupied by one limber. I am, sir, with very much respect,

W. H. MCCARTNEY,

Captain, Commanding.

Captain A. E. KING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP BATTERY A, MASSACHUSETTS ARTILLERY,

Near Sulphur Springs, Va.,

August 14, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following as the operations of the battery from June 28, 1863, to the time of the arrival of this command at Warrenton: On the morning of the 28th of June, being then near Edwards Ferry, the battery marched through Poolesville, Md., to near Franklinville. It continued moving in a northerly direction through Maryland each day until July 2. At about 4 o'clock p. m. July 3, the command was ordered into position near the cemetery, on the left and rear of Gettysburg, but the enemy had been repulsed before the battery took position, and the battery was not engaged to any extent, four solid shot only having been fired. In the afternoon of July 5, this battery marched toward Emmitsburg, and continued the march nearly every day until July 25, when it reached the immediate vicinity of Warrenton. I have also the honor to submit that during the time above referred to nothing of importance occurred to weaken the men or material of this command, excepting the loss of horses by constant marches, which I am happy to say has been repaired since the date above last mentioned.

I am, sir, respectfully,

W. H. MCCARTNEY,

Captain, Commanding.

Lieutenant CRAWFORD ALLEN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 239. Report of Captain Andrew Cowan, First New York Battery.

WARRENTON, VA.,

August 15, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report:

On the 28th of June, with the Artillery Brigade, Sixth Corps, I marched from Edwards Ferry, Md., to Hyattstown; thence, on the 29th, to Sam's Creek; on the 30th, to near Manchester.

44 R R-VOL XXVII, PT I

