
up with the marches made by the army. Our reports seem to place Ewell in the vicinity of York and Harrisburg. The cavalry that crossed at Seneca Ford have passed on up through Westminster and Hanover, some 6, 000 to 8, 000 strong. The people are all so frightened that accurate information is not to be obtained. I shall push on tomorrow in the direction of Hanover Junction and Hanover, when I hope by July 2 to open communication with Baltimore by telegraph and rail, to renew supplies. I feat that I shall break down the troops by pushing on much faster, and may have to rest a day. My movement, of course, will be governed much by what I learn of the enemy. The information seems to place Longstreet at Chambersburg, and A. P. Hill moving between Chambersburg and York, Our cavalry drove a regiment out of Gettysburg this a. m. Our cavalry engaged with Stuart at Hanover this a. m. Result not yet known.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Similar telegram sent to General Couch at 5. 30 p. m. same date.)

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

June 30, 1863-11. 30 p. m.

Major-General MEADE:

The following dispatch has just been received, which, although you may be informed on the subject, I have ordered to be sent to you by express:

HARRISBURG, PA.,

June 30, 1863.

Major-General HALLECK.

Lee is falling back suddenly from the vicinity of Harrisburg, and concentrating all his forces. York has been evacuated. Carlisle is being evacuated. The concentration appears to be or near Chambersburg. The object apparently a sudden movement against Meade, of which he should be advised by courier immediately. A courier might reach Frederick by way of Western Maryland Railroad to Westminster. This information comes from T. A. Scott, and I think it reliable.

H. HAUPT,

Brigadier-General.

It is proper you should know that General French this morning evacuated Maryland Heights, blowing up his magazine, spiking the large cannon, and destroying surplus stores. A telegram from him, received this evening, indicates that he is still at Sandy Hook, waiting orders, and doubtful what he should do with his force. Please instruct him what you wish him to do.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

SANDY HOOK, MD., June 30, 1863-3. 30 p. m.

(Received 6 p. m.)

M. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I have no orders except from General Butterfield, which urge the movement of these troops within a few days as a necessity for the Army of the Potomac. The removal of this property must be covered by a large force, as the road is perfectly commanded. As for defending the property, all that is required is an order not to abandon, or something definite from some source. My instructions have

