
On the morning of the 5th, I was relieved by Battery G, First Rhode Island Artillery, and returned to camp, but immediately commenced to march in pursuit with the Sixth Corps. I placed one section in position near Millerstown, Pa., where we came up with the rebel rear. On the night of the 6th, I marched from Millerstown, Pa., to Emmitsburg, Md.

On the 7th, marched in the direction of Middletown, but the mountain road, which we attempted to cross, being impassable, we were obliged to move in the road, and remained exposed to a drenching rain till morning.

On the 8th, crossed the South Mountain, and reached camp near Middletown at 4 p. m.

On the 9th, leaving Mieddletown at 12 m., marched to Boonsborough. On the 10th, to Antietam Creek, where, by your orders, I came into battery on the left of the road. Remained in this position till 8 a. m. the 12th, when I received orders from you to report to General Wright. Was ordered into position by him on the right and left of the turnpike, about 2 miles from Hagerstown. Later the same day, by your orders, I took a position with the Third Division near the right center of our line. Remained here till July 14, when I marched to Williamsport.

On the 15th, marched to Boonsborough.

On the 16th, to near Berlin. Crossed the Potomac at 11 a. m. July 20, and marched out 8 miles on the Leesburg turnpike, and camped near Philomont.

On the 22d, marched to Goose Creek.

On the 23d, to the vicinity of Chester Gap.

On the 24th, to Manassas Gap, and thence to Orleans.

On the 25th, marched to Warrenton.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ANDREW COWAN,

Captain First Independent Battery, New York State Vols.

Colonel C. H. TOMPKINS,

Commanding Artillery Brigade.

Numbers 240. Report of Captain Williams A. Harn, Third New York Battery.

-, --, l863.

SIR: Started from Stafford Heights at daylight of the 14th June; halted at Stafford Court-House for a res; started again about 10 p. m.

June 15. -Halted at Dumfries, and went into camp.

June 16. -On the road again about 2. 30 a. m. ; halted near Fairfax Station, Va, ; very dusty traveling.

June 17. -In camp near Fairfax Station.

June 18. -Marched from camp near the station about 7 a. m. ; passed

passed through Fairfax, and went into camp about half a mile from the village.

June 19. -In camp near Fairfax; raining very hard.

June 20. - Still in camp; Lieutenant Harn received his commission as captain.

June 21, 22, 23. - Still in camp near Fairfax.

