
June 24. -Left camp near Fairfax about 3 p. m. ; arrived at camp near Centreville about 5 p. m.

June 25. -Shifted camp; battery in camp on the heights of Centreville.

June 26. -Marched from Centreville to Dranesville.

June 27. -Marched from camp near Dranesville about 4 a. m. ; crossed the Potomac at Edwards Ferry, and went into camp for the night near Poolesville, Md.

June 28. -On the march; about 4 a. m. passed through Barnesville and Hyattstown; encamped in the field.

June 29. -On the road again at 4 a. m. ; battery halted at New Market, bringing up the rear of the column; reached camp at midnight.

June 30. - Marched again about 6 a. m. ; passed through Westminster, halted and went into camp about 2 miles from Manchester.

July 1. -In camp near Manchester; started about 8 p. m. ; passed through Littlestown, Pa., about noon of the 2nd of July.

July 2. -Encamped near the battle-field of Gettysburg, Pa.

July 3. -In camp, awaiting orders; battery hitched up. Battery ordered in front; went into position.

July 4. -Moved from position to the rear; battery still hitched up, waiting orders.

July 5. -Marched about 6 a. m. ; opened fire on the rear guard of the enemy about 8 a. m. with one section of the battery. Limbered up, and again took position, keeping within supporting distance of the skirmishers, until our advance was checked by artillery. The battery moved quickly to the front, and took up position on the heights overlooking the town of Fairfield, and opened fire on the enemy, driving him from his position. Battery remained in position all night.

July 6. -Marched at 4 p. m. ; passed through Fairfield; battery in park outside the town. Started again about dusk; passed through Emmitsburg about midnight; went into camp.

July 7. -Started about 7 a. m. in the direction of Middletown; marched all day; took the wrong road; reversed limbers, and remained in the road all night.

July 8. -Started about daylight; proceeded over the mountain in the direction of Middletown; encamped about 1 1/2 miles from the town. July 9. -Marched about noon; passed through Middletown and Boonsborough; battery in position outside the town.

July 10. -Started about 5 a. m. in advance of the Vermont Brigade, supporting the cavalry and horse artillery of General Buford, driving the enemy in the direction of Funkstown, where we found him in strong position. Battery took up position, supporting the Vermont Brigade. Occasional firing during the day.

July 11. - Same position as the preceding day.

July 12. -Passed through Funkstown; went into position; limbered up, and went into camp about 7 p. m.

July 13. -Battery hitched up all day.

July 14. -Marched in the direction of Williamsport; encamped near the town.

July 15. -Marched through Hagerstown, Funkstown, and Boonsborough; encamped ner the town.

July 16. - Marched about 4 a. m. ; passed through Middletown; went into camp near Berlin about 5 p. m.

