
June 30. -Broke camp at 3 a. m. ; marched through Westminster, and encamped at night 2 miles from Manchester; 18 miles.

July 1. - Broke camp at 8 p. m. After a march of 5 miles, entered the Westminster and Gettysburg turnpike, and continued the march rapidly throughout the night.

July 2. -Crossed the Maryland and Pennsylvania line at sunrise; passed through Littlestown; arrived at Gettysburg at 4 p. m. ; 35 miles.

July 3. -Moved forward from position of last night toward the front and center; formed sections, and halted on the right of Hazlett's battery. Remained in reserve during the day. Toward night moved to the rear 1 mile, and encamped.

July 4. -Battery remained in camp all day.

July 5. - Battery moved to the front at 4 a. m., and relieved Cowan's New York Independent Battery. Some hours after, advanced in line of battle; came up with the rear guard of the enemy near Fairfield; went into position; expended 162 rounds of ammunition, sustaining a fire of artillery without loss; bivouacked on the field; distance, 5 miles.

July 6. -Moved out of position at 3 p. m. ; passed through Fairfield, and encamped at 11 p. m. near Emmitsburg; 11 miles.

July 7. -Broke camp at 6 a. m. ; passed through Mechanicstown and Georgetown; took the road leading over the Catoctin Mountain, and bivouacked at the foot of the mountain.

July 8. -Crossed the mountain; entered the valley; moved toward Middletown over almost impassable roads, and bivouacked on the roadside near Middletown.

July 9. -Started at 6 a. m. ; arrived at camp of Artillery Brigade, Sixth Corps, situated one-half mile from Middletown.

July 11. -Left camp at 6 a. m. ; passed through Middletown, South Mountain Gap, and Boonsborough, and encamped near Funkstown.

July 12. -Shortly after, were ordered into position on Antietam Creek. Moved out of position at 2 p. m. ; marched through Funkstown; crossed Antietam Creek, and went into position on the line of battle.

July 13. -In position all day.

July 14. -The enemy having fallen back, moved out of position; marched toward and encamped near Williamsport.

July 15. -Left Williamsport; passed through Hagerstown and Boonsborough, and encamped near the town.

July 16. -Left camp near Boonsborough; passed through South Mountain Gap and Middletown, and encamped near Berlin.

July 17. -In camp all day.

July 18. - In camp all day.

July 19. -Marched through Berlin; crossed the Potomac River; marched through Lovettsville, and encamped at Wheatland.

July 20. -Marched through Purcellville and Union, and encamped near Philomont.

July 21. -Passed through Union, and encamped near Millville.

July 22. -Marched through Millville, and encamped at Middleburg. July 23. -Marched at sunrise on the road leading to Rectortown; halted at 12 m. ; at 2 p. m. continued the march; passed through Salem, and encamped near Cobbler Mountain.

