
July 24. -Marched through Markham Station, and encamped 1 mile from Barbee's Cross-Roads.

July 25. -Broke camp; marched through Orleans, and encamped at Warrenton.

GEO. W. ADAMS,

Captain First Rhode Island Light Artillery, Comdg. Co. G.

Colonel C. H. TOMPKINS,

Commanding Artillery Brigade.

Numbers 243. Reports of Major General Oliver O. Howard, U. S. Army, commanding Eleventh Army Corps, with congratulatory order.
HDQRS. ELEVENTH CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 1, 1863-5 p. m.

GENERAL: General Reynolds attacked the enemy as soon as he arrived, with one division, about 10, 45 a. m. He moved to the front of the town, driving in the enemy's advance for about half a mile, when he met with a strong force of A. P. Hill's corps. I pushed on as fast as I could by a parallel road; placed my corps in position on his right. General Reynolds was killed at 11. 15 a. m. I assumed command of the two corps, and sent word to Slocum and Sickles to move up. I have fought the enemy from that time till this. The First Corps fell back, when outflanked on its left, to a stronger position, when the Eleventh Corps was ordered back, also to a stronger position. General Hancock arrived at 4 p. m., and communicated his instructions. I am still holding on at this time. Slocum is near, but will not come up to assume command.

Respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

General MEADE.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS,July 1, 1863.

GENERAL: General Hancock's order, in writing, to assume command reached here at 7. At that time, General Slocum being present, having just arrived at this point, I turned over the command to him. This evening I have read an order stating that if General Slocum was present he would assume command. I believe I have handled these two corps to-day from a little past 11 until 4, when General H. assisted me in carrying out orders which I had already issued, as well as any of your corps commanders could have done. Had we received re-enforcements a little sooner, the first position assumed by General Reynolds, and held by General Doubleday till my corps came up, might have been maintained; but the position was not a good one, because both flanks were exposed, and a heavy force approaching from the northern roads rendered it untenable, being already turned, so that I was forced to retire the command to the position now occupied, which I regard as a very strong one.

