
placed me on the road for the army with 5, 000 untried men. I leave over 3, 000 men, who came from Winchester, ready to take the rear at the first alarm. If I am to be held responsible for evacuation of Maryland Heights, it should be given me reasonable time. I cannot communicate with headquarters Army of the Potomac.

WM. H. FRENCH,

Major-general.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Nine Miles east of Middleburg, July 1, 1863-7 a. m.

(Received 4 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Dispatches od General Couch and General Haupt received. My positions to-day are, one corps at Emmitsburg, two at Gettysburg, one at Taneytown, one at Two Taverns, one at Manchester, one at Hanover. These movements were ordered yesterday, before the receipt of advices of Lee's movements. Our cavalry, under Kilpatrick, had a handsome fight yesterday at Hanover. He reports the capture of 1 battle-flag, a lieutenant-colonel, 1 captain, with 15 or 20 of the enemy killed. The point of Lee's concentration and the nature of the country, when ascertained, will determine whether I attack him or not. Shall advise you further to-day, when satisfied that the enemy are fully withdrawn from the Susquehanna. If General Couch has any reliable force. I shall call upon him to move it to aid me.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 1, 1863-7 a. m. (Received 3. 40 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Dispatch of June 30, 11. 30 p. m., received. French was ordered to send 3, 000 of this force to Washington, with all his property, then to move up and join me with the balance.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

TANEYTOWN, July 1, 1863-12 m.

General HALLECK:

Dispatch sent last night giving my position at Emmitsburg, Gettysburg, and Hanover. Ewell is massing at Heidlersburg. A. P. Hill is massed behind the mountains at Cashtown. Longstreet somewhere between Chambersburg and the mountains. The news proves my advance has answered its purpose. I shall not advance any, but prepare to receive an attack in case Lee makes one. A battle-field is being selected to the rear, on which the army

