
true, after hard fighting, yet they secured and held the remarkable position which, under the able generalship of the commander of this army, contributed to the grand results of July 2 and 3. This day's battle cost us many valuable lives. Major-General Reynolds, a noble commander and long a personal friend, fell early in the action. Lieutenant B. Wilkeson, a young officer of exceeding promise, was mortally wounded while in command of Battery G, Fourth U. S. Artillery. Brigadier-Generals Barlow and Paul were severely wounded. For mention of other distinguished officers killed or wounded, I would refer to reports of corps, division, and brigade commanders. Major Osborn, commanding artillery of Eleventh Corps, reports that his artillery dismounted five of the enemy's guns, which were left on the field. He lost one of his own, which had been dismounted in the action. I am conscious of an inability to do justice to the operations of the First Corps, never having received a single report from it. Doubtless the general commanding it gives directly and in full sufficient data to enable the commanding general to appreciate its noble behavior as well as its terrible sacrifices. On the morning of July 2, about 3 a. m., the commanding general, who had previously arrived, met me at the cemetery gate, questioned me about the preceding day, and rode with me over the position then held by our troops. I expressed my opinion strongly in favor of the position. The general replied that he was glad to hear me speak thus, for it was too late to leave it. The Eleventh Corps was disposed with its center near the Baltimore pike - the First Division, General Ames, on the right; Third Division, General Schurz, in the center, and the Second Division, General Steinwehr, on the left. The batteries of the First and Eleventh Corps were united, being put in position with regard to the kind of gun. Colonel Wainwright, chief of artillery First Corps, took charge of all batteries to the right of the pike; Major Osborn, of the Eleventh, all batteries in the cemetery grounds to the left of the pike. Very little occurred while the other corps were coming into position until about 4 p. m. Just before this, orders had been issued to the division commanders to make ready for battle, as the enemy were reported advancing on our left. Now the enemy opened from some dozen batteries to our right and front, bringing a concentrated fire upon our position. The batteries of Wainwright and Osborn replied with great spirit. Artillery projectiles often struck among the men, but in no case did a regiment break, though suffering considerably. About 6. 30 p. m. I sent word to General Meade that the enemy's batteries on our extreme right had been silenced or withdrawn. After the cannonading had ceased, and the enemy's infantry attack upon the left had been repulsed, another attack, said to be by Rodes' division, commenced between 7 and 8 p. m., beginning between Generals Slocum and Wadsworth, and extending along the front of Ames to the town of Gettysburg. A brigade of General Schurz's division was ordered to support General Ames. Another brigade of General Schurz pushed to the support of General Wadsworth, upon his right. Afterward General Greene, of the Twelfth Corps, came and thanked me for the good service done by this brigade. Lieutenant-Colonel [August] Otto, of General Schurz's staff, present with with it, was highly commended. 45 R R - VOL XXVII, PT I

