
The attack was so sudden and violent that the infantry in front of Ames was giving way. In fact, at one moment the enemy had got with in the batteries. A request for assistance had already gone to headquarters, so that promptly brigade of the Second Corps, under Colonel Carroll, moved to Ames' right, deployed, and went into position just in time to check the enemy's advance. At wiedrich's battery, General Ames, by extraordinary exertions, arrested a panic, and the men with sponge-staffs and bayonets forced the enemy back. At this time he received support from General Schurz. Effective assistance was also rendered at this time by a portion of General Steinwehr's command at points where the enemy was breaking through. This furious onset was met and withstood at every point, and lasted less than an hour. At 9. 30 p. m. the old position was resumed by the regiments of my corps, Colonel Carroll remaining between Ames and Wadsworth. Lest another attack should be made, Ames' position was further strengthened by the One hundred and sixth Pennsylvania Regiment, from the Second Corps. At the moment my left was weakened, as also at other times during the engagements, General Newton was ready with re-enforcements from the First Corps. July 3, 5 a. m., heavy infantry firing commenced on the right. It continued with more or less severity until after 10 a. m. Neither the artillery nor infantry of the Eleventh Corps were much engaged. Occasionally an attempt was made by the enemy to put batteries in position, and some shors were fired. He always received a prompt reply from our batteries, and failed to receive any advantage. At about 1 p. m. a terrific cannonade opened upon us from the west, north west, north and northeast, hurling into the cemetery grounds missiles of every description. Shells burst in the air, in the ground to the right and left, killing horses, exploding caissons, overturning tombstones, and smashing fences. There was no place of safety. In one regiment 27 were killed and wounded by one shell, and yet the regiments of this corps did not move excepting when ordered. At 2. 30 p. m. we ceased our artillery fire. Soon after, the enemy's artillery also ceased, when a line of his infantry appeared, emerging from the woods upon Seminary Ridge, his left nearly opposite our front, and the line extending far to the left. Our batteries again opened fire, using shells at first. The gaps made by them seemed to his line advanced steadily, gaining ground gradually toward his right. When near our line of skirmishers, the batteries opened upon them with grape and canister from the hill. The infantry also commenced firing. The enemy's lines were broken, and the plain in our front was covered with fugitives running in every direction. Colonel Smith's brigade, of General Steinwehr's division, was pushed to the left and front, to the support of the First Corps, moving forward. At this time great numbers of prisoners were taken, in which this portion of the Second Division bore a part. This was the last attack made by the enemy at the battle of Gettysburg. During the night he withdrew his entire force to and beyond Seminary Ridge. Were I to accord praise to individuals, I would hardly know where to begin or where to end. I noticed Generals Schurz, Steinwehr, Schimmelfenning, and Ames; Colonels Orland Smith, Coster, Krzyzanowski, and von Gilsa, commanding brigades; also Major Osborn, commanding the artillery, and his battery commanders, and com-

