
mend them for bravery, faithfulness, and efficiency in the discharge of duty. I was highly gratified at the conduct and effectiveness of the artillery under Major Osborn. His report shows that he had three batteries at least sent to him from the Artillery Reserve besides his own. No officer could work harder or do better than he did during the battle. I have mentioned General Barlow, who was so severely wounded the first day. General Schurz commends him highly for coolness and bravery on the field. My inspector-general, acting chief of staff, my adjutant-general, my quartermaster, my chief commissary, and my aides, all were as brave and efficient as they could possibly be. We all mourn the death of one specially beloved, Captain J. J. Griffiths, aide-de-camp, who lived through the battle, but was mortally wounded during the reconnaissance of the Sunday following. Every staff officer, in fact every officer and soldier who remained with his command, was almost constantly exposed to death or wounds during those three memorable days. My gratitude is so much due to them all that it seems almost invidious to particularize. I wish to testify in this report to the hearty co-operation and generous support that I received from my associate corps commanders. The grand results of the battle of Gettysburg are destined to bestow deserved and lasting honor upon the general commanding, and with him every true officer and brave man will claim a share; and yet no candid mind can review those scenes of horror, and doubt, and ultimate joy without feeling constrained to acknowledge the Divine hand which controlled and directed the storm.

Respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Army of the Potomac.

HDQRS. ELEVENTH CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, September 9, 1863.

GENERAL: On the morning of June 28, my corps was located in the Middletown Valley, Md., two divisions near Middletown and one holding Boonsborough Gap. About 2 p. m. an order was received to march to Frederick. Head of column left Middletown at 3 p. m., and arrived in camp north of Frederick, near Worner's Mill, at 8 p. m. The entire corps, including train, was in camp by midnight. At 11. 30 p. m. the order came relieving General Hooker, ; and assigning General Meade to the command of the army; also the order of march for the following day. The First and Eleventh Corps were to march to Emmitsburg; the Eleventh to leave the turnpike to its left, marching by Creagerstown. The day was rainy, the roads heavy, and the march wearisome, yet the troops were in camp at Emmitsburg by 7 p. m., having made about 20 miles. At 8. 30 a. m. June 30, an order was received from headquarters to take position on the north side of Emmitsburg. The enemy was reported advancing on Gettysburg from Chambersburg. The First Corps, General Reynolds commanding, was moved to a position half way between Emmitsburg and Gettysburg, on Marsh Run. In case

