
of attack, the Eleventh Corps was directed to support the First Corps. Subsequent orders, however, directed the First Corps to fall back to Emmitsburg in case of attack. General Buford's division of cavalry was already near Gettysburg. From this time until July 5 following, the ground is covered by my report of the battle of Gettysburg. At 4 a. m. July 5, the enemy were reported moving to the rear in full retreat. Reconnaissances discovered the enemy's rear guard about 2 miles to the west of Gettysburg. This was immediately reported to General Meade. During the 4th and 5th, about 500 prisoners were taken by the corps from the enemy's wounded and stragglers. On the evening of the 5th, at 5. 30 p. m., General Meade's order to march to Middletown, by the way of Emmitsburg, Utica, and High Knob, in two days, was received. The corps encamped ; near Rocky [Rock] Creek that night. The Fifth and Eleventh Corps were combined for the march, under my direction. The Fifth Corps encamped upon the same creek. At this halt, an order was received from your headquarters not to proceed with the march until further orders. The next day, July 6, the order for march was received, my corps being ordered to Emmitsburg. At 7 p. m. the order was received to execute the former order of march to Middletown. The head of column left camp at 3. 30 a. m. July 7, and about 8 p. m. the head of the column reached Middletown, Md. Owing to the difficulty in crossing the mountains, and the fact that the artillery horses were nearly broken down by previous fatigue, only one division (General Schurz's) succeeded in reaching Middletown; the First and Second Divisions and artillery remained near High Knob. The Fifth Corps encamped between Utica and High Knob. The next day, July 8, the march was completed before 11 a. m. The road over the mountain near High Knob was steep, narrow, and very rocky, so that it was with the greatest difficulty that the artillery and trains were brought over. On this account the Fifth Corps was conducted by another route, crossing the mountains a little farther south. At 1 p. m. an order was received to march at once to Boonsborough Gap. The Third Division had executed the march at 5 p. m., when General Buford, who was engaging the enemy, sent me word that he was hard pressed, and asked for re-enforcements of infantry. The Third Division (General Schurz's was immediately sent forward through the town of Boonsborough, while the First and Second Divisions and artillery were placed in position to the left of the pike, on the western slope of the mountain, co-operating with the First Corps, located on the right of the pike. At 7 p. m. the Third Division took position on the Hagerstown pike northwest of Boosnborough and 1 mile beyond. As soon as the enemy saw our infantry approach, he retired toward Hagerstown. During July 9, the First and Eleventh Corps remained in position, excepting that the Sixth Corps, passing through the Gap, took position near Boonsborough, relieving my Third Division. During this day every exertion was made to supply shoes and clothing that were needed. On the morning of July 10, the Sixth and First Corps were pushed on to Beaver Creek and my corps to Boonsborough. I had hardly arrived in camp when the order to report to General Sedgwick at

