
At 1 a. m. July 15, the order of march for the next day to Berlin was given. The corps left camp at 4 a. m. ; marched through Hagerstown, and thence to Middletown by the old Hagerstown road. It reached Middletown at 6 p. m. My train moved to Jefferson. We took up the march at 5 a. m. of the 16th, and proceeded, via Jefferson, to Berlin. We went into camp near that place. Here orders were received and issued, directing the troops to replenish stores and prepare for an active campaign. On the 17th, we remained in position. On the 18th, orders having been received to follow the First Corps across the pontoon bridge at Berlin, observation was made as to the time when the First Corps should have crossed, when further orders were received to follow Buford's division of cavalry. My train and artillery began the crossing at 6 p. m., and encamped near Lovettsville, Va. The infantry began the march at 4 a. m. of the 19th, and the entire corps encamped about 4 p. m. near Warner's farm, on the Waterford and Hamilton road. On the 20th, the corps marched under orders to Mountville, via Mount Gilead, making about 16 miles. During this march the enemy's guerrillas and bushwhackers annoyed us considerably, capturing a few stragglers. During the 21st, the corps remained stationary, sending out scouting parties in different directions, one of which from General Schurz met a detachment of Mosby's guerrillas, and, after a little skirmish, recaptured those taken the day before. On the 22d, a forage train, having started before its guard was ready, lost nine wagons, eight of which were retaken, but without the animals. On the morning of the 23d, orders were received at 3. 40 a. m. to march to New Baltimore. Head of column left camp within an hour from the receipt of the order. The weather was very warm and sultry. Head of column arrived at New Baltimore about 6 p. m. On the 24th, the corps remained in camp, opening communication with the First Corps at Warrenton and receiving supplies from White Plains. Information received this day from general headquarters that but one division of the enemy was found at Front Royal; the rest of his force reported to have gone toward Culpeper and Gordonsville. On the 25th, the march was made from New Baltimore to Warrenton Junction, in the vicinity of which the corps has been ever since, excepting Gordon's division (i, e., First Division of this corps), detached and sent to Alexandria for embarkation August 6. General Gordon joined the corps at Berlin. Ten regiments, each about 500 strong, four of them being nine-months' troops, joined the corps as follows: Three at or near Funkstown with General Tyndale; the rest at Berlin or en route thither. One of these had but two days to serve, and left the corps near Hagerstown, viz, One hundred and sixty-ninth Pennsylvania. During the entire campaign I received the most hearty co-operation from my division commanders, from the commander of the artillery, as also from every member of my staff. I believe the corps successfully executed every order of the commanding general of the army. Sometimes the marched were long and tedious, but they were always performed with cheerfulness, and very little straggling can be laid to our charge. I feel grateful to the officers and men of the corps for the part they

