
the honor to report that one light 12-pounder gun was captured from this corps on July 1, at Gettysburg. No guns were captured by this corps.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. SCHURZ,

Major-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS
N. 18HDQRS. 11TH CORPS, ARMY OF POTOMAC, Near Boonsborough, Md., July 10, 1863.

The general again thanks his command for what has been done during the last month. You have now met the enemy, and feel conscious that you have done your duty. On the 1st day of July, with the First Corps and Buford's division of cavalry, you held double your numbers in check from 12 m. until night, and thus opened the way for the victory that followed. On the 2d, you held an important position during the cannonade, and repulsed the enemy when already within your batteries and breaking through your lines. On the 3d, the same post was strongly held under the severest cannonade of the war. Our batteries, aided by our infantry, contributed a full share to the repulse of the enemy's last attempt to drive the army from its position. The Eleventh Corps, as a corps, has done well - well in marching, well in fighting; the sacrifices it has made shall not be forgotten. In the retrospect, your general feels satisfied. Now, we must make one more effort. Let there be no wavering, no doubt. Our cause is right and our success sure.

O. O. HOWARD,Major-General, Commanding.

Numbers 244. Report of Brigadier General Adelbert Ames, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade and First Division.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, Camp near Warrenton Junction, Va., July 28, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the action of the troops under my command at the battle of Gettysburg: Early in the morning of July 1, my brigade left Emmitsburg, Md., and immediately upon its arrival at Gettysburg, Pa., it was pushed through the town and took a position near the pike leading toward Harrisburg. My brigade was ordered to a number of different positions, and finally it formed in rear of some woods, near a small stream some half a mile from town. From this position we were driven, the men of the First Brigade of this division running through lines of the regiments of my brigade (the Second), and thereby creating considerable confusion. At this time General Barlow was wounded, and the command of the division devolved upon me. The whole division was falling back with little or no regularity, regimental organizations having become

