
destroyed. An order was received from General Schurz, or one of his staff, to occupy the outskirts of the town, but soon after the order came to fall back through it. In this movement many of our men were taken prisoners. The hill in rear of the town was occupied after passing through the town, and in this position the division remained during the two following days, the 2nd and 3d. On the evening of the 2d, an attempt was made to carry the position we held, but the enemy was repulsed with loss. Colonel Carroll, with a brigade from the Second Corps, rendered timely assistance. The batteries behaved admirably. I discharge a duty in calling attention to officers whose conduct is deserving the highest praise. Captain J. M. Brown, my assistant adjutant-general, rendered most valuable services during the three days' fighting. With great coolness and energy heavy seconded my efforts in repelling the assault made by the enemy of the evening of the 2d. Colonel Harris, of the Seventy-fifth Ohio Volunteers, took command of the Second Brigade soon after I assumed command of the division. With courage, he displayed ability in the discharge of his duties. The adjutant of the One hundred and seventh Ohio Volunteers, Lieutenant Young, attracted my attention by his coolness and bravery.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. AMES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Second Brigade.

Colonel T. A. MEYSENBURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Eleventh Corps.

Numbers 245. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Detleo von Einsiedel, Forty-first New York Infantry, First Brigade.

---, -- -, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the Regiment DeKalb, Forty-first New York Volunteers Infantry, in relation to the battle of July 1, 2, 3, and 4, near Gettysburg, Pa.: The regiment, consisting of 14 commissioned officers, 187 file, and 17 musicians, under command of Lieutenant Colonel Detleo von Einsiedel, arrived, coming from Emmitsburg, at about 10 o'clock in the evening of July 1, at the cemetery near Gettysburg, and bivouacked on the field behind a square stone fence, about 1 mile from Gettysburg, to the right of the road leading from Baltimore to Gettysburg. On July 2, at 4 a. m., six companies took position on the stone fence, with the front to Gettysburg. One company took position on the right of the square, and two companies were detached to the front as skirmishers. At 2 p. m. the regiment was assembled; move, by order of Colonel Leopold von Gilsa, commanding First Brigade, to the front of the two batteries which were posted on a little hill, on the right of the Baltimore and Gettysburg road, near the cemetery. The regiment had instructions to support the One hundred and fifty-third Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers in case of an attack from the front (Gettysburg). In this position the regiment remained under the

