
the Second Brigade, First Division, Eleventh Corps, in the battle of Gettysburg: I assumed command of the brigade late in the afternoon of the 1st of July, and took my position, by order of General Ames, at a stone wall on the right, and nearly at right angles with the Baltimore road, throwing a heavy line of skirmishers into the edge of the town. During the night a few random shots were fired; but early in the morning of the 2nd the enemy attacked my skirmishers, firing from behind the fences and a brick-kiln on the right, and from the houses on the left. This continued until near sundown, when the positions of the different regiments of the brigade were changed to that designated in the diagram* yesterday. In moving the Seventeenth Connecticut Volunteers to the extreme right and front of my line, their place at the wall was left vacant, thus endangering the left flank of the Seventy-fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry and the right flank of the Twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry. Before I could make any arrangements to remedy this breach in the line, the attack of the enemy on Cemetery Hill was made, and I was forced back by superiority of numbers, with heavy loss. After the repulse of the enemy, I took up a position at the stone wall in the rear of and parallel with the one occupied the previous day, my left resting on the Baltimore road. Before day on the morning of the 3d, I was ordered to move to the right along the wall until I joined the First Brigade, and to throw a strong line of skirmishers to the front, which was done. At daylight my skirmishers commenced a heavy fire upon the skirmishers of the enemy, which they replied to with vigor. This was kept up the entire day, in which my command suffered severely. Early on the morning of the 4th, I was ordered by General Ames to throw my brigade forward into the town, which I did, finding but few of the enemy remaining, who were easily made prisoners. I may safely add that the Second Brigade was the first to enter the town of Gettysburg after the battle. While in the town, Colonel Noble arrived, and assumed command of the brigade.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. L. HARRIS,

Colonel Seventy-fifth Ohio Volunteers.

Captain J. M. BROWN, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 247. Report of Major Allen G. Brady, Seventeenth Connecticut Infantry.

GETTYSBURG, Pa., July 4, 1863.

GENERAL: In compliance with instructions from headquarters, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Seventeenth Regiment Connecticut Volunteers in the engagement of the 1st, 2d, and 3rd instant: The regiment arrived in Gettysburg between 1 and 2 p. m. of the 1st instant, and was marched with the other regiments of the brigade through and to the lower end of the

town, and there halted for a mo-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

