
ment. Four companies were immediately ordered out by Brigadier-General Ames, under command of Major Brady, to the right of the bridge at the lower end of the town, with instructions to throw out two companies as skirmishers, the other two to be held as a reserve, and to take and hold the brick house to the left and beyond the bridge. Two companies were thrown out, and deployed as skirmishers as rapidly as possible, to the right of the bridge, along the creek. The other two held as reserve, were advanced in line, loading and firing as rapidly as possible, making at the same time a left wheel, so as to swing our right around the house, the reserve keeping near and conforming to the movements of the skirmishers. When near the house, the enemy opened upon us with shot, shell, grape, and canister, which retarded our advance for a moment, until Major Brady dismounted, went in front of the line of skirmishers, and led them on until quite near the house. The enemy, anticipating our movements, shelled the house, and set it on fire. We, however, held our ground, and held the enemy's skirmishers in check. Their loss up to this time was at least 5 to 1, most of the men in the four companies being excellent marksmen and having volunteered for this occasion. They consisted of Companies A, B, F, and K, commanded, respectively, by Captains McQuhae, Hobbie, Allen, and Mccarthy. We continued skirmishing briskly until Major Brady received orders from Brigadier-General Ames to draw in his skirmishers and return to town as rapidly as possible, and take command of his regiment. The order was obeyed, and we fell back in good order, skirmishing with the enemy, who advanced as we retreated, and tried to cut us off and capture us before we got to the town, but we foiled them in this attempt by making a circuit and entering the town near the upper end, and soon joined the remainder of the regiment, which we found near the lower end of the town. The loss in the four companies under Major Brady was 3 men killed, 1 captain and 1 lieutenant wounded, 1 sergeant and 3 men taken prisoners. I would here state that I had great difficulty in drawing in Captain Mccarthy's company (K), as they were so earnestly engaged and making such sad havoc among the rebels. The remainder of the regiment (six companies), under Lieutenant-Colonel Fowler, advanced with the other regiments of the brigade to the left and front of the town and directly in rear of the One hundred and seventh Ohio Volunteers, in close column by division; were ordered to the front; advanced and deployed at double-quick, and held their ground - notwithstanding the rush to the rear of troops directly in advance - until ordered by the brigade commander to fall back, which order was obeyed in good order, the men loading and firing as they fell back. Lieutenant-Colonel Fowler was killed when the regiment advanced and deployed. Captain Moore was killed about this time, and Captain French and Lieutenant Quinn were wounded, and many of the men were killed, wounded, and taken prisoners. When the regiment reached the town, the four companies under Major Brady were still skirmishing with the enemy, and remained so until Brigadier-General Ames sent an aide with orders for Major Brady to return with his command and assume command of his regiment, he being the only field officer of the regiment present. Upon arriving in the town, Major Brady assumed command of the regiment,

