
during the whole of the 3rd instant, exposed to a cross-fire of the rebel batteries and their sharpshooters. With the latter our best marksmen exchanged shots, and succeeded in dislodging many of them. When the regiment entered the engagement on the 1st instant, it numbered 17 officers and 369 enlisted men. We report at the present time 9 officers and 120 enlisted men. Captain Wilson French and Lieutenant Bartram are the only officers known to have been taken prisoners. The former was wounded in the first day's engagement. We are not aware that either of them was paroled.

The regiment behaved gallantly. No troops in the world could behave better. Both officers and men are deserving of great credit for their coolness and bravery throughout the entire three days battle. There are many deserving of especial mention for bravery on the field, but they are so numerous I will not undertake to give their names. The coolness and bravery displayed by the officers and men of Company D exceeded anything I ever saw.

I am, general, your most obedient servant,

A. G. BRADY,

Major, Comdg. Seventeenth Connecticut Vol. Infantry.

Brigadier General A. AMES,

Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 248. Report of Lieutenant Israel White, Twenty-fifth Ohio Infantry.

GETTYSBURG, PA, July 4, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with orders received from brigade headquarters, July 4, I have the honor to report the part taken by this regiment upon July 1, 2, and 3. Upon the first day of the engagement, the regiment was taken to the extreme right, as a support to a section of the Fourth Regular Battery [G, Fourth Artillery, where it remained until the section of battery was withdrawn. The regiment then took position in the woods on the left of the position occupied by the above-mentioned section of battery. Upon the approach of the enemy, the regiment was placed in position, fronting upon a small stream of water. The first division, consisting of Companies A and F, were deployed as skirmishers. Skirmishing commenced and continued until they were compelled to retire by the advance of the enemy's line. The regiment engaged the enemy, and maintained its position until compelled to retire before the superior force of the enemy. On the evening of the 1st, the regiment was placed in line of battle on the heights in the rear of Gettysburg, where it remained, engaging the enemy's sharpshooters, until 2 p. m. of the 2d, when it was relieved, and took a position about 100 rods in the rear. About 7 p. m., engaged the enemy's advance, and after an obstinate engagement, in which the enemy were repulsed, remained under arms until the morning of the 4th, when it was deployed as skirmishers, and advanced through the village; then retired to its former position. Upon the 1st, the regiment was led into action by Lieutenant Colonel Jeremiah Williams, who is supposed to be a prisoner.

