
Upon the 2d, the regiment was commanded and led into action by Lieutenant William Maloney, who was wounded. Upon the 3d, the command devolved upon the present commanding officer.

Respectfully submitted.

ISRAEL WHITE,

Lieutenant, Commanding.

COLONEL COMMANDING SECOND BRIGADE.

Numbers 249. Report of Captain John M. Lutz, One hundred and seventh Ohio Infantry.

IN THE FIELD, NEAR GETTYSBURG, PA., July 4, 1863.

SIR: The following is the report of the part this regiment has taken in the action of July 1, 2, and 3: The regiment arrived at Gettysburg, Pa, ., at about 1 p. m. July 1, and at about 2 p. m. marched through the town to the front, and engaged the enemy about half a mile north of the town. The engagement lasted until about 4 p. m., during which time the regiment, testing exposed to a heavy fire of artillery and musketry, suffered heavily in killed and wounded. The enemy appearing in heavy force, the regiment was ordered to the south end of the town, where it was posted behind a board fence, holding this position until 7 p. m. July 2, during which time heavy skirmishing was going on between the regiment and the enemy's sharpshooters. At about 7 p. m. the enemy appeared in force. We fought them, retiring at the same time behind a stone wall and in front of a battery, at which the enemy made a desperate charge upon us, but without success. They were repulsed with great loss. It was at this point the regiment captured a stand of colors from the Eighth Louisiana Tigers. The engagement lasted about one hour and a half, after which the regiment retired for the night. On July 3, the regiment was posted in front of the batteries, doing duty as skirmishers.

Very respectfully,

JOHN M. LUTZ,

Captain, Commanding 107th Ohio Volunteers.

Colonel NOBLE,

Commanding Second Brigade, First Division.

Numbers 250. Report of Brigadier General Adolph von Steinwehr, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division.

HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, ELEVENTH CORPS, Near Bristoe Station, Va., August 30, 1863.

General: I have the honor to submit to you the following report of the part taken by this division in the battle of Gettysburg, on July 1, 2, and 3: July 1, early in the morning, we marched from Emmitsburg to

