
tery Hill. Our position now was quite strong, the infantry being placed partly behind stone fences, and forming with our batteries a front fully able to resist an attack of even greatly superior forces. The occupation of this hill by our corps had great influence upo the further progress and the final result of the battle.

July 2. - The morning passed off quietly, while the other corps of our army arrived on the battle-field. At about 4 p. m. the enemy's batteries opened a heavy fire upon our position, which lasted for two hours. This was particularly severe upon Cemetery Hill, as we were exposed here to a concentrated fire from nine batteries. Our artillery vigorously replied, and silenced several of the enemy's pieces. Our infantry was posted behind stone fences surrounding the hill, and suffered but little from the enemy's artillery. My division formed the left wing of the corps, fronting north, excepring the Thirty-third Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers, who were detailed to support General Ames' brigade, on the right, fronting northeast. At about 9 p. m. the Louisiana Brigade (Tigers) made a vigorous charge upon the First Brigade of my division, and Wiedrich's battery. Colonel Coster's brigade, and particularly the Twenty-seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel Cantador, repulsed them. Several rebels succeeded in reaching Wiedrich's battery, but were driven back by the cannoneers themselves. During the night, the skirmishers of Colonel Smith's brigade were attacked several times, but succeeded in repelling the enemy every time.

July 3. - During this day the battle raged principally on the right and left wings of our army; my division, occupying, with slight changes, the same position as the day before, was not attacked. At 2. 30 o'clock the enemy again opened a terrific artillery fire upon our hill, which lasted until 4 p. m. In regard to our loss, I would respectfully refer to the report previously forwarded. The First Brigade lost heavily; the Second Brigade had during the last two days over 300 men killed and wounded, principally of the Seventy-third Ohio Volunteers, by the enemy's sharpshooters, who fired from several buildings of the town at a great distance but with remarkable accuracy. The division behaved gallantly, repelling every attack of the enemy, and standing unmoved under the heavy artillery fire of the last two battle days. The commanders of my two brigades - Colonel Orland Smith, Seventy-third Ohio Volunteers, and Colonel Charles R. Coster, One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Volunteers - have assisted me very materially, both executing my orders with zeal, and exposing themselves freely. They have shown themselves able and gallant soldiers. Of my staff I can also speak in terms of praise. Captain F. W. Stowe, assistant adjutant-general of this division, was on the last day severely wounded in the head by a piece of shell.

Very respectfylly, yours,

A. VON STEINWEHR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Major General O. O. HOWARD, Commanding Eleventh Corps.

