
Numbers 251. Report of Colonel Orland Smith, Seventy-third Ohio Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., SECOND DIV., ELEVENTH A. C.,Near Catlett's Station, Va., August 5, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report the operations of the Second Brigade, Second Division, Eleventh Corps, from June 12 to July 4, beginning with its departure from Brooke's Station and ending with the battle of Gettysburg. The brigade, consisting of the Seventy-third Ohio, Thirty-third Massachusetts, Fifty-fifth Ohio, and One hundred and thirty-sixth New York Volunteers, marched from its encampment at Brooke's Station on Friday, June 12, at 1 p. m. Its marches and halts until its arrival at Gettysburg were as follows:

Friday, June 12. - Brooke's Station to Hartwood Church, 13 miles. Saturday, June 13. - From Hartwood Church to Weaverville, near Catlett's.

Sunday, June 14. - Weaverville to Blackburn's Ford, 18 miles. Monday;, June 15. -Blackburn's Ford to Centreville, 5 miles, where we tarried until

Wednesday, June 17.

Wednesday, June 17. -Centreville to Goose Creek, 18 miles, where the brigade took position on the north side of Goose Creek, picketing that side, and sending scouting parties and patrols to Leesburg, Hog Back Mountain, near Mount Gilead, and to Aldie. Remained on Goose Creek till

Wednesday, June 24; marched from Goose Creek to Edwards Ferry, 7 ; miles.

Thursday, June 25. -Edwards Ferry to Jefferson, 22 miles.

Friday, June 26. -Jefferson to Middletown, 7 miles.

Saturday, June 27. -Middletown to Boonsborough Gap, 6 miles.

Sunday, June 28. -Boonsborough Cap to Frederick, 16 miles.

Monday, June 29. -Frederick to Emmitsburg, 22 miles. Tarried here until

Wednesday, July 1; Emmitsburg, 9 miles. The men marched fully equipped, with haversacks, knapsacks, &amp;c., carrying three days'rations and 60 rounds of ammunition. The previous comparative inactivity in camp caused some weariness during the first few days, and before half the distance was accomplished the shoes began to fail, thus leaving many men to march barefooted sometimes over veryrough roads. The march from Boonsborough Gap to Emmitsburg is worthy of note. Starting at 4. 40 p. m. on Sunday, 28th instant, we reached Frederick, 16 miles distant, about midnight, having been somewhat wearied, and impeded by the wahon trains which preceded us. Leaving Frederick at 4. 30 a. m. on the 29th, we reached Emmitsburg at 5 p. m., having made 38 miles in twenty-four and one-half hours, with scarcely an instance of straggling. At times the roads were in bad order, being very heavy from the rains, rendering the marching very painful to those whose shoes had given out. Every labor and hardship was endured, however, with a cheerfulness which is worthy of commendation. On the march from Emmitsburg to Gettysburg, this brigade brought up the rear of the entire corps; consequently it was the last to arrive at the scene of action, which had been commenced earlier in the day by the First Corps. In compliance with orders from General Steinwehr, commanding

