
the division I immediately formed the brigade in line of battle by battalions in mass in rear of Cemetery Hill, and thus advanced through the front of the hill overlooking the town. It was soon evident our forces, consisting of the First Corps and First and Third Divisions, Eleventh Corps, were tetreating before vastly ruperior numbers from the opposite side of the town. The moment seemed critical, and, under the directions of the general, dispositions were rapidly made to repel any assault upon the hill should the enemy see fit to advance so far. The movements and deployments were made with considerable rapidity, and positions werefrequently made by changes, as will be indicated by the reports of the regimental commanders, which are herewith submitted. The final disposition of the brigade was as follows: The base of the hill in front of the batteries of the corps was occupied by the Fifty-fifth and Seventy-third Ohio Volunteers and the SOne hundred and thirty-sixth New York Volunteers, the former being on the extreme right and reaching to the southwest corner of the town, the Seventythird in the conter, and the dSOne hundred ant thirty-sixdth on the left, connecting with the Second Corps. The Thirty-third Massachusetts was placed on the northeasterly side of Cemetery Hill, and, as I learned from the report of Colonel Underwood, was put temporarily under the command of General Ames, of the First Division, this, however, being the first intimation to me of such a fact. Our entire front was covered by a line of skirmishers thrown out tovard the enemy's lines, the right resting near the town and the left connecting with a similar line of the Second Corps. These skirmishers were more or less engaged with those of the enemy, during the whole period from the 1st to the night of July 3. This line was esposed not only to the fire of the enemy's front, but to a fire from the flanks and rear by the sharpshooters posted in the houses in the town. Indeed, the main line, though posted behind a stone wall, was constantly subjected to annoyances from the same source. During the various contests which markedthe three days' battle, the regiments were constantly exposed, not only to the fire in front, but to the shot and shell coming from the batteries placed opposite the Twelfth Corps, on the right. Moreover, some casualties were occasioned by the premature explosion of some of the sholls from our own batteries. Though the situation was at times of the most trying character, never a man faltered, to my knowledge, or complained, but every man seemed inspired by a determination to hold his position, dead or alive. On the night of the 2d, our line was threatened by a strong forceof the enemy deployed in our front, while a vigorous attack was made upon the right wing of the corps. SNSo attack was made on us, however, owing, as I have since been informed, to their failure to carry the hill on the right. On Friday, the 3d, whon the final terrific assault was made by the enemy, the direction of their march at first seemed to indicate that our brigade would be strongly attacked. A change of direction to the right, however, threw the whole force of the attack upon the Second Corps, our skirmishers being only paartially engaged. Nevertheless, the firmness manifested, not only by the old troops, but by those who had never before been actively engaged, was remarkable. With the reporst of the respective regimental commanders will be found detailed lists of killed, wounded, &amp;c., which foot up as follows:

