
was effected as well as could be expected under such circumstancels, the streets being filled with vehicles of every description and overrun with men of the First Corps. A considerable number of men, who became entangled in cross streets and alleys, were taken prisoners by the enemy, who entered the town immediately after us. General Schimmelfenning fell in this way into the hands of rebel skirmishers, but succeeded in hiding himself until, on July 4, we retook possession of Gettysburg. It was after 5 o'clock when the Eleventh Corps occupied the position on Cemetery Hill; the Second Division behind the stone walls inclosing the cemetery on the west side; the Third Division immediately opposite the town, and the First Division on the right. The group of houses nearest the cemetery were occupied by our skirmishers. The enemy did not undertake to attack that position, and the corps remained in it undisturbaed until the enemy resumed the attack on July 2.

I am, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. SCHURZ,

Major-General.

Major General O. O. HOWARD, Commanding Eleventh Corps.

HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, ELEVENTH CORPS, August 20, 1863.

GENERAL: On the part taken by my division in the actions of July 2 and 3, I have the honor to submit the following report: By the losses sustained in the battle of July 1, the Third Division was reduced to an effective force of about 1, 500 men. A large number of officers were killed, wounded, or missing, many regiments being under the command of captains. General Schimmelfennig being still in his hiding place within the lines of the enemy, Colonel von Amsberg, of the Forty-fifth New York, commanded my First Brigade. The position of the Third Division was behind the stone walls inclosing the cemetery on the northwest side, an orchard separating it from the first houses of the town. I had five regiments deployed in the first line five in column in the second, connecting on my left with the Second Division, and on my right with the First. My skirmishers were from 300 to 500 yards in front, and a detachment in a group of houses near the cemetery. The enemy made no attack in the forenoon of July 2. We observed his artillery moving on the ridges west, north, and east of Gettysburg, and taking position. About 4 p. m. the enemy opened upon us from his batteries, the artillery on Cemetery Hill replying with great spirit. The fire continued for about two hours. Although the cannonade was fearful and many projectiles fell into our battalions, not a man belonging to the Third Division, unless wounded, left the lranks. After the cessation of the cannonade, the enemy made a heavy attack upon the left wing of the army, which resulted in a complete repulse. Between 6 and 7 p. m. the enemy made a demonstration upon our right wing. As soon as the firing commenced, your ordered me to send one of my brigades to the support of General Ames. commanding the First Division I took the First Brigade, Colonel von amsberg

