
commanding, out of its position, filling its place behind the stone wall with the reserve regiments of the Second Brigade . One of the five regiments of the First Brigade (Seventy-fourth Pennsylvania) was left with General Ames to strengthen his right wing. The remaining four were directed toward a strip of woods on the right of the First Division, in which the firing had become very heavy, and where, according to the reports of some staff officers of the First Corps, immediate aid was needed. Two regiments (the One hundred and fifty-seventh New York and the Sixty-first Ohio) were guided by one of these officers, while two others (the Eighty-second Illinois and Forty-fifth New York) were led by the chief of my staff, Lieutenant-Colonel Otto, of the Fifty-eighth New York. It had meanwhile bacome quite dark, the direction of the fight being indicated by nothing but the sound of the musketry. The regiments entered the woods with the greatest determination, and drove the enemy from our rifle-pits, of which at several points he had already gained possession. It is my pleasant duty to mention as especially deserving, the names of Lientenant-Colonel Otto, who supperintended this operation with great judgment and courage, and of Lieutenant-Colonel Salomon of the Eighty-second Illinois, who displayed the highest order of coolness and determination under very trying circumstances. At 9 o'clock the enemy was repulsed at that point, and no further demonstration made. While this was going on, between 8 and 9 p. m., we suddenly heard a rapid musketry fire on the eminence immediately east of the cemetery, where Captain Wiedrich's battery stood. Your ordered me to take two regiments across the road to the aid of that battery. This order was executed by two regiments of the Second Brigade, the One hundred and nineteenth and Fifty-eighth New York, headed by Colonel Krzyzanowski, commanding Second Brigade. I at once hastened with my whole staff toward the threatened point, driving back stragglers with our swords as we went. To my great surprise, we found a general melee in the battery itself, the enemy; s infantry having already gotten possession of some of the guns. The cannoneers were defending themselves valiantly. Our infantry made a vigorous rush upon the intruders, and, after a short but very spirited hand-tohand, fight, succeeded in drivbing them down lthe hill. I cannot refrain from speaking of the conduct of the officers and men on that occasion with the greatest satisfaction. The regiments, thus scattered among other commands, were withdrawn during the night, and returned to their former positions. In the action of July 3, no part of my command but my skirmishers was engaged. During the memorable cannonade of the afternoon, my men behaved with the same firmness which they had exhibited on the preceding day. At daybreak on July 4, the Fifty-eighth New York, lunder command of Lieutenant-Colonel Otto, entered the town of Gettysburg, the enemy having retreated, and took over 280 prisoners, among whom were everal commissioned officers. At 8 a. m. Colonel Krzyzanowski, with the One hundred and nineteenth New York and the Twenty-sixth Wisconsin, made a reconnaissance toward the ridge opposite our right, and took 47 additional prisoners. She was called back without having found the enemy. On the 5th, we marched to Emmitsburg. A report exhibiting the heavy losses my division suffered in the

