
after another, were killed, and some shattered to pieces, not a single man flinched, but all were cheering, and fulfilled their duties nobly. So we remained under fire until about 4 p. m., when the First Corps, on our left, gave way, and exposed our left flank, and at the same time heavy columns were moving on us in front and on the right, when the Forty-fifth Regiment was ordered to retreat. It rallied in line, and in splendind style retreated to the seminary, where it was ordered to hald and cover the retreat of the First and Eleventh Corps through Gettysburg. In a short time all sorts of missiles found their way through houses, fences, and gardens, and it was evident that to stay much longer would be certain destruction, so the regiment was ordered to follow the column which had passed, when, marching a few blocks, suddenly a few regiments of the First Corps were thrown in the way, and our regiment headed to the left to gain the other main streets. When about the middle of the square, a sudden panic arose in a column on the street we were to gain throwing themselves in our column and into the houses. Not to become mixed up, the Forty-fifth Regiment turned again to the street just left, marched two squares down, and turned again to the left for the before-mentioned roads. About the middle of the block our column was received by the enemy's infantry fire, when the column headed into an alley leading to the direction we had to follow. Unfortunately this alley led into a spacious yard surrounded by large buyildings, which only offered an entrance, but no way to pass out, excepting a very narrow doorway, to freedom and heaven; but the enemy's sharpshooters had already piled a barricade of dead Union soldiers in the street in front of this doorway. About 100 of the Forty-fifth Regiment extricated themselves from this trap, ran the gauntlet, and arrived safely at the graveyard. The remainder were taken prisoners, as meanwhile the whole town was surrounded and the enemy in possession of Gettysburg. Only one-third of the equipped men of the Forty-fifth Regiment assembled at the cemetery behind the stone fence, and twothirds of the regiment were lost. No demonstration was made by the enemy that night for the possession of Cemetery Hill, and we remained quiet for the night. Cartridges were distributed, as all had bedd used on July 1, and prepared for the conflict to come. All remained quiet until 4 p. m. of July 2, when the enemy's batteries opened in a wide circle, concentrating their fire on Cemetery Hill, which place was under the most hellish cross-fire during this and all other subsequent engagements. In the evening, at dark, a sudden attack was made on the Twelfth Corps, on our right, and the Forty-fifth Regiment ordered to support. For a mile through the complete darkness in the woods this regiment pushed up to the stone fence through an incesessant shower of bullets, and shared well in the decense of this position. It is to be mentioned that while the regiment marched in the darkness through the woods, under guide of a staff officer, the march was ocnsiderably delayed by a number of genreral staff officers, each exexerting himself to give his orders, and so, by movements, counter-movements, halts, &amp;c., some time elapsed before the regiment found itself in the right place ehind the fence. The firing lasted until midnight, and at 2. 30 o'clock in the morning the Forty-fifth Regiment was ordered to return to its position on Cemetery Hill, in the center of the whole position.

