
In the forenoon of July 3, since 3. 45 a. m., the right wing was the special object of attack, but in the afternoon, after 12 m., the left and center were attacked, the Forty-fifth Regiment not coming into immediaatae action with the rifles, excepting with the sharpshooters in town, but the most vehement artillery cross-fire had to be sustained from 12 m. to 4 p. m., and prkticularly from 12 m. to 4 p. m., and particularly from 2 to 4 p. m., the last attack bu the enemy. Very little damaage was done, however, to our ranks, and it proved only to be noisy. The morning of July 4 showed us the great victory, and a summary of the loss of the Forty-fifth Regiment New York Volunteers proved as follows: Acting Second Lieutenant Edward Milde; Sergts. E. May and J. Weityel; Corpls. Rudoph Schwartz and E. Weissensel; Privates X. Feist, P. Schruve, F. Roth, J. Ploughoft, August Schoch, and Charles Schade killed; Major Charles Koch and 34 enlisted men wounded, and 14 ond 164d men missing. The loss of rifles And accouterments has to be compared with the loss of men, as those of the killed and wounded could not be transported, and thowe of the missing fell in the hands of the enemy. Particular mention of individuals for bravery is withheld, as every one did his duty with coolness. Captain Gustavus Korn was untiring in all special duties, and Sergt. Charles Link, Company C. a fearless soldier, leading a squad to dislodge a party of sharpshooters in the town, who were very annoying, received a painful wond in the thigh in the attempt. After the battle, the regiment remained on the battle-field on Cemetery Hill until 6 p. m. July 5, when it marched off toward Emmitsburg. At midnight the march was stopped, owing to the complete darkness and the horrible condition of the roads, which were nearly impassable from the heavy rain of the last two days. At 4 p. m. on July 6, the regiment arrived at Emmitsburg. On July 7, the heaviest march of the campaign was executed, marching 32 miles from Emmitsburg, and arrived at 10 p. m. at Middletown, a distance of 34 miles, through the open fields, taking a narrow pass road over the mountains in a circuit. Toward night the rein descended in torrents, amid which men and beasts sank down, tired to death, most of the soldiers without any shoes, barefooted, or shoes soragged or torn that they did not deserve the name. On July 8, the regiment marched over South Mountain Pass to Boonsborough, where it arrived on the battle-field in the afternoon in time to see the enemy retreating. From Boonsborough to Funkstown positions were chaged several times, until July 12, when we crossed the Antietam Creek and took position east of Hagerstown in front of the enemy's works, remaining until the morning of the 14th, when a general forward movement was ordered, only to find the enemy's llines deserted. Following until within the vicinity of Willamsport, the regiment returned on July 15 to Middletown, and marched from there to Berlin, where it again crossed the Potomac into Dixie on July 19. From there the regiment marched, vie Lovettsville, Waterford, Middleburg, WLhite Plains, and New Baltimore to Warrenton Junction, where it arrived without further accident on July 25.

Very respectfully,

A. DOBKE,

Lieutenant Colonel, Comdg. Forty-fifth Regiment New York Voluteers.

Colonel G. VON AMSBERG, Commanding First Brigade.

