
Numbers 257. Report of Colonel Horace Boughton, One hundred and forty-third New York Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 143rd NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS, August 21, 1863.

CAPTAINS: In compliance with circulara from brigade headquarters, dated August 20, 1863, I submit the following report of the operations of my regiment, from June 28 last until its arrival near Warrenton Junction, Va., July 25: On June 28, my regiment was at White House Landing, Va., doing picket duty, and forming part of the First Brigade, Gordon's division, Seventh Army Corps, under command of Major-General Keyes. The regiment remained at White House Landing until the morning of July 8, when it marched with the balance of the division down the Peninsula, halting at night at Twelve-Mile Ordinary, having marched about 28 miles in a violent rain, through mud 6 inches deep. At 5 o'clock the next morning, the marach was resumed, and continued until about 1 p. m., when the regiment bivouacked about 2 miles beyond Williamsburg. On the morning of the 10th, at 10 o'clock, I halted my regiment at Yorktown, and, under orders of Brigadier-General Gordon, embarked on board the steam transport Croton, which arrived at Washington, D. C., without a casualty, at 3 o'clock on the afternoon of the 11th. At about 7 p. m. the regiment was on cars for Frederick City, Md., where it arrived at 8. 30 o'clock on the next morning. Here I remained with my regiment, to obtain rations, transportation, and clothing, until the morning of the 13th, when, under orders from Colonel Schriver, inspector-general Army of the Potomac, I marched toward Funkstown, which plkace I reached about noon of July 14, and reported immediaately to General Howard, and was assigned to the First Brgiade, LThird Division, Eleventh Army Corps. That p. m. my regiment marched with the Eleventh Corps to near Williamsport, and at 4 o'clock in the morning returned to Hagerstown, on the same road marached the day previous. From this last-named place the regiment kept to the left of Funkstown, halting at night near Middletown. The marach was resumed the next morning, and at 1 p. m. halted, and encamped within 2 miles of Berlin. Here I remained until the 19th, when I crossed the Potomac at Berlin, passed through the villages of Lovettsville, Waterford, and Middleburg, and on the afternoon of the 20th encamped at Mountville. Remained there two days. On the 23d. marched as far as New Baltimore, and remained there until the 25th, when I marched my regiment to Warrenton SJunction. Owing to the deficiency in the number of ambulances, I was obliged to give men taken sick on the road passes to fall to the rear. One of these died on the road. One, I understand, was taken prisoner by the enemy. From Frederick City to Warrenton Junction, 6 men deserted.

Very respectfully,HORACE BOUGHTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain J. C. HENSHAW, Assistantl Adjutant-General.

47 R R-VOL XXVII, PT I

