
July 10. - Marched to Funkstown, Md.

July 11. - In campt at Funkstown, Md.

July 12. - Marched to Hagerstown, Md.

July 13. - Still at Hagerstown, Md.

July 14. - Marched to Williamsport, Md.

July 15. - Marched to Middletown, Md.

July 16. - Marched to Berlin, Md.

July 17 and 18. - In camp at Berlin, Md.

July 19. - Marched this morning, crossing the Potomac River, to near Leesburg, Va.

July 20. - Marched to near Middleburg, Va.

July 21 and 22. - Still in camp near Middleburg, Va.

July 23. - Marched to New Baltimore, Va.

July 24. - Still in camp at New Baltimore, Va.

July 25. -Marched to Warrenton Junction, and encamped.

Yours, respectfully,

W. H. H. BOWN,

Lieutenant Colonel, Comdg. Sixtyu-first Ohio Vol. Infantry. Brigadier General

HECTOR TYNDALE, Commanding First Brigade, Third Division.

Numbers 259. Report of Captain Emil Koenig, Fifty-eighth New York Infantry, Second Brigade.

----, --- --, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following r eport of the operations of the Fifty-eighth New York Volunteers during the period from June 12 until

July 19: On June 12, the Fifty-eighth Regiment New York Volunteers, then under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Otto, broke camp, and marched along with the rest of the brigade toward Hartwood Church, where it encamped for the night. After a very tedious marach, we arrived at Centreville, in the vicinity of which we staid until the 17th, when we marched until near Goose Creek. Here we encamped until the 24th. This day we marached to Edwards Ferry, where we crossed the Potomac on the 25th, and marched to Jefferson, Md., where we arrived late in the evening. Next morning we marched to Middletown, where we staid till noon on the 28th, when we were ordered to proceed to Frederick, Md. Next morning we proceeded on our march to Emmitsburg, where the regiment staid until the morning of

July 1. As for myself, I wasordered in the night from June 30 to July 1 to take 100 men, and make a reconnaissance in the directin of Creagerstown, where, as it was said, some of the enemy's cavalry had been seen. After marching about 5 miles, according to orders received, and not finding anything extraordinary, I rested my command, when I received a dispatch ordering me to start back at once, as the corps had already marched to Gettysburg, Pa. I arrived at the old camping plaace of the regiment about 9 a. m., where my command was joined by a squad of men of the regiment who had been on picket during the night. Rallying these men, with the greatest possible speed I started after the corps, which, however, I was unable to reach, as we had to march with the rain, and

