
as the rain, falling down in torrents, caused the roadks to be brought into a very bad state. At the distance of about 4 miles from Gettysburg, I heard heavy cannonading in front, and hurried my men to greater speed. The rein now ceased, and we arrived at Gettysburg about 3. 30 p. m. I was not able to find where our corps was at that time, but arrived on a hill on the left of Cemetery Hill, where our division had been stationed a short while ago. It was then occupied by a baattery of the Second Corps, and a general of the same corps requested me to remain there to support it, as no other troops were in that vicinity. As i could not join the regiment then, I did as he requsted me to do. A little lataer, General Schurz arrived, and I reported to him He ordered me to remain in the same position temporarily. The division was retreating at the same time, and took position near Cemetery Hill. As nearly the whole number of our regiment had been on picket duty and on the reconnaissance with me, and I had not been able to find the brigade, it could take but little part in the fight of July 1, but it had several wounded and 3 missing. Late in the evening, I was ordered to proceed with my command to the brigade, which was stationed behind a stone fence in front of Cemetery Hill, in two lines, of which we formed part of the second. As Lieutenant-Colonel Otto had been detached to act as chief of staff of Major-General Schurz, I assumed command of the regiment, as senior officer present. Nothing remarkable happened during the night exceptint that a patrol with some of our men, under command of Lieutenant Ehrlich, Seventy-fifth Pennsylvania, went into town to ascertain the condition of our wounded. On entering the town, they were fired at by the enemy's pickets, of whon they killed and wounded several, after which they retired into our lines without loss. We remained in our position without any remarkable accident until 11 a. m. on the 2d, when we were ordered to detail some men to relieve the pickets in front of us. Two of our men were wounded while relieving the pickets. About 4 p. m. the rebels opened a murderous fire upon our division from three or four batteries in different positions, which was briskly responded to by the batteries of Captain Wiedrich and Captain Dilger on the right and left of the division. In cosideration of the murderous fire which was kept up upon us without ceasing for about three hours, our escape was truly miraculousl, as we lost only 1 officer and 1 man killed and several wounded. During all this time my men exhibited great courage and coolness. About 8 p. m. our regiment was ordered ahead and to the left of the brigade, behind a stone fence, where we were exposed to a severe artillery fire, which however, did us no damage. Suddenly we were ordered to thi right, where a column of the enemy, coming up under cover of the darkness, had tried to storm Captain Wiedrich's battery, but was repulsed before we arrived. As another attack was expected, the regiment was ordered to stay there, and one company, under command of Lieutenant Schwartz, sent ahead as skirmishers to ascertain whether the enemy was in front. He found nothing but dead and wounded, and, after being relieved by the Forty-first New York, we retired to our original position, where we rested during the night without any disturbance. On the morning of July 3, the firing commenced very early, ceasing at different intervals.

