
the utmost coolness. Of the other officers and soldiers, I can speak only in terms of the highest praise. The loss of the regiment in killed, wounded, and missing amounts in the aggregate to the number of 144, including officers and privates. * All of which is respectfully submitted.

I am, general, respectfully, yours,

BENJAMIN A . WILLIS,

Major, Comdg. 119th Regiment now York Vols.

Colonel W KRZYZANOWSKI, Comdg. SEcond Brigade, Third Division,

Eleventh Corps.

Numbers 261. Report of Lieutenant Colonel David Thomson, Eighty-second Ohio Infantry.

NEAR WARRENTON JUNCTION, VA., August 21, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with your order, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this regiment at the battle of Gettysburg, and from that time to July 25, the date of our encampment near Warrenton Junction, Va.: On July 1 last, this regiment, numbering 312 men present for duty, under the command of Colonel James S. Robinson, and forming part of the Second Brigade, was assigned a position on the left of that brigade during the battle of that day, in the north of the town. By command of Colonel Robinson, the regiment fell back through Gettysburg with the remainder of the forces of the Third Division. Upon entering the town, Colonel Robinson was severely wounded, when I took command of the regiment. On arriving on the ground in front of the cemetery buldingl, I was ordered to take a position near. I placed the regiment west of and near that bulding, where I remained during that day and until the evening of July 5, when we left Gettysburg, and marched with the Second Brigade until we arrived near Hagerstown, Mld., on July 11, the regiment then numbering 220 present of r duty. During the battle, the regiment lost 4 officers killend, 2 mortally wounded (since died), 12 wounded, and 2 taken prisoners. Total loss of officers, 20. The loss in enlisted men was 13 kille, d 10 mortally wounded, 61 wounded, and 77 missing. Total loss of enlisted men, 161. The regiment remained near Hagerstown, Md., until July 14, when it was transferred to the First Brigade, under your command. Since the we have marched with the First Brigade from Hagerstown, Md., to Warrenton Junction, Va., where we arrived July 25, near 5 p. m. The strength of the regiment upon its arrival at the latter place was 224 present for lduty.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. THOMSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Brigadier-General TYNDALE,

Comdg. First Brigade, Third Division, Eleventh Corps.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 183.

---------------

