
Numbers 262. Report of Major August Ledig, Seventy-fifth Pennsylvania Infantry.

HDQRS. SEVENTY-FIFTH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS, July 28, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with an order received from division headquarters to report the recent operations, I send you the following: The regiment, with the corps, left camp near Brooke's Station June 12, on account of a threatening invasion of the enemy into Maryland and Pennsylvania. After different marches, we arrived at Emmitsburg, Md., June 29. On the 30th, we rested. July 1. - At 5 a. m. we left camp, and proceeded to Gettysburg. We arrived there at 1. 30 a. m. We were immediately ordered to the north side of the town, where the regiment was placed as follows: On my left (the extreme left of the Second Brigade), the Eighty-second Ohio Volunteers; on my right, the One hundred and nineteenth New York Regiment, in line of battle. Here we received a heavy fire from the enemy's 10-pounder rifled guns, which caused a loss in the regiment of 1 killed and 2 wounded. About 2 o'clock, the whole brigade advanced nearly one-half mile, which was greatly interrupted by fences, which had to be taken down under a heavy fire of musketry from the enemy. When within 100 yards of them, in a wheat-field, we charged upon them and drove them back. We halted, and opened fire on the enemy. The Eighty-second Ohio, on my left, was flanked, and gave way. Colonel F. Mahler's horse was shot, but he [the colonel] got up again, and went forward to direct the fire to the left flank, which was now unprotected, and went forward to direct the fire to the left flank, which was now unprotected, and the enemy threatening to cut off our retreat. He was already within 40 yards of our left and rear. Colonel Mahler at this moment received a severe wound, and was disabled, so I took the command, and directed at once the fire leftoblique, and began to retreat behind a fence, which I could only pass by the flank, moving my left flank through first, so as to give the enemy battle on my left and front. During this short period - say fifteen minutes - I lost 111 killed and wounded. I began now to retreat about 200 yards into an orchard. The One hundred and nineteenth New York Regiment, on my right, suffered also heavily from the flank attack, and moved backward also in the garden. I received orders to fall back on the town. Here the Second Division arrived and went into the engagement. Shortly after this, a new line behind the town was ordered, and formed by my regiment in the best of order. I was ordered in a corn-field behind a stone wall, below the Evergreen Cemetery, the Eighty-second Ohio on my right, the First Brigade on my left. On July 2 and 3, the regiment was not actively engaged. I lost here 3 men killed and wounded by the heavy bombardment. On July 5, I was ordered to march to Emmitsburg; from there to South Mountain Pass. On July 8, we passed through South Mountain Pass, and arrived at Boonsborough, where we were drawn up in line of battle. Next morning, July 9, I was ordered to fall behind the town, in order to get a rest.

