
The Sixth Corps having relieved us at 10 a. m. July 10, I was ordered to march toward Hagerstown, and arrived at 5 o'clock within 3 miles of Hagerstown, where we took position on the right of the turnpike.

On July 11, we rested.

On July 12, we marched toward Hagerstown, within one-half mile of it, and, taking position, during the night rifle-pits were put up by my men.

On July 14, we marched toward Williamsprt.

On July 15, marched back to Middletown.

On July 16, marched to Berlin. There we rested two days.

On July 19, early in the morning, left camp, and crossed the Potomac River, and marched to Hamilton, Va.

On July 20, marched to Mountville.

On July 21, and 22, rested.

On July 23, we marched to New Baltimore.

On July 24, two patrols of my regiment reconnoitered about 2 miles in front of our picket lines.

On July 25, we marched to Warrenton Junction and made camp. The men are greatly fatigued; hardly able for another campaign at present. I remain, your most obedient servant,

AUGUST LEDIG,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Colonel W. KRZYZANOWSKI, Commanding Second Brigade.

Numbers 263. Report of Colonel William H. Jacobs, Twenty-sixth Wisconsin Infantry.

WARRENTON JUNCTION, VA., July 28, 1863.

SIR: Pursuat to your order, I hereby respectfully submit a report of the part taken by my regiment in the late battle of Gettysburg, as stated to me by officers of the regiment, I myself having been absent on sick leave at the time. About 2 p. m. on July 1, the regiment arrived with the rest of your command at the village of Gettysburg, and was ordered at once to the front. The position assigned it by you was the extreme right of the brigade. The regiment was furiously attacked by vastly superior numbers, but held its own until ordered by you to retreat, when a retreat in good order was effected. The regiment suffered very severely in this engagement. The loss in officers is as follows: Lieutenant-Colonel Boebel, severely wounded; Major Baetz, wounded; Adjutant Wallber, taken prisoner; 4 line officers killed, 9 line officers wounded, and 1 line officer taken prisoner. The loss of enlisted men is an aggregate of 200 killed, wounded, and missing. * At about 4 o'clock the regiment rallied on Cemetery Hill, and was ordered behind the stone fence.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 183.

---------------

