
During the artillery fire of July 2 and 3, the regiment suffered no loss. The behavior of both officers and men was, so far as I can learn, exemplary. I can state nothing special for the praise of individuals. Lieutenant-Colonel Boebel commanded the regiment during the engagement on July 1. After its arrival on Cemetery Hill, Captain Fuchs took command until July 4, when arrived, and resumed command.

I remain, sir, your obedient servant,

W. H. JACOBS,

Colonel, Commanding Twenty-sixth Wisconsin Volunteers.

Colonel W. KRZYZANOWSKI, Commanding Second Brigade, Third Division.

Numbers 264. Report of Major Thomas W. Osborn, First New York Light Artilelry, commanding Artillery Brigade, Eleventh Army Corps.

HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY, ELEVENTH CORPS, July 29, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report, concerning the part borne by this command in the battle of Gettysburg on the 1st, 2d, and 3rd instant, that on the morning of the 1st instant I moved from Emmitsburg toward Gettysburg with the artillery of the corps, consisting of five batteries, and marched in the following order: Captain Dilger in advance with the Third Division, Lieutenant Wheeler with the First Division and in the center, the three remaining batteries following closely in rear of the center division. I herewith enumerate the batteries of the command: Battery G, Fourth U. S. Artillery, commanded by Lieutenant B. Wilkeson, six light 12-pounders; Battery I, First Ohio Artillery, commanded by Captain H. Dilger, six light 12-pounders; Battery K, First Ohio Artillery, commanded by Captain L. Heckman, four light 12-pounders; Battery I, First New York Artillery, commanded by Captain M. Wiedrich, six 3-inch, and Thirteenth New York Independent Battery, commanded by First Lieutenant W. Wheeler, four 3-inch guns. Total, 26 guns. After moving 5 or 6 miles, I received notice from Major-General Howard that the First Corps was already engaged with the enemy at Gettysburg, and that I should move the artillery to the front as rapidly as possible. A little after 10 a. m. the first battery (Dilger's) reached the town, and was ordered by General Schurz to the front of and 300 yards beyond the town, where he took position, and at once became engaged with a rebel battery about 1, 000 yards in its front. This battery was soon supported by another, when Captain Dilger was compelled to stand the fire from both until the arrival of Wheeler's battery half an hour later, when I ordered Lieutenant Wheeler to report to Captain Dilger. The result of this artillery duel was one piece of Wheeler's battery dismounted and five pieces of the enemy's, which they left upon the ground; besides, they lost comparatively heavier than we in horsws and materiel.

