
even asked of it; without their assistance I do not conceive how I could have maintained the position we held. I feel most thankful for their assistance, and the very willing and cordial manner in which it was rendered. I would also speak of Lieutenant George W. Freeman, acting assistant adjutant-general of the command, for the great assistance he was to me and to the whole command during the engagement. I am unable to give any definite estimate of the amount of ammunition expended during the engagement. After we had exhausted the supply with the batteries, I replenished from our train. Colonel Wainwright, on the p. m. of the 1st, also replenished from our train, and, after this source was exhausted, I drew from the reserve train of the army. The casualties of this command are as follows. * Our loss in pieces and horses is as follows:Horses killed.Battery G, Fourth U.S. Artillery 31Battery I, First Ohio Artillery (one piece disabled)28Battery K, First Ohio Artillery (one piece lost) 9Battery I, First New York Artillery (one piece dismounted) 18Thirteenth New York Independent Battery (one piece dismounted) 12Total  98
I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. W. OSBORN,

Major, Commanding Artillery, Eleventh Corps.

General HENRY J. HUNT,

Chief of Artillery, Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 265. Report of Captain Michael Wiedrich, Battery I, First New York Light

Artillery.

______, ____, ___, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report to you the part my battery has taken in the battle of Gettysburg, July 1, 2, and 3. On arriving on the 1st instant near the cemetery at Gettysburg, I was ordered by you to take position on a hill on the north side of the Baltimore turnpike, and near the cemetery and east of the city. During the afternoon, we had some skirmishing with a rebel battery which was posted near the road leading from Gettysburg to York. When, about 5 p. m., our infantry, which had advanced through the town, was repulsed, I changed the direction of my pieces in the direction from where the enemy was advancing, and opened with shells on their columns with good effect: and after our infantry was driven out of the town, and the enemy made his appearance in out front, I received him with canister, which checked his progress, and gave our troops time to rally in rear of the battery, to advance on the enemy again, and to drive him back into town, when the fire was kept up until late in the evening. Thursday, July 2, from early in the morning until about 3 p. m., we exchanged some shots with two rebel batteries planted directly in front of mine, at which time the battle became general, when my

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 183.

