
battery was exposed to the fire of two of the enemy's batteries, the one before mentioned and one in our left flank on the west side of the city, but did not sustain much damage from either of them. Only one shell struck one of my pieces and dismounted the same. About 8 p. m. the enemy charged on the battery with a brigade of infantry, which succeeded in turning our infantry, and got into the intrenchments of my battery. After they were repulsed by our forces, I opened on them again with canister with good effect. Friday, we had several artillery duels during the forenoon, but of short duration, as we silenced their batteries after a few rounds as often as they brought them against us, until about l p. m., when the battle became general, and the enemy brought all his guns to bear on our lines. My battery was exposed again to the same cross-fire as the day before, but without sustaining any loss whatever from those guns. All the loss we sustained was from their sharpshooters, who were secreted in the houses of the town, and who molested us continually for two days. During the three days' fighting we held the position first taken. Our losses are 3 men killed, 2 severely and 9 slightly wounded. * Among the latter are Lieutenants Sahm and Stock. I am happy to say that all the officers and men behaved well, and with a determination not to be excelled. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. WIEDRICH,

Captain, Comdg. Battery I, First New York Artillery.

Major OSBORN,

Chief of Artillery, Eleventh Corps.

Numbers 266. Report of Lieutenant William Wheeler, Thirteenth New York Battery.

WARRENTON JUNCTION, VA.,

July 29, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor herewith to transmit a detailed report of the part taken by the Thirteenth New York Battery in the battle of July 1, 2, and 3, at Gettysburg, Pa.

On July 1, I marched from Emmitsburg with the Second Division (General Steinwehr), but, when within about 5 miles of Gettysburg, I was ordered to move forward at double-quick, which I did, proceeding at a rapid trot, and losing a large amount of forage from the roughness of the road. Upon arriving at Gettysburg, I took position, by your order, on the right of the town, but soon received orders to move through the town to the front, and to support Captain Dilger's battery. In passing through the town, the rear body of two of my caissons broke down. One of these was subsequently recovered, but the other was too badly shattered to be repaired. I took up my position on Captain Dilger's right, and as soon as my guns had got the range of the hostile battery, they responded to it with good effect. Under their cover, Captain Dilger moved several hundred yards forward into a wheat-field. As soon as he commenced firing, I limbered up and followed, again taking position on his right. A very heavy fire was opened on us here both in front and upon the right flank, but we continued to hold the position.

