
and spherical case, on the explosion of which, by the most careful preparation, you cannot depend. The shell fuses, again, were remarkably less reliable than those for spherical case. The fuses for 3-inch ammunition caused a great many explosions in our right before the mouth of the guns, and it becomes very dangerous for another battery to advance in the fire of his batteries, which kind of advancing of smooth-bore batteries is of very great importance on the battlefield, and should be done without danger. I would, therefore, most respectfully recommend the use of percussion shells only. The other three days, major, I had the honor to stay under your immediate command, and cannot report any fact of special importance, excepting the loss of 2 men and 4 horses more. The behavior of officers and men of my battery was excellent. Also, I am very much obliged to Lieutenant Wheeler for his kind and gallant assistance on the first day.

I have the honor, major, to sign, your obedient,

H. DILGER,

Captain, Commanding Battery I, First Ohio Artillery.

Major T. W. OSBORN,

Chief of Artillery, Eleventh Corps

Numbers 268. Report of Captain Lewis Heckman, Battery K, First Ohio Light

Artillery.
HDQRS. BATTERY K, FIRST OHIO ARTILLERY,July 28, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor of making the following report of the operations of my battery in the late battle of Gettysburg: On July 1, in obedience to your order, I placed my battery in position on the east side of the town. The enemy was already in range when my battery went into position. I unlimbered, and commenced firing as soon as possible, as the enemy were close to me and advancing. My battery was engaged thirty minutes. During that time I expended 113 rounds of ammunition, mostly canister. I lost 2 men killed and 10 wounded, and 1 commissioned officer wounded severely. * I lost 9 horses that died from the wounds received. The enemy in the meantime were advancing, and had gotten very close. The order was given to limber up, but too late to save my whole battery. I fell back through the town, leaving two pieces in the hands of the enemy. My battery was not engaged again during the battle, but by your order went to the rear. The above

I respectfully submit.

LEWIS HECKMAN,

Captain Battery K, First Ohio Artillery.

[Major THOMAS W. OSBORN,

Chief of Artillery, Eleventh Corps.]

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 183.

---------------

