
and center sections again took position in the cemetery, and engaged the enemy's batteries and infantry until their final repulse at about 5 p. m. The casualties this day were Private [Patrick] Hartney severely, and Sergeant [William] Leroy and Private [Alfred] Johnson slightly, wounded; 4 horses killed and 7 wounded. Number of rounds of ammunition expended during three days:Solid shot 616Shells 158Spherical case 588Canister 18Total 1,380Solid shot 616
The non-commissioned officers and men of the battery who came under my immediate observation behaved themselves with great coolness and gallantry. Exposed for hours to the hottest fire of the war, there was no faltering, and every man did his duty, each contributing his quota to the grand result. Lieutenant Merkle was detached with his section on the first day by order of Major Osborn. His report of the part taken by him in that day's action is annexed herewith. I have to report that Lieutenant Merkle fully sustained his previous reputation for coolness and bravery in the action of the 2nd and 3d. I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. BANCROFT,

First Lieutenant Fourth U. S. Artillery, Comdg. Battery G.

Lieutenant W. H. MICKLE,

A. A. A. G., Artillery 11 th Corps, Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 270. Report of Lieutenant Christopher F. Merkle, Battery G, Fourth U. S. Artillery.

NEAR WARRENTON JUNCTION, VA.,

July 28, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to forward to your headquarters a report of the battle of Gettysburg, Pa. I was assigned to a position by First Lieutenant Bayard Wilkeson with my section about 1 mile or three-quarters northwest of the poor-house. I engaged one battery of the enemy for a few moments with solid shot, and then directed my attention to the rebel infantry as they were advancing in mass upon us. I used shell and spherical case shot at first, and, as the line of the enemy came closer, and I ran out of shot, shell, and case shot, I used canister; the enemy was then within canister range. At the same time, our infantry fell back rapidly, and left me almost without support. I then limbered to the rear, and retired toward the town. The enemy came rather close at the time, so I fired two double rounds of canister, with prolonge fixed, at their line at the end of the town; then limbered up and retired. When I arrived upon this side of the town, I was ordered by Major Osborn to take up a position with my section on the right of Captain

