
Wiedrich, and about 100 yards north of the graveyard, on a small range of hills. At the same time he ordered me to get another gun from Lieutenant Bancroft and place it in the road or pike. I remained in that position until dark, when I was relieved. I reported for orders to Major Osborn, and he ordered me to bring the left half Battery in rear of the graveyard, and wait for further orders. I remained there all that night, and received orders nest morning to join Lieutenant Bancroft. The men in my section behaved well and bravely, especially Sergeants Leroy and Monroe. The casualties during the day were Sergeant Monroe, Privates Bumpus, Clark, and Taffender, severely wounded, and Private Curtis missing; 5 horses killed.
Ammunition expended:RoundSolid shot 24Case shot 24Shells 8Canister14Total 70
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. F. MERKLE,

Second Lieutenant Fourth U. S. Artillery.

First Lieutenant W. H. MICKLE,

A. A. A. G., Artillery 11th Corps, Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 271. Reports of Major General Henry W. Slocum, U. S. Army, commanding Twelfth Army Corps.
HDQRS. TWELFTH CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 23, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor of submitting the following report of the operations of the Twelfth Corps, and such other troops as were placed under my command, between June 28 and July 26: The Twelfth Corps was at Knoxville, Md., on the morning of June 28, from which place it marched at 6 a. m., and arrived near Frederick City at 2 p. m. of the same day. The march was resumed at 7 a. m. on the following day, and although nearly the entire army was obliged to move through the city in its march northward, and great delay was necessarily caused by the obstruction of the roads by baggage-wagons, &c., still the corps marched 23 miles, performing most of it during a heavy rain-storm. On the 30th, the march was resumed at 5 a. m., and the corps encamped for the night about 1 mile beyond Littlestown, Pa., on the road leading from that place to Hanover. On the morning of July 1, the corps was moved to Two Taverns, and remained at that place until information was received that the First and Eleventh Corps were engaged at Gettysburg, when the march was at once resumed, and, agreeably to suggestion from General Howard, the First Division was put in position on the right of our line, near Rock Creek. The Second Division was moved forward

