
On the following day the command passed through Frederick, and halted for the night near Jefferson. On the 9th, we crossed South Mountain at Crampton's Pass, and encamped near Rohrersville. On the 10th, we marched to Bakersville, and on the 11th to Fair Play. The 12th and 13th were spent in endeavoring to ascertain the position of the enemy in our front, which we found great difficulty in accomplishing. Marsh Run extended along the position held by the enemy in our front, and at this time it was passable only at the bridges, the heavy rains having raised the water much beyond its usual depth, and caused it to overrun the march land in our front. During the night of the 13th, the enemy recrossed the Potomac. On the 15th, I marched the command to Sandy Hook, near Harper's Ferry, with orders to procure clothing and other supplies as soon as possible, and hold it in readiness to cross the river. Three days were spent in procuring supplies, and on the 19th the corps crossed the river, and encamped for the night near Hillsborough. On the following day the command marched to Snickersville, and remained there, guarding the pass in the Blue Ridge, until the 23d, when it was moved to Ashby's Gap, at which point it arrived at 2 p. m., and made preparations to encamp for the night; but at 4 p. m. I received orders to move forward at once to Markham Station, near Manassas Gap, and the march was immediately resumed, the troops arriving near the station late at night. At 3 a. m. on the 24 th, marched through Markham to Linden. At 12 m. on the same day returned, via Markham, and encamped at Piedmont. On the 25th, marched to Thoroughfare Gap, and on the 26th to Warrenton Junction. The enemy commenced the movement toward Pennsylvania early in the month of June. My command left its camp near Aquia Creek on the 13th of the same month. From that day until its arrival at Warrenton Junction, on July 26, it was constantly engaged in services of the most fatiguing nature. Marches of from 25 to 30 miles pre day were frequently performed. We were constantly in the presence of the enemy, and even while remaining in camp for a day or two, nothing like rest or relaxation from care and anxiety was known. The complete ration allowed the soldier was not issued to him a single day during the entire campaign. It cannot be surprising that, under these circumstances, Officers as well as men were greatly exhausted on our arrival at Warrenton. The conduct of the entire command during this campaign was such as entitles it to the gratitude of the country, and justifies me in the indulgence of a deep and heartfelt pride in my connection with it. At Gettysburg, when we were brought into conflict with the entire force of the enemy, although every one felt convinced that we were greatly his inferior in point of numbers, yet all seemed to realize the vast responsibility thrown upon our army and the fearful consequence which must result from our defeat, and every one was nerved to the task, and entered upon the duties devolving upon him with a spirit worthy of the highest praise. Their confidence in the final result of this important battle was greatly increased by the fact, which soon became apparent to all, that in this battle, at least, all our forces were to be used; that a large portion of the army were not to remain idle while the enemy's masses were being hurled against another portion.

