
My own corps during this conflict was moved from one point of the line to another, and all of those thus moved had the satisfaction of knowing that, where the battle was waged by the enemy with the greatest fury, there our troops were concentrated, ready and eager to meet them. My staff officers discharged their duties during the campaign to mu entire satisfaction. Supplies were furnished by all the different departments as liberally and with as little delay as could have been anticipated under the circumstances.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Brigadier General A. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac.
HDQRS. TWELFTH CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 4, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward herewith two flags captured by the Sixtieth New York Volunteers, of the Third Brigade, Second Division, in the action of July 2. One was borne by the "Stonewall Brigade, " and is represented as the brigade flag. The other was the battle-flag of a Virginia regiment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADDENDA.
HDQRS. TWELFTH CORPS, ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,Tullahoma, Tenn., December 30, 1863.

Major General GEORGE G. MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I inclose herewith the report of General T. H. Ruger of operations of the First Division, Twelfth Corps, at the battle of Gettysburg, together with the reports of his brigade and regimental commanders. General Ruger, with a large portion of his division, was ordered to New York City soon after the battle, and immediately after his return from New York the corps was ordered to this department. The reports of General Williams and myself were delayed with the hope of receiving General Ruger's report in time to forward it with them. I deeply regret the necessity which compelled me to send my report and that of General Williams unaccompanied by any report of the operations of the First Division, for although an account of the operations of this division was given in the report of General Williams, who commanded the corps during the battle. I think the absence of Ruger's report may account for some of the errors contained in your report as to the operations of the Twelfth Corps. I inclose a letter from General Williams, calling my attention to these errors, to which I respectfully invite your attention, and if anything can be done at this late day to correct these errors, I trust you will do it. Your report is the official history of that important

