
composed then of the One hundred and fiftieth New York and First Maryland Potomac Home [Brigade] Regiment, coming from Baltimore, or its vicinity, reported to me as temporary commander of the corps early on the morning of July 2, while the skirmishers of the First Division, still on the south side of Rock Creek, were engaged with the enemy. General Lockwood being senior to General Ruger, then commanding First Division, and a stranger to the division, I directed him to take his orders directly from me as an unsigned brigade during the pending operations. When the First Division and Lockwood's brigade were ordered to support the left on the afternoon of the same day, I went in command of the supporting column, leaving the Second Division to cover our entire intrenched line. On reaching the crest of Cemetery Ridge, Major (now, I believe, Lieutenant-Colonel) McGilvery, of Maine artillery, in command of one or more reserve batteries, reported to me that he was threatened by the enemy, and was without infantry supports, and that the enemy but a few moments before had drawn off into the woods in his front several pieces of artillery. I ordered General Lockwood to move into the woods indicated, which was promptly done, and our artillery, abandoned by the enemy, was almost immediately recaptured. The First Division at the same time was ordered into the woods on the left of Lockwood's brigade, and both advanced for some distance and until halted, pursuant to superior orders, meeting very little resistance at any point from the retiring enemy. Though we passed large masses of our disorganized men, we saw not one line or body of our troops in position. The enemy seemed to have a clear field in that part of our line, and were helping themselves to our artillery until interrupted by the approach of re-enforcements from the Twelfth and Sixth Corps, advancing at about the same time. These facts having been fully reported, I am at a loss to comprehend (when all other corps sending supports to the left are especially named) why the Twelfth Corps should be not only not named, but deprived of the small credit of Lockwood's Maruland brigade for the benefit of the First Corps.

2. In omitting any mention of the gallant defense made by General Greene's brigade on the left flank of the intrenched line of the Twelfth Corps on the evening of July 2. General Meade's report thus speaks of the manner in which the enemy got possession of our line of breastworks: During the heavy assault upon our extreme left, portions of the Twelfth Corps were sent as re-enforcements. During their absence, the line of the extreme right was held by a much reduced force, and was taken advantage of by the enemy, who, during the absence of Geary's division, of the Twelfth Corps, advanced and occupied a part of the line. It was the absence of the whole of the First Division and of Lockwood's brigade (supporting the left) and of two brigades of the Second (Geary's) Division (marching toward Littlestown by mistake) that the enemy took advantage of, not only to occupy our line on the right and center, but also to attack with great vigor Greene's brigade, of the Second Division (the only portion of the corps left behind), on the extreme left of our intrenched line. General Meade omits all mention of this gallant contest, which lasted fully three hours, and resulted in our retaining this important part of our line of defenses, and enabling us to resist for hours, with comparatively Little loss, his heavier attacks on the following day, and finally to expel him wholly from our line.

