
of Mr. Wickham, but I trust it will prove to be one of the many startling rumors which the newsmongers invent. The advance of your army increases our want of cavalry on the north and east of the city, but, excepting one regiment from North Carolina, I do not know of any which we can expect soon to be available to us. In yours of the 20th, you say, "if any of the brigades that I have left behind for the protection of Richmond can, in your opinion, be spared, I should like them to be sent to me. " It has been an effort with me to answer the clamor to have troops stopped or recalled, to protect the city and the railroads communicating with your army. Corse's brigade has gone, and Wise's is the only other left by you. Cooke's was in North Carolina, and Davis' brigade was sent to complete Heth's division in place of Cooke's. Ransom's and Jenkins` constitute the defense of the south side as far as Weldon, and are relied on for service elsewhere, from Wilmington to Richmond. General Elzey is positive that the enemy intend to attack here, and his scouts bring intelligence which, if I believed it, would render me no more anxious for the city than at any former time. I do not believe the Yankees have such force as is stated, but that they have enough to render it necessary to keep some troops within reach, and some at Petersburg, at least, until Suffolk is truly evacuated. Do not understand me as balancing accounts in the matter of brigades; I only repeat that I have not many to send you, and enough to form an army to threaten, if not capture, Washington as soon as it is uncovered by Hooker's army. My purpose was to show you that the force here and in North Carolina is very small, and I may add that the brigades are claimed as properly of their command. Our information as to the enemy may be more full and reliable hereafter. It now is materially greater than when you were here.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

ADDENDA.
HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, June 23, 1863.

General S. COOPER,Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: Upon leaving Fredericksburg, a regiment of General Pettigrew's brigade was sent to relieve General Corse's brigade at Hanover Junction, to enable the latter to rejoin his division. General Corse was subsequently ordered to remain at the Junction, and I have not heard whether he has yet been sent forward or not. If not. I think the regiment will suffice for a guard at that point, and wish Corse's brigade to be ordered to rejoin its division, under General Pickett, as soon as possible. He will march by Culpeper Court-House, and thence through Chester Gap to Winchester, where he will be instructed by what route to proceed. I wish to have every man that can be spared, and desire that Cooke's brigade may be sent forward by the same route, if it is not needed at Richmond. I think there will be no necessity for keeping a large number of troops at that place, especially if the plan of assembling an army at Culpeper Court-House, under General Beauregard, be adopted. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

