
of the movements of this division from June 28 to its arrival at Warrenton Junction on July 26 last, excepting July 1, 2, and 3, when the division was under the command of Brigadier-General Ruger: On June 28, the division marched from Knoxville, Md., to Frederick City. On June 29, through Frederick to Taneytown, Md., m and, on the 30th, from Taneytown to Littlestown, Pa. On approaching Littlestown, report was sent me that the enemy's cavalry, with artillery, were approaching that place, and were probably followed by infantry. Firing was heard at some distance beyond the town. The division was hastened through, and took post to the north of it. It was soon ascertained that our cavalry were driving the enemy's, and by order of Major-General Slocum, commanding the corps, the division encamped for the night. July 1. -The division marched to Two Taverns, on the Gettysburg pike, where information was received of the engagement of the First and Eleventh Corps with the enemy beyond Gettysburg. The division moved rapidly up the pike, and when near Rock Creek was directed by a cross-road toward the Hanover road, to occupy an eminence a mile or so east of Gettysburg. The hill was found in possession of the enemy, and the division, when about to assault the position, was ordered to withdraw, as our forces had retired behind the town, which had fallen into the hands of the enemy. Major-General Slocum having turned over the temporary command of the corps to me, Brigadier-general Ruger assumed command of the division. For operations of the division on July 2 and 3, I respectfully refer to the official report of that officer. July 5. -The division was engaged in burying the dead and collecting arms in front of our positions. One brigade was sent on a reconnaissance toward the Bonaughtown road, and returned through Gettysburg. Brigadier General H. H. Lockwood's brigade, which reported on the 2nd and 3rd instant-consisting of the First Maryland Potomac Home Brigade, Colonel Maulsby; First Maryland Eastern Shore Regiment, Colonel Wallace, and One hundred and fiftieth New York Volunteers, Colonel Ketcham-was attached by orders to the division.

July 6. -Marched 3 miles toward Bruceville, and were halted for further orders, and finally encamped for the night.

July 7. -Resumed march at daylight, and encamped about dusk at Monocacy, near Frederick City, after a march of 30 miles.

July 8. -Moved through Frederick, via Middletown and Burkittsville, to Crampton's Gap, and encamped for the night, one brigade occupying the summit of the pass, and relieving a regiment of the Third Corps.

July 9. -Advanced to Rohrersville.

July 10. -Marched to Bakersville, through Keedysville.

July 11. -Marched to Fair Play; thence to Jones' Cross-Roads, taking up a position in two lines on the left of the Second Corps.

July 12. -Corrected our line somewhat, and began the construction of breastworks. The enemy appeared in strong force in our front, especially in the vicinity of Saint James; College.

July 13. -Remained in same position, strengthening defenses.

July 14. -The division was ordered to make a reconnaissance along the Williamsport road, in connection with a division of the Second Corps. Marched out at 6 a. m. and sent forward a regiment from

