
each brigade as skirmishers. Found the enemy's works deserted, and advanced the skirmishers, followed by the brigades, excepting Lockwood's, down the peninsula toward Falling Waters, until information was received from the commanding officer of cavalry that the enemy had wholly crossed, when the brigades were halted. Our skirmishers had a sharp engagement with the enemy's rear guard, and sent in between 200 and 300 prisoners, a special report of which has been forwarded. At 4 o'clock recalled the skirmisher, and fell back and encamped in the vicinity of Williamsport.

July 15. -The division marched, via Sharpsburg, to within 3 miles of Maryland Heights, and encamped on the high grounds in Pleasant Valley, near Sandy Hook.

July 17 and 18. -The division crossed the Potomac and Shenandoah Rivers at Harper's Ferry, and moved up Loudoun Valley, encamping toward evening near Hillsborough.

July 20. -Marched to Snickersville, and remained in camp there the 21st and 22d. Being somewhat annoyed by guerrilla parties, patrols were sent out, and suspected houses were searched.

July 23. -The division marched, via Upperville, and encamped after dark near Somerset Mills.

July 24. -We advanced to Markham, and, after a halt of several hours, countermarched in the direction of White Plains, and encamped about 10 p. m. in the vicinity of that place.

July 25. -The division marched through Thoroughfare Gap to Hay Market, and on the 26th to Warrenton Junction, via Greenwich, where it remained in camp four days. On the 31st, it marched to the present camp, via Elkton. It gives me pleasure to state that during these long marches, exposures, watchings, and battlings, officers and men conducted themselves with patience, fortitude, and courage. The reports of brigade and regimental commanders being in the hands of Brigadier-General Ruger, now absent on detached duty, I am not able to forward them with this report, but will do so as soon as received. These reports, with that of General Ruger and mine, as temporarily in command of the corps (sent herewith), will furnish for the period herein embraced the list of casualties* and the particular participation of the division in the operations around Gettysburg. I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General U. S. Volunteers, Commanding Division.

Lieutenant Col H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, TWELFTH CORPS,Kelly's Ford, Va.,

August 22, 1863.

COLONEL: The temporary command of the Twelfth Army Corps having devolved upon me from July 1 to 4, inclusive, I have the honor, in obedience to order, to submit the following report of the

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 184.

---------------

