
placed them in two lines, under cover, on the open fields between the breastworks and the Baltimore pike. Having been called to the headquarters of the army on returning from the left, I did not learn this state of affairs until nearly 12 o'clock at night, when I reported them to Major-General Slocum, and received his orders to drive the enemy from our intrenchments at daylight. I made such arrangements for a heavy artillery fire, with infantry feints upon the right, followed by a strong assault by Geary's division from Greene's position on the left, as I judged would speedily dislodge the enemy. The artillery opened with a tremendous fire at daylight, at from 600 to 800 yards range, which was continued by arrangement for fifteen minutes. On the discontinuance of the fire, the enemy, without waiting our assault, themselves attacked Geary's division with great fury, and with evident confidence of carrying our position and getting possession of the Baltimore pike, a movement of vast consequence had it been successful. It was plain they had brought up strong re-enforcements at night for this purpose. Prisoners report that their force consisted of two strong divisions of Ewell's corps. Geary's division received the attack with marked steadiness and valor. The combat continued for seven hours in almost unremitting fury. During its continuance, Lockwood's brigade-strengthened during the morning by the arrival of the First Maryland Eastern Shore Regiment-was ordered to re-enforce Geary's division, and afterward General Shaler's brigade, of the Sixth Corps, came to its support, and rendered important aid. In the meantime, Ruger pushed a strong line of skirmishers from his position on the right into the woods and against the stone wall and breastworks on that flank, occupied in strength by the enemy. A broad marsh intervening between his line and the breastworks, presented a serious obstacle to a direct attack, and the stone wall, the natural rocky defenses, and the open, deep, marshy ground on the extremity of the breastworks near the creek, prevented any hopeful attempt to turn this flank of the enemy's position. At length, after seven hours' continuous combat, the enemy attempted to push beyond the intrenchments on our right, and was in turn repulsed and followed sharply beyond the defenses by regiments of the First Division posted in the woods to observe movements. An advance from Geary's division at the same time effectually and finally expelled them from our breastworks, which were at once occupied by our troops in their entire length. Several hundred prisoners were taken in the final charge, and the numerous dead left on the field presented fearful proof of the stubbornness and numbers of the enemy, as well as the coolness and enduring valor of our own troops. At the same time the comparative smallness of our own losses give gratifying evidence of the skill and judgment with which this long and fierce engagement was conducted on the part of our officers. In the afternoon of the same day, during the severe attack on our left, and brigade of the First Division and Lockwood's brigade were detached to support the center, but the enemy was repulsed without their assistance. The enemy kept up strong pickets, and made a considerable front to us during the night of July 3, but on the morning of the 4th were reported as withdrawing. Our line was at once advanced, and occupied the line of Rock Creek Without opposition. Subsequently a

