
brigade of the First Division, under the personal direction of Major-General Slocum, made a reconnaissance several miles to the east of Gettysburg, returning through the town. July 4 was occupied in burying the dead and in collecting arms. This duty was not completed before we received marching orders. The reports of these duties are therefore imperfect. Over 2, 000 arms were collected, and more than 600 of the enemy's dead were buried in front of our position. Estimates of the number left on the ground are mere conjectures, and furnish no valuable or reliable information. Our own casualties are reported at 1, 088, as follows. * Officers and men, almost without exception, behaved with coolness, steadiness, and valor, and throughout this great battle upheld with signal fidelity the proud reputation of the corps. I desire to bring to the notice of the major-general commanding the faithful and gallant conduct of my staff officers, who remained with me while in discharge of my temporary duties as corps commander: Captain S. E. Pittman, assistant adjutant-general; Major P. B. Buckingham, Twentieth Connecticut Volunteers, acting assistant inspector-general; Captain M. P. Whitney, Fifth Connecticut Volunteers, provost-marshal of division; Lieutenant E. W. Pattison, Second Massachusetts Volunteers, assistant commissary of musters, and Lieutenant George Robinson, One hundred and twenty-third New York Volunteers, aide-de-camp. I forward herewith the reports of division, brigade, and subordinate commanders, excepting the reports of Brigadier-General Ruger, First Division, absent on detached service, which have not been received. I annex also a small sketch, ** which, without any pretensions to accuracy of details, will represent the relative position of the corps as taken up on the morning of July 2, and reoccupied again after the severe conflict on the morning of July 3.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Lieutenant Colonel H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. TWELFTH CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 12, 1863.

GENERAL: In reply to circular of September 11, headquarters Army of the Potomac, I have the honor to report that no guns were lost or captured during the recent campaign by this command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Corps.

Brig. General S. WILLIAMS, Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* Embodied in revised statement, pp. 184, 185.

** See map accompanying General Slocumn's report, p. 760.

---------------

