
ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, TWELFTH CORPS,Kelly's Ford, Va., August 8, 1863.

Brigadier-General GEARY,

Commanding Second Division, Twelfth Corps:

GENERAL: In your report of the operations of the Second Division near Gettysburg, you speak of me as commanding First Division. As I am preparing a report as temporarily commanding the corps from July 1 to 4, inclusive, it will be necessary for you to correct your report in that particular. I suppose the paragraph I allude to was inserted by you through a supposition that I was to report as division commander. There is another point of you report, not very material, in which you are in error. The artillery was not ordered to report to you. Its position was fixed by Lieutenant Muhlenberg and myself, and it opened fire on the morning of the 3rd under my personal command. I remained with it for some time to notice the effect. It is a matter of very little consequence, however, excepting as a matter of pure fact, which, in official reports, becomes sometimes incidentally important. To speak of me as commanding a division, when I am reporting as commanding a corps, would have a very strange aspect in future history, if there should be any. But for this mistake I should not return the report for correction.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Numbers 273. Report of Brigadier General Thomas H. Ruger, U. S. Army, commanding First

Division.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, TWELFTH CORPS,Tullahoma, Tenn.,

December 5, 1863

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the First Division, Twelfth Corps, Army of the Potomac, in the battle of Gettysburg:The Twelfth Corps arrived at the village of Two Taverns, Pa., on the turnpike from Littlestown to Gettysburg, on July 1. The First and Eleventh Corps having engaged the enemy beyond Gettysburg, the corps moved forward to their support. The First Division, leaving the turnpike and bearing to the right at a point about 2 miles from Gettysburg, gained a position threatening the left flank of the enemy, who had compelled the First and Eleventh Corps to retire toward Gettysburg. The appearance of the division in this position at the time it occurred was apparently a timely diversion in favor of our forces, as the farther advance of the enemy ceased. About sunset, the division, in accordance with orders, took up a position about three-quarters of a mile in rear of the position previously occupied, and so remained during the night of the 1st. At daylight of July 2, shots were exchanged between our pickets and those of the enemy, with some slight loss on our side.

