
sible, and reoccupy the line of breastworks. At about the same time my aide-de-camp, Lieutenant Dechert, who had been sent forward to report the coming of the division, returned and reported that he had seen Major-General Sedgwick, commanding Sixth Corps, and Major-General Sykes, commanding Fifth Corps, who informed him that the attack of the enemy had been repulsed, and the services of the division would not be needed on that part of the field. The division, on receipt of order therefor from General Williams, commanding corps, was moved as rapidly as possible for its former position. On the march back, I was informed by a staff officer of Major-General Slocum, commanding right of main line, that the Second Division of the corps, which, with the exception of one brigade left to guard breastworks, had been ordered to the left, had been ordered to return to its line of breastworks, and was supposed to be then in possession of them. After crossing the turnpike, I directed brigade commanders to throw forward skirmishers and ascertain if the enemy held any part of the breastworks, and, if not, to occupy them at once. It was ascertained that the breastworks on the right of the swale were unoccupied, and they were taken possession of, but the breastworks on the left of swale, being the whole original position of the First and of part of the Third Brigade, were found to be occupied by the enemy in force. Seventeen men were captured from the skirmish line by the enemy and some captures made by them. The occupancy of the breastworks by the enemy, and absence of firing from the right of line of Second Division, rendered it evident that the Second Division was not in possession of its whole line of breastworks, a considerable portion of which I soon ascertained was held by the enemy, and also that the Second Division had not returned. I deemed it unwise to attack the enemy, owing to the darkness, difficult character of the ground, and want of knowledge of the force of the enemy, and immediately placed the division in line along the crest of a slight ridge bordering the swale, with the left of the division advanced from the line, the position best adapted to prevent the enemy from advancing toward the turnpike if he should attempt it, and reported the situation of affairs to Brigadier-General Williams, commanding corps. The Second Division came up soon after. No change occurred during the night. At 4. 30 o'clock on the morning of July 3, fire was opened on the position held by the enemy from a battery placed in position during the night in rear of the left of the then position of the division; also from a battery still farther to the right, on a commanding hill. The enemy soon after moved forward his infantry, and attacked that portion of the line of breastworks of the Second Division still in our possession. The Twentieth Connecticut Volunteers, supported by the One hundred and seventh New York Volunteers, First Division, was thrown forward from the left of the division into the woods in rear of the stone wall held by the enemy. The general relation of the lines of the First and Second Divisions of the corps was a two-sided, truncated triangle, the apex at which point was the battery from the enemy, the ends toward the enemy inclining to the right and left, respectively, and too strong to be carried, Rocky Run [Rock Creek] protecting the right and strong breastworks occupying the left. The enemy entered the space between the lines, and attempted to force one of the sides. The ground, covered in most places with large rocks, was unfavorable for rapid movements of troops, and

