
the turnpike about 2 miles, thence by a cross-road to the Hanover road, and by the Hanover road to Gettysburg. The enemy had wholly withdrawn from the front of the right of the army. General Williams at this time resumed command of the division, and I of the Third Brigade. The services of the division in defeating, in conjunction with the Second Division of the corps, the attack by a superior force of the enemy on July 3, on that portion of the general line held by them, were of the first importance. If the enemy had succeeded, and thereby gained possession of the turnpike and a position in rear of Cemetery Hill, the army would have been in great peril. There were present with me, of my staff, First Lieutenant Robert P. Dechert, acting assistant adjutant-general and aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant William M. Snow, acting assistant inspector-general, and Second Lieutenant James E. Crane, aide-de-camp, who performed their duty faithfully. The following is a statement of force carried into action * and of casualties. ** Of the brave dead is Lieutenant-Colonel Mudge, Second Massachusetts Volunteers, a gallant officer, who was killed while in command of his regiment, in the charge on the right on the forenoon of July 3. Accompanying are the reports of brigade commanders, to which I respectfully refer for details of the parts taken by their respective brigades. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. H. RUGER,

Brig. General of Vols., Comdg. First Div., Twelfth Corps.

Captain S. E. PITTMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 274. Report of Colonel Archibald L. McDougall, One hundred and twenty-third New York Infantry, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., FIRST DIV., TWELFTH ARMY CORPS,Catlett's Station, Va.,

July 26, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that after a march from near Stafford Court-House, Va., commencing on June 13, this brigade arrived on June 30 at Littlestown, Pa., when we first came in proximity to the enemy. On our appearance, he immediately withdrew, and we remained near Littlestown, on the Hanover road, until the 1st instant, when we resumed our march toward Gettysburg. Arriving near this place toward evening, we formed a line of battle about 1 1/2 miles from the town, in rear of the Third Brigade of this division, and about half a mile to the right of the pike on which we had been marching. Remaining in this position but a short time, about dusk we were withdrawn, and placed upon the right of said pike, and there we lay upon our arms until morning.

---------------

*Of the First Brigade, 1, 830, and of the Third Brigade, 1, 571. **Embodied in revised statement, p. 184.

---------------

