
in command of the company of skirmishers sent from that regiment, was, while reconnoitering near the intrenchments, taken prisoner, as also were 5 men of the company of the Fifth Connecticut Volunteers. July 3. -An attack was made in the morning upon the enemy in our intrenchments both by infantry and artillery. The Twentieth Connecticut Volunteers ere advanced into the woods in front of our troops, where the enemy had posted himself, and to which point was evidently advancing more forces. Lieutenant-Colonel Wooster, who was in command of this regiment, had a difficult and responsible duty to perform. He was not only required to keep the enemy in check, but encountered great difficulty, while resisting the enemy, in protecting himself against the fire of our own artillery, aimed partly over his command at the enemy in and near our intrenchments. His greatest embarrassment was, the farther he pushed the enemy the more directly he was placed under the fire of our own guns. Some of his men became severely wounded by our artillery fire. For several hours this regiment occupied a most important position in these woods south of our line of intrenchments in preventing the enemy getting around the right of General Geary's forces in the intrenchments on our left, and holding the enemy back so that our artillery could have free play upon his columns without destroying our own troops. About 2 p. m. this regiment was relieved by the One hundred and Twenty-third New York Volunteers, which soon reported to me that, not finding any enemy, they had entered and then held the breastworks, which information was immediately communicated by me to the general commanding the division, when I received orders to move the other regiments of my brigade into the intrenchments, which was immediately done. During the cannonading in the forenoon from the battery placed upon a hill in our rear, the fire of which was directed over the regiments of this brigade at the enemy in our intrenchments in our front, Colonel E. L. Price, One hundred and forty-fifth, sent a messenger to me, informing me that this battery was firing very low and near his command. The messenger was asked by me if any of the troops had been hurt, to which the messenger replied that they had not, so far as he knew or had heard. Recollecting the near approach to a panic to which Colonel Price's command had reached the evening before, without any sufficient cause, and at this time not hearing any complaint from other regiments of the brigade equally exposed, I made the cautionary remark, in reply, that Colonel Price should not get frightened before he was hurt, or words to that effect. Afterward I was informed by officers in command of other regiments that men in their regiments had been wounded, and by the fire of this battery, when I immediately dispatched Captain E. J. Rice, my acting assistant adjutant-general, to the commanding general and the officer commanding the battery, with information of the fact, requesting of this latter officer that proper and adequate care should be used to avoid the infliction of further injury. Whether from want of proper heed to this remonstrance on the part of the persons in charge of the battery, or whether from imperfect fuse or defective shells, most probably the latter, other men in different regiments were afterward wounded and some killed, when further remonstrance was made, and the command was ordered some distance to the rear, near the creek at the base of the hill, and while here a shell under my own eye fell unexploded into this creek in the rear of my men. No further

