
injury, however, I believe, occurred from this source. Colonel E. L. Price, One hundred and forty-fifth New York Volunteers, in his report, says: I dispatched Sergt. Major M. J. Shanly to inform the colonel commanding the brigade that several of my men had been wounded by the fire of our own artillery. On the delivery of this message, the said Sergeant-Major Shanly was instructed by the commanding officer of the brigade to tell Colonel Price not to fret. Shortly after the arrival of this message, 3 more of my command were wounded, including a commissioned officer. No such message was communicated to me by Colonel Price through Sergeant-Major Shanly or any other person, but, on the contrary, the messenger from Colonel Price, with the only communication to me from him on this subject, distinctly told me, in reply to a question asked by me, that none of the troops had been hurt, as far as he knew or had heard, as before stated. Colonel Price's report is forwarded with this correction in statement of facts. After the arrival of the several regiments of the brigade in the intrenchments, a heavy cannonading was commenced upon our left, and as the line of the breastworks occupied by this brigade was perpendicular to the position of the general line on the left attacked, my command for several hours was under the range of the artillery of the enemy, covering us with an enfilading fire, shells and solid shot passing through and crushing the tops of trees over our heads and falling within and on both sides of our works. The command bore this dangerous fire with commendable coolness. Pursuant to orders from division headquarters, between 4 and 5 p. m., having been relieved in the occupancy of the breastwork by regiments from the Third Brigade, I proceeded with my command to the rear of the left center, near the headquarters of the commander-in-chief, when I was halted in column by an officer from the headquarters of the army, who had met me on the marc and conducted me to this position. While at a halt, I received orders from the major-general commanding the corps to remain here until further orders, and, after remaining in this position about three-quarters of an hour, the enemy having been repulsed completely along our whole line, I was ordered, by order from corps headquarters, to return to my breastworks. In returning, I was ordered to place a portion of my command in rear of the Third Brigade, in doing which, while passing through a ravine. Captain Norman F. Weer, of the One hundred and twenty-third New York Volunteers, a brave and most valuable officer, was wounded in the knee by a musket-shot from one of the enemy's sharpshooters, and has since died. Several men in this regiment were also wounded. On this day, while behind the breastworks engaged with the enemy's sharpshooters. Captain Henry Fenton, Company G. Third Maryland Volunteers, an excellent and gallant officer, was killed by a musket-ball through the head, entering his forehead. While in the breastworks this afternoon, my command was subjected to a very annoying fire from concealed sharpshooters in the woods in front. In the early part of the evening, the regiments of the Third Brigade were removed from my breastworks, and the regiments of my brigade resumed their former position. During the forepart of the night, a fire was elicited from my front line by some firing from the enemy in front, which, however, was of short duration and without injury to our side.

50 R R-VOL XXVII, PT I

