
July 4. -The One hundred and twenty-third New York Volunteers, Fifth Connecticut, and Forty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers were detached from my brigade and placed under the command of Colonel Colgrove, of the Twenty-seventh Indiana Volunteers, and, in connection with other regiments of the Third Brigade of this division, with a battery attached, made a reconnaissance in front of the right of our line, around and through the town of Gettysburg, when they returned to the intrenchments. During this day, the enemy having retired the night before, my command was engaged in gathering arms left on the field be the enemy and taking care of the wounded and burying the dead of both friend and foe. July 5. -The burying of the rebel dead was still continued in front of our line until all were buried. A very large number of the enemy's dead and wounded were found in the woods in rear, within and in front of our intrenchments. Many were killed by our artillery fire, but the large majority by musketry. About 10. 30 a. m. the brigade, in connection with the corps, commenced march, and proceeded by way of Littlestown, Pa., Frederick City, Md., and Crampton's Gap to near Fair Play, Md. July 11. -Formed line of battle. July 12. -In connection with the other brigades of the division, we advanced our line of battle upon the left of the Williamsport and Hagerstown pike about a mile, and remained in this position for awhile, when we fell back about 400 yards, and commenced building breastworks. July 13. -We remained behind our breastworks, having a line of pickets in front. July 14. -The brigade was moved to the front; formed a line of battle on the left the pike; threw out the Third Maryland Regiment as skirmishers, who soon reported that the enemy had evacuated their position in front the night before, when we commenced our march in column down the pike toward Williamsport, and, after advancing about 2 miles, turned to the left toward Falling Waters, and, after proceeding about 2 miles farther, were halted, when our skirmishers, who had preceded us, brought in 6 commissioned officers and 235 enlisted men as prisoners, being a portion of the rear guard of the enemy. It was ascertained at this time that the enemy had crossed the river, and for the time had eluded our pursuit. During July 2 and 3, Brig. General A. S. Williams being in command of the corps, I was under the immediate command of Brigadier General Thomas H. Ruger, commanding the division, and most, if not all, the movements detailed by me during these two days were under his immediate eye and constant advisement, and I cannot let this opportunity pass without acknowledging my obligation to him for the aid and support I derived during those trying days from his superior experience, as well as for the confidence and encouragement inspired by the kind and generous manner in which he maintained the command. It is also my duty to acknowledge the brave and gallant manner with which Lieutenant-Colonel Wooster, commanding the Twentieth Connecticut Volunteers, as well as the officers and men under his command, while in action on the 3rd instant, aided in the recovery of our intrenchments. For several hours, without flinching, they maintained a steady contest with the enemy, enduring part of the time an afflictive and discouraging, though accidental, fire of our own batteries.

