HEADQUARTERS 123rd NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,August 13, 1863.

LIEUTENANT:I have the honor to report, in compliance with your request of August 13, the number of men carried into the engagement at Gettysburg, Pa., July 1, 2, and 3, of each regiment belonging to the First Brigade, First Division, Twelfth Corps, as follows:Twentieth Connecticut Volunteers (July 1) 321Twentieth Connecticut Volunteers (July 2) 317Twentieth Connecticut Volunteers (July 8) 310Third Maryland Volunteers (July 1) 290Third Maryland Volunteers (July 2) ....Third Maryland Volunteers (July 3) ....Forty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers 262One hundred and forty-fifth New York Volunteers 245Fifth Connecticut Volunteers 221One hundred and twenty-third New York Volunteers 495
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. L. McDOUGALL,

Colonel 123rd New York Vols., Comdg. First Brigadier

Lieutenant ROBERT P. DECHERT,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brig., First Div.

No. 275. Reports of Colonel Warren W. Packer, Fifth Connecticut Infantry.

CAMP NEAR SNICKERSVILLE, VA.,

July 21, 1863.

COLONEL: In reply to orders from brigade headquarters, July 19, 1863, I have the honor to report concerning the movements of this regiment since leaving Stafford Court-House, Va., and up to the time of its arrival at camp near Snickersville, Va. We left Stafford Court-House June 13, and, marching by way of Dumfries, Fairfax Court-House, and Dranesville, stopping for one day at Fairfax Court-House, arrived at Leesburg upon the 18st. Here the regiment was detailed for provost duty in the city, remaining one week. Resuming the march, we crossed the Potomac at Edwards Ferry June 26. We then moved by way of Point of Rocks and Jefferson to Frederick, Md., reaching the latter place June 28. From thence we moved the following day toward the Pennsylvania line, marching by way of Walkersville, Woodsborough, and Ladiesburg, to Littlestown. At about the distance of 1 mile from the latter place, this regiment was thrown out as picket upon the left of the turnpike, distant from it about 1 mile, remaining but three hours, when we rejoined the brigade. The following morning, July 1, marched from thence to within 1 mile of Gettysburg, Pa. We then filed to the right, and, after marching nearly 1 mile, formed line of battle; were then ordered to support a section of Battery M, First New York Artillery. Upon being relieved of this duty, we were thrown forward as skirmishers. On the morning of the 2d, we rejoined the brigade, which moved forward, taking a new position, which we proceeded to fortify by throwing up breastworks.

