
On the evening of the 2d, we moved to the left about 2 miles, remaining but a short time. Upon attempting to return to the breastworks, we found them occupied by the enemy, in consequence of which, after detailing Company E as skirmishers, they losing 5 men taken prisoners, we remained in the field until the morning of the 3d, occupying the same position until 12 m., when the regiment moved a short distance to the rear, taking position in a ravine, for the purpose of watching the movements of the enemy upon our right flank. Left this position at 5 p. m., moving to the rear by the Bonaughtown road about 2 miles, in support of General Gregg's cavalry. Remained here until 7 a. m. July 4, when we resumed our old position in the breastworks previously constructed (in so doing marched completely around our right flank; also in front of our line of battle, being the first regiment of infantry to pass through the town of Gettysburg), holding the same until 11 a. m. the following day, July 5, when, it having been ascertained that the enemy were retreating toward the river, we left the latter position and retraced our march, arriving at Frederick, Md., July 8, passing directly through the city, and by way of Middletown, Burkittsville, and Crampton's Gap, arrived at Fair Play on the morning of July 11, when we were thrown forward as skirmishers, and were relieved by details from different regiments at 6 p. m. of the same day. July 12. -Remained in line until 11 a. m., when we moved forward to the extreme front of the ground skirmished over the previous day. Later in the day we moved to the rear for better position, and commenced erecting breastworks, continuing them until finished, July 13. July 14. -Moved forward to within 1 1/2 miles of Falling Waters, when, it being ascertained that the enemy had escaped across the river, we moved 2 miles to the rear, remaining over night. The following day, July 15, marched in the direction of Maryland Heights, by way of Fair Play, Antietam, and Sharpsburg, arriving at night near Maryland Heights. July 16. -Resumed the march, and, crossing the Heights, arrived at camp, near Sandy Hook, at 10 a. m. of same day. Here we remained, obtaining supplies, &amp;c., until the 19th, when we crossed the Potomac at Harper's Ferry, and marched to camp, near Snickersville, Va., arriving at nightfall July 20, where we now remain.

I am, with, respect, your obedient servant,

WARREN W. PACKER,

Colonel Fifth Connecticut Volunteers.

Colonel A. L. McDOUGALL,

Comdg. First Brigade, First Division, Twelfth Corps.

KELLY'S FORD, VA.,

August 16, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following official report of the operations of this regiment during the recent campaign, from June 13 to August 2, inclusive: On June 13, orders were received to move at sunrise, at which time line of march was taken up in direction of Hope Landing, on Aquia Creek, where we arrived at 4 p. m. An hour later, orders were received to march immediately, and, retracing our march from Stafford

