HDQRS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 5, 1863-8. 30 a. m.

(Received 8. 40 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

The enemy retired, under cover of the night and heavy rain, in the direction of Fairfield and Cashtown. All my available cavalry are in pursuit, o the enemy's left and rear. My movement will be made at once on his flank, via Middletown and South Mountain Pass. I cannot give you the details of our captures in prisoners, color, and arms. Upward of twenty battle-flags will be turned in from one corps. I cannot delay to pick up the debris of the battle-field, and request that all those arrangements may be made by the departments. My wounded, with those of the enemy in our hands, will be left at Gettysburg. After burying our own, I am compelled to employ citizens to bury the enemy's dead. My headquarters will be to-night at Creagerstown. Communication received from General [W. F.] Smith, in command of 3, 000 men, on the march from Carlisle toward Cashtown. Field return last evening gives me about 55, 000 effective in the ranks, exclusive of cavalry, baggage guards, ambulances, attendants, &amp;c. Every available re-enforcement is required, and should be sent to Frederick without delay.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.

HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 5, 1863-6 p. m.

(Received 11. 30 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I send copies of all my dispatches since yesterday morning. My army is all in motion. I shall be at Frederick to-morrow night. I desire the forces mentioned in your dispatch to Major-General French to be thrown to Harper's Ferry by rail as soon as possible. I shall so instruct Major-General French. It is of importance to get possession of South Mountain passes and Maryland Heights.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D, C., July 5, 1863.

Major-General MEADE,

Army of the Potomac:

Your movements are perfectly satisfactory. Your call for reenforcements to Frederick has been anticipated. Call to you all of Couch's force.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 5, 1863.

Major-General MEADE,

Army of the Potomac:

You will assume the general command of such of General Couch's forces as are operating in the field, and direct their movements as you

