
Court-House, we continued the same all night, reaching a place called Dumfries at 12 m. the following day. Here we remained until 3 a. m. June 15, when we resumed our march, crossing the Occoquan, and arriving at Fairfax Court-House, Va., st 10 p. m. This march was peculiarly exhausting to the men, as the weather was intensely warm and the distance nearly 30 miles. Remaining here until the morning of June 17, we again broke camp at 3 a. m., marching in the direction of Leesburg, encamping at night near the cross-roads. In the morning resumed the march at 7 o'clock, reaching Leesburg at 6 p. m., and had but just encamped when orders were received detailing my command as provost guard. Accordingly, we moved into town, and were quartered in previously unoccupied buildings. We remained in Leesburg until Friday, June 26, performing guard and other duties necessary to the maintenance of order. Upon this day, the remainder of our corps having left the vicinity, my command was ordered to hold the town until the Fifth Corps should move up and relieve us. Upon the arrival of the latter, we took up our line of march, crossing the Potomac at Edwards Ferry, encamping near the Monocacy River. The following morning, 27th, we rejoined the brigade, and move toward Knoxville, Md., arriving there at 9 p. m. The following day we resumed the march in the direction of the city of Frederick, encamping there for the night. Upon the 29th, we reached Woodsborough, where we remained until morning, when we moved toward Littlestown, Pa. At 10 a. m., hearing that the enemy were in our front prepared for action, the regiment was ordered out to protect a road upon the left, but saw no enemy. At 2 p. m. we rejoined the brigade, and went into camp near Littlestown, Pa. Upon the morning of July 1, we moved forward as far as Two Taverns, where we arrive at 11 a. m., and could distinctly hear the sounds of the engagement then progressing in front. At 12 m. we advanced to the vicinity of Gettysburg, and immediately took up position upon the extreme right, this regiment being ordered to support Battery M, First New York Artillery. At 6 p. m. we took up a new position, when my command was thrown forward as skirmishers 1 1/2 miles in advance of the brigade, and remained in this position all night, or until 4 a. m. on the morning of the 2d. During this time saw no enemy. We then received orders to rejoin the brigade, and, upon so doing, the whole moved forward to a new position upon the right, and commenced throwing up breastworks. Brisk skirmishing was in progress all the morning both upon the left and center. About noon, the artillery opened along the entire line, the fighting being very severe. At 4 p. m. our division was ordered to the extreme left, in assuming which position we passed through a heavy fire of artillery. Arriving at the designated point, the danger being over, we were ordered back to our position in the breastworks. Having arrived near them at 9 a. m., we learned that they were occupied by the enemy in force. The commanding general immediately threw forward skirmishers to ascertain the situation of affairs, Captain Chinery and 13 men from his company (E) composing a part of the same. Their instructions were not to fire upon or otherwise alarm the

