
enemy, but merely to ascertain and report their strength and position. In endeavoring to carry out these instructions, 5 enlisted men of my command were taken prisoners. Others coming in reported our works occupied by the enemy in heavy force.

At about 10 p. m., as we were preparing to move back to the crest of the hill in our rear, we received a volley from the enemy's skirmishers. No damage was done, however. Having reached the crest of the hill, we passed the night in that position.

At 4 a. m. July 3, the battle opened upon our side by twenty pieces of artillery sweeping the woods in which the enemy was concealed, our regiment being at the same time in reserve.

At 10 a. m. we were ordered to move back about half a mile, for the purpose of watching the movements of the enemy upon our right. Having taken our position, skirmishers were thrown forward, but were troubled by no one excepting the enemy's sharpshooters. Here we remained until 6 p. m., when we were ordered to report with the Thirteenth New Jersey as support for General Gregg's cavalry, who were protecting the extreme right of our army. We moved off about 2 miles, and stopped for the night. Our loss this day (July 3) was 3 men wounded by fragments of shell.

At 7 a. m. July 4, we moved around, passing over the ground previously occupied by Ewwll's corps of the rebel army, into Gettysburg, rejoining the brigade at 10 a. m., and remaining in this position all night. The following day we marched back to Littlestown, and remained all night.

On July 6, marched at 7 a. m., but were halted after going about 3 miles, as the fighting was renewed at the front.

On July 7, marched toward Frederick City, encamping within 5 miles of the town.

On July 8, we moved at 5 a. m., passing through Frederick City, and Middletown, halting for the night at Burkittsville, near Crampton's Gap. Leaving Burkittsville on the 9th, passing over the mountain through Crampton's Gap, we encamped at 11 a. m. in Pleasant Valley. Broke camp at 4 a. m. the morning of the 10th; passed through Keedysville, and soon after crossing Antietam Creek, were drawn up in line of battle; but it having been ascertained that there was no enemy in front we went into camp. Upon the 11th, we left camp at 7 a. m., and, soon after advancing through Fair Play, found the enemy's pickets. My command was then thrown forward as skirmishers, and as such were briskly engaged all day. At sundown we rejoined the rest of the brigade.

At about 10 o'clock upon the 12th, we moved to the front about 1 mile from line of battle, and commenced building breastworks, working all night. It was expected that we should receive orders to advance upon the morning of the 13th, but no such orders being received, we continued work upon the breastworks, finishing them at nightfall.

At 4 a. m. 14th, we advanced, or rather broke camp, and at 7 o'clock were fairly in motion, with our opposition, in the direction of Williamsport, the skirmisher, however, taking many prisoners.

At 2 p. m. we halted, all the rebels being driven across the Potomac.

At 3 p. m. we left Falling Waters, and marched for Williamsport, where we encamped.

