
The following day we again marched, encamping at night in Pleasant Valley. Continued our march the ensuing day toward Sandy Hook; crossed the mountain, and encamped upon the ground occupied by the regiment upon their first arrival in Maryland, August 1, 1861. Here we remained until Sunday, July 19, when we crossed the Potomac into Virginia for the fourth time, and encamped in Loudoun Valley. Upon the following day we reached Snickersville, and remained until the 23d. Upon the 23d, we again took up line of march for Paris, where we arrived at 4 p. m., when we were ordered to move to Markham Station, where we arrived at 12 midnight. This was the severest march of the campaign. Upon the 24th, we left Markham Station for Manassas Gap, where we remained until 2 p. m., when we again took up the march for White Plains, where we arrived at 1 a. m., having marched thus far into the night. The following morning we moved at 8 a. m., halting at 10 o'clock and resuming the march at 12 m., passing through Thoroughfare Gap, and encamping at Hay Market. Upon the 26th, acting as guard to the train, passed through Greenwich about noon, arriving at Warrenton Junction at 5 p. m., where we found the brigade encamped. We remained here until July 30, when we moved at 6 a. m., and arrived at Kelly's Ford at 4 p. m., and encamped upon the river bank. August 1, we moved at 3 a. m., crossing the Rappahannock upon pontoons, and were immediately deployed as skirmishers, and thrown out 2 miles to the front, where we remained until 9 p. m. August 2, when we recrossed the river, and are now encamped 1 mile from the ford, awaiting orders. In conclusion, allow me to say that both officers and men conducted themselves in a manner which won the cordial approval of their superior officers in every instance; and although our list casualties is comparatively small by the side of those of other regiments, yet, in respect to a disposition to do, and the record of arduous duties well performed, I claim for my command a place second to none. I cannot conclude this report without calling your especial attention to the conduct and good deeds of the esteemed chaplain of this regiment, Rev. M. C. Welch, who, totally regardless of self or personal safety, was invariably found in the front whenever the regiment or any portion of it occupied a position of danger or responsibility, encouraging the men by his presence, doing all in his power to relieve the wounded; once taken prisoner, but making his escape, and reporting himself immediately for the duties of his position. All this has greatly attached the regiment to Mr. Welch, and we hope for a continuance of his connection with us during our term of service. A report of casualties has been forwarded to the adjutant-general, so that it is though unnecessary to append it to this report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WARREN W. PACKER,

Colonel, Commanding Fifth Connecticut Volunteers.

His Excellency WILLIAM A. BUCKINGHAM,

Governor of the State of Connecticut.

