
Numbers 277. Report of Colonel Joseph M. Sudsburg, Third Maryland Infantry.

CAMP NEAR KELLY'S FORD, VA.,

August 14, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with circular of August 12, 1863, I have the honor to report that my regiment was engaged, July 2, at Gettysburg on the extreme right of the line, but in the evening we were ordered to the left, where we remained about one hour, when we returned to occupy our former position, but found the enemy had taken possession.

On Friday morning, the 3d, we were held in reserve. At noon we advanced and took our former position. At 2 p. m. we were ordered to the center, where we remained until 4 p. m., when orders were received to move again to the right, when we were drawn up in line of battle behind breastworks, and one company was thrown out as skirmishers. Our casualties this day were 1 commissioned officer killed and 7 enlisted men wounded.

On Saturday, the 4th, a detachment was sent out in front to collect arms and accouterments and to bury the dead of the enemy.

On Sunday, the 5th, received orders to march. We went to Littlestown, Pa., where we encamped; distance, 8 miles.

On the 6th, marched about 2 miles in the direction of Taneytown, where we encamped.

On the 7th, marched at 6 a. m. and encamped near Frederick, Md. ; distance, 27 miles.

On the 8th, marched to Burkittsville; distance, 17 miles.

On the 9th, marched through Crampton's Gap and encamped near Rohrersville, Md. ; distance, 10 miles.

On the 10th, marched to Bakersville; distance, 6 miles.

On the 11th, marched to Jones' Cross-Roads; distance, 6 miles.

On the 12th, advanced 1 mile; fell back half way, and were engaged in the erection of breastworks.

On the 13th, still at work.

On the 14th, we were thrown out as skirmishers. We were in close pursuit of the enemy to Falling Waters, and succeeded in capturing 280 prisoners. We then marched to within 1 mile of Williamsport, and encamped.

On the 15th, marched 17 miles, and encamped.

On the 16th, marched to Sandy Hook, distance 7 miles, where we remained until the 19th, when we crossed the Potomac and Shenandoah Rivers, and marched to Woodsborough; distance, 15 miles.

On the 20th, marched to Snickersville, distance 18 miles, where we remained until the 23d, when we marched past Chester and Ashby's Gaps, and encamped near Linden Station; distance, 20 miles.

On the 24th, marched to White Plains; distance, 20 miles.

On the 25th, marched to Hay Market; distance, 14 miles.

On the 26th, marched to Warrenton Junction, distance 12 miles, where we remained until the 31st, when we moved to Kelly's Ford, Va., distance 16 miles, where we are encamped at this time.

I am, sir, &amp;c.,

J. M. SUDSBURG, Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant J. H. KNIPE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

