
lNumbers 278. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Gilbert P. Robinson, Third Maryland Infantry.

CAMP NEAR SNICKERSVILLE, VA.,

July 21, 1863.

SIR: I have honor to make the following report of the Third Regiment Maryland Volunteer Infantry:

On Saturday, June 13, received orders to march. Broke camp at Kane's Landing, Va., and marched to near Hope Landing. Then countermarched to Dumfries. Arrived at said place on the 14th ultimo at 10 a. m. ; distance, 30 miles.

On the 15th, marched at 3 a. m. ; crossed the Occoquan River at noon, and encamped at Fairfax Court-House at (p., . ; distance, 25 miles.

On the 17th, marched at 3 a. m., and encamped at 1 p. m. near Spring Vale, Va. ; distance, 9 miles.

On the 18th, marched at 4 a. m. ; crossed Broad Run and Goose Creek, and encamped at 5 p. m. near Leesburg, Va. ; distance, 16 miles.

On the 26th, marched at 8 a. m. ; crossed the Potomac at Edwards Ferry on pontoons; passed through Poolesville, Md., and encamped near Monocacy River; distance, 30 miles.

On the 27th, marched at 9 a. m. in the direction of Harper's Ferry, and encamped at Petersville, Md., at 9 p. m. ; distance, 14 miles. On the 28th, marched at 5 a. m., and encamped at Frederick City, Md., at 2 p. m. ; distance, 14 miles.

On the 29th, marched at daylight, and encamped at Ladiesburg, Md., at 9 p. m. ; distance, 22 miles.

On the 30th, marched at daylight; crossed the Pennsylvania line, and encamped at Littlestown about 2 p. m. ; distance, 14 miles. July 1, marched at 5 a. m. in the direction of Gettysburg, and were detailed as guard to the division ordnance train.

On the 2d, were relieved, and joined the brigade. We were in the reserve. The balance of the corps was engaged building breastworks. There was heavy fighting all day, extending from right to left. In the evening were ordered to the assistance of the left wing, when the enemy fell back. We were then ordered to return to our former position, but on arriving there found the enemy there, and, after exchanging a few shots, fell back. We were then ordered to lie down for the night. July 3, at daylight, our artillery opened fire on our lost breastworks. We were held in reserve, but under fire, all day. At 3 p. m. we advanced and relieved the Second Division, where we kept up a continual fire with the enemy's sharpshooters. Our loss was 1 commissioned officer killed and 5 enlisted men wounded. On the 4th, the enemy had evacuated. We sent out a detachment to gather arms and equipments.

On the 5th, resumed the line of march; passed through Littlestown about dark, and encamped; distance marched, 8 miles.

On the 6th, marched at 4 a. m. to 5 miles south of Littlestown, and encamped.

On the 7th, marched at daylight; passed through Taneytown and Ladiesburg, and encamped 3 miles north of Frederick City, Md. ; distance marched, 27 miles.

On the 8th, marched at 5 a. m. ; passed through Frederick,

