
Middletown, and Burkittsville, and encamped 1 mile east from Cramp ton's Gap. On the 9th, marched at 7 a. m. ; took the Boonsborough road, and encamped at Rohrersville; distance marched, 5 miles. On the 10th, marched at daylight, and encamped near Fair Play; distance, 10 miles. On the 11th, marched at 4 a. m. ; passed through Fair Play; formed line of battle 3 miles from town, and marched 5 miles in the direction of Hagerstown, where we encamped. On the 12th, advanced our line of battle 1 mile; at 5 p. m. fell back to a high ridge; formed a new line, and commenced to build breastworks. On the 13th, we held the breastworks. On the 14th,, ordered to march. At 5 a. m. relieved by the Third Corps. Our corps advanced and formed line; our regiment was thrown out as skirmisher. We advanced 4 miles in the direction of the river. We took 6 commissioned officers and 235 enlisted men prisoners. On the 15th, marched at daylight; passed through Fair Play and Sharpsburg, and encamped 3 miles from Harper's Ferry; distance, 22 miles. On the 16th, marched at 4 a. m. ; crossed Maryland Heights, and encamped in Pleasant Valley, above Sandy Hook, distance, 5 miles, where we remained until the 19th instant, when we broke up camp at 6 p. m. ; crossed the Potomac and Shenandoah Rivers; went up Loudoun Valley, and encamped near Hillsborough; distance, 9 miles. On the 20th, were detailed as wagon-train guard. Marched at 8 a. m., and encamped near Snicker's Gap, where we are at present; distance, 10 miles.

GILBERT P. ROBINSON,

Lieutenant Colonel, Comdg. Third Regiment Maryland Vols.

Captain E. J. RICE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 279. Report of Lieutenant Colonel James C. Rogers, One hundred and twenty-third New York Infantry.

PLEASANT VALLEY, MD.,

July 18, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with circular from brigade headquarters, dated July 18, 1863, I have the honor to submit the following report of the marches and duties performed by this regiment for the last six weeks: At 6 a m. June 13, the regiment left camp, near Stafford Court-House, Va., and marched to within a mile of Brooke's Station, where a camp was laid out. Then an order came to move at 6 p. m., and before sunset we marched back toward Stafford Court-House. Continued the march all night, and arrived at Dumfries at 9 a. m. On the 15th, left Dumfries, and, after a march of 25 miles through heat and dust, arrived at Fairfax Court-House at 9 p. m. At 4 a. m. of Wednesday, June 17, started from camp, and, after a march of about 10 miles, encamped about 2 miles southeast of Dranesville. The next day, June 18, marched 20 miles, and encamped

