
July 5. -Left our old position, and, marching 10 miles, encamped near Littlestown.

July 6. -Moved only 2 or 3 miles.

July 7. -Marched about 30 miles, and encamped about 4 miles north of Frederick.

July 8. - Passed through Frederick; crossed the Catoctin Range; passed through Middletown, and at night encamped near Burkittsville.

July 9. -Passed through Crampton's Gap, and encamped near Rohrersville.

July 10. -Marched 10 miles, and encamped near Bakersville.

July 11. -Encamped just beyond Fair Play. Came up with the enemy at this place. Next day, moved forward about a mile behind the skirmishers, but before dark moved back on to a rocky ridge behind a march, and commenced throwing up breastwork. Worked all night and most of next day in adding traverses, in accordance with orders from brigade headquarters. At 5 a. m. of the 14th, moved to the front; the enemy had left; marched to within a short distance of Falling Waters; lay near there for the night. The next morning at 4 a. m. marched back, and, passing through Fair Play, Bakersville, and Sharpsburg, halted for the night on the west side of Maryland Heights.

July 16. -Crossed the Heights, and encamped in Pleasant Valley, near Sandy Hook, our present location. All, both officers and men, have borne the arduous duties of the campaign cheerfully and well. To Captain Tanner, of Company C, upon whom the command has fallen whenever I have been absent or on other duty, especial credit is due for promptness and ability in performing whatever duty was assigned him.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

JAMES C. ROGERS.

Lieutenant/Colonel, Commanding.

Captain E. J. RICE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 280. Report of Colonel E. Livingston Price, One hundred and Forty-fifth New York Infantry.

IN THE FIELD, CAMP NEAR SNOCKERSVILLE, VA.,

July 23, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders, I have the honor to submit the following report of the services rendered by my command during the operations of this army, from July 1 to 15: On the morning of July 1, my command moved from Littlestown, Pa., and halted about 2 miles from Gettysburg, where it was drawn up in line of battle on the right of the Gettysburg pike. Heavy cannonading being heard in the direction of Gettysburg, we were ordered to advance with the brigade to within supporting distance

