
thirty minutes, when the artillery fire partially ceased and the infantry in front of my line became hotly engaged. Company C was engaged with the enemy, and lost 1 private killed and 2 wounded, when it was recalled, and rejoined my command. The artillery occasionally opened upon the woods in my front, the shells of which barely cleared, the men of my command, who at that time were lying down. Subsequently several of my men were wounded by the fire of our artillery, and, deeming it advisable and proper to report the facts to my commanding officer, I dispatched Sergt. Major M. J. Shamly to inform the brigade that several of my men had been wounded by the fire of our own artillery.

On the delivery of this message, the said Sergeant-Major Shanly was instructed by the commanding officer of the brigade to tell Colonel Price "not to fret. " Shortly after the arrival of this message, 3 more of my command were wounded, including a commissioned officer. In company with Colonel Selfridge, Forty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers, I proceeded to the battery which had injured my command, where I met Major-General Slocum, whom I informed of the injury done by said battery, when my command was withdrawn a short distance, and no further injury inflicted upon it.

My command was afterward moved forward to occupy the position of the day before, the enemy having been driven beyond the stone wall and breastworks before alluded to. My command remained in this position, under a severe fire from the enemy`s artillery, until 4. 30 o`clock, when it was moved to the support of the center, but hardly reached there before receiving orders to return to my former position on the right. My regiment was afterwards thrown forward into the first line, behind the breastworks, where it engaged the enemy` s sharpshooters until darkness put an end to further operations.

I was relieved by the One hundred and twenty-third Regiment New York Volunteers, Captain Tanner commanding, about 8 p. m., and retired to my former position behind the stone wall, where my command rested on their arms during the night.

Nothing unusual occurred during the night save the alarm in the first line which caused it to fire.

On the morning of the 4th, I was again thrown into the front line behind the breastworks, but nothing of importance occurred, the enemy having evacuated his position in our front during the night, leaving his dead upon the field; also many of his wounded. My command was again relieved about 12 o`clock, and again took up a position in the second line, behind the said stone wall; but this time my command was deprived of its former position by the posting of the One hundred and twenty-third New York Volunteers in my former position, and placing me in a small open field to the left of my original position. At this time the weather had changed, and the rain was falling in torrents, wetting my men thoroughly, and depriving them of rest and sleep during the following night.

Thus for four days and three nights were the men of my command subjected to the severest hardships, besides trials and dangers of almost every description; vet throughout all I cannot but speak in the highest terms of both the officers and men of my command. All behaved with a nobleness of spirit well worthy of record; each and every one seemed aware of the great issues involved, and the importance of the struggle in which they were engaged.

51 R R - VOL XXVII, PT I

