
On the morning of July 5, my command moved at 10. 30 o`clock, marching through Littlestown, and encamping just outside that place. On the morning od the 6th, we again started, continuing the march, passing through the towns of Frederick and Burkittsville, and on Saturday, the 11th instant, (encamped) near Fair Play, Md., about 5 miles from Williamsport, where we were employed during the three days of our stay at this place in throwing up breastworks.

On Sunday, the 14th instant, finding the enemy had fallen back, we followed with the main body of the army, halting near Williamsport. On the following morning we took upper line of march, and halted near Harper`s Ferry, W. Va.

On the 16th, we moved again a short distance, and encamped at Pleasant Walley, Md., where my command was allowed to rest, and requisitions were made to furnish it with arms, ammunition, and clothing, for which, after such a severe campaign, my command stood greatly in need.

I cannot but mention the valuable services rendered me during the engagement at Gettysburg by Sergt. Major M. J. Shanly, who acted as adjutant, the adjutant of my regiment being absent during the battle.

In conclusion, I cannot omit speaking of the nobleness with which my command endured the privations, hardships, and trials of these fifteen days. It marched over 150 miles, engaged the enemy for two or three days at Gettysburg, built breastworks and abatis, was deprived continually of both rest and sleep, performed forced marches of nearly 30 miles per day through mud and rain, sometimes with inadequate rations, and many of my men without shoes or sufficient clothing. When I remember all this; when I consider the trials of these four days and nights before Gettysburg; the great fortitude and courage exhibited by the officers and men of my command; that not a man faltered; that not a single case of disobedience of orders occurred, I am constrained to believe that additional and greater honors await it on future fields of victory. I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

ED. LIVINGSTON PRICE,

Colonel 145th New York Volunteers.

Captain E. J. PICE,

A. A. A. G., First Brig., First Div., Twelfth A. C. Numbers 28l.

Report of Colonel James L. Selfridge, Forty-sixth Pennsylvania

Infantry.

CAMP NEAR SANDY HOOK, MD.,

July 18, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of my command from the 13th ultimo to the present date: On the 13th ultimo, I proceeded with my command from the camp near Stafford Court-House, Va., to a point designated by you near Brooke`s Station, where after several hours` halt and active preparations for a permanent camp ground, I received orders to report with

