
Numbers 282. Report of Brigadier General Henry H. Lockwood, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., FIRST DIV., TWELFTH CORPS,July 16, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to render the following report of the operations of this command during the late battle near Gettysburg: After a long and painful march from Baltimore, via Frederick City, two regiments of this command, namely, the First Regiment Potomac Home Brigade, Maryland Volunteers, Colonel William P. Maulsby, and the One hundred and fiftieth New York Volunteers, Colonel J. H. Ketcham, arrived, and reported to the First Division, Twelfth Army Corps, at 8 a. m. July 2. They were posted at various places until about 5 p. m. of that day, when, having received an order to support the left wing of the army, then heavily engaged, they were marched to and deployed near a battery, then firing on the enemy. The First Regiment Potomac Home Brigade, Maryland Volunteers, Colonel William P. Maulsby, formed the first line, and the One hundred and fiftieth New York Volunteers, Colonel Ketcham, the second line. Thus formed, these regiments, under my charge, advanced about 1 mile, a portion in double-quick, amid the most terrific firing of shells and musketry, to and beyond the extreme front, driving the enemy before them and entirely clearing the field. A battery which had fallen into the hands of the enemy was retaken, and on our return drawn off the field by a detachment of the One hundred and fiftieth New York. On a portion of the ground over which we drove the enemy, was found a number of dead and wounded. The latter were cared for by Dr. Willard, assistant surgeon, First Regiment Potomac Home Brigade, Maryland Volunteers, who, having with difficulty procured ambulances, removed them to the hospitals. This occupied him nearly the whole night. The command withdrew from the field by special order after full darkness set in. I cannot too much commend the cool and steady courage of both officers and men on this trying occasion, which is the more remarkable as it was the first time they had been under fire. I am specially indebted to Colonel Maulsby, not only for his daring and intrepidity, but for many suggestions, which were the more valuable in consequence of his knowledge of the ground upon which we were operating. Early on the morning of the 3d, these regiments supported a battery placed to shell the woods in front of the rifle-pits on our right. At about 6 a. m. I received orders to deploy a regiment and engage the enemy within these woods. Colonel Maulsby`s regiment (First Potomac Home Brigade, Maryland Volunteers) was selected for this purpose. Under my command, the wood was entered, and the enemy engaged and driven back behind a stone wall, which was nearly parallel with the turnpike. While preparing to charge and drive him from this cover, information reached me that another regiment was taking him on his right, and that our fire would damage that movement. Having already lost in killed and wounded some 80 men, and our ammunition being short, I withdrew the regiment, and returned to the turnpike.

