
I cannot too strongly commend the courage and good conduct of every officer and man engaged in this fearful enterprise. Soon after our return, the One hundred and fiftieth New York was detailed for duty in the rifle-pits, and successively the other regiments of the command (now increased by the arrival of the First Eastern Shore (Regiment), Maryland Volunteers, Colonel Wallace) were assigned to the same duty. Finding Brigadier-General Greene already an duty at this position, I declined taking command, though his senior, and served under him there. The detailed operations of the regiments here are made in the accompanying regimental reports. I believe that every man did his duty. Toward the close od the day, I was ordered to cover the center, and, on my arrival near the cemetery, was directed to hold myself in readiness to re-enforce any point requiring aid. Here we remained inactive until near evening, when we were ordered to occupy the breastworks on the right, near the position we had held on the previous day. It only remains for me to notice the conduct of the troops. Considering that these regiments, as such, had never before been under fire, I claim for them praise for the coolness and firmness exhibited by them. Beyond a too rapid fire and a too hasty and inconsiderate advance, I have nothing to find fault with. I beg leave to notice favorably my personal staff, to whom I am indebted for very efficient service, and both of whom had their horses killed by shot and shell on the 3d.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY H. LOCKWOOD,

Brigadier-General.

Captain S. E. PITTMAN,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Division, Twelfth Army Corps.

Numbers 283. Reports of Colonel William P. Maulsby, First Potomac Home Brigade, Maryland Infantry.
HDQRS. FIRST REGIMENT P. H. B., MARYLAND VOLS.,July 4, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor, in obedience to orders, to submit the following report: This regiment and the One hundred and fiftieth New York Volunteers, Colonel Ketcham, part of the brigade od Brigadier General H. H. Lockwood, marched together from the city of Baltimore, through Frederick City, to Gettysburg, where they arrived on the morning of the 2nd instant. They were immediately posted on the right, and formed in line of battle, under the orders of Major-General Slocum. During the day they were twice advanced, but without meeting the enemy until about 5p. m., when, under the command od Brigadier-General Lockwood, they were led up to the support of the left wing, then heavily engaged with the enemy. On their arrival on the field of battle, they were instantly deployed in line, this regiment forming the first and the One hundred and fiftieth New York the second and supporting line of battle, and ordered to advance and engage the enemy. The advance was made at double-quick for about 1 mile to

