
and beyond the extreme front, driving the enemy before us and entirely clearing the field. A battery which had fallen into the hands of the enemy was retaken, and drawn off the field by hand by some of the One hundred and fiftieth New York. This regiment was especially occupied in bringing in and caring for the wounded of our own army, all of whom, it is believed, were properly attended to. It is due to Assistant Surgeon Willard, of this regiment, to state that he remained on the field with these unfortunates during almost the whole night, and until he had succeeded, with difficulty, in procuring ambulances and in having them removed to the hospitals. About midnight the command returned from the field, and about 4a. m. the 3rd instant this regiment was ordered to attack a position of the enemy on the right, behind a stone wall, running through and covered by a dense woods. The attack was made with energy under a severe musketry fire, and the stone wall nearly reached, and bayonets were fixed for a charge over it, when a brigade of National troops was perceived approaching for the purpose od flanking the enemy`s position, and this regiment was compelled to cease firing, lest it should destroy its own friends. At this moment numbers of the enemy were distinctly seen fleeing from behind the stone wall to the rear. The number of lamented dead and suffering wounded attests the severity of this engagement, and subsequent ascertainment left no room to doubt that the enemy had paid a fearful penalty. About 9 o`clock of the same morning, this regiment was ordered to advance to and hold the front of the rifle-pits on the right, which it did until the enemy`s fire wholly ceased, about 12 m. During this period a portion of my command occupied the reflepits at intervals, and other portions the plain surface at the top of the embankment, behind which the troops were sheltered, and poured upon the enemy a direct and deliberately aimed fire, pending which a white flag was raised by the enemy, and the firing, by my order, ceased. It was not again resumed on the right. At the time when this flag was raised, many other regiments were pouring upon the enemy a terrible fire, and it would be most unjust for any one to claim that the raising of the flag was due to the fire of any particular one or number of those engaged. The heaps and mounds of dead and wounded enemies which were found on the position occupied by them might well satisfy the ambition for bloody deeds of each man of every regiment engaged, however craving such ambition might be. During the final effort of the enemy on the left on the afternoon of the 3rd instant, this regiment was ordered, with the remainder of the brigade, to the support of the troops engaged, but while on the march the order was countermanded, the enemy having been fully and finally repulsed. In the engagement at the stone wall early an the morning of the 3d, were killed First Lieutenant James T. Smith, of Company C, and First Lieutenant John L. Willman, of Company D, and in that at the rifle-pits on the same day was killed First Lieutenant Charles E. Eader, of Company I. Of each of these officers I can truly say, for I know, that no braver man ever took arms to vindicate his country`s honor and uphold its glory, or was animated by purer simpler patriotism. Their faith was unmixed with complications or side issues of any kind. For their flag, the emblem of the grand constitutional Republic, they died. They lived with hearts full of love for it.

