
The following is a list of casualties:
 Officers and men.Killed.Wounded.Missing.TotalOfficers.336Enlisted men2169191Total(*)2472197
The gallantry of our lost brethren in arms, enlisted and commissioned, has embalmed their memories in the affections of their surviving comrades, while the sufferings of the wounded elicit their profoundest sympathies. The advances of this command on the afternoon of the 2nd and the morning of the 3rd were led by Brigadier-General Lockwood in person, whose unqualified exposure of his own person has impressed this command with a sense of the gallantry of their brigade commander which will ever prompt them confidently to follow where he may lead.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. P. MAULSBY,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain WILLIAM M. BOONE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST MARYLAND REGIMENT, P. H. B.,Camp near Rohrersville, Md., July -, 1863.

GENERAL: In compliance with your suggestion that I would explain to Brigadier General G. S. Greene the exact circumstances under which my regiment was withdrawn from the front of the rifle-pits on the night after surrender of a part and the withdrawal of the rest of the rebel forces on the 3rd instant, near Gettysburg. I did so to-dav, and he requested that I would reduce it to writing, and submit it to you, with a request that you would transmit it to him. My command, about 11 o`clock the preceding night, had returned from service on the left, and, without rations and very little rest, had been, early in the morning of the 3d, ordered into action at a position held by the rebels behind a stone wall on the right, some distance below the rifle-pits. Shortly after the termination of that action, it was ordered to the front of the rifle-pits, which position it held until after the withdrawal of the rebel forces, about three hours. Under its fire at the rebel position in rear of the rifle-pits the white flag was raised by the enemy, and firing ceased by my order, which was reported by me to you, and a gentleman was present, participating in the remarks made, whom I afterward learned to be Brigadier-General Greene. I then requested your permission to withdraw my command for rest, as the action had terminated, and you were aware of its exhausted condition, which you gave, but remarked that it would be well to communicate with Brigadier-General Greene, who, for the first time, I was informed, was in command at that point. A young officer, representing himself to be an aide to General Greene, and * But see revised statement, p. 184.

