
whom I have since been unable to recognize, suggested or requested that I would withdraw my command and rest it without waiting for further orders, and that I would ask the regimental commanders on my right and left to extend their ranks so as to fill the vacated space; which was done, and my regiment returned to the point from which you had ordered it. In a short time afterward, Brigadier-General Williams, commanding First Division, ordered me to take my command to the position on the right, near the stream, which it had occupied the preceding day, and, in reply to my suggestion that I might wait until you and the other regiments constituting the brigade came up, General Williams said that I had better go without any delay, and that you and the two regiments would follow. Not appreciating the importance of this communication, apart from the fact of General Greene`s request that I would make it, I have made it simply in obedience to his expressed wish. In speaking uncertainly whether it was a suggestion or a request by the aide of General Greene before mentioned, I mean to say that I did not notice the precise expressions used, but that the meaning and intent of the aide, as clearly understood by me, was to convey the authority of General Greene to me to do what was so manifestly proper and necessary to be done.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. P. MAULSBY,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier General H. H. LOCKWOOD.

Comdg. Second Brigadier First Div., Twelfth Corps.

Numbers 284 Report of Colonel James Wallace, First Eastern Shore Maryland

Infantry.

NEAR GETTYSBURG, PA.,

July 4, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to your order, I put my command in motion at 6. 30 a. m. on yesterday, and reached the field of battle a short time before 8 o`clock, where we were immediately formed into line of battle, and prepared to relieve another regiment then engaged in the fight. At 8 o`clock the order was given to advance, and the regiment went forward with a scout to relieve their exhausted comrades, who had been fighting for seven hours. They had to advance up a considerable slope, and when reaching the open level space immediately in rear of the breastworks we became exposed to a terrible fire of musketry. Owing to some misunderstanding as to the point of the works designed to be supported, four companies, under Lieutenant-Colonel Comegys, passed to the left, and five, under my own immediate supervision, moved directly to the front. Upon reaching the brow of the hill, the five companies halted for an instant upon the discovery of the enemy attempting to rush upon our works, and then delivered a very effective volley over the heads of the men occupying the position we were ordered to relieve. The officer in command of the men in the breastworks, supposing we were firing into his command, requested that the fire should cease. That volley,

