
mained under arms all night, in consequence of heavy skirmishing on the right. About 4a. m. we were ordered to support Best`s battery, on the left of the Gettysburg road, where we remained nearly two hours. about 6a. m. this regiment was ordered into the rifle-pits on the right, under command of General Geary, where it remained about two and a half hours, when it was relieved. In about an hour it was again ordered into action, where it remained about the same time as before. The average number of rounds of ammunition expended by each man was 150, and from the large number of dead bodies lying upon the ground, as seen the following morning, it is evident the shots did good execution. A detail from my regiment was made to collect and bury the rebel dead. The enemy kept up a continuous, direct, and terrible firing of musketry during the whole time engaged. My men rallied to the front in double-quick time, cheering loudly, and they fought earnestly and bravely. Not a man faltered or displayed the least cowardice. This regiment was never before under fire, and for the coolness and courage displayed on this occasion the men are entitled to the highest praise. After this last engagement it was ordered to a position on the left as a reserve, where it remained until about 6p. m., when it was ordered into camp. About 7a. m. the following morning it was ordered into rifle-pits on the right, where it remained about two hours; then relieved.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. KETCHAM.

Colonel One hundred and fiftieth Regiment New York Vols.

Captain WILLIAM M. BOONE,

Asst. Adjt. General, General Lockwood`s Brigade.

KELLY`S FORD, VA., August 13, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with the terms of the circular just received by me, I have the honor to report as follows: Enlisted men present in the engagement at Gettysburg, PA.: July 1 (regiment did not reach Gettysburg until the morning of the 2d), -; July 2, 579; July 3, 579.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant

J. H. KETCHAM,

Colonel One hundred and fiftieth New York Volunteers.

Lieutenant ROBERT P. DECHERT, A. A. A. G., Third Brigade.

Numbers 286. Reports of Colonel Silas Colgrove, Twenty-seventh Indiana Infantry, commanding regiment and Third Brigade.

NEAR KELLY`S FORD, VA., August 7, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor of submitting the following report of the part taken by the Twenty-seventh Regiment Indiana Volunteers on July 1, during the first day`s fighting at the battle of Gettysburg, Pa.: The Twenty-seventh Regiment Indiana Volunteers, with the bal-

