
The casualties* of the different regiments of this brigade having heretofore been reported in detail, supersede the necessity of making the same in this report. For a more detailed report of the part taken by each regiment during the three day`s fighting, I respectfully refer you to the accompanying reports of the commandants of the several regiments composing this command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COLGROVE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

General T. H. RUGER,

Comdg. First Div., Twelfth Corps, Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 287. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John R. Fesler, Twenty-seventh Indiana

Infantry.

KELLY`S FORD, VA., August 8, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Twenty-seventh Indiana Volunteers at the battle of Gettysburg, Pa., July 2, 3, and 4: When the command of the regiment was turned over to me, it was occupying a position on a hill and to the right of Gettysburg, in front of where the Third Brigade bivouacked on the night of the 1st instant, with skirmishers out in front of the regiment. I received orders from you, through Major T. F. Colgrove, about 8 a. m., to march the regiment to a position occupied by the remainder of the brigade, which I did, and by your orders took my position on the right of the brigade and in rear of a cliff of rocks, but that not giving shelter to the two left companies, I had breastworks of stone erected to shelter them from the fire of the enemy`s sharpshooters. About 6 p. m. I received orders from you to move the regiment to the left of the line, which had been hotly engaged during the afternoon. Arrived there about dark, and, by your order, formed the regiment in line of battle on the right of the brigade, and had skirmishers deployed in front. After remaining there for about twenty minutes, was ordered by you to call my skirmishers in and move back to my former position. Just before arriving at the ground I had formerly occupied (or within 200 yards of there), I then, in accordance with your orders, sent one company forward as skirmishers, to ascertain if the position was unoccupied. The way being clear, I moved the regiment forward and occupied the ground, and remained there unmolested until between 5 and 6 o`clock on the morning of the 3d, and then received orders from you to occupy the breastworks erected by the Third Wisconsin on the night of the 2d. On arriving there, the enemy`s sharpshooters immediately opened fire on the regiment from the breastworks built by the Third Brigade on the 2d. I was then ordered by you to charge their works. I immediately moved the regiment forward, but, on arriving within about 100 yards of their position, their fire was so deadly that I was compelled to fall back to the works I had previously occupied, which was done in good order. Remained there until about 8 a. m. on the

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 184. The number of officers and men carried into action by this brigade was as follows: Second Massachusetts, 320; Third Wisconsin 246; Twenty-seventh Indiana, 339; One hundred and seventh New York, 319, and Thirteenth New Jersey, 347, making a total of 1, 571

---------------

