
morning of the 4th; kept up occasional firing on the 3rd until about 4 p. m. ; then in accordance with your orders, made a reconnaissance to the right of Gettysburg. Found no enemy, and returned to position I left in the morning. In the charge on the enemy on the 3d, loss in killed, 15; loss in wounded, including 7 commissioned officers, 83. Loss in killed in works, 3 enlisted men; loss in wounded, 10, including 1 commissioned officer. Total loss: Killed, 18; wounded, 93; total 111. *

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN R. FESLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel Twenty-seventh Indiana Volunteers.

Colonel S. COLGROVE,

Comdg. Third Brigade, First Division, Twelfth Corps.

Numbers 288. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles F. Morse, Second Massachusetts

Infantry.

1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report: The Second Massachusetts Regiment, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Mudge, rejoined the Third Brigade after the battle of Beverly Ford, at Fairfax Court-House, Va., Jun 16, and marched with the brigade, by the way of Leesburg, Poolesville, Knoxville, and Frederick, to Littlestown, Pa., where it arrived June 30. July 1. - The regiment, in connection with the other troops of the Twelfth Corps, marched about 4 miles on the Gettysburg turnpike to Two Taverns. Here the sound of cannonading first reached us. In the afternoon we were again moved forward 2 or 3 miles, and to the right of Gettysburg. Here we first took up position in a woods. Company F, First Lieutenant Carroll commanding, was sent out and deployed as skirmishers. They advanced through the woods into an open meadow, and to within about 300 yards of the crest of a hill which was occupied by the enemy`s cavalry. The line was here halted by order of the general commanding the Third Brigade, and remained in this position for about half an hour, when the brigade was moved to a new position some distance to the rear. Here the regiment was put in reserve of the first line, and formed in double column at half distance. The men lay on their arms throughout the night. July 2. - At daylight our position was slightly changed. Company B, Lieutenant George commanding, was sent forward, and skirmished for about half an hour with the enemy. Early in the morning the regiment, in connection with the other regiments of the brigade, moved forward on the Gettysburg turnpike about half a mile, and took up position on the right of it. The regiment was placed in reserve. About 6 p. m. we left our position to go to the support of the left wing, which had been heavily engaged during the afternoon. We had hardly reached this place when we were ordered to return to the right. The regiment moved back by the left flank. It was ordered to occupy the breastworks on the left of the Third Wisconsin Regiment. In order to do this it was necessary do cross an interval of

---------------

* But see revised statement, p. 184.

---------------

