
NEAR KELLY`S FORD, VA., August 13, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report, in pursuance of orders, that there were 294 enlisted men taken into action by this regiment July 3. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. COGSWELL,

Colonel Second Massachusetts Infantry.

Lieutenant Colonel H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twelfth Corps.

Numbers 289. Report of Lieut, Colonel John Grimes, Thirteenth New Jersey Infantry.

1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Thirteenth New Jersey Volunteers in the battle of Gettysburg, July 1, 2, and 3: Having passed through and encamped near Littlestown, Pa., in the afternoon of June 30, on the morning of July 1 we countermarched, again passing through Littlestown, and took the turnpike leading to Gettysburg, Pa. After marching to within about 3 miles of Gettysburg, we took a road leading to the right, which we followed about 1 1/2 miles, when the rest of the brigade deployed in a piece of woods, and our regiment was held as a reserve. Remaining in this position for about an hour, our regiment countermarched about a mile, and took a position supporting Battery M, First New York Artillery, during the night. July 2. - Moved out on the turnpike again, and in the direction of Gettysburg, to within 1 mile of that place, when we took a wood road leading to the right, on which we marched about half a mile, when we formed in double column and rested from 10a. m. until 6p. m., when we moved with our brigade to the extreme left, where we remained but a short time, when we were ordered to our old position, where we arrived at midnight, and, after changing position several times, we assisted in building breastworks, which formed the extreme right of our line, resting on Rock Creek, and which position flanked to some extent the enemy, who for the time occupied a portion of our works. At 4a. m. July 3, firing commenced by the enemy, and our regiment was immediately under arms, and was soon engaged with the enemy`s sharpshooters, and fighting the enemy as they fell back from the position they had held. We remained thus under fire for fourteen hours, when, at 6 p. m., we moved from the position on the extreme right farther up the line to a position formerly occupied by the First Brigade, where we remained until 7. 30 p. m., firing occasionally, when we moved out of the breastworks, and, with the One hundred and seventh New York Volunteers and the Fifth Connecticut Volunteers, the whole under command of Colonel Carman, moved in the direction of Littlestown. Marched 2 miles, then took a road leading to the left, and marched 2 miles to a large cavalry camp, where we bivouacked in a meadow at 11 p. m., and remained during the night. The foregoing report is taken from the diary of Captain Beardsley, and approved by Captain Harris, said officers being with the regi-

