
ment during the time. Colonel Carman at present being absent, sick, and as I was at that time absent from my regiment, occasioned by a wound received at Chancellorsville, from which I had not recovered, I am unable to give a more correct and minute report. *

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN GRIMES,

Lieutenant Colonel, Comdg. Thirteenth New Jersey Volunteers.

Colonel S. COLGROVE,

Comdg. Third Brig., First Div., Twelfth Corps.

Numbers 290 Reports of Colonel Nirom M. Crane,

One hundred and seventh New York Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS 107TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS, August 6, 1863.

SIR: Pursuant to orders, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part in the battle of Gettysburg by my regiment on July 1, 2, and 3: On the 1st ultimo, about the hour of 4 p. m., we arrived near the field where the First and Eleventh Corps were engaged, after a severe march. The brigade took position on the extreme right of the line of battle, about 1 mile from the turnpike. In pursuance to orders from General Ruger, I formed my regiment in double column about 150 yards in rear and in support of the Twenty-seventh Indiana. By order, I afterward deployed. I threw out Company E, Captain Bachman, as flankers, on the right, about 150 paces, to cover the right flank of my regiment. After advancing in the proper order about 500 or 600 yards in the woods, and no enemy being discovered (I suppose), was ordered to move to the rear, and then by the left in front about half a mile toward the turnpike, where my regiment was placed in rear, in support of Captain Best`s Fourth Regular Battery, placed on a slight eminence commanding an open field and woods in front. I then sent forward Company B, Lieutenant Swain commanding, as picket, and the regiment lay in line of battle all night. About daybreak of the 2nd ultimo, I moved with the brigade about 1 mile to the front on the pike, and took position, by your order, on the extreme right of the First Brigade, the Twenty-seventh Indiana, Second Massachusetts, and Third Wisconsin being across a small small farther on my right, the Thirteenth New Jersey being about 75 paces to my rear and in support. Here we were ordered to build breastworks, or rifle-pits, forming a line in connection with the Second Division, Twelfth Corps. About 7 p. m., the works being finished, I was ordered by you to move with the rest of the brigade to the pike. We moved thence and to the left and rear of the battle-field to the support of the left wing of the army, where a desperate fight was raging. While crossing to the left, we were subjected to some danger from the shots and shells of the enemy`s artillery, but no damage was done to my regiment.

---------------

* The number of enlisted men present at the battle of Gettysburg, Pa., July 1, 2, and 3, was 322.

---------------

