
On our arrival on the left, I received orders to form my regiment in double column, in support of the Second Massachusetts. I only remained in this position a short time, when we were ordered back to the old position of the day; the enemy having been driven back from this point, there was no need of our assistance. I received orders from General Ruger to take position in rear and in support of the Second Massachusetts, who were to take the position I had occupied in the afternoon in the rifle-pits. On our arrival near the wood (about 10p. m. and quite dark), the Second Massachusetts leading, Lieutenant-Colonel Mudge sent forward a small gual of skirmishers to reconnoiter the ground, having been informed the enemy were or had been in the breastworks. Very soon after his skirmishers had advanced into the woods they captured and brought out about 20 prisoners, and reported the enemy in the woods in some considerable force. The state of affairs was reported to you, and, after halting a few moments, I received orders to advance. The Second Massachusetts passed into the rifle-pits, and my regiment, by the flank, about 50, paces to their left and rear, into the woods. I halted when the battalion was about three-quarters its length into the bushes, and proceeded on foot forward alone to see the situation of the ground, c. I had proceeded about 20 rods when I found myself very near a regiment of the enemy, who were in line some distance to the left, and in or near the breastworks. Not being discovered by them, I hastily retired, and meeting the acting major of the Second Massachusetts, he informed me that his regiment was retiring. I at once moved my battalion out of the woods across the small, and reported the fact to you. I formed the regiment in double column, facing the woods, and let them lie down. Soon I received orders from General Ruger to report to him, and was ordered by him to move my command to the rear of the First Brigade, form in double column, hold that position, and await further orders. I did so, and remained until about daybreak July 3, when I received orders to report with the regiment near the wall, where I found General Ruger, and by his orders placed my regiment in the road to the left and in front of Captain Best`s battery, Fourth U. S. Artillery. The artillery soon commenced shelling the woods, and the Second Division became engaged on our left with the enemy in the woods. The First Maryland Regiment advanced just on my left to the woods in front, and very soon became engaged. They remained perhaps twenty minutes, when they fell back in some disorder, when General Ruger ordered me forward a short distance to a crest of the ground, with orders to hold that position as long as possible. In this position we lay down, the musket-balls occasionally passing over and around the regiment, but only one man was wounded in the leg, which I since learn had to be amputated. While here, the regiment was in considerable danger from premature bursting of the shells from our own batteries, which were firing over us, being some distance to the right and rear. I remained in this position until afternoon, when I received orders to advance into the wood and take position in rear and support of the Third Wisconsin, Colonel Hawley, who were occupying the breastworks I had occupied the afternoon of the 2d. I at once obeyed the order, and lay in this position some time, while the shot and shell from the enemy`s artillery were passing over and around us rather lively, but doing no damage to my command.

