
On the 15th, marched, by his order, to Fairfax Station, and on the 16th instant marched to Fairfax Court-House, Va., reporting to Brigadier-General Ruger, commanding brigade. I cannot speak too highly of the good conduct of the men of this detachment, both upon the march, in which there was no straggling, and in action, where there was no flinching. The officers without exception behaved nobly during the expedition. I beg leave to make honorable mention of the name of David Agnew, private Company H, Third Wisconsin Volunteers. While skirmishing in front of Colonel Devin`s cavalry, he advanced beyond our line, saved the life of a comrade, and captured a rebel who was in the act of firing. I deem it but just also to make honorable mention of John H. Burghardt, Second Massachusetts, who was in charge of the ordnance train of the detachment, for the prompt and faithful manner in which he performed all his duties.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN FLOOD,

Lieutenant-Colonel Third Wisconsin Volunteers.

Captain S. E. PITTMAN,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Division, Twelfth Corps.

Numbers 292. Report of Colonel William Hawley, Third Wisconsin Infantry.

CAMP NEAR KELLY`S FORD, VA.,

August 4, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor, very respectfully, to forward the following report of the part taken by my command, the Third Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers, in the battle at Gettysburg, Pa., July 2 and 3; On July 1, my command, included in the Third Brigade, First Division, Twelfth Corps, marched from Littlestown to near Gettysburg, and took supporting position on the right of and to the rear of our general line of battle. On the morning of the 2d, by your order, sir, I took the position at daylight in line of battle which you assigned me, and threw out a company of skirmishers, who kept up a desultory fire with the skirmishers of the enemy for about two hours, when, by your command, my regiment, with the rest of your command, was withdrawn from that position and marched to the front. The brigade under your command being assigned to the right of our line, I took position, by your order, along the east bank of Rock Creela between the Twenty-seventh Indiana and Second Massachusetts Regiments, and proceeded to throw up breastworks of earth and rails, and to throw down such stone walls and fences in my front as might afford cover to the enemy. My position thus strengthened, I rested behind my works until 6 p. m., when, by your order, I marched with the brigade to the left of our line, then the scene of action, and there took the assigned position in line of battle. Darkness coming on, I received orders from you, sir, to move out as we had marched in, and, following the regiment on my right flank, was marched back to the position which I had spent the day in fortifying, and there rested under arms. It then being ascertained that

