
the enemy had advanced over our breastworks and occupied a rocky, wooded hill on my left, thus enfilading my position and severing our line, by your order I took position perpendicular to my former line, so as to face the enemy`s advance in this position, and there lay under arms for the remainder of the night. At daybreak on the morning of the 3d, I was aroused by a volley from the enemy. By a slight movement of my regiment forward and to the right, I placed it in position, well covered by bushes, rocks, and a hastily erected breastwork ok rails, and, by your order, threw forward two companies as skirmishers, instructing them to keep well covered by the rocks and trees, which afforded them shelter from the very accurate fire of the enemy`s sharpshooters, who were posted on our right and front. Relieving these companies from time to time, I kept up a constant fire until about 11 a. m., when, a part of the rebels on my front having surrendered, I was ordered by you, sir, to advance. I moved forward by my left flank, so as to avoid an enfilading fire, advanced into the woods, found the enemy retreating, and pushed forward and reoccupied the breastworks erected on our line the day previous. Here I remained during the day and succeeding night, my men being engaged in a desultory fire with the enemy`s skirmishers and sharpshooters. Owing to the advantage of position which my command was so fortunate as to occupy during the engagement, the loss sustained was comparatively slight - 2 men killed and 1 commissioned officer and 8 men wounded, of which the official lists have heretofore been forwarded. The number of officers and enlisted men engaged in the battle was 21 officers and 239 enlisted men.

I have the honor, sir, to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM HAWLEY,

Colonel, Comdg. Third Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers.

Colonel S. COLGROVE,

Comdg. Third Brig., First Div., Twelfth Army Corps.

Numbers 293. Report of Brigadier General John W. Geary, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, TWELFTH ARMY CORPS,Near Catlett`s Station, Va.,

July 29, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the military operations of this division from June 28 until the 26th instant, including the engagement with the enemy near Gettysburg, Pa., on the 2nd and 3rd instant: On June 28, agreeably to orders, my command broke camp at 6. 30 a. m., near Knoxville, Md., which place it had reached the evening previous, and marched through Petersville and Jefferson to within a mile of Frederick, where it encamped at 2 p. m., having been impeded by the trains of various commands. At 4 o`clock on the following the march was resumed, and at 6 the camp of the Eleventh Corps was reached. We were here detained four hours, until that command was on the road and

