
to allow the Artillery Reserve to pass. Passing through Ceresville, Walkersville, and Woodsborough, we crossed Big Pipe Creek, and encamped at 7 p. m., having marched 21 miles. At 5 o`clock on the morning of the 30th, the division again moved, and marched through Taneytown and Littlestown, encamping near the latter place at noon. A half hour before reaching this place our cavalry had there a skirmish with that of the rebels. The command was hastened forward and dispositions at once made to receive the enemy, who, however, retired in the direction of Hanover. On July 1, we moved from camp at 5 a. m., and reached Two Taverns at 11 a. m., where we halted to await further orders. The distance marched from the 28th to this time was 52 miles. At Two Taverns I received orders to forward the command in the direction of Gettysburg, on the turnpike leading from Baltimore to that place, and, accordingly, at about 2 p. m. advanced rapidly on the road to the town. I received instructions from you while on the march to leave one brigade with a section of artillery in reserve, and with the balance of my command to report to Major-General Howard, whom I should have found at point some mile and a half east of the town, where an engagement with the right wing of the enemy`s forces was then in progress; but not finding General Howard, I reported to Major-General Hancock, commanding Second Corps, who informed me that the right could maintain itself, and the immediate need of a division on the left was imperative. By his direction, upon this threatening emergency, I took up a position on the extreme left of the line of battle, as the enemy was reported to be attempting to flank it, and cavalry were already skirmishing in front of that position. At 5 p. m. this movement was consummated, and my line extended at that time from about half a mile west of the Baltimore turnpike to the left of the First Army Corps, to a range of hills south and west of the town, which I occupied with two regiments of the First Brigade. These hills I regarded as of the utmost importance, since their possession by the enemy would give him an opportunity of enfilading our entire left wing and center with a fire which could not fail to dislodge us from our position. This line was held by the First and Third Brigades. The Second Brigade, with two pieces of Battery K, Fifth U. S. Artillery, pursuant to orders from Major-General Slocum, was detached during the march to take position in reserve in the immediate left of the turnpike, about 2 miles from Gettysburg. No attack was made upon me at either point, the speedy formation of the line on the left frustrating the enemy`s design, which would, if successful, have proved disastrous to the entire position. The command rested on their arms during the night. At 5 a. m. on the 2d, having been relieved by the Third Army Corps, in obedience to orders from Major-General Slocum, the division was placed on the right of the center of the main line of battle, east of the turnpike. General Williams` division, commanded by Brigadier-General Ruger, joined ours, forming the extreme right, and extending toward the Bonaughtown turnpike and at right angles to it. Here I had formed a double line of battle, fronting Rock Creek, and about 400 yards from it, along a rocky, thickly wooded ridge which sloped eastwardly to the creek. The Third Brigade (Greene`s) occupied our extreme left, joining the right of the First Corps on a steep, rocky mount, which was a continuation of Cemetery Hill. Our line was nearly at a right angle with that of the First

