
orchard near the turnpike. Immediately in front of the First Brigade was a narrow lane running from the turnpike to the stone wall previously mentioned. Along this lane Candy`s brigade was placed in double line of battle, and screened from the enemy`s observation by the woods. All these dispositions were made with the utmost silence and secrecy and within a few rods of the enemy`s lines. By your order, Lieutenant E. D. Muhlenberg, chief of artillery of the corps, reported with fourteen pieces of artillery. These were posted on a hill west of the turnpike and about 500 yards in rear of the entrenchments gained by the enemy, and I trained them so as to command the enemy`s position without injury to our own troops. To Knap`s (Pennsylvania) battery, which was in position on the hill near corps headquarters, I gave similar directions regarding their line of fire. At my request, General Williams, commanding corps, readily sent to my support Lockwood`s brigade, composed of the First Eastern Shore Maryland Regiment, Colonel Wallace, and the One hundred and fiftieth New York, Colonel Ketcham. This brigade I placed in position to support the artillery. Everything being thus in readiness, at 3. 30 a. m. (early dawn) a simultaneous attack was made by artillery and the infantry of the Second and Third Brigades. This attack was most furious, but was stubbornly met. Our artillery fire continued, by previous arrangement, for ten minutes. This tremendous assault at first staggered the enemy, by whom it was seemingly unexpected; but, rallying as my troops charged at the close of the artillery fire, Johnson`s division of Ewell`s corps, followed by Rodes`, and that supported by Early`s, each division massed in three lines, advanced, charging heavily upon our front and right, and yelling in their peculiar style. They were met at every point by the unswerving lines and deadly fire of my Second and Third Brigades, our men cheering loudly and yielding not an inch of ground. Line after line of the enemy broke under this steady fire, but the pressing masses from behind rushed forward to take their places. During this contest, Greene`s brigade was protected by his breastworks, while Kane`s fought without shelter, excepting such as might be afforded by inequalities of the ground. After a lapse of twenty minutes, I directed the artillery fire again to open, having myself sighted the pieces so as to bear directly upon the masses of the enemy in the woods. This artillery fire lasted about fifteen minutes. A part of it being directed to the valley of Rock Creek, where the enemy`s left rested, prevented them from flanking the troops of the First Division, which were engaging the enemy in front. This flank movement the enemy made repeated attempts to effect, but they were driven back by well-directed shells from our artillery. Meanwhile the musketry fire continued with unabated fierceness. At 5 a. m. the One hundred and forty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, of Candy`s brigade, was ordered to charge and carry the stone wall occupied by the enemy. This they did in handsome style, their firing causing heavy loss to the enemy, who then abandoned the entire line of the stone wall. At this time tho Fifth Ohio, on Candy`s left, was exposed to a severe enfilading fire from the enemy, but they held their position, punishing the enemy severely. At 5. 45 a. m. the Sixty-sixth Ohio was ordered to advance outside of Greene`s entrenchments and perpendicular to them, in order to harass the enemy by a raking fire. This they accomplished with great gallantry, driving the enemy and holding the ground until re-

