
of the soldier, both during the brief period (as per orders) they were actively engaged and while under heavy fire as they awaited the moment they might be called upon. Their casualties numbered in the aggregate 45, 11 enlisted men being killed. Their brave and efficient commander, Brigadier General Alexander Shaler, is entitled to the warmest eulogies for his readiness to participate in any measure to provide for the emergencies besetting us. Our troops, cheered by the arrival of supports, soon repulsed the fierce attack made upon them. The enemy wavered, but kept their ground by pushing forward fresh troops in heavy columns. At 10. 25 o`clock two brigades of Johnson`s division, having formed in column by regiments, charged upon our line on the right. They met the determined men of Kane`s little brigade, which, though only 650 strong, poured into them so continuous a fire that when within 70 paces their columns wavered and soon broke to the rear. The First Maryland Battalion (rebel) was in the advance, and their dead lay mingled with our own. This was the last charge. As they fell back, our troops rushed forward with wild cheers of victory, driving the rebels in confusion over the entrenchments, the ground being covered with their dead and wounded. Large numbers of them crawled under our breastworks and begged to be taken as prisoners. Among these were many of the celebrated Stonewall Brigade, who, when ordered for the last time to charge upon Greene`s breastworks, advanced until met by our terrible fire, and then, throwing down their arms, rushed in with white flags, handkerchiefs, and even pieces of paper, in preference to meeting again that fire which was certain destruction. As they threw themselves forward and crouched under our line of fire, they begged our men to spare them, and they were permitted to come into our lines. The commanding officer of a regiment raised the white flag, when Major [B. W.] Leigh, assistant adjutant-general of Johnson`s division, rode forward to order it down, and fell, pierced by a dozen balls, his body remaining in our possession. This final charge, made at 10. 30 a. m., which was so eminently successful to us, resulted in the rout of the enemy, terminating the attempt to turn our position and gain the Baltimore turnpike, which Ewell, it is represented by the rebel officers taken prisoners, had sworn to accomplish or to lose every man he had. With great gallantry our troops sustained for seven hours and a half a battle fraught with persistent and obstinate effort and unremitting fire of an intensity seldom prolonged beyond a limited period, and where desperation or dash is necessary to carry a point. To make distinctions among the regiments of my division would be unjust where all fought with such unanimity of courage and vigor. For the particular efforts of each I have the honor to refer you to the reports of the commanding officers, which I forward with this. The regiments of the brigades relieved each other alternately during the progress of the battle, those of the First [Brigade] being originally kept in reserve as support, and for that purpose being frequently called upon, and each time rallying to the front with enthusiasm. I cannot pass a better eulogium upon conduct of them all than to say they manifested the same unflinching gallantry which has distinguished them upon many battle-fields, and which has rightly won these veterans laurels of which they are justly proud and jealous. I also feel called upon and proud to mention that not an instance

