
At 1 o`clock on the afternoon of the 5th, pursuant to orders from corps headquarters, my command left its position near Gettysburg, marched to Littlestown, and encamped at 5. 30 p. m. We remained at this place until 4 o`clock on the morning of the 7th, when the line of march was resumed, and, passing through Taneytown, Middleburg, and Woodsborough, accomplishing a march of 29 miles, we encamped near Walkersville at 5. 45 p. m. On the 8th, we started at 5 a. m., and, marching through Frederick and over the Catoctin Range, halted for the night a half mile beyond Jefferson. At 5 a. m. on the following day, left camp. and proceeded through Crampton`s Pass and Burkittsville to Rohrersville, where we encamped at 11 a. m. At 5 a. m. on the 10th, left Rohrersville, passed through Keedysville, and reached Bakersville at 11 a. m. Cavalry pickets of the enemy retired upon our advance. We here formed in line of battle, with the First Division on the left and Second Corps on the right. Some light breastworks were thrown up and heavy pickets advanced. We bivouacked for the night in that position, and on the morning of the 11th advanced to Fair Play, formed line of battle, pursuant to orders from corps headquarters, and advanced skirmishers. Cavalry pickets of the enemy could be seen in our front. We remained in line all night. Early on July 12, advanced line of pickets to a more elevated ridge, resulting in some slight skirmishing, the rebel skirmishers falling back. During the night changed our position to the right, withdrawing our left to a ridge, forming a perfect line, joining the left of the First Division. On the 13th, we covered our entire front with extensive breast-works, with numerous traverses, and with flanks well protected. Picket firing at intervals all day. At 5 p. m. our pickets were ordered to advance until they met those of the enemy. They encountered them under cover of belts of woods about a quarter of a mile in our front, and lively skirmishing ensued, with, however, no casualties on our side. At dusk the original picket line was resumed. On the 14th, remained in entrenchments under arms, to support the First Division, which advanced to the front. Discovering from this movement that no opposition was immediately in front of us, I ordered our skirmishers (the Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania and Seventh Ohio Regiments) to reconnoiter toward Downsville. They discovered the enemy`s works at that place deserted, and returned with several prisoners. On the 15th, pursuant to orders, the division marched at 6 a. m., and encamped within 4 miles of Harper`s Ferry at 4 p. m., and, resuming the march early on the following morning, encamped in Pleasant Valley shortly after 7 a. m. The command had marched since leaving Gettysburg up to this point 101 miles, during which time they suffered much from the excessive heat of the weather. Remaining on the 17th and 18th in camp at Pleasant Valley, enabled the troops to receive much-needed supplies of clothing and to recruit their energies. On the 19th, at 5 a. m., marched through Harper`s Ferry, crossing

