
the Potomac and Shenandoah Rivers on pontoon bridges, and passed up Piney Run Valley to near Hillsborough. On the 20th, started at 6 a. m., and marched through Woodgrove to Snickersville, where we remained during the 21st and 22d, in conjunction with the First Division, to guard against any attempt of the enemy to force Snicker`s Gap. On the 23d, marched at 5 a. m. to Paris. The Second Brigade (Colonel Cobham) was ordered into Ashby`s Gap, to guard it, relieving a brigade of the Second Corps. At 4 p. m. the entire command was ordered to resume the march, and, taking the mountain road, passed through Scuffletown to near Markham Station, where we encountered the trains of the Second Corps. The day`s march was 23 miles. At 3 a. m. on the 24th, marched through Markham to Linden, which was reached at 8 a. m. Had marched 30 miles in the preceding twenty-seven hours. The command remained under arms until noon, when the march was resumed. We repassed Markham, and encamped at Piedmont, after a day`s march of 22 miles. On the 25th, marched at 4 a. m. through Rectortown and White Plains to Thoroughfare Gap, 16 miles. The roads were found in very bad condition and the weather was oppressively warm. On the 26th, marched at daylight by way of Greenwich and Catlett`s Station to near Warrenton Junction, 22 miles, and encamped. We remained at this point until the 31st, refitting the command. Since leaving Pleasant Valley we marched 103 miles, making a total of 204 miles from Gettysburg.

I have the honor, to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. W. GEARY,

Brigadier General U. S. Volunteers, Comdg. Division.

Lieutenant Colonel H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twelfth Army Corps.

Numbers 294. Reports of Colonel Charles Candy, Sixty-sixth Ohio Infantry, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., SECOND DIV., TWELFTH CORPS,Comp at Littlestown, Pa.,

July 6, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In compliance to circular dated headquarters Second Division, Twelfth Army Corps, near Littlestown, Pa., July 6, 1863, calling for an official report of the part taken by the several brigades of the division in the recent operations, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the First Brigade: June 28. -Left camp near Knoxville, Md., at 5 a. m. ; marched to near Frederick City, Md., distance 14 miles, and arrived in camp about 3 p. m. Sunday. June 29. - Left camp at 4. 30 a. m. ; marched to near Bruceville, Md., distance 22 miles, and arrived in camp at 7 p. m. same day. June 30. -Left camp at 6. 30 a. m. ; marched to near Littlestown, Pa. On the arrival of this division (Second) at Littlestown, this brigade was ordered to take a position in the woods on the right of the

