
town (Littlestown), in the direction of Hanover, and on the right of the road, and hold it at all hazards. The cavalry skirmishing with the enemy in the front, I immediately moved with the brigade to the point designated, formed in column by two battalion front, threw forward skirmishers, and picketed to my front and right. Remained over night. On the morning of July 1, received orders to join the division, and proceeded with the other brigades in the direction of Two Taverns. Arrived at the Two Taverns; remained there for an hour or two, and marched in the direction of Gettysburg, Pa. Arrived in the vicinity of the latter place, and ordered to form line in the rear of the Third Brigade, and then double column on the center. Moved to the front and left of the hills surrounding Gettysburg, and halted for the night, the command bivouacking. Near about dark was ordered to throw forward two regiments to the left, and occupy a high range of hills overlooking the surrounding country, and watch for any attempted advance of the enemy on the left of the army. This order was executed, and the Fifth Ohio and One hundred and forty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers occupied the above position during the night of July l. On the morning of the 2d, the brigade was ordered to the front and to take position with the rest of the Second Division on the left of the First Division. Twelfth Corps, and right of the First Corps. The brigade took position on the right of the Third Brigade, Second Division, Twelfth Army Corps. After taking position, it was ordered to form line in rear of the Third Brigade, and double column on the center. A regiment of this brigade, the Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, was ordered to the front as a support to the skirmishers of the Third Brigade, under the command of Lieutenant Colonel O. J. Crane, Seventh Ohio Volunteers, he having been assigned to this duty. The brigade remained in this position until about 7 p. m. the 2nd instant, when the brigade was ordered to the right, for the purpose of supporting a corps, supposed to be General Hancock`s. Arrived on the east bank of Rock Creek, and halted, with instructions to picket well the banks (east) of the creek and hold the position. Remained in position until about 12p. m. ; ordered up to the former position on the right of the First Corps, and for the purpose of supporting the Third Brigade, Second Division, Twelfth Army Corps, which had been engaged, and to retake the entrenchments lately occupied by the First Division, Twelfth Army Corps, but then occupied by the enemy. Received instructions from General Geary, commanding Second Division, to form a line in rear of the right of the Third Brigade, and a line also perpendicular to the pike leading to Gettysburg and to the enemy in the First Division entrenchments. This was promptly executed. Remained in the latter position until 3. 45 a. m. [July 3], when the enemy were opened upon by a battery placed for the purpose of shelling them. After several rounds, the One hundred and forty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers were ordered forward, and occupied a stone fence in front of the enemy, and by their fire caused considerable casualties and hovoc among them (the enemy). The remainder of the brigade, consisting of the Fifth, Seventh, and Sixty-sixth Ohio and Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, was posted in rear of the Third Brigade for its support. The Fifth Ohio Volunteers, being

