
on the extreme right of my line, were exposed to a harassing and heavy enfilading fire from the enemy. They returned it promptly, and held their position for seven hours, causing great execution and punishing the enemy severely. The remainder of the regiments were engaged in relieving the regiments of the Second and Third Brigades in the trenches. The Sixty-sixth Ohio Volunteers were ordered to advance outside of the entrenchments and perpendicular to them, and harass the enemy by an enfilading fire in front of the entrenchments. This order was promptly and gallantly executed. This regiment was consider-ably annoyed by the enemy`s sharpshooters, but they held their ground until recalled about 11 a. m., causing considerable execution among the enemy. The officers and men of the regiments composing this brigade sustained their usual gallantry and bravery in front of the enemy. Subjected to repeated charges on their works, they held their ground under a galling fire for over seven hours, cheerfully obeying every order with promptness and punctuality. About 9. 30 p. m., when about to be relieved by the Third Brigade, the enemy opened a heavy fire, which was silenced in a few moments. The remainder of the night passed off quietly, excepting occasional shots from sharpshooters. On the morning of the 4th, at daybreak, it was found that the enemy had left our front, leaving their dead and guide a number of their wounded in our possession, also in the neighborhood of 1, 500 stand of arms, mostly Enfield rifles. The Seventh Ohio Volunteers captured a State flag of Virginia belonging to the Fourteenth Regiment from that State, which was duly forwarded to your headquarters, as per existing orders. During the day of the 4th, our men were engaged in burying our own dead, [the number of] which, I am happy to say, is small, considering the number left by the enemy. Owing to the scarcity of tools, few of the enemy`s dead were buried until the morning of the 5th, when the pioneer corps of this brigade, assisted by a detail of over 100 men, buried quite a number. Marching orders for this point having been received July 5, the details were compelled to leave quite a number unburied. Accompanying this report you will receive detailed reports from regimental commanders. I cannot close this report without mentioning the members of my staff for their gallantry and bravery in conveying messages and orders to the trenches under the heavy fire to which the troops were exposed, viz, First Lieutenant A. H. W. Creigh, One hundred and forty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain W. M. Gwynne, Sixty-sixth Ohio Volunteers, acting assistant inspector-general; Lieutenant C. W. Kellogg, Twenty-ninth Ohio Volunteers, and Lieutenant J. W. Hitt, Sixty-sixth Ohio Volunteers, aidesde-camp.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. CANDY,

Colonel Sixty-sixth Ohio Volunteer, Comdg. Brigade.

Captain THOMAS H. ELLIOTT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Div., Twelfth Army Corps.

