
July 26. - Left camp at 5 a. m. and marched to near Warrenton Junction. Arrived about 9 p. m. ; distance, 23 miles.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. CANDY,

Colonel Sixty-sixth Ohio Volunteers, Comdg. Brigade. Captain

THOMAS H. ELLIOTT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Div., Twelfth Army Corps.

Numbers 295. Report of Colonel John H. Patrick, Fifth Ohio Infantry.

GETTYSBURG BATTLE-FIELD,

July 4, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: In pursuance to orders from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Fifth Ohio Volunteers in the action near Gettysburg: We commenced operations by an order to proceed to the extreme left of our line, and occupied a hill covered with trees. The One hundred and forty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers was also placed under my command, to extend and increase the front of our position. We deployed as skirmishers in our front across an open valley to a light strip of woods, and in front of that timber facing an open field, for the purpose of guarding against a flank movement of the enemy. We remained there until the following morning, when we received orders at 5 o`clock to return to the brigade. We advanced to the right of our line; halted, formed double column closed en masse, stacked arms, and remained until evening, when we were ordered to a position on our right flank, for the purpose of holding the enemy in check, for they had advanced on our right. We remained there about two hours, when we were ordered to return and take position. The men rested on their arms until daylight, when we were replaced, by an order from Colonel Charles Candy, commanding brigade, farther forward, in order that we might have a better view of the enemy and be well protected from his fire. The first firing commenced about 3. 50 a. m., and continued until 11 a. m. without intermission. As the fight progressed and the forces took position, it became obvious to me that a line of skirmishers should be thrown forward on our flank and behind a stone wall, which would enable us to give the enemy a cross-fire. I immediately ordered Company F, of our regiment, in command of Lieutenant Brinkman (a brave and gallant officer, who fell during the action), to advance with his company as skirmishers, having the stone wall for a protection. I instructed him to fret the enemy as much as possible, for the purpose of drawing him from his entrenchments. The result was most satisfactory, the skirmishers annoying the enemy so much that they were compelled to make a charge on our skirmishers, and either capture or drive them, neither of which was accomplished. As soon as they were fully uncovered, they received volley after volley, until they were forced to retire. The same effort was made a second time, and with the same result. To the above strategy I attribute a large share of our success, for

