
the rebels were driven back with terrific slaughter after the second repulse, and retreated from the breastworks. Very soon after this last repulse, we occupied the entrenchments. During the rest of that day and the night following, they annoyed us considerably with their sharpshooters. Some of them had air-rifles, and we could not discover their whereabouts. At night the flashes of the regular rifles can be seen, but there is no warning from the air-rifle. The enemy retreated from our front some time in the forepart of the night.

Respectfully submitted.

J. H. PATRICK,

Colonel Fifth Ohio.

Lieutenant A. H. W. CREIGH,

A. A. A. G., First Brig., Second Div., Twelfth Corps.

Numbers 296. Report of Colonel William R. Creighton, Seventh Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. SEVENTH REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,July 6, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Seventh Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry in the engagement of July 2 and 3, near Gettysburg, Pa.: On Thursday morning, July 2, we were encamped on the left side of the Gettysburg and Littlestown pike. At 6 a. m. we received marching orders, and at 6. 30 moved out in line, changing our position to the right of the turnpike, forming our line of battle in the woods bordering on the hill at the right of the road. In obedience to your order, I sent forward Company H, under command of Captain Samuel McLelland, to pick our front. They were posted along the stream which runs through the hollow at our left, and remained there until 6 p. m., when they rejoined my regiment. At this time the "fallin" was sounded, and my regiment, in company with the remainder of the brigade, moved by the right flank to the right and rear of the position which we had held during the former part of the day. I formed my regiment in the open field in the rear of a stone wall at the left and near the turnpike. At this place I allowed my men to sleep, having their arms and accouterments in perfect readiness to fall in at any moment. My regiment had not during any part of the day been exposed to the fire of musketry, but for some time in the afternoon we were exposed to quite a heavy fire of artillery, although not suffering any serious loss from it. At 11. 30 p. m. July 2, I was ordered to form my command. It was then moved under your directions out on to the pike, and advancing toward Gettysburg, but turned from the pike to our right at the same place which we had in the morning when first advancing. My line was formed in the hollow, at the right and rear of General Greene`s brigade. At this place we received a volley of musketry from the enemy`s guns, wounding 1 man from Company I. In a few moments we were ordered to move by the right flank back to the open field, forming our line in the rear of a stone wall which runs parallel with the road leading to the pike. In a few moments, by order of General Geary, I moved my command over the wall into the road, throwing out to the front 20 men, under charge of Sergeant [Isaac] Stratton,

