
to act as skirmishers. At this place Sergeant Stratton received a severe if not a mortal wound. Soon after daylight on the morning of the 3d, in compliance with your order, I drew in my skirmishers, and in a few moments moved my regiment by the left flank back near the position which we had occupied the morning previous. When in the edge of the woods, I formed my command in line of battle, and, in compliance with orders, I advanced forward double-quick, and relieved the Sixtieth New York Volunteers. My regiment remained at the entrenchments until near 8 o`clock, when it was relieved by the Sixtieth New York Volunteers. When relieved, I formed my regiment in the hollow at the rear of the breast-works, remaining until 9, 30 a. m., when I was again ordered forward to relieve a regiment. I was not again relieved until 9. 30 p. m., having been under fire of musketry most of the day. When relieved, I again formed my line in the hollow, and remained there until l. 30 a. m. on the morning of July 4, when my command was again ordered forward to the entrenchments, which position I held until the brigade moved out on the pike, preparatory to our return to Littlestown. About 11 a. m. July 3, I observed a white flag thrown out from the rocks in front of our entrenchments. I immediately ordered my men to cease firing, when 78 of the enemy advanced and surrendered, including 3 captains, 2 first lieutenants, and 2 second lieutenants. At the time the white flag was raised, a mounted rebel officer (Major Leigh, assistant adjutant-general to General Ewell [Edward Johnson]), was seen to come forward and endeavor to stop the surrender, when he was fired upon by my men and instantly killed. Early in the morning of July 4, Corpl. John Pollock, Company H, of my regiment, advanced over the entrenchments, and captured the rebel flag belonging to the Fourteenth Virginia Regiment, which, in compliance with orders received, was delivered to your headquarters. I went into action with 265 enlisted men and came out with 247, losing 1 killed and 17 wounded, In conclusion, I feel it my duty to mention the officers and men under my command, but when each every one advanced forward to the contest without any exception whatever, I will merely say that every officer and man performed his duty manfully, every order being obeyed promptly. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. CREIGHTON,

Colonel Seventh Ohio.

Lieutenant A. H. W. CREIGH,

A. A. A. G., First Brig., Second Div., Twelfth Corps.

Numbers 297. Report of Captain Wilbur F. Stevens, Twenty-ninth Ohio Infantry.

IN THE RIFLE-PITS, NEAR GETTYSBURG, PA.,

July 4, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with circular from headquarters First Brigade, Second Division, Twelfth Corps, I have the honor to forward the

