
following report of the part taken by this regiment (Twenty-ninth Ohio Volunteer Infantry) in the action of July 2 and 3, near Gettysburg, Pa.: On the morning of the 2d, at 5. 30 a. m., we were ordered from our camp, in the wheat-field on the left of the road approaching Gettysburg, to the road, down which we moved with balance of the brigade to rear of the front of our line; from there we moved to the right of our line. Shortly after, about 8 a. m., we moved to the left in the hollow in rear of the entrenchments occupied by our troops, where we formed in close column of divisions, doubled on the center, as a support to those of our forces in the entrenchments to our front, and remained there during the day until about 7. 30 p. m., when we moved with the rest of our brigade to the right and rear to near the road leading to the pike. We then formed line of battle, and threw out pickets to our front, remaining there until about 2 o`clock on the morning of July 3, when we with our brigade were ordered back to our position in rear of the entrenchments on the right of our line, as a support to General Greene`s brigade (Third Brigade, Second Division, Twelfth Corps), then in the entrenchments. The firing commenced about 3. 45 o`clock on the morning of the 3rd instant. We remained as a support to the troops in our front until about 5. 45 o`clock, and about fifteen minutes before receiving the order to move forward to the entrenchments, I was struck in the neck with a spent ball, causing very severe pain and giddiness, from which cause I turned the command of the regiment over to Captain E. Hayes, of this regiment, having received permission of Colonel Charles Candy, commanding brigade, to go to the rear. I returned to the regiment (it being then in the entrenchments) about 12 m. of the 3rd instant, but not feeling able to resume command, Captain Hayes kept command until about 4. 30 p. m. of the same day. Captain Hayes` report while he was in command is herewith inclosed. I resumed command at 4. 30 p. m. There was no heavy firing during the balance of the afternoon or evening until just as we were being relieved, when the enemy opened a heavy fire on our right, and moved forward with the intention of storming our position. My command immediately resumed their places in the entrenchments with the One hundred and thirty-seventh Regiment New York Volunteers, who had come forward to relieve us (time, 10 p. m.). We remained until the enemy were forced back, when I brought my command back to the rear in the hollow for rest and rations, as the men had had nothing to eat since the morning of July 2. We remained here until 1 a. m. on the morning of July 4, when we were again ordered forward to relieve the One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Volunteers, then in the entrenchments, where we remained until the morning of July 5. I would refer you to Captain Hayes` report for instances of bravery and good conduct, as he had command during the hardest of the action. Both officers and men did their duty well.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILBUR F. STEVENS,

Captain, Comdg. Twenty-ninth Regiment Ohio Vol. Infantry.

Lieutenant A. H. W. CREIGH,

A. A. A. G., First Brig., Second Div., Twelfth Corps.

