
was very little fighting from this time until 1 p. m., when the enemy again showed themselves in some force, and the fight was pretty general until nearly 3 p. m., when it again slackened. At 4. 30 p. m. I turned the command over to Captain Stevens. You request me to mention any instance of bravery and good conduct that came under my notice. It is hardly possible to do so where all were alike brave. I was frequently along the line during the action, and I know that every man did his duty. Every order was promptly obeyed, and I cannot close my report without mentioning Captains Schoonover, Wright, Baldwin, and Lieutenants Hulbert, Dice, Wilson, Woodbury, Storer, Russell, Grant, Crane, Fulkerson, and Nash. They all did well, and obeyed every order promptly that was given. Lieutenant and Adjt. James B. Storer rendered me important assistance in maneuvering the regiment. In Lieutenants Hayward and Marsh the regiment loses two valuable officers. Prompt, cool, brave, and efficient, their loss will long be regretted by the officers and men with whom they were associated. For an account of the other casualties in the regiment, I respectfully refer you to the accompanying official list. *

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD HAYES,

Captain, Comdg. Twenty-ninth Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Lieutenant A. H. W. GREIGH,

A. A. A. G., First Brig., Second. Div., Twelfth Corps.

Numbers 299. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Eugene Powell, Sixty-sixth Ohio Infantry.

BATTLE-FIELD, Gettysburg, Pa., July 4, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with circular dated headquarters First Brigade, Second Division, Twelfth Army Corps, of this date, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Sixty-sixth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry in the engagement on the 3rd instant: Early on the morning of July 3, under orders from Colonel Charles Candy, commanding First Brigade, Second Division, Twelfth Army Corps, I crossed with my regiment to the entrenchments in front of the First Corps, for the purpose of giving the enemy an enfilading fire. With my left resting on the entrenchments and the right down the hill, we poured in a murderous fire on the enemy`s flank. Alter a short time I found that the enemy had posted sharpshooters at the foot of the hill, behind a fence, who were annoying us very much. I ordered my regiment to take up a sheltered position behind trees and stones, and direct their fire on the sharpshooters, whom we soon dislodged. I then received orders to recross the entrenchments and relieve the One hundred and fiftieth New York Regiment, where we remained until relieved at 9 p. m. The officers and men all behaved well while under fire, and sustained the reputation won on former fields. It also becomes my painful duty of reporting to you that Major J. G. Palmer fell, mortally wounded, while cheering on the men in our advance across the entrenchments.

---------------

* Embodied in revised statement. p. 185.

