
The regiment lost 3 commissioned officers wounded, 14 enlisted men wounded, and 1 killed.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

E. POWELL,

Lieutenant Colonel Sixty-sixth Regiment Ohio Vols., Comdg. Regiment

Lieut A. H. W. CREIGH,

A. A. A. G., First Brig., Second Div., Twelfth Corps.

Numbers 300. Report of Captain John Flynn, Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry.

GETTYSBURG, PA., July 4, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Twenty-eighth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers in the action of July 2 and 3, near Gettysburg, Pa.: Agreeably to orders received from brigade headquarters, on the morning of the 2d, the regiment was thrown to the front along the stream near the right of the line of battle, and remained in that position during the day, supporting the line of skirmishers of General Greene`s brigade. Some skirmishing with the enemy, in which 3 men were lost to the command. Retired at dark with the brigade, and formed line about 1 mile in the rear. Remained in that position until 12. 30 a. m. July 3, when the regiment moved forward to retake the position left the morning before. Took position in the breastworks, relieving the Twenty-ninth Ohio Volunteers. Were under heavy fire while there, and lost during the engagement 3 killed and 22 wounded and missing. Were relieved, and rested in rear of the brigade until nearly 4 p. m., when we were again ordered into the breastworks, and remained there until 10 p. m. Again relieved, and again ordered at 2 a. m. to relieve the Sixtieth and Seventy-eighth New York Volunteers, still remaining there. I take pleasure in stating that officers and men, without exceptions, exhibited the greatest coolness and bravery, and I would consider it injustice to the command did I attempt to single out individual cases of bravery, as all performed well their part.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN FLYNN,

Captain, Comdg. Twenty-eighth Regiment Pennsylvania Vols.

Lieutenant A. H. W. CREIGH,

A. A. A. G., First Brig., Second Div., Twelfth Corps.

Numbers 301. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Ario Pardee, jr., One hundred and forty-seventh Pennsylvania Infantry.

NEAR GETTYSBURG, PA., July 4, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with circular of this day, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the One hundred

