
and Forty-seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers in the actions of July 2 and 3: My regiment was relieved from picket duty early on the morning of the 2d, and marched with the brigade to the position on the right of the line occupied by the First Army Corps. In this position we remained until evening, when we marched with the brigade to a position near and east of the turnpike from Gettysburg to Baltimore. On the morning of the 3d, we marched to a point near the line of the previous day and toward the right of the line of the brigade, having on our right the Seventh Regiment Ohio Volunteers and on our left the Fifth Regiment Ohio Volunteers. Soon after the line was formed, I was ordered by General Geary, commanding division, to move forward with my regiment to a point which commanded the right of the line of entrenchments, and from which a view could be had of the movements of the enemy. My regiment, soon after reaching its assigned position, became engaged with the skirmishers of the enemy, who were soon driven from their position. Skirmishers were sent to the front and right flank, into the woods, from which they greatly harassed the enemy. At about 8 a. m. an attempt was made by the enemy to turn the right of the line of the entrenchments. They boldly advanced to within about 100 yards without discovering my regiment. I then ordered the regiment to fire, and broke their line. They reformed again as a body and advanced. Their advance was checked by the heavy fire they received, when they broke and ran. I would have charged them, but had no support, and would not have been able to have held their position against the column in their rear. I have the honor to report that I held the position assigned me until late in the afternoon, when I was ordered to report to General Wadsworth, of the First Corps. My loss has been, I am happy to say, slight, when my exposed position is taken into consideration. The casualties are, 1 commissioned officer (Lieutenant William H. Tourison, Company E) killed, 4 enlisted men killed, and 16 wounded. A list of the casualties has already been furnished you.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

ARIO PARDEE, JR.,

Lieutenant Colonel 147th Regiment Pennsylvania Vols., Comdg.

Lieutenant A. H. W. CREIGH, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

Numbers 302. Report of Brigadier General Thomas L. Kane, U. S. Army, commanding Second

Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., SECOND DIV., TWELFTH CORPS,Near Littlestown, Pa., July 6, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I respectfully inclose two of the special reports ordered of the commanders of regiments of my brigade. The report of the One hundred and eleventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers has not yet been received. I assumed command at 6 a. m. on the morning of the 2nd instant, communication with the army having been cut off so completely by

