
but in a few minutes General Kane sent me an order by one of his aides (Lieutenant Leiper) to resume the command of the brigade. I reported to the general, when he repeated the order to me. I accordingly turned over the command of my regiment to Lieutenant-Colonel Walker, and resumed the command, General Kane being too much prostrated to continue it. However, he gallantly remained on the field, although too feeble to resume the arduous duties of his post. Orders were then received to move forward into line with the rest of the division. An excellent position was chosen for us by General Geary, connecting on the left with the Third Brigade, on a heavy wooded hill, where we threw up a breastwork of logs, stone, and earth, running at right angles to those of the Third Brigade. The position was a strong one, and admirably located to command the approaches by Rock Creek. Here we remained till evening, when we were ordered to the support of the Third Corps; but before marching a mile this order was countermanded, and I was directed to return to our former position. On the head of the column entering the woods, they were fired upon from behind a stone wall in the rear of our breastworks, which the enemy had taken possession of during our absence. Not being certain whether the fire came from the enemy or our own division (it being dark), I withdrew the brigade to the pike, and marched farther up the road, and entering the wood in the rear of the Third Brigade, took a position in line nearly at a right angle with our breastworks, sheltered in a great part of the line by a ledge of rocks, and connecting on the left with the Third Brigade, thus partially enfilading the enemy`s position. The One hundred and forty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, of the First Brigade, which arrived soon after, took position on our right, which position they resolutely held during the heavy attack morning. At 3 o`clock next morning, July 3, the enemy`s skirmishers commenced firing on us, and by 4 o`clock the firing had become general along the whole line on both sides. The regiments of the brigade relieved one another, one at a time, long enough to replenish their supply of ammunition and wipe out their rifles. The firing was kept up briskly on both sides with but little intermission till about 10 a. m., when a desperate charge was made on our lines. The enemy advanced in column closed in mass, determined to make one last desperate effort to drive us back at the point of the bayonet. They were, however, driven back with heavy loss, and retired in confusion, retiring beyond the line of breastworks. The brigade was now relieved for a short time by a brigade of the Sixth Army Corps. About 2 p. m. the brigade again took possession of the breastworks, relieving the other brigade (Shaler`s). Occasional firing was kept up during the night, and by daylight the enemy withdrew from the front of our lines. The Twenty-ninth, One hundred and ninth, and One hundred and eleventh Regiments Pennsylvania Volunteers are deserving of much praise for their courage and good conduct during the severe fire to which they were exposed. Colonel Rickards, Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers. Lieutenant-Colonel Walker, One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Captain Gimber, One hundred and ninth, who commanded the regiment, also deserve special mention for their gallant conduct on this occasion. Our loss was 23 killed, 66 wounded, and 9 missing.

54 R R-VOL XXVII, PT I

