HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 8, 1863-3 p. m. (Received 3. 20 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

My information as to the crossing of the enemy does not agree with that just received in your dispatch. His whole force is in position between Funkstown and Williamsport. I have just received information that he has driven my cavalry force in front of Boonsborough. My army is and has been making forced marches, short of rations, and barefooted. One corps marched yesterday and last night over 30 miles. I take occasion to repeat that I will use my utmost efforts to push forward this army.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 8, 1863.

Major-General MEADE,

Army of the Potomac:

Do not understand me as expressing any dissatisfaction; on the contrary, your army has done most nobly. I only wish to give you opinions formed from information received here. It is telegraphed from near Harper's Ferry that the enemy have been crossing for the last two days. It is also reported that they have a bridge across. If Lee's army is so divided by the river, the importance of attacking the part on this side is incalculable. Such an opportunity may never occur again. If, on the contrary, he has massed his whole force on the Antietam, time must be taken to also concentrate your forces. Your opportunities for information are better than mine. General Kelley was ordered some days ago to concentrate at Hancock and attack the enemy's right. General Brooks is also moving from Pittsburgh to re-enforce Kelley. All troops arriving from New York and Fort Monroe are sent directly to Harper's Ferry, unless your order differently. You will have forces sufficient to render your victory certain. My only fear now is that the enemy may escape by crossing the river.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 8, 1863.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, Washington:

GENERAL: I have the honor herewith to transmit thirty-one battle-flags, captured from the enemy in the recent battle at Gettysburg. Several other flags were captured on that occasion, but those sent embrace all thus far sent in by corps commanders. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

General Barksdale's sword was given in my charge to bring with the above flags.

ED. SCHRIVER.

