
On the 4th, the brigade remained on the battle-field; burial parties were sent out with every available pick and shovel to bury the dead. Our own, as well as a large number of the enemy, were buried, but a very large number of the rebel dead were left unburied on the field. On the 5th, left the battle-field, and marched to Littlestown, 10 miles.

July 7. - Left camp, and, marching through Bruceville, Pipeville, Woodsborough, and Walkersville, encamped for the night; distance 26 miles.

July 8. - Started at 4. 30 a. m. ; marched through Frederick and Jefferson; distance, 18 miles.

July 9. - Broke camp at 5 a. m. ; marched to Burkittsville; crossed the Blue Ridge at Crampton`s Gap; encamped at Rohrersville; distance, 9 miles.

July 10. - Started at 5 a. m. ; marched through Keedysville, and took up position in line on the right of the First Brigade, near the edge of a piece of woods.

July 11. - Advanced about 3 1/2 miles; took position on the left of the line of battle; threw out skirmishers in front and on the left flank.

July 12. - Changed position about 1 mile to the right.

July 13. - About 1 a. m. again changed position half a mile to the right, on a rise of ground near Saint James` College and Marsh Run. Here an excellent and substantial breastwork of rails and earth was constructed under the personal direction and supervision of the general commanding the division.

July 14. - The brigade remained in the entrenchments ready to support the troops that advanced on the enemy`s position at 5 a. m. of this day.

July 15. - Left entrenchments about 7 a. m. ; marched, through Sharpsburg and past Antietam Iron Works, and encamped near the foot of Maryland Heights, having marched 17 miles.

July 16. - Left camp at 5 a. m. and marched by way of Harper`s Ferry to Pleasant Valley, where we encamped, and remained until the 19th, to obtain necessary clothing and equipage for the troops; distance, 9 miles.

July 19. - Broke camp at 4 a. m. ; crossed the Potomac and Shenandoah at Harper`s Ferry, and marched up Loudoun Valley to near Hillsborough, Va. ; distance, 15 miles.

July 20. - Left at 4. 30 a. m. ; marched through Woodgrove, and Slabtown, and encamped near Snicker`s Gap, remaining until the 23d; distance, about 10 miles.

July 23. - Broke camp at 5 a. m., marching through Snickersville to Upperville and Paris, relieving a brigade of the Second Army Corps stationed in Ashby`s Gap; left at 3. 30 p. m., and, marching through Milltown and Forestville, encamped for the night near Manassas Gap; distance marched, 23 miles.

July 24. - Marched through Manassas Gap to near Front Royal, and returned and encamped for the night near Piedmont; distance, 18 miles.

July 25. - Left camp at 5. 30 a. m. and marched through White Plains to near Thoroughfare Gap, and encamped for the night; distance, 16 miles.

July 26. - Marched at 5 a. m. through Thoroughfare Gap, Hay

