
Both officers and men did their duty. Our conduct we prefer others to speak and judge of rather than ourselves. Our loss was small, owing to our strong defensive position. Enlisted men killed, 3; wounded, 6, and missing, 10; total, 19. * Of those missing some have turned up, reducing the loss fully one-third. Twice during the engagement our color-bearers were shot down, killing 1 instantly and wounding the other. We took into action 142 enlisted men and 1 staff and 6 line officers, including myself; total, 149.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FREDERICK L. GIMBER,

Captain, Comdg. One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Vols.

Lieutenant THOMAS J. LEIPER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 306. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas M. Walker, One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Infantry.

LITTLESTOWN, PA.,

July 6, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part taken by the One hundred and eleventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers in the action of July 3, on the heights before Gettysburg. The regiment in connection with the brigade was moved into line of battle on the right of the Baltimore pike during the forenoon of the 2nd instant, the One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers on our left, and connections with the First Division on the right. We at once began building a rifle-pit of logs and stone, which was finished in about three hours. We were undisturbed behind this, and remained until a little before dark, when we were ordered to move to the rear and abandon our works. After marching about a mile to the rear, we were again conducted up the Baltimore pike to occupy, we halted, and then moved with caution, endeavoring to get back to the trenches. At about 11 o'clock, having got into the rear of General Greene's brigade, which still occupied their rifle-pits, I was ordered to place my men in the trenches, and proceeded to do so, under the supposition that there was no enemy in our vicinity. Two companies on the left, which were marching in front, had been placed in position, when we received a volley from the hill, not over 6 rods from our flank and rear. I immediately placed the remaining companies in line perpendicular to the works and facing the direction of the fire we had received, sent out scouts, and ascertained positively that the hill and works on the right were occupied by the rebels, and reported to Colonel Cobham. I was ordered again by Colonel Cobham to place my men in the rifle-pits, but, protesting that my regiment would then rest so as to be enfiladed by the line of the enemy, he permitted me to retain the position I had selected. We remained in this position watching the enemy until 3 a. m.,

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 184.

---------------

