
when it was determined the line should be changed a very little to the rear, so as to get the advantage of a wing of General Greene's trenches. I was endeavoring to move my regiment, a man at a time, with the utmost caution, when our watchful enemy detected a move, and, supposing we were about to retire, opened fire upon up. My men returned the fire, silencing theirs, and then moved to the position assigned them, awaiting daylight for the work to begin. Picket firing began with the first streak of light, and about 3. 45 o'clock the line of the enemy advanced with a yell. We opened fire briskly, quickly compelling them to take the shelter of the rocks and of our own trenches that were in their possession. We continued fighting in this way until 5. 55 o'clock, when we were relieved by the Twenty-ninth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, for the purpose of renewing our ammunition. After filling our boxes and wiping our guns, we returned to the same position, and continued the fight until we had again exhausted our ammunition, and were in turn relieved by the Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers. Soon after this, about 1 o'clock, the enemy retired, giving up the contest. In this fight, about half of my regiment was in open line, fighting a desperate enemy behind the very rifle-pits they had build for their own protection. I am proud to say they fought feeling they were Pennsylvanians in Pennsylvania. We expended 160 rounds to the man. I wish to mention as deserving praise for great bravery and coolness, Captains Woeltge, Thomas, and Warner; also that Sergeants [Henry] Dieffenbach, [George] Selkregg, [Andrew W.] Tracy, [Andrew J.] Bemis, [John L.] Wells, and [Mills F.] Allison, and Privates John Hughes and Orrin Sweet deserve mention. We lost in this contest 5 men killed and 16 wounded, lists of which have been forwarded.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. M. WALKER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. 111th Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Lieutenant THOMAS J. LEIPER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 307. Reports of Brigadier General George S. Greene, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIG., SECOND DIV., TWELFTH CORPS,Camp near Fair Play, Md.,

July 12, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report to the general commanding the operations of the Third Brigade, Second Division, Twelfth Army Corps, under my command, on July 1, 2, and 3, at the battle of Gettysburg. Arriving from Littlestown on the field of battle, we were posted with the division on the left, on the right of the division, about half a mile to the right of Sugar Loaf Mountain, in front of the Taneytown road. There were no incidents to note on this day. On the 2d, we took position at about 6 a. m. on the right of the First Corps, on the crest of the steep and rocky hill, being thrown

