
time in active command of his regiment. During most of the time the regiment was gallantly commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Randall, who was severely wounded in the morning of the 3d. The officers and men behaved admirably during the whole of the contest. Colonel Ireland was attacked on his flank and rear. He changed his position and maintained his ground with skill and gallantry, his regiment suffering very severely. Where all so well did their duty it is difficult to specially commend any individual, but all have my hearty commendations for their gallant conduct and for the good service rendered their country. To my own staff-Captain C. P. Horton, assistant adjutant-general; Captain A. B. Shipman, who, though suffering from disease, was able to be on the field part of the time, and to my aides, Lieutenant C. T. Greene, Sixtieth New York Volunteers, and Lieutenant J. J. Cantine, One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Volunteers-my thanks are due for their gallantry and great activity during this contest as at all other times. Our own force engaged at different times was -

My brigade	 1, 350

Sent from First Corps	 355

Sent from Eleventh Corps	 400

Part of Colonel Candy's brigade	 1, 000

Total	 3, 105

Not more than 1, 300 men were in the lines at any one time. The loss of the enemy greatly exceeds our. We found of their dead in front of our lines 391, and there were across the creek a number of dead, estimated at 150, making a total of killed, 541. Of the 2, 000 muskets picked up on our position and in front, 1, 700 must have belonged to the enemy, showing clearly a loss of killed and wounded, in addition to those who may have carried their arms off the field, estimated at 500. My brigade took 130 prisoners, showing clearly a loss to the enemy of nearly 2, 400 men in our front. The loss of the enemy in officers was heavy. Major B. W. Leighl, General Johnson's adjutant-general, was killed in our front, and papers indicating the troops engaged in our front found on him and forwarded to headquarters. The enemy's force was vastly superior to ours, and is reported to be Johnson's division, of Ewell's corps, which attacked us on the night of the 2nd instant, and the same division re-enforced by Rodes' division on the 3d.
 Officers and men.Killed.Wounded.Missing.TotalCommissioned officers.610117Enlisted men5620331290Total(*)6221332307
Herewith are presented the regimental reports of Colonel Ireland, One hundred and thirty-seventh New York; Colonel Barnum, One hundred and forty-ninth New York; Colonel Godard, Sixtieth New York; Lieutenant-Colonel Hammerstein, Seventy-eighth New York,

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 185.

---------------

