
and Captain L. R. Stegman, One hundred and second New York, officers who commanded the several regiments at the close of the action. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. S. GREENE,

Brigadier General, Comdg. Third Brig., Second Div., Twelfth Corps.

Captain THOMAS H. ELLIOTT,

Asst. Adjt. Ge., Second Division, Twelfth Army Corps.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIG., SECOND DIV., TWELFTH CORPS,Near Ellis' Ford, Va.,

August 15, 1863.

SIR: In addition to the above, I have the honor to report to the commanding general, in conformity with circular from headquarters Army of the Potomac, dated August 12, 1863, requiring reports of the operations from Jun 28 until we arrived in the vicinity of Warrenton, that the Sixtieth, Seventy-eighth, One hundred and second, One hundred and thirty-seventh, and One hundred and forty-ninth Regiments New York Volunteers, composing my brigade, marched with the Second Division, as follows:

June 28. - Marched from Knoxville to Frederick, Md. ; 11 miles.

June 29. - Marched to Big Pipe Creek; 21 miles.

June 30. - Marched to Littlestown, Pa. ; 12 miles.

July 1. - Marched to Two Taverns, Pa. ; 8 miles; thence to the left of the battle-field near Gettysburg; 5 miles.

July 2. - Marched to the right of the line of battle; 1 1/2 miles. July 5. - Marched to Littlestown, Pa. ; 13 miles.

July 7. - Marched to Walkersville and through Frederick, Md. ; 29 miles.

July 8. - Marched to Jefferson, Md. ; 15 miles.

July 9. - Marched to Rohrersville, Md. ; 11 miles.

July 10. - Marched to near Bakersville, Md. ; 7 miles.

July 11. - Marched to Fair Play; 6 miles.

July 13. - Changed position to the right, to the left of the First Division of the Twelfth Corps, this brigade being the right of the Second Division; threw up intrenchments, covering our front and in continuation of the intrenchments in the other brigades of the division, and in position with the intrenchments of the First Division, on our right.

July 14. - Brigade remained in line of battle behind intrenchments, and worked on intrenchments while the troops on our right advanced to the front.

July 15, 5 a. m. - Marched toward Pleasant Valley, through Sharpsburg and Antietam Furnace. Bivouacked near Harper's Ferry, on northwest of Maryland Heights; 16 miles.

July 16. - Marched to Pleasant Valley; 3 miles.

July 17 and 18. - Remained in camp. Received supplies of clothing and provisions.

July 19. - Crossed the Potomac to Harper's Ferry on pontoon bridge, and the Shenandoah, and marched up Loudoun Valley; 9 miles.

July 20. - Marched to Snickersville; 11 miles.

July 21 and 22. - Remained in camp at Snickersville.

July 23. - Marched to Ashby's Gap, and thence to near Markham Station; 23 miles.

