
July 24. - Marched to Linden Station; thence to Markham and to Piedmont; 22 miles.

July 25. - Marched to Thoroughfare Gap; 16 miles.

July 26. - Marched to Warrenton Junction; 22 miles.

July 27 to 30. - Encamped at Warrenton Junction.

July 31. - Marched to Ellis' Ford, on the Rappahannock River; 26 miles. The Sixtieth, Seventy-eighth, One hundred and second, and One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers took position at Ellis' Ford, and the One hundred and thirty-seventh Regiment New York Volunteers took position at Kemper's Ford.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. S. GREENE,

Brigadier General, Comdg. Third Brig., Second Div., Twelfth Corps.

Captain THOMAS H. ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 308. Report of Colonel Abel Godard, Sixtieth New York Infantry.

NEAR GETTYSBURG, PA.,

July 4, 1863.

CAPTAIN: Herewith I have the honor to report that the situation and condition of the Sixtieth Regiment New York Volunteers, under my command at the battle of Gettysburg, Pa., July 2 and 3, were as follows, to wit: On july 2, at or about 6 a. m., the regiment with the brigade assumed position in line of battle, connecting with the right of the First Army Corps, where my command threw up intrenchments, by order of

General Greene, in person commanding Third Brigade. The men of the regiment worked with a will until ebbed 9 a. m., by that time completing the intrenchments, which commanded on the left and center of the regiment the brow of a precipitous hill, and on the right extending to low ground. This line of intrenchments was about 1 mile from the enemy's front, as I estimated the distance. Our works connected on the right with those of the One hundred and second New York Volunteers, of our brigade. From 9 a. m. to 4 p. m., or thereabouts, my men lay quietly behind our line of arms in the rear of our works. In the meanwhile General Greene passed frequently, inspecting the works. At about 4 p. m. General Geary, commanding our division espying the enemy in line, apparently a brigade, in force on my left, placed in position four guns, one in my line, whose firing scattered the enemy from our view. During the half hour's firing of the gun in our line the gunners, being wounded, were replaced by men from my regiment who were acquainted with artillery practice. The gun was removed before 5 p. m., and the line of the regiment was quiet until about 7 p. m., when the enemy's infantry advanced in force, our skirmishers falling back within our line, and we opened a fire upon the enemy's line, which continued along our whole line at close range, with, as was afterward discovered, terrible effect for about two hours, when, the firing of the enemy being nearly silenced,

