
From 9 p. m. till 1 a. m. we were at the breastworks again. After that we remained somewhat in the rear of the breastworks, the enemy having entirely abandoned his lines in our front. The official list of killed, wounded, and missing has been forwarded already to your headquarters. * Among the wounded is Major Randall, who was shot while gallantly discharging his duties. The main loss endured was while the regiment was skirmishing. Having commanded this regiment the first time in action (its strength being not more than 200), I am fully satisfied with the conduct of officers and men; they fought with cool determination, like good soldiers and brave men. Adjutant Postley was conspicuous for the coolness and zeal with which he kept the regiment supplied with ammunition under a very hot fire. In submitting this report,

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, l your obedient servant,

H. HAMMERSTEIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain C. P. HORTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 311. Report of Captain Lewis R. Stegman, One hundred and second New York

Infantry.

NEAR LITTLESTOWN, PA.,

July 6, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of the One hundred and second Regiment New York Volunteers in the battle of Gettysburg, Pa., July 1, 2 and 3: July 1, this regiment marched with the brigade from Two Taverns to a position on the extreme left of our army, then engaged with the enemy's skirmishers; were advanced, and the position occupied until shortly after daylight the next morning, July 2. The division being moved to the right of the army, the One hundred and second New York was formed in line upon the side of a precipitous hill; the one hundred and forty-ninth New York upon the right, and the Sixtieth New York upon the left. Skirmishers and pickets from the First Corps occupied our front, but were relieved by detail. The men were ordered to build breastworks, and did so with the best material at hand-cord-wood and rock-making, however, a strong line. The Sixtieth and One hundred and forty-ninth New York Regiments extended their lines to connect with ours, thus forming a long and continuous breastwork. Artillery firing took place from our immediate rear upon the enemy, drawing a fire in reply, but doing no serious damage. This occurred about 4 p. m., and continued for about an hour, perhaps more. Shortly after 6 p. m. the regiment was moved by the right flank to the intrenchments occupied by the one hundred and forty-ninth New York, the men forming in single file, with intervening spaces of a foot or more. The men had scarcely taken this position when some sharp musketry firing took place, proving an advance of the enemy,

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 185.

---------------

