
and causing our pickets to retire. The Seventy-eighth New York was dispatched through our lines to their relief, bravely led by Lieutenant-Colonel Hammerstein. The blaze of fire which lighted up the darkness of the valley below us; the desperate charging yell and hallo of the rebel troops, convinced us of an immediate engagement. The men were cheered by their officers, continued to be on the alert, and to allow our pickets to pass. The Seventy-eighth soon fell back in good order before the heavy columns of the fore, forming on the rear of our right wing, where they remained during the battle, relieving our men and in turn being relieved, fighting desperately and bravely. The pickets having crossed the breastworks, the whistling of the balls announced the advance of the enemy to close quarters. It was answered by volley after volley of the most destructive musketry from our regiment, being unceasing for two hours. About 8 p. m. the right wing was re-enforced by the Sixth Wisconsin Regiment, Wadsworth's division, First Army Corps. About 8. 30 p. m. the left was re-enforced by the Forty-fifth New York, Eleventh Corps, which occupied the position until the firing ceased. The One hundred and second New York never left its position, nor did one man flinch from his full duty. The firing ceased along the line about 9. 30 p. m. During the night, about 1 a. m. and again at 2 a. m., volleys were delivered by both sides. At 3. 30 a. m. the engagement recommenced with renewed intensity, this regiment holding the breastworks until nearly 9 a. m., in the face of a fearfully destructive fire, when they were relieved by the One hundred and fiftieth New York Volunteers. In about twenty minutes regiment relieved the One hundred and fiftieth New York. About an hour thereafter the regiment was again relieved by the One hundred and fiftieth New York. They had scarcely formed near brigade headquarters when the First Maryland Regiment retired from the trenches without orders, and the One hundred and second New York was ordered to the position left vacant. Under a heavy fire from sharpshooters, they occupied this position until 2 p. m., when they were relieved by the Sixtieth New York Volunteers. About 4 p. m. this regiment was ordered to report to Brigadier-General Wadsworth, First Corps, by whom they were placed in reserve to his left wing. but in position to be used at any point in the line. This position was occupied until the brigade vacated its position July 5. Too much credit cannot be given to the officers and men of the regiment for their unflinching courage and devotion; when their ammunition was expended, with determined spirits they awaited the enemy's onset with fixed bayonets. True and trusty, they have added renewed luster to the bright name already borne, so hardly won on many a desperately contested field. Ever conspicuous in the battle, cheering on the men by his presence and voice, Colonel Lane was wounded about 9 p. m. Sorrowfully I record the fact of the loss of two brave officers-Captain John Mead, Company K, and Adjt. J. Virgil Upham, while gallantly cheering the men in their labors. Where every officer acted conspicuously, bravely, and courageously, I can scarcely find one action more creditable than any other in any one. All acted most nobly and heroically.

55 R R-VOL XXVII, PTI

