
Our loss in killed, wounded, and missing amounted to but 32, * one breastworks forming a splendid protection

I am, sir with great respect, your most obedient servant,

L. R. STEGMAN,

Captain, Comdg. One hundred and second New York Vols.

Captain C. P. HORTON.

A. A. G., Third Brig., Second Div., Twelfth Army Corps.

Numbers 312. Report of Colonel David Ireland, One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Infantry.

IN THE FIELD, AT LITTLESTOWN, PA.,

July 6. 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken in the late engagement by the One hundred and thirty-seventh Regiment New York Volunteers: On the afternoon of July 1, we marched from the village of Two Taverns to near the town of Gettysburg, when we took a road to the left, and on arriving at the left of our lines we formed column of division, and deployed a company as skirmishers. In this manner we advanced about half a mile to the brow of a hill, and there remained for the night. Early on the morning of Thursday, July 2, we marched from the position on the left to a position on the right of the road to Gettysburg and parallel to it. In this position we constructed a line of breastworks covering the front of the regiment. The breastworks were completed about noon. We marched in them and remained there until about 6 p. m., when I received orders to send out a company of skirmishers. Company H, Captain C. F Baragar, was detailed. At the same time we were ordered to change our position to the line of works constructed by General Kane's brigade, to occupy which we had to form line one man deep. In this position the right of our regiment was entirely unprotected. About 7 p. m. our skirmishers were driven in by the enemy, who were advancing in force, and, as I could see, in three lines. We remained in this position fighting the enemy until about 7. 30 o'clock, when the enemy advanced on our right flank. At this time I order Company A, the right-flank company, to form at right angles with the breastworks, and check the advance of the enemy, and they did for some time, but, being sorely pressed, they fell back a short distance to abetter position, and there remained until Lieutenant CAntine, of General Greene's staff, brought up a regiment of the First Corps. I placed them in the position occupied by Company A, but they remained there but a short time. They fell back to the line of works constructed by the Third Brigade. At this time we were being fired on heavily from three sides-from the front of the works, from the right, and from a stone wall in our rear. Here we lost severely in killed and wounded. At this time I ordered the regiment back to the line of works of the Third Brigade, and formed line on the prolongation of the works,

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 185.

---------------

