
and there held the enemy in check until relieved by the Fourteenth New York Volunteers, Colonel Fowler commanding, and the Second Brigade, Second Division, General Kane commanding. While in this position, and previous to being relieved, Captain Gregg, in command of a small squad of men, charged with the bayonet the enemy that were harassing us most, and fell, mortally wounded, leading and cheering on his men. When relieved by the Fourteenth New York, we formed line in their rear, and in that position remained during the night. At 3 a. m. of Friday, July 3, we relieved the One hundred and forty-seventh New York Volunteers in the breastworks, and at 4 a. m. the enemy advanced with a yell and opened on us. Their fire was returned, and kept up unceasingly until 5. 45 o'clock, when we were relived in splendid style by the Twenty-ninth Ohio Volunteers, commanded by Captain hayes. We relieved them at 7 a. m., and were relieved again at 9. 30 a. m. We relieved the Twenty--ninth Ohio again about 10. 15 a. m. We were there but a short time when the fire slackened, and we retired a short distance, when the men rested and cleaned their arms. We relieved the Fifth Ohio Volunteers, Colonel Partick commanding, at 9 p. m., and were relieved by him at 1 a. m. on Saturday, July 4. We were not under fire again during the engagement. During the heavy musketry firing on the morning of Friday, July 3, a squad of 52 rebels surrendered to Captain Silas Pferson, who sent them to the rear. From them we learned that we had been engaged with the Stonewall Division, of Ewell's corps. Throughout the whole of the engagement the officers and men of this regiment did their duty, and did it well-more especially those officers that are killed. Captain Gregg fell, nobly leading on his men. I had thanked Captain Williams for his coolness and courage but a short time before he fell, and Lieutenant Van Emburghl, acting adjutant, was everywhere conspicuous for his bravery, and, fell cheering the men. He was a good and brave officer. His loss will be much regretted. Lieutenant Hallett fell, doing his duty. From our heavy loss in killed and wounded, some idea may be formed of the severity of the fire we were under. We had killed, wounded, and missing as follows: Killed, 38, and wounded, 86. *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVID IRELAND,

Colonel, Commanding 137th New York Volunteers.

Captain C. P. HORTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

Numbers 313. Report of Colonel Henry A. Barnum, One hundred and forty-ninth New York Infantry.

CAMP NEAR LITTLESTOWN, PA.,

July 6, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command at the battle of Gettysburg, on July 1, 2, and 3: On the 1st instant, the regiment broke camp with the corps

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 185.

---------------

