
Through illness of myself, he was in command of the regiment after the fight closed on the 2nd instant, and during the whole of the fight of the 3rd until wounded, which was near the close of the contest. I was present during a part of the time regiment was engaged on the 3d, but was unable to assume command. Appended is a list of our casualties, * which are so small, in view of the long exposure and heavy fire under which the command was placed, only because of the excellent management of its officers, the substantial character of our works, and the advantage of our position.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. A BARNUM,

Colonel, Comdg. 149th New York Vols.

Captain C. P. HORTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 314. Report of Lieutenant Edward D. Muhlenberg, Fourth U. S. Artillery, commanding Artillery Brigade, Twelfth Army Corps.
HDQRS. ARTILLERY BRIGADE, TWELFTH CORPS,Near Kelly's Ford, Va.,

August -, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following movements and operations of the artillery arm of the Twelfth Corps, from the date of its departure from camp at Aquia to its arrival in its present position: The brigade-F, Fourth U. S. Artillery; K, Fifth U. S. Artillery; Knap's Independent Pennsylvania, and M, First New York-broke camp on June 13. Marched, via Stafford Court-House, Dumfries and Occoquan City, to Fairfax Court-House, Va. Left the latter place, and occupied Leesburg on the 17th, the batteries, to be prepared for any emergency, taking positions near the fortifications situated on the west, northeast, and southeast approaches to said place. On the 26th, the corps was again in motion. Two batteries (F, Fourth U. S. Artillery, and M, First New York), with First Division, and two (K, Fifth U. S. Artillery and Knap's Independent Pennsylvania), with Second Division, crossed the Potomac at Edwards Ferry; marched, via Rockville, Jefferson, Frederick, and Brentsville Md., to Littlestown, Pa., entering the latter place on the 30th. On July 1, the brigade, moving along the Baltimore pike to a point 5 miles southeast of Gettysburg, called Two Taverns, took position there to counterattack any movement of the enemy from the Hanover side. About noon of the same day, the two batteries attached to it moved with the First Division away from the pike in a northeasterly direction toward the Hanover road, and, approaching Gettysburg from the east, took position on tolerably favorable ground about 1 1/2 miles from it; the two batteries moving with the Second Division along the Baltimore pike encamped about the same distance from the town. On the morning of the 2d, the batteries operating with First Division

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 185.

---------------

