
moved with it over to the baltimore pike. The infantry, going into the heavy woods on the northeast side of same and forming junction with the Second Division, completed the right wing of the army. The density of the growth of timber, the irregularity and extremely broken character of the ground, studded with immense boulders, prevented the artillery from taking position in the line proper of the corps. It was, therefore, held in reserve and readiness to answer all calls which might be made upon it by the future movements of the opposing forces. The enemy seriously annoying the left of the line of the Twelfth, a vacant space eligible for a battery was found a bout 200 yards on the right of the First Corps. At 3. 30 p. m. one gun (10-pounder Parrott), and at 5 p. m. two more of the same caliber, Knap's Independent Pennsylvania, the three under charge of Lieutenant Gearyl, were placed in position, and were joined by one section of 12-pounder Napoleons (K, Fifth U. S. Artillery), under charge of Second Lieutenant William E. Van Reed. The moment their presence was observed, the enemy opened with eight guns; continued an incessant fire for some thirty minutes; then, having a caisson exploded, ceased. The conduct of both the officers above mentioned, as well as of their commands, is creditable in the highest degree. The remarkable coolness exhibited under a very galling fire, and the bravery displayed in sustaining all the parts assigned to them, deserve notice. In this engagement, or artillery duel, Lieutenant Geary had 1 killed and 2 wounded; Lieutenant Van Reed, 2 mortally and 3 severely wounded. The rebel artillery having ceased firing, no infantry making its appearance, and the corps having been ordered to the left of the army, to support it, if necessary, these guns were withdrawn from the above position, and Knap's Independent Pennsylvania Battery, Lieutenant Charles A. Atwell commanding, was placed on a knob situated south west of the pike 100 yards from it, and known on that day as Slocum's Hill; Battery M, First New York Artillery, Lieutenant Winegar commanding, on a second elevation, a quarter of a mile distant, and nearly due east from the first mentioned, both overlooking and commanding the ground just vacated by the corps. These two batteries retained these positions during the whole engagement and did excellent service. Battery F, Fourth U. S. Artillery, and Battery K, Fifth U. S. Artillery, remained in park at base of the Slocum's Hill, ready for a move to the left, if called upon. After the return of the corps from the left, it found the greater portion of its intrenchments already in possession of the enemy, supposed to be a portion of its intrenchments already in possession of the enemy, supposed to be a portion of General Ewell's corps, variously estimated from 5, 000 to 8, 000 strong. On the morning of the 3d, at 1 a. m., Batteries F, Fourth U. S. Artillery, and K, Fifth U. S. Artillery, were placed in position parallel to and on the southwest side of the Baltimore pike, almost directly opposite the center of the line formed by the Twelfth, and controlling the approach of the enemy along the ravine formed by the stream known as Rock Creek. At 4. 30 a. m. the two rifle batteries (ten guns) and the two light 12-pounder batteries (ten guns) opened, and fired for fifteen minutes without intermission at a range of from 600 to 800 yards; ceased firing, and allowed infantry to take part. Commenced at 5. 30 a. m., and continued firing at intervals until 10 a. m., at which hour the enemy had retreated and the infantry of the corps had regained their works.

