
The artillery was of essential service, and did excellent execution at this part of the field, and no doubt contributed greatly in preventing the enemy from establishing himself in so desirable a position, whence he could either have held the pike or have moved his force along the southeast slope and occupied a sufficiency of Cemetery Hill to annoy, if not to entirely control, the position held by the army. The marks on the trees and immense boulders contiguous to the line of intrenchments prove conclusively that the practice of the artillery was excellent and splendidly accurate. Batteries F, Fourth U. S. Artillery, and K, Fifth U. S. Artillery, remaining in the position just mentioned, were exposed to a most terrific fire during the afternoon of the 3d, the enemy opening with all his artillery upon the left and center of the army. The direction of their lines of fire was such that almost every projectile passing over Cemetery Hill found its bed within the battery line of these two batteries. The commands stood nobly under this unexpected and incessant hail, and displayed by their actions the attributes of true soldiers. I take the greatest pleasure in presenting to your favorable notice Lieutenant D. H. Kinzie, commanding Battery K, Fifth U. S. Artillery, and his second lieutenant, William Egan, as well as Lieutenant S. T. Rugg, of my own command, Battery F, Fourth U. S. Artillery. The batteries, observing the same order of march as before, moved with the corps on the 5th, via Littlestown, Pa., Frederick, Burkittsville (one section in position at Crampton's Gap on the 8th, under Second Lieutenant S. T. Rugg), Rohrersville, Bakersville, and Fair Play, Md., and took position on the 12th on the left of the new line of battle, 1 mile from Jones' Cross-Roads, on the west side of the Hagerstown and Sharpsburg pike. Remained here until the 14th. Made a reconnaissance with the First Division batteries toward Falling Waters, and found the enemy had recrossed the Potomac Broke camp on the 15th. Recrossed the Potomac at Harper's Ferry on the 19th. Marched, via Snickersville, Paris, Manassas Gap, Rectortown, White Plains, Thoroughfare Gap, Hay Market, Catlett's Station, and Warrenton Junction, to our present position, on the south side of the Rappahannock River, which we reached on the 30th ultimo. A list of casualties is herewith annexed. *

I have the honor to remain, Your most obedient servant,

EDWARD D. MUHLENBERG,

First Lieutenant 4th U. S. Arty., Comdg. Arty, Brig., 12th Corps.

Brigadier General HENRY J. HUNT,

Chief of Artillery, Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 315. Reports of Brigadier General Robert O. Tyler, U. S. Army, commanding artillery Reserve, Army of the Potomac.
HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY RESERVE,Camp near Warrenton Junction, Va.,

August 30, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit herewith a report of the operations of the Artillery Reserve, from June 28 to july 4. I also inclose the reports of brigade, battery, and other commanders. June 28. - The reserve remained in camp near Frederick City.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 185

---------------

