
The reserve batteries lost very heavily on this occasion in horses and men, so that several guns were necessarily left upon the field, but, after dark, parties were sent out and all but one gun, belonging to Captain Thompson's battery (C and F, Pennsylvania), were returned to the command to which they belonged. The gun in question was left behind much nearer the new position than many others which were regained, and it is not improbable that it was brought in by troops of some of the corps. I would respectfully call attention to Major McGilvery's report of this part of the action. When the action became general, I ordered Captain Ransom's Regular Brigade (C, Fourth U. S. Artillery; C, Fifth U. S. Artillery; F and K, Third U. S. Artillery; H, First U. S. Artillery) to form line of battle on the crest of the hill near General Meade's headquarters. Soon two batteries - Lieutenant Turnbull's (F and K, Third U. S. Artillery) and Captain Ransom's (C, Fifth U. S. Artillery) - were ordered forward to General Humphreys, and occupied a much exposed position near the right center when the enemy's advance was made. Lieutenant Turnbull (F and K, Third U. S. Artillery) was compelled to retire, with the loss of 1 officer and 8 men killed, 14 men wounded, and 45 horses killed. Four guns were left on the field, but were afterward brought off by infantry. No report has yet been received from Captain Ransom's (C, Fifth U. S. Artillery) or Captain Sterling's (Second Connecticut) batteries. Lieutenant Eakin (H, First U. S. Artillery) was ordered to cemetery Hill, where he was wounded soon after his guns went into battery. Lieutenant Thomas, with his battery (C, Fourth U. S. Artillery), held the crest of the hill, and did excellent service in repelling the attack on our center. Captain Huntington's brigade (H, First Ohio Artillery; F and G, First Pennsylvania Artillery; A, First New Hampshire Artillery; C, First West Virginia) and Captain Taft's battery (Fifth New York) of 20-pounders were ordered to report to Major-General Howard, commanding the Eleventh Corps, and by him placed in position in the cemetery, where they engaged the enemy's batteries opposite, firing upon bodies of troops as they appeared in force until daylight was ended by the darkness. During the charge upon our right center, two of the guns belonging to Captain Ricketts' battery (F and G, First Pennsylvania Artillery), of this brigade, were captured, and one of them spiked, but the enemy was held in check by the cannoneers with pistols, handspikes, &amp;., and afterward driven back by a brigade of the Second Corps, and the guns recaptured. Lieutenant Gillett, First Connecticut Artillery, ordnance officer of this command, was engaged the entire night in issuing ammunition to the batteries of the several corps, as well as those of the artillery Reserve. Seventy wagons were unloaded, which were sent to the rear on the morning of the 3d. At daylight on July 3, Captain Rigby's battery (A, First Maryland Artillery) opened fire, by direction of Major-General Slocum, upon the troops across Rock Creek moving of our right. The ammunition train and some of the reserve batteries, which had been refitted during the night, were moved up near the Taneytown road, together with the Horse Artillery Brigade of Captain Robertson, who had been ordered to report temporarily to me. On riding along the lines, I found all the reserve batteries (twelve in number), which had been ordered to the different corps on the day previous, in position. The infantry had constructed a slight breastwork of such materials as the ground afforded along the entire crest of the hill, and some shel-

