
necessary subdivisions of so large a body od artillery. There should be at least a field officer with a proper staff to each four batteries in action, and the supervision of a commander of superior rank is equally necessary in camp or on the march. There was no exception to the gallantry, coolness, and steadiness of the officers and men of my command, and I would call attention to the many special instances of distinguished good conduct mentioned in accompanying reports. I feel it due to bring to the notice of the commanding general the intrepid conduct and excellent judgment displayed by Major F. McGilvery, First Maine Artillery, under whose immediate command fell many of the reserve batteries engaged on our left center, as well as to the tenacity and bravery of Captain P. Hart, Fifteenth New York Battery; Captain N. Irish, Battery F, Pennsylvania Artillery, and Lieutenant Baldwin, Fifth U. S. Artillery, who, though painfully wounded, remained on the field and fought with their batteries during the whole action; also, of Captain Ransom, Third U. S. Artillery, who was severely wounded by a sharpshooter while gallantly reconnoitering a position for hi guns. Lieutenant Milton, upon whom the command of his battery devolved after every other officer belonging to it had been either killed or wounded, displayed remarkable coolness and resolution. I wish to make special mention of gallantry coming under my notice on the part of Private William Sheridan, First Connecticut Artillery, who was the only one of several orderlies who remained with me under the terrific cannonading of the 3d. He immediately gave me his horse when mine was killed, and brought off from the field my entire arms and horse equipments, carrying them on foot for nearly a mile under a fire the concentration of which few who experienced it will fail to remember. I desire to especially express my obligations to the officers of my staff. The gallantry and activity of Lieutenant [Gustav von] Blucher, the only aide-de-camp with me, were specially conspicuous. The work of bringing up and the care of the ammunition train devolved upon Lieutenant-Colonel [William E.] Morford, quartermaster, and Lieutenant [S. A.] Wood, acting assistant quartermaster, the former of whom, with Lieutenant [Lowell A.] Chamberlin, my commissary of musters, afforded me much valuable assistance on the field. Lieutenant Gillett, my ordnance officer, worked day and night after the action commenced, issuing ammunition to the corps as well as to the reserve, and to his labor and excellent system much of the efficiency of the artillery on the 3rd is due. I am greatly indebted to my assistant adjutant-general, Captain C. H. Whittelsey, for his gallant and untiring labors during the whole action and the cheerfulness and energy with which he executed every duty that he was called upon to perform. My thanks are also due Captain Robertson, who did excellent service in withdrawing the reserve batteries during the confusion attending the heavy cannonading of the 3d, and upon whom devolved the command of the batteries during a temporary indisposition that succeeded the fall from my horse.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. O. TYLER,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac.

