
A.
HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY RESERVE,Near Gettysburg, Pa.,

July 4, 1863-2 p. m.

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that I have lost from my command as follows:Officers wounded(*)14Privates killed, wounded, and missing(*)216Rounds of ammunition expended, about 11,653Rounds of ammunition on hand 3,900
I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. O. TYLER,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac.
HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY RESERVE,Culpeper Court-House, Va.,

October 3, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith a statement of the operations of the Artillery Reserve, from the date of the battle of Gettysburg until the command reached Warrenton Junction, which I had previously omitted. I also forward a copy of a report of First Lieutenant G. V. Weir, commanding Battery C. Fifth U. S. Artillery, for the action of Gettysburg. This report is but just received, a circumstance which has prevented the services of the battery from being suitably mentioned in my own report. I would respectfully call attention kin it to the names of non-commissioned officers and soldiers whose meritorious conduct is specially noticed.

I am, general very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. O. TYLER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY RESERVE,Camp near Culpeper Court-House, Va.,

October 3, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following statement of the operations the Artillery Reserve, from the battle of Gettysburg until August 1, when this command reached Warrenton Junction:

July 4. -The batteries remained in the position held during the battle, with few exceptions.

July 5-They were drawn in, and marched about 3 p. m., proceeding to Littlestown, Pa., where they went into camp about 10 p. m.

July 6. -The reserve remained at Littlestown.

July 7. -The batteries left Littlestown, Pa., at 5 a. m., and encamped near Woodsborough, Md., at 8. 30 p. m.

July 8. -This command left camp at 11 a. m., and encamped near Frederick City, Md., at 3 p. m.

July 9. -The batteries left Frederick City at 12 m. ; marched through South Mountain Gap, and encamped in rear of Boonsborough, Md., at 10. 20 p. m.

