
was occupied by rebel sharpshooters. As soon as the Sixth Maine Battery reported, which was just before sundown, I ordered canister to be used on the low bushes in front, which compelled them to retire. About this time Pettit's New York battery reported, and changed position on the right of the Sixth Maine. At this time the enemy's artillery fire was very heavy and rapid. The unknown volunteer battery, heretofore mentioned, left the field; the guns of Battery I, Fifth Regulars, were abandoned; Captain Thompson's guns, being out of ammunition, were sent to the rear; Pettit's First New York Battery [B] remained only a few minutes, and left while I was directing the fire of the Sixth Maine and a section of the Fifth Massachusetts, Captain Phillips. Lieutenant Dow, with the Sixth Maine and one section of the Fifth Massachusetts, Captain Phillips, remained in position, and kept up a well-directed fire upon the enemy's lines until they had ceased firing, which was about 8 o'clock. I then placed Captain Seeley's regular battery, Lieutenant James, in position near Lieutenant Dow's battery, with instructions to watch the enemy closely and fire upon any advancing column, or reply to any artillery that might be opened upon us. Here ended the engagement of July 2. At 8 p. m. a detail was made from the Sixth Maine and Seeley's battery to go to the front and haul off the guns of Battery I, First [Fifth] Regulars. I instructed Lieutenant Dow to procure an infantry detail, and haul off the four guns of the Ninth Massachusetts, all of which was accomplished. The guns of the two batteries, numbering eight, were brought safely to the rear, and arrangements immediately made to secure their safe transportation in the event of any contingency that might necessitate a retreat or other movement. During the engagement my horse was hit four times in the fore-shoulder and breast by musketry, once on the fore-leg by shell, and once on the hip spent solid shot, of which wounds he soon after died. During the night I ascertained the whereabouts of all my batteries, and early on the morning of July 3 brought them into line on the low ground on our left center, fronting the woods and elevated position occupied by the enemy along the Gettysburg and Emmitsburg road, a point at which it was plain to be seen they were massing artillery in great force. The line of batteries under my command, commencing on the left, which rested on an oak wood, occupied by our infantry, were, in numbers and kind of guns, as follows: Ames' battery, six light 12-pounders; Dow's Sixth Maine Battery, four light 12-pounders; a New Jersey battery, six 3-inch guns; one section New York [Pennsylvania] Artillery, Lieutenant Rock [Captain Rank], two 3-inch guns; First [Second] Connecticut, four James rifled and two howitzers; Hart's Fifteenth New York Independent battery, four light 12-pounders; Phillips' Fifth Massachusetts, six 3-inch rifled guns; Thompson's battery, F and C, consolidated Pennsylvania Artillery, five 3-inch rifled guns; total, thirty-nine guns. In front of these guns I had a slight earth work thrown up, which proved sufficient to resist all the projectiles which struck it, and the commanders of batteries were repeatedly ordered that, in the event of the enemy opening a cannonading upon our lines, to cover their men as much as possible, and not return the fire until ordered. At about 12. 30 o'clock the enemy opened a terrific fire upon our lines with at least one hundred and forty guns. This fire was very rapid and inaccurate, most of the projectiles passing from 20 to 100

