
feet over our lines. About one-half hour after the commencement, some general commanding the infantry line ordered three of the batteries to return the fire. After the discharge of a few rounds, I ordered the fire to cease and the men to be covered. After the enemy had fired about one hour and a half, and expended at least 10, 000 rounds of ammunition, with but comparatively little damage to our immediate line, a slow, well-directed fire from all the guns under my command was concentrated upon single batteries of the enemy of those best in view, and several badly broken up and successively driven from their position to the rear. At about 3 p. m. a line of battle of about 3, 000 or 4, 000 men appeared, advancing directly upon our front, which was completely broken up and scattered by our fire before coming within musket range of our lines. Immediately after, appeared three extended lines of battle, of at least 35, 000 men, advancing upon our center. These three lines of battle presented an oblique front to the guns under my command, and by training the whole line of guns obliquely to the right, we had a raking fire through all three of these lines. The execution of the fire must have been terrible, as it was over a level plain, and the effect was plain to be seen. In a few minutes, instead of a well-ordered line of battle, there were broken and confused masses, and fugitives fleeing in every direction. This ended the operations of the batteries under my command at the battle of Gettysburg. In conclusion, I feel it a duty to state that the officers and men of the batteries in my brigade behaved in the most gallant manner. On July 2, where the battle raged most furiously, part of the Fifth and Ninth Massachusetts, and C and F, consolidated Pennsylvania Artillery, contested every inch of ground, and remained on the field to the very last. The Sixth Maine Battery came into action in very opportune time, and rendered very valuable service. Captain Irish, of battery F, Pennsylvania Artillery, acting volunteer aide to me was hit on the thigh in the early part of the engagement by solid shot, but would not leave the field to have his wound dressed until ordered by me to do so, and, notwithstanding a serious contusion which he was suffering under, reported to me on the morning of July 3, and remained with me during the day, ready to discharge any duty. Captains Phillips' and Bigelow's conduct was gallant in the extreme. *

F. McGILVERY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

General R. O. TYLER,

Comdg. Artillery Reserve.

Numbers 319. Report of Captain Charles A. Phillips, Battery E, Massachusetts Light Artillery.
HDQRS. BATTERY E, MASSACHUSETTS ARTILLERY,July 6, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to forward a report of the battery during the action of July 2 and 3.

---------------

*The number taken into action by this brigade was as follows: E, Massachusetts Artillery, 4 officers and 100 men; Ninth Massachusetts, 4 officers and 100 men; Fifteenth New York, 2 officers and 68 men; and C and F, Pennsylvania Artillery, 5 officers and 100 men; making a total of 15 officers and 368 men.

---------------

