
On the morning of the 2d, I marched from Taneytown toward Gettysburg, and came into park near the battle-field. At 4 o'clock I was ordered into action, and took position on the right of Captain Bigelow and left of Captain Hart. The enemy soon opened a heavy artillery fire on our front and right, one battery on my right, which I could not see, giving us a very hot enfilading fire. Toward 5 o'clock the enemy succeeded in forcing back our lines on our right and left, and the battery was subjected to a heavy musketry fire on both flanks. Accordingly, upon receiving the order from your, I limbered to the rear and retire. The horses on the left piece were shot before limbering, and we were obliged to bring the piece off by hand, leaving the limber. This was, however, brought off on the 4th. Lieutenant Henry D. Scott was shot in the face and severely wounded while bringing off this piece. After retiring about 1, 000 yards, I came into battery by the side of the Sixth Maine Battery, Lieutenant Dow commanding, and remained until my ammunition was expended, when I marched to the rear and went into park for the night. At daylight on the 3d, I was ordered to the front, and took position to the right and rear of the position of the day before, on the right of Captain Hart and left of Captain Thompson. Under your directions, the guns were protected by a slight parapet, which proved of very great service. About 1 o'clock the enemy opened a heavy fire from a long line of batteries, which was kept up for an hour, but beyond the noise which was made no great harm was done. Having received orders from General Hunt and from you not to reply to their batteries, I remained silent For the first Half hour, when General Hancock ordered us to open. We then opened fire on the enemy's batteries, but in the thick smoke probably did very little damage. By your orders, we soon ceased firing. Soon after, a charge was made by General Longstreet's corps, and from my position I was enabled to pour a heavy enfilading fire into the rebel infantry. After the repulse of this charge, another was made by a Florida brigade within range of my guns. During the charge of General Longstreet, the rebels advanced a battery of 12-pounders on our left, whereupon the batteries of the Fist Brigade were ordered to concentrate their fire on it, which was done with such good effect that the rebel cannoneers were driven from their posts almost immediately, and left their guns on the field. I remained in this position until Saturday forenoon. I beg leave to express entire satisfaction with my officers and men. During the two days I fired 690 rounds; lost 1 officer, wounded; 4 men killed and 16 wounded, and 40 horses killed and a number disabled. A number of small implements were lost during the falling back of the first day, but the only losses of material which interfere with the efficiency of the battery ar 1 wheel harness for 1 horse, 4 sets of lead harness, and 2 wheels.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. A. PHILLIPS,

Captain Battery E, Massachusetts Artillery.

Major McGILVERY,

Comdg. First Volunteer Brigade, Artillery Reserve.

