
then ordered to report to Lieutenant-Colonel McGilvery, then on the right of the Baltimore pike, about 2 miles to the rear.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

R. S. MILTON,

Lieutenant, Comdg. Ninth Massachusetts Vol. Battery.

Captain WHITTELSEY,

A. A. G., Artillery Reserve.

Numbers 321. Report of Captain Partick Hart. Fifteenth New York Battery.

NEAR WARRENTON JUNCTION, VA.,

August 2, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report, in compliance with the circular of July 17, the proceedings of the Fifteenth Independent New York Light Battery. On the 2nd instant [ultimo], I was ordered by Major McGilvery to go to the front with him to take a position in the line of battle. I proceeded to the left and center, l when we met General Sickles, with whom the major consulted. I halted my battery, and received orders to go with the major to reconnoiter the enemy. The major, General Tyler's aide, and I proceeded to the front, when the major pointed out the position I was to occupy. According to Major McGilvery's orders, I formed my battery into line, and was proceeding to take position when I met General Hunt. Chief of artillery, who ordered me to take a position on the left of the peach orchard. I immediately obeyed the general's orders, and came into battery as directed, I then directed the fire of my battery on one of the enemy's batteries, which was doing heavy execution on our line of battle. This battery was to my right and front, and distant about 900 yards. I used solid shot and shell with such effect that the enemy was compelled to withdraw their battery. They then brought a battery still further to my right. They poured a tremendous cross-fire into me, killing 3 of my men and wounding 5, also killing 13 horses. At this time my attention was drawn to a heavy column of infantry advancing on our line. I directed my fire with shrapnel on this column to good effect. I then changed to canister, repulsing the attack made on my battery. At this time the batteries on my right were abandoned, with the exception of Captain Ames', which retired in good order to the rear. After the first repulse of the enemy, they reformed and advanced on me a second time, and were repulsed. At this very moment I saw a very heavy column of the enemy advancing on the left of the barn and through a wheat-field, distant about 400 yards, I directed the fire of the left piece of my battery with canister upon this column, which did excellent execution, the enemy breaking in confusing. At this time the enemy were advancing in heavy force on me. I fired my last round of canister at this column before I retire. Previous to this I had sent to the rear for two of my caissons. There came word to me that they were not where I left them. I sent another messenger to bring them up. When They were convenient to me, they were again ordered to the rear. The only projectiles I had left were a few solid shot. I then limbered to the rear, and retired about 1 mile. When I got to the rear it was after dark. I then repaired damages, drew a supply of ammunition, and reported to General Tyler. I was ready for action again at 4 a. m. of the 3d.

