
I think it my duty to mention the brave and gallant conduct of General Tyler's aide, and also that of Lieutenant Knox, of my battery. Early on the morning of the 3d, I received orders by Major McGilvery's orderly to proceed to the front, which order I immediately obeyed. When I reached the front, not being able to find Major McGilvery, I reported to Captain Thompson. He told me to come into position anywhere on his left, so as to leave room for Captain Phillips. I took position accordingly. A short time after, General Hunt, passing along the line, told me to hold my position and not to return the enemy's fire unless I saw his infantry advancing; then to open fire to the best advantage. This order was afterward repeated to me by Major McGilvery, which I obeyed, until ordered by General Hancock to open on the enemy's batteries. I obeyed this order, but after firing a few rounds Major McGilvery ordered me to cease firing. After the enemy opened with all of his batteries, I was ordered by Major McGilvery to return their fire, which I did. At this time Second Lieutenant E. M. Knox and I were wounded; Lieutenant Knox severely and myself slightly. First Lieutenant A. R. McMahon being at the rear in arrest, and I having no officer to place in charge of the right section, I placed ---- ---- in charge of it, and Serg. William Sheehy in charge of the left. The conduct of the latter during that terrific day's fight is deserving of the highest praise. While firing at the enemy's batteries I used solid shot and shell, but when his infantry commenced to advance, I fired shell and shrapnel until the right of his first column came within about 500 yards of me, when I opened with canister, which took good effect. His second line appeared to be coming direct for my battery. I turned all my guns on this line, every piece loaded with two canisters. I continued this dreadful fire on this line until there was not a man of them to be seen. At this time the enemy opened a battery on his right, in front of a barn, his projectiles killing many of my horses. I directed my fire on this battery and on his caissons, which were partly covered by the barn. I candidly believe it was I who caused his caissons to explode and set the barn on fire. Immediately afterward he brought a section to bear on my. I brought all the guns of my battery to bear on this section. The first gun that I fired exploded one of his limbers. Corporal Hammond with the next shot dismounted, I believe, one of his guns. Sergt. William Sheehy, I believe, followed with equal success. There was not a gun fired or a man to be seen at this section afterward, until, late in the evening, they sent down horses and took away one limber. My battery remained in position until near noon on the 4th, when I was ordered to the rear. I think it my duty mention here the gallant conduct of my sergeants and to recommend them. Their names are as follows: Sergts. William Sheehy, Alexander L. Robinson, Edmund Sheehy, James Sheehy, Thomas Fitzgerald (was severely wounded nobly doing his duty), John McGowan, and Corpl. Josiah B. Hammond. The corporals and men of my battery acted nobly during those two days' hard fighting. The noble and gallant conduct of Lieutenant Knox deserves the highest honor that could be conferred on him.

P. HART, Captain,

Commanding Battery.

Captain C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

