
Numbers 322. Report of Lieutenant Andrew R. McMahon, Fifteenth New York Battery.

NEAR BERLIN, MD.,

July 17, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report, in compliance with the circular of this day, the proceedings of my battery, commanded by Captain Hart, during the engagement at Gettysburg, Pa., July 2 and 3. On the 2nd instant, we were ordered to take up our position, which we did, in a peach orchard on the left and center at 4. 30 p. m. We opened fire upon a rebel battery which had taken up position about 1, 100 yards directly in front of us, being partly protected by a house on their right. While we were engaged, the rebel infantry were advanced, in order to carry our position. This was about 5. 30 p. m. We immediately changed the direction of our fire, and brought it to bear upon the approaching columns with good effect, but this was not sufficient to stay their advance. When within the proper range, we commenced firing canister, and did not cease firing until the infantry which were supporting us were driven back and the battery on our right had limbered up and retired from the fight. We were then ordered to retire, which we did at 6. 30 p. m. Our loss during this day's fight was 3 men killed, 5 wounded, and 13 horses killed. We encamped for the night about 2 miles from the field of battle. On the 3rd instant, we were ordered to proceed to the front at 12 m., and took up our position on the left of the cemetery, and prepared for action. At 3 p. m. the rebels commenced a heavy firing upon the whole of our line. We did not return any answer (according to orders) until about 4 p. m., when, by General Hancock's orders, we commenced firing. At about 5 p. m. the rebel infantry advanced in two lines of battle. The first line, moving by a flank march to the right, advanced on the cemetery; the second line, forming in rear of the first, advanced in a direct line for my battery. We immediately commenced shelling them very effectively. They advanced steadily to within 300 yards. We then commenced firing double-shotted canister into them, which had the immediate effect of staying their attack and throwing them into disorder. They then became an easy prey to our infantry, who charged on their right flank. We immediately ceased firing, and were ordered to remain in position until further orders, which we did until the morning of the 4th. Our loss on the 3rd was 1 man killed, 2 commissioned officers and 4 men wounded, and 12 horses killed and wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

ANDREW R. McMAHON,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Battery.

Captain C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 323. Report of Captain James Thompson, Batteries C and F, Pennsylvania Light Artillery.

CAMP NEAR GETTYSBURG, PA.,

July 4, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I would most respectfully report that at about 5 p. m. on the 2nd instant, in accordance with orders received from Major

