
McGilvery, commanding First Brigade, Artillery Reserve, I proceeded with my battery to the front, and took a position which he assigned me, occupying the angle where the right of our line was thrown back, and facing southward, about 2 miles from the town. I placed two guns in battery facing west, and four guns facing to the south, and was engaged with the enemy's infantry and artillery for about one hour, when the enemy advanced and drove back our infantry supports, capturing one of the two guns facing west, but our infantry, rallying, recaptured it, when I limbered them up and retired about 300 yards, as our infantry was again falling back, and brought them into action again with the four guns that were in action facing to the south, and fired a few round, when we were driven back, having the horses in one of the gun's limbers killed, and also in one of the caisson's limbers, the enemy again capturing a gun and one caisson. I had the gun horses disengaged, and the piece moved off some distance by hand, and as the enemy was gaining ground rapidly on us, the infantry that were assisting us left, and we were compelled to leave it, having 1 man killed, 8 wounded, and 4 missing, supposed to have been taken prisoners. We then retired, and afterward fired a short time from a position about 1, 200 yards in rear. I was then permitted to retire the battery and replace the disabled horses, &amp;c., and was ordered into park until morning. Casualties as follows. * Had also 1 horse shot under me, and 18 more killed and wounded. At about 5 a. m. July 3, was placed in position in line with Battery K, Fourth U. S. Artillery, on our right, and Captain Hart's Fifteenth New York Independent Battery on our left, at which place we were hotly engaged with the enemy frequently during the day, with the following casualties. + I have also most cheerfully to report very highly as to the conduct of my officers, non-commissioned officers, and men; and of the enlisted men would make special mention of Sergt. Thomas Brown, and also of Private C. R. Carlisle, who, when the 4 lead horses of one of the guns were killed, 1 wheel horse badly wounded, and drivers also wounded, assisted me to disengage the traces of the dead leaders, under a heavy musketry fire (in action of the 2nd instant), and he mounted the wheel horses, and took the gun off the field, thereby saving it, and I recommend that a medal be granted him for his conduct on this occasion and subsequent good conduct on the 3rd instant.

Most respectfully submitted.

J. THOMPSON,

Captain Comdg. Batteries C and F, Pennsylvania Artillery.

Captain C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 324. Report of Captain Franklin A. Pratt, Battery M, First Connecticut

Artillery, Second Volunteer Brigade.

CAMP NEAR BERLIN, MD.,

July 17, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that during the late movements my battery was with the Artillery Reserve until July 2, when

---------------

*Nominal list, here omitted, shows 1 man killed, 1 officer and 8 men wounded, and 1 man missing.

+Nominal list, here omitted, shows 4 officers and 10 men wounded.

---------------

