
it was ordered from Taneytown to Westminster, where it remained until the 6th instant, when, by orders from General Tyler, it started to join the Artillery Reserve at Taneytown, but when part way there it was ordered back to Westminster, and went into position there, an attack from the enemy's cavalry being anticipated. The enemy not appearing, was ordered after dark to proceed to Frederick; moved to Uniontown, and encamped. July 7, moved on as far as Liberty. July 8, joined Artillery Reserve near Frederick; continued with it to Jones' Cross-Roads, at which place remained until the 15th instant, when rejoined Artillery Reserve at Boonsborough, and moved with it to this place. I have had no difficulty in moving my guns over the worst roads we have passed, but have worn down my caisson teams and met some delays with 8 horses to a carriage.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. A. PRATT,

Captain First Regiment Conn. Arty., Comdg. Siege Batty. M.

Captain C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Artillery Reserve.

Numbers 325. Report of Captain Elijah D. Taft, Fifth New York Battery.

CAMP OF ARTILLERY RESERVE, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

July 19, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the battery commanded by me (Fifth New York Independent) marched from Taneytown, Md., on the morning of the 2nd instant, to near Gettysburg, Pa., where it halted in park about 10. 30 a. m., and at 3. 30 p. m. marched from park to the cemetery, where we arrived at 4 p. m., and reported to Major-General Howard. At 5 p. m. took position in the cemetery, and engaged a battery on the north of the cemetery with four guns, and one west with two guns, also firing at the enemy's infantry to the west, at times with good effect, firing until too dark to be effective, remaining in the same position during the night. On the 3rd instant, the enemy opened fire about 8 a. m. I returned it at intervals until about 10 a. m. The enemy opened fire again about 1. 30 p. m., which was returned by my battery. Soon after, one of my guns burst at the muzzle, and at 3 p. m. that portion of the battery firing northward ceased firing, as the enemy had ceased in that direction, and at 4 p. m. those three guns relieved the section firing westward, and remained firing on the enemy's artillery and infantry until the close of the engagement, about 6 p. m. Remained in the same position until 10 a. m. of the 5th instant, when, by orders of General Tyler, I again joined the reserve at the Artillery Reserve camp, 2 miles from Gettysburg. I also have to report the following casualties during the late engagement at Gettysburg, Pa.: Private John C. Begg, Fifth New York Independent Battery, mortally wounded by the accidental explosion of a caisson limber July 2, while approaching the battlefield, from which he died July 7, near Gettysburg, Pa. ; Private An-

