
ton Thalheimer, wounded in the bowels by a bullet at 9 a. m. on the 3rd instant, died at 12 o'clock on the same night; Sergt. Henry Dillon, slightly wounded in the neck by a bullet about 10 a. m. of the 3rd instant; Private Adolph Wittenberg, severely wounded by a bullet through the leg about 2 p. m. of the 3rd instant. One caisson body broken by a shot from the enemy, since replaced by spare parts taken from the field. One 20-pounder Parrott gun exploded. Destroyed and lost in action 1 spare pole, 1 shovel (long handle), 1 tar-bucket, 5 sponges and staves, 4 handspikes, 1 pickax, 1 leather water-bucket, I gunner's haversack, and 1 tarpaulin; and during the engagement I expended the following ammunition: 80 Schenkl percussion shell, 63 Shenkl combination shrapnel, 32 Parrott time-fuse shell, 382 Parrott time-fuse shrapnel, and 557 cartridges.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

E. D. TAFT,

Captain Fifth New York Independent Battery.

Captain C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Artillery Reserve.

Numbers 326. Report of Captain Frederick M. Edgell, First New Hamshire Battery, Third Volunteer Brigade.

LIGHT BATTERY A, FIRST N. H. ARTILLERY,

Camp Artillery Reserve,

July 6, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit following account of the operations of the First New Hampshire Battery during the recent action near Gettysburg, Pa.: The battery arrived on the field from Taneytown on July 2, at 10 a. m., and at 4p. m., by order of Major Osborn, chief of artillery, Eleventh Corps, went into position on Cemetery Hill, immediately on the left of the cemetery, relieving a battery, the name of which I did not ascertain. At that time the fire of the enemy's artillery was directed upon the hill from positions in our front and to the left. After getting the range, I commenced throwing percussion and time shell at their batteries, engaging but one at a time; the first one, situated on the Chambersburg road and opposite the seminary, I succeeded in silencing for the time. The firing was necessarily slow, on account of the distance (2, 000 yards and over), and later in the afternoon gradually ceased, only an occasional shot being fired. Up to this time I had expended 105 rounds of ammunition, and had one horse killed and one wheel smashed. An attack being now apprehended on the right, I was directed by Major Osborn to move to a position in a corn-field near the Baltimore turnpike, with instructions to cover the possible retreat of our troops from the woods on the right. Our troops, however, maintained their position, and my battery was not employed. The men were kept at the guns during the night, as the firing of musketry was sharp and continuous. As the morning of the 3rd began to dawn, the firing became more rapid, and did not cease until about 11 a. m. At about 1. 30 p. m. the enemy opened a rapid artillery fire on our center and left. Their batteries, in a semicircle about this point,

