
swept the hill with a terrible cross-fire. The battery was now much exposed to the plunging shots of the enemy, which fell continually among my pieces, but fortunately without doing much damage. At 2. 30 p. m. I was ordered to take up my old position on Cemetery Hill, relieving Captain Huntington's Ohio battery. I commenced again to throw shell at the enemy's batteries, and also at some bodies of troops, apparently picket reserves, which caused them to break and retreat to the woods. The firing of the enemy's artillery was now very inaccurate, most of the shots being too high, and by the direction of General Meade the firing was discontinued by the batteries on the hill, and the men ordered to lie down. Soon after, at about 4 p. m., a grand attack was made by the enemy on our left, and I fired obliquely from my position upon the left of the attacking column with destructive effect, as that wing was broken and fled across the field to the woods. I next saw what appeared to be the remainder of the attacking force come into our lines prisoners. There was no firing by my battery after this. I expended this day 248 rounds of shell and case shot, making 353 total expended. The Hotchkiss time shell and Schenkl percussion worked well, but the Schenkl combination case seldom exploded. From what experience I have had with this fuse, I think it is not reliable. The casualties in my battery were 3 men wounded (only 1 seriously). I also lost 3 horses killed, and a wheel and axle broken. The latter were replaced during the night of the 4th from the field. I am happy to state that the officers and men of the New Hampshire battery behaved nobly. Although for forty-eight hours under fire, and a part of that time exploded to a terrific cannonade, not a man left his post or wavered, and, by their steadiness and precision of fire on the afternoon of the 3d, I believe contributed much toward repulsing the enemy's attack. For confirmation of this, I would respectfully refer to Major Osborn, chief of artillery, Eleventh Corps, under whose direction my battery was placed during the action of the 2nd and 3d.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. M. EDGELL,

Captain first New Hampshire Battery.

Captain C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Artillery Reserve.

Numbers 327. Report of Lieutenant George W. Norton, Battery H, First Ohio Light

Artillery.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the

part taken by Battery was put in position on Cemetery Hill on the 2nd instant, about 4 p. m., under direction of Major Osborn, chief of artillery, Eleventh Corps, and opened fire on a rebel battery situated on the right of the town, and continued firing at intervals all the afternoon.

