
Toward evening a battery was opened on us from a wheat-field at about 1, 800 yards, which we silenced after a sharp duel of about twenty minutes' duration. Considerable annoyance was experienced from the enemy's sharpshooters, but only 2 men were hit. On the 3rd instant, the battery fired at intervals during the day at batteries in various positions on the left and front. The men were much exhausted by heat and fatigue, and after the close of the battle of Friday the battery was relieved and went to the rear, where it remained until the next morning, when it was sent up again to relieve one of the batteries of the First Corps, by request of Colonel Wainwright, chief of artillery, and occupied gun-covers near the cemetery until the afternoon of the 5th instant, when it rejoined the reserve, and proceeded that night to Littlestown. Our loss was 2 killed and 5 wounded, 8 horses killed or rendered useless, and 1 gun-carriage disabled. We expended during the two days' fight 360 shell and 407 shrapnel; total, 767 rounds. Our loss, considering the position, exposed as we were to heavy enfilading and ground occupied by the batteries which we silenced, our ammunition in that instance was expended to good advantage.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

G. W. NORTON,

First Lieutenant, Comdg. Co. H, First Regiment Ohio Light Arty.

Captain C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery Reserve.

Numbers 328. Report of Captain R. Bruce Ricketts, Batteries F and G, First Pennsylvania Light Artillery.
HDQRS. BATTERIES F AND G, FIRST PA. ARTILLERY,August 30, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with your communication of the 29th instant, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my battery in the battle of July 2 and 3, at Gettysburg: On July 2, my battery moved from Taneytown to Gettysburg with Captain Huntington's brigade, to which it was attached, arriving on the field about noon. At 4 p. m. I was ordered by Captain Huntington to report to Colonel C. S. Wainwright, First New York Artillery, who placed me in position on Cemetery Hill, to the right of the turnpike leading into Gettysburg. During the afternoon, I was engaged with the batteries on the enemy's left, and in shelling a column of the enemy that charged into the woods on my right, which was occupied by the Twelfth Army Corps. At about 8 p. m. a heavy column of the enemy charged on my battery, and succeeded in capturing and spiking my left piece. The cannoneers fought them hand to hand with handspikes, rammers, and pistols, and succeeded in checking them for a moment, when a part of the Second Army Corps charged in and drove them back. During the charge I expended every round of canister in the battery, and then fired case shot without the fuses. The enemy suffered severely. During the battle of July 3, I was engaged with the batteries on the enemy's left and center.

