
During the battle of the 2nd and 3d, I expended 1, 200 rounds of ammunition. The casualties were as follows: Killed, 6; wounded, 14; missing, 3. Horses killed, 20. First Lieutenant C. B. Brockway, Battery F, First Pennsylvania Artillery, First Lieutenant Beldin Spence, Battery G, First Pennsylvania Artillery, and First Sergt. Francis H. Snider, fought their sections with the greatest gallantry.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. BRUCE RICKETTS,

Captain First Pa. Artillery, Comdg. Batteries F and G.

Captain C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery Reserve.

Numbers 329. Report of Captain Wallace Hill, Battery C, First West Virginia Light Artillery.

BERLIN HEIGHTS, MD.,

July 17, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with your order of the present date, requiring a detailed report of the action my battery took in the late battle of Gettysburg, I have the honor to tender the following: On Thursday, July 2, about 4. 30 p. m., the Third Brigade was ordered to the front. Arrived there, my battery was immediately ordered into position on Cemetery Hill, where it remained until the afternoon of the 5th instant. Shortly after engaging the enemy, I had the misfortune to lose Stephen J. Braddock, one of my cannoneers, and on Friday afternoon Charles Lacey, a driver, fell, mortally wounded. Both were excellent soldiers, and fell at their posts. James Loufman and John Hill were slightly wounded, but have fully recovered. My loss in horses was 5. I expended 1, 120 rounds of ammunition. Finally, I think I have just cause to feel proud of the part my men sustained during the entire terrible engagement. All of which is most respectfully submitted.

Your obedient servant,

WALLACE HILL,

Captain, Comdg. Battery C, First W. Va. Vol. Arty.

Captain C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 330. Report of Captain Robert H. Fitzhugh, First New York Light Artillery, commanding Fourth Volunteer Brigade.
HDQRS. FOURTH VOL. BRIG., ARTILLERY RESERVE,---, -- -, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the batteries under my command at the battle of Gettysburg, July 1 to 5: Arriving on the field from Taneytown about 8 a. m. July 2, I was

