
ordered by Brigadier General R. O. Tyler, commanding Artillery Reserve, to take two batteries (K, First New York Artillery, and A, First New Jersey Artillery, First Lieutenant A. N. Parsons commanding) and go into position on the Baltimore turnpike, near General Slocum's line. From this time until July 5, the other batteries of the Fourth Brigade were detached from my command, G, First New York Artillery, and the Sixth Maine Battery, First Lieutenant E. B. Dow commanding, being under command of Lieutenant Colonel F. McGilvery, and Battery A, First Maryland Artillery, Captain J. H. Rigby, being sent to the Twelfth Corps. The two batteries left with me - A, First New Jersey Artillery, First Lieutenant A. N. Parsons commanding, and K, First New York Artillery - remained unengaged until 1 p. m. of Friday, July 3, when, by order of General Hunt, I put them in position near the stone fence in front of General Webb's division of the Second Corps, Battery A, First New Jersey Artillery, on the left of K, First New York Artillery. At this time the enemy were making a strong effort to break the Second Corps line, their infantry having charged up to the stone fence near a small wooded ; knoll about 75 yards on my right, while their artillery fire swept the ground occupied by the two batteries. Just then there were no other batteries at that point, and there seemed to be a good deal of confusion. The rebel artillery fire, from near a house and barn about 1, 000 yards on my left and front, was especially severe, but soon materially slackened, and became very wild under a fire of percussion and time shell from Battery K. In the meantime, Lieutenant Parsons poured about 40 rounds of shrapnel into the flank of the rebel infantry charging the Second corps, and in about half or three-quarters of an hour the enemy abandoned the attack on that point altogether. After a pause of about an hour, the rebel infantry began forming on the right of the house and barn before spoken of, while from the same quarter their artillery opened upon us a brisk but poorly directed and inefficient fire, to which, by direction of General Hunt, I made no reply, but awaited the attack of their infantry, who soon yards on my left, as they did so giving the two batteries an opportunity to pour in an enfilading fire, which they did with great effect, for the enemy did not reach the point, but broke and gave way in all direction when about the middle of the field. After this, we remained in position on the same ground until about 10 a. m. July 5, when I was ordered to rejoin the Artillery Reserve. Of the conduct of officers and men, both of Battery A, First New Jersey Artillery, Lieutenant A. N. Parsons commanding, and of K, First New York Artillery, with the Eleventh New York Battery attached, I cannot speak too highly. Coming into position at a critical point of the rebel charge on our center, and under a galling fire, the guns were worked with great deliberation and a most decided effect. Casualties in Battery K, First New york Artillery, and Eleventh New York Independent Battery attached: Wounded, 7. Losses in material, &amp;c.: Horses, 5. Ammunition expended: Percussion shell, 57; shrapnel, 15, and time shell, 17. Total, 89. Casualties in Battery A, First New Jersey Artillery: Killed, 2;

