
wounded, 7. Losses in material, &amp;c.: Horses, 5. Ammunition expended: Shrapnel, 120; shell, 80. Total, 200.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. FITZHUGH,

Captain Battery K, First New York Artillery, Comdg. Fourth

Volunteer Brigade, Artillery Reserve.

Captain C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General,

Artillery Reserve.

Numbers 331. Report of Lieutenant Edwin B. Dow, Sixth Maine Battery.

CAMP NEAR BERLIN, MD.,

July 17, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the action taken by the Sixth Maine Battery, under my command, at the battle of July 2 and 3, near Gettysburg, Pa. I received orders from General Tyler, through Lieutenant Blucher, to report to General Sickles' (Third) corps, on the left center, about 6 p. m. 2nd instant. I immediately marched my command to the front, meeting an ambulance with General Sickles in it, badly wounded. I had not gone far when Major McGilvery ordered me into position in rear of the first line, remarking that he had charge of the artillery of the Third Corps. On going into position, my battery was under a heavy fire from two batteries of the enemy, situated some 1, 000 yards in my front. I replied to them with solid shot and shell until the enemy's line of skirmishers and sharpshooters came out of the woods to the left front of my position and poured a continual stream of bullets at us. I soon discovered a battle line of the enemy coming through the wood about 600 yards distant, evidently with a design to drive through and take possession of the road to Taneytown, directly in my rear. I immediately opened upon them with spherical case and canister, and, assisted by a section of Captain Phillips' (Fifth Massachusetts) battery, drove them back into the woods. Their artillery, to which we paid no attention, had gotten our exact range, and gave us a warm greeting. We continued to shell the woods after their infantry retired, and on visiting the spot the same night, about 9 o'clock, found many rebels dead and wounded. It was evidently their intention, after capturing the Ninth Massachusetts Battery and Company I, Fifth Regulars, to have charged right through our lines to the Taneytown road, isolating our left wing and dividing our army; but owing to the prompt and skillful action of Major Freeman McGilvery, in forming this second line as soon as he found the first line lost, their plan was foiled, for they no doubt thought the woods in our rear were filled with infantry in support of the batteries, when the fact is we had no support at all. At this crisis, my orders from Major McGilvery were to hold my position at all hazards until he could re-enforce the position and relieve me. It was about 7 o'clock when the enemy retired, and I was relieved by Major McGilvery, who placed Seeley's battery, under command of Lieutenant James, in my position, and I retired into the edge of the woods. Lieutenant Rogers, of this battery, in reconnoitering found the enemy had retired from

57 R R - VOL XXVII, PT I

