
the field in haste, and had not taken the captured guns with them, nor even spiked them. He immediately reported the fact to me, and as many men as I could spare were sent under his charge to bring them off the field. With the aid of the Garibaldi Guard, of New York, he brought off, under a fire from the enemy's sharpshooters, four 3-inch rifled guns and two limbers belonging to Company I, Fifth Regulars, which we immediately limbered on our caissons and ran to the rear. I was then ordered by Major McGilvery to go to the front and see if any other public property was on the field, which order I obeyed, and discovered four light 12-pounder guns and a limber of the Ninth Massachusetts Battery. The remnant of the One hundred and fiftieth New York Regiment, although tired and weary, took hold of the guns and ran them up to Lieutenant James' position, where I turned them over to Lieutenant James, not having force sufficient to bring them off the field. Lieutenant James, brought the guns off, and, I understood, turned them over to the Ninth Massachusetts Battery. By order of Major McGilvery, I reported to Generals Tyler and Hunt what we had done. General Hunt ordered me to go to the rear near the reserve train with the guns. I did so, and next morning had the satisfaction of returning the guns of Company I, Fifth Regulars, to their commanding officer. I am happy to state that in this action, although under the most severe artillery and sharpshooters' fire, I had only 8 men wounded, not one killed. Ammunition expended, 244 rounds. After repairing damages and getting a new supply of ammunition, I reported to Major McGilvery on the morning of the 3d, and was ordered into position between the Second Connecticut Battery and Ames' (First New York) battery, supported by a brigade of the Second Corps. I built earthworks in front of my guns. Nothing of importance occurred until about 11 o'clock, when, at a signal of one gun, the whole rebel line opened a most terrific fire upon our position. Casse shot and shell filled the air. The men were ordered to cease firing and take refuge behind their earthworks. This fire lasted without much abatement about one hour and a half, when we discovered the enemy advancing under cover of the artillery. A light 12-pounder battery of four guns ran some 400 or 500 yards in front of the enemy's line, so as to enfilade the batteries on our right. We opened with solid shot and shell upon this battery, and succeeded in dismounting one gun, disabling the second, and compelled the battery to leave the field minus one caisson and several horses. I deem it due to Major McGilvery to say that he was ever present, riding up and down the line in the thickest of the fire, encouraging the men by his words and dashing example, his horse receiving eight wounds, of which he has since died, the gallant major himself receiving only a few scratches. The enemy fired mostly case shot and shell at our position, nearly all of which passed over our line of artillery and supports and exploded in the woods behind, covering the road with their fragments. Our loss this day was only 5 men wounded and 5 horses killed. Owing to an injunction from General Hunt not to reply to the enemy's fire, but save our ammunition, we expended only 139 rounds. In the two days' action we did not lose a gun or carriage, but reported for duty again as soon as our stock of ammunition was replenished. I was ably seconded by Lieutenant Rogers, to whom we owe much of our success.

