
Where all did well it is useless to specify any certain individual among the non-commissioned officers and privates.

I have the honor to be, captain, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN B. DOW,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Sixth Maine Battery.

Captain C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Artillery Reserve.

Numbers 332. Report of Captain James H. Rigby, Battery A, Maryland Light Artillery.

BERLIN, MD.,

July 17, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following as the part taken by my battery in recent fight at Gettysburg: On the morning of July 2, I was ordered to place my battery in position on a hill about 1 mile south of Gettysburg and 500 yards west of the Baltimore turnpike. The Twelfth Corps, under the command of Major-General Slocum, occupied the woods in front. I opened fire at about 2 o'clock on a battery of the enemy, distant about 2, 500 yards; but, finding the distance too great, I ceased firing for that day. At daylight on the morning of the 3d, I commenced shelling the woods in my front, and continued firing slowly for about three hours. I remained in this position until Sunday afternoon, July 5. During the whole time I only fired 211 rounds-41 rounds of Schenkl percussion shell and 170 Hotchkiss shell. I have been informed by Major-General Slocum that the battery did terrible execution. On sunday afternoon I was ordered to report to the headquarters Artillery Reserve.

I am happy to state that I had no casualties whatever.

I am, sir, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. RIGBY,

Captain, Commanding Battery A, Maryland Artillery.

Captain WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Artillery Reserve.

Numbers 333. Report of Lieutenant Augustin N. Parsons, Battery A, New Jersey Light Artillery.

BATTERY A, FIRST NEW JERSEY ARTILLERY, ART. RES.,

July 17, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that on the 3rd instant, about 3p. m., I received orders from General Hunt to move the battery to the front as quickly as possible. I at once obeyed the order, and soon had the battery in position about one-fourth of a mile south of Gettysburg Cemetery and near the Second Division, Second Corps, Captain Fitzhugh's battery following immediately after me and taking position on my right. At this time the enemy's infantry were advancing very rapidly. I at once opened fire upon them with case

