HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Near Mountains House, July 10, 1863.

(Received 2. 55 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

In consequence of the very efficient service and the material aid rendered to me by the cavalry during my recent operations, I would esteem it a personal favor if the President would assign Major-General Pleasonton to the command of the Cavalry Corps, the position I found him in when I assumed command.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 11, 1863-12 m.

Major-General MEADE, Army of the Potomac:

Your telegram in relation to General Pleasonton has been shown to the Secretary of War. There is no intention to supersede him in command of the cavalry. General Stoneman remains here. There is, however, an objection to any formal order at present. The three brigades are arriving. Assign them and their officers as you may deem best, without regard to present or former organizations.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Antietam Creek, July 11, 1863-4 p. m.

(Received 5. 30 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The line of this army was advanced cautiously this morning in the direction stated in yesterday's dispatch, and at this time its right rests on the road from Smoketown to Funkstown, about 2 miles from the latter, the line crossing the Antietam, passing through Jones' Cross-Roads, the left being near Marsh Run. Strong reconnaissances of infantry are being pushed out toward Funkstown, on the left bank of the Antietam, toward the same point on the right bank, and on the road from Sharpsburg to Funkstown. At the same time, cavalry force is pushing out on the left, on the Boonsborough and Williamsport road, and on the right toward Hagerstown from Chewsville, and Leitersburg. The cavalry on the Chewsville road advanced without opposition to within a short distance, about 1, 5 miles, of Hagerstown. The cavalry in the direction of Leitersburg and that advancing toward Williamsport have not yet been heard from. Everything indicates that the enemy is massing between Hagerstown and Williamsport, and from various sources it is stated they are intrenching. From the representations of General Spinola that the nine months' men of his command could not be relied upon, as their time had nearly expired, and my own experience of troops under such circumstances, I have directed the regiments of his brigade to be posted in the rear. Troops of this character can be of little service unless they are pledged to serve beyond their terms of enlistment; and the supplies they consume and the space they occupy on the lines of communication can be illy spared; besides, their presence may have an injurious effect upon other troops. I do not, therefore, desire to be

