
shot, and fired about 120 rounds with good effect. As soon as they fell back, I opened fire upon one of the enemy's batteries (which by this time had gotten an exact range of my position) with shell, and used 80 rounds, when I received orders from General Hunt to cease firing. My shell were telling upon the enemy's battery, and I believe that I could have completely silenced it in five minutes more. During the action I lost 2 men killed and 7 wounded. I also lost 3 horses killed and 2 wounded, which have since died.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

A. N. PARSONS,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Battery.

General TYLER, Commanding Artillery Reserve, Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 334. Report of Captain Nelson Ames, Battery C, First New York Light Artillery.

CAMP AT ELKTON, VA.,

September 7, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of Company G, First New York Light Artillery, in the battle of Gettysburg, Pa., on July 2 and 3: At 11 o'clock on the morning of the 2d, I received orders from headquarters Artillery Reserve to report with my battery to Major-General Sickles, commanding Third Army Corps. Having reported, I was ordered to move forward and shelter the battery behind the piece of woods on the Emmitsburg road, near the stone barn. I remained there until 3 p. m., when Captain Randolph, chief of artillery Third Army Corps, ordered me to move forward about 800 yards, take position in a thick peach orchard, and engage the enemy's batteries at a distance of 850 yards. I immediately moved forward, and, while crossing a cleared field, the enemy opened fire from one of their batteries. They got an excellent range of my battery, nearly all of their shot striking in my battery, but fortunately they did no other damage than killing 2 horses. Before gaining the position assigned me, I was obliged to halt in plain sight of the enemy, to clear away two fences which the supporting infantry had failed to throw down as they had been ordered to do. As soon as I could come into battery, I opened upon the battery in my front with spherical case and shell, and, after firing about thirty minutes, the enemy's fire greatly slackened, and in a few moments more it nearly ceased; but before I had time to congratulate myself or men upon our success with this battery, a four-gun battery of light 12-pounders opened upon my right from a grove 500 yards distant, and at the same time a new battery opened on my front. I immediately ordered Lieutenant McClellan, commanding the right section, to turn his two pieces upon the flank battery, while Lieutenants Hazelton and Goff kept up their fire upon the battery in front, and for a short time I had as sharp an artillery fight as I ever witnessed. I was soon pleased to see one piece of the flank battery dismounted, and the cannoneers of another either killed or wounded, when the other two pieces were taken from the field. I then turned my whole attention upon the batteries in front, but was obliged to fire very slowly, as my ammunition was getting ex-

