
hausted, having but a few rounds of spherical case left, with a small supply of solid shot and canister. About this time the rebel infantry advanced in line of battle across the wheat-field to my left and front. Lieutenant Hayelton opened upon them with spherical case-he having collected all there was in the battery-with great success as long as that kind of ammunition lasted. He then ceased firing, and ordered his cannoneers to shelter themselves until the enemy advanced within canister range, when he purposed to drive them back with the unwelcome messenger-grape and canister-Lieutenants McClellan and Golf mean while keeping up a steady, show fire with solid shot upon the batteries in front. After having been engaged for two and a half hours, at 5. 30 p. m. I was relieved by Battery I, Fifth U. S. Artillery. My loss during the two and a half hours' fighting was 7 men wounded, 1 mortally and 2 seriously; also a loss of 11 horses killed. Moving to the rear upon being relieved, I parked the battery near the ammunition train of the Artillery Reserve. At daylight on the morning of the 3d, I refilled with ammunition and reported to reserve headquarters, and received orders to move forward near the Frederick and Gettysburg pike, and there await further orders. I remained there until about 10. p. m., when the cannonading from the rebel lines commenced. I then received orders from Captain Whittelsey to move to the rear and take shelter behind a piece of woods. I remained sheltered until about 12 p. m., when I received your orders to move to the front as soon as possible, and take position wherever I could find room, as the enemy's lines were being advanced, under cover of their artillery fire, to charge upon our lines. I took position on the left, near the mountain, and opened fire with spherical case upon the advancing lines as they crossed the fields. These lines falling back, I ceased firing, for my ammunition was again getting low, although the enemy's batteries continued to throw shell into my battery, killing 3 horses and wounding 1 man. I held this position until 3. p. m. of July 4, when I was ordered to withdraw. My loss in the two day's fighting consisted of 8 men wounded, 14 horses killed, and a very light loss and breakage of material. The loss in material was one wheel slightly shattered, one pole broken, and some small parts of carriages shot away. My lieutenants and men, one and all, performed, their duties with that alacrity and promptness that shows them possessed of the qualities that make the patriot soldier.

I am, sir, yours, respectfully,

N. AMES,

Captain Firs N. Y. Light Arty., Comdg. Company G.

Captain C. H. WHITTELSEY,

A. A. G., Artillery Reserve, Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 335. Report of Major Charles Ewing. Fourth New Jersey Infantry, Train Guard.

NEAR WARRENTON JUNCTION, VA.,

August 23, 1863

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders received from headquarters Artillery Reserve, I have the honor to report that on July 2, while in

