
charge of the ammunition train of the Artillery Reserve, my regiment arrived at the scene of action at Gettysburg, Pa. The part taken by the regiment was insignificant, being that of guarding the train, until about noon on the 3rd instant, at the time of the enemy's terrific attack upon the left center, at which time the fugitives from the field began to rush toward the rear upon the road upon which I was stationed. I immediately deployed across the road and into the woods on my right flank with fixed bayonets, where I stopped and reorganized between 400 and 500 men, whom I turned over to General Patrick. As soon as the panic subsided, I resumed my former duty with the ammunition train, which was not again interrupted during the battle. All of which is respectfully submitted.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. EWING.

Major, Commanding Fourth New Jersey Volunteers.

Captain C. H. WHITTELSEY,

A. A. G., Artillery Reserve, Army of the Potomac.

No. 336. Reports of Major General Alfred Pleasonton, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Corps*
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, June 5, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you, of the information of the commanding general, that on the 3rd instant the enemy crossed they attacked our pickets, consisting of one platoon of the First Massachusetts Cavalry, under Lieutenant Gleason. The skirmish took place near Fayetteville; the enemy crossed at Sulphur Springs. Lieutenant Gleason charged them gallantly, repulsing them with loss, and causing them to retire across the river before the force sent to support the pickets could reach the scene of action. The enemy left 4 men dead on the field. Our casualties were Lieutenant Gleason, severely wounded by a saber-cut on the head. The gallantry of Lieutenant Gleason is highly commended by the commanding officer of the brigade to which his regiment is attached. The enemy left 3 horses in our possession.

I am, general. very respectfully, your obedient servant,A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS, Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTER CAVALRY CORPS,

Beverly Ford, July 9, 1863-6 a. m.

Enemy has opened with artillery, and shows some force of cavalry. Had a sharp skirmish. Colonel Davis, commanding Second Brigade, First Division, led his column across, and is badly wounded.

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General HOOKER.

---------------

*See also his dispatches in Part III.

---------------

