HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,June 9, 1863-11 a. m. (Receive 12. 45 p. m.)

GENERAL: All the enemy's force are engaged with me. I am holding them until Gregg can come up. Gregg's guns are being heard in the enemy's rear.

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

General S. WILLIAMS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Army of the Potomac.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Near Beverly Ford, Va., June 9, 1863-12. 30 p. mp(Received 3. 20 p. m.)

General Gregg has joined me, and I will now attack the enemy vigorously with my whole force. Prisoners report that Stuart has 30, 000 cavalry here. Both Lees, Jones, and Hampton are with him. We have had a sharp fight, and have lost heavily, as we had the whole force in front of one-half of my command. Colonel Davis, Eight New York, and Captain Canfield, Second [U. S] Cavalry, are killed; Major Morris, Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry, a prisoner, with a number of others. We have about 100 in hospital, wounded; Major Beveridge, Eight Illinois, among the number. Buford and Ames hade driven their whole force out of their strongest position. It would be well to send a good force of the Fifth Corps toward Brandy Station, if it can be spared.

A. PLEASONTON

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major-General HOOKER,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac.

CAVALRY HDQRS., NEAR RAPPAHANNOCK STATION, VA.,

June 9, 1863-8 p. m. (Received 10. 45 p. m.)

GENERAL: short time after my last dispatch to you, General Gregg, with his infantry and cavalry, joined me about 2 miles from the river, to which point I had driven the enemy. He reported that he had encountered a much superior number of the enemy's cavalry, and had a severe fight; also that a train of cards had been run up to Brandy Station filled with infantry, who opened on his men. I also received information from letters and official reports captured in the enemy's camp, as well as from prisoners, that the enemy had upward of 12, 000 cavalry (which was double my own force of cavalry) and twenty-five pieces of artillery. I also learned from contrabands and prisoners that a large force of infantry had been sent for from Culpeper as well as Longstreet's command at Ellis' Ford. And having crippled the enemy by desperate fighting so that he could not follow me, I returned with my command to the north side of the Rappahannock. Gregg's command crossed at Rappahannock Bridge. To-morrow morning Stuart was to have started on a raid into Maryland, so captured papers state. You may rest satisfied he will not attempt it.

