
report, I am satisfied there are no troops in that vicinity. We have marched 22 miles to-day, and gone through a pretty sharp fight. You shall know to-morrow certainly as to the valley beyond. The fact of Fitzburg Lee's cavalry being does not speak well for Stuart's raid. Please send me your orders by my aide-de-camp.

A. PLEASONTON

Brigadier-General

Major-General HOOKER.

Commanding Army of the Potomac.

P. S. -Kilpatrick has done remarkably well. Our loss small.

HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, June 18, 1863-5 a. m.

GENERAL: The fight yesterday evening was more severe for us tan I first supposed, from the dash and ease with which our troops drove the enemy from a strong position. The following-named officers were killed and wounded:Colonel Douty, First Maine, killed; Colonel Di Cesnola, Fourth New York, killed, wounded, or prisoner; Major Stanhope, Sixth Ohio, Major Higginson and Captain Sergeant, First Massachusetts, and Lieutenants Homan and Raymond, Second New York, wounded; Captain Summat, First Maine, and Lieutenants Whittaker and Martenson, Second New York, killed. About 30 enlisted men were killed, and 120 wounded. * Among the prisoners taken was a company of sharpshooters, which accompany each brigade of their cavalry. These men are thrown out as skirmishers, to pick off our officers and skirmishers. They were dismounted for this purpose when charged upon and captured. The enemy left a number of dead on the field, and some of the prisoners report Stuart present, directing the operations. They fired several heavy pieces of artillery. Colonel Duffie, with his regiment, reached Middleburg last night, and reported the enemy in his front, and also that a regiment had gotten up on his rear in Thoroughfare Gap. This was reported about 11 o'clock last evening. I send, this morning early, one of Buford's brigades to Thoroughfare Gap, to ascertain all the facts, and assist Duffie, if it is needed. I am also sending a brigade, with a couple of guns, to Snicker's Gap, to scout the valley, and send parties toward Winchester, Harper's Ferry, and Sperryville. From all the information I can gather, there is no force of consequence of the enemy's infantry this side of the Blue Ridge. The raid into Pennsylvania was made by [John S.] Mosby, [Albert G.] Jenkins, and [E. V.]White. Jenkins was in command. This information comes from the prisoners taken yesterday. The prisoners state they had a hard march yesterday, and have just arrived at Aldie. I judge, therefore, they came from the vicinity of Winchester. I shall hold this position until I obtain further information on the enemy's movement. I would state that a good many of the young and small horses, which have been sent for cavalry use, gave out yesterday, and I shall have many more dismounted men in a short time, from the hard service required of the horses and their unfitness

---------------

*But see revised statment, p. 171.

---------------

