
to stand it. Please call the general's attention to this. Nine officers and 74 privates were taken in all yesterday. One major, Fifth Virginia, was taken.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient,

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier-General WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, June 18. 1863-6p. m. (Received June 19, 12. 45 a. m.)

GENERAL: I sent this morning a brigade on a reconnaissance toward Philomont, where the enemy showed some force. They have succeeded in driving the enemy from Philomont, and have sent part in small parties before them. Some prisoners have been captured who state Fitz Lee's cavalry was at Middleburg this morning. As soon as the parties out return, this brigade will fall back on this point. No infantry, nor any indication of it, has been seen in this direction. A second brigade has arrived at Middleburg, with part of its force in the town. A considerable force is there, and some skirmishing took place at the town. Some prisoners have also been taken on this side. I have directed this reconnaissance to be pushed to Uppervile and Ashby's Gap, if it can be dome. The falling back from Middleburg may only be to draw our troops on to their infantry. A third force is covering Throughfare Gap, which is reported clear of any of the enemy's forces. I have learned from some scouts just in that Hampton's cavalry is in the vicinity of Stafford Court-House, and is moving up toward the Occoquan. No rebel infantry has crossed to this side of the Rappahannock. Some negroes report that they heard Lee's forces were returning toward Culpeper. Should this prove to be the case, it seems to me this entire movement of Lee's has been with the object of getting off re-enforcements from his army to Vicksburg. I sent an extract from a Richmond paper to you this morning, which intimated that Vicksburg was the point to which all their energies were directed. If the general will send Meade's corps to hold this Gap, or even a division of his command, I will push my entire command through, and compel the enemy to show his hand if he has any in the part of the country. Please have the detachment of cavalry at the mouth of the Monocacy sent to me as soon as practicable, by way of Leesburg. I need them very much. Yesterday - I omitted to mention before-we captured one standard, and compelled the enemy to abandon a caisson. I inclose a list of ordinance captured. The Austrian rifles were taken from the mounted sharpshooters of Fitzhugh Lee's brigade. As soon as I hear Further from the front, I will send the information. The country here is rough, and the turnpike cripples up our horses when they are unshod. I am about to propose that General Ingalls will let me have a corps of farriers with these headquarters, under a quartermaster, to keep

