
all horses shod as soon as they need it. The present arrangements are inadequate for this. I trust the general will approve the plan. I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General,

Commanding. Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant -General.

Inclosure.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CAVALRY BRIGADE June 18, 1863

GENERAL: I have the honor to report to you the following ordnance stores picked up on the battle-field:Carbines, 42; sabers, 67; Austrian rifles, 13; saber-blades, without scabbards, 25.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,C. ROSS SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Chief of Ordnance, Cavalry Corps.

HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, June 19, 1863-10. 20 a. m.

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 8 p. m. of last evening is just received. The reconnaissance of yesterday on the Philomont road was extended to Snicker's Gap. No infantry was met with some artillery. This brigade fell back at night to within a few miles of this point, having ascertained from parties sent out that no force of the enemy were at Union, Bloomfield, or Philomont, excepting the cavalry which was driven out by our force. Constant skirmishing was going on all day. The brigade that went to Middleburg meat a heavy force of cavalry at that point, and succeeded in driving out the enemy from the town, but gradually the brigade fell back toward night to within 2 miles of this place, skirmishing all the way. Early this morning, I directed three brigades under Gregg to move on Middleburg, drive out the enemy, and send a force to Upperville and Ashby's Gap. One brigade moved by way of Union, to turn Middleburg and take the rebels in the rear. A sharp cannonading has been going on, but form the sound our troops are advancing. From my operations here, I am satisfied it is not the intention of the enemy to cross from the Shenandoah Valley into this one to give us battle. They have all the gaps leading through the Blue Ridge we guarded; to force them will require infantry. I have Thoroughfare Gap and New Baltimore well picketed, and to-day's reconnaissance will determine as to Upperville and Ashby's Gap. Chester Gap is well guarded by the rebels; this information comes from scouts. The rebel troops yesterday fell back toward Ashby's and also Snicker's Gaps. The infantry prisoners taken belong to the mounted force. Some 10 or 15 were taken yesterday. This command has been fighting constantly for three days, and I cannot give you our exact loss; yesterday it was small. I have heard nothing from Duffie. Some of this men are in, and

