
We took two pieces of artillery [one being a Blakely gun] and three caissons, besides blowing up one; also upward of 60 prisoners, and more are coming in. A lieutenant-colonel, major, and 5 other officers, besides a wounded colonel and a large number of wounded rebels, left in the town of Upperville. They left their dead and wounded upon the field. Of the former I saw upward of 20. We also took a large number of carbines, pistols, and sabers. In fact, it was a most disastrous day to the rebel cavalry.

Our loss has been very small both in men and horses. I never saw the troops behave better or under more difficult circumstances. Very many charges were made, and the saber used freely, but always with great advantage to us.

Ewell's corps went toward Winchester las Wednesday; Longstreet on Friday, and another corps [A. P. Hill's, I think] is to move with Longstreet into Maryland. Such is the information given by the negroes here. I have not been able to send to the top of the Blue Ridge. Stuart has the Gap covered with heavy Blakelys and 10-pounder Parrotts.

I shall return to-morrow to Aldie. My command has been fighting almost constantly for four days, and must have a day or two to rest and shoe up and get things in order.

Very respectfully,

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General.

Brig. General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Aldie, June 22, 1863 - 10 a. m.

GENERAL: I have just returned. The enemy have not followed us. I leave a brigade to hold Middleburg, and have one on the Snicker's Gap road, picketing as far as Philomont. Two deserters from the Night Georgia Regiment of infantry came in this morning, and state they deserted day before yesterday while their regiment was crossing the Shenandoah River. They belong to Longstreet's corps. They state that General Lee is at Winlong to Longstreet's corps. They state that General Lee is at Winchester, and that Longstreet's troops were on their way to that place; that A. P. H ill's corps was on the road up from Culpeper, on the other side of the mountains, but had not yet joined. Pickett's division was holding Snicker's Gap. The rebel forces in the Shenandoah Valley were a good deal scattered; the greater part had crossed the river. Infantry and artillery held all the gaps, and no one is allowed to come or go from this side of the mountains. Longstreet's wagon train passed trough Ashby's Gap on Saturday. The people at Upperville told me that about four hundred wagons of wounded were carried through Ashby's Gap yesterday during the fight. This is

probably exaggerated, but at least 50 dead of the enemy were left on the field; what they took off can bed conjectured. Our loss will run in killed, wounded, and missing to 175. * In my report of yesterday I omitted to mention that the enemy left a gun-carriage of a 10 pounder Parrott on the field. It is thought they threw the gun into Goose Creek. Their loss in artillery horses they threw the gun into Goose Creek. Their loss in artillery horses

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 172.

---------------

