
yesterday was considerable. In one caisson 5 out of 6 were killed. We have captured upward of 100 prisoners, including several officers of rank, and yesterday's fight cost the rebels 2 colonels. I had five brigades engaged, and the enemy had fully as many men as we had. Colonel Vincent's brigade was kept busy by their dismounted infantry. I especially commend Brigadier-General Gregg and Kilpatrick for their gallant zeal and efficiency throughout the day. I desire to inform the general commanding that the losses my command has sustained in officers require me to ask for the promotion of good commanders. It is necessary to have a good commander for the regular brigade of cavalry, and I earnestly recommend Captain Wesley Merritt to be made a brigadier-general for that purpose. H e has all the qualifications for it, and has distinguished himself by his gallantry and daring. Give me good commanders and I will give you good results. General Buford operated independently yesterday on the right to turn the enemy, but their force was too great. He drove them handsomely, and took a number of prisoners, among whom were 2 lieutenant-colonels. He sent a party to the top of the Blue Ridge, that saw a rebel infantry camp about 2 miles long on the Shenandoah, just below Ashby's Gap. The atmosphere was so hazy they could not make out anything more beyond. Being satisfied I had accomplished all that the expedition designed, I returned to this place.

I am, general, very respectfully,

A. PLEASONTON, Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General. Leesburg, va., JUNE 26, 1863.

I shall send Buford's division to the mouth of the Monocacy, to cross at that point, and proceed thence to Middletown. His train I will send with the other trains, to cross at Edwards Ferry and get supplies. From present appearances, my command will not be able to cross to-night.

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General.

General BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General.

HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, August 31, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Cavalry Corps in the late campaign, including the battle of Gettysburg, with accompanying reports of subordinate commanders:On June 28th army being in the vicinity of Frederick City, Md., the Cavalry Corps was placed as follows; The First Division (Buford's) was posted near Middletown, covering the left, and watching the enemy in the direction of Hagerstown. The Second Division (Gregg's) was stationed at different points from Frederick City to Ridgevelle, on the Baltimore turnpike, covering the right of the

58 R R_VOL XXVII, PT I

