
army. The Third Division (Kilpatrick's) was at Frederick City, and was assigned to the corps on that day. Orders having been issued for the advance of the army toward Pennsylvania, on June 29, Buford's division moved as follows, to cover and protect the left flank of the lane of march; The Reserve Brigade was detached under Brigadier-General Merritt, and moved to Mechanicstown and afterward to Emmitsburg. The First and Second Brigades passed through Boonsborough, Cavetown, and Monterey Springs, and encamped near Fairfield, within a short distance of a considerable force of the enemy's infantry. On June 30, these two brigades moved toward Gettysburg; met two regiments of rebel infantry, with some artillery, and after some skirmishing, not wishing to use artillery, they turned off, and reached Gettysburg in the afternoon, just in time to meet the enemy entering the town, and to drive him back before he secured a position. The enemy withdrew in the direction of Cashtown, leaving his pickets about 4. 1/2 miles from Gettysburg. By daylight July 1, General Buford had obtained positive information of the enemy's position and movements, and made his dispositions to hold him in check until the First Corps, under Major General Reynolds, could arrive upon the field. Between 8 and 9 o'clock in the morning, the rebels advanced with superior numbers on Buford's position, but for more than two hours were gallantly checked in every attempt tat was made, when the troops of the First and Eleventh Corps began to arrive and to relieve the cavalry from their perilous position. This division continued in the fight throughout the day, displaying great obstinacy in holding all their positions, and splendid courage and skill in their treatment of the rebels. On July 2, Buford's division

held a position on our left at Gettysburg until relieved by the Third Corps, when it was directed to take post at Westminster, to assist in guarding the army trains at that point. On June 29, Gregg's division moved by the right flank of the army on Westminster, covering the country toward York and Carlisle by reconnaissances and patrols. Kilpatrick's division advanced from Frederick City, on June 29, direct to the front on Hanover by way of Littlestown. On the morning of the 30th, they enemy was repulsed, losing in full force. After a gallant fight, the enemy was repulsed, losing one battle-flag, and retreated in the direction of Carlisle. On July 1, they were pursued as far as Berlin, by the way of Abbottstown, a detachment under Lieutenant-Colonel Alexander, chief of staff, proceeding as far as Rosstown. Kilpatrick's division on July 2 moved toward Gettysburg from the direction of Heidlersburg, to prevent the enemy from concentrating his forces by that road, and to protect our right flank from being turned. Late in the afternoon, this division met the rebel cavalry enemy was driven from his position. The division was then ordered to Two Taverns, which it reached at daylight. It being now apparent that the rebel army intended making a vigorous attack on the left of the position held by our army on the heights of Gettysburg, General Kilpatrick was directed to move to the right of the enemy's line, connect with Merritt's brigade, ordered up from Emmitsburg, and attack the enemy in flank and rear, as

