
well as prevent our own flank from being turned, Custer's brigade of the division, remaining on our right in connection with General Gregg. General Kilpatrick did valuable service with the First Brigade, under General Farnsworth, in charging the enemy's infantry, and, with the assistance of Merritt's brigade and the good execution of their united batteries, caused him to detach largely from his main attack on the left of our line. It was in one of these brilliant engagements that the noble and gallant Farnsworth fell, heroically leading a charge of his brigade against the rebel infantry. Gifted in a high degree with a quick perfection and a correct judgment, and remarkable, for his daring and coolness, his comprehensive gaps of the situation on the field of battle and the rapidity of his actions had already distinguished General Farnsworth among his comrades in arms. In his death was closed a career that must have won the highest honors of his profession. On June 30, immediately after the fight of Kilpatrick at Hanover, the enemy hastily withdrew his forces from York and Carlisle and began to concentrate on Gettysburg. As soon as this was known Gregg's division was directed to leave one brigade(Huey's) to cover the depot at Westminster, and move with the other two brigades toward Gettysburg, to take up a position on the right of our line of battle, and prevent the enemy from turning the flank and gaining the rear. This position was established about noon of July 2, and was at the intersection of the Gettysburg and Hanover turnpike with the road which ran in rear of our line of battle. The enemy attacked this point late in the evening with two regiments deployed, but were compelled to retire. On July 3, Custer's brigade, of Kilpatrick's division, having occupied the position of Gregg's division of the day before, the latter was posted three-quarters of a mile nearer the Baltimore and Gettysburg turnpike. About noon the enemy threw a heavy force of cavalry against this position, with the intention of gaining our rear. This attack was met and handsomely defeated by General Gregg, who reports several fine charges made by the First Michigan Cavalry, of Custer's brigade, and the First New Jersey and Third Pennsylvania Cavalry, of his own division. The enemy withdrew from his position with heavy loss, and evacuated his lines that night. Custer's brigade then proceeded to join its division on our left. The grand attack of General Lee's army on July 3, on the left of our line at Gettysburg, having been successfully repulsed and defeated, orders were given for the cavalry to gain his rear and line of communication, and harass and annoy him as much as possible in his retreat. Buford's division started from Westminster, passed through Frederick City, where it was joined by Merritt's brigade from Gettysburg, and proceeded to the vicinity of Williamsport on July 6, where the enemy's pickets were driven in to within a half mile of his trains, at the town. A small train and some 40 mules were captured, but the enemy was in too strong force to permit further damage at this point. From July 7 to 15, this division had a succession of combats with the enemy, the particulars of which are fully given in General Buford's report. These actions were always in our favor, and showed a decided superiority on the part of our troops.

