
Kilpatrick's division passed through Emmitsburg on July 4, without halting, was joined by Huey's brigade, of Gregg's division, and moved on toward Monterey. After a series of fierce engagements with the enemy's cavalry, in which this command was always successful and distinguished, a very large train was captured and destroyed, and 1, 360 prisoners, 1 battle-flag, and a large number of animals taken. On July 6, while Buford attacked at Williamsport, Kilpatrick's division attacked the enemy at Hagerstown. The particulars of this engagement are given in General Kilpatrick's report. Until July 14, this division was posted on the right of the army. It was constantly engaged with the enemy, as was Buford's division, on the left, and Huey's brigade, of Gregg's division, in the center. In the pursuit of the enemy from Gettysburg, Gregg's division acted in detachments. Huey's brigade, as above mentioned, moved with Kilpatrick. Colonel Gregg's brigade, of Gregg's division, followed up the enemy by the way of Cashtown, came up with him near Greenwood, and found the road filled with broken-down wagons, abandoned limbers, and caissons filled with ammunition. A large number of prisoners were captured and sent into Gettysburg. The pursuit was continued to Marion and Chambersburg. From thence this brigade rejoined its division at Boonsborough. McIntosh's brigade, of Gregg's division, was placed at Emmitsburg, to prevent any raids on our rear by the enemy's cavalry. It hem formed part of General Neill's command, to follow up the enemy on the Fairfield road, after which duty this brigade joined its division at Boonsborough. On July 14, General Gregg, with McIntosh's and Greff's brigades, of his division, crossed the Potomac at Harper's Ferry, and quickly drove a force of the enemy's cavalry back upon Charlestown. The entire rebel army having effected a crossing of the Potomac on that day, Gregg was re-enforced by Huey's brigade, and directed to again the flank and area of the rebels, and harass them as much as possible. He marched to Shepherdstown, found the roads to Martinsburg and Winchester strongly picketed, and Huey's brigade not having joined him, he waited until the 16th, when the enemy attacked him in force. A spirited contest was maintained until some time after dark, when the enemy withdrew. A large quantity of bacon and flour was captured by our troops at Shepherdstown. General Greff speaks of the high soldierly qualities exhibited by his officers and men on that occasion. On July 14, both Buford's and Kilpatrick's division pursued the rebels to Falling Waters, capturing may prisoners; a good deal of abandoned property also fell into our hands. The enemy's rear guard made an obstinate resistance near Falling Waters, but was dispersed by General Kilpatrick, who took from them, among other trophies, three infantry battle-flags. On July 15, Buford's and Kilpatrick's divisions moved to Berlin obtain supplies. Here the campaign of Gettysburg properly end. The pursuit of the rebel army through Loudoun Valley to the Rappahannock River was made by the cavalry in detachments, of whose movements the reports of the division and brigade commanders give full details. In reviewing the conduct of the cavalry corps in this campaign, it become a proud gratification to call the attention of the major-general commanding to the devoted spirit and resolution that animated

