
the officers and throughout all the difficulties, privations, trials, and dangers they had constantly to meet, and which they overcame so gloriously. Not a single mishap occurred to mar the recollection of their mobile and brilliant deeds. A report of this kind can only mention the names of those in position and for distinguished service, but I cordially indorse all the recommendations of the subordinate commanders. Brigadier-Generals Buford, Gregg, and Kilpatrick have proved themselves distinguished as division commanders, and I tender to them my warmest thanks for the intelligence and harmony with which they have invariably and skillfully executed every design transmitted from these headquarters. Brigadier-Generals Merritt and Custer, brigade commanders, have increased the confidence entertained in their ability and gallantry to lead troops on the field of battle. Colonel Devin, Sixth New York Cavalry; Colonel Gamble, Eight Illinois; Colonel Gregg, Sixteenth Pennsylvania; Colonel McIntosh, Third Pennsylvania; Colonel Huey, Eight Pennsylvania Cavalry, in command of brigades, are entitled to mention for their meritorious and gallant conduct throughout the campaign. The following-named officers of the staff were conspicuous for the zeal, intelligence, and daring with which they discharged their arduous and dangerous service, not infrequently having to pass through the enemy's forces to reach our own:Lieutenant Colonel A. J. Alexander, assistant adjutant-general and chief of staff; Colonel G. A. H. Blake, First U. S. Cavalry, commissary of musters; Lieutenant Colonel A. S. Austin, commissary of subsistence; Lieutenant Colonel C. Ross Smith, Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry, ordnance officer; Lieutenant Colonel W. H. Crocker, inspector-general; Surg. G. L. Pancoast, medical director; Captain John Green, Second U. S. Cavalry, assistant inspector-general; Newhall, Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry, assistant inspector-general; Captain V. E. von Koerber, acting topographical engineer; First Lieutenant J. W. Spangler, Sixth U. S. Cavalry, acting assistant quartermaster; Asst. Surg. G. M. McGill, medical department; First Lieutenant W. M. Taylor, Eight Illinois Cavalry, ambulance officer; First Lieutenant Clifford Thomson, First New York Calvary, aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant L. Walker, Fifth U. S. Cavalry, aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant G. W. Yates, Fourth Michigan Infantry, aide-de-camp; Captain G. A. Crocker, Sixth New York Cavalry, acting aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant C. B. McClellan, Sixth U. S. Cavalry, acting aide=de-camp; First Lieutenant James F. Wade, Sixth U. S. Cavalry, acting aide-de-camp; Second Lieutenant E. B. Parsons, Eight New York Cavalry, acting aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant J. G. Birney, Seventh Michigan Cavalry, acting aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant D. W. Littlefield, Seventh Michigan Calvary, acting aide-de-camp. A report of casualties of the Cavalry Corps during the campaign in Pennsylvania, Maryland, and Virginia, from June 28 to July 31, is inclose. Captain J, M. Robertson and Tidball, Second U. S. Artillery, commanding the First and Second Brigades of Horse Artillery, respectively, rendered the most valuable service in their respective position.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac.

