
quarters Army of the Potomac, that there were no guns captured by the enemy from the Cavalry Corps during the Pennsylvania and Maryland campaigns. The accompanying tabular statement of the guns captured by the division of my command during the same campaigns is respectfully forwarded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. PLEASONTON,

Major- General, Commanding Corps.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac.

Inclosure.

Report of guns captured by the the Calvary Corps, Army of the Potomac, during the Pennsylvania and Maryland Campaigns.Command.Caliber.Locality.Date.Number.First Division 10-pounder ParrottFalling Waters, Md.July 14, 18631Second Division(*) do do July 14, 18632Third Division................Total3
A. PLEASONTON

Major-General, Commanding Corp.

C. C. SUYDAM

Assistant Adjutant-General

Headquarter Cavalry Corps, Culpeper Court-House, Va., September 21, 1863

Numbers 337. Reports of Brigadier General John Buford, U. S. Army, commanding First Division
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,Aldie, Va., June 24, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that at 12 o'clock on the night of the 20th instant, the brigadier-general commanding the corps gave me instructions to move my whole division at 2 a. m. on the 21st to MIDDLEBURG. Then night was extremely dark. Nearly the whole of the division was on duty, very much divided, and without rations or forage. To concentrate and draw supplies which had arrived during the night, and to move au so short a notice, proved to be impracticable. The command, however, got off shortly after daylight, without supplies, and reached Middleburg in season for the day's operations. The Reserve, Brigade, which had been sent to General Gregg the day before, joined me at Middleburg. From Middleburg I started to turn the enemy's left flank. On reaching Goose Creek, I took the command up the right bank of the reaching Goose Greek, I took the command up the right bank of the creek, over a most difficult country, and came up to the enemy on his

extreme left, in a position where I could not turn him. I then

---------------

*Sic. But see Kilpatrick's report, p. 990, where the Third Division claims the captures.

---------------

