
of both. The people give sell the men something to eat, but I can't stand that way of subsisting; it causes dreadful straggling. Should I have to fall back, advise me by what route.

Respectfully,

JNO. BUFORD.

Major-General REYNOLDS.

GETTYSBURG, June 30-10. 40 p. m.

I have the honor to state the following facts: A. P. Hill's corps, composed of Anderson, Heth, and Pender, is massed back of Cashtown, 9 miles from this place. His pickets, composed of infantry and artillery, are in sight of mine. There is a road from Cashtown running through Mummasburg and Hunterstown on to York pike at Oxford, which is terribly infested with roving detachments of cavalry. Rumor says Ewell is coming over the mountains from Carlisle. One of his escort was captured-to-day near Heidlersburg. He says Rodes, commanding a division of Ewell's has already crossed the mountains from Carlisle. When will the reserve be relieved, and where are my wagons?I have no need of them, as I can find no forage. I have kept General Reynolds informed of all that has transpired. The inclosed* is in reply to last dispatch.

I am, m very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

General PLEASONTON.

[Indorsment]

Respectfully forward. A report from General Buford and one from General Kilpatrick. Kilpatrick has done very well.

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,Gettysburg,

July 1, 1863-10. 10 a. m.

The enemy's force (A. P. Hill's) are advancing on me at this point, and driving my pickets and skirmishers very rapidly. There is also a large force at Heidlersburg that is driving my pickets at that point from that direction. General Reynolds is advancing, and is within 3 miles of this point with his leading division. I am positive that the whole of A. P. Hill's force is advancing.

JNO. BUFORD

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

General MEADE, Commanding Army of the Potomac.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,July 1, 1863-3. 20 p. m.

I am satisfied that Longstreet and Hill have made a junction. A tremendous battle has been raging since 9. 30 a. m., with varying success. At the present moment the battle is raging on the road to Cashtown, and within short cannon-range of this town. The enemy's

---------------

*Not identified.

+Of same date, made by Alexander, p. 987

---------------

