
line is a semicircle on the height, from north to west. General Reynolds was killed early this morning. In my option, there seems to be no directing person.

JNO. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

General Pleasonton.

P. S. -We need help now.

HAGERSTOWN AND SHARPSBURG PIKE,

Midway between the two places, July 7, [1863].

(Received 11. 45 p. m.)

GENERAL: I attempted to take Williamsport yesterday, but found too large a force of infantry and artillery. After a long fight, I withdrew to this place. Heavy forces were coming into Williamsport all night. There are a good many wagons at Williamsport. There is no bridge there. Troops and wagons are being ferried across in two flat-boats very slowly. I cant do nothing with the enemy save observe him. There is nothing at Sharpsburg.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Comdg. First Division,

Major-General FRENCH.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION,Boonsborough, July 8, 1863.

I have had a very rough day of it. Early this morning the enemy advanced upon me in a pretty strong force (cavalry, infantry, and artillery). During the first part of the day they pressed me severely, and came near the town. Toward night, I turned the tables upon them, and drove them across the Antietam, toward Hagerstown and Williamsport. You never saw the division behave better. My loss os not heavy. The artillery fire was very hot. All of my fighting had to be on foot. The river is 5 feet higher than before, and rising. I have drawn in close to this place, to sleep. My train has been interfered with by the Eleventh Corps. I hope it may arrive in the night. There are no rebs this side of Antietam; none on the old battle-ground, and none at Sharpsburg. Plenty of them, however, can be found between Greencastle and Williamsport and between Hagerstown and Williamsport. Hurrah for Vicksburg.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

JNO. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Colonel ALEXANDER,

Chief of Staff, Cavalry Corps.

(Received by General Pleasonton"during the night", and forwarded to army headquarters July 9, 1863.)
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION,Three-fourth of a mile east of Funkstown, July 10, 1863.

GENERAL: I have been fighting Fitzburg Lee's, Hampton's and Jones' brigades, have driven them back upon Longstreet's whole

