
corps, which occupies the crest beyond the Antietam. My information is that the whole of Lee's army is in the vicinity of Hagerstown, Jones' Cross-Roads, and extending toward Williamsport. His line will be along the Antietam. He has a large force in front of a bridge a mile below Funkstown. I don't care about going any farther just now. I will cease firing, and try to watch their movements. Staff officers have been all over the section, examining ground and measuring distances.

Respectfully,

JNO. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Headquarters first cavalry division,

AUGUST 27, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the First Cavalry Division, from its crossing the Potomac at Edwards Ferry, on June 27, to its crossing of the Rappahannock on August 1:After passing the Potomac on the upper pontoon bridge, the division marched over almost impassable roads, crossing the Monocacy near its mouth by a wretched ford, and bivouacked on the east side of the mountains 3 miles from Jefferson, being halted there by the whole train of General Stahel's division blockading the road through the mountains. June 28, the division moved through Jefferson, and went into camp near Middletown, for the purpose of shoeing and refitting. June 29, the Reserve Brigade was detached and moved to Meachanicstown. The First and Second Brigades moved through Boonsborough, Cavetown, and Monterey Springs, and encamped near Fairfield, within a short distance of a considerable force of the enemy's infantry. The inhabitants knew of my arrival and the position of the enemy's camp, yet not one of them gave me a particle of information, nor even mentioned the fact of the enemy's presence. The whole community seemed stampeded, and afraid to speak or to act, often offering as excuses for not shoving some little enterprise. "The rebels will destroy our houses if we tell anything". Had any one given me timely information, and acted as guide that night, I could have been surprised and captured or destroyed this force, which proved next day to be two Mississippi regiments of infantry and two guns. June 30, the two brigades moved out very early to go to Gettysburg, via Fairfield. At the latter place my advance ran upon the force referred to. I determined to feel it and drive it, if possible, but, after a little skirmishing, found that artillery would have to be necessarily used. Resolved not to disturb them, for fear cannonanding from that quarter might disarrange the plans of the general commanding. Fairfield was 4 or 5 miles west of the route assigned me, and I did not wish to bring on an engagement so far from the road I was expected to be following. I immediately turned my column toward Emmitsburg without serious molestation, and was soon on my proper road and moving on Gettysburg, where I had reason to suppose I should find some of General Stahel's[Kilpatrick's] cavalry. We entered Gettysburg in the afternoon, just in time to meet the enemy entering the town, and in good season to drive him back before his getting a foothold. He withdrew toward Cashtown, leaving his pickets about 4. 1/2 miles from Gettysburg.

