
ers on our left held its own until relieved by General Sickles' corps, after which it moved to Taneytown, and bivouacked for the night. The nest day, July 3, it moved to Westminster, to guard the trains of the army at that point. July 4, the division marched toward Frederick, en route to Williamsport. July 5, reached Frederick, drew supplies, and remained all night. July 6, the whole division (the Reserve Brigade having joined the night before) marched at 4. a. m. toward Williamsport, to destroy the enemy's trains, which were reported to be crossing the Potomac into Virginia. At about 5. p. m., when near Saint James' College, the enemy's pickets were discovered, driven in, and preparations made to capture the town. The enemy was driven handsomely to within half a mile of his trains, at the town, when he came out strong enough to prevent our farther progress. General Merritt's brigade, with Graham's battery, was on the right, Colonel Gamble's(First) brigade on the left, and Colonel Devin's (Second) brigade on the left rear as reserves. The enemy made an attack upon Gamble, who had posted his men under shelter, and who held his fire until the rebel line came within short carbine range, when he opened upon it, doing terrible execution, and driving it back into its stronghold. This was repeated with similar success. In Merritt's front the enemy made no direct attack, but were so obstinate that General Merritt could not dislodge them without too much sacrifice. T he enemy, however, attempted to turn our right with a brigade of infantry. This attempt was most admirably foiled by General Merritt. While our hottest contest was in progress, General Kilpatrick's guns were heard in the direction of Hagerstown, and as they grew nearer, I send word to him to connect with my right for mutual support. The connection was made, but was of no consequence to either of us. Just before dark, Kilpatrick's troops gave way, passing to my rear by the right, and were closely followed by the enemy. It now being dark, outnumbered, and the First and Reserve Brigades being out of ammunition, Devin was ordered to relieve Gamble and a portion of Merritt's troops. This being done, I ordered the command to fall back, Devin to hold his ground until the entire road to the Antietam was clear. Devin handsomely carried out his instructions, and the division bivouacked on the road to Boonsborough. The expedition had for its object the destruction of the enemy's trains, supposed to be at Williamsport. This, I regret so say, was not accomplished. The enemy was too strong for me, but he was severely punished for his obstinacy. His casualties were more than quadruple mine. Colonel Chapman, with his regiment, dashed off to the road leading form Falling Waters too Williamsport, and destroyed a small train of grain, and returned with about 40 mules and their harness. At Williamsport, Captain Graham fought his battery with marked ability, and to the admiration of all witnesses. The officers and men behaved with their usual courage, displaying great unwillingness to fall back, and requiring repeated orders before they did so. July 7, the division moved to Boonsborough, the Reserve Brigade campaign well in advance on the Hagerstown road, after having a successful cavalry brush with the enemy's advance, of which I have as yet received no report.

