
July 23, whole division concentrated at Barbee's Cross-Roads, and remained until the 26th, when the division took position at Warrenton and Fayetteville, picketing the Rappahannock River from Sulphur Springs to Kelly's Ford. During the whole campaign, from June 27 to July 31, there has been no shirking or hesitation, no tiring on the part of a single man so far as I have seen; the brigade commanders report none. To General Merritt and Colonels Gamble and Devin, brigade commanders, I given my heartfelt thanks for their zeal and hearty support. Neither of them ever doubted the feasibility of an order, but on its reception obeyed its dictates to the letter. My staff-Captains[Charles E.]Norris, Keogh, [Craig]Wadsworth, and Bacon, and Lieutenants Mix, P. Penn Gaskill, Dean, [Albert P.]Morrow, [Malcomb H.] Wing, and [George M.] Gillchrist-were the fire was hottest, and were of immense assistance in conveying orders on the field was hottest, and were of immense assistance in conveying orders on the field of battle, and seeing that they were obeyed. During the campaign they were all under heavy fire on different occasions, and for coolness and gallantry cannot be excelled in this army. Lieutenant[Aaron B] Jerome, signal corps, was ever the alert, and through his intrepidity and fine glasses on more than one occasion kept me advised of the enemy's movements when no other means were available. Surgeon Hard, Eight Illinois Cavalry, surgeon -in-chief to the division, deserve great credit for his zealous and untiring attention and labors with the sick and wounded. Through his exertions their sufferings have been greatly alleviated, their wants supplied, and many lives saved. Many wounded soldiers are indebted to him for his timely aid on the battle-field, who but for his energy, would have shared the fate of many poor fellows who had less attentive surgeons. I transmit with this the reports of the brigade commanders. The First Brigade captured 854 head of beef-cattle and 602 sheep at Chester Gap, which were turned over to the subsistence department at Markham, July 24.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel C. ROSS SMITH,

Chief of Staff, Cavalry Corps.

[Inclosure]

Recapitulation of Casualties in the various engagement of July, 1863, in the First Calvary DivisionK	Killed. T Total.W	Wounded. A Aggregate.M	Missing. -----Officers.--------Enlisted men.---Command.KWMTKWMTARemarks.First Brigade16....7126428104111At Gettysburg, Pa., July 1 and 2Second Brigade................34132020Do.Reserve Brigade....75122050271341353At Gettysburg, Pa., July 3.Total(*)11351935118312465484
---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 185.

---------------

