HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,August 2, 1863.

I have the honor to report that at 3 a. m. yesterday my division was massed at Rappahannock Station for the purpose of crossing the river at that point. Through mismanagement of some kind. I was not able to cross over the division before 11 a. m. Shortly after crossing, I became engaged with Hampton's and Jone's brigades, commanded in person by Stuart. He evidently did not intend to allow me to gain any information of Lee's whereabouts, and made most obstinate resistance. By keeping my men well in hand, I managed to drive him back to within 1. 1/2 miles of Culpeper, where I met a heavy force of infantry belonging to A. P. Hill's corps. I then ordered everybody to fall back, and was followed and pressed by at least 5. 000 infantry and three batteries as far as Brandy Station. The fighting was very handsomely executed; there were several charges, and sabers were used with success. My casualties will exceed 100; * the enemy's loss exceed mine. As Stuart was driven, he carried with him every citizen and negro. The prisoners say Lee's main army is toward Gordonsville. All of Hill's corps is at Culpeper. The infantry prisoners belong to Pender's division. Pender is dead. Stuart has not been relieved from the cavalry. Merritt fought beautifully yesterday. Nearly everybody did well.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Colonel A. J. ALEXANDER,

Chief of Staff, Cavalry Corps.

Numbers 338. Reports of Colonel William Gamble, Eight Illinois Cavalry, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST CAVALRY BRIGADE,June 22, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the part taken by this brigade in the cavalry fight of yesterday. This brigade-composed of the Eight New York, Eight Illinois, three squadrons Third Indiana, and two squadrons Twelfth Illinois Cavalry, with one section of the First U. S. Artillery, under Lieutenant Michalowski, in all about 1, 600 strong-left Aldie at 5 a. m. ; marched to Middleburg; from thence west across a ford at Goose Creek. The rebel skirmishers occupying the opposite bank under cover of a stone wall at the ford, one squadron of the Third Indiana Cavalry was dismounted, and, with the advance guard deployed, drove the rebels from the opposite bank, when the column crossed, drove the rebels from the opposite bank, when the column crossed, and advanced south on the Upperville road. Encountered the enemy 1 mile from the ford, on the right of the road; deployed the column in line of battle, and a few well-directed shells into the enemy's column dispersed him rapidly in retreat through the woods southward. One mile farther, found the enemy behind stone walls, near a house;

---------------

*See p. 194

---------------

