
against the enemy prevented our left from being turned, and saved a division of our infantry. My brigade fought well under disadvantageous circumstances against a largely superior force. Every officer and soldier did his duty. The list of casualties is large, but could not be less, considering the position we occupied. Major Lemon, Third Indiana, was mortally wounded, since dead; Lieutenant Conroe, Twelfth Illinois Cavalry killed; Captain Fisher and Lieutenant Voss, same regiment wounded; Captain Follet, Eight New York, severely wounded; Captain Martin, Third Indiana, wounded; Captain Morris, Eight Illinois Cavalry, serving on my staff, was wounded, and one of my orderlies killed. Tidball's horse battery, under Lieutenant Clef, attached to my brigade, was worked faithfully, did good execution, and fully sustained its former high reputation. This brigade had the honor to commence the fight in the morning and close it in the evening.

NEAR WILLIAMSPORT, MD., JULY 6.

This brigade was ordered to engage the enemy on the left of the Boonsborough road, near Williamsport, the Reserve Brigade being on the right of the road. The Third Indiana Cavalry was ordered to capture and destroy a train of seven wagons of the enemy on our left, on the Downsville road, which was successfully accomplished, making prisoners of the drivers and those in charge of the train. The brigade was then placed in line of battle, and three-fourths of it dismounted to driven in the enemy's skirmishers; and Tidball's battery of four guns, placed in position, supported by the balance of the by the balance of the mounted men, opened on the enemy, many times our superior in numbers, and did excellent executing; the dismounted men in the meantime, keeping up a sharp carbine fire, drove in the rebel pickets on their reserve. The dismounted Major Medill, Eighth Illinois Cavalry, who fell, mortally wounded. We held our position until dark, and were then relieved by Colonel Devin's brigade, and ordered to fall back to Jones' Cross-Roads, in the delay being caused by Kilpatrick's division having been driven back in confusion from the direction of Hagerstown, completely blockading the road in our rear, making it impassable for several hours.

NEAR BOONSBOROUGH, MD., JULY 8.

The enemy was reported advancing on the Hagerstown road. General Buford ordered my brigade to take position on the crest of the ridge on the right of the road to Hagerstown, about 1. 1/2 miles from Boonsborough, my dismounted men thrown, out to the front and in the strip of woods on the right of the road; the battery in position in the center of the line, supported by the mounted men. The rebels moved forward to drive in our skirmishers, supported by their battery, but after a sharp contest were unable to drive me from my position on the right. The enemy, however, gradually worked round on the left, driving in the skirmishers of Kilpatrick's division; placed a section so as to bring a cross-fire on my brigade, when I was ordered to fall back on Boonsborough. Afterward Kilpatrick's division was relieved on the left and placed on the right but being unable to dislodge the enemy from the woods I formerly occupied,

