
York road, on the extreme right, to the left of the First Brigade, on the Cashtown road. The infantry not having arrived, and the enemy's artillery fire increasing, I was ordered to retire gradually, as thy succeeded in getting the range of my position. This I effected in successive formations in line to the rear by regiment, in the face of the enemy, the troops behaving well, and forming with perfect coolness and order. About this time, my skirmishers on the right were forced back by the advance of the enemy's line of battle, coming from the direction of Heidlesburg. Knowing the importance of holding that point until the infantry could arrive and be placed in position, I immediately placed the Ninth New York is support, and, dismounting the rest of my available force, succeeded in holding the rebel line in check for two hours, until relieved by the arrival of the Eleventh Corps, when I was ordered to mass my command on the right of the York road and hold that approach. While in that position-immediately in front of the town, the command faced to the front and my pickets on the York road advanced three-quarters of a mile-heavy fire of shells was opened on us from one of our own batteries on Cemetery Hill, immediately in my rear. The fire becoming very hot and persistent, and many of the shells bursting among us, I was led to suppose for a moment that the enemy had succeeded in gaining that position, and I immediately removed my command into the town, the column being shelled the whole distance. After I had retired, the battery turned its attention to my pickets on the road, and shelled them out. I was then ordered to the Emmitsburg road, where the brigade was formed in line, in rear of the batteries of the division, with its right flank resting on the town. The enemy, having gained the York road, entered the town immediately after my pickets retired, and, passing through with their sharpshooters, attacked the flank of the brigade, killing and wounding several men and horses. I immediately dismounted one squadron of the Ninth New York, who with their carbines, drove them some distance into the town, punishing them severely. The brigade was then ordered to the extreme left, where it bivouacked for the night. The next morning, July 2, while I was engaged reconnoitering in rear of the enemy's right, our sharpshooters became engaged with a division of the enemy advancing to feel our lines in front of my position. I immediately dismounted and deployed two squadrons in support of Berdan's Sharpshooters(who were engaged in my front), and formed the brigade into line on the left of the First, with one section of Tidball's battery in position. The enemy not pressing his advance, and the Third Corps coming into position, we were ordered to march to Taneytown, where we bivouacked, and marched the next morning, July 3, to Westminster. The brigade was here ordered to refit and shoe their horses, but on the following day (Sunday) we were ordered to march with the division to Frederick. Bivouacked outside of the town that night, and the next day we were ordered with the division to advance by Boonsborough to Williamsport.

BATTLE OF WILLIAMSPORT, MD.

On arriving neat Williamsport, I found our batteries engaging the enemy, supported by parts of the First and Reserve Brigades a part of which were also dismounted and engaged with the enemy's in

