
iamsport. I deployed two squadrons to the front as skirmishers, connecting with those on the right and ordered Major Beardsley, Sixth New York, to advance to the hill on the left of the Williamsport road. The enemy having gained possession of and established a battery on the height on the right, completely commanding the Williamsport road, Major Beardsley was unable to reach the hill, but was forced to retire into the woods under a hot fire. He, however, retained the latter position for two hours without loss. In the meantime my skirmishers had been more or less engaged, but about 2. p. m the enemy being re-enforced, a determined and vigorous attack was made on my position. I was forced to dismount the whole of the Seventeenth Pennsylvania and Sixth New York, which held the enemy with varying success, sometimes being forced back and again regaining their lost ground. I was obliged to relieve those engaged with others as their ammunition became expended, so that by 5. 30 p. m. my whole command had been engaged, and I had not a dozen cartridges left. I was, therefore, obliged to retire the brigade, after notifying General Kilpatrick of my action. One regiment of his command had been put in on my front about 3. 30 p. m., but could not have held the position for ten minutes had I withdrawn sooner, as proved by the fact that sa soon as my brigades withdrawn the enemy carried the position nearly up to the turnpike, and was only held in check by the batteries posted near the road. Our men behaved splendidly, holding and even driving the enemy with their pistols after their carbine ammunition was expended. About 6 p. m. I was ordered to advance to the extreme front and right, and support the First Brigade, then rapidly driving the enemy up the turnpike. I advanced as ordered, forming in the fields in rear of the First Brigade, under the fire of the enemy's battery, and closing up in support until ordered at dark to retire, when the brigade returned, and bivouacked between Boonsborough and the Gap.

BATTLE OF BEAVER CREEK, MD.

On the following morning, July 9, the brigade again advanced with the division to a point 2. 1/2 miles in front of Boonsborough, where it was halted and massed in the fields. About 5. 30 p. m. the division was ordered to advance, and crossing Beaver Creek, to carry the crest, if practicable, and feel the enemy's position. The, Second Brigade being on the left, I deployed a squadron as skirmishers, mounted, to sweep the left to the bend of Antietam Creek previous to the general advance; directed Lieutenant[Albert O] Vincent to place his section of battery in position on the crest in front of my center dismounted two squadrons as skirmishers, connecting with the left of the First Brigade, and advanced with the division line. After a short but sharp skirmish, the crest was carried in a most gallant manner by the skirmishers alone, and in a space of time remarkably short, considering the position. The squadron on the extreme left running into an extensive cavalry camp and dispersing the force, I immediately followed with the brigade and section of battery, and the enemy was driven for nearly 2 miles, until darkness rendered farther pursuit useless. The brigade bivouacked on the field.

BATTLE OF FUNKSTOWN, MD.

Early the next morning, July 10, the brigade moved forward on the left of the division, and soon became engaged with the enemy's

