
skirmishers, who after a sharp action, were driven along the south bank of Antietam Creek and across the brigades on the left of Funkstown. Ascertaining that the letter place was held by Longstreet's corps, the brigade was halted, and remained in position holding the approaches across the two brigades on the left until about 2 p. m., when, the Sixth Corps having arrived the brigade was ordered to retire behind Beaver Creek, where they remained until the morning of July 14. During this time the country in front of the Second Brigade was thoroughly examined, and the position of the enemy on the left definitely ascertained. FALLING WATERS, MD. On the morning above mentioned[July 14], the two brigades were ordered to advance and feel the enemy's position, the Second Brigade sweeping the country between the Potomac and the road to Falling Waters. On approaching the enemy's works near Downsville, they were found to be evacuated. The brigade rapidly advanced on the left of the First, and soon engaged the skirmishers of the enemy's rear guard, capturing a large number of prisoners and driving the skirmishers ahead of them to Falling Waters. On approaching the crest of the hill at the ford, they were opened upon by the enemy's batteries, posted upon the opposite bank. A regiment was then dismounted, and deployed through the woods on the right of the ford, which the main, force had by this time succeeded in crossing, laying a rear guard to engage our advance. The country in the neighborhood of the ford having been thoroughly scoured, the command returned to Bakersville, and bivouacked for the night. On the next day, July 15, marched by Sharpsburg to Berlin, and went into camp. Throughout the whole of these sharp and rapidly succeeding engagements, the men have behaved like veterans-as most of them now are-not a single instance if misbehavior having been brought to my notice. The officers were also prompt, brave, and efficient in the execution of their duties. The brigade staff-Captain[Harrison] White and Lieutenants[J. Henry]Manhken, [Raymond L.]Wright, and [James]Cating-have rendered invaluable service in conducting reconnaissances, ascertaining the position of the enemy's lines, and transmitting orders on the battle-field, and to them, as much as to myself, is owing whatever success has attended the operations and dispositions of the brigade. When all have done so nobly it is hard to discriminate, but if any one named deserves to be mentioned above that of others for cool and daring bravery and valuable services rendered on many occasions, it is that of Second Lieutenant John. W. Blunt, Troop M. Sixth New York Cavalry. Majors Anderson and Reinhold, Seventeenth Pennsylvania Cavalry; Captains Hanley, Corrigan, and Bentley, Night New York Cavalry, and Pierce and Heermance(wounded at Boonsborough), Sixth New York Cavalry, were also distinguished for bravely and efficient service. Corporal[John W] Shumaker, Third West Virginia(taken prisoner scouting without the enemy's lines at Gettysburg); Sergeants[Silas N.]Pierce and [Lorenyd D.]Coal, Sixth New York Cavalry; Regimental Commissary Sergt. S. M. Whicher, Corpls Alpheus

