
Hoodes and John Samuelson, cavalry, and Sergeant[Samuel] Synder, jr., Seventeenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, were also distinguished for many acts or personal bravely. Assistant Surgeon Morton, Third West Virginia, and surgeon-in chief of Second Brigade, is entitled to special mention for active service on the field, and unremitting and efficient discharge of duty in his care of the wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. C, DEVIN,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

Captain T. C. BACON,

A. A. G., First Cavalry Division.

Numbers 340. Reports of Brigadier General Wesley Merritt, U. S. Army, commanding Reserve Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY RESERVE BRIGADE,Near Petersville, Md., July 18, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit a report of the operations of the Cavalry Reserve Brigade during the battle of the army around Gettysburg. On the 29th, ultimo, we marched, by order, through Frederick City, and encamped near Mechanicstown, Md. At this point the brigade was engaged for two days picketing, scouting, and patrolling the roads through the mountains. Detachments visited Hagerstown, Cavetown, and other important points, keeping headquarters informed as to the movements of the enemy in those localities. On the 2nd instant, we marched to Emmitsburg, were Lieutenant Thompson was killed or captured, attempting to communicate with corps headquarters. On the 3rd instant, in compliance with orders received from corps headquarters. I marched with the brigade about 12 m. to attack the enemy's right and rear, and annoy him, while the battle was progressing on the right. I marched on the Gettysburg road about 4 miles, where my advance and skirmishers were engaged. Here the brigade drove the enemy more than a mile, routing him from strong places, stone fences, and barricade. This fight lasted about four hours(some time after the cannonading had ceased on the right), and was finally brought to a close by a heavy rain. In the meantime, Major Starr, of the Sixth U. S. Cavalry, was detached with his regiment toward Fairfield or Midllestown; engaged a superior force of the enemy, not without success. His regiment lost heavily in officers and men, and I regret to say that the major himself-than whom there is no more gallant soldier in the service-was seriously wounded, losing an arm. The reports of this regiment, since detached, I have not been able to get. They will very materially increase the list of casualties. On the 4th and 5th, we marched to Lewistown, from near Gettysburg, to Frederick City, where the brigade joined the division, from which it had been temporarily detached. On the 6th instant we were engaged with, the rest of the division fighting the enemy near Williamsport. Here the extreme right, under Killpatrick, being driven back, the brigade, after the fight was over, withdrew.

