
right. Was at this time subjected to a lively shelling from the enemy's artillery, by which the Fifth U. S. Cavalry lost 2 horses. Went into camp near Upperville at sundown.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. MASON,

Captain Fifth U. S. Cavalry, Commanding Regiment.

JAMES F., McQUESTEN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Reserve Cavalry Brigade.

No. 342. Report of Captain George C. Cram, Sixth U. S. Cavalry.

CAMP NEAR ALDIE, VA., June 23, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit the following report of the part taken by the Sixth U. S. Cavalry in the operations of June 21; The regiment marched before breakfast from its position on picket near Aldie, in the brigade column and, crossing Goose Creek, was employed a different portions of the day, with the rest of the brigade, as a supporting reserve until reaching the slopes on the higher side of Upperville, when, forming squadron and advancing for some time at a trot, it was suddenly called on to defeat an effort of the enemy on our left flank, the volunteer cavalry at this time being engaged with the enemy in front of us. Instantly breaking from its formation in column of squadrons, and passing through a narrow gap in a stone wall, and reforming on the other side, as well as the time allowed it and the circumstances and ground would permit, moved immediately forward, and, on the command being give, charged up to the enemy, under a harassing artillery fire and over a long stretch of heavy and marshy ground, intersected by a most difficult ditch and terminating in hill of plowed ground, beyond which, on the firm ground in the edge of the woods, the enemy in large force awaited it. The charge was unsuccessful, the most of the horses being so blown that it was impossible to bring or keep them for such a distance at a charging pace. On the regiment rallying and reforming on the nucleus of the second squadron, commanded by Captain Claflin, on more favorable ground, the enemy being within easy reach and everything favorable for a successful charge, for which it was then preparing, the regiment was then ordered to dismount and fight on foot, and was used dismounted, under the cover of stone walls, to protect our left flank, the enemy retiring at the same time into the woods on our front. On being relieved from this position, and the engagement having terminated, it moved in column of squadrons, with the rest of the brigade through the woods and toward the entrance of Ashby's Gap, till it succeeded in attracting the fire of the enemy's artillery, when it was withdrawn, and went into bivouac on the hither side of the town of Upperville. The regiment marched out 12 commissioned officers and 242 enlisted men strong. Its casualties were Second Lieutenant Henry Mcquiston, severely wounded. Private John Might, of Company E, slightly wounded; C. F. H. Reomer, of Company A, mortally; Jacob Couts, of Company G. slightly; [Michael Slattery, Company F, slightly; [Michael Kurnan, Company A, slightly. Privates[Joshua W.] Dubois, Company

