
E, Thomas McKeffrey, Company F, and Nelson H. Turner, Company B, missing. In closing this report, out of justice to my regiment, I would respectfully call the attention of my superiors to the dispiriting circumstances attending the unsuccessful charge, before described. The men were exhausted and worn out by the recent imposition of incessant picket duty in their position near Middleburg. They were taken from behind stone walls which they had been guarding all night and the day before, mounted on horses as famished as themselves, and immediately marched with the column, and at the end of a fatiguing day were required to charge over ground almost impracticable in its nature and 750 paces in extent, as proved by the measurement of experienced officers on the morning of the 22d.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. C. CRAM,

Captain Sixth U. S. Calvary, Comdg. Regiment.

Lieutenant JAMES F. MCQUESTEN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Regular Cavalry Reserve Brigade.

No. 343 Report of Lieutenant Nicholas Nolan, Sixth U. S. Cavalry.

HDRQS. RESERVE CAVALRY BRIGADE, July 27, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 3rd instant the Sixth U. S. Calvary was ordered to proceed in the direction of Fairfield, Pa., for the purpose of intercepting a train of wagons of the enemy, supposed to be in that vicinity. On the arrival of the regiment at Millerstown, the First Squadron, commanded by Captain Cram, was sent in the direction of Fairfield. When about 2 miles from the regiment I saw enemy's cavalry charge in the direction of Millerstown. I immediately notified the squadron commander of the fact. He then moved the squadron on the enemy's right, and charged them, when he(Captain Cram) was captured, I being the only officer then left with the squadron, took command. I found I was entirely cut off from the regiment, and had the enemy on both flanks and rear of me. After the regiment was repulsed from Millerstown, I immediately commenced retreating, disputing every inch of ground with the enemy. Finding the enemy in force, I gradually fell back in the direction of Mechanicstown, where I found the regiment, and also ascertained that the commanding officer was wounded and in the hands of the enemy; Lieutenant Balder killed; Lieutenants Pauding, Wood, Chaffee, and Bould, and Drs. Forwood and Notson missing, and supposed to be in the hands of the enemy; also 290 enlisted men and 292 horses killed, wounded, and missing. I being the senior officer, assumed command of the regiment, which I found in command of Lieutenant L. Henry Carpenter. I then received orders to join the brigade. On my arrival at the brigade, I turned over the command of the regiment to Captain Claflin. On the 7th instant, the regiment was ordered to make a reconnaissance in the direction of Funkstown, under command of Captain Claflin. On arriving in the vicinity of the town, we drove in the enemy's pickets; immediately afterward made dispositions of the regiment to resist the enemy, who was in force. The captain commanding proceeded to the front to reconnoiter, and when about 150

