
yards in front of the regiment (and with the advance guard) was wounded in the shoulder by one of the enemy's sharpshooters. I being the senior officer with the regiment, again assumed command. I immediately proceeded to the front, where my advance guard was posted, when I saw the enemy's cavalry preparing to charge my command. I then made preparations to meet them, but, being overpowered by superior numbers, was forced to fall back; inflicting, however, great damage to the enemy in a running fight of 4. 1/2 miles, my command losing 59 men in killed, wounded, and missing; 10 of the above men were brought in dead by the First U. S. Cavalry same afternoon. In closing my report, I would respectfully call the attention of the general commanding to the following-named officers of the regiment Second Lieutenant T. C. Tupper and Lieutenant L. Henry Carpenter, for their gallantry in rallying the regiment, and for their general bravely throughout the whole affair. I have also to call the attention of the general commanding to the following non-commissioned officers and privates of the regiment. Chief Bugler [Jacob K.] Schuck, who fought his way through the enemy's lines, and rendered great assistance during the engagements of the 3rd and 7th instant; Sergeant[John]McCaffery, Company A, who during the fight a Funkstown shot the enemy's standard-bearer, made a gallant effort to capture the flag, but being overpowered, was unable to accomplish the act; Sergeant[Martin]Schwenk, Company B, who cut his way trough the enemy's lines at Millerstown, Pa., when sent by me to communicate with the regiment, but was unable to accomplish his mission; I also saw him extricate an officer from the hands of the enemy; Sergeant[Michael C.] Gorman, Company I, who extricated an officer from the hands of the enemy, and during the whole engagement acted with the most reckless gallantry; and Private[Patrick] Kelly, of Company H (this man at Fairfield made a desperate effort to capture one of the enemy's standards, at which place he was near losing his life, and rendered great service throughout both engagements). The above non-commissioned officers and one private formed the maintained the honor of the regiment.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NICHOLAS NOLAN,

Second Lieutenant Sixth U. S. Cavalry, Comdg. Regiment.

First Lieutenant JAMES F. MCQUESTEN,

Second U. S. Cavalry, A. A. A. G., Res. Cav. Brigade.

No. 344. Reports of Brigadier General David McM. Gregg, U. S. A. Army commanding Second Division.
HDQRS. SECOND AND THE THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION June 12, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Second and Third Calvary Division's* in the engagement of the 9th instant; Agreeably to my instructions from Brigadier-General Pleasonton,
---------------

*The Second and Third Divisions here reffered to became the Second Division, under orders, Junne 11, 1863.

---------------

