
tery of Horse Artillery, did most excellent service. His sections were charged by the enemy's regiments on all side. Two of his pieces disabled and one serviceable fell into the hands of the enemy but not until 21 of his men were cut down. fighting stubbornly, and nearly all of the horses killed. Although the loss of these pieces is to be regretted, still, the magnificent defense of them establishes in the highest degree the soldierly character of the officers and men of the battery. The service able gun was spiked before the enemy got it. All the regiments of the Third Division were engaged, viz:First Brigade, Colonel J. Killpatrick commanding-Tenth New York Cavalry, Lieutenant Colonel William Irvine commanding; Second New York Calvary, Lieutenant Colonel H. E. Davies, jr., commanding First Maine Cavalry, Colonel C. S. Douty commanding. Second Brigade, Colonel P. Wyndham commanding-First New Jersey, Lieutenant-Colonel Brodrick commanding; First Pennsylvania, Colonel J. P. Taylor commanding; First Maryland, Lieutenant Colonel J. M. Deems commanding. Colonel Duffie reports that division met a regiment of the enemy at Stevensburg; that his advance engaged and defeated it, capturing 1 officer and 57 men, and that his advance was thus engaged at the time he received my order to follow Third Division, and hence was unavoidably delayed in coming to my support. Colonel Duffie reports the good conduct of this troops when engaged during the day. The loss in the Second Division was: Enlisted men killed, 4; wounded, 12; missing, 13. I cannot close this report without favorably mentioning my division staff officers. Surgeon Phillips; Major Gaston, First Pennsylvania Cavalry; Captain H. C. Weir, assistant adjutant-general; Captain J. W. Kester, First New Jersey Cavalry; Captain H. C. Weir, assistant adjutant-general; Captain J. W. Kester, First New Jersey Cavalry; Capt E. A. Tobes, acting commissary of subsistence; Lieuts. W. Phillips and T. J. Gregg, Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry, employed in transmitting my orders, proved their efficiency in the highest degree. Major Gaston and Captain Tobes were captured, but the former escaped his captors. Lieutenant[Clifford]Thomson, aide-de-camp to General Pleasonton, who accompanied me having tendered his services on my staff, performed the duties of an aide, and in a most excellent manner. Accompanying this is a list of casualties in the two divisions*.

Very respectfully., your obedient servant,

D. McM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding. Lieutenant

Colonel A. J. ALEXANDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, September 19, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Second Division, Calvary Corps, in the engagements at Aldie, Middleburg, and Upperville:On June 17, the division left Manassas Junction for Aldie, being the advance division of the Cavalry Corps. Major-General Pleasonton, commanding, accompanied it, and at a point about 9 miles from

---------------

*See p. 169.

---------------

