
In this action all the regiments of the Third Brigade were engaged, and all acquitted themselves well. On the morning of the 21st, the major-general commanding the corps having determined to attack the enemy, I was directed to make a feint in front of the enemy on the turnpike, while the First Division, moving to the right, would attack on the flank. The Second Brigade, Brigadier-General Kilpatrick commanding, being in advance, moved a line of skirmishers against the enemy. This advance drew the fire of his artillery, which was replied to by Fuller's light battery. Our skirmishers became engaged, and after an hour an advance was ordered. The advance of the Second Brigade was so rapid that the enemy was compelled to abandon a gun and caisson which had been disabled. Taking up position after position with his battery of six pieces the enemy stubbornly contested our advance. The heights at Goose Creek were particularly favorable to his resistance, but he advance of the skirmishers of Vincent's brigade of infantry to the edge of the creek, and a gallant charge of the Second and Fourth New York Regiment of cavalry across the bridge, compelled him to abandon this strong position. From Goose Creek to Upperville the retreat of the enemy was rapid. At Upperville the enemy had massed his cavalry, his artillery having been placed in position at Ashby's Gap. Arrived at the enemy, but were momentarily repulsed. The Regular Brigade, of the First Division, which had reported to near Goose Creek, acting under the direct orders of the major-general commanding, was now brought to the front and left of the Second Brigade of my division. The attack by charges now became general and very determined. The First Division was engaged on our right; the very determined. The First Division was engaged on our right; the two brigades(Regular and Second Brigades, Second Division) drove the enemy back into the town and to the left of it. Our artillery was placed in position, and the Second Brigade hurried forward to charge through the town. The charge was made, and an abandoned gun found in the street. The enemy again made a stand at the west, and here expended, their remaining strength in charges, at first successful, but finally changed to a pell-mell retreat toward the Gap. The force in our front united with the fugitives in front of Puford, and, under cover of their guns on the mountain, made a disorderly escape through the Cap. The Regular Brigade and Third Brigade, Second Division, engaged in pursuit of the enemy on the left, and by their rapid advance added to the confusion in the enemy's retreating columns. In these engagements-at Aldie Middleburg, and Upperville-the battle of Brandy Station had demonstrated to the men their superior strength, and in these subsequent operations they felt they had but to encounter the enemy to defeat him. Too much credit cannot be given to Brigadier General J. Kilpatrick and Colonel J. I. Gregg, commanding, respectively, the Second and Third Brigades of this division for the able manger in which they performed their duties as brigade commanders. The accompanying reports of these officers will furnish the detailed accounts of the operations of the respective regiment of their brigades. My several staff officers performed their duties most efficiently; especially may this be said of Surg. W. W. L. Phillips, chief surgeon of this division. Nominal lists of the killed, wounded, and missing in these engage-

