
My loss in killed and wounded about 79 including 7 officers. Huey did not get up until late last night. My two brigades are entirely out of ammunition and rations. The enemy's cavalry moved toward Leetown. What orders?

D. McM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Lieutenant Colonel A. J. ALEXANDER,

A. A. G., Cavalry Corps, Hdqrs. Army of the Potomac.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,July 25, 1863.

COLONEL: The First and Third Brigades, of the Second Division Cavalry Corps, arrived on the battle-field at Gettysburg, July 2 about noon, the Second Brigade having been sent to Westminster. In compliance with orders from Major-General Pleasonton, commanding the corps, I placed these brigades on the extreme right of our line of battle, and at the point of intersection on the Gettysburg and Hanover turnpike with the road which ran in rear of the right of the turnpike. An attempt made to dislodge some of the enemy's sharpshooters posted in front of the center of my line caused the enemy to throw out two regiments deployed. This force advanced against my line, but was soon compelled to withdraw under the admonition of a half dozen will-directed shells and a telling carbine fire from behind a line of stone fence. On the morning July 3, I was again ordered to take a position on the right of our line, and make a demonstration against the enemy. The First and Third Brigades were again posted on the right of the infantry, but about three-fourths of a mile nearer the Baltimore and Gettysburg turnpike. This position was taken because I learned that the First[Second] Brigade, of the Third Division, was occupying my position of the day before. A regiment was dismounted and put in the woods as skirmishers, but the enemy was not found in any considerable force. At 12 m. I received a copy a dispatch from the commander of the Eleventh Army Corps to the major-general commanding the Army of the Potomac, that large columns of the enemy's cavalry were moving forward the right of our line. At the same time I received an order from Major-General Pleasonton, through an aide-de-camp, to send the Firs[Second] Brigade, of the Third Division, to join General Kilpatrick on the left. The First Brigade of my division was sent to relieve the brigade of the Third Division. This change having been made, a strong line of skirmishers displayed by the enemy was evidence that the enemy's cavalry had gained our right, and were about to attack, with the view of gaining the rear of our line of battle. The importance of successfully resisting an attack at this point, which, if succeeded in by the enemy, would have been productive of the most serious consequences, determined me to retain the brigade of the Third Division until the enemy were driven back. General Custer, commanding the brigade, fully satisfied of the intended attack, was well pleased to remain with his brigade. The First New Jersey Cavalry was posted as mounted skirmishers to the right and front in a wood, the Third Pennsylvania Cavalry deployed as dismounted skirmishers to the left and front in open fields, and

