
tenants Pennington and Clarke managed their guns, in forcing them to abandon this line. The First Massachusetts Cavalry were then thrown forward for the purpose of charging, when I receive orders from the general commanding Second and Third Division, by a staff officer, to return and join the Third Division, on the road to Brandy Station. I then withdrew my command, leaving the Third Pennsylvania Cavalry, commanded by Colonel J. Irvin Gregg, and one section of my battery to form the rear guard and retired on the same road by with I had advanced, the enemy following my movements with two regiments of cavalry and one piece of artillery. On approaching the road leading from the Stevensburg road to Brandy Station, I found one squadron of the Tenth New York Cavalry, moved up with pack-mules, fleeing in the greatest disorder toward the Stevensburg road. Upon inquiring the cause, I was informed that the flank had been charged by a party of the enemy, and been thrown into the greatest confusion. This detained me for a half hour. I then moved forward by that road(capturing several of the enemy) to join General Gregg, who ordered me upon arriving to half my command and a relieve the batteries of the First and Third Cavalry Division, and cover the retreat of the Cavalry Corps. All the cavalry having left the ground at this point, I move on the road leading to Beverly Ford the evening following, with two regiments and one gun, at a proper distance. Upon my arrival near Beverly Ford, General Pleasonton directed me to move with one brigade to support General Buford, and send the Second Brigade on the road leading to Rappahannock Ford, to cover the crossing of the Third Division. My command crossed Beverly Ford at about 5 p. m., and was then ordered to join General Gregg at Rappahannock Station, which I did. The regiments which were engaged are as follows:The First Massachusetts, First Rhode Island, Sixth Ohio, and Third Pennsylvania Cavalry, and Battery M(Pennington's), Second U. S. Artillery. The force engaged from this division numbered 1, 600 cavalry and one battery of artillery, six guns.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. N. DUFFIE,

Colonel, Comdg. Second Cavalry Division.

Captain A. J. COHEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST RHODE ISLAND CAVALRY,Near Centreville, Va.,

June 18, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 17th instant I received from the headquarters of the Second Brigade, Second Cavalry Division, the following order:

Colonel A. N. Duffie,

First Rhode Island Calvary:

You will proceed with your regiment from Manassas Junction, by way of Thoroughfare Gap, to Middleburg. On your arrival at that place, you will at once communicate with the headquarters of the Second Cavalry Brigade, and camp for the night. From Middleburg you will proceed to Union; thence by the way of Snickersville to Percyville [Purcellville]; from Percyville [Purcellville] to Wheatland; than passing through Waterford to Noland's Ferry, where you will join your brigade.

