
on both flanks with heavy volleys, yelling to us to surrender. I at once ordered Captain Bixty, the officer commanding the advance, to charge any force in his front, and follow the Aldie road to the point where it connects with the road to White Plains. This order was executed most admirably. Captain Bixby's horse was shot and he himself wounded. My command was in a most hazardous position, the enemy being in front, rear, and on both flanks, and we were intermixed with them for more than an hour, until we struck the road leading to Hopewell Gap. I must openly praise the gallant conduct of the brave officers and men who were fighting side by side with overwhelming numbers of the enemy, with the most determined valor, preferring rather to die then to surrender. I returned here exhausted at 1. 30 p. m. to-day with the gallant debris of my much-loved regiment-4 officers and 27 men. My colors did not fall into the hands of the enemy but were destroyed when they could not be saved. The color-beaver was mortally wounded. I shall praise no one more than another, but I desire to call your attention to the gallant conduct of all the officers and men of the First Rhode Island Cavalry. The following is our loss in killed, wounded, and missing:Lieutenant Colonel J. L. Thompson, Major P. M. Farrington, Asst. Surg. A. A. Mann, Adj. E. B. Parker, Capts. John Rogers, Joshua Vose, Frank Allen, E. E. Chase, J. J. Gould, Arnold Wyman, G. N. Bliss, and A. H. Bixty, First Lieutenant Lathrop B. Shurtleff, C. G. A. Peterson, W. P. Prentiss, Barnard Ellis, and H. P. Barker, Second Lieutenant J. A. Chedel, jr., Simeon A. Brown, and J. M. Fales-20 officers and 248 enlisted men.

With much respect, your obedient servant,

A. N. DUFFIE,

Colonel, Commanding First Rhode Island Cavalry.

The ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 346. Report of Captain Frank Allen, First Rhode Island Cavalry.

ALEXANDRIA, VA., June 22, 1863

SIR: I have the honor to report that about 5 p. m., on the evening of the 17th instant I was sent from Middleburg, where the regiment Kilpatrick at Aldie, accompanied by 2 men. I first attempted to proceed by the main road, but was halted and fired upon by a body of the enemy who, said they were the Fourth Virginia Cavalry. I then returned toward Middleburg, and, leaving the road, attempted to make my way across the country. I found the fields and woods in every direction full of bodies of the enemy. By exercising the greatest care, I succeeded in making my way through them to Little River. Here I encountered 5 of the enemy, and forced them to give me passage. Following the river down, I struck the main road about 1 mile from Aldie, an, by inquiry, learned that our pickets were on that road.

