
I reached Aldie, and delivered my dispatch to General Kilpatrick at 9 p. m. General Kilpatrick informed me that his brigade was so worn out that he could no send any-re-enforcement to Middleburg, but that he would report the situation of our regiment to General Gregg. Returning, he said that General Gregg had gone to state the facts to General Pleasonton. I remained, but received no further orders.

Respectfully submitted.

FRANK ALLEN,

Captain First Rhode Island Cavalry.

Colonel A. N. DUFFIE.

No. 347. Report of Colonel Percy Wyndham, First New York Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade, Third Division. *
HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., THIRD DIV., CAVALRY CORPS,June 10, 1863

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the party my command took in the action of yesterday:After crossing the river and coming up with Colonel Dufie, I turned to the right, and, in obedience to orders from the general commanding, pushed on rapidly to Brandy Station. On arriving at that place I found the enemy strongly posted in the rear and on the right of the station, with batteries planted on the heights near the Barbour house. I immediately formed my command in line of battle, and had the section of artillery attached to it placed in position, and opened on their battery in front of the Barbour house. Observing the enemy breaking away on the left, I ordered a portion of the First Maryland Cavalry, led by Major Russell, to charge on the station, which they did in fine style, capturing a number of the enemy, and bringing away an ambulance and 4 horses captured by our advance guard. I next ordered the section of artillery to advance, as they had completely silenced the battery they had been firing upon, and at the same time ordered the First New Jersey to charge on a battery stationed in rear of the Barbour house, and the Firs Pennsylvania Reserve Cavalry and the balance of the First Maryland to charge the heights on which the house stands. The whole command moved gallantly forward and nobly accomplished the work assigned them. The First Maryland, which consisted of little more than a squadron, led by Lieutenant-Colonel Deens, charged first, but were met by fully a regiment of the enemy, posted behind the buildings and drawn up in the garden and orchard, and, after a brief and spirited fight, were compelled to fall back. The Firs Pennsylvania, coming up, charged next. Colonel Taylor, leading part of the regiment, struck the enemy in front, while Lieutenant-Colonel Gardner, with be balance, dashed on his flank next to the house. Attacked at both points, he was forced back, out off from the house, his rear gained, and driven from his cover into the open plain below, where he was again met by the First Maryland Cavalry, which had rallied. Thus assailed on both sides, his force was completely scattered, a large number being killed, wounded, or captured.

---------------

*Afterward First Brigade, Second Division.

---------------

