
On the morning of the 7th, I moved with my brigade, in advance of General Neill's column, by the mountain road toward Waynesborough, picking up a number of the enemy's stragglers. I reached Waynesborough about 2 p. m. of that day, only two hours behind the rebel army, who, on my approach, burned the brigades over the Antietam. I remained with my brigade near Waynesborough, picketing well out toward the enemy, until the morning of the 10th instant, when I received orders from Major-General Smith, who had assumed command, to move with my brigade through Smithsburg and Cavetown, to ascertain if any enemy was in that locality. Finding none, I retraced my steps toward Leitersburg, and 3 miles to the west of it, and about a mile from Antietam Creek, met the enemy's cavalry, which I drove across that stream, and which I found strongly guarded with cavalry, infantry, and artillery. Having determined the object upon which I was sent, I withdrew my command to Waynesborough. July 12, I received orders from General Neill, who at this time was detached from General Smith's command, to move in conjunction with his brigade toward Funkstown. I was here met by an aide from Major-General Pleasonton, with orders to move to Boonsborough and report to General Gregg, which I did the same day. My brigade continued with the division until the 19th, when, in obedience to orders, I moved to Purcellville, in rear of the Twelfth Corps, arriving there July 20, when I was ordered to report to Major-General Pleasonton for orders. My orders were to proceed to Hillsborough, to draw my supplies from Harper's Ferry, and to scout the country on the opposite side of the Shenandoah toward Charlestown. These orders were obeyed, and valuable information sent to corps headquarters. At 3 a. m. July 23, I received orders to move my command at once to Snickersville, relieve a regiment of the Third Division at Snicker's Gap, and also a regiment of the same division at Ashby's Gap. I remained at Snickersville until July 26, when I withdrew from the Gaps, and moved through Upperville and Middleburg to Warrenton, and reported to Major -General Pleasonton on the evening of July 27. On July 28, I again reported to General Gregg at Warrenton Junction.

I am, captain, very respectfully,

J. B. McINTOSH,

Colonel, Commanding First Cavalry Brigade.

Cap. H. C. WEIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 349. Report of Major Hugh J. Janeway, First New Jersey Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST NEW JERSEY CAVALRY,August 31, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the First New Jersey Cavalry took no part in the engagements at Aldie, Middleburg, and

