
Upperville. When, however, on the 22nd of June the forces retired from toward Aldie, the regiment was ordered to cover the rear on the north of the pike, which it did until the enemy retired toward Middleburg, and the First Brigade was relieved by that of Colonel J. I. Gregg. Our loss, though continually exposed to a heavy fire from sharpshooters and artillery, was but 1 man killed-Louis Vandergrift, of Company D.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HUGH H. JANEWAY,

Major, Comdg. First New Jersey Cavalry.

Colonel J. B. McINTHOSH,

Comdg. First Brig Second Div., Cav. Corps.

No. 350. Report of Colonel John P. Taylor, First Pennsylvania Cavalry.
HDQRS. FIRST PENNSYLVANIA RESERVE CAVALRY,August 31, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to circular from division headquarters, through brigade headquarters, concerning the battles of Aldie, Middleburg, and Upperville, I have the honor to report that during the first day's fight at Aldie, June 18, my regiment was drawn up in reserve, bit not engaged.

On the day following (19th), went on a reconnaissance to Hay Market. On the 21st, acted as reserve at Middleburg.

On the 22d, my regiment was the principal regiment covering the retreat from Upperville to Aldie. The enemy, following up, engaged my regiment at Goose Creek, and skirmished and fought from that point to Aldie.

During the day, Second Lieutenant Amos M. Herrick, Company E, was wounded and taken prisoners. Three horses were lost in action.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

J. P. TAYLOR,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain A. WRIGHT,

A. A. A. G., First Brig., Second Div., Cav. Corps.

No. 351. Report of Major Oliver O. G. Robinson, Third Pennsylvania Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY,September 1, 1863,

CAPTAIN: In accordance with orders received this day, I have the honor to transmit the following report, viz:On June 17, the regiment moved from Manassas Junction, and acting as rear guard of the train, reached Aldie, Va., about 7 p. m.

