
able services and most efficient assistance rendered me by Brigadier-General Warren induce me to nominate him for the commission of major-general, to be assigned to the Second Corps. I consider the efficiency and spirit of this army will be greatly promoted by making this appointment, and have therefore to earnestly urge it. I would also be greatly gratified if the commission of brigadier-general could be bestowed on Colonel Kenner Garrard, One hundred and forty-sixth New York Volunteers, and Colonel Sidney Burbank, Second Infantry.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 19, 1863-9. 30 p. m.

(Received July 20, 12. 50 a. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The Twelfth, Eleventh, and Sixth Corps crossed the river to-day. The position of the army to-night is as follows, viz:

The Third Corps in the vicinity of Wood Grove, the Second Corps in rear of it, and the Twelfth Corps nearly a breast of Hillsborough; the Fifth Corps in the vicinity of Purcellville, the Reserve Artillery in rear of the Fifth Corps, and the Sixth Corps at the crossing of the Lovettsville and Purcellville pike, by the Waterford and Hillsborough road. The First Corps is in the vicinity of Hamilton, and the Eleventh Corps between Waterford and Hamilton. It will be seen from this that the army is moving in three columns. Two divisions of cavalry are in front and on the right flank, those in front moving rapidly to overtake the enemy; a brigade in rear, and two brigades moving to protect the Orange and Alexandria Railroad. The information derived from our scouts represents infantry of the enemy at Front Royal on the 16th, and indicates that his army is moving up the Valley and on Culpeper. After to-day I shall not be in communication with the telegraph until I reach Warrenton.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 21, 1863-10 a. m.

Major-General MEADE,

Army of the Potomac:

It is reported that Hill's corps has moved back to Martinsburg, compelling Kelley to recross the Potomac at Cherry Run. General Foster applies for Brigadier General H. M. Naglee. He will be ordered to return to Fort Monroe report to General Foster.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS AT LINDEN,Crest of Manassas Gap, July 23, 1863-10 p. m.

(Received, via Harper's Ferry, Va., July 25, 8. 40 a. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

On the evening of the 20th, this army was posted on the two pikes from Aldie to Winchester, the cavalry occupying Snicker's and Ash-

7 R R-VOL XXVII, PT I

