
On June 18, the regiment was ordered back to picket the road in rear of wagon train. Remained there until 5 p. m., when the regiment rejoined the brigade and encamped. On the evening of June 19, about 8 p. m, moved with the brigade to Hay Market, reaching that place and encamping about 1 a. m., and the next day picketed the roads leading to Thoroughfare Gap. Remained on picket until the morning of the 21st, when the regiment and brigade moved back to Aldie, and, continuing on the mountain road, passing Middleburg and Upperville, relieve General Buford's cavalry. Regiment went on picket toward Ashby's Gap. On the morning of June 22, the pickets were drawn in. The skirmish line having been formed, two squadrons(eight companies) of our regiment were thrown out in support, the remaining squadron (four companies) being placed in support of the battery. The regiment covered the retiring skirmishers during the entire day, passing through Upperville and Middleburg, until about 6 p. m., when the regiment was relieved, and went into camp near Aldie, Va.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. O. G. ROBINSON,

Major, Commanding.

Captain WRIGHT,

A. A. A. G., First Brig., Second Div., Cav. Corps.

No. 352. Report of Colonel Pennock Huey, Eight Pennsylvania Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade.

HDQUS. SECOND BRIG., SECOND DIV., CAVALRY CORPS,

August 6, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the movements of this command from the time of separating from the Second Cavalry Division at Hanover Junction, Pa., June 30. After leaving Hanover Junction, in pursuance of orders from division headquarters, we arrived at Manchester at 11 p. m., when all the roads were immediately taken up by my pickets, and held until the afternoon of July 3, when I received orders to move my command to Emmitsburg, for the purpose of taking possession of and holding that place. I moved on as far as Westminster, where my command bivouacked, to receive rations and forage. Early on the morning of July 4, I moved forward, arriving at Emmitsburg at 12 m., when I met the command of General Merritt advancing on the same place from the direction of Gettysburg. At 1 p. m. July 4, I received orders to report with my command to General Kilpatrick, who was in pursuit of General Ewell's(late Jackson's)command, which was reported as being in the mountains in the vicinity of Monterey. After moving a short distance from the town, we came in contact with the rebel pickets, who were handsomely driven by the Sixth Ohio Regiment, of my command. The evening was very dark and rainy, affording a fine opportunity for bushwhackers, who succeeded in killing 1 commissioned officer and 4 enlisted men in General Kilpatrick's command. At 3 a. m. July 5 the wagon train was reached at and near Monterey, and 150 wagons captured, together with 1, 500 prisoners, be

