
sides a large number of horses, mules, and contrebands. We moved on to Smithsburg, where we encamped, this brigade taking the east and rear of the village, picketing the roads and approaches in that direction. Very soon the enemy made his appearance, driving in my pickets, when a regiment was sent to their support. A sharp skirmish ensued. The enemy, putting his artillery in position, opened on us and the town. Lieutenant Fuller, Company C, Third U. S. Light Artillery, returning his fire with spirit and effect, soon drove him from the field, after which we moved on to Boonsborough. At 1 a. m. on the morning of the 6th, instant, we moved to Hagerstown, where we met the enemy in force, this brigade taking the left, and fought against greatly superior force for about three hours, when we were obliged to fall back in the direction of Williamsport, taking a position to hold the enemy in check and cover General Kilpatrick's rear, which we did, under a severe fire of shot and shell, until dark, when we followed General Kilpatrick into camp at Boonsborough. Since leaving Emmitsburg my command has lost, in killed, wounded, and missing, 1 commissioned officer and 144 enlisted men, and been obliged to abandon 197 horses. On the afternoon of the 7th, the enemy made an attack on our front at Boonsboroug. All our cavalry and artillery were brought into action, repulsing him, and driving him handsomely a distance of 3 miles. On the morning of July 10, my brigade was ordered to Antietam, via Keedysville, to guard the crossing of the infantry near Booth's Mills. Here I received orders to move my command on the Williamsport road to Jonnes' Cross-Roads, where we met the enemy, and skirmish, drove him about 1 mil. Our loss was 4 enlisted men killed and 6 wounded. Night coming on we, were compelled to go into camp, after picketing the front. On the morning of the 11th, I was ordered to make a reconnaissance on the Williamsport road. We had not moved far when we came upon the enemy's infantry in force. Finding they had the advantage in position, we opened upon them with artillery, driving them from it, and our dismounted men, pushing forward, captured 5 in a house and killed 3. We were then ordered to cease the pursuit, and hold the ground we had taken, which we did until dark, when we were relieved by infantry, and retired half a mile to camp for the night. On the following morning, July 12, being ordered to renew the skirmish, we advanced our artillery to the skirmish line, and the dismounted skirmishers drove the enemy into his breastworks along the whole line, expecting a few who refuge in Saint Jame's College. We now held a position about 150 yards from the first line of the enemy's breastworks, which they were busily engaged in extending Orders now came for us to retire, and we went into camp at Jones'Cross-Roads. On the morning of July 14, I was again ordered out to feel the enemy. We marched to Williamsport, but found no enemy; thence to Falling Waters, where we bivouacked, not having been engaged during the day. On the morning of the 16th[15th], we were ordered to Harper's Ferry, where we arrived on the 18th[16th], via Boonsborough, where we rested on the night of the 17th[15th].

