
Resting my command for a short time, was ordered to join General Gregg at Shepherdstown. On the march to the last-named place, my advance was charged by a squadron of the enemy's cavalry, but they were repulsed, and scattered in all directions. Reached Shepherdstown, and reported at 7 p. m. July 18[16]. During all this time the officers and enlisted men of my command were all that could be desired, exhibiting willingness and determination on all occasions where duty required.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PENNOCK HUEY,

Colonel Eighth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Comdg. Brigade.

Captain H. C. WEIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 353. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William Stedman, Sixth Ohio Cavalry.

WARRENTONS, VA.,

September 5, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report, in reply to your order of August 30, requiring a report of the battles of Aldie, Middleburg, and Upperville, than on June 17, when near Aldie, I received an order from General Kilpatrick to take my regiment beyond the town, and support the Second New York Cavalry, who were then skirmishing with the enemy on the road to Middleburg. I placed my regiment in line of battle on the right of the road, with the left resting on the road. On the hill ahead was a straw stack, behind which the enemy were hid. I ordered a charge in line and, passing the stack, captured all the enemy there, and I found in the next ravine a ditch varying from 3 to 7 feet in depth and from 6 to 8 feet in width, and in which I found nearly 40 of the enemy, all of whom I captured, making in all over 50 prisoners, who were turned over to the provost-marshal, with their horses, arms, and equipments. In the engagement we lost 3 men killed and 11 wounded, including Major Stanhope, who has since died of his wounds. We also lost 10 horses. The enemy open; ed on us from the hill beyond with grape and canister; but we held the position until dark, when we were ordered to retire. At Middleburg, on June 19, we were ordered to support the battery, and took position on the hill to the right, to guard against a flank movement. We were then thrown out as skirmishers on the extreme right of Kilpatrick's line. We cleared the wound; 1 horse was also killed. We were then ordered back again to support the battery, and at night went on picket in the woods where the principal fighting had been done, where we remained until the morning of the 21st. From Middleburg to Upperville, on the 21st, we were on the right of the pike and the extreme right of General Kilpatrick's line, on the east side of Goose Creek, losing here 1 man killed and 2 wounded. From Goose Creek to Upperville, our left rested on the pike. When

