
near Upperville, one squadron, under Captain Cryer, charged upon the enemy on the pike, breaking their columns, but losing 7 men wounded, 4 of whom the enemy captured; 4 horses were also lost. The remaining squadrons of the regiment charged upon the left flank of the enemy, who dismounted and ranged themselves behind a stone fence. We drove them from this position, with a loss on our part of 1 man killed and 2 officers and 4 men wounded. Beyond Upperville, one squadron, led by Captain Northway, charged alone the pike, routing the enemy. In this charge we lost 7 men wounded. of 5 of whom were captured. Captain Northway was himself wounded, but escaped. We pressed on until the enemy were driven into the Gap, when we fell back near Upperville, and encamped for the night in support of a battery on the right of the road. The behavior of both officers and men was brave in the extreme, and where all did so nobly it is hard to signalize single deeds of daring and bravery.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. STEDMAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Sixth Ohio Cavalry.

Captain H. C. WEIR, Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 354. Reports of Cap. William A. Corrie, Eight Pennsylvania Cavalry.

KING GEORGE COUNTY, VA.,

June 13, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in pursuance to orders, scouting parties were sent out on roads leading to the Potomac, as well as Rappahannock, for upward of 18 miles below our picket lines, and have reported all quiet in that section, and so sings of the enemy on this side of the river. The points reconnoitered were Port Conway, Leedstown, Shiloh, Office Hall, Edge Hill, Mattapula Creek, &amp;c. From a desert from the Forty-seventh Virginia, who hast just come from Westmoreland, we learn that there is no enemy in that section. He has been sent to general headquarters provost-marshal. I have ordered a party his morning to proceed to Brazoes Mines, and will report to you if anything occurs.

Yours, respectfully,

W. A. CORRIE,

Captain, Commanding.

M. T. McMAHON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

[Inclosure]

CAPTAIN: You will immediately after dark withdraw all of your pickets, and with your entire force report to Major-General Hancock, commanding Second Corps, at his headquarters near Falmouth. Please return receipt for this order by bearer. By command, &C.

Captain CORRIE, Commanding Cavalry Pickets.

