
NEAR THOROUGHFARE GAP, VA.,

June 23, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to instructions from General Hancock, a squadron commanded by Captain McCallum was sent from Gainesville on the afternoon of the 21st, with orders to go as far as New Baltimore, on the Warrenton turnpike. At the same time a squadron, under command of Captain Wilson, was dispatched from Thoroughfare Gap by the road skirting the base of the mountain, with orders to form a junction with Captain McCallum, and proceed with him to New Baltimore. Near the junction of the roads, Captain McCallum met the advance guard of the enemy advancing down the Warenton road toward Gainesville, and charged them, driving them back upon their main column. The rebels then charged him, compelling him to retreat to within a mile and a half of Gainesville. Captain McCallum reports that his men fought gallantly. Our loss was 23 captured, mostly occasioned by their horses being worn out. Captain McCallum's force when he started from Gainesville was 45 men. Captain Wilson exchanged shots with the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. A. CORRIE,

Captain, Commanding Eight Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Lieutenant-Colonel MORGAN,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,June 23, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded. The force sent down toward New Baltimore from Gainesville was as large as could be mustered for that purpose. A somewhat larger force was ordered, but General French thought it necessary to divert a part toward Sudley Springs. WINFD'S S. HANCOCK, Major-General, Commanding Corps.

No. 355. Reports of Colonel J. Irvin Gregg, Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, commanding Second and Third Brigades.

CAMP, SECOND BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION,

Bealeton, Va.,

June 10, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the action of my command on the 9th instant:On the morning of June 9 my brigade, *composed of the Third, Fourth, and Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, moved from Fayetteville about daylight, and arrived at Kelly's Ford, on the Rappahannock, about 9 a. m. After halting for a few minutes the command, with Pennington's battery of artillery, moved out on the Stevensburg road, following the First Brigade, under the immediate command of Colonel Duffie, commanding the division

---------------

*This (Second) became, in the reorganization of June 11, the Third Brigade.

---------------

