
Within 2 miles of the ford(Kelly's), the advance skirmishers of the enemy were encountered, and they were pushed rapidly to Stevenburg. At this point Colonel Duffie received orders to halt and return to the main body, under General D. McM. Gregg, which had moved toward Brandy Station on a road branching from the main Stevensburg road about 1 mil south of Kelly's Ford. My brigade, with one section of the battery, was left at Stevensburg, with instructions to hold the place, and I remained about one hour; but seeing no enemy, and hearing heavy and continuous firing on my right and front, I withdrew from the position, and moved in the direction of the firing. I arrived on the battle-field of Brandy Station about 4 p. m. and after the battle was over. My command covered the falling back of the army, which was accomplished without molestation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. IRVIN GREGG,

Colonel Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Comdg. Brigade.

Captain H. C. WEIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIG., SECOND DIV., CAVALRY CORPS,September-, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that, on the morning of June 16[17], the Third Brigade, Second Division, Cavalry Corps, consisting of the First Maine, Tenth New York, and Fourth and Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, marched from Union Mills, and arrived at Aldie about 4 p. m., and were drawn up in line of battle near that village, the Second Brigade, under General Kilpatrick, being engaged with the enemy beyond the Gap. About 6 p. m. I sent the First Maine Cavalry, under command of Colonel Douty(who was killed while gallantly leading his regiment into action), to re-enforce General Kilpatrick. On the morning of June 17[18], I was ordered with my brigade to make a reconnaissance toward Middleburg and Hopewell, and, if possible, get possession of the former place, which I accomplished, after a sharp skirmish, about 3 p. m. I held possession of the town until 6 o'clock, when I received an order directing me to return to Aldie, which order was countermanded, and I bivouacked midway between the two places. On the morning of the 18[19th], drove the enemy from Middleburg, the Fourth Pennsylvania Cavalry charging through the town and following the enemy nearly a mile beyond, where he was strongly posted on the crest of a hill in the woods and behind stone fences. The enemy continued to deploy to the right and left, and compelled me to do the same, so that by 8 a. m. one-half of my force was upon the skirmish line, viz, the Fourth Pennsylvania, Tenth New York, and a portion of the Sixteenth Pennsylvania, the lines close together, and the enemy throwing canister among my skirmishers. About this time, Brigadier-General Gregg arrived upon the field, and directed me to drive the enemy from his position. Dismounting the Sixteenth Pennsylvania, I moved them forward into a woods already occupied by a portion of the Fourth Pennsylvania, and brought up the First Maine to support them. After carefully reconnoitering the position of the enemy, I ordered the Sixteenth and

