
July 2. At this time there were two regiments of infantry a short distance in my front, deployed as skirmishers. These regiments were withdrawn about 3 p. to., and, by order of General Gregg, I threw forward the Tenth New York Cavalry, under command of Major Avery, and deployed skirmishers to occupy the ground vacated.
During the afternoon, my vedettes were considerably annoyed by the enemy's sharpshooters from the hill and woods immediately in my front, and at 6 o'clock I ordered 50 dismounted men to clear the hill and find out what was beyond, but they were driven back by a much superior force, and followed until the enemy were checked and driven back by Colonel J. B. McIntosh's command.

On the morning of July 3, by order of General Gregg, my command took up position on the road leading from Gettysburg to Baltimore, not far distant from the position occupied by General Slocum's corps, but was subsequently moved, and took up a position near the one occupied on July 2.

My command did not participate in the cavalry fight of July 3, excepting one section of Captain Randol s battery, under command of Lieutenant Chester, which was hotly engaged, and was obliged to retire about 200 yards on account of a portion of General Custer's command giving way. The Fourth Pennsylvania Cavalry, having been sent to report to General Pleasonton, was not with me during July 3, but joined me in the evening of that day, when my command was ordered to move to the front and take up a . position on the left, in order to meet a threatened attack from that direction. While remaining in that position, the enemy got my range, and wounded several men in the Tenth New York Cavalry by bursting shells.

On July 4, 5, and 6, my command was engaged in pursuing the enemy as far as Marion, on the pike leading from Chambersburg to Greencastle, Franklin County. During the pursuit, a large number of prisoners were captured, and the enemy obliged to abandon a number of limbers and caissons filled with ammunition, which were left in condition for immediate use.

The casualties are as follows: Killed, 4, wounded, 5. *

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. IRVIN GREGG, Colonel Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Comdg. Brigade.

Captain H. C. WEIR.

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Cavalry Corps.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIG., SECOND DIV., CAVALRY CORPS,August 17, 1863. SIR: I have the honor to report that this command was engaged from the date of the battle of Gettysburg until it arrived at Warrenton Junction, Va., as follows:

On July 4, made a reconnaissance to Hunterstown, and drove in the enemy's pickets at that place.

On July 5 and 6, in pursuit of the enemy. Came up with him and engaged him near Greenwood. Lost 1 man killed on the evening of the 5th.

Continued the pursuit on the 6th to Marion, finding the road filled with broken-down wagons, abandoned limbers and caissons filled

---------------

* But see revised statement, p. 186. 62 R R--VOL XXVII, PT I

---------------

