
with ammunition ready for instant use. Captured and sent into Gettysburg a large number of prisoners.

On July 7, 8, and 9, were on the march from Chambersburg, Pa., to Middletown, Md.

July 11, marched to Boonsborough. July 12 and 13, in camp.

July 14, marched to Harper's Ferry.

On the morning of July 15, this brigade moved on the Charlestown road as far as Halltown, halted, and the First Maine Cavalry was thrown forward to make a reconnaissance to Charlestown. Proceeding half a mile, they encountered and drove in the enemy's vedettes on their]position in a skirt of woods in front of Charlestown. The First Maine lost in the skirmish 1 man wounded. Leaving the Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry and a detachment of Scott's Nine Hundred on picket at Halltown, the brigade moved on the Shepherdstown road, encountering and capturing a number of the enemy's stragglers, and, on arriving at that place, two squadrons of the Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, under command of Major Fry, charged through the town.

The Sixteenth lost 1 man wounded,

On July 16, at 1 p. to., the enemy attacked in force and drove in my vedettes and reserve, consisting of two squadrons of the Tenth New York Cavalry. Fortunately, however, the First Maine Cavalry had been ordered out a short time before on that road after forage, and checked the enemy's advance about 1 mile in front of my position.

Finding that the enemy was outflanking and slowly driving back Colonel Smith's command, I sent two squadrons of the Fourth Pennsylvania Cavalry, under command of Major Young, about 3 p. m,, to re-enforce him.

The enemy still continuing to extend his skirmish line and to throw forward fresh troops, at 4 p. m. I sent one squadron of the Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry to support the left of the line.

At 5 p. m. moved up the balance of the Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry and all of the Fourth Pennsylvania Cavalry excepting one small squadron, left in reserve to support the battery, and my entire force became engaged; and from this time until dark the fight raged without cessation, the enemy making repeated and desperate charges, endeavoring to break my center.

About 6. 30 p. m. three squadrons of the First Pennsylvania Cavalry, under command of Colonel Taylor, reported to me, and were posted about 100 yards in rear of my center, in reserve. The Tenth New York Cavalry was posted on the right, on the Martinsburg road, on which the enemy made several demonstrations during the engagement, but were gallantly repulsed.

Captain Randol's battery (E, First U. S. Artillery), only one section of Which, under command of Lieutenant [Ernst L.] Kinney, was engaged, did excellent service in shelling the woods in front of my line and in checking the enemy's advance.

Too much credit cannot be awarded to the officers and men of this command for the gallantry displayed in resisting for eight hours and finally repulsing the attack of a force outnumbering it at least three to one, supported by eight pieces of artillery.

When all engaged acquitted themselves so creditably, it is extremely difficult to discriminate, but I desire specially to mention Lieutenant-Colonel Smith and Major Boothby, First Maine Cavalry;

