
Major Young, Fourth PennSylvania Cavalry, and Captains Fisher and Swan, Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry. . .

I am indebted to Captain H. M. Hughes and Lieutenant J. B. Maitland, Fourth Pennsylvania Cavalry; Lieutenant A. N. Martin, Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, and Lieutenant F. M. Cutler, First Maine Cavalry, for valuable assistance in carrying orders to various parts of the field.

On July 17, marched to Harper's Ferry.

July_19 to 24, on the march to Warrenton Junction.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. IRVIN GREGG,

Colonel, Comdg. Third Brig., Second Div., Cavalry Corps.

Brigadier General D. McM. GREGG,

Gomdg. Second Division, Cavalry Corps.

ADDENDA.

CAMP NEAR SULPHUR SPRINGS, VA.,

August 13, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that on July 15 and 16, while the brigade was fighting at Shepherdstown, my command, consisting of the Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry and Scott's Nine Hundred, was ordered to hold Halltown, Va., on the Charlestown road, and do picket duty thereabouts. This order was strictly obeyed, the enemy offering no molestation. The command remained on picket duty three days, after which the command joined the brigade, and has not been separated from it up to the present date. The command did three days' picket duty at Rappahannock Station; also three days' picket duty at Jefferson, Va.

M. KERWIN,

Major, Comdg. 13th Penn. Car. and Scott's Nine Hundred.

Colonel JOHN I. GREGG,

Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 356. Reports of Colonel Charles H. Smith, First Maine Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MAINE CAVALRY,August 31, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part sustained by this regiment in the action at Aldie on June 17 last:

After the brigade had drawn near to the town, Colonel C. S. Douty, commanding, was ordered forward with his regiment to report to Brigadier-General Gregg, commanding division. Having reported, the colonel was ordered to proceed with his command to a position to the left of the town, but before arriving there was ordered to return in haste. The regiment returned at the trot, left in front, and ascended the hill on the right of the town near the battery just in time to meet and resist the impetuous charge of the enemy upon our exhausted forces. A portion of the regiment, led by Colonel Douty., charged, turned the enemy, and drove him from the hill and his stronghold among the stone walls. The regiment gained the posi-

