
by's Gaps with slight opposition. All the information respecting the enemy indicated that he was still in position from Winchester to Martinsburg. Lest the continuance of my march should enable him to get into my rear and interrupt or interfere with my communications, I halted during the 21st, throwing forward my cavalry to Manassas and Chester Gap. On the morning of the 22d, being satisfied that the enemy's army was in full movement southward toward Culpeper Court-House or Orange Court-House, I directed two corps to cover my depots at Warrenton and White Plains, and threw forward the other five corps to Manassas Gap. At daylight this morning, the Third Corps entered Manassas Gap, and, advancing beyond the crest, has been skirmishing with and driving back the enemy. At dark the enemy held a position covering the entrance to Chester Gap from Front Royal. The information respecting his army is somewhat contradictory. It is reported to me by signal officers and my cavalry to have been moving with its trains yesterday and to-day up the Valley of the Shenandoah, through Front Royal and Strasburg, and through Chester Gap toward Culpeper, though there are reasons for my considering it probable that but a small portion of his army has passed on. I shall attack his position covering Chester Gap to-morrow at daylight.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 23, 1863.

Major General GEORGE G. MEADE.

Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL:

Brigadier General G. Marston has been assigned by the Secretary of War to the command of Saint Mary's District, Maryland, where he is to establish a camp for prisoners of war. You will assign to him a guard of about 300 men from New Hampshire regiments. It is reported that there are only about that number in the Second, Fifth. and Twelfth New Hampshire troops may be taken. It is more convenient, any these regiments to the Army of the Potomac as soon as they can be filled up with drafted men from that State. Any prisoners of war you may have will be turned over to General Marston, who is directed to show you his instructions. Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 24, 1863-8 p. m.

(Received, via Warrenton, July 25, 4. 10 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in Chief:

I last night telegraphed you that, after driving the enemy through Manassas Gap, the head of the army, consisting of the Third Corps, had reached within a few miles of Front Royal at sunset, and was in the presence of a considerable force of the enemy, with batteries in position. Prisoners taken belonged to the three several corps of the

