
tion, secured our wounded, collected the trophies of the field, and were burying the dead when relieved Just before dark.

The casualties were as follows:

Killed, 6; wounded, 19; missing, 5.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. SMITH,

Colonel First Maine Cavalry.

Lieutenant JOHN. B. MAITLAND

A. A. A. G. Second Brig., Second Div., Cavalry Corps.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MAINE CAVALRY,August 14, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with orders from headquarters Second Brigade (Colonel J. Irvin Gregg), I have the honor to report the part taken by my regiment in the operations of July 15.

On the morning of July 15, when the column had reached Halltown, the colonel commanding the brigade ordered me to go forward with my regiment on the Charlestown pike, and directed that I should go into Charlestown or until I found the enemy in force. Having advanced nearly a mile, we surprised the pickets of the enemy, and drove them until we were met by a regular line of dismounted skirmishers; then the engagement became general. I deployed six companies, kept two companies on the pike to charge, the center of the enemy from time to time after his flanks were sufficiently forced back, and kept but three small companies in reserve and to guard our flanks an&amp; rear. Thus, by a bold front and two hours' severe skirmishing, we drove a very much larger number over a mile and from several good positions, when ordered to retire and join the column. The enemy opened upon us with two pieces of artillery. The officers and men of my regiment behaved with the utmost gallantry.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. SMITH,

Colonel First Maine Cavalry.

Lieutenant JOHN B. MAITLAND,

A. A. A. 0., Second Brig., Second Div., Cavalry Corps.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MAINE CAVALRY,August 14, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: In accordance with orders from Colonel Gregg, commanding Second Brigade, I have the honor to report the part taken by my regiment in the action at Shepherdstown, July 16.

On July 16, about 12 m., I was ordered by the colonel commanding brigade to proceed from Shepherdstown with my regiment out about 4 miles on the Winchester pike for forage. Having advanced about a mile, I met a courier from the picket(a squadron of the Tenth New York Cavalry), who reported that the picket had been attacked, and were hotly pursued by the enemy. Looking forward, I observed that about half a mile ahead the pike crossed a ridge covered by a belt of timber, and, being desirous of. obtaining that position, I ordered the gallop, and the regiment dashed forward. As we drew near the timber, we met the squadron on picket completely

