
overwhelmed by a superior foe, making every effort to cover its led horses and wounded men. The advance of the enemy reached the crest of the ridge first, but, in spite of their steady firing, two companies from my regiment, commanded respectively by Lieutenants Coleman and Cole, when ordered to take the summit of the. hill, charged with such impetuosity as to drive back the enemy, killing l and wounding 3. The enemy 'thus received a serious check, the position was gained, and the regiment was immediately disposed for still further defense. In that position we opposed the rapidly increasing number of the enemy for more than an hour, strengthening our line from time to time until the regiment was nearly all deployed and engaged in the front.

Here it was that Major Boothby and Lieutenant Hunton were wounded, while engaged urging the men to still more gallant resistance.

Subsequently the enemy massed in such numbers on our left flank as to make longer resistance impossible, and our line of skirmishers was driven back about 200 yards to a favorable position. Supported by a portion of the Fourth Pennsylvania Cavalry, the regiment defended this position against every effort of the enemy to rout it, even driving the gunners from a howitzer that the enemy had the rashness to bring within carbine range, until relieved by the Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, when it retired from the 'front and took position as support. But a short time afterward, however, the enemy opened with several pieces Of artillery, and simultaneously advanced with such overwhelming numbers as to peril the thin line of skirmishers of the Sixteenth. Observing this, I at once ordered four companies to the front just in season to render timely assistance, and shortly after the rest of the regiment became actively engaged again, and thus shared the fortunes of the rest of the day until withdrawn from the field at midnight. .

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. SMITH,

Colonel First Maine Cavalry.

Lieutenant JOHN B. MAITLAND,

A. A. A. G., Second Brig., Second Div., Cavalry Corps.

Numbers 357. Report of Major M. Henry Avery, Tenth New York Cavalry.

NEAR JEFFERSON, VA.,

August. 13, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the operations of the Third Brigade, Second Cavalry Division, subsequent to the battle of Gettysburg and up to the arrival of the same at Warrenton, Va.:

On the morning of July 5, I left bivouac, about 1 miles east of Gettysburg, passing through the village on the Chambersburg. pike. The Tenth New York on that day having the right of the brigade, nearly the whole of the regiment was disposed as flankers, for the purpose of thoroughly scouring the country and arresting the numerous stragglers of the enemy, who, singly and in squads, were

