
endeavoring to make their way into the mountains. Owing to the wholesale capture of prisoners, and the necessity of the column following as rapidly as possible the rear of the enemy, I am unable to make any accurate estimate of the number taken. Each detachment under my command, on accumulating as large a number as could be safely guarded, proceeded to Gettysburg, and turned them over to the provost-marshal. Encamped that night at Graefenburg Springs.

Next day marched, via New Franklin, to Chambersburg; encamped

at that point.

July 7, commenced march for Middletown, passing trough Qvincy,

Fayetteville, and Waynesborough, arriving there July 10.

July 11, marched to Boonsborough, rejoining the division at that

point.

July 13, marched to Harper's Ferry.

July 15, the Second Cavalry Division marched on a reconnaissance to Shepherdstown, the Third Brigade having the advance. A few

pickets and a small supporting force of the enemy were encountered at this point, and easily captured or dispersed by our advance. This regiment on that day, being the third in column, took no part in the engagement. Encamped that night at Shepherdstown.

Next morning two squadrons, consisting of Companies H and L,

under command of Captains Peck and Vanderbilt, and Companies

and G, under command of Lieutenants Sceva and McKevitt, the

battalion being under command of Major A. D. Waters, were_placed

on picket on the Winchester pike, one squadron, under Captain Feirce, on the Dam Numbers 4 road, and the remaining three squadrons, under my command, were ordered to picket the Martinsburg road.

No force of the enemy was visible until about 2 p. m., when the

vedettes from the battalion on the Winchester road were rapidly

driven in by the advance guard of a heavy force, since ascertained to be under the command of General Stuart. Major Waters at this time, feeling seriously indisposed, retired, leaving Captain Peck in command. Lieutenant Sceva's squadron, being at the outer post, succeeded in momentarily checking the charge of the enemy, and then retired on the reserve without losing a prisoner, although the attack had been fierce, impetuous, and by an overwhelming force.

At this reserve, Captain Peck succeeded in temporarily repulsing their advance with a loss of 7 men missing and wounded, 3 of

which latter have since died in hospital, and Lieutenant John T. Mc

Kevitt, of Company G, a brave and gallant officer, severely wounded through the lung.

The enemy having brought forward a strong re-enforcement, Cap

tain Peck was compelled to retire until re-enforced b. y the First Maine, when the enemy was held in check until the remainder of the brigade came up. Soon after, Captain Peck was withdrawn and sent to strengthen the line picketed by my command, and which, by the

nature of the attack, had become a line of skirmishers, covering the extreme right of the division.

During the remainder of 'the engagement this regiment remained

comparatively idle and without any loss on our part, annoying the opposing skirmishers of the enemy and driving back any force which appeared.

On the cessation of the firing, my line remained the same

as at the commencement of the attack, and was held as a line of

pickets until midnight, when we were withdrawn, and marched for

Harper's Ferry, arriving there soon after daylight.

July 19. marched for Warrenton, via Leesburg, encamping, re-

