
spectively, at Goose Creed, Manassas, Broad Run, Warrenton Junction, and Bealeton, until July 29. During the period from the 22nd ultimo to that date we were engaged in picketing the line of the Orange and Alexandria Railroad. July 29, marched for Amissville, encamping that night about 2 miles from Warrenton. Annexed please find a report of the casualties in this regiment during the period covered by this report. *

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M, HENRY AVERY,

Major, Commanding Tenth New York Cavalry.

Lieutenant JOHN B. MAITLAND,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 358. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel William E. Doster, Fourth Pennsylvania Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY,September 3, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, on the morning of June 21, I received orders from Colonel Gregg to mount my regiment, which was encamped in the woods about 1 mile from Middleburg, on the Upperville, road, and to move out in column of squadrons on the left of the Tenth New York and one battalion of the First Maine, on the right of the road leading to Upperville, which I accordingly did, moving at intervals from the protection of one knoll to another until we had advanced perhaps 1 mile, when my pioneer corps took possession of a small rifled gun which had been abandoned by the enemy in his flight. After proceeding about 1 mile farther, I was ordered to cross the road and proceed parallel to it. This I did, at the same time deploying one company, dismounted, as skirmishers on my front, and afterward adding one squadron on my left. In this manner we reached a point within one-half mile of the town, occasional shots being exchanged between our skirmishers and those of the enemy. Here I was ordered to form my regiment as a support to and on the left of, I thins, some regular regiments. Before the order to advance was given, I was ordered to the support of Tidball's battery, them on the rising ground on the right of the road, in full view of the town and of the enemy. After remaining here a short time, I was ordered forward to the support of the battalion of the First Maine, which had been ordered to charge and drive the enemy from and beyond the town. I immediately ordered my regiment forward at a gallop, and, after passing through and beyond the town some hundreds of yards, came up with the First Maine, which the was formed on the road, apparently awaiting a charge by the enemy. In a few minutes the enemy came dashing down the road, when I ordered my first two squadrons to advance carbines, to be ready to receive them. The First Maine,

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 193

---------------

