
after firing a few shots, scattered to the right and left. The fire of my regiment being too hot for him, the enemy wheeled, and I ordered a charge, which was obeyed most promptly and gallantly by both officers and men. The enemy were driven from the field, leaving a number killed, many wounded, and several prisoners in our hands. I then deployed two squadrons in the field on the right of the road as skirmishers, falling back some distance in the field which the principal part of my command. The enemy again charged, my men at the same time wheeling, so as to throw a flank fire into him as he passed along the road. About 20 of my men then dashed into the road in his rear, and, after a desperate hand-to-hand conflict utterly routed and discomfited him, thus preventing his escape, and causing the capture of the entire party, variously estimated at from 20 to 50 men. The division coming up at this time, it was impossible to give the exact number. I now received orders to rally my men and fall back beyond Upperville, where I encamped for the night. During the actions of the day the regiment sustained a loss of 1 killed, 3 severally wounded, 1 slightly wounded, and 2 taken prisoners.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

W. E. DOSTER,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fourth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Lieutenant JOHN B MAITLAND,

Actg. Asst. Adj. General, Second Cavalry Brigade.

SULPHUR SPRINGS, VA.,

August 13, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, immediately after the battle of Gettysburg and the pursuit of Lee as far as Marion(described in my last report*)., this regiment accompanied the brigade to Middletown and Boonsborough, Md., without any event of note occurring until July 14, when the regiment recrossed the Potomac at Harper's Ferry, and encamped on Bolivar Heights. On the 15th, we marched with the brigade as far as Shepherdstown. About 4 p. m. was ordered by Colonel Gregg to advance 4 miles out the Winchester road to Wolper's Cross-Roads, and report my arrival. About 1 mile from Shepherdstown my advance guard encountered and drove before them a party of 10 rebels, which was increase to about 40 by the time I reached the cross-roads. They fled into the woods beyond the cross-roads and renewed the attack, but were again dispersed. I learned from a prisoner whom we captured that about 500 rebel cavalry, belonging to[A. G.]Jenkins, was encamped at Leetown, in front; that a rebel cavalry force was on my left near Charlestown, and that a portion of Ewell's corps, whose drums were heard distinctly, was near Martinsburg and about 3 miles to my right, and sent the information to the colonel commanding brigade. I threw out pickets on all the roads, and held them without further molestation until 11 p. m., when I was ordered back with three squadrons to Shepherdstown, the balance being relieved next morning. At about 1 p. m. of the 16th, I was ordered to move my regiment

---------------

*Not found. But see Gregg's report, p. 977.

---------------

