
on the right of the Winchester road and Randol's battery and instructed to support the battery while watching and holding the enemy in check on the right of the line. I successively advanced three squadrons-Captain Peale and Duncan and Lieutenant Andrews to the right of the line, which became warmly engaged about 5 p. m and so remained until the close of the day. Meanwhile two squadrons, Captain Peale's and Dart's had been sent under Major Young to the support of the First Maine, and held their ground on the right of the road until orders were given to retire. Captain Robinson reminded as support of the battery. For gallant and meritorious conduct, First Serg. John Harper, Company B, deserves special mention. In this action 7 were wounded and 6 missing. I fell back with the brigade to Harper's Ferry the same evening, and thence moved to Bristoe Station and Warrenton without meeting with anything unusual, excepting rest, rations, and forage.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. E. Doster,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant MAITLAND,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 359. Reports of Brig. General Judson Kilpatrick, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade of, and Third Division.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., THIRD DIV., CAVALRY CORPS,June 10, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my brigade* in the cavalry action of yesterday:After receiving orders from General Gregg to move to the right of Colonel Wyndham and engage the enemy, I formed line of battle in echelons of regiments, with a section of artillery on the right of the second regiment, and moved rapidly forward, pushing my whole line of skirmishers up to and beyond the railroad crossing. At this moment the enemy, with a large and superior force, drove our forces from the hill on my left, so gallantly taken by Colonel Wyndham. I ordered Colonel Irvine, of the Tenth New York, who was on the left of my line, to charge and drive the rebels from the hill and hold it. Colonel Irvine had scarcely advanced 100 yards when my whole line was threatened by a superior force of the enemy. I ordered a section of artillery to commence firing, and advanced Colonel Davies, of the Harris Light Cavalry, with one battalion, to charge the enemy in flank. Before, however, Colonel Irvine or Colonel Davies had passed the railroad crossing with any considerable portion of their commands, the enemy, in two heavy columns, struck their advance and threw them into confusion. I sent orders to these two officers to withdraw and rally their commands, and with the First Maine(Colonel Douty) swept to the right and charged the enemy in flank.

---------------

*Consisting then of the First Maine, Second and Tenth New York, and Orton's (District of Columbia)calvary company. On June 14 Kilpatrick was assigned to command of the Second Brigade of the reorganized Second Brigade, and on June 28 to command of the new Third division, formerly Stahel's.

---------------

