
They outnumbered us three to one, but could not withstand the heavy saber blows of the sturdy men of Maine, who rode through them and over them, gained the hill, captured a battle-flag and many prisoners, among them the rebel General Stuart's adjutant-general. From this moment the fight was one series of charges, every regiment of the brigade charging, rallying, and again charging until ordered to retire. Each regiment left the field with its organization preserved and in good order. We captured one stand of colors, upward of 100 prisoners, and a battery of four guns, two by Colonel Douty and two by Colonel Davies. The guns could not be brought off, but all the horses were killed. The following is a list of casualties in my brigade:The following is a list of casualties in brigade:Harris Light Cavalry-1 lieutenant and 14 enlisted men wounded, and 33 enlisted men missing. The First Maine Cavalry-3 enlisted men wounded, 14 missing, and 7 prisoners. The Tenth New York Cavalry-3 commissioned officers wounded and missing 2 wounded and present; 8 enlisted men wounded, and 44 missing. Total, commissioned officers, 6 wounded; enlisted men, 32 wounded an 98 missing. I regret the loss of Lieutenant-Colonel Irvine, of the Tenth New York Cavalry, who since the fight has been missing. He led his regiment most gallantly in the last charge, and was seen to fall, overpowered by numbers. I take great pleasure in bringing to you notice Captain McIrvin and[Frederick W.] Armstrong; Dr. [Charles E.] Hackley, brigade surgeon; Lieutenant [Butler]Coles, and Lieutenant and Commissary [Timothy] Hedges, all of whom are deserving of the greatest praise. I cannot single out individual case of gallantry. Each regiment rivaled the other in deeds of daring. For the first time we have fought as a brigade. We tried to do our duty like brave men. I am proud of my brigade, and only hope that in this its first effort it has won the good opinion of our general. Respectfully submitted.

J. KILPATRICK,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain H. C. WEIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION.

Hanover, June 30, 1863.

GENERAL: Five minutes after you dispatch saying that Stuart was marking for Littlestown, my rear guard was attacked in Hanover, driven in, and a vigorous charge was made upon the rear and flanks of my command; at the same time the enemy opened with artillery from the hills at the right of the town. Brigadier-General Farnsworth quickly threw his brigade into position, and, by quick and vigorous charges, checked their attacks and drove the enemy out of town. The enemy soon showed himself in force on the left of the town, and foolishly put himself in my rear. After a fight of about two hours, in which the whole command at different times was engaged, I made a vigorous attack upon their center, forced them back upon the road to Littlestown, and finally succeeded in braking their

