
center. One portion retreated toward York; the other passed to the right, toward Gettysburg. As the enemy was reported to be advancing from the direction of Berlin, I made no further attempts to intercept Stuart's command. I have taken on battle-flag, a lieutenant colonel, 1 captain, and 45 privates, and upward of 15 of the enemy have been killed. My loss is trifling. I have gone into camp at Hanover. My command will be in readiness to move again at daylight to-morrow morning. We have plenty of forage, the men are in good spirits, and we don't fear Stuart's whole cavalry.

Very respectfully,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Major-General PLEASONTON,

Commanding Cavalry Corps.

P. S. -The enemy was under the command of Stuart, who had with him three brigades -Lee's, Hampton's, and Robertson's.
HDQRS. THIRD CAV. DIV., PLEASONTON'S CORPS,Hanover, June 30, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that after an encounter with General Stuart's force, I have succeeded in cutting his column in two. One portion estimated at about 4000, which from five to seven pieces of artillery, is now encamped in the woods on the left(east) side of the road from Hanover to Baltimore; the other is also in the woods on the right (west) side of the road from Hanover to Littlestown. I am not informed as to its strength. I have sent out scouts to ascertain the exact position of the first division, and intend, if possible, to attack their camp at daybreak; otherwise I expect to be attacked by them. A strong column of the enemy's forces left York at daybreak this morning, to march to this place, from which circumstance and other information I conclude that they are concentrating at Gettysburg. They have with them 15 wagons; also about 113 mules. They spoke in their camp to-day of burning these wagons, as they could not carry proper roads. My information is reliable.

Very respectfully,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Major-General PLEASONTON.

[P. S.]-They enemy(Stuart's command) is moving toward York, cutting his way through the fields. I think there is a considerable force at Berlin. I am now midway between Abbottstown and Hanover. I cannot well advance farther and keep communications open with Littlestown. Scouting parties will be sent out in the direction of York, Dover, and Carlisle. Stuart is moving toward York.

HEADQUARTERS, Littlestown, June 30, 1863-6 p. m.

[Major-General PLEASONTON:]

GENERAL: A messenger has just come in from Kilpatrick, asking for re-enforcement. I sent him every cavalryman that I could get hold of. I also informed him of the infantry at this place. I think there is

