
no doubt but there is a heavy infantry force at Berlin and Gettysburg. Kilpatrick has information that Lee's headquarters are at Berlin. The enemy struck the rear of his column just as it entered Hanover, creating some confusion in one regiment. A large was, however, immediately made, which resulted in the repulse of the enemy and the capture of about 50 prisoners, one lieutenant-colonel among them. As soon as my horse rests a little, I will come to headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. ALEXANDER,

Assistant-Adjutant-General.

Respectfully forwarded. General Lee's being in Berlin is important. *

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD, DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,Smithsburg, Md., July 5, 1863. (Received 1. 45 p. m.)

GENERAL: Yesterday, at 12 m., I attacked the right flank of the enemy at different points, and found him in force at each point. I passed through Emmitsburg, and ordered one brigade to pass through the mountain[W. E.]Jones' brigade of cavalry drove back my people, and I was attacked at the same time on my right flank. Knowing that the train of wagons was passing. I gave battle, forced my way through the pass, drove back the rebel cavalry and artillery, captured one entire regiment, colonel, lieutenant-colonel, most of the officers, and one battle-flag. General Custer here had a hard fight. The enemy's cavalry and infantry made every effort to drive me back, but we passed on, reached, the train, barricaded the road in our rear, and the entire train from the mountains to Ridgeville was in my possession. I have destroyed the wagons of Ewell's entire corps, and over 1, 500 prisoners have been. I have sent them to Frederick City. I now hold a strong position; my lines of retreat are certain. The enemy is in sight, tired and worn out; he shall not have one moment's rest. The pontoons between Williamsport and Sharpsburg are destroyed. General Early was cut off last over the country. He is wounded.

Very respectfully,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Major-General PLEASONTON.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,Hagerstown, Md., July 12, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to orders from headquarters Cavalry Corps, I have driven the enemy through and out of Hagerstown, capturing a a large number of prisoners, with but slight loss. General Ames' division of infantry is now in the

---------------

*See indorsement on Bufor's report of same date, p. 923.

---------------

