
Sixth, and Seventh Michigan Cavalry, and Pennington's battery, U. S. Horse Artillery, reached the same place at 10 p. m. the same day. At daylight on the morning of the 30th, division marched to find the enemy. We reached Hanover at 10 p. m., and, while passing through the town(the Second Brigade in advance), the First Brigade(General Farnsworth) was attacked in flank and rear by the Confederate cavalry under Stuart. Some confusion ensued. The attack was determined and fierce. The main and side stress swarmed with rebel cavalry. The Eighteenth Pennsylvania was routed, but the gallant Farnsworth had passed from front to rear ere the shout of the rebel charge had ceased to ring through the quiet street, faced the Fifth New York about, countermarched the other regiments, and with a rush and blow struck the rebel hosts in full charge. For a moment, and a moment only, victory hung uncertain. For the first time our troops had met the foe in close contact; but they were on their own free soil; fair hands, regardless of the dangerous strife, waved them on, and bright, tearful eyes looked pleasingly out from every window. The brave Farnsworth made one great effort, and the day was won. The foe turned and field. He had for the first and last time polluted with his presence the loyal town of Hanover. General Custer's brigade had now returned, and to save the town I moved first to its left and afterward to its right. The main streets were barricaded and held by our troops and the citizen, who gallantly volunteered to defend their homes. After an artillery duel of gave way, and we formed a junction with the main army, from which we had been

separated for several hours. In this engagement we lost-officers, 2 killed, 6 wounded, and 5 missing; enlisted men, 17 killed, 35 wounded, and 118 missing, making an aggregate of 197 killed, wounded, and missing. Owing to the naturale of the attack, our loss was greater than that of the rebels. We killed upward of 20, took 50 prisoners, and captured one battle=flag. The First Brigade(General Farnworth), and especially the Fifth New York Cavalry, was greatly distinguished in this engagement. July 1, the division marched to Berlin, via Abbottstown, to intercept Stuart, but failed. A detachment under Lieutenant Colonel A. J. Alexander pursued Stuart to Rossville. July 2, received orders to move as quickly as possible toward Gettysburg. I proceeded rapidly across the country in the direction of the firing. I proceeded rapidly across the country in the direction of the firing. Reached the battle-field at 2 p. m. Received orders from headquarters Cavalry Corps, through Brigadier-General Gregg, to move over to the road leading from Gettysburg to Abbottstown, and see that the enemy did not turn our flank. Was attacked by Stuart, Hampton, and Lee at sundown near Hunterstown. After a spirited affair of two hours, the enemy was driven from this point with great loss, and we encamped for the night. The Second Brigade(General Custer) fought most handsomely. It lost, in killed, wounded, and missing 32. The conduct of the Sixth Michigan Cavalry and Pennington's battery is deserving of the highest praise. At 11 p. m. I received orders to move to Two Taverns, which point we reached at daylight. At 8 p. m., received orders from headquarters Cavalry Corps to move to the left of our line and attack the enemy's right and rear with my whole command and the Regular Brigade. By some mis-

