
take, General Custer's brigade was ordered to report to General Gregg, and he did not join me during the day. At 1 p. m. General Farnsworth had reached the rear and right of the enemy's position and become engaged with his skirmishers. At 3 p. m. General Merrit came in of General Farnsworth's left, and the enemy was driven over 1 mile. At 5. 30 p. m. I ordered an attack with both brigades. The Regulars, dismounted, were pushed in on the left, and Brigadier-General Farnsworth moved down with two regiments-the First West Virginia and Eighteenth Pennsylvania-closely followed by the First Vermont and Fifth New York, through a piece of woods, and drove the enemy from one position to another until a heavy stone wall was reached, behind which the rebel infantry was gathered in great numbers. Our cavalry broke, rallied, and broke again before that formidable barrier, but the First Vermont and First West Virginia, led by the gallant Farnsworth, cleared the fence, sobered the rebels in the rear, rushed on over a second line of infantry, and were only stopped by another fence and a third line of infantry and artillery. The artillery, under Elder and Graham all this time was doing good execution. Previous to this attack, the enemy had made a most fierce, and determined attack on the left of our main line of battle, with the view to turn it. We hope we assisted in preventing this. I am of the opinion that, had our infantry on my right advanced at once when relieved from the enemy's attack in their front, the enemy could not have recovered from the confusion into which Generals Farnsworth and Merritt had thrown them, but would have been rushed back, one division on another, until, instead of a defeat, a total rout would have ensued. The firing had now cease, and the great battle was over. At dusk we encamped on the field so dearly won. In these various attacks throughout the day, both by Generals Farnsworth and Custer, who were engaged on the right, the enemy was known to have sustained great loss. We lost 4 officers killed, 13 wounded, and 4 missing; 34 enlisted men killed, 138 wounded, and 117 missing, making an aggregate of 319 killed, wounded, and missing. In this battle the division lost many brave and gallant officers. Among the list will be found the name Farnsworth; short but most glorious was his career-a general on June 29, on the 30th he baptized his star in blood, and on July 3, for the honor of his young brigade and the glory of his corps, he gave his life. At the head of his men, at the very muzzles of the enemy's guns, he fell, with many mortal wounds. We can say of him, in the language of another, "Good soldier, faithful friend, great heart, hail and farewell. "On the morning of the 4th, I receive orders from headquarters Cavalry Corps to move with my division to Emmitsburg, where I wound find Colonel Huey's brigade, of Brigadier-General Gregg's division; that Lee's army had evacuated Gettysburg at 3 o'clock that morning; that a heavy train of wagons was moving on the road to Hagerstown; that I was expected to take with me my entire division and the brigade referred to, destroy this train, and operate on the enemy's rear and flanks. We reached Emmitsburg at 3 p. m. Colonel Huey's brigade joined the division at this place. Without halting, passed out on the road to Monterey, intending to cross the mountain at that point. Stuart's to Montery, intending to cross the mountain at that point . Stuart's

63 R R-VOL XXVII, PT I

