
cavalry was at Miller's. We forced him off the road and passed on. The top of the mountain had nearly been gained when the enemy opened on the advance with artillery and infantry. At the same time the rear, under Colonel Huey, was attacked by Stuart's cavalry. On my left was a deep ravine, on my right a steep, rugged mountain, and a road too narrow to reserve even a gun. To add to this unpleasant position, it was raining in torrents. Never under such perilous circumstances did a command behave better; not a word was spoken; there was no confusion. From a farmer's boy I learned the nature of the road and country on the mountain, made my disposition, and ordered a charge. In a moment the heights were gained and many prisoners taken. Now the rumble of the enemy's train could be heard rolling down the mountain. The enemy was in position half a mile farther on, at the intersection of the road from Gettysburg to Hagerstown and the road upon which I was moving. The enemy's infantry and artillery were approaching rapidly on the Gettysburg road, and he had already opened on my position with two guns. No time was to be lost if I wished to reach the train and save my command. Pennington, always ready, always willing, quickly came into position, and returned the enemy's fire. General Custer's brigade was ordered to move forward, clear the road, and attack the train. The attack was successful. In the meantime the First Vermont Cavalry(Lieutenant-Colonel Preston) had been sent along the mountain over a wood road to Smithsburg, and thence of Hagerstown, to intercept the train. A strong force of dismounted men and two guns of Pennington's battery were now sent on the road in the direction of Gettysburg, to barricade the road and hold the enemy in check until the column had passed. Many fierce but unsuccessful attacks were made on this position during the night. At daylight the whole command had safety passed, and Ewells'large train was entirely destroyed, save eight forges, thirty wagons, and a few ambulances load with wounded rebel officers(sent with prisoners to Frederick City). At 9 a. m. on the 5th, the command reached Smithsburg with 1, 360 prisoners, one battle-flag, and a large number of horses and mules, several hundred of the enemy's wounded being left upon the field. We lost 5 killed, including 1 commissioned officer, 10 wounded, and 28 missing, making an aggregate of 43 killed, wounded, and missing. Stuart, having failed the previous day in forcing my rear quart, passed through Emmitsbuirg to Mechanicstown, intending to cross the mountain and intercept my command. I learned of his approach in time to receive him. On three hills commanding the two mountain roads upon which he must approach, I placed my artillery. Colonel Huey's brigade, with Fuller, s artillery, occupied the first hill, forming my front line of battle; Colonel Richmond's brigade, with Elder's battery, in the rear and right of this line, occupied the second hill; and General Custer's brigade, with Pennington's battery, in rear and some distance to the left, occupied the third hill. At 5. p. m. the rebel columns were seen debouching from the wooded moments later Elder's followed. Under this artillery fire, Stuart essayed in full retreat down the mountain side toward Wrightsville. I did

