
not purse. To save my prisoners, animals, and wagons, I returned to Boonsborough, which place we reached at 10 p. m. On the evening of the 5th, having succeeded in turning over my prisoners and captured property to General French, and learning that Stuart was at Hagerstown, barricading the roads and intrenching his position to protect the large train near that place and at Williamsport, I marched early the following morning to attack him. While on the march, I was informed that Brigadier-General Buford was at Boonsborough, and about to march on Williamsport. I rode back, and informed General Buford of my intentions, at the same time placing my command at this disposal. It was then decide that my division should attack Stuart, while General Buford's command attacked Williamsport. I moved on Hagerstown, and fell suddenly on Stuart, who expecting me from the direction of Gettysburg, was surprised, routed and drive toward Greencastle and Gettysburg. One of the pursuing parties having returned and brought in prisoners belonging to Hood's division of infantry, who informed me that their whole division was marching for Hagerstown, and but a few miles distant, I left one brigade under Colonel Richmond to hold the enemy in check, and marched rapidly with the two remaining brigades for Williamsport, to assist General Buford, hoping that the command united would be able to destroy the train at Williamsport before the enemy's infantry could come up General Custer's brigade moved down the pike, drove in the rebel pickets, and soon became hotly engaged with the enemy on General Buford's right, within less than 1 mile of Williamsport. General Custer had finally pushed his regiments one after another to the front, and was about to advance, with every prospect of success, when I received a dispatch from Colonel Richmond, saying that the enemy had attacked him with infantry, cavalry, and artillery. Word came at the same time that a column of infantry was moving on my right flank. It was now 6 p. m. A few moments later General Buford sent a staff officer to say that he was about to retire; that the feared the enemy would move down on the Sharpsburg pike and intercept our retreat. My command was in a most perilous position, attacked in front, rear, and flank, and no prospect of a safe retreat till night. Slowly the regiments of each brigade fell back, taking up one position after another, repulsing each attack until night set in, and we formed a junction with General Buford, both commands going into camp near Jone's Cross-Roads. I cannot pass over this engagement without mentioning a few among the many individual cases of gallantry that came under my own observation:Captain Snyder, Dahlgren, and Chauncy, the first killed, the last two wounded, leading a daring charge through the streets of Hagerstown. The officers of my regular staff-Major Taggart, Captains Estes, Armstrong, and McMasters, Lieutenants Whittaker and Blunt, and Dr. Capehart-all did their duty in this engagement, as they have in all others, like brave and gallant gentlemen. Colonel Richmond, commanding First Brigade, and Lieutenants Elder, Pennington, and Hamilton, of the artillery, deserve the greatest praise. I am greatly indebted to the officers and men of the Harris Light Cavalry for the safe and successful retreat of the command. The enemy's loss, as we afterward learned, was great. We lost:Officers, 4 killed, 4 wounded, and 8 missing; enlisted men, 11 killed, 48 wounded, and 100 missing.

