
We failed in destroying the large trains parked at Williamsport, but forced the enemy to burn a large train northwest of Hagerstown. On the morning of July 7, we marched to Boonsbrough, and encamped. On the morning of July 9, the enemy attacked General Buford's command near Funkstown, and was reported to be advancing in force. The division was at once moved out on the Hagerstown pike, and placed in position in rear of General Buford. At 12 m. General Custer relieved General Merritt's brigade, giving me the right center. At 1. 30 p. m. Colonel Richmond relieved Colonel Devin, of General Buford's division. I then had the center and left, General Buford holding the right with one brigade. All day we fought the enemy, mounted and dismounted. Late in the evening, General Buford dismounted his brigade on the right, and, with one regiment of General Custer's brigade, forced the enemy to give way. I signaled an advance to my whole column. Colonel Huey had the left, Colonel Richmond the center, and General Custer the right. The movements commenced at sundown. The enemy gave way at all points, and was pursued until too dark to follow farther. We lost in this affair:Officers, 1 killed and 9 wounded; enlisted men, 5 killed, 15 wounded, and 21 missing. The enemy's loss is unknown. On the 11th, the division was ordered to move to the right of Major-General Sedgwick's corps, which had the extreme right of our line of battle. On the 12th, I was ordered to advance with one brigade on infantry(Brigadier-General Ames') on Hagerstown, drive the enemy out, and occupy the town, which order was obeyed with slight loss. The enemy suffered greatly. We captured 100 prisoners. On the 13th, the enemy made a slight attack on my position, but were repulsed. Five hundred militia(the Philadelphia Blues) assisted in this repulse. *

Respectfully submitted.

J. KILPATRICK,

Brig. General of Volunteers, Comg. Third Division.

Captain A. J. COHEN;

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps.

No. 360. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Henry E Davies. jr., Second New York Cavalry, First Brigade.

RAPPAHANNOCK STATION, VA.,

June 10, 1863.

LIEUTENANT:I herewith forward a report of the part taken by my regiment in the cavalry action at Brandy Station, Va., June 9. Arriving upon the field, by order of Colonel Kilpatrick formed

---------------

*Portion of report here emitted

relates to fight at Falling Watters, and is a duplicate of account given under date of August 7. See p. 900.

+After reorganization of June 11. the regiment was Second Brigade, Second Division

---------------

