
column of squadrons, and charged upon a regiment of the enemy, drawn up on the north side of the railroad. On reaching the railroad, by reason of an order improperly given, as is alleged, the head of the column was turned to the left, and proceeded some distance down the railroad, where it crossed, and charged another body of the enemy. Having crossed the railroad myself, and charged directly on the enemy, I am unable to give a detailed report of the execution that was done. After the first charge, the command was broken up into detachments, which attacked the enemy in different directions. Captain Hasty, with his squadron, retook two of our guns that had been taken by the enemy, but in consequence of the horses being all killed, was unable to bring them off the field, and was obliged to abandon them. When the order was given for retiring, I collected and withdrew the regiment in perfect order, covering the retreat by Captain Mitchell's squadron and skirmishers under the command of Major Cooke, who held the enemy completely in check. I add a list of wounded and missing. The wounded reported as such, have been brought in and sent to hospital . The missing are either killed or wounded and prisoners in the hands of the enemy. I desire to mention, for gallant conduct on the field Major Cooke, Captains Mitchell, Downing, and Hasty, and Second Lieutenant Robert Stuart, who, with 6 men only, charged into a regiment of the enemy. There are other officers, doubtless, entitled to distinguished mention, but owing to the separation of the command that I have mentioned, I cannot report from my own knowledge what was done. The number of wounded brought in is 1 commissioned officer(First Lieutenant Poughkeepsie)and 14 enlisted men. The number of missing is 33 enlisted men. The number of prisoners taken by my command I cannot state. as all, when taken, were sent to the rear, and turned over to division headquarters. No colors were taken by my regiment.

Respectfully submitted.

H. E. DAVIES, JR.,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

First Lieutenant P. O. JONES,

Regiment Adjutant, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

No. 361. Reports from Brig. General George A. Custer, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade of, and Third Division.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, THIRD DIVISION.

September 9, 1863.

I have the honor to submit the following report of the engagements in which my command participated during the Pennsylvania and Maryland campaigns. Owing to the frequency with which this brigade encountered the enemy, my report assumes the form of a diary:

FIRST MICHIGAN CAVALRY.

On June 30, the regiment was ordered to support Battery M, Second U. S. Artillery, at Hanover, Pa. No loss was sustained by the regiment here, as it was not actively engaged.

