
On July 2, at the battle of Hunterstown, one squadron, under command of Captain Duggan, was detailed to hold the road leading into the town from the right front of it. One platoon was deployed as skirmishers on the left of the road leading into town from the rear. This platoon was actively engaged and did good service. The regiment sustained no loss upon this day. On July 3, engagement 2 or 3 miles to the right of the Two Taverns, in which this regiment charged in close column upon Hampton's brigade, using the saber only, and driving the enemy from the field, with a loss to this regiment of 6 officers and 80 men. On July 4, the regiment moved with the division toward Monterey Gap. At Fountain Dale, was sent upon a road leading from the right of the town to Fairfield Gap, where the enemy was found occupying it. A charge was made by one squadron, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Stagg, with success and against superior numbers. The enemy were driven out and the Gap held until the entire column and train had passed. Here the regiment sustained a heavy loss. Colonel Stagg, in leading the charge, had his horse killed, and was himself seriously injured by the falling of the same. Here Captain William R. Elliott was mortally wounded, and Lieutenant James S. McElhenny killed; 17 men also lost. At Monterey Pass, the regiment lost 2 officers and 6 men. On July 5 and 6, at Smitsburg, the regiment supported Battery M, Second U. S. Artillery, sustaining no loss. At Boonsborough on July 8 the regiment was often under fire, but men with no loss. On July 12, this regiment had the advance to Hagerstown. Five companies were deployed as skirmishers before the town. One squadron, by order of Brigadier-General Kilpatrick, charged into the town, capturing several prisoners, one man only of the squadron being injured. On July 13, the regiment was on outpost duty, and engaged with the enemy most of the day. Loss, 3 men severely wounded. On the 14th, this regiment was engaged in the action at Falling Waters, and had the honor of capturing 2 battle-flags and so much Waters, and had the honor of capturing 2 battle-flags and so much of the Forty-seventh Regiment Virginia Infantry as was upon the field, being 5 officers and 56 men. Captain Snyder, of this regiment, was mortally wounded while gallantly leading a squadron of the Eighteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry in the streets of Hagerstown, July 6. Since the engagement at Falling Waters this regiment has been under the command of Major M. Brewer, and has participated in the following engagements:At Newby's Cross-Roads, Va., July 24; lost, in killed wounded, and missing 7 men. A portion of the regiment was engaged in a skirmish at Barbee's Cross-Roads on July 25.

FIFTH MICHIGAN CAVALRY.

June 30. -Was engaged in severe skirmishing with the enemy near Hanover, Pa.

July 3. -At 10 p. m. moved out, and met the enemy on the right, at Gettysburg. The regiment was dismounted to fight on foot on the left of the brigade. Major Ferry was killed. Participated in the several charges made on that day.

July 4. -Participated in the engagement at Monterey Pass, where part of a large train and many prisoners were captured. July 5. -Was in the engagement at Smithsburg.

