2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
Dec. 4,
" On motion of Mr. KING,
Resolved, That the Senate concur in the resolution passed
l>y the Hause of Representatives for tile appointment of a
joint committee to wait on the President of tlie United
St'-ifes, and to inform him that a quorum" of each House had
assembled, and that Congress is ready to receive any com-
munication he may be pleased to matce.
On motion of Mr. KING, the committee was
ordered to he appointed by the Chair; and Messrs.
King and Davis of Massachusetts were appointed
by the Chair the committee on the part of the
Senate.
On motion of Mr. CAMERON,
Ordered, That each Senator be supplied durin,? the pres-
entation with newspapersas heretofore,not exceeding the
cost of four daily papers.
The Senate adjourned;
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December-4, 1848.
At twelve o'clock, m., the House was called to
order by the Speaker, Hon. Robert 0. Ww-
throi>, and the roll (as published above) having
been called by the Clerk, Thomas J. Campbell,
Esq., it appeared that 178 gentlemen had answered
to their names—being all the members of the
House, with the exception of the following, who
were absent:
Prom th£ State of Maine—Messrs. Hiram
Belcher, Asa W. H. Ciapp, and David Hammons.
From the State of New Hampshire—Mr. Chs.
H. Peaslee.
From the State of Mass achitsetts—Mr. Horace
Marfn.
From the State of New York—Messrs. Wil-
liam Collins, Washington Hunt, Robert L. Rose,
1 and Peter H. Silvester.
From theStateof Pennsylvania—Messrs. Snml.
A. Bridges, Chester Butler, John Freedley, Alex-
ander irvin, Andrew Stewart, &iul David Wilrciot.
From the State of^DEtA-WAitE—Mr. John W.
Houston. .
From" the State of Maryland—Mr. John G.
Chapman.
From the State of Virginia—Messrs. Richard
L. T. Beale, Thomas S. Flournoy, Andrew S.
Fulton, and John S. PSndleton.
From the State of South Carolina—Messrs.
Armistead Burt, R. Barnwell Rhett, Richard F.
Simpson, and Oaniel Wallace.
From, the State of Gr.oiu.iA—Messrs. Alfred
Iverson and Robert Toombs.
From the State of Alaiiama—Messrs. John
Gayle and George fi, Houston.
From the Stale of Louisiana—Mr. Bannon G.
Thibodeaux.
From the State of Ohio—Mr. David Fisher.
From the State of Kentucky—Messrs. Green
Adams, Boverly L. Clarke, Garnett Duncan, and
Charles S. Morehcad.
Fiom the Stnjcof Tennessee—Messrs. William
M. Cocke, John H. Crozicr, and Meredith P.
Gentry.
From the State of Iixinois—Messrs. Orlando
B. Ficldiil, Abraham Lincoln, and John A. Mc-
Clernand. •
From the State of Missouri—-Mr. James b.
Bowhn.
From the State of Arkansas—Mr. Robert W.
Johnson.
Fiom the State of Florida—Mr. E. Carrin^ton
Cabell.
From the State of Ti:x.\s—Mr. Timothy Pills-
bury.
From the State of Iowa—Mr. Shepherd Leffler.
Two new members, elected to supply vacancies
which occurred at the last session in the repre-
sentation from the State of New York, appealed,
were qualified according to law, and took then-
seats, viz:Mr. Esboxd J?lackmau, elected to sup-
ply the vacancy occasioned by the death of the
Hon. Jon:: M. iloi.Lttv'. and Mr. Horace Ghee-
ley, elected in the place of Dahu S. Jjcksov,
Esq., whose seat, being contested at the last ses-
sion by jnnics Monroo, L.-q., wus declared vacant
by the House. }
Mr. WENTW0RTH rose to offer a resolu-
tion, which he sent up to the Clerk to be readr
A PRIVILEGED QUESTION.
Mr. WILSON rose to a privileged question.
At the commencement of the hist session of Con-
gress, he. .saici; the Territory of Wisconsin was
represented on this floor by the Hon. Mr. Tweedy
as Delegate. In the course of the last session of
Congress an act was passed for the admission of
Wisconsin into the Union, and subsequently to
the passage of that act two gentlemen were elected
by the State of Wisconsin to represent her upon
this floor. By the act for the admission of Wis-
consin into the Union, the boundaries of that
State were defined, leaving out a portion of the
territory and people who had formerly constituted
a part of the Territory of Wisconsin.
Mr. WENTWOjlTH interposed, and stated
that the resolution he *proposed wa? merely the
ordinary resolution for the organization of the
House; and as the resolution-of the gentleman
from. New Hampshire would be likely to give rise
to some debate, he asked the gentleman to waive
it for a moment, that his resolution might be
adopted.
The SPEAKER stated that the proposition of
the gentleman from New Hampshire, relating to
the admission of a member of the House, would
clearly ba a privileged question.
Mr. WILSON, however, yielded for a moment
to
Mr. WENTWORTH, who offered the follow-
ing resolution; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That a committee be appointed, on the part of
the Hou-e, to join such committee a- may be appointed on
the partof tile Senate, to waiton the L're-i'kntnf the United
States, .i>id to info'in Iiim that a quoiuni of the two Houses
is assembled, tind that Congress is now leady to receive any
communication lie may be pleased to make.
The following gentlemen were appointed by the
Speaker to compose the said committcc on the part
of the House:
Messrs. Went worth, Rockwell of Connecti-
cut, and StiEppERD.
Mr. WILSON resumed. Subsequently to the
members from the State of Wisconsin taking
their places in this House, Hon. Mr. Tweedy, the
Delegate from that Territory, as formerly consti-
tuted, formally resigned his office. The former
Governor of that Territory was elected to repre-
sent the State in the Senate of the United States,
and accepting of that office, the office of Governor
was of course vacated. By the law, in the ab-
sence .of the Governor of the Territory, or in case
of his death, resignation, or disqualification, the
Secretarvof the Territory becomes the acting Gov-
ernor. Governor Catlin, the Secl'ctary of theTei-
ntory, issued his proclamation to the people re-
quiring them to assemble and elect a Delegate to
represent them in this Congress, and on the 30th
October an election was held, and Hon. Henry H
Sibley was elected. He (Mr. S.) had the certifi-
cate of Governor Catlin, under the seal of the Ter-
ritory of Wisconsin, certifying the fact of his elec-
tion.
In reference to this case, the House, lie hoped,
would fTrtrdon him while he referred to one or two
precedents. The first which he found occurred as
early as 1803 or 1804. It related to the Delegate
from the Northwest Territory. The gentleman
elected before the admission of Ohio into the Union
held his jseat upon the floor of this House, and,
upon that State being admitted, and upon the rep-
resentatives from the State of Ohio taking their
seats in the House, a resolution was offered de-
claring the seat of the Delegate vacated in conse-
quence of Ohio being admitted as a State. The
resolution was referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions, and that committee immediately decided that
the Delegate was entitled to hold his seat. "The
case he found in the volume of "Contested Elec-
tions," from the Library, patje 137—the case of
Paul Fearing. He would read but a single sen-
tence from it: "The erection of a Territory into a
State does not necessarily vacate the seat of the
Delegate." The committee reported a resolution
that the Delegate from the Territory northwest of
the Ohio was still entitled to a seat in this House,
and Mr. Fearing having taken his seat at tlie com-
mencement of the session, continued to hold his
seat.
The next case whfch he found was in the year
183,"., and sprung from the very same Territory to
which he was now asking the attention of the
House. The Territory of Michigan, as iirst or-
ganized, embraced simply the peninsula which
now constituted the, State of Michigan. Subse-
quently, as the Indian titles were extinguished to
the Territory of Wisconsin, that was ad"dcd to the
Territory of Michigan, making; a part of Michigan,
and subject to the Jaws of Michigan. At a still
subsequent period, Iowa was also added, and con-
stituted apart of Michigan. In the year 1835,
Michigan called a convention, organized a State
Government, adopted a constitution, and pro-
ceeded to elect Representatives to Congress. The
Territory of Michigan elected Hon. George W\
Jones to represent them, who took his seat, and
was permitted to hold his seat. The State of
Michigan elected Hon. Mr. Cary to represent the
State, and subsequently Mr. Cary took, his seat.
Mr. Jones continued to hold his seat as Delegate
from Michigan, notwithstanding the admission of
the State of Michigan into the Union, and its be-
ing represented by Mr. Cary.
The present case rented upon a precisely similar
state of facts, and involved the same piinciples.
Mr. Sibley represented a portion—three or four
thousand—of those inhabitants who were for-
merly under the jurisdiction and laws of Wiscon-
sin, and were still governed by the laws of the
Territory of Wisconsin, with magistrates exer-
cising their authority under the laws of the Terri-
tory of Wisconsin. He (Mr. S.) now presented
himself as a Delegate.
He bad thought proper to make these remarks,
and he hoped.Mr. Sibley would be admitted with-
out objection.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, said the remarks sub-
mitted by the gentleman from New Hampshire
involved many important principles, which should
be considered by the House and oughtto be inves-
tigated by a committee; and as the House were
not now in a situation to dispose of the subject to
its ov/n satisfaction, and as no danger or injury
was likely to arise from its delay until the com-
mittees were appointed and the House was organ-
ized, he would suggest to the gentleman from New
Hampshire not to press this subject at this time,
but allow it to lie over until the appointment of the
committees, and then have it referred. If the gen-
tleman should insist uporffche consideration now,
he should feel constrained to move its reference to
the proper committee.
Mr. WILSON replied, that he had submitted his
remarks with the papers in the hope that the case
was so clepr that no objections would fee made.
Understanding, however, the suggestion of the
gentleman from Georgia to be of the nature of an
objection, he. would submit the papers and ask that
they be printed and referred to the Committee of
Elections.
The motion was agreed to.
• SEATS.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, moved the follow-
ing resolution:
Rewired, That the CJei k of this Ifou^e, immediate!} after
the pa-sa-jo of th's resolution, place in a nrvx the name of
each member of the House of llepiesentative*, upon a sep-
arate piece of paper, and tbar lit then proceed, in the pres-
ence of the llou^o, to draw from t-aid box, one at a time,
the said pieces of papei; and as each is d a\vn, he Pha'l
announce the name of the member upon it, who «.bal] then
choose his seat for the pieseut K'ssioru Provided, Tnat
before said drawing shall commence, the Speak*.i t-iiall
c>au*?<? eveiy seat to be vacated, and shall see that each seat
continues vacant until it is selected under this order.
Mr. MURPHY moved,t& amend the resolution
by striking out all after the word resolved, and
inserting—
«TiuU the members retain for the present session the
seat-« which tliey occupied at the last one."
The amendment was rejected.
The resolution was then, under the operation
of the previous question, moved by Mr. Evans,
agreed to, and the House proceeded to execute the
order; which having been disposed of—
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, moved the following
resolution, which was agreed to:
Resolved, That twelve o'clock, in., be the daily hour of
meeting until otherwise Oidered.
CHAPLAINS.
Mr. HENLEY offered the following resolution:
Resolved, (the Senate concmririg.) That two chaplains, of
dlfierent denominations, be elected by Congress, one by
each House, to serve dining the present dcssion, who shall
intei change weekly.
Mr. H. moved the previous question, which
was seconded; and, under the operation thereof,
the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois, gnve notice of his in-
tention to ask leave to introduce bills of the follow-
ing fitles:
A hill granting tb the State of Illinois the right
of way, and a donation of the public lands, for
