THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 5b,
the capacity of republican governments to prose-
cute successfully a just and necessary foreign war
with all the vigor usually attributed to more arbi-
trary forms of government. It has been usual for
writers on public law to impute to republics a want
of that unity, concentration vof purpose, and vigor
of execution, which are generally.admitted to be-
long to the monarchical and.aristocratic forms; and
this feature of popular government has been sup-
posed to display itself mare particularly in the con-
duct of a war carried on in an enemy's territory.
The war "with Great Britain in 1812, was to a great
extent cbnfined within our own limits, and shed
but little light on this subject. But the war which
we have just closed by an honorable peace, evinces
beyond all doubt that a popular representative
government is equal to any emergency which is
likely to arise in the affairs of a nation.
The war with Mexico has developed most stri-
kingly and conspicuously another feature in our in-
stitutions. It is, that without cost to the Government
or danger to our liberties, we have, in the bosom
of our society of freemen, available in a just and
necessary war, virtually a standing army of two
millions of armed citizen-soldiers, such as fought
the battles of Mexico.
But our military strength does not consist alone
in our capacity for extended and successful oper-
ations on land. The navy is an important arm of
the national defence. If the services of the navy
were not so brilliant as those of the army" in the
late war with Mexico, it was because they had no
enemy to meet on therr own element. While the
army had opportunity of performing more conspic*
uOus service, the navy largely participated in the
conduct of the war. Both branches of the service
performed their whole duty to the country. For
the able and gallant services of the officers and men
of the navy—acting independently as well as in
cooperation with our troops—in the conquest of
the Cahfornias, the capture of Vera Cruz, and the
seizure and occupation of other important positions
on the Gulf and Pacific coasts, the highest praise,
is due. Their vigilance, energy, and skill rendered
the most effective service in excluding munitions
of war and other supplies from the enemy, while
they secured a safe entrance for abundant supplies
•for our own army. Our extended commerce was
nowhere interrupted; and for this immunity from
the evfls of war, the country is indebted to the
navy.
High praise is due to the officers of the several
executive bureaus, navy-yards, and stations con-
nected with the service, all under the immediate
direction of the Secretary of the Navy, for the in-
dustry, foresight, and energy with which every-
thing was directed anxLfurnished to giye efficiency
to that branch of thefBhuce. The same vigilance
existed in duecting the operations of the navy, as'
of the army. There was concert of action and of
purpose between the heads of the two arms of the
service. By the orders which were from time to
time issued, our vessels of war on the Pacific and
the Gulf of Mexico were stationed in proper time
and in proper positions to cooperate efficiently with
the army. By this means their combined power
was brought to bear successfully on the enemy.
The great results which have been developed
and brought to light by this war, will be of im-
measurable importance in the future progress of
our country. They will tend powerfully to pre-
serve us from foreign collisions, and to enable us
to pursue uninterruptedly our chcrtshed policy of
u peace with all nations, entangling alliances with
none."
Occupying, as we do, a more commanding posi-
tion among nations than at any former period, our
duties and our responsibilities to ourselves and to
posterity are correspondingly increased. This
will be the more obvious when we consider the
vast additions which have been recently made to
our territorial possessions, and their great import-
ance and value.
"Within less than four years the annexation of'
Texas to the Union has been consummated; all \
conflicting title to the Oregon Territory south .of j
the forty-ninth degree of north latitude, being all j
that was insisted on by any of my predecessors,
has been adjusted; and New Mexico and Upper |
California have been acquired by treaty. The 1
area of these several Territories, according to a i
report carefully prepared by the Commissioner of j
the General Land Office from the mosi authentic j
information in his possession, and which is here- i
with transmitted, contains one million one hundred
and ninety-three thousand and sixty-one square
miles, or seven hundred and sixty-three million
five hundred and fifty-nine thousand and forty
acres; while the area of the remaining twenty-nine
States, and the territory not yet organized into
States eastjof the Rocky Mountains, contains two
million fifty-nine thousand five hundred and thir-
teen square miles, or thirteen hundred and eighteen
million one hundred and twenty-six thousand and
fifty-eight acres'. These estimates show that the
territories recently acquired, and over which our
exclusive jurisdiction and dominion have been ex-
tended, constitute a country more than half as
large as all that which was held by the United
States before their acquisition. If Oregon be ex-
cluded from the estimate, there will still remain
within the limits of Texas, New Mexico, and
California, eight hundred and fifty-one thousand
five hundred and ninety-eight square miles, or five
hundred and forty-five million twelve thousand
seven hundred and twenty acres; being an addition
equal to more than one-third of all the territory
owned by the United States before their acquisi-
tion; and, including Oregon, nearly as great an
extent of territory as the whole of Europe, Russia
only excepted. The Mississippi, so lately the
frontier of our country, is now only its centre.
With the addition of the late acquisitions, the
United States are now estimated to be nearly^as
large as the whole of Europe. It is estimated by
the superintendent of the coast survey, in the ac-
companying refjort, that the extent of the scacoast
of Texas on the Gulf of Mcxico is upwards of
four hundred miles*, of the coast of Upper Cali-
fornia, on the Pacific, of nine hundred and seventy
miles; and of Oregon, including the Straits of
Fuca, of six hundred and fifty miles; making the
whole extent of scacoast on the Pacific one thou-
sand six hundred and twenty miles, and the whole
extent on both the Pacific arid the Gulf of Mexico
two thousand and twenty miles. The length of
the coast on the Atlantic, from the northern limits
of the United States, around the Capes of Florida
to the Sabine, on the easternlL oandary of Texas,
is estimated to be three thousand one hundred
miles; so that the addition of seacoast, including
Oregon, is very nearly two-thirds as great as all
we possessed before; and, excluding Oregon, is an
addition of one thousand three hundred and sev-
enty miles; being nearly equal to one-half of the
extent of coast which we possessed before these
acquisitions. We have now-three great maritime
fronts—on the Atlantic, the Gulf oi' Mexico, and
the Pacific—making in the whole an extent of sea-
coast exceeding five thousand miles. This is the
extent of the seacoast of the United States, not
including bays, sounds, and small irregularities of
the main shore, and of the sea islands. If these
j be included, the length of the shore line of coast,
as estimated by the superintendent of the coast
survey, in his report, would be thirty-three thou-
sand and sixty-three miles.
It would be difficultto calculate the value of these
immense additions to our territorial possessions.
Texas, lying contiguous to the western boundary
of Louisiana, embracing within its-limits a part of
the navigable tributary waters of the Mississippi,
and an extensive seacoast, could not long have
remained in the hands of a foreign power without
endangeringthepeaceof our southwestern frontier.
Her products in the vicinity of the tributaries of
the M ississippi musthave sought a market through
these streams," running into and through our'terri-
tory; and the danger of irritation and collision-of
interests between Texas as a foreign State and our-
selves would have been imminent, while the em-
barrassments in the commercial intercourse between
them musthave been constant and unavoidable, j
Had Texas fallen into the hands, or under the"!
influence and control of a strong maritime or mih- j
tary foreign power, as she might have done, these !
dangers would havebeen still greater. They have j
been avoided by her voluntary and peaceful annex- |
ation to the United States. Texas, fiom her posi-
tion, was a natural and almost indispensable part of ■
our territories. Fortunately, she has been restored '
to our country, and now constitutes one of the ji
States of our Confederacy, " upon an equal footing ||
with theoriginal States." The salubrity of climate* <!
the fertility of soil, peculiarly adapted to the pro- j!
duction of some of our most valuable staple com- "
modities, and her commercial advantages, must
soon make her one of our most populous States.
New Mexico, though situated in the interior,
and without a seacoast, is known to contain much
fertile land, to abound m rich mines of the precious
metals, an^ to becapableof sustaining a large pop-
ulation^ From its position, it is the intermediate
and connecting territory between our settlements
and our possessions in Texas, and those on the
Pacific coast.
Upper California, irrespective of the vast min-
eral wealth recently developed there, holds at this
day, in point of value and importance to the rest
of the Union, the same relation that Louisiana did,
when that fine territory was acquired from France
forty-five years ago. Extending nearly ten de-
grees of latitude along the Pacific, and embracing
the only safe and commodious harbors on that
coast for many hundred miles, with a temperate
climate, and an extensive interior of fertile lands,
it is scarcely possible to estimate its wealth until
it shall be brought under the government of our
laws, and its resources fully developed. From its
position, it must command the rich commerce of
China, of Asia, of the islands of the Pacific, of
Western Mexico, of Central America, the South
American States, and of the Russian possessions
bordering on that ocean. A great emporium will
doubtless speedily arise on the Cahfornian coast,
which may be destined to rival in importance New
Orleans itself. The depot of the vast commerce
which must exist on the Pacific will probably he
at some point on the bay of San Francisco, and
will occupy the same relation to the whole west-
em coast of that ocean, as New Orleans does to
the valley of the Mississippi and the Gulf of Mex-
ico, To this depot our numerous whale ships will
resort with their cargoes, to trade, refit, and obtain
'supplies. This of itself will largely contribute to
build up a city, which would soon become the
centre of a great and rapidly increasing commerce.
Situated on a safe harbor, sufficiently capacious
for all the navies as well as the marine of the
world, and convenient to excellent timber for ship
building, owned by the United States, it must be-
come our great western naval depot.
It was known that mines of the precious metals
existed to a considerable extent in California at
the time of its acquisition. Recent discoveries
render it probable that these mines are more exten-
sive and valuable than was anticipated. The
accounts of the abundance of gold in .that terri-
tory are of such an extraordinary character as
would scarcely command belief were they not
corroborated by the authentic reports of officers
in the putilic service, who have visited the mineral
district, and derived the facts which they detail
from personal observation. Reluctant to credit
the reports in general circulation as to the quan-
tity of gold, the officer commanding our forces in.
California visited the mineral district in July last,
for the purpose of obtaining accurate information
on the subject. His report to the War Depart-
ment of the result of his examination, and the
facts obtained on the spot, is herewith laid before
Congress. When he* visited the country,- there
were about four thousand persons engaged in col-
lecting gold. There is every leason to believe that
the number of persons so employed has since been
augmented. The explorations already made war-
rant the belief that the supply is very large, and
that ^old is found at various places in an extensive
district of country.
Information received from officers of the navy
and other sources, though not so full and minute,
confirm the accounts of the commander of our
military force in California. It appears, also, from
these reports, that mines of quicksilver are found
; in the vicinity of the gold region. One of them is
: now being worked, and is believed to be among
the most productive in the world.
The effects produced by the discovery of these
rich mineral deposites, and the success which has
attended the labors of those who have resorted to
them, have produced a surprising change in the
state of affairs in California. Labor commands a
most exorbitant price, and all other pursuits but
that of searchipg for the precious metals are aban-
doned. Nearly the whole of the male population
of the country have gone to the gold district.
Ships arriving on the coast are deserted by their
crews, and their voyages suspended for want of
sailors. Our commanding officer there'entertains
apprehensions that soldiers cannot be kept in the
public servicc without a. large increase of pay.
Desertions in his command have become frequent,
