1848.
E CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and he recommends that those who shall withstand
the strong temptation, and remain faithful, should
be rewarded.
This abundance of gold, and the all-engrossing
pursuit of it, have already caused in California an
unprecedented rise in the price of the necessaries
of life.
That we may the more speedily and fully avail
ourselves of the undeveloped Wealth of these mines,
it is deemed of vast importance that a branch of
the mint of the United States be authorised to be
established,%t your present session, in California.
Among other signal advantages which would result
from such an establishment would be-that of rais-
ing the gold to its par value in that Territory. A
branch mint of the United States at the great com-
mercial depot on the west coast, would convert into
our own coin not only the gold derived from our
own rich mi'nes, but also the bullion and specie*
which our commerce may bring from the whole
west coast of Central and South America. The
west coast of America and the adjacent interior
embrace the richest and best mines of Mexico,
-New Granada, Central America, Chili, and Peru.
The bullion and specie drawn from these countries,
and especially from those of Western Mexico and
Peru, to an amount in value of many millions of
dollars, are now annually diverted and carried by
the ships of Great Britain to her own ports, to be
recoined or use,d to sustain her National Bank, and
thus contribute to increase her ability to command
so much of the commerce of the world. If a branch
mint be established at the great commercial point
upon that coast, a vastamount of bullion and specie
would flow thither to be reboined, and pass thence
to New Orleans, New York, and other Atlantic
cities. The amount of our constitutional currency }
at home would be greatly increased, whHe its cir- j
culation abroad would.be promoted. It is well
known to our merchants trading to -China and the
west coast of America, tjiat great inconvenience <
and loss are experienced from the fact that our !
coins are not current at their par value in those I
countries. |
The Powers of Europe, far removed from The
west coast of America by the Atlantic Ocean which |
intervenes, and by a tedious and dangerous navi- I
gation around the southern cape of the continent !
of America, can never successfully compete with
the United States in the rich and extensive com- ;
merce which is opened to us at so much less cost '
by the acquisition of California. f;
The vast importance and commercial advantages j
of California have heretofore remained urvdevel--j
oped hy the government of the country of which it
and control over them under the authority of Mex
ico had ceased to exist. Impressed with the ne-
cessity of establishing territorialgovernments over
them, I recommended the subject to the favorable
consideration of Congress"in my message commu-
nicating the ratified treaty of peace, on the sixth of
July last, and invoked their action at thatsession.
'Congress adjourned without making any provision
for their government. The inhabitants, by the
transfer of their country, had heeome entitled to
the benefits of our laws and Constitution, and yet
were left without any regularly organized govern-
ment. Since that time, the v^ry limited power
I possessed by the Executive has been exercised to
I preserve and protect thefn from the inevitable con-
sequences of a state o£ anarchy. The only gov-
ernment which remained was that established by
the military authority during the war. Regarding
this to be a de facto government, &nd that by the
presumed consent of the inhabitants it misjht be
continued temporarily, they were advised to con-
form and submit to it for the short intervening pe-
riod before Congress would again assemble and
could legislate on the subject. The views enter-
tained by the Executive on this point are contained
in a communication of the Secretary of'State,
dated the seventh of October last, which was for-
warded for publication to California and New
Mexico, a copy of which is herewith transmitted.
The small military force of the regular nrmy,
which was serving within the limits of the ac- .
which they hops mtfst ultimately overturn our
system. Ours is the great example of a prosper^
ous and free self-governed Republic, commanding
the admiration and the imitation of *U th« lovers
of freedom throughout the world. How solemn,
therefore, is the duty, how impressive the call
upon us and upon all parts of our country, to cul-
tivate a patriotic spirit of harmony, of good fel-
lowship, of compromise and mutual concession, in
the administration of the incomparable system of
government formed by our fathers in the midst of
almost insuperable difficulties, and transmitted to
us, with the injunction that we should enjoy its
blessings and hand it down unimpaired to those
who may come after us !
in view of the high and responsible duties which
we owe to ourselves and to mankind, I trust you,
may be able, at your present session, to approach
the adjustment or the only domestic question which
seriously threatens, or probably ever can threaten,
to disturb the harmony and successful operation
of our system.
The immensely valuable possessions of New
Mexico and California are already inhabited by a
considerable population. Attracted by their great
fertility, their mineral wealth, their commercial
advantages and the salubrity'of the climate, emi-
grants from the older States, in great numbers, are
already preparing to seek new homes in these in-
viting regions.
Shall the dissimilarity of the domestic insti-
tutions in the different States prevent us from
quired territories at the close of the war.,
retained in them, "and additional forces have been j! providing for them suitable governments? These
ordered there for the protection of the inhabitants, jj institutions existed at the adoption of the Constitit-
and to preserve and secure the rights and interests :j tion, but the obstacles which they interposed were
of the United States. jj overcome by that Spirit of compromise which is
No revenue has been or could be collected at 1; now invoked. In a conflict of opinions or of inter-
the ports in California, because Congress failed to ,! ests, real or imaginary, between different sections
authorise the establishment of custom-houses, or ; | of our country, neither can justly demand all which
the appointment of officers for that purpose. i it might desire to obtain. Each, in the true spirit
The Secretary of the Treasury, by a circular j of our institutipns, should concede something to
-letter addressed to collectors of the customs on the
seventh day of October last, a copy of which is
herewith transmitted, exercised all the power with
which he was invested by law.
, In pursuance of the act of the fourteenth of
August last, extending the benefit of our post
office Jaws to the people of California, the Post-
master General has appointed two agents, who
have proceeded, the one to •California, and the
other to Oregon, with authority to make the neces-
sary arrangements for carrying its provisions into
effect
The monthly line of mail steamers from Panama
to Astoria has bpen required to
the other.
Our gallant forces in the Mexican war, by whose
patriotism and unparalleled deeds of arms we ob-
tained these possessions as an indemnity for our
just demands against Mexico, were composed of
citizens who belonged to no one State or section
of our Union. They were men from slavebolding
and non-sla\eho!ding States, from the North and
the South, from the East and th^West. They
were all companions-in-arms and fellow-citizens of
the same common country, engaged in the same
common cause. When prosecuting that war, they
were brethren and friends, and shared alike with
each other common toils, dangers, and sufferings.
, - „ . - .   - —  w stop and deliver w..«, ,„&u.
constituted a part Now that this fine province is i! and take mails at San Diego, Monterey, and San : Now, when their work is ended, when peace is
a part or our country, all the States of the Union, <; Francisco." These mail steamers, connected by !( restored, and they return again to their homes,
ediatefy find directly than others, tj the isthmus ofPanama with thelineof mail steam- '■ put off the habiliments of war, take their places in
resume their pursuits in civil life,
of harmon^an'd concession, and of
, -j • • • j v vHua  ior the rights of all and of all sections
tne commercial, navigating, and-manufacturing in- j It is our solemn duty to provide, with the least . of the Union ought to prevail in providing govern-
eies s ot the eastern States. Our planting and practicable delay, for New Mexico and California, ;; ments for the acquired territories—the fruits of
arming interests in every part of the Union will jj regularly organized territorial governments. The :• their common service. The whole people of the
e grea y enented by it. As our commerce and 'j causes of the failure to do this at the last session 'I United States and of every State contributed to
naviga ion are enlarged and extended, our exports • of Congress are well known, and deeply to be re- l\ defray the expenses of that war; and it would not
o agricultural products and of manufactures w'ill J gretted. With the opening prospects of increased \\ be just for any one section to exclude another from
be increased; and in the new markets thus opened,
-,-i ?, prosperity and national greatness which the acqui-
they' cannot tail to command remunerating and ?: sition of these rich and extensive territorial pos-
-profitable prices. . . i1 sessions affords, how irrational it would be to
I he acquisition of California"&nd NewMexico, ' forego or to reject these advantage*, by th'e ao-ita-
settlement of the Oregon boundary, and the, tion of a domestic question which is'coeval with
annexation of lexas, extending to the Rio Grande, the existence of our Government itself, and to en-
ale results which, combined, are of greater conse- ; danger by internal strifes, geographical divisions,
quence, and wffl add more to the strength and ! and heated contests for political power, or for any
all participation in the acquired territory. This
. would not be in consonance with the just system
• of government which the framers of the Constitu-
1 tion adopted.
' The question is believed to be rather abstract
* than practical, whether slavery ever can or would
! exist in any portion of the acquired territory, even
if it were left to the option of the slaveholding
a-ny wJ"c,h ^re~ i other cause, the harmony of the glorious Union of States themselves. From the nature of the cli~
ce(iec| tnem since the adoption of the Constitu- ;l orvnfiiHoro+o/i Sioiao. ttjt— '■ .-v,„•  ,i .._,:_
•   ,I our confederated Slates; that "Union which binds-j mate and productions, in much the larger portion
d', ft..- , i , _ !i us together as one people, and which for sixty n of it, it is certain it could never exist; and In
fnrma hi,i vr^: §' results, not only Call- 1 years has been our shield and protection against Ihe remainder, the probabilities are, it would not.
  <L • w,must be brought underthe jevery danger. In the eyes of the world and of ll But however this may be, the cjuestion, involving
 ^ governments. The >1 posterity, how trivial and insignificant will be all as it does, a principle of equality of rights of the
,j * ' . .. . es, as equal co-partners
not be disregarded.
_ . organizing governments over these Terri-
| patriot would foment and excite geographical and ; tories, no duty imposed on Congress by the Con-
Tinnn „.c .• I! sec'i°nal divisions. No lover of his country would : stitution requires that they should legislate on the
of nracp with « 1 ,ca l?r®.o t'le t™aty j! deliberately calculate the value of the Union. Fu- I subject of slavery, while their power to do so is
of peace with Mexico on the thirtieth of May I tare venerations w™,li ln„k in „„„„ I k, , j„i.i u
mand that Congress should, at its present session
organize territorial governments over tliera.
, .  — May
last, the temporary governments which had been ,
established over New Mexico and California by !
#1111* Wi 1 1 I l**. #1 n .1 1 _< ...  .. ^ _ I «
tare generations would look in amazement upon j, not only seriously questioned, but denied by many
the folly of such a course. Other nations at the l! of the soundest expounders of that instrument.
rmr military ™,i „„m j i • Present day would look upon it with astonishment; 'i Whether Congress shall legislate or not, the people
and such of them as desire to maintain and per- of the acquired Territories, when assembled in
obligatory jj petuate thrones and monarchical or aristocratical jj convention to form State constitutions,- will pos-
sess ihe sole and exclusive power to determine
for themselves whether slavery shall ov shall not
the rights of war, ceased to derive any t ^   7
force from that source of authority; and having !
been ceded to the United Slates, ail government >
principles will view it with exultation and delight,
because in it they will see the elements of faction, i
