1848.
TH1CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
9
portation for the year of two million one hundred
and twenty-four thousand six hundred and eighty
miles, whilst the expense was less than that of the
' previous year by £yur thousand two hundred and.
thirty-five dollars.
The increase in the mail transportation within
the last three years has been five million three
hundred and seventy-eightthousand three hundred
and ten miles, whilst the expenses were reduced
four hundred and fifty-six thousand seven hundred
and thirty-eight dollars—-making an -increase* of
service at the rate of fifteen per cent., and a reduc-
tion in the expenses of more than fifteen percent.
During the past year, there have been employed,
under contracts with the Post Office Department,
two ocean steamers in conveying the mails month-
ly between New Yorkand Bremenrand one,since
-October last, performing- semi-monthly service be-
tween Charleston and Havana; and a contract has
been made for the transportation of the Pacific
mails across the isthmus from Chagres to Panama.
Under the authority .given to the Secretary of
the Navy, three ocean steamers have been con-
structed and sent to the Pacific, and are expected '
to enter upon the maii service between Panama
and Oregon, and- the intermediate p<*Ets, on the
first January next, and a fourth has been engaged
by him for the service between Havana and Cha-
gres;. so that a regular monthly mail line will be
kept up after that time between the. United States
and our territories on the Pacific. . "
Notwithstanding this great increase in the mail
service, should the revenue continue to increase
the present year as it did in the last, there will be
received near four hundred and fifty thousand dol-
lars more than the expenditures.
These considerations have satisfied the Postmas-
ter General that, with certain modifications of the
act of 1845, the revenue may be still further in-
creased, and a reduction of postages made to a
uniform rate of five cents, without an interference
with the principle, which has been constantly and
properly enforced, of making that department sus-
tain itself.
A well-digested cheap postage system isthebest
means of diffusing intelligence among the people,
and is of so much importance in a country so
extensive as that of the United States, that I recom-
mend to your favorable consideration the sugges-
tions of the Postmaster General for its improve-
ment.
Nothing can retard the onward progress of our
country, and prevent us from assuming and main-
taining the first rank among nations, but a disre-
gard of the experience of the past, and a recurrence
to an unwise public policy. We have just closed
a foreign war by an honorable peace—a war ren- !-
dered necessary and unavoidable in vindication of
the national rights and honor. The present con-
dition of the country is similar in some respects to
that which existed immediately after the close of
the war with Great Britain in 1815, and the occa- j
sion is deemed to be a proper one to take a retro- !
spect of the measures of public policy which fcfl- !
lowed that war. There was atthat period of our !
history a departure from our earlier policy. The \
enlargement of the powers o.f the Federal Govern- I
ment by construction, which obtained, was not j
warranted by any just interpretation of the Con- j
stitution. A few years after the close of that war, j
a scries of measures was adopted which, united and !
combined, constituted what was termed by their
authors and advocates the "American system." j
The introduction of the new policy was for a -
time favored by the condition of the country; by !
the heavy debt which had been contracted during I
the war; by the depression of the public credit; by !
the deranged state of-the finances and the currency; ■
and by the commercial and pecuniary embarrass- i
went which extensively prevailed. These were !
not the only causes which led to its establishment, j
The events of the war with Great Britain, and the j
embarrassments which had attended its prosecution, '
had left on the minds of many of our statesmen
the impression that our Government was not
strong enough, and that to wield its resources suc-
cessfully m great emergencies, and especially in
war, more power should be concentrated in its !
hands. This increased power they did not seek ;
to obtain by the legitimate and prescribed mode— j
an amendment of the Constitution—but by con- j
sfruction. They saw governments in the Old j
world based upon different orders of society, and j
so constituted as to throw the whole power ofi
nations into, the hands of a few, who taxed and
controlled the many without responsibility or
restraint. In that arrangement they conceived
the strength of nations in war. consisted. -There
was" also something fascinating in the ease, lux-
ury, and display of the higher orders, who drew
their wealth from the toil of the laboring millions.
The authors of the system "drew. their ideas*of
political economy from what they had witnessed
in Europe, ahd particularly in Great Britain, They
had viewed the enormous wealth concentrated in
few hands, and had seen the splendor of the over-
growrr establishments of an aristocracy which was
upheld by the. restrictive policy. They forgot to
look down upon the poorer classes of the English
population, upon whose daily and yearly labor the
great establishments they so much admired were
sustained and supported. They failed to perceive
that the scantily-fed and hal&clad operatives were
not only in abject poverty, but were bound in
chains of oppressive servitude for the benefit of
favored classes, who were the exclusive objects of
the care of the government.
It was not possible to reconstruct society in the
United States upon the European plan. Here
there was a written constitution, by which orders
and titles were not recognized or tolerated.. A
system of measures was therefore devised, calcu-
lated, if not intended, to withdraw power gradually
and silently from the States and the mass of the
people, and by construction w approximate our
government to the European models, substituting
an aristocracy of wealth for that of orders and
titles.
upon its continuance as no national evil. Whilst
the debt existed, it furnished aliment to the national
t>ank, and rendered increased taxation necessary
to the amount of the interest, exceeding seven mu-
* lions of dollars annually.
This operated in harmony with the next branch
of the new system, which was a high protective
tariff. This was to afford bounties to favored
classes and particular pursuits, at the expense of
all*others. proposition to tax the whole people
for the purpose of enriching a few, was too mon-
strous "to be openly made. The scheme was,
therefore, veiled under the plausible but delusive
pretext of a measure to protect" home industry;19
and many of our people were, for a time, led to
believe that a tax which in the main fell upon la-
bor, was for the benefit.of the laborer who paid it.
This branch of the system involved a partnership
between the Government and the favored classes—
the former receiving the proceeds of the tax im-
posed on articles imported, and the latter the in-
creased price of similar articles produced at home,
caused by such tax. It is obvious that the portion
to be received by the favored classes would, as,a
general rule, be increased in proportion to the in-
crease of the rates of tax imposed, and diminished
a-5 those rates were reduced to the revenue standard
required by the wants of the Government. The
rates required to^produce a sufficient revenue for
the ordinary expenditures of government, for ne-
cessary purposes^ were not likely to give to the
private partners in this scheme profits sufficient to
satisfy their cupidity; and hence a variety of expe-
dients and pretexts were resorted to for the pur-
Without reflecting upon the dissimilarity of our !l pose of enlarging the expenditures, and thereby
institutions, and of the condition of our people and j creating a necessity for keeping up a high protect-
those of Europe, they conceived the vain idea of i ive tariff. The effect. of this policy was to inter-
building up in the United States a system similar
to that which they admired abroad. Great Britain !
had a national bank of large capital, fn whose j
hands was concentrated the controlling monetary j
and financial power of the nation; an institution I
wielding almost1 kingly power, and exerting vast j
influence upon all the operations of trade, and upon
the policy of the government itself. GreatBritain |
had an enormous public debt? and it had become a '
part of her public policy to regard this as a " pub-
lic blessing." Great Britain had also a restrictive |
policy, which placed fetters and burdens on trade, <
and trammeled the productive industry of the mass .
of the nation. By hercombined system of policy, I
the landlords and other property-holders were pro-
tected and enriched by the enormous taxes which
were levied upon the labor of the country for their
advantage.
Imitating this foreign policy, the first stop in
establishing the new system in £he United States
was the creation of a national hank. Not fore-
seeing the dangerous power and countless evils
which such an institution might entail on the
country, nor perceiving the connection which it
was designed to form between the bank and the
pose artificial restrictions upon the natural course
of the business and trade of the country, and to
advance the interests of large capitalists and mo-
nopolists, at the expense of the great mass of the
people, who were taxed to increase their wealth.
Another branch of this system was a compre-
hensive scheme of internal improvements, capable
of indefinite enlargement, and sufficient to swallow
up as many millions annually as could be exacted
< from the foreign commerce of the country. This
;; was a convenient and necessary adjunct o$ the
'] protective tariff. It was to he the great absorbent"
. > of any surplus which might at any time accumu-
late in the treasury, and-of the taxes levied on the
;i people, not for necessary revenue purposes, but for
!; the avowed object of affording protection to the
'! favored classes.
11 Auxiliary to the same end, if it was not an
essential part of the system itself, was the scheme
; which, at a later period, obtained, for distributing
i' the proceeds of the sales of the public lands among
the States. Other expedients were devised to take
money out of the treasury, "and prevent its coming
|j in from any other source than the protective tariff,
jj The authors and supporters of the system were
other branches of the miscalled " American sys- !> the advocates of the largest expenditures, whether
tem,''but feeling the embarrassments of the treas- j for necessary or useful purposes or not, because
ury, and of the businessof the country, consequent
upon the.war, some of our statesmen who had
held different and sounder views were induced to
yield their scruples, and, indeed, settled convic-
tions of its unconstitutionality, and to give it their
sanction, as an expedient which they vainly hoped
might produce relief. It was a most unfortunate
error, as the subsequent history and final catas-
trophe of that dangerous and corrupt institution , . „    
have abundantly proved. The bank, with its nu- i everywhere of uniform value
merous branches, ramified into the States, soon tariff wastogjiveemployment to
brought many of the active political and commer-
cial rrUn in different sections of the country into
the relation of debtors to it, and dependants upon
it for pecuniary favors; thus diffusing throughout
the mass of society a great number of individuals
of power and influence to give tone to public opin-
ion, and to act in concert in cases of emergpney.
The corrupt power of such a political engine is no
longer a matter of speculation, having been dis-
played in numerous instances, but most signally
in the political struggles of 1832-®3—'4, in opposi-
tion to the public will represented by a fearless and
patriotic President.
But the bank was but one branch of the new
system. A public debt of more than one hundred
and twenty millions of dollars existed; and it is
not to be disguised that many of the authors of
the larger the expenditures the greater was the
| pretext for high taxes in the form of protective
j duties.
; ' These several measures were sustained by pop-
ular names and plausible arguments, by which
thousands were deluded. The bank was repie-
, sented to be an indispensable fiscal agent for the
j Government; was to equalize exchanges, and to
; regulate and furnish a sound currency, always and
  t~"" ~c " r'* ' The protective?
American labor"
atadvanr-ed prices; was to protect "home indus-
try," and furnish a steady market for the farmer.
Internal improvements were to bring trade into
every neighborhood, and enhance the value of
every man's property. The distribution of the
land money was to ennch the States, finish their
public work**, plant schools throughout their bor-
ders, and relieve them from taxation. But the
fact, that for every dollar taken out of the treasury
for these objects a.much larger sum was trans-
ferred from the pockets of the people to the favored
classes, was carefully concealed, as was also the
tendency, if not the ultimate design of the system,
U> build up an aristocracy of wealth, to control the
masses of society, and monopolize the political
power of the country.
The several branches of this system were so
the new system did not regard its speedy payment !; intimately blended together, that in their operation
as essential to the public prosperity, but looked d each sustained and strengthened the others. Their
