10
TUB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 5,
joint operation was, to add new burdens of tax-
ation and to encourage a largely increased and
wasteful expenditure of public money. It was
the interest of the bank that the revenue collected
and the disbursements made by the Government
should be large, because, .being the depository of
the public money, the larger the amount, the
greater would be the bank profits by its use. It
was the interest of the favored classes, who were
enriched by the protective tariff, to have the raxes
of that protection as high as possible; for the
higher those rates, the greater would be their ad-
vantage. It was the interest of the people of "all
those sections and localities who expected to be
benefited by expenditures for internal improve-
ments, that the amount collected should be as
large as possible, to the end that the sum disbursed
might also be the larger. The States being the
beneficiaries in the distribution of the land money,
had an interest in having the rates of tax imposed
by the pKotective tariff large enough to yield a
sufficient revenue from that source to meet the
wants of the Government, without disturbing or j
taking from them the land fund; so that each of
the branches constituting the system had a com-
mon interest in swelling the public expenditures.
They had a direct interest in maintaining the pub-
lic debt unpaid, and increasing its amount, because
this would produce an annual increased drain upon
the treasury, to the amount of the interest, and
render augmented taxes necessary. The opera-
tion and necessary effect of the whole system
were, to encourage large and extravagant expend-
itures, and thereby to increase the public patron-
age, and maintain a rich and splendid government
at the expense of a taxed and impoverished peo-
ple.
It is manifest that this scheme of enlarged, taxa-
tion and expenditures, had it continued to prevail,
must soon have converted the Government of the
Union, intended by its framers to be a plain, cheap,
and simple confederation of States, united together
for common protection, and charged with a few
specific duties, relating chiefly to our foreign af-
fairs, into a consolidated empire, depriving the
States of their reserved rights, and the people of
their just power and control in the administration
of their Government. In this manner the whole
form and character of the Government would be
changed, not by an amendment ofthe Constitution,
but by resorting to on unwarrantable and unau-
thorized construction "of that instrument.
The indirect mode of levying the taxes by a
duty on imports, prevents the mass of the people
from readily perceiving the amount they pay, and
has enabled the few, who are thus enriched, and
who seek to wield the political power of the coun-
try, to deceive and delude them. Were the tajjes
collected by a direct levy upon the people, as is
the case m the States, this could not occur.
The whole system was resisted from itsinception
by many of our ablest statesmen, some of whom
doubted its constitutionality and its expediency,
while others believed it was, in all its branches, a
flagrant and dangerous infraction of the Constitu-
tion .
That a national bank, a protective tariff, levied
not to raise the revenue needed, but for protection
merely, internal improvements, and the distribution
of the proceeds of the sales of the public lands, are
measures without the warrant of the Constitution,
would, upon the maturest consideration, seem to be
clear. It is remarkable that no one of these meas-
uies, involving such momentous consequences, is
authorized by any express grant of power in the
Constitution. No one of them is " incident to, as
being necessary and proper for the execution of,
the specific powers" granted by the Constitution.
The authority under which it has been attempted to
justify each of them is derived from inferences and
constructions of the Constitution which its letter
and its whole object and design do not warrant.
Is it to be conceived that such immense powers
would have been left by the framers of the Con-
stitution to mere inferences and doubtful construc-
tions? Had it been intended to confer them on the
Federal Government, it is but reasonable to con-
elude that it would have been done by plain and
unequivocal grants. This was not done; but the
whole structure of which the " Americana system "
consisted, was reared on no other or better found-
ation than forced implications and inferences of
power which its authors assumed might be de- i
duced by construction from the Constitution. I
But it has been Wged that the National Bank,
which constituted sa essential a branch of this
combined system of measures, was not a new
measure, and that its constitutionality had been
previously sanctioned, because a bank had been
chartered in 1791, and had received the official
signature of President Washington. A few facts
will show the just weight to which this precedent
should be entitled as bearing upon the question of
constitutionality.
Great division of opinion upon the subject exist-
ed in Congress. It is well known that President
Washington entertained serious doubts both as to
the'constitutionality and expediency of the meas-
ure; and while the bill was before him for his official
approval or disapproval, sogreatwere thesedoubts,
that he required "the opinion in writing" of the
members of his cabinet to aid him in arriving at a
decision. His cabinet gave their opinion,and were
divided upon the subject—General Hamilton being
in favor of, and Mr. Jefferson and Mr. Randolph
being opposed to the constitutionality and expedi-
ency of the bank. It is well known, also, that
President Washington retained the bill from Mon-
day, the fourteenth, when it was presented to him,
until Friday, the twenty-fifth of February—being
the last moment permitted him by the Constitution^
to deliberate, when he finally yielded to it his re-
luctant assent, and gave it his signature. It is cer-
tain that as late as the twenty-third of February—
being the ninth day after the bill was presented to
him—he had arrived at no satisfactory conclusion;
for on that day he addressed a note to General
Hamilton, in which he informs him that "this bill
1 was presented to me by the joint committee of
' Cohgress at 12 o'clock on Monday, the fourteenth
' instant;" and he requested his opinion " to what
' precise period, by legal interpretation ofthe Con-
' stitution, can the President retain it in his posscs-
' sion, before it becomes a law by the lapse of ten
' days." If the proper construction was, that the
day on which the bill was presented to the Presi-
dent, and the day on which hisaction was had upon
it, were both to be counted inclusive, then the time
allowed him, within which it would be competent-
for him to return it to the House in which it origi-
nated with his objections, would expire on Thurs-
day, the twenty-fourth of February. General
.Hamilton on the same day returned an answer, in
which he states: " I give it as my opinion that you
' have ten days exclusive of that on which the bill
' was delivered to you, and Sundays; hence, in the
' present ease, if it is returned on Friday, it will be
' in time." By this construction, which the Presi-
dent adopted, he gained another day for delibera-
tion, and it was not until the twenty-fifth of Febru-
ary that he signed the bill; thus affording conclu-
sive proof that he had at last obtained his own con-
sent to sign it not withodt great and almost insu-
perable difficulty. Additional light has been re-
cently shed upon the serious doubts which he had
on the subject,amounting; at one time to a convic-
tion that it was his duty to withhold his approval
from the bill. This is found among the manuscript
papers of Mr. Madison, authorized to be purchased
for the use of the Government by an act of the last
session of Congress, and now for the first time
accessible to the public. From those papers, it ap-
pears that President Washington, while he yet held
the bank bill in his hands, actually requested Mr.
Madison, at that time a member of the House of
Representatives, to prepare the draught of a veto
message for him. Mr. Madison, at his request,
did prepare the draught of such a message, and
sent it to him on the twenty-first of February, 1791.
A copy of this original draught, in Mr. Madison's
own handwriting, was carefully preserved b^bim,
and is among the papers lately purchased by Con-
gress. It is preceded by a note, written on the I
same sheet, which is also in Mr. Madison's hand- I
writing, and is as follows: j
" February 21st, 1791. Copy of a paper made
' out and sent to the President at his request, to be '
' ready in case his judgment should finally decide j
' against the bill for incorporating^ national bank, j
' the bill being then before him."
Among the objections assigned in this paper to
the bill, and which were submitted for the consid-
eration of the President, are the following:
" I object to the bill, because it is an essential
' principle of the government that powers not del-
' egated by the Constitution cannot be rightfully
' exercised; because the power proposed by the bill
' to beexercised is not expressly delegated, and be-
' cause I cannot satisfy myself that it results from
'any express power by fair and safe rules of inter-
' pretation."
The weight of the precedent of the bank of 1791,
and the sanction of the great name of Washing-
ton which has been so often invoked in its sup-
port, are greatly weakened by the development of
these facts. The experiment of that bank satis-
fied the country that it ought not to be continued,
and at the end of twenty years Congress refused
to recharter it. It would have been fortunate for
the country, and saved thousands from bankruptcy
and ruin, had ourpublic men of 1816 resisted the
temporary pressure-of the times upon our financial
and pecuniary interests, and refused to charter the
second bank. Of this the country became abun-
dantly satisfied, and at tbe close of its twenty
years7 duration, as in the case of the first bank, it
also ceased to exist. Under the repeated blows of
President Jackson, it reeled and fell, and a subse-
quent attempt to charter a similar institution was
arrested by the veto of President Tylert
Mr. Madison, in yielding his signature to the
charter of 1816, did so upon the ground of the re-
spect due to precedents; and, as he subsequently
declared, "the Bank ofthe United States, though,
on the original question, held to be unconstitution-
al, received"the Executive signature."
It is probable that neither the bank of 1791, nor
that of 1816, would have been chartered but for
the embarrassments of the Government in its
finances, the derangement of the currency, and
the pecuniary pressure which existed—the first
tbe consequence of the war of the Revolution, and
the second the consequence of the war of 1812.
Both were resorted to in the delusive hope that
thev would restore public credit, and afford relief
to the Government, and to the business of the
country.
Those of our. public men who opposed the
whole "American system," at its commencement,,
and throughout its progress, foresaw and predicted
that it was fraught with incalculable mischiefs,
and must result in serious injury to the best inter-
ests of the country. For a series of years their
wise counsels were unheeded, and the system was
established. It was soon apparent that its praeti-
i cal operation was unequal and unjust upon differ-
! ait portions of the country, and upon the people
[ engaged in different pursuits. All ware equally
j entitled to the favor and protection of the Govern-
I ment. It fostered and elevated the money-power,
i and enriched the favored few by taxing labor, and
j at the expense of the many. Its effect was to
I "make the rich richer, and the poor poorer." Its
I tendency was to create distinctions in society based
on wealth, and to give to the favored classes undue
1 control and sway in our Government. It was an
organized money-power, which resisted the popu-
lar will, and sought to shape and control the public
policy.
Under the pernicious workings of this combined
system of measures, the country witnessed alter-
nate seasons of temporary apparent prosperity; of
sudden and disastrous commercial revulsions; of
unprecedented fluctuation of prices, and depres-
sion of the great interests of agriculture, naviga-
tion, and commerce; of general pecuniary su"ffer-
ing, and of final bankruptcy of thousands. After
a severe struggle of more than a quarter of a cen-
tury, the system was overthrown.
The bank has been succeeded by a practical
system offinance, conducted and.controlled solely
by the Government. The constitutional currency
has been restored; the public credit mainlained
unimpaired, even in a period of foreign war; and
the whole country has become satisfied that banks,
national or State, are not necessary as fiscal agents
of the Government. Revenue duties have taken
| the place of the protective tariff. The distribu-
i tion of the money derived from the sale of the
j public lands has been abandoned,and the corrupt-
j ing system of internal improvements, it is hoped,
j has been effectually checked.
j! It is not doubted, that if this whole train of
;| measures designed to take wealth from the many,
I and bestow it" upon the few, were to prevail, the
! effect would be to change the entire character of
[ the Government. One only danger lemains. It is
the seductions of that branch of the system, which
; consists in internal improvements, holding out, as
it does, inducements to the people of particular
1 sections and localities to embark the Government
I in them without stopping to calculate the inevitable
