16
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 7.
among; us; and the places-which knew him shall
know him no more forever.
It only remains for me, Mr. President, to sub-
mit the following resolutions for the adoption of
the Senate;
Resolved, unanimntsly, That the Senate, from a sincere
d«-ire of showing every mark of res-pee t due to the memory
of the Hon. Dixon Hi Uewis, deceased, late a member
thereof, wilt go into mourning by wearing crape on tlita left
arm for thirty da\s. ' -
Resolved) unanimously. That, as an additional mark of
respect for the memory of the Hon. Dixon h. Lewis, the
Senate do now adjourn.
The resolutions being under consideration—
Mr. DIX said:
I rise, Mr. President, to second the resolutions
offered by the honorable Senator from Alabama,
[Mr. King.]
When the career of his lamented colleague was
suddenly terminated in the city of New York, I
chanced to be there, and I was the only one of nis
associates on this floor who had the opportunity
of following him to his final resting-place*- It
seemed to me for this reason that I might appro-
priately speak of his Jast illness; of the honors
paid to his memory; and, for the satisfaction of
distant friends, of the spot where hi's remains
repose. Of.his talents, his patriotism, his public
services, the kindly feelingwhich he carried into his
intercourse with others, the purity of his private
character, his stern integrity, and his fidelity to all
the obligations of life, 1 need say nothing. On
this subjcct the honorable Senator who moved the
resolutions has left Ifttle to be said. But 1 cannot
forbear to add, thajt atl my intercourse with him
in this'body strongly impressed me with his liber-
ality as a gentleman, his uprightness as a man,
and his conscientiousness as a legislator.
Mr. Lewis anived at New York on the 9th of
October unwell, though not, as was supposed,
seriously so. He accompanied a friend, shortly
after his arrival, on an excursion through the city,
and passed nearly an entire day in the examina-
tion of various objccts of interest. On several
succeeding days he was out again. But he soon
afterwards became indisposed a second time;
from this moment his strength rapidly declined,
and on the 25th of October his connection with
the things of earth was dissolved forever.
The Mayor of the city, on receiving the mourn-
ful intelligence, called the Common Council to-
gether, and it was immediately resolved, with one
accord, to give his remains a public burial. 1 will
not dwell on the funeral ceremonies pei formed t\t
the City Hall, the words of eloquence spoken
over him, or the extended procession iyiovi^
through streets thronged with the population or
the city. Suffice to say, the former Mayors of
New York, members of Congress, State and city
authorities, public societies, citizens, all united in
paying the honors due to him as one of the rep-
resentatives of a sovereign State in this body, cut
off at a distance fiom those by whom these
tributes of respect %would otherwise have been
rendered.
Thus attended, his remains were consigned to
the earth, in one of the ruial cemeteries, which the
principal citiesof New York and some of the neigh-
boring States, have, within a few years set apart for
the reception of their dead—places selected for their
natural beauty, and adorned with all that art could
devise, or taste suggest. Greenwood, where our
departed associate lies, is one of the most beautiful
of these recepiaHes for the dead. It is on Long
Island, four miles from New York, and contains
near two hundred acres, covered with forest trees,
and in its season with luxuriant vegetation, swell-
ing into hills and sinking into valleys and dells,
where all that could offend the eye has given way
to embellishments in harmony with 44 the religion
of the place.1' There is nothing in which the
spirit of improvement has manifested itself in a
purer sentiment and taste. Our ancient burying-
grounds weie too often bare and unsheltered fields,
ori which settlement had encroached and robbed
them of their only fitness—solitude. Sometimes
they had become unsightly enclosures, m the heart
of busy towns,^with the tide of population sweep-
ing by, and the noisy conflict of life perpetually
breaking the silence of the scene.
Turning from these exposed and neglected re-
positories to the rural cemeteries, the mind is
relieved and elevated by the contrast. It was a
noble conception—worthy of our endowments and
our destinies—to make the cities of the dead more
attractive in their external aspect than the cities of
the living.
Among the surest of ourinstincts is the desire that
our own remains, and those of our kind red, may rest
amid scenes of rural beauty in undisturbed re-
pose. Nature herself*associates quietude and still-
ness with sleep—whether it be the sleep of life or
of death. It is her voice which speaks within us,
when we ask that our last resting-place may be
chosen apart from the turbulent haunts of men. It
is said (wuh wKat truth I do not know) that Mr.
Lewis, when he first visited Greenwood, inti-
mated a wish, if he should diein the neighborhood,
that his refnains might be deposited there. I have
before me a letter from one of hts most intimate
friends in.New York, who says: " A year ago he
visited Greenwood, and was enchanted with it.
He often referred to this visit, and spoke of the
cemetery as above all others suited to be the" last
resting-place of men. It was, therefore, with
melancholy pleasure that we selected it for him."
It is satisfactory to reflect, that he rests in the
spot which so often called forth expressions of his
admiration, and to believe that his own wishes, in
this respect, could not have been better fulfilled.
Near the principal entrance into these consecrated
grounds, on a slight elevation overlooking some of
the most varied and beautiful scenery they con-*
tain, reposed all that was mortal of our deceased
associate and friend. And if I might express the
feeling of the community, by whom his remains
were given back to the dust, from which they,
came, it would be responsive to his own—that
they may rest where, in the order of Providence,
the thread of his life was severed—among those
whose mournful privilege it was to enshiine them
with the ashes of their own kindred. If this feel-
ing shall be giatified, his family, his friends, the
State he represented here, may be assured that he
will lie among us—not as a stranger, but as one
of ouiselves—children alike of a common Union,
and heirs of a common prosperity and fame.
Mr. DICKINSON said: With no ordinary
emotion, Mr. President, I rise to unite in lament-
ing the dispensation which has deprived a sover-
eign State of an able and faithful representative and
the Senate of a courteous and honorable member;
and to second with my'whole heart the glowing
and eloquent tribute which has just been paid to
the memory of a valued friend by his late colleague.
The deceased was amongst my earliest and most
intimate acquaintances here. Our seats were ad-
joining, and we had much opportunity for free and
friendly conversation. I found him'kind, frank,
and sincere; a ready and able counsellor; firm and
decided in his opinions, yet yielding and concil-
iatory, and regardful of the opinions and motives
of those with whom he differed. With an intui-
tive perception and a mind of uncommon vi^or, he
grasped the most intricate subjects; and, though
he seldom spoke publicly, he gave evidence in his
intercourse of the mature strength of the statesman
and the cultivated taste of the scholar. Though
he finished his earthly course in a State distant
from bis own, he died at home, for his home was
the Union. He was sui rounded by kind and sym-
pathizing friends and skillful professional atten-
dants, and the companion of his joys and sor-
rows stood by his bedside to smooth his dying
pillow and close his eyes in death. He expired in
a city where his public services and private virtues
were properly appreciated, and where the public
authorities did honor to themselves and their State
by paying becoming respect to his memory. His
mortal remains were interred at Greenwood, whose
fadeless verdure aptly illustrates the immortality
to which his deathless spiiit has flown, and where
we are often admonished, by seats made vacant
in our midst, wd* must soon be prepared to follow.
The resolutions were then agreed to, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 7, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Several other members appeared this day, viz:
From the State of Virginia—Mr. Beale.
From the State of Kentucky—Mr. Morehead.
From the State of Illinois—Mr. Lincoln.
From the State of Louisiana—Mr, Tiubodeaux.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. NICOLL gave notice of a motion for leave
to introduce a bill of the following title.
A bill to amend an act making appropriations
for the civil and diplomatic expenses of Government
for the year ending the 30th day of June, 1849,
and for other purposes, approved August 12, 1848,
by declaring that a proviso in said bill limiting the
fees for taking depositions in certain cases be ex-
tended to all and every civil cause between any
parties whatever, and all proceedings in admiralty
brought and to be brought in the circuit and dis-
trict courts of the United States; and further direct-
ing that the clerks of said courts furnish to all
persons desiring to inspect the same during office
hours, all alphabetical and other indices of the
judgment and decrees recorded in said courts, with-
out any fee or charge therefor.
CONGRESSIONAL REPORTS.
Mr. ASHMUN offered the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, Tliut in order to secure a more foil, impartial,
and prompt publication of the proceedings and di-hat'-sof
this House, the Clerk bo authorized and directed to enter-
into a contract, to take effect from the beginning of the pre?-
entsession,and to continue until otherwise ordered by this
House, with the proprietors of the two daily papers in this
city-the National Intelligencer and Union-forthedaily pub-
lication in each paper of the proceedings and debates of this
House ; for which the Clerk shall make weekly pa\ men tout
of the contingent fund, at the rate of seven dollars and a half
for a column of brevier type: Provided, That the piocei.-d.mg3
and current debate shall he transferred to the country edi-
tion of each of said papers, and one copy of each of «aid
daily papers shall be furnished to each member during the
session of Congress without additional charge.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, inquired
of the Chair if the resolution was in order? If not,
he objected to its reception.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, made the same in-
quiry and objection.
Mr. ASHMUN said the resolution was in order
notwithstanding the objections. He did not un-
derstand that any rules had been adopted at this
session—certainly not those of the last session;
those rules had been in force only for the Jast
session. He understood that a different opinion
had been entertained in the House, and by the
Chair, but that he found was an error growing out
of a misprint of the Journal; for, on looking at
the original resolution, which was in the handwri-
ting of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. C.
J. Ingersoll,] it expressly confined those rules to
the then session of Congress. He would send the
original resolution to the Chair, and ask that it be
read.
The Clerk read the said resolution in manu-
script of the last session, which adopted the rules
only for " this session of Congress."
The SPEAKER read the printed Journal on
this point, to sustain the construction which he
said he had been disposed to place upon the reso-
lution, and which had been acquiesced in by the
House, viz: that the resolution kept alive the rules
of the last session as long as the present Congress
was in session. The original resolution, however,
seemed to confine the rules to " this [the last] ses-
sion of Congress." Under these circumstances,
the House was without rules, and the resolution
of the gentleman from-Massachusetts was in order.
Mr. WENT WORTH raised a point, and made
an ineffectual effort, under this decision of the
Speaker, to bring up the resolution which he had
yesterday asked leave to offer, but which had not
been received on account of objections made.
Mr. HARALSON inquired of the Speaker what
evidence there was that the manuscript resolution
just read was the resolution adopted by the House?
It might be the original resolution reported by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, and yet not the res-
olution adopted by the House.
The SPEAKER replied, that it was taken from
the files ol the Clerk's office, and the name of the
mover was appended to it. There was no ques-
tion but it was the original paper.
The resolution being thus before the House—
Mr. ASHMUN said he wished merely to state,
in leference to this resolution, that it was similar
m substance to the one which he had introduced,
at the last session of Congress, and which then
failed, for tsvo reasons: it was then objected to by
the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. "Cobb,] and
others, that it was too late in the session, and
that it ought to be adopted at the commencement
of the session; and it was also objected to on the
ground that it would then provide for the publi-
cation of the revised speeches of members. But
these objections were now obviated. He had
stricken from the original resolution the provision
authorizing members to revise and write out
