THE COf&KESSIOML GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
30th Congress, 2d. Session.
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1848.
New Series No. 2.
speeches; so that the resolution now only pro-
vided for the publication of the current debates in
the next morning papera. He would not consume
the time'of the Mouse; he would only say lie
thought it was the only practicable mode in which
the people of the country could ascertain what
Congress was doing.
Mr. WENTWORTH called for the reading of
the resolution, which was again read.
He said, before the resolution was~ adopted by
the House, he thought it should be referred to the
Committee on Printing, that that committee might
ascertain what the expense would be arising from
this publication. His opinion was, that no member
of this House knew anything like what would be
the enormous expenditures that would accrue to
the country from the adoption of this resolution.
Mr. ASHMUN wished to state, on that point,
that this subject had been referred to a joint com-
mittee of the two Houses at the last session of Con-
gress. That committee investigated the'question
of expense; they had before them practical print-
ers, and those who were best qualified to give an
opinion on the subject; and the committee reported
the precise sum which they believed to be theactual
expense of the reporting and publication.
[A voice: "What was it?"]
Mr. ASHMUN. Seven dollars and a half for
a column brevier type.
[A voice: "What was the aggregate sum?"]
No reply was heard from Mr. Ashmcn.
Mr. McLANE wished to make an inquiry;
but—
Mr. WENTWORTH claimed the floor, and
stated that he had but a few words to say.
Since the last session of Congress (he continued)
we had had some new light on the subject, and a
committee could investigate it, and come to a more
accurate and satisfactofy conclusion, as to what
the expense of this publication would be. For
instance, the two papers mentioned in the resolu-
tion had been publishing, during the recess, the
speeches delivered in the Senate at the last session,
with everything else which their authors had seen
fit to add ; and the House could know, after an
examination, what the publication of these speeches
had cost the country, and what would be the ex-
pense, if they should also adopt the system.
But he had another objection: he objected to
singling out two papers in this city. He believed
the day had passed when there were but two parties
in the country; and it did not become them, who
belonged to one or the other of the two parties, to
attempt to pension their organs—the two old parti-
san papers of this city—upon the treasury-of the
Government, to the exclusion of other papers.
Why was the Washington " Globe" left out?
He would willingly vote for the National Intelli-
gencer. But why was the " Giobe" left out? and
the "National Era?" and Mrs. Roy all's paper?
[a laugh.] He would as soon vote for that paper
as he would for«one of the papers mentioned in
the resolution. It was not for the members of the
House to attempt to select out the papers in which
the people would read the proceedings of Congress.
Every individual had his own taste as to the
paper he would take. The country was all divided
up into parties; and if the two old parties could not
stand without pensioning those two papers upon
the public purse, then surely they ought to stand
no loriger.
Mr. MURPHY would like to know of the gen-
tleman what party the Washington "Globe" rep-
resented ?
Mr. WENTWORTH,replied, he understood it
belonged to the great party that has recently tri-
umphed in this country—that was, to no party at
all! [A general laugh.]
He did not believe, if the people of the country
understood the expenses this resolution would in-
volve, that a single individual on this floor could
sustain himself before his constituents in voting
for it. He believed it unjust in every sense, and
prodigal and extravagant in the highest degree;
and, in order that the members of this House
might know what they were voting for, he should
move that the resolution be referred to the Com-
O
mittee on Printing. He would first move, how-
ever, that it be laid on the table; and upon that
motion he demanded the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER was about to propound the
question, when—
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL said, if there were no
rules in force, he desired to ask the Chair if the
motion to l^)on the table was not a debatable
question ?
The SPEAKER repliedjhe believed it was under
the Parliamentary law.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not wish to debate it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, wished to know, if
the Chair decided the House was without rules,
on what the decision was grounded—on the printed
journal, nr on the original record?
The SPEAKER replied, on the original record.
Mr. JONES inquired if the House was to be
governed by that as their record ? It might be the
original resolution as offered by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania; but it might have been modi-
fied subsequently, and no record made of the modi-
fication.
The SPEAKER stated that he was of the opinion
that the point of order came too late. The same
point had already been decided by the Chair, and
the decision had been acquiesced in by the House.
Mr. JONES. Will it be too late to take an
appeal ?
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
- Mr. ROOT said he should vote for this motion
to lay the resolution on the table, with a view to
him now—but as he (Mr. I.) was answerable for
this debate, he begged leave to ask the Chair an-
other question: that was, whether the parliament-
ary law, which' abutted of debate on a motion to
lay on the table, did not strictly confine the debate
to that motion?
Mr. GIDD1NGS, (in his seat.) My colleague
is assigning his reasons why he would lay the res-
olution on the table.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If so, then he is in order.
Mr. ROOT said he understood that this was a
proposition to lay the resolution on the table. He
was in favor of it, because he wanted to defeat the
resolution, and he wanted to defeat the resolution
for the reasons he was now giving. If he was
wandering from the question, he should lie under
great obligations to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania and to the Chair to restrain him.
He had not one word to say about these papers.
-He believed they wire as good as papers in gen-
eral. But it was wrong to pay any paper in this
way; it was wrong to tax the whole people of the
United States to sustain the Union and the Na-
tional Intelligencer; for that would be the effect of
the resolution. Why, the Senate had already
been trying this system since the close of the
last session. We had had one speech which
had been delivered, or which purported to have
been delivered, in the Senate of the United States,
which had been published under a similar resolu-
tion of the Senate, which had occupied two-thirds
or three-fourths of the Intelligencer and Union for
get rid of the whole subject, as the shortest way to !| he did not know how many"weeks; the publica-
defeat it, if there were enough members of the ! ti°n of which sirrgtc speech, hp understood, had
House to go with him. If it was not precisely the
same proposition, it was very nearly like the one
mo ved at the close of the last session. That-reso-
lution had failed. The reasons given by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts might have had weight
on the minds of some gentlemen, but he confessed
they had had but very little weight with him. He
was opposed to it for other and different reasons.
cost the Government some §1,600. It was one of
the best speeches, made by one of the greatest men
in the United States; but he presumed nobody had
ever read it, or ever intended to read it, siich was
its great length.
But this resolution did not provide, it was said,
for publishing revised speeches. So much the
  worse. If it was good to have the speeches pub-
He did not know what were the intentions of lished as reported, it was better to publish them
gentlemen in bringing forward this resolution; it '! revised. If they were to send forth the speeches.
was not for him to speak of the intention of gen
tjemen; the'motives of those who had moved in '
this matter might be all very correct; but he be-
lieved the effect of this resolution would be to bol- .
sterup Old Hunkerism of both kinds in this Hall '
and in'the country. He believed it was intended
to put down political heresies. It would tax the '
people of this country to support the two leading ,
presses in this city; and in return for the compen-
sation the House was to give them, what were :
they to get? WThy, more perfect, fair, prompt re-
ports of their doings! Everything they did here ,
worth knowing the people heard of. It was for I
the interest of every public journal to publish all '
that was done and said in both Houses of Con- '
gress which was worth being published; and he |
thought, for fear of leaving out something which I
ought to be published, they sometimes published 1
that which had better be left out—that which he !
did not believe did the country any good, or this
House any good. He did not believe it raised the ,
character of this nation at home or abroad to have
made here, it was better for those who made and
for those who read them, that they should be re-
vised before they were sent forth.
But they were to have them published so prompt-
ly that there would be no opportunity for revision,
and that, it was said, would lessen the expense.
But if the speeches were reported fully, the report
would contain as great an amount of matter.
DEATH OF HON. dlXOJi H. LEWIS.
A message was here received from the Senate,
informing the House of the death, during the re-
cess of Congress, of the Hon. Dixon H. Lewis,
Senator from the State of Alabama.
The message having been read—
Mr. HARRIS, of Alabama, rose and addressed
the House as follows:
Mr. HARRIS said: Mr. Speaker, the com-
I munication just made by the Senate to the House,
notifies us officially that a seat upon its floor is no
| longer filled by its accustomed occupant! — that
; Dixon H. Lewis, another Senator of this great
confederated republic, has passed from the coun-
everythmg which was said and done m Congress i] cil chambers of earth' to the unseen, mysterious,
published; nor did he believe it would have any and solemn realities of another state of existence,
good ettect upon the House—any salutary restraint Days, yea weeks, have passed away since the
nnnn trip mpm nova i« ii rinn ♦ V-, m «• 1.    ■' i ^ . . . «■ .
upon the members, or upon their discussions here.
He should like to know something more about
the expenses which this system would involve.
The gentleman from Massachusetts had told them
that it had been ascertained by a committee at
the last session that the expenses would be £7 50
a column. Well, as there were two papers in
which the publication was to be made, the ex
unwelcome event was first heralded to the nation
at large. We have, all accustomed ourselves to
i! contemplate the unalterable fact, free from that
j shock to the sensibilities of our nature which every
generous bosom first feels when a good and a great
|j man is called from his country, his family, and his
• friends. Perhaps the assuasive influence of time
!j may have even partially relumed with returning "
pense to the country would be §15 a column for all I; cheerfulness the happy "domestic circle, rendered
the matter giving an account of their proceedings ;l lonely and desolate by his taking away. She, the
and debates. He was not prepared to say—for he |! companion of his youthful days; the mother of
was no practical printer that this was too much; his children; his faithful, constant friend, even to
but he should really like to know how many col- the gates of death; she who bends lowest beside
umns they were likely to have in publishing the his bier; even she may have learned to school her
Pr|Tp'?-Smorat ■ !i ™ruIIS sensibilities to the-hard lessons ofChns-
„ ,1 tj *f""kRSOLL rose to a question of tian resignation ! Heaven grant that it may be
order. He always liked to hear the gentleman l| so1
from Ohio—he had not the least objection to hear H Butstill, Mr. Speaker, the Ion* and uninterrupted
