1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19
Mr. ALLEN said he should vote for the largest
number proposed, because he believed that the ex-
pense of printing wiU bear but a very small pro-
portion to the value of the intelligence which the
document contains, and the benefit which its dis-
semination will confer. The financial condition of
a country at the termination of a war, is always a
very important part of the business of its Govern-
ment—showing the means with which the Gov-
ernment has had to carry on the war—the manner,
in which it has applied those means—and the
amount of debt, if any has been incurred. In one
word, the financial conditioft of any country, at
the termination of a war, is a most important part
of the public concern.
I,shall not undertake to say what has or what
has not been decided by the recent Presidential
election. I leave all such questions to the revela-
tions of the future, when those shall have come
into place who have derived the benefit of the elec-
tion. But I will undertake to say that the party
who are responsible for the present tariff, and the
present financial condition of the country, should
be allowed to spread their justification and the result
of their policy fairly and fully before the country.
It is a custom coeval with the Government, when-
ever a report from either department is invested
with peculiar importance, arising out of any con-
tingency of the public affairs, to give to such a
document greater publicity than other imports from
the^ame department. Such was the case with the
report of the Secretary of War communicated at j
the last session. It became interesting to the j
whole country, because it contained the details of \
the war; and especially was it interesting and im- j
portant to the friends and relatives of the gallant !
men who fell in the service, as an authorized record
of the time, place, and circumstances under which
they fell.
The Government was now about to change
hands, and an Administration whose policy had
been engraven upon the country was drawing to its
close, and the main principles upon which was con-
structed the present financial system of the country,
as well as its results, were to be found in the docu-
ment on the table.- It was due, therefore, to the
outgoing Administration, it was due to the Ameri-
can people, that the document should be printed,
and spread before them in great abundance, that
all might see for themselves whether the pledges
of the Democratic party have been violated or not.
Mr. CAMERON voted last year for twenty-five
thousand copies of the President's message, but
this year only ten thousand copies had been ordered
to be printed; and he did not see why the Secre-
tary's report should receive peculiar attention, nor
why a greater number of copies of it should be
printed than of the President's message. It must
be for some other reasons than'its mere connec- I
tion with the financial policy of the present Admin- ;
istration. The substance of this leport will be '
published in all the newspapers in the land long
before this document will be ready, and, therefore,
ten thousand will be sufficient.
Mr. N1LES said he did not know that any per-
son had a right to know the contents of the docu-
ment under consideration till they had been commu-
nicated officially to the Senate. He was disposed to
act upon this question as upon every other; and,
without knowing what the report was, without
knowing what critical views and arguments it
might contain in reference to matters connected
with the finances of the country, he certainly was
disposed to be reasonable, but he could not vote
for the punting of an unusual extra number of;
copies of the report. He was not disposed to I
treat the report of a subordinate member of the j
Cabinet with any more consideration than thev !
treated the message of the President. Hear the i
merits of the document, and makevthem the basis |
of the number to be printed. He thought the de- I
hate altogether irregular, and he would not be j
drawn into it. The subject would probably come |
up during the session, when it could be freely and j
thoroughly discussed. His friend from Mississip- I
pi, [Mr. Davis,] it seemed to him, ought not to be
uneasy nor particularly anxious to go into the
merits of this subject upon the present occasion.
If the peculiar system which he wishes to main-
tain is to be supported by arguments, his friend
(the Secretary of the Treasury) had laid arguments
before the country in which the merits of the sys-
tem were strongly set forth and ably enforced. He
made a report—a very voluminous one—preceding
the tariff of 1846. His report on that occasion
Was almost of the size of the Piesident's message;
and at every session since that period he has made
a very elaborate report His views and arguments
have been befor^ the country. He (Mr. Niles)
hoped they would be fully considered, and have
that influence upon the public mind to which th$y
were entitled. But he certainly would not depart
from the usual course in such cases. He would
treat this like all others of a like kind. When the
question came up in its regular qrder he would
probably have something to say upon it. Perhaps
it would not so completely establish the views of*
the Secretary as his friends imagine. He thought
it would not-be found that our exports will amount
to three hundred millions odd, as he believed was
to be the result, according to certain estimates
made some three years ago. But he would not
now go into that matter. He would only add,
that as only ten thousand copies of the message
had been ordered, he would vote for no greater
number of copies of the Secretary'a report.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, replied, that if the
honorable Senator from Connecticut [Mr. Niles]
imputed to him that he was one who had been
anxious to go into the merits of this system of
finance, he had done him injustice. He had only
asked that it should go to the country, not that he
wished to treat it with more respect than the Pres
ident's message, but because the subject was one
of peculiar interact, of peculiar historical interest,
and formed, he thought, the most striking exam-
ple ever presented to the world of a Government19
carrying on its financial operations, while engaged
in a foreign war, without the aid of any otner
machinery than the ordinary revenue of the coun-
try, derived from us imports, and without suffering
any loss- by its greatly increased and multifarious
disbursements. That the revenue of the country
has increased under such circumstances, notwith-
standing ail adverse influences, is true. These are
facts,-not arguments; and it is these facts that we
wish to lay before the people, that the public mind i
may be prepared for that powerfaiargument which !
the Senator from Connecticut [Mr. JNiles] will j
make when the subject shall be brought before the ;
Senate. That is why he went for the printing of -
so large a number of copies of the report. |
Mr. FOOTE supposed the only good reason for j
printing the document at all was, that it should be '
distributed throughoutthecountry;and that reason ,
must be potential always in proportion to the value ,
of the information to be distributed. The reasons
already adduced in support of the pioposition for ;
printing a large number of this document were
sufficient to show its immence and peculiar value.
He begged leave to suggest, in addition—not in
any spirit of fulsome adulation by any means— s
that one reason with him for desiring to print the j
largest number of this particular document was i
the presumption, that from the former productions !
of that officer upon the same subject, this particu- |
lar report may well be recognized as being of im- !
mense and incomparable value, not only to this j
country, but to all countries. Such has been the j
character of the reports of that Secretary upon j
this subject heretofore; and various considerations i
combine to show that this particular report, marked .
as it is with that ability which has heretofore j
characterized the productions of that Secretaiy, |
must be the more important and valuable to thus ;
country and to the woiid than any of the former |
productions of his pen. If the fact be, as suggested !
by the Senator from Pennsylvania, that the people j
of the United States have recently settled theques- '
tion of free trade, and against the doctrine well j
known to be advocated by the Secretary of the :
Treasury, there was an additional reason, it struck [
him, for the printing of the largest number of this
document that the Senate could, under anycircum- <
stances, think of publishing. !.
There is, evidently, if the state of things be such ''
as the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cameron]
has said, a want of illumination in regard to this
matter—a sad want of light which he was inclined j
to supply to the full extent of his ability. He ■
regretted to find that it was a Democratic Senator
from the State of Pennsylvania with whom this
suggestion originated. He (Mr. Foote) was sure
that no member of that party which had been vic-
torious at the late Presidential election, would have '
ventured upon such a suggestion; for it is undeni- j
able that, in nearly all the States of this Union, !
where the names of Taylor and FiUmore were t
t borne triumphant at the recent Presidential elec-
  tion, the doctrine of M free trade" was not gainsaid
I by one single advocate of that ticket. Such being
| the case, it seemed to him that the honorable Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania"had been somewhat in
I haste, and had committed a blunder, which was
a common one. He [Mr. Cameron] has imagined
! his own State of Pennsylvania, whose late action^
' he has himself misunderstood, to be the whole
l Union. He (Mr. Foote) was yet to be satisfied
! —and he should not be satisfied without conclusive
| evidence—that the State of Pennsylvania, the pop-
! ulation of which has been heretofore so remarkable
! for its intelligence, astuteness, and patriotism, has
| made so egregious a blunder as that suggested by
| the honorable Senator from that State. He (Mr.
Foote) nevershould believe, for one,that the people
j of Pennsylvania are so much in the dark upon this
] great subject. He was less willing to believe that
j the people of that noble State have been influenced
j in the late Presidential election simply by the s<*n>
; did and contemptible principle, love of pecuniary
j gain.
j Mr. HALE said he should go for printing^the
j smallest number proposed, because he considered
| that this printing large numbers of the public doc-
■ uments had been made the subject of great abuse.
f He cherished no sort of feeling on the subject more
than what he expressed. He took the same ground
at the last session, when it was proposed to print
; a large number of copies of the leport of the Com-
missioner of Patents, of which vast number, he
believed, not half had,yet been distributed.- He
esteemed this making books by order of Congress
as another verification of the saying of Solomon,
: " Of making books there is no end."
| Being on the floor, he desired to say a word
with reference to the remarks of the Senator from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cameron.] He confessed
that he was somewhat surprised to learn from that
gentleman that the people of this country, in the
: late Presidential election, had decided against the
■ late tariff act, and in favor of the tariff of 1842. For,
. so far as he (Mr. H.) knew anything about the
contest, this question of a tariff did not enter very
much into it. As he understood it, the one great
qu^tion connected with that election was, whether
General Taylor, or either of the other'nominees,
was the most genuine Free Soil man? And it was
generally conceded that General Taylor was the
genuine, Simon Pure Free Soil candidate; while
Mr. Van Buren and his friends were held as mere
pretenders and interlopers! [Laughtei.] If any-
thing had been settled by the result of that con-
test, it was, that General Taylor was the Free Soil
candidate, and he was elected as such. He held
it, therefore, to be unfair toward the great Free
Soil party to aflirm that there was any greater
issue involved. Things should be taken as they
were. General Taylor was the Free Soil candi-
date, and the Secretary should make up the record
accordingly.
Mr. FOOTE was sure that the honorable Sen-
ator who had just taken his seat made a great
mistake, for everywhere in the South and South-
west, during the late Presidential campaign, Gen-
eral Taylor was upheld as the opponent of 44 free
soil." General Cass was rejected as not being
quite so violent an opponent of the Free Soil move-
ment as Geneial Taylor.
Mr. CAMERON was sorry that his friend fiom
Mississippi [Mr. Foote] had so misapprehended
the position of parties during the late contest. He
believed that in the South General Taylor was the
candidate of the Free Soil pai ty-— [Some of the
Senators remarked that he must mean the North.]
Yes; in the South, in Mississippi. He had been
led to that belief from the vote of Mississippi.
The honorable Senator from Mississippi [Mr.
Foote] had been talking about the blunders of
Pennsylvania. He (Mr. C.) remembered that it
was charged upon General Taylor by certain gen-
tlemen m Mississippi that he was in favor of free
soil, and, when he came to look at the election
returns, he observed that there was very near
being a blunder m Mississippi. In fny State,
(^Pennsylvania,) where the people live by their
honest industry, where every man works, and
subsists upon the labor of his own hands, there
the tariff was the question that was discussed, the
issue that was placed before the people. The
Democratic prfrty would not have been prostrated
had it not been for this financial system. He
spoke of this with sorrow. When he rose he did
