22
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 11,
From the State of Kentucky—Green Adams.
Prom the State of Maine—David Hammons and
Hiram Belcher.
From the State of New York—Washington
Hunt and Peter H. Silvester.
COMMITTEES OF THE HOUSE.
The SPEAKER announced the following as the
committees appointed under the order of the House
heretofore adopted:
Committee on Elections.—Messrs. Thompson of
Indiana, Mullin, Chase, Boydon, Jenkins, Van
Dyke, Inge, Roman, and Williams:
Of WaysandMeans.—Messis. Vinton, Stephens,
McKay, Hudson, McDowell, Morehead, Pollock,
Hubbard, and Nicoll.
On Claims.—Messrs. Rockwell of Connecticut,
Crowell, Daniel, Nelson, Wilmot, Dunn, Ligon,
Flonrnoy, and Thomas.
* On Commerce.—Messrs. Hunt, Grinnell, Went-
■worth, Woodward, Hampton of Pennsylvania,
Thibodeaux, Gregory, Atkinson, and Bingham.
On Public Lands.—Messrs. Collamer, Duncan,
Shepperd, Brodhead, Putnam, Hall of Missouri,
Evans of Maryland, Cobb of Alabama, and Gree-
ley.
On the Post Office and Post Roads.—Messrs. Gog-
gin, Root, Brown of Pennsylvania, St. John,
Phelps, Embree, Jones of Tennessee, Lincoln, and
Kaufman.
On the District of Columbia.—Messrs. Chapman,
Tallmadge, Brown of Mississippi, Bavrow, Ficklin,
Henry, Edwards, Thurston, and Gaines.
Onthe Judiciary.—Messrs. J. R. Ingersoll, Ash-
mun, Petut, Hall of New York, Lumpkin, Dixon,
French, Taylor, and Meade.
On Revolutionary Claims.—Messrs. King of Mas-
sachusetts, Butler, Bovvdon, Iter&on, Kellogg,
Morris, Newel), Smart, -and Lynde.
On Public Expenditures.—Messrs. Clingman,
Strohm, Bedinger, Hale, Jameson, Jones of Geor-
gia, La Sere, Clark of Maine, and Conger.
On Private Land Claims.—Messrs. Gayle, Bra-
dy, Wick, Ramsay, Harmanson, Tompkins, Can-
by, Johnson of Tennessee, and Darling.
On Manufactures.—Messrs. Stewart of Pennsyl-
vania, Abbott, Houston of Delaware, Edsall,Slier-
rill, Brown of Virginia, Crisfield, Johnson of New
Hampshire, and Stuart of Michigan.
On Agriculture.—Messrs. White, Sawyer, Pal-
frey, Harris, Rockhill, Belcher, Thompson of
Iowa, Slingerland, and Goggin.
On Indian Affairs.—Messrs. Barringer,\Gentry,
Thompson of Mississippi, Mcllvaine, Cathcart,
Giddings, Peck, Buckner, and Johnson of Arkan-
- sas.
On Military Affairs.—Messrs. Botts, Burt, "Wil-
son, Haralson, Rickey, Boyd, Murvin, Haskell,
and Fisher.
On the Militia.—Messrs. Thompson of Kentucky,
Blanchard, McLane, Peaslee, Biackmar, Richard-
son, Beale, Featherston, and Dickinson.
On Naval Affairs.—Messrs. King of Georgia,
Holmes of South Carolina, Schenck, White, Bay-
ly, Levin, Stanton, Outlaw, and Tuck.
On Foreign Affairs.—Messrs. Smith of Connec-
ticut, Hi!liard,<J. J. Ingersoll, Marsh, Rhett, Pen-
dleton, Duer, McClelland, and Duncan oT Ohio.
On Ike Territories.—Messrs. Smith of Indiana,
Cranston, Cobb of Georgia, Rockwell of Massa-
chusetts, Thompson of Pennsylvania, Gott, Morse,
Evans of Ohio, and Pdlsbury.
O/i Revolutiona)y Pensions.—Messrs. Cocke,Sil-
vester, Cummins, Frccdley, Bocock, Donnell,
Hammons, Strong, and Sidney Lawrence.
On Invalid Pensions.—Messrs, Fulton, Nes,
Fries, W. T. Lawience, Venable, Thompson of
Virginia, Eckert, Wiley, and Petiie.
On Roads and Canals.—Messrs. Schenck, Holmes
of New York, Smith of Illinois, Irvin, Clapp,
Warren, Peyton, Newell, and Mann of Pennsyl-
vania.
On Patents.—Messrs. Farrelly, Maclay, Hen-'
ley, Jones of Georgia, and Miller.
On Public Buildings and Grounds.—Messrs.
Houston of Delaware, Preston, Faran, McLane,
and Reynolds.
On Revival and Unfinished Business.—Messrs.
Nes, Lord, Hale, Turner, and Hill of Tennes-
see.
On Accounts.—Messrs. King of Massachusetts,
Gregory, Starkweather, Kennon, and Henry.
On Mileage.—Messrs. Belcher, Richey, War-
ren, Richardson, and Green.
On Engraving.—Messrs. Levin, Murphy, and
Adams of Kentucky.
Standing Committee on Library on part of the
House.—Messrs. Preston, Murphy, and Palfrey.
Standing Committee on Enrolled Bills on part of
the House.—Messrs. Hampton of New Jersey, ;
and Robinson. *
flFhe foHowing committees, appointed at the last
session, stand through the Congress, viz:
On Expenditures in the Department of State,—
Messrs. Barringer, Crozier, Lal*m, Dixon, and
Collins.
On Expenditures in the Treasury Department.—
Messrs'. Root, Donncll, Birdsall, Buckner, and .
Featherston.
On Expenditures in the DepaMment of War.—
Messrs. Crozier, Thompson of Indiana, Kennon,
Lord, and Lincoln.
On Expenditures in the Navy Department.—
Messrs. Tompkins, Boydon, Maclay, Clark of
Kentucky, and Tuck.
On Expenditures in the Post Office Department.—
Messrs. Wilson, Kellogg, Stuart of Michigan,
Leffler, and Thompson of Kentucky.
On Expenditures on the Public Buildings.—
Messrs. Cabell, Hampton of New Jersey, Saw-
yer, Holmes of New York, and Richardson.
RULES AND ORDERS OF PROCEEDING.
Mr. TRUMAN SMITH moved the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the rules and ordeis of the House of Itep-
resuitdtivea, as they existed at ihe elo*e of l.ist ^ei-sion of
(Jongiess, bo, and lurch) are, adopted as the ruies ot the
House foi and dining the residue of the pcessSnt Congress;
and that a committee be appointed to roporttuch aiifcidtions
aud aim ndmeiitb a  may be deemed advisable-.
Mr. VINTON moved to amend the same, by
adding thereto the following:
And no ordtr o( the House making a hill, report, or reso-
lution, a special older bf the da\ lor an} given day, shall
entitle it to a preleienee over geneul .ipproprutioii hills;
but, nottvithMimding such special order, me Houm?, or Com-
mittee of the Whole, may proceed to the eon&idcraimu of
such appropriation hills.
The amendment having been read—
Mr. VINTON desired to say a few words in
explanation of the object of this amendment. It
would, he said, be recollected by the House that
at the last session of Congress special orders had
taken precedence of the appropriation bills. The
consequence had been, that the House had been
arrested in the consideiation of these bills for more
than a month. Their consideration, during the last
session, had occupied as much time as now re-
mained for the deliberations of Congress at its
piesent session; and if priority were to be given
to special orders over the general appropriation
bilU, it would be seen that the House could not
reach them without gieat difficulty, and that it
would m fact be doubtful whether they could get
at them at ail. The object of the amendment was,
not that appiopnation bills should take precedence
over special orders, but to place it in the power of
the House to put such oideis aside if it should
think proper so to do.
The question was thereupon taken, and the
amendment was agreed to without a count.
THE SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, moved to amend
the resolution of Mr. T. Smith, so as to provide
for the appointment of a Standing Committee, to
be called the Committee \>n the Smithsonian Insti-
tute.
Mr. GOGGIN rose, and was understood to ex-
press his desire to offer an amendment providing
that no member should have the right to call the
previous question on any proposition presented to
the House until the same should have been dis-
tinctly stated by the Chair or the Clerk.
Mr. G. desired, if in order, to offer this as an
amendment to the amendment of the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson.]
The SPEAKER was understood to say that the
proposition of the gentleman fiom Virginia [Mr.
Goggin] would be m order, after the amendment
of the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Johnson] !
had been disposed of. The question now was, on i
ordering the appointmont of an additional commit-
tee on the Smithsonian Institution. i
The question was accordingly put by the Chair;:
but before the decision had been announced—
Mr. JOHNSON hoped, he said, that the House ;
would adopt his amendment. The subject involved i
the expenditure of hundreds of thousands of dol-!
Jars, and he could see no substantial reason why
opposition should be made to the appointment of
such a committee. The Regents were* prepared,
as he understood, to make a report. This Con-
gress had the supervision of the fund, and had the
appointment of some of its Regents; and he could
not see why this body, or incorporation, or in-
stitution, upon which so much money had been
expended, should not be reported upon, as to its
proceedings and condition, to this House". Con-
gress had received the fund, and had become re-
sponsible for it. They were the trustees. Were
they to act before a committee of the House had
reported upon the manner in which the funds had
been disposed "of, and upon other matters of that
kind? He was utterly astonished that his amend-
ment should find any opponent on this floor. Did
gentlemen wish to exclude all light upon the sub-
ject—to prevent the country receivingsuch inform-
ation as it was in their power to give—to keep
from public view the facts connected with the ex-
penditure of the money? It was strange that any
.gentleman should be, found willing to say that he
did not want a committee which might ascertain all
the facts and report them to the country. Various
complaints had been made as to the expenditure
of the money, the structure of the building, and the
material of which it was composed. Were gentle-
men willing to exclude all those facts which it was
requisite should be known in order toarsiveateor-
rectconclusions,and intelligently to direct the future
operations of the institution? if all was going on
well, if the building was properly constructed, and
the money had been properly expended, let the
country understand it. * He trusted that the House
would adopt his proposition, and that a committee
would be appointed.
Mr. McCLELLAND said that he was not op-
posed to the appointment of the committee contem-
plated by the amendment of the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson.] At the same time, if
he had no other reasons than those which had
been assigned by the gentleman from Tennessee,
he (Mr. McC.) should^ be radically opposed to
such an appointment. Reports had been sent in
by the Board of Regents that were very full and
ample in regard to all the facts that the people
throughout the country could desire to know con-
cerning this institution. One very full report of all
facts touching the institution had been laid before
the House at the last session of Congress. The
House had refused to print it. That report, his
friend from Tennessee [Mr. Johnson] v^ould find,
had set forth, m a simple and lucid manner, every-
thing connected with the institution since its organ-
ization—everything that had been done under"the •
law passed by Congress down to that time. He,
(Mr. McC.,) for one, as a member of the Board of
Regents, would say, that it was not afraid of any
investigation by a committee of tins House or
otherwise. He would go as far a>s any reasonable
man in favor of economy ami retrenchment; and
he would say that the Board of Regents, so far as
his knowledge extended, h«d acted upon both
these principles m every step they had taken. He
was astonished, on entering upon his official du-
ties, to find that almost every report which had
been put in circulation in regard to the institution
was entirely false and groundless. He hoped that
every gentleman here, who was a friend to the
institution, would permit a committee to be ap-
pointed, and that it might be composed of members
who weieradically opposed to the institution, so
that no banier should be interposed to the most
rigorous and searching scrutiny. And (continued
Mr. McC.,) if that committee shall give to the
country such a report as I know they will give,
(for none other can they make,) the effect will be
to raise the institution to a higher point in public
estimation than any which it has ever yet attained.
Mr. H1LLIARD rose, as a member of the Board
of Regents in this House, to make nq opposition
to the amendment of the gentleman from Tennes-
see, if it should be the deliberate opinion of the
House that such a committee should be appointed.
But he wished the House to mark the spirit in
which the motion was made. When the report
was brought forward by him (Mr. H.) from the
Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution,
at the last session of Congress, and a motion was
made to print it, the gentleman from Tennessee
was the very one who interposed his objection to
the printing. They had been reproached with not
being willing to exhibit their doing? to the country-
