184$.
B CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23
It had been said that there had been improper ex-
penditures of money, an indiscreet distribution of
funds authorized by them. Here was an ample
report setting forth all the facts, making everything
plain; and when he had moved the printing of the
report, for the information of the country, to his
amazement that very gentleman objected to the
printing, on the simple ground of expense. But
now the gentleman came forward with a proposi-
tion to form a "standing cammittee whose business
it should be to supervise the action of the three
members of this House and the three members of
the Senate who were already charged with direct-
ing the affairs of this institution. He should ofter
ho objections to the proposition; he left it to the
taste and judgment of the House. For one, he gave
way, and yielded any objections which he had
hitherto offered to the proposition.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, said the gentle-
man from Alabama seemed to have stepped off
upon the wrong track when he said that the simple
objection which he (Mr. J.) had had to the print-
ing at the last session of Congress was that it
would involve an expenditure of money.
Mr. HILLIARD (in his seat) said he had so
understood it.
Mr. JOHNSON continued. The gentleman
from Alabama had wholly misconceived his oppo-
sition to the printing of this report at the last
session of Congress. "It would be remembered by
the gentleman from Alabama, and-by the whole
House, that he (Mr. J.) was striving the whole
session, that be had made effort after effort to pro-
cure the appointment of a committee before this
report should be printed, that they might ascertain
whether this was the report which should be
printed or not. This was the objection he had to
the printing of the report. IJe wanted it referred
to a committee, with instructions to inquire' into
the expediency of printing this report, and also of
printing a work which they desired to have printed
upon architecture—a kind of^ongrel report pre-
pared by some of the regents. ^ He wanted a com-
mittee appointed to inquire into all the facts about
the institution, and to report them to this House;
as well as to inquire into the expediency of print-
ing this long, voluminous report of the regents.*"/
Mr. HILLIARD said he believed he had un-
derstood the gentleman's remarks correctly, so far
as his. objections went to the expenses of the print-
ing. The gentleman now chose to assume other
grounds; that he desired to examine whether it
was such a report as the House ought to receive.
Now it would have been far better for the gentle-
man to have allowed it to be printed, and then this
House would have been better enabled, at this
session, to ascertain the fact whether it was such a
report as they would receive.
But there was no concealing the fact, that the
spirit in which the gentleman made his motion did
not grow out of any desire to have the affairs of
this institution better conducted, or to make its
action more efficient, or to relieve it of a single
'"burden; but, oh the contrary, from the uncompro-
mising hostility which the gentleman from Ten-
nessee and a few others—he was happy to say they
were but few—felt against this institution. The
gentleman would be for destroying its organiza-
tion, for razing its structure to the very founda-
tions, and for returning to the British Government,
or to the trustees of the donor, the munificent sum
which had been received from that quarter. He
ask§d the gentleman if it wag not so, and if he was
not opposed to any use whatever being made of
the fund for the establishment of an institution in
this country called the Smithsonian Institution?
Mr. JOHNSON said, as the question had been
asked him, he would very cheerfully answer it.
The gentleman wanted to know if his hostility was
not fixed to this institution.
Mr. SMITH,of Connecticut, rose to a question
of order. He wished to know of the Speaker
whether it was in order to discuss the general mer-
its of the Smithsonian Institution upon amereprop-
osmon to appoint a committee?
The SPEAKER replied that the House had
adopted no rules of proceeding, and that the Par-
liamentary law allowed a veiy wide range of de-
bate.
Mr. JOHNSON proceeded in his explana-
tion. He was satisfied that the gentleman from
Alabama with no unkind spirit asked if he (Mr.
J.) was not fixed in his hostility to the very or-
ganization of this institution. He could inform
the gentleman from Alabama that he misconceived
his relation to the Smithsonian Institution. He
had no fixed hostility to it. The hostility (if
it could be so called)—the opposition which he
had to this institution rested upon other and differ-
ent grounds from a mere hostility to the design
of such an institution. One of the principal rea-
sons why he wanted this committtee appointed
was not out of opposition to the Smithsonian In-
stitution; but taking into consideration the pecu-
liar crisis of the country at that time, and the
continuation of that crisis at this time, and the
burdens which this institution was imposing upon
the Government, he wished to see its affairs thor-
oughly investigated and brought before the public.
That this fund had been received from the United
States; that the United States had discharged its
duty as trustee with fidelity; that this fund had
been sunk and lost,—these were all true; and ac-
cording to his construction of the Constitution and
of the duties of a trustee, he considered that the
Government was exonerated from any further re-
sponsibility in connection with this fund.. It was
well known that the original fund had been lost,
and it was known, too, that the law establishing
the Smithsonian Institution, took the money out of
the treasury of the Government—out of the peo-
ple's pocket. When the Smithsonian Institution
was founded, every dollar of the money received
from Mr. Smithson was gone'—not a dollar of it
was available. He had opposed ai^ institution of
this kind being established with funds taken out
of the treasury; not that he was opposed to an in-
stitution .established upon the Smithsonian fund—
not that he disapproved of the object of the don
but he was opposed in time of war, when we were
incurring a very heavy public debt, to going into
the treasury, and establishing an institution of this
description, at an expense to the people of some
five or six hundred thousand dollars.
Another reason was, that he believed, under the
law itself, the money had been improperly with-
drawn from the treasury of the United States.
The House had been informed, by the able and
eloquent gentleman from Alabama, that the re-
gents had withdrawn money from the treasury to
the amount of §242,U00, and by an extraoidmary
process of financiering,, were doubling and com-
pounding it. They had been informed, also, that
none of the principal had been expended. How
had this been done? Why, when the law was
passed, every gentleman here at all familiar with
the subject knew that this fund was gone—that not
one dollar of it was left; he had the documents
before him to show that this was the fact. But
the law placed that in the treasury which was not
-there; it was a legal fiction. It said that a certain
amount had been placed in the treasury in 1836,
and had remained there and been drawing interest
from 1836, and that the interest on that sum (which'
was not in the treasury) was $242,000; and this
amount was appropriated to the erection of this
institution, called the Smithsonian Institution. He
had believed it wrong; he still believed it so. But
under this law, how this amount of money had
been drawn out of the treasury he had never been
able to ascertain. He was in hope,^ now that a
running discussion had arisen on the subject, that
they would be informed how this large amount of
money had been drawn out of the treasury. He
could find no authority for it in the act establish-
ing the institution—no authority for drawing out
of.the treasury this large amount of money, and
placing it in ,the hands of their secretary, or at
interest, or making any other disposition of it.
The reason why he had opposed the printing
of this report at the last session, and proposed the
appointment of a committee, was, that there were
rumors about the city in relation to the contract
for erecting the buildings; it had been charged that
there had been bribery going on; cards had been
pnblished that there was maladministration in ail
these matteis; that there was corruption m the very
incipiency of this institution. They had been told
that the building was bad, that the materials fur-
nished were perishable, while he understood it
was the design of the donor to have it made fire-
proof—a'substanttal,enduring building. He wanted
all these facts ascertained. Let the committee take
the whole matter under their charge and report the
facts, and let the House and the country determine
whether it was all right or not.
He referred,'as another objection, to the question
of the incompatibility, under the Constitution, of
the same individuals holding at the same time the
office of members of Congress, drawing per diem
and mileage as such, and the office of regents of
this institution, drawing also mileage and expenses
from it—expenses which, when they came to look
into these reports, they saw were extraordinary.
The gentleman had gravely charged that he had
manifested hostility to the institution. Suppose
he had; suppose he was determined to oppose it
in.every mood and tense: why, if the institutiorf
was right—if the object of the individual who gave
the money was being carried out—in the name of
common sense, would not a committee, by their
investigation, convince the House and the country
that his objections were not well-founded, if such
was the fact? Would not such investigation put
the institution and the regenjs on if better, a more
enduring foundation? Then let them have a com-
mittee. If the institution was right—if the regents
were carrying out the design of James Smithson,
let it be ascertained by the committee, and be pub-
lished to the House and the country.
Mr. HILLIARD resumed. The gentleman now-
said he had no hostility to the institution. And
how did he prove it? Why, he said they had put
a fictitious sum into the treasury, and therefore he
would repeal the law, and replace the money in the
treasury. It was well known that this Government
had received the fund from the trustees of James
Smithson as a sacred trust. The Government had
thought proper to loan the money to the State of
Arkansas, he believed; the money had been squan-
dered; and now the gentleman from Tennessee was
opposed to the use of a single dollar by the Smith-
sonian Institution, until the State of Arkansas was
made to refund the money ! Was he not opposed
to the institution ? and was not the very object of
his motion to uproot the whole establishment, on
the ground that the Government had loaned the
money to the State of Arkansas, and that it had
never been returned? By every moral, by every
equitable consideration, the Government having
loaned and lost the money, was bound to make
good the trust. Therefore, when the Government
had thought proper to make the establishment, it
had authorized the regents in proper form to
draw the money bequeathed by James Smithson.
It Was in this way that the money had been taken.
And because they had thought proper to make a
judicious use of it from time to time, they were
arraigned by the gentleman as having squandered
the funds. Let him agree to have the report pub-
lished, and he would find that it gave a full account
of what they had done.
But the gentleman had said it was a crisis. It
had been a long crisis. Thank Heaven the crisis
to which the gentleman referred had passed away.
The gentleman's allusion to the war reminded
him of the apology always offered by the steward
in the Bride of Lammermoor, who always ac-
counted for the absence of articles of luxury about
the castle of his master, on the ground that there
had been a great fire there; and now the gentle-
man would put down every appropriation, whether
for new objects, or to maintain a great existing
establishment, by the cry, "the war, the war." He
thanked Heaven the war was at an end. He
thanked Heayen peace had come m our time; and
he trusted that if there had been much treasure
squandered in war, this establishment, so sublime
in its design, so magnificent in its conception, was
not to share in the calamities of war. His objection
to thegentleman's scheme was, that it would launch
the institution on a political sea. Leave the super-
intendence of the establishment to the Board of Re-
gents, of whom three were members of the House,
and three members of the Senate, and who in some
sense constituted a committee of Congress, and
leave to them to report upon the state of its affairs
from time to time. If their fidelity and discretion
could not be confided in, then we had fallen on
evil times. But he would not oppose the motion;
he would leave it to the judgment of the House to
dispose of.
Mr. SMITH, of Connecticut, thought this prop-
osition altogether premature. He had offered a
resolution m the ordinary form—a resolution
which really ought to' have been offered early
last week—for the adoption of the ordinary rules
and orders of the House, and hid connected
with this a proposition, as at the l^st session of
Congress, to raise a committee to revise ami report
upon the rules, from time to time. If tins resolu-
tion, as offered, should pass, then they would have
