1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25
entitled to credit for having done so. He did not,
however, wish' to debate the proposition; and,
though he had now the opportunity, he should
decline to avail himself of it. .
Mr. BAYLY rose and said, that though he was
aware that it would not be strictly in order, yet, if
he might be indulged, he would like^tosay a word.
The SPEAKER stated that the gentleman could
proceed only by unanimous consent.
Objection being made, Mr. Bayly took his seat.
Mr. SMART offered the following resolution;
which was read, and laid on the table one day under
the rule, viz:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be requested to
communicate 10 this Ehjuse the number and places of birth
ot ail persons employed in the naval and marine service, on
the Gulf and Pacific coasts during the war with Mexico; and
also thai the Secretary of war be requested to communicate
to tins Hou e the whole number of regular troops engaged in
the late war with Mexico, and the States in which they
w«rti enlisted, and anv other facts in possession of the War
Department, showing "the number of regular troops engaged
in s>diU war, from each State in the Union.
On motion of Mr. MURPHY,
Resolved, That it be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, to inquire into the expediency of erecting a light-
house on Governor's Island, in New York harbor, and im-
pioviug Butter-milk channel.
On motion of Mr. CONGER,
Resolved, That Thomas Garner have leave to withdraw
his papers from the files of the House.
On motion of Mr. DUER,
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Buildings and
Giounds be instructed to mfluire into the expediency of
causing the triangular pieces of ground, formed by the inter-
section of the streets of the city of Washington with Penir-
sylv.inia avenue, to be enclosed and planted with trees and
shrubbery.
'Mr. WHITE offered the following resolution;
which was read, and laid on the table one day,
under the rule, viz: *
Resolved, That the Secretary of War cause an estimate of
the value of the public property, including the soil on Gov-
ernor's Wand,in theharborof New York, to be made, and
report the same to tins House at the earliest practicable
period, with a view of ceding the said island, and so much
nf the public property aa cannot be moved, to the city of
New Y'opk.
On motion of Mr. HUNT,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be directed
to inquire whether any, and what alterations ought to be
made in the regulations of the Treasury Department in reJa-
ttnn to the storage of goods in public warehouses at New
York, and other ports of entry.
On motion of Mr. GREELY,
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House, under the super-
vision and with the approval ofthe Committee on Accounts,
be, and he is hereby, instructed to ascertain and determine
what sums are justly due to the witnesses, respectively, in
the contested election of Monroe vs. Jackson, and also the
commissioner who took their tesumonj, and the officer or
officer by whom they were summoned ; and, when ascer-
tained, to pa> the same outvjf the contingent fund.
On motion of Mr. W. T. LAWRENCE,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be directed
to inquire into the propriety of recommending to the States
of thi> Union to so alttr or amend the Constitution of the
■United States, that in all elections of President and Vice
President, which may be had after the year 1850, the persons
in each State entitled to vote for, members of the most
numerou« branch of the Legislature of the State shall, on
the Tuesday next after the fiist Monday ot November, pre-
ceedme the time when the term of the persons at the time
holding the offices of President and Vice President shall ex-
pire, assemble at places designated for holding the polls for
ftiu'li elections., and there vote for one person for President
and one other person for Vice President; after which, the
number of votes given for President, and the number of
votes given for Vice President, shall be eounttd, and the
number given for each person for the offices n j?pectively
shall be counted, and returns made of the whole to officers
authorized to ic-ceive the same; and the number of votes
given to each peison for President shall be estimated as such
a proportion of the vote of the State (equal to the number of
Senators and Representatives in the Congress of the United
States to which the State is entitled) as the said votes bear
to the whole numbei ofvotesgiven wiihm the State for Pre:-i-
detit: the like i ule to be observed in regaid to the votes given
lor Vice President. And returns shall be made from all the
States on or before the — day of December, at Washington, to
officers authorized to receive lhesame,ofthevotesgivenand
so estimated, who shall examine the ^ame, and ascertain the
correctness theieof; and any person receiving a majority of
all the \otes (so estimated) given in all the States for Presi-
dent (the total number of the votes given m each State being
counted as so many votes as the said State shall be entitled to
Senators and Representatives in the Congress ol -the United
States) shall be President. But if no person shall receive a
majority ofthe votes (thus estimated) forVice President,then
the Senate, on or after the fourth daj of Mar^i next ensuing,
shall select trom the persons having the three highest num-
bers of votes so estimated, one to be Vice President; and if
no person shall receive a majority of all the votes so esti-
mated given for President, then the President shall be se-
lected out of those who have r'eceived the five highest num-
bers ot votes for President, (so estimated,) as follows: Each
State shall be divided into the same number of districts as
the said State shall he entitled to Representatives in the
Congress t>f the United States, and the persons who were
entitled- to vote for President shall have at the same time
voted tor one person as a district elector, and two other per-
sons as State electors; and the one wfeo shall receive witlun
the district the largest number of votes as district elect-
or, and the two who shall have received within the
State the largest number of votes for State electors,
fehail be electors for the State; and on notice given them
that no President has -been elected by the people, the
electors shall assemble within their own States, at a place
designated, and on the——day of and if the whole ot
the electors of the State be not assembled by o'clock
of that flay, those assembled shall proceed by vote to
fill up their number, and on the next day at the same
place shall proceed to vote for a person for President,
each elector voting for one of the persons who received
one of the five highest numbers of votes given for President.
A return of all the votes given in all the Suites by the electors
thus assembled, shatl be made at'tfce seat of Government of
the United States, to officers authorized to receive and'
examine the same; and if neither o£ the persons so voted
for shall have a majority of all the votes given by the electors
of all the States, then from the two 'having the. highest
number of electoral votes, the House shall select one as
President; but in thus selecting one for President, each
State shall have but one vote.
Mr. SLINGERLAND offered the following
resolution, which was read; and debate arising
thereon, it was laid over one day under the rule,
viz:
Resolved, That John B. Fry, who acted as clerk in the
office of the Sergeant-at-ariris, at the last session of Con-
gress,.be paid by the Clerk of this House the same amount
of extra compensation as was allowed to the assistant clerks
in the Clerk's office.
Mr. TALLMADG.E offered the following res-
olution, which was reatl ;and debate arising thereon,
it was laid over one day under the rule:
Resolvedt That bill (H. R.) No. 386, entitled "A bill to
establish a branch mint of the United States in the city of
New York," betaken from thegeneral orders, and made the
special ordet for Monday next.
On motion of Mr. LORD,
ResoUed3 That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency ot erecting a light-house on
that part of Gardiner's Inland, in Long Island sound, known
as Gaidmer's Point.
On motion of Mr. NEWELL,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of making an appropriation
to provide means for the better preseivation of life and
property from shipwreck on the coast of New Jersey, be-
tween Little Egg Harbor and Cape May, and that they report
by bill or otherwise.
Mr. POLLOCK offered the following resolution,
which was read; and debate arising thereon, it was
laid over one day under the rnle, viz:
Rpolved, That House Bill No. 468, entitled " A Bill to set
apart and sell to Asa Whitney, ot New York, a poiuon of
the public lands, to enable him to construct a railroad from
Lake Michigan to the Pacific Ocean," be made the special
order ot the day for the first Tuesday in January next, and
continue from day to day until disposed of.
Mr. BUTLER offered the following resolution,
which was laid upon the table one day under the
rule, viz:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he
is herebj, required to furnish this House with a statement of
the amount of iron imported under the tariff act of 1)346, and
tha amount of revenue received on the same; specifying
pattieularly the amount ot each kind of iron imported, and
the duties paid on each kiud. Also, a similar statement of
the amount ot iron of all kinds imported annually under the
tar iff act ot 1842, and the amount of revenue received on
such imporlation.
Mr. FARRELLY offered the following resolu-
tion, which was read; and debate arising thereon,
it was laid over under the rule, viz:
Resolved, That bill H. R. No. 102, entitled " A bill in ad-
dition toi an amendment of the several acts to promote the
progress of the useful aits," be made tne special order lor
Tuesday of next week, and for each succeeding day unUl
disposed of.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, of Maryland,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce inquire into
the expediency of m iking an appropriation for the improve-
ment of the harbor ot Havre-de-Giace, Mao land, and that
the said committee report by bill or otherwise.
On motion of Mr. VENABLE,
Resolved, That the report of the Clerk in relatiofi 'to the
books ordered to be presented to the members ol this fious.e,
be reported to the Committee on Printing.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. WILLARD P. HALL gave notice of a
motion for leave to introduce bills with the follow-
ing titles:
A bill further to continue in force the acts for
the payments of horses and other property lost in
the military service of the United States.
A bill granting to the State of Missouri the
right of way and a donation of public lands for the
purpose of making a railroad from Hannibal to
St. Joseph r in said State.
Mr. McKAY gave notice of a motion for leave
to introduce a bill of the following title:
A bill toprovidefor the settlement of theaccounts
of officers of the army and navy, or other persons,
who may have received moneys which were raised
in Mexico, either by contributions, penalties, or
internal assessments.
Mr. HAMPTON, of Pennsylvania, gave notice
of a motion for leave to introduce a bill to- repeal
the tariff act of 1846, and to restore the tariff of
1842. -
In pursuance of previous notice, Mr. GOGGIN
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (No. —)
to reduce the rates of postage on letters and news-
papers, to establish uniform postal charges, and to
correct abuses of the franking privilege; which bill
was read a first and second time, committed to the
Committee of the Whole House on the state of the
Uoion, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL gave notice of a
motion for leave to introduce a joint resolution of
the following title: A joint resolution authorising
surveys of a route for a canal or railroad between
the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans.
Mr. ANDREW JOHNSON gave notice of a
motion for leave to introduce a bill of the following
title: A bill to make the " soil free" or provide an
inalienable home of one hundred and sixty acres
of the public domain for every poor man who is
the head of a family and a citizen of the United
Slates, or a widow who is the mother of a minor
child or children, "without money and without
price.''
Mr. VINTON gave notice of a motion for leave
to introduce a bill of the following title: A bill
granting lands to certain States, therein named, to
aid them in the construction of roads and canals,
and the improvement of their rivers.
Mr. FICKL1N gave notice of a motion for leave
to introduce a bill of the following title: A bill to
grant to the State of Illinois alternate sections of-
land, to aid in the construction of a railroad con-
necting the lower Mississippi with the northern
lakes and the mineral region, and also a cross rail-
road from the Mississippi to the Wabash river, in
the direction of Louisville, Cincinnati, or Pitts-
burg—the location to be determined by the Illinois
Legislature.
jj Mr. ALEXANDER EVANS gave notice of a
!; motion for leave to introduce a bill of the follow-
jj ing title: A bill to appoint an officer to grant en-
j1 rolments and licenses, to reside at Chesapeake
;i City, Maryland.
'j Mr. DUNN gave notice of a motion for leave to
!; introduce a bill of the following title: A bill grant-
j| ing the right of way over the public lands lying in
j! the States of Indiana and Illinois to the Ohio and
;! Mississippi Railroad Company, and a portion of
\\ the public lands within said States of Indiana and
Jj Illinois, to said States respectively, to be by them
!; appropriated in the construction and completion of
!| a railroad, to be constructed by said company.
|i Mr. H1LLIARD gave notice of a motion for
j; leave to introduce a bill of the following title: A
it bill to amend an act to divide the State of Ala-
j bama into judicial districts.
Mr. W. R. W. COBB gave notice for a motion
for leave to introduce a hill of the following title:
A bill to graduate and reduce the priceof the public
lands belonging to the United States, and for other
'! purposes.
;! Mr. LEFFLER gave notice of a motion fur
, leave to introduce a bill of the following title: A
bill to grant to the State of Iowa certain alternate
(■•sections of the public lands, to aid said State in the
ji construction of a railroad from Dubuque via Iowa
City, to Keokuck, in said State.
I On motion of Mr. STANTON,
j; Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
i; to inquire into the expediency ot establishing a collection
j i district in that part of Tennessee which borders on the Mis-
}: sisMppi, with a port of entry at Memphis.
ji On motion of Mr. VINTON,
I: Resolved, That the estimates of the Secretary of the
j! Treasury of the appropriations whit h will be required for
the expenditures of the Government for the fiscal y< ar end-
ing on the 30th of June, A. D. 1850, be referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
On motion of Mr. EDWARDS,
Re-olved, That the Speaker appoint a special committee
of five memtrr- to inquireinto the expednncyof m>amend-
ing the patent laws', a-1 to prevent the patenting of compound
medicinal agent.-, and that the committee report by bill or
otherwi-e.
On motion of Mr. DICKINSON,
Resolved, That the Committee on Oomint ree be ir^tructed
to inquire mto the expediency of providm , b> law. for the
construction ot three steam dredging machines, to be used
