26
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 12,
in protecting harbors on Lake Erie, and in removing the
obstructions to the entrance of the same; and that a sepa-
rate lull be reported for the purpose of carrying the above into
effk-t.  
Mr. LAHM offered the following resolution,
which was read; and debate arising thereon, it was
laid over under the rule, viz:
Resolved, Tliat the. Committee on Commerce be instruct-
ed to report to this House, at as early a period as possible, a
bin making appropriations for such objects of internal im-
provements of a national character on the western rivers
and lathes as are necessary for the protection of the com-
merce, of said rivers and !akes,asalsoof the lives of persons
traveling and employed upon the same.
Mr. TAYLOR offered the following resolution,
which was redd; and debate arising thereon, it was
laid over under the rule, viz;
Resolved, That the Committee on Printin? be, and they
are hereby, in>tructed to inquue and report to tins House
the best mode of causing the proceedings of tins House to
be published.
WVlr. THOMPSON, of Indiana, offered the fol-
lowing resolution, which was lead; and debate
arising thereon, it was laid over under the rule:
Resolved) Thata select committee be appointed to inquire
into the expediency of providing by law loi the recon-
noHsance of a route for a railroad from >ome eligible point
in the valley or'the iYIL-si^-ippi to the Pacific Ocean, and
that they huve leave to report by bill or otherwise.
On motion of Mr. HARMANSON,
Resolved, That the Committee on Private Land Claims
be directed to inquire into the expediency and justice of
extending to con tinners of claims in the distnct west of
Pedil river, LouiM<ma, known as the Greenburv Land Dis-
trict, the benefits allowed to the di-tuct ea-t uf Pearl river,
in Miss-i-sippi, by {he act of Congress approved March 3,
1845, entitled "An act to confirm the survey and location
of claims for land in the State of Mississippi, cast of Pear!
river and south of the thiitv fitst degiee of north latitude#'
so f;tr that in all cases m winch he actual surveys, of a claim
mav fall short of the quantity confirmed, to permit the de-
ficiency to he located on othei hinds in the same district;
and aLo to allow a new location to the extent which a con-
firmee may lo©e by conflict with other rights.
On motion of Mr. EMBREE,
Resetted, Thai the Committee of Ways and Means in-
qmieiuto the expediency ol udoptnn.' a more economical
system of public expenditure : Fint, by reducing the salary
or pay of all oflicers of Government one-fouilh, where the
salary or pay exceeds one thousand dollars per annum,and the
Constitution doe-> not piohibitsuch reduction. Scc^nd, By
estimating the mileage of members of Congress, and Dele-
gates of Teiritories by the nearest mail route fiom the city
of Wa-hin^ton to th« post office nearest the residence of
e?ch member or Delegate. Third, By providing that, after
Consrress ha* been in session for three months during any
Congre.-s, the pa> of merni er> and delegatcsshall be reduced
one-halffrom that time to the olo-*e of the ^e^sion. And by
ffiueh other economical pioviMons as to ^aid committee may
seem i i«ht and expedient; and that said committee report by
bill or oihenvi>e.
Mr. OATHCART offered the following resolu-
tion, which was read; and debate arising thereof,
it was laid over under the rule, viz:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquiry into the expediency ol aboli.-hing flogging
in the navy.
On motion of Mr. EEATH ERSTON, •
Re-ohrd, That the memorial of John H. Goldsby. and the
accompany in# paper*, he withdrawn from the files, and
refeircdto the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
On motion of Mr. WENTWORTH,
Resolved, Tint the 1'resident of the United States be re-
quested to mfoini tins House whether he has received any
information thai American citizens have been arrested by
ftrin-h authorities in Ireland; and if so, what have been
the c utses thereof, and what fete p.# have been taken lor their
. release, and if not, in his opinion, inconsistent with the
public interests, to furnish this Hou^c with copies oi all cor-
respondence in iclation to the matter.
On motion of Mr. WILLARD P. HALT-,
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Land- lie in-
stiucted to inquire into the propiiety of so amending the
act!? m anting rights of pr; dmpiion, as to grant rights of pre-
emption to settler* upon publi- lands before they aie -,ur-
veved, upon the same teuns that meh rights are now granted
to seUJeis upon mrvejed public lands.
On motion of Mr. CHARLES E. STUART,
Ilobolvtd. That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to in quite into the expediency of a urve>ing the monih of
  liorlli Black river, on Lake Michigan, and building a light-
house thereat.
On motion of Mr. WM. THOMPSON,
Resohedy That tlie Committee on the Tetiuoiies be, and
are hereby, iri-fiucted tA> inquire into the expediency of so
dividing the Turitoryof LTppet California, a^ to otgamze
and extend a di^Unet (erntotini govuinment ovei riiat por-
tion of !-aul 'J^utoiv which include* the white settlements
in the vicinity of Salt Lake; and that they report at an
early da\, by bill or otherwise.
On motion of Mr. DARLING,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public Lamb be
instituted to inquue into the e\pedien< y «f piouding by
law toi a gieater compilation to remsteih and re< eive7* of
land othctd in the lucdimn of military bounty-land warrants.
On motion of Mr. LEVIN,
Resolved, That the Committee on Engravii^ be directed
to contract for the enjraving.of the three maps accompany-
ing the President's message, to accompany the extra copies
of the same ordered by the House.
On motion of Mr. GREEN,
Ordered, That leave be given to withdraw the petition and
papers in the case of the heirs of Joseph Spencer, a revolu-
tionary soldier. Also, the papers in the case of Colonel
Crockett, pf Kentucky.
REGENTS SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
The joint resolution of the Senate for the ap-
pointment of regents in the Smithsonian Institution
was taken up, read three times, passed, and returned
to the Senate.
THE TARIFF OF 1842.
Mr. ECKERT ofl'e'red the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
instructed to iuquireluto the expediency of repoitmg a tariff
bill based upon the principles fit the tariff of 1842.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved the previous question;
which "was seconded, and under the operation
thereof was agreed to by yeas and nays—yeas 96,
nays 94, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Ashmun, Bairinger, Belcher,
Rhtckmnr, Blancbard, Bojdon, Brady, Buckner, Butler,
Can by, Chapman, Cocke, C'Mhimer, Conger, Cranston, Oris-
fiehl, C rowel I, Crozier, Dickey, Jhvon, Donneli, JDuer,
Daniel Duncan. Garnett Duncan, Eckeit, Edwards, Alex-
ander Evans, Nathan Evans, Farrelly, Fi-her, Fieedley,
Cumcs, G.<yle, Giddings, Gott, Greeley, Gregory, Gnnnell,
Hale, Nathan K. Hall, James G.Hampton,Mo.-e  Hampton,
Haskell, Henry, Ehas. B. Holmes, John W. Houston, Hub
baid, Hnds-on, Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, Kellogg, Daniel
P. King? William T Lawrence,'"Levin, Lincoln, iVjeilvauie,
Muish, Marvin, Morehead, Mulhn, Nek-on, Nes, Newell,
Outlaw, Paltiey, Pendleton, Pollock, PieMon, Putnam,
Rcy nobis, J> hu> Rot kwell, J<.hn A. Rockwell, Root, Ram-
j^ey, St. John, Shepperd, Shcrnll, Silvestei, Slingerland,
Caleb B, Smith, Truman Smith, Stephens, Stiohm, Tall-
madge, Taylor, Thtbodcaux, Kichaid W. Thompson, John
B. Tliomp-on, Thornton, Tuck, Van Dyke, Vmton, War-
ren, White, and Wil-on—96.
NAYS—JVL.^rs. Atkinson, Ba\ly, Beale, Bedinger, Btnjt-
ham. Bot o«. k, Bow don, Bo) d, William G. Biow n, (Jh<nles
Brown. Albeit G Brown, Burt, Cathcait, Clapp, Franklin
Clark, Howi 11 Cobb, Williamson 11 \V. Cobb, Cummin^
Daniel, Darling, Dickinson, Faian, Feather-ton, Flournoy,
Fiencli, Fulton, Gogjun, Gn,eu, Willard P. Hall, (-.amnion*,
HaraUon, liiumdm-on, Hariif, Henlt>, Hill, I.E. Holmes,
luge, lver>on, Jenkins, Andiew Johnson, Jarm s II. John-
son, Robert W. Johnt-on, Geoii>e W. Jmies, Julm W. Jones,
kaufman, Kennon,. Lahm, La S6ie, Sidney Lawrence,
LefHer, Li«on, Loid. Luinpkm, L.vnde, Maclay, McClel-
land, "MeKav, Job JViuun, Meade, Miller, Morn.-, \ on-e,
Murphy, Nicoll, Pea.-loe, Peck, Petric, Pettit, Pejton,
Phelps, lihett. Richardson, Richey, Robinson, Rockhill,
Sawyer, Smart, Robert Smith, Stanton, btaikweathei, C.
E. CJiiuirt, Tnonias. James 'Jhompson, llobi.rt A. Thomp-
son, William Thompson. Tqmpktns, Turner, \ enable,
Wcntwoith, Wick, Wiley, Williams, Wilniot, and Wood-
ward—94.
CONGRESSIONAL CONTINGENT FUND.
"In pursuance of previous notice, Mr. COBB, of
Georgia, asked, obtained leave, and introduced a
biii (No. —) to pre-vent either House of Congress
fiom disposing of the contingent fund except by
joint resolution of the two Houses, which bill was
redd a first and second time.
Air. COBB moved that the bill be put upon its
engrossment, and also moved the previous ques-
tion.
After an inquiry by Mr. ASHMUN,
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved to
by the bill on the table; which question was de-
cided, by yeas and nays, in the negative—yeas
C9, nays 107, as follows:
YEAS—Abbott, Adams, Ashmun, Bairow, Black-
mai, Bhinchaid, Bojdon, Brnd\, Buckmr, Luik-i, Catiby,
Chapman, Collamtt, Ciaiiaton, CrovvelJ, Dickey, Dixon,
Donneli, Darnel Duncan, Eckert, Euwaid>, Alexander
Evans, Nathan Evans, Fi>her, Freedley, Gaines, Gajle,
Gnnuell, Hale, Jan?es>G Hampton, Mo?e  Ilampton, Has-
kell, Henry, John W. Hou.-ton, Hubbard, Hudson, Hunt,
IOUo^ir, Daniel P. Kinif, Wilhniu T. Lawience ,Lincoln,
Lv ode, Mcllvaine, Marsb, Marvin, Mulhn, Nobon, iVe-^,
! newell, tJuthiw, Pendleton, Putnam, Julius Roekuell,J(dm
i A Rockwell, &t. John, frhetnll, Silvester, Shiiijeil.tnd,
■ Cab b B. Smith, Truman Smith, T.illmadge, Taylor,Riehaid
; W. Tliomp on, John H. Thompson,'Pumpkin*, \ an D\ke,
i "Vinto!?. Warien,and White—6'J.
! NAYS—Me^is. Atkniann, li.unngor,Bajly, Beale,Bine-
1 ham, Botock, Bowdon, Boul, William G. iiiown, Ch ,rl<:s
Blown, Ait'eit G. Bioivn, Burt, Catheait, Howell Cobb,
|' WiJ,lam-on R W Cobb. Cocke, Conner, Crozier, Daniel,
| D-tiliiiy, Lickii'.son, Duer, Dunn, Einhtee, Faian, Feather-
\t feton, Fu klin, Flourno) , Fn^tich, I niton, Guiding, Gogiiin,
j; Gott, Gieen, Greeley, Gregoiy, Will.ird P. Hail, Nathan K.
.■ Hall, Uammnn-, HaraNon, Haimon-on, Hanis, Henley,
! Hill, Hilhaiu, Inge, Chailes J. ingeitoll, Iverson, Jenkins,
Andiew lohnson, Jame* H. Jolni-on, Robert W. Johnson,
; <.eoig!; W. Jone^. John VV. Jone-. Kaufman, Kennon, Lahm,
; La S6re, Sidne\ Luvreriee, Leffler, Ligon, Loni, Lumpkin,
Mai lay, Mc< 'Itilland. McKa\. Job Mann, Meride, Mnh r,
Morel,ead. Morns,' Moise, N coil, Pua^lee, Peck, Petric,
Phelps, Piisbnry, Pollock, Pre.-t.m, Reynolds, Riietf. Rich-
aid-on, R ibin-on. R«,< kbi 1, Root, Rumsf y , Sawyer,' Shep-
peid, Srn ut. K. Smith, Sidnfon, Stdikwcaitier,pliers,
Charle? E. Smart, Stionsr, Thomas;, Jan.cs Tbontpftou, U
A.'J hompson, William Thompson, Thurston, Tuck, Ven-
able, Weutworth, Wiley, Wilton, and Woodward—107.
The previous question was then seconded; and,
under its operation, the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed.
The question being on the third reading of the
bill—
! Mr. ASHMUN objected thereto.
! Mr. COBB, of Georgia, moved a suspension of
! the rules, to allow the bill to be read a thirdjime
this day—yeas 83, nays 77. Two-thirds not
voting in the affirmative,,the motion was lost.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
In pursuance of previous notice, Mr. McCLEL-
LAND asked, obtained leave, and introduced the
following bills, viz:
A bill (No. —) making appropriations for the
preservation, repair, and completion of certain
harbor improvements on the northern lakes.
A bill (No.—) making appropriations forcer-
tain harbors on Lake Michigan, and for the im-
provement of the St. Clair flats; which bills were
severally read the first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
A bill (No. —) granting to the State of Michigan
the right of way, and a donation of the public lands
for the construction of a ship canal around the falls
of St. Mary's, in said State; which bill was read
the first and second lime, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands.
In pursuance of previous notice,
Mr. NICOLL asked, obtained leave, and in-
troduced a hill (No. —) to amend an act entitled
" An act making appropriations for the civil and di-
plomatic expenses of the Government for the year
ending the thirtieth of June, one thousand eight
hundred and forty-nine, and for other purposes/'1
approved August 12, 3848; which bill was retui a
first time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary. v
Tn pursuance of previous notice, Mr. ROBERT
SMITH asked, obtained leave, and introduced a
IdiII (No. —) granting to the State of Illinois the
ri^ht of way, and a donation of public lands, for
making a railroad connecting the upper and lower
Mississippi with the chain of northern, lakes at
Chicago; which bill was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
The Hous*1 adjoufned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 19, 1848.
Mr. Calhoun, of South Carolina, appeared in
his place to-day.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, announcing that the House had
passed the joint resolution fiom the Senate for the
reappointment of ccrtain regents of the Smithso-
nian Institution.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate *
a report from the Supcnntendent of the Coast Sur-
vey, of the operations of that bureau during the
last year.
On motion of Mr. BALDWIN, 2,000 copies of
this document, in addition to the usual number,
were ordered to be printed.
Mr. WALKER presented a memorial of the
registers and receivers of the several land offices
in the State of Wisconsin, asking for a rearrange-
ment of the compensation allowed for their ser-
vices; which was read, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. DOWNS presented the petition of Joshua
Holden, praying the right of preemption to a cer-.
tain tract of land; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. DOWNS also presented a petition of Joseph
Walker, praying the confirmation of his title to a
certain tiact of land; winch was referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the petition of
William C. Sterrett, praying for a pension; which
was referred to die Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BRADBURY presented a petition of Ben-
' jamtn Stmson, asking payment of the amount due
I! for the charter of the brig Orion, as a store-ship
of the United States; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of citizens
of Cumberland and Lincoln counties, Maine,
praying for a new post route from Lewistown to
Topsham; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BREESE presented a petition o&citizens of
