i84a
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
29
should be obtained? The House could not pur-
chase a carpet, repair *a broken bench, order a
pound of ice f# the water jar, print a bill, nor
upon the deatHljpf one of its members pay his
remains the last decent tribute of respect, except
by all the delay attendant upon the passage of a
bill. Did the gentleman from Georgia desire to
invoke the aid of the veto power in order to pre-
vent what he chose to consider extravagant ex-
penditures, in order to prevent the public money
from being lavished in the jwrehase of useless
books and documents? He (Mr. E.) would go as
- far as any gentleman, but not in this way; he
would not consent that the President should be set
up as a guardian of this House, and he would
not consent that the aid of the veto should be in-
voked in order to prevent them from doing what
their own decent regard for their own reputation
and their own sense of right and propriety ought
to hinder them from doing. Did the gentleman
from Georgia desire, that before the House printed
one of its bills, the assent of (the President should
first be had and obtained ?
Mr COBB (in his seat) here remarked that he
did not desire to invoke the aid of the veto.
Mr. EVAN'S resumed. What, then, did the gen-
tleman desire? What was the object of his bill?
If he sought for general indefinite appropriations
which should afterward be specifically applied, he
did not remedy any one of the evils of which he
complaincd. Every dollar of the fund would be
expended, and the House would be suhjected to
ail the inconveniences and delays before men-
tioned. He hoped that the House would not be
so wanting in regard to its own dignity, reputa-
tion, and welfare, as to deprive itself of all control
of its own moneys. He hoped that it would not,
from an unmanly fear that abuses might arise,
because abuses had arisen, consent to put itself
into bonds and trammels; to seek a guardian; and
thus publicly profess its own incompetency to
manage and control its own contingent fund. If
the gentleman from Georgia believed that the sig-
nature of the President was not necessary to the
expenditure of the contingent fund, under the bill
introduced yesterday; if the gentleman believed
that by it abuses would be corrected, he would
here pause and yield the floor to that gentleman, for
explanation. I am sure he sought to do right and
justice, and to preserve the rights, the honor, and
the dignity of the House. But perhaps the gen-
tleman rather desired to be heard in reply?
Mr. COBB (in his seat) intimated his intention
to reply.
Mr. EVANS continued. In that case, he'said,
he would, after apologizing to the House-for
speaking so long upon a matter which he must
nevertheless regard as one of great importance,
yield the floor, in order that the gentleman who
upon every subject spoke so sensibly and so well,
might vindicate his own bill.
Sir. COBB, of Georgia, said that he would re-
fer the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Evans] to
the one hundred and seventeenth page of the Jour-
nal of the last session of Congress, where it would
be found, that on a motion submitted by himself
(M r. C.) to suspend the rules, for the purpose of
enabling; lum to introduce a bill, the vote stood
yeas 99, nays 73. He cited this fact in confirm-
ation of the statement he had yesterday made,
that the object of the bill had, at the last session,
received the approval of a majority of the House.
The gentleman seemed to be alarmed by the
apprehension of the exercise of the veto power.
He (Mr. C.) would state candidly'that he had had
no reference to the exercise of that power by the J
bill which he bad introduced, nor did he cherish
any desire to bring the contingent fund of the
House of Representatives or of the Senate within
the operation of that power. He did not even con-
template rendering necessary the signature of the
President to the joint resolution providing for the
expenditures of the contingent fund of either
branch of Congress; and it seemed-*o him, that
if the gentleman from Maryland wtmld reflect a
little on the occurrences of the last few months, he
would see that there was very little reason to
apprehend any difficulty on tljat point during the
next four years. He did not think that the joint
resolution would require the signature of the Presi-
dent, any more than a joint resolution providing,
for the election of chaplains to the two Houses.
Mr. EVANS here rose with the purpose (as the
reporter understood) of reading the clause of the
Constitution applicable to bills, &c., (and which is
hereafter quoted.) .
Mr. COBB said he was well aware of the re-
quirements of that clause of the Constitution to
which- the gentleman referred. But he (Mr. C.)
did not consider the resolutions contemplated
by the bill to be one of that class of resolutions
contemplated by the Constitution of the United
States.
Mr. EVANS. If the gentleman will give way
for a moment 
COBB continued. He had the Constitution
before him. He did not propose to enter into a
discussion upon the constitutional point; but he
would say, that even if the gentleman could satisfy
him that the signature of the President was ne-
cessary, he (Mr. C.) should still urge the bill upon
the consideration of the House. He would not
say that the reasons why he considered the passage
of the bi [^necessary, had reference merely to the
apprehension that the contingent fund would be
uselessly or unnecessarily squandered. He would
not say that that was the only reason; but he would
just ask gentlemen to refer to the history of the
disbursements of the contingent fund, that they
and the country might see the abuses which had
grown out of its expenditure within the last few
years.
What was the contingent fund ? What was it
at the time "the Government first went into oper- |
ation ? From a sum of one, two, or three thousand
dollars, appropriated for the purpose of defraying
the small and * necessary expenses of the two
Houses to which the gentleman had referred, it
had now risen to an aggregate amount of expendi-
tures equal to those of each of two-thirds of the
States of the Union, and to double, treble, and
even quadruple of those of some of the States.
The contingent fund—which was never examined
into except by the Committee on Accounts, which
never underwent the supervision of the House, the i
disbursements of which never saw the'light of day, i
-amounted at this day to hundreds of thousands of j
dollars. Where it had originally reached, as he had j
stated, an aggregate of one, two, or three thousand i
dollars, it now approximated to the sum of half
a million of dollars. Was it right that the money ' '
of the people should be thus annually voted away >i
by resolution, perhaps at a midnight session, when j;
not one-third of the members present were con- i
scious of the object to which the money was to be |.'
devoted ? The proper remedy was a joint resoln- ,
tion providing that whenever money belonging to !,
the contingent fund passed out of their hands, the
object for which it was designed should receive !!
tlie full and deliberate consideration and action of '
both Houses. jj
How much had been voted away at the close ||
of the last session of Congress? Neither the gen- ,|
tleman from Maryland nor the House knew the 'j
amount which had been voted away, under reso- ij
lution, on the last night of the last session—the j
amount o'f extra compensation to persons who now !,
receive salaries as good as any that were paid un- ;l
der this Government; the amounts voted away for |l
purposes that were wholly unnecessary. Mr. C. j
referred to a case of this description, which had !!
occurred within his own experience as a member .j
of the Committee on Account^. A resolution had i
been introduced, which passed without investiga-
tion or inquiry, (because no member felt sufficient
interest in the matter to look into it,) directing the i:
purchase of a manuscript, the property of an in-
dividual, which was said to contain valuable sta- j
tistical information. He (Mr. C.) resisted the !
appropriation on this floor; but he could not obtain '■
a hearing; the members would give him no atten- ;
tion. He had also resisted it before the Committee
on Accounts, but to no purpose. What was the ||
result? The sum of two thousand dollars was*
paid for this valuable statistical book, which turned }
out to be nothing but a compilation from public i
documents, useless to the country; and rather than
incur the expense of printing, the book was or- |i
dered to be carried to the Tieasury Department, '!
where it was buried among those old and musty ,
documents which never saw the light of day.
Would the sum of two thousand dollars have been '
thus uselessly squandered, thrown into the fire, if ;
a proper investigation into the merits of the matter i
had been made ? This was but one of many sim- !
liar instances. He could enumerate objects which, ;
m his judgment, never could have received the >1
sanction of the two Houses, if both had been re- j
quired to act upon them. Let gentlemen look into
these matters. They would oe struck with the:
fact, that very large amounts of money had been
paid out of the contingent funds of the Senate and
of the House, for objects of which they were en-
tirely unconscious. Was it not right and proper
to throw around expenditures of one, two, or
three hundred thousand dollars, all the checks and
guards of which legislation was susceptible? The
sum itself, it was true, was voted in the appropri-
ation bills, but there was no reference to the objects
for which it should be appropriated.
He was willing that the contingent fund should
be placed at the disposal of the two Houses, but
that the action of both be such as to show that the
'objects upon which the money was expended had
undergone a fair scrutiny. Oould any reasonable
objection be made to such a system? If there
were any purposes for which it was requisite that *
these expenditures of the public money should be
made, let them be brought fairly into consideration,
and if they were meritorious, there could be no
doubt that both the Houses would concur in votin"-
the-appropriations. "
Mr. EVANS interposed and said, that the gen-
tleman was evidently leading the House.to sup-
pose that the Senate and the House could dispose-
of this fund under the joint resolution proposed*
without the sanction of the President. He (Mr.
E.) desired, therefore, to read the clause of the
Constitution to which he had referred:
"Every order, resolution, or vote, to which the con.
currency of the Senate and House of Representatives may
be necessary, (excepton question* of adjournment.) shall be
prei-ented to the President of the United Stares; and before
the same shall take effect, shall Be appra^ed by him, or
being disapproved bv him, shall be repassed by two-thirds
of the Senate and House of Representatives, according to
the rules and limitations prescribed in the case of a law.""
Mr. COBB remarked, that he would refer to
that matter hereafter. He had been going on
to ask what objection could be brought to this
resolution, unless gentlemen wished to vote away
the public money for objects which could not
commend themselves to the approval of the House
and the Senate? Why did gentlemen oppose it?
: He asked the gentleman from Maryland, if hs
believed, in case the concurrence of both branches
was required, that appropriations, such as were
made at the closing scenes of sessions of Congress,
could ever pass? No one believed it. He asked
the gentleman if he believed that this appropria-
tion, by which they gave to themselves some
eighty thousand dollars'worth of books, by virtue
of a mere resolution, hurried through at the closing
scene of a session, could receive the sanction of
the two Houses, if it was deliberately acted on?
Did the gentleman believe that thousands and
thousands would be voted away on objects less
meritorious even than those to which he.had re-
ferred? Did he believe that this House and the
other would vote these large amounts of extra
pay to its officers and everybody connected with
the two Houses, if it required the sanction of both
Houses ?
But it waa unnecessary further to refer to in-
stances of wasteful, prodigal expenditure from this
contingent fund. The fact was, that this resolu-
tion did nothing more or less than place this sys-
tem of appropriations on its proper basis. Such
objects as were meritorious in themselves, such
as could bear the light of day, such as could be
sustained when deliberately}coollyacted on, would
pass, and to these no objections could be made.
But as long as the present practice was suffered to
continue; as long as they slipped in resolutions at
midnight sessions, and pressed them through un-
der combinations of different interests: as long as
they passed the resolutions without inquiry, with-
out knowing whether any good was to result, so
long would this contingent fund conunue liable to
these gioss abuses, from which nothing but the
system he proposed would-relieve it.
But thegentleman from Maryland had said, that
under the Constitution of the United States, these
joint resolutions would require the stint tion of the
President. He (Mr. C.) confessed, that at the
time he introduced this resolution,and still, he was
of the opinion that resolutions of the character pro-
posed, were not such as were contemplated by the
Constitution in requiring the President's assent
to their passage. He asked the gentleman, in
what w.ould they differ from joint resolutions for
the election of chaplains? Did they not by joint
resolution provide for thfi elgction of chaplains
