82
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 12.
 uance of the terms 6f her annexation to the Union, all that
portion of New Mexico which lies east of the Rio Grande.
Mr. McLANE offered the following resolution:
Resolved. That a select committee of five be appointed
by the Chair, to inquire and ascertain to what extent this
House has exercised its constitutional obligation to provide
tor the publication of its journal of proceedings, and to re-
port thereon, with such recommendations as they may
deem expedient, by bill or otherwise.
Mr. McLAN E remarked, that hehad a few words
to say upon this resolution, and he presumed they
would be in order, if not under the ordinary rules,
on the ground that this was a privileged motion.
He said he had been among those who had voted
in the inception of this business to provide for a
full and efficient publication of their debates. He
was anxious to have it done, and to give a fair
and just compensation to anybody who would do
it. He felt that this public printing could not, tyid
ought not to be done fairly, without just and full
compensation. Various representations had been
made in the form of memorials and petitions; and
whether it was worth $1,000 or $10,000, by offering
it to the lowest bidder, and saving specifically
what they wanted, viz : its daily publication,
tjiey would ascertain what its value was; for it
would be quite impossible for any "pensioned"
press here to monopolize such a work, which was
open to competition with the papers of immense
circulation.in the cities; such as the Herald, Tri-
bune, and Sun, in New York; the Philadelphia
Ledger; the Baltimore Sun—mentioning these pa-
pers without disparagement to others. • He should
have introduced a resolution at once to offer it at
contract to the lowest bidder; but inasmuch as peti-
tions and memorials from practical printers had been
presented to this House, he deemed it but respectful
to them that they should go to a committee; hence,
instead of moving a direct resolution for these re-
ports, he had proposed to refer the question and
the memorials which had been, and which should
be, received, to a select committee.
Now, the constitutional obligation of this House
to keep and publish a journal, from time to time,
could not be satisfied by the publication of a jour-
nal of its acts merely, as it was now made up, and
by laying it on their desks, or sending it to them
at the close of the session. He would here state,
that frequently, in the latter part of the last ses-
sion, he had made application to the Clerk to see
the journal of the proceedings of the day before,
or the week before, and he found, on one occa-
sion, that two weeks, he might say three weeks—
and he intended no disrespect to the Committee on
Printing—had elapsed, and no journal of their
proceedings was on their desks. Now, he was
decidedly of the opinion that the journal of their
proceedings ought to be contracted for to belaid
on their desks every succeeding morning; that the
contract should be absolute; and that sufficient
inducement in the way of pecuniary compensa-
tion should be given to any printer who would
perform the business. He would propose and
recommend, that, in connection with the journal,
a full report of~the debates should be printed. He
considered the current debates just as much part of
their proceedings as their mere votes; and that as
necessary as was the insertion on the journal that
Mr. A or Mr. B made such a motion, was the
' explanation of that motion; and that it was as
much a part of their proceedings. Therefore, he
would require the Clerk to contract with the low-
est bidder—let it be the editor of a paper in Wash-
ington or in New York. All he asked was, that
upon their tables, here m this Hall, every morn-
ing, they should have a copy of their proceedings
on the jirevious day.
One word more. He had ta}(en some pains to
ascertain what would be the expense of such a
publication, ancj,- he felt assured, with the compe-
tition that -pervaded every branch of industry—
and certainly the press as much or more than any
other—that for the subscription price of a daily
paper, they could have this publication ; that for
five dollars for two sessions, or something like it,
they could have this full publication. They had
already paid $25,000 to have twelve copies of the
Congressional Globe furnished to every member.
Now, they could, if they chose, divert one-fifth of
that |25.000, and have this daily publication by
thpse same printers. These printers were attached
to the House, were the only official or quasi-
official printers. But be did not propose to dis-
turb any existing arrangement ; he proposed to
have a journal of their proceedings and debates
published, and laid on their tables every morning,
with the obligation to transmit a copy daily to
every newspaper in the United States that would
agree to republish them. Now, what would be
the practical effect of this? The papers in the
city of Washington would all be obliged to pub-
lish it, or lose their subscriptions. Without
obtruding himself into the affairs of any individual
or any concern, it was within the range of every
man's observation in this House that the proceed-
ings published in the Globe and the Intelligencer
at the last session were one and the same report.
It was evident, therefore, to every gentleman, that
there musthave been, and it was rijp&t there should
have been, a combination between theft two jour-
nals to furnish full, efficient reports^ Now, the
effect of his resolufion would he to brWg into that
combination every one of the papers published in
the city of Washington, without pensioning any.
But if the chaige was made that it was unjust to
the other papers of the country to select the papers
or any of tiie papers printed in this city, as the
medium of communication between Congress and
the country, let the editors of the papers he had
named in New York, Philadelphia, and Baltimore,
and of other papers through the country, come
here and lay the reports of their proceedings and
debates on their tables every morning, and they
would receive the just and fair compensation. We
did not know the value of these publications. He
believed that a paper published m the city of
Washington could afford, and always had afforded,
to make their reports. Had not the editors of one
of the papers, gentlemen respected for theirintegrity,
told us that they had sunk large sums of money in
making these reports, he would not have hesitated
in making the assertion. He was disposed, there-
fore, as a member of this House, anxious to be
reported, accustomed to be reported, to accept so
far the assurance given by these gentlemen that
they had sunk large sums of money in reporting
without compensation—to say to the editors of
these and of other papers, For how much will you
furnish the country and the House with full pub-
lications of our journal and proceedings? And he
submitted to the House, if it could be asceitained
that for five dollars a column these reports could
be obtained, the adoption of this system would
supersede all others that had been in use. At all
events, as they had these propositions of enter-
prising men who told them they could publish
their proceedings, and distribute them to thousands
and thousands of their fellow-citizens cheaper than
they could possibly do it, he was disposed to test
the matter fairly, and bring in the bids of all these
gentlemen, and contract with the lowest Bidder.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, said, that svhen the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Ashmun,]
had yesterday given notice that he should not
again introduce the resolution concerning the re-
ports-of the debates and proceedings of this House,
he (Mr. J.) had hoped that the question had been
finally set at rest.
Mr. CROWELL here rose, and inquired of the
Speaker whether the resolution was debatable.
The SPEAKER was understood to say, that
it was cleaily debatable. The gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. McLane] had put the resolution
on the ground of privilege; and in the form in i
which it now stood, the Chair was disposed to |
acquiesce in that view. The resolution related to ^
an inquiry by a committee, whether the House j
.had done its duty in respect to the printing of the !
journal of its proceedings, as required by the Con- 1
stitution. To that point the debate ought legiti-
mately to be confined, though the gentleman had
extended his remarks beyond it.
Mr. McLANE said, that he had so framed the
resolution, that he might have the privilege of ex-
tending his remaiks.
Mr. JONES continued. The resolution did not ,
specify all that the gentleman frrom Maryland j
desired to attain under it; but his remarks devel- !
oped the plan which he proposed to carry out 'by j
it, and the committee to be appointed under it. It j
was the same object sought to be attained by the '
resolution of the gentleman from Massachusetts; !i
it provided not only for the printing of the Journal ,!
.of the House,'but it authorized the publication >'
of a debate—an extended debate, if gentlemen !!
pleased—on every subject that might come up for Ji
•consideration. The gentleman from Maryland ij
had told them that it could be done almost for a
song; that for the sum of five dollars a session for i(
each member, the House could have the benefit of
daily reports, to be laid on their tables every morn-
ing. If the object could be attained forthat amount,
or double that amount, he (Mr. J.) was willing to
contribute it out of his own pocket. All this might
do very well until the thing was started—until the
time came when theymust meet the expenseout of
the contingent fund. Some idea of theamountofex-
penditure which would be thus incurred, might be
formed from a glance at the columns of the two
daily papers—the Union and Intelligencer—which
were published this morning. On reference to them,
it would be seen that each paper contained about
sixteen columns of the Senate's proceedings of
yesterday.. At seven dollars and fifty cents per
column, (which was the price fixed by the Senate
contract,) the sum of one hundred and twenty dol-
lars would be paid out of the contingent fund to
each of those papers, for the reading of the leport
of the Secretary of the Treasury, and of a short
debate on printing it, and of some two or three
petitions or memorials published as a part of the
proceedings of the Senate.
Now, he would appeal to the members of this '
.House—he would appeal to the experience of
every gentleman on this floor—if it had been
customary to print, or if they had ever seen peti-
tions and memorials which had been presented in
either House, printed in the papers, or in the cur-
rent proceedings of either House, until the Senate
had adopted a resolution authorizing the payment
of seven dollars and fifty cents per column for the
reports of its proceedings. Gentlemen might try
to limit the amount which should be expended
under the resolution; they might try to specify
what should be published and what should not.
But let the system once go into opeiation, and no
project ever brought before either House would be
found more liable to abuse. One hundred and
twenty dollars, as he had stated, was to be paid
to each paper for the Senate proceedings of yester-
day. And here we had the same importantdocu-
meht (to wit, the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury) published in the Baltimore "Sun," and
distributed by the carriers, probably, before either
of those two papers had left the respective offices.
Why was it necessary at all to enter upon this
system of publishing reports? The Government
had been long in existence, and no such thing had
been done. If he was not mistaken, it arose out
of the contract system of doing the public print-
ing. Before that system was entered upon, either
party that happened to be in.power elected a par-
tisan Printer, and took no care of any other press.
When the other party came into power, they also
elected a Printer belonging to their own party.
But now, since the printing had been put out by
contract to those who published no newspapers,
proposals were made in behalf of the two papers
here, to give them this patronage, for the purpose
of sustaining them. If newspapers, could not be
supported by the support of the intelligent people
of the country, it was wrong that their represent-
atives should take this mode of fostering and sus-
taining them.
Mr. V1N ION moved that the House adjourn.
The motion prevailed, and
The House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following 'petitions and mennS-ials were presented
under the rule, and referred:
By Mr. BUTLER: Two petitions of citizen? of Columbia
county, Pennsylvania, remonstrating against a continuance
of t ie present t,niff policy, and asking (or an immediate
modification of the existing i-jvenue jaws.
By Mr. TAYLOR: The memorial of John Coates, of
Koss county, Ohio, tor compensation for extra services late-
ly performed by hnn as receiver uf public money-- at Cluh-
cothe : refeireii to tlie Committee on Churn*.
iiy Mr. ATKLYSOM: The petition of John C. P. E<i-
vvards, of Norfolk county, \irgmia, for pei mission to me
tiie United States for damages done to real estate of tiie pe-
titionei : referred to the Committee on the Judieiarj..
fiy Mr. MeCLELLAND : Petition of Major George Deas,
United State, army, lor pa\ment for a horse lost m tlis
Mexican war.
By Mi. HAItM'VNSON: Petitions of Joshua llolden, Sid-
nej Flower, and Amelia Covillion, for a right of p'-cemptHin
By Mr. S. LAVVKENOE : Petitionof Levi M. Roberts, for
increase of pension: ret'eired to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions. Also, the petition and papers of Polly Carver, lor
damage done by British army, in 1812.
By Mr HUNT : Seven petitions from citizens of Niagara
county, New Yoik. m favor of an appropriation to improve
Wilson Harhor at 'J'wclve-Mile Creek, on Lake Ontnno.
By Mr. LEVIN : The petition ol sundiy painters of Wash
ington city, praying compensation for suviee* rendered
about tiie Capital.
