1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
35
| vain. They voted me down and received those
1 petitions.
; Sir, I hold that this petition ou^ht not to "be re-
! ceived, for the very reason that it is disrespectful
: to the constituents "of one-half the members of this
i body. But 1 do not wish to make the point here.
5 I rise here to express my sentiments, and I shall
ever rise when any imputation is cast upon the
rights or honor of those whom I represent.
It is highly insolent when a people, recently
[Mr. Westcott,] and of the Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,] might unjustly preju-
dice the object of the£.e petitioners. The Senator
from Florida insists upon it that the whole paper
is an imposition. Why, sir, it comes accredited
to the Senator from Missouri and myself by let-
ters from persons residing in New Mexico; and
we believe, from every evidence laid before us,
that it is a genuine petition of a great number of .
persons assembled at Santa Fe, to the Congress of ? _ _
the United States, for the purpose of obtaining j| subdued by our arms, to the accomplishment of
which the southern portion of the country contrib-
uted more than their foil share by a great deal,
come here and pray the American Congress to ex-
clude one-half the States of this Union, to which
prelection as a people. They are now without
law and protection, and they ask, they humbly t
ask, this Congressjto give them the protection of j
civil government. "As to the imposition which the t.
gentleman suspects, there is no shadow of reason Jj this very territory belongs as States, it does not
to suspect any such thing. The petition is signed jj belong to us as a Congress. It does not belong to
by a gentleman declaring himself to be the presi- \\ the North as the North, nor to the South as the
dent, and countersigned by a gentleman represent- j! South. It belongs to the thirty States of this
ing himself to be the secretary, of the convention; Union. And can there be a higher piece of inso-
and it is additionally accredited by some twelve or j! lence than to come here and present such a peti-
fifteen persons, who, I suppose, thought, by the !j tion? Sir, had I taken the ground which the im-
addition of their names, they would at least re- pulse of the moment dictated, I would have moved
move any discredit which might attach to the to lay this petition upon the table, as has been the
identity of the names of the president and secre- !• fate of all petitions of this kind.
tary of the convention which was assembled for ; Mr. BENTON. Sir, as the Senator from South
the purpose presented in the memorial. Now, I ' Carolina [Mr. Calhoun] reiterates in the most
deprecate any discussion which may be calculated 1 j forma! manner the insolence of this petition towards
to prejudice the object of these memorialists at the representatives of one-half the States of this
this moment. 1 deprecate any discussion extend- ; Union, and his opinion that it should not be re-
ing to the question whether slavery shall be ad- !! ceived, I ask, sir, that he may have the privilege
mitted into this Territory, or whether its boundary ji of recording his vote against it, if he will make the
shall stop at the Rio Grande. These matters may
be appropriately discussed when the committees
having ttyem in charge shall make their reports.
At present, sir, there is no question before the
Senate, and debate can only have the effect of pre-
judging the claims of the people of New Mexico
to have established for them the protection of civil
government.
I do think, sir, that the gentleman from South
Carolina, on reflection, will reconsider the charge
of insolence with respect to this petition; for, if the
paper be insolent, it must be disrespectful; and if
it be disrespectful toward any portion of the Sen-
ate, I admit t'-at it ought not to be received. But
it is not disrespectful. There is not a single word
of this character in it. These gentlemen say they
*re opposed to the introduction nf slavery there.
I care not whether they are abolitionists or not—
have they not the right to say that? Why, sir,
suppose a petition to be presented here by other
citizens of that Teiritory, pravmg that slavery
should be introduced there, would any gentleman
proper motion. I pause to give the Senator an
opportunity to make the motion.
Mr. CALHOUN, (m his seat.) I shall make
no motion, sir.
Mr. BENTON. Then, sir, I call for the yeas
and nays upon the question of printing and refer-
ence, that we may see, sir, how far it is the opin-
ion of the Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Cal-
houn] that this petition is insolent, and that myself
and the Senator fiom Delaware, [Mr. Clatton,}
the instruments of communicating it to the Amer-
ican Senate, are chargeable with that imputation.
I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. FOOTE. Before offering any remarks
upon this question, I will beg leave to propound
the inquiry to the honorable Senator from Dela-
ware—one that I presume will be answered—
whether or not there is any other testimony in his
possession, now adducihle, that this document did
emanate from any large number of the people of
New Mexico?
Mr. CLAYTON. I will eav, in answer to the
rise up and say such a petition was disrespectful .j question of the honorable Senator from Missis-
to half the country—to the great North, who main-    - •' - -
Sained throughout the sreat political campaign
which the country has just pass°d through, that
there should be no siavery in New Mexico or
California?
Mr. President, I rose to discharge my duty, by
simply stating my disposition to give to the peo-
ple of this country the protection of a form of civil
government. I desire to express no opinion (hat
can excite the prejudices of any person. I regret
that onservations should have fallen from any quar-
ter calculated to injure ihe great cause of a people
sippi, that I have received two or three letters from
individuals in the Territory of New Mexico, with
whom I have no acquaintance personally, and do
not know that I have ever seen them, requesting
me to assist in establishing a civil government for
that Territory. The arguments presented in those
letters, in explanation and support of the object of
the memorial, and the allusions made to the pro-
ceedings of the convention, satisfy me that there
can be no question or doubt as to the fact that they
arecitizens of thstTerritory. They have presented
their views at length in those letters with respect
who claim that the protection of civil government 11 to the design of the memorial,
should be extended over them. I hope, sir, that, i "* ' ——
without further opposition, the memorial will be !
printed. |
Mr. CALHOUN. Mr. President, I rise to say
one word in reply to the Senator from Delaware, '
[Mr. Clayton.] It is impossible to change m
opinion that this petition is disrespectful to the
Senate. The Senator [Mr. Clayton"] says that 1
the rule of the Senate is, that when the petition is 1
disrespectful to a Senator it should not be received. '
Granted. Wc'l, he says if it is disrespectful to ;
our constituents, the same rule applies: it is dis- ]
respectful to the Senate and ought not to be re- j
ceived. Well, sir, I took the same view as the !
Senator from Delaware now takes when abolition
petitions were first presented here. That was my !
ground. The Secretary (of the Senate) will very |
well remember that I called upon him to pull out :
three or four of those petitions and read them to |
the Senate. They were disrespectful to the South j
in the extreme, calling us thieves, arid everything j
else that was distasteful. I then appealed to the i
gentlemen on the other side of the Chamber that I
those petitions were disrespectful to our constitu- !
ents, and, therefore, disrespectful to the Seriate. I j
appealed to the gentlemen, but my appeal was in !
Mr. FOOTE. Then I understand the honor-
able Senators from Delaware and Missouri as ex-
plicitly declaring it as their decided opinion t<n;t
this is a genuine document, and that it did ema-
nate from a convention of the so-called people of
New Mexico. Of course I will not, 1 do not,
question in the slightest decree that the Senators
tru-ly entertain such an opinion; hut what I W:?-h
to know is, if there are in the honorable Senator'1;
possession any facts of an oiTioml or semi-official
character, or if any have been communicated to
any individual, which will tend to illustrate the
point upon which so much stress has been laid by
the Senator from Florida? I wish to know whether
the Senator from Delaware, or any other Senator
on this floor, is prepared to assert that this docu-
ment is one regulai iy emanating from a convention
composed of repiesentatives elected by the people
inhabiting the various portions of the Territory of
New Mexico?
Mr. CLAYTON. The memorial came to me
in the same manner as all other memorials come;
and I have no reason to doubt that the paper is
genuine, or that the convention alluded to assem-
bled at Santa Fe on the 14th of October.
Mr. FOOTE. I consider, from the explanation
/ given, that there is simply a difference of opinion
between the Senator from Delaware and myself
1 upon the question whether this document is in fact
a genuine document, originating in the right way,
i and entitled to consideration accordingly. I dfo
1 not think the evidence such as to sustain thejudg-
1 ment announced by the Senator from Delaware.
The word convention is of very hi^h and compre-
hensive import in this country. We are not lim-
ited to the mere grammatical sense of the word.
A convention is not the mere cowing together of
j ABC for any purpose whatsoever, or for no pur-
• pose, in its political sense it means a grave de-
liberative assembly, composed of delegates chosen
.J by ihe people in their primary capacity, according
; to some approved mode, and met to hold confer-
j ence and adopt,appropriatc action upon questions
| of high civic import. But to call that a convention-
!| which merely declares itself to be a convention,
:i without proof of public notice of any kind to the
; people represented, without proof of public meet-
| ings of any kind being held for the election of del-
egates, is going further than I, for one, am willing
: j to go. -
i Can any person, I will ask, who has simply
, witn essed thepresentation of this document, and
, heard the remarks with which its presentation was
accompanied, and without looking narrowly into
the fact?, come to any other conclusion than that
this convention spoken of was an actual one, such
as I have just described, and a body composed of
individuals duly authorized to perform high politi-
, cal functions? But what are the true facts m the
case: Upon a close examination of the affair, it
! turned out that there was nothing of substance in
' the proceeding, slat nominis umbra; indeed, there
is hardly the shadow of a shade to justify the sus-
picion that any convention was even held at all in
New Mexico. If such a body ever did sit, the
preparations for its session, and its actual course
of proceeding, were the most noiseless by far that
I ever heard of: no notification in public newspa-
, pers, or otherwise; no divulgence of its acts, no
promulgation of its deliberative resolves. All was
-! complete mystery and silence. Hud this conven-
tion been held in Erebus, its actings could not have
, been more mystically and portentously conducted.
I will not charge that the document in questioa
has been gotten up falsely, or for delusive pur-
• poses; r.or will I say that the Senators from Del-
aware and Missouri have been imposed upon,
although I rather suspect such to have been the
ease: and it has sometimes happened that the
wisest men are mere dupes of the contriving.
This memorial purports to have emanated from
the people cf JSew Mexico. Pray, who are under*
stood in New Mexico to be the people? Are they
white men, black men, Indians, Spaniards, En-
glishmen, or Americans? Does any one yet know
of the existence of such a collective political body
as the people of New Mexico: Surely there is
some want of clearness on this point. This ap-
pears to me to he a suspicious document on its
face, and I am inclined to conjecture that it has
\ been gotten up extemporaneously, for the purpose
; of forwarding the designs of faction, or imparting
artificial consequence to some scheming individual.
I did not rise to present unkind or position to the
wishes of the real people of New Mexico; and
when I become informed, m some satisfactory
m^de, what are their actual wishes in regard to the
goVeroment which it is our di'ty to organize for
them, I shall be found as willing as others to grat-
ify all their reasonable rnd constitutional desires.
Mr. WESTCOTT. The courtem. s manner in
which the Senator from Di-Lnw.i'e lias expressed
himseif m this del.iue, becoming ahke his high
chara^ti'i as a gentleman, his eievw.fd position as
a Serator, and the still'more elevated position
which public rumo.', or rather attain newspapers,
say he U ere long to take in the Government of this
country, induces me to make an explanation to
hirn as to a point which he seems to misunderstand
in relation to what I said about this petition. I
can readily suppose that Senator did not hear me
correctly, as he sits so far from me, though I
spoke audibly and distinctly. His misconception
has probably arisen from what others said.
\ I have not charged or intimated that this paper
was simulated or forged; that the signntuies were
' not genuine, or that theie may not be such verit-
able persons m Mexico having those names. What
j 1 said and stdl say was this: these eleven Mexi-
cans and three Americans (including Mr. Gid-
