36
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. IS,
dines) were not the people of Mexico. Now, if
that honorable Senator will inform roe that he has
any information that he relies on that a conven-
tion of the people of New Mexico—1 mean of all
parts of it, of 'ail sections of it—assembled upon
public notice, and that delegates were duly e'ected
to such convention, I shall be satisfied. I should
place implicit credit in that honorable Senator's
statement as to the result of the authentic inform-
ation he has; I do not desire particulars, exceptas
to one point, and of that 1 would now require of
the Senator, Werr the people of the remote counties,
or districts, or political subdivisions of J^ew Mexico
represented in this convention, an1 hois ? jj
Mr. CLAYTON. The honorable Senator and |i
all present have been put in possession of all the ,
fates that have come to my knowledge, They have ,
not the private letters received by me from several j
citizens of that country, but they nave been in- |
formed substantially of their contents. The letters ;
■which have been addressed to me are letters, sir, j
that went even into the discussion of the subjects .
contained in the memorial. I uo not know the [
individuals; I never saw one of them in my life, \
that I recollect. The petition comes to me, how- |
ever, as well authenticated as all other petitions J
are. I have as much evidence as to the genuine-
ness of this petition, and the facts stated that a
convention was assembled, and that the petition
represents the wishes of that convention, as 1 or-
dinarily have in presenting a petition here. Of
course I am liable to he imposed upon at any time.
A gentleman may send me a petition here from
Maine, Missouri, Oregon, or Florida, and I hold
myself, having no rcrsrn to doubt the genuineness
of the signatuies attached to the petition, bound
to present it here. I never, sir, should hesitate,
unless 1 had some icaeon to doubt the facts stated,
to present the memorial, Now, 1 know nothing
at all about the fact whether the people of New
Mexico was represented there. 1 take it foi granted
that there was a very laige convention there, and
that the peisons who have signed their mimes to
this petition believed that they were .entitled to call
themselves the people of New Mexico.
Mr. FGOTE. Did the newspapers publish any-
thin" concerning that convention ?
Mr. CLAYTON. Yes, sir, the newspapers pub-
lished tne whole proceedings weeks ago through-
out the country.
A Senator. I have never seen any'hing of it.
Mr. CLAYTON. They published the memo-
rial and all, long a o. Among other papers, it
was published in the National Intelligencer at the
time. Nobody ever doubted it. 1 heard, sir, that
this w.-is a proper memorial, got up by a conven-
tion of the people o!" New Mexico. Well, now,
sir, «lr>t is the proper course for the Senate to
take with th" memorial before it' Is the Senate
to esteem the fact as a humbug' Or is the Senate
to take this paper and refer it,"as they usually do,
and leave ihe committee, if there be any question
in relation to the genuineness of these signatures,
to investigate and iepe>-t, upon the m itter? It would
undoubtedly tie iliv duty of the committee to make
a report upon this subject. I do not belrjve that
any man can doubt the genuineness of this paper.
1 cannot conceive that all this is mere humbug,
when ( reflect upon the fact that I have letters ad-
dressed to me from persons who have recited what
was done at that convention, and have gone into
an argument to show that they were entitled to
what they ask.
Mr. WE3TCOTT. The Senator still misun-
derstands me. I do not deny that, to use the trite
phrase, "a very large and respectable meeting"
was hfld at Santa Fe in October last, and this pe-
tition is the lesult. Whether it was composed of
fourteen, or one hundred and forty, or fourteen
hundred, 1 care not. But was it a convention of
the people of New Mexico, authorized to speak
their wishes—authorized to petition for the people
of New Mexico here? I do not understand the
Senator to state there was a convention held. I
do not say these signatures are forged, but I con-
tend the statement there made, of there having
been a convention of the people of New Mexico
at Santa F<~, is an attempted imposition.
Mr. CLAYTON. The honorable Senator has
all the information that 1 have upon this subject.
"Whether it was a convention of all the people of
New Mexico, or of a great body of the people of
that country, he knows as well as I do. Even
were it but the oetition of one hundred or less of
the people of New Mexico, I hold, sir, that we ;
would be bouud to receive it respectfully, and refer j
"'Mr. HALE. Mr. President, as the subject has 1
excited some debate at this unusually early stage
of its progress, 1 do not know but the piesent is as j
good a time to meet the peculiar views of Senators I
upon this question as any time which may here-
after present itself. It is an unusual mode, it ;
! seems to me, to introduce this delicate^ subject at ,
! such a time. But, inasmuch as the petition which ,
; has been presented is itself termed insolent, I do
' not know but that 1 may expose myself to the ;
\ same charge by the motion that 1 am noout to !
I make, or the amendment which I am about to |
motion of the Senator from Mis-
propose to tin
have thought, perhaps, that Congress, in its pro-
gressive march, had got up to the step indicated
by that letter, if no change had been going on in
the public mind. They have taken it for granted
that there was no change, and they have actes
upon the Nicholson platform m petitioning for a
civil government. I trust, sir, that although the
result of the last Presidential election was disas-
trous to the man that built that platform, the prin-
ciples of it are not so entirely demolished but that
we may with some confidence appeal to those who
helped to build it, and who stood on H <ind fought
on it so manfully, to stand by its principles now,
when there is an opportunity to give them prac-
tical and efficient meaning.
Now, for the first time, the people of the Tern-
sour! It is, that the petition be committed to the ]. tory have come to ask for a civil government, and
Committee on the Territories, with instructions to ,i they have come in the very spirit of the N icholson
report a bfll agreeably to the' prayer of the peti- j, letter.. They ask us to give them the first dose of
tionors. 11a i
Anil now, sir, let me say one word in regard to
the character of this memorial. The objections
of the honorable Senator from Mississippi [Mr.
Foote] and of the honorable Senator from Florida
[Mr. Westcott] are, that this memorial does not
come authenticated as the proceedings of a regular
convention. The honorable Senator from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Foote] has intimated that this matter
of conventions had got to have a pretty definite
and settled meaning among us. He says that
when we speak of a convention we mean a dele- ^
gated body representing constituencies, due notice [|
of the same, having been given and regular prepar- i[
atory meetings 'nolden. 1 think, sir, if the honoi- ,j
able Senator will look back upon the history of j;
this country, winch enjoys n much higher slate of il
civilization, and a gicat (leal moie learning on I
this matter of com entions than the people of New j
Mexico, he wtil find that the sub;ect is not yet
thoroughly understood even in this country. If;
this matter is not sufficiently understood^ in this j
country, how could the new population in New !
Mexico, that have not been drilled m this matter j
of conventions, have understood it thoroughly?
Why, sir, there is the great Empire State of New j
York, that has had as much discipline, drilling, j
and experience upon this subject of conventions |
S3 amy other State in the Union, which, putting!
all Us wise heads togethei, could not, to save j
themselves, choose a delegate to throw one vote in 1
a regular convention. Sir, this is a matter not any i
better understood heie than in New Mexico. ,
Well, sir, some parts of the country have more
learning upon this subject. Ill South Carolina
they could choose a man in two or three minutes
j to throw nine votes; while they could not choose
ill New York thirty-six to cast one single vote.
| Taking into consideration these facts, we might
exercise, it seems to me, a little leniency towards
! the population of New Mexico. This is, undoubt-
; edly, the first time they have undertaken to hold a
1 convention. That may be the reason why it is
i not so formally set out. This may be the con-
! vention of the Free Soil party m New Mexico. It
' is possible it may be the convention of the Demo-
; cratic party. It is liotuttcrly impossible that it is
the Nicholson medicine." And shall we, sir, who
have been fighting so nobly for this gieat princi-
ple, during the gieat campaign which has just
closed—shall we now belie our own sentiments,
and turn our backs upon the petitioners, and kick
over the platform upon which we stood and fought
so manfully? No, sir, I trust not; and I trust
that all those who have believed that the Nichol-
son letter contained the true doctrine, who have
not had a change going on in their minds since,
will come up on this occasion and vote to give
this people what they would have expected to have
received'if the author of the Nicholson letter was
at the head of the Government.
I move, sir, that it be referied to the Committee
on Tenitories, with instructions to report a b;U
uiganizing a government agreeably to the prayer
of the petitioners.
Mr. FOOTE. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Hale] has entertained the Senate very
highly, though it seems to me that he has failed to
elucidate the question under consideration. The
definition which I have already assigned to the
woid "convention" is not disputed to be the true
one; nor is it properly a subject of dispute. From
the fare of the memorial before us, it would be
inferable that such a convention has actually as-
sembled in some part of New Mexico for mg.h
political purposes, composed of members regulaily
chosen by the people of that country at elections
which have proceeded in the usual manner, and in
| accordance with previous notice. Now, I repeat
■ that we have no evidence of such a conventional
| assembly having ever met in any such mode, nor
does it appear, upon the basis of documentary tes-
I timony, that a sing'e public meeting has ever been
! held in any part of New Mexico having in view
I the assemblage of such a body. We are called
I upon to presume everything in favor of this me-
j morial. The Senator from New Hampshire [Mr.
Hah,] has exhibited much of the recondite learn-
! in  appertaining to the subject of conventions, and
> is doubtless as well qualified to lecture us in a reg-
I ular way upon the proper mode of getting up and
! carrying on conventions as any other member of
i this body. Buthewill permitmetoremindhim that
there is one fact of recent occurrence with which
l.tdliv rtu ly .  - - - ... ^ ^
the convention of the Whig party, for a great part i he sustains a very particular connection, which
r. . , Ttri  l   sif t\.n oA.ivit.Mi I V ^ XT f All P it 1 H <T
' of the Whig party, in many parts of the country
are opposed to the extension of slavery, and in
favor of the restriction here sought to be imposed.
If this matter of origin of this petition is of so
much importance, it seems to me a select commit-
tee should be appointed for the puipose of inves-
tigatin"- the subject. We should have a commit-
tee oil conventions, so that, if the origin of the
thin" is of so much consequence, that point might
be investigated. This is a petition asking legislation
on a most serious subject—a subject, sir, upon
which, as the Senator from Mississippi [Mr.
Foote] has well said, " the public mind has been
greatly agitated," and will continue to be agitated
until it is definitely settled, sir—not compromised.
I do not bei'eve that compromise will answer in
this case. Sir, it must be settled,and settled upon
principle. It is to be met, and to be met here. I
hope', "sir, that those who believe that the people of
this Territory are entitled to a government will be
prepared to give a vote upon this subject, and to
give it now. Besides, sir, this petition puts us
upon the Democratic platform—the "Nicholson
letter." That letter declared that this matter
should be left to the people of the Territories.
Well, now, sir, the people have spoken. They
have probably read the "Nicholson letter." They
should admonish him very foicibly touching the
danger of relying too much upon high-sounding
conventional pretensions. He was, if I recollect
aright, an active participant in the movements that
led to the assemblage of the celebrated Buffalo Con-
vention; a body which got together under circum-
stances not a little imposing. It was described, at
the time of its occurrence, in some of the news-
papers, as the most multitudinous body of the kind
ever assembled. Many were led to conjecture,
from the vast number of the delegates convened,
that they could not possibly represent less than
nine-tenths of the votes of the whole Confederacy.
And yet, after all, the Free Soil party turned out
to be the feeblest faction that ever undertook to
bear arms in a Presidential contest; they were not
able to give the candidate of their choice a single
electoral vote.
Such may be the result in the instance under
consideration. This document sets itself forth as
the product of a grave deliberative assembly, rep-
resenting and entitled to represent the whole peo-
ple of New Mexico; and yetthereis evident reason
to doubt whether the small number of names sub-
scribed to the memorial do not equal the whole
number of persons who have been consulted in
regard to its contents. To urge, as the Senator
