1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
39
arms during the last session of Congress, the extra compen-
sation voted by resolution to the clerks, messengers, &c.,
Therefore, resolved, That the said Clerk of the House d«
pav to said John B. Fry the same amount of extra comptMi-
sauon as was allowed to each of the assistant clerks in the
Clerk's office.
Mr. HOUSTON" moved the previous question,
' which was seconded, and under the operation
thereof the resolution was disagreed to, by yeas
and nays—yeas 72, nays 75.
On motion of Mr. WENT WORTH, Senate
bill (No. 95) granting to the State of Illinois the
right of way and a donation of public lands, for
making a railroad connecting the lower Missis-
sippi with the chain of northern lakes, at Chicago,
was taken from the Speaker's tabic and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, of Maryland,
Resolved, That the papers of Elizabeth MeLean be with-
drawn from the files of this House, in order that the same
may be put upon file at the Pension Office.
On motion of Mr. GREGORY,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce inquire into
the expediency of establishing a light, to he placed at Ber-
gen Point, at the mouth of the Kill" Van Kull, and a lisht at
the mouth of the Passaic river, in aid of the commerce of
the Passaic a?iri Hackensack rivers, the Stateu Island sound, j!
and Newark bay.
On motion of Mr. POLLOCK, from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means;
i?cso£iW,That the Committee on Public Lands be instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency of repealing so much of
the existing laws relating to public lands as requires ail
patents issued from the General Land Office ro be signed by
the President of the United States, and also so much of said
laws as authorizes the President to appoint a secretary to I
sign said patents: also, to inquire into the expedieacy of j
amending said laws so as to require all patents for public i
lands to he signed by the Commissioner and countersigned |
by the Recorder of the General Land Office; or to be exe- [
cuted and issued in such manner as will be most eompat- 1
ible with the public interest, without the signature of the
President, and as will avoid unnecessary delay in the issu-
ing thereof.
Mr. WHITE moved that the bill to reduce the
rates of postage, and to correct the abuse of the
franking privilege, &c., be made the special order
of the day for Monday, December 19.
This motion giving rise to debate, was laid over.
On motion of Mr. GRINNELL,
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of providing for
the erection of a fort and other works for the defence of the
city of New Bedford, according to surveys made under the
direction of the Secreiary of War.
On motion of Mr. BELCHER,
Resolved, That the petition of Palmer Rraneh, for a pen-
sion, and the accompanying papers, he taken from the files
and referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. GOGGIN offered the following resolution:
Resolved, Tint Hou^e bill (No. 5T5) furthei to amend
the act, entitled "An act to reduce tbe rates of postage, to
limit the us-e. and correct the abuse of the franking privi-
lige, and for the prevention of frauds on the revenue:?," be
the special order of the day for the first Wednesday in
January and until disposed of.
Mr. GOGGIN moved the previous question;
which was seconded, and under the operation
thereof, the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. BARRINGER offered the following reso-
lution; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States cause
to he communicated to this House the amount of moneys
and property received, during the late wai with the Repub-
lic ot Mexico, at the different ports of entry, or in any other
way, within her limits, and in what manner the same has
been expended oi appropriated.
On motion of Mr. WALLACE,
Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-arms !>e directed to cause
the remains of the Hon. James A. Black, late a member of
tln> House, to be taken from the Congressional vault, where !
they now he, and have the same decently interred in the i
State of South Carolina, in such place as his family shall |
daect. j;
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, moved the following, to jj
be added to the Rules of the House: i|
"It shall not be in order to consider or act upon any order, | j
resolution, or motion, whereby it is proposed to create a ;i
charge upon the contingent fund of the House, or dispose of ij
any portion of the same, (cxcept in oases of printing,) until '
the same has been considered and reported upon by the
Cnmmitoe on Accounts; and all such propositions shall on
thtir introduction, be referred, by virtue of this rule, to said
committee; nor -hail tins rule be suspended, except by
unanimous consent
Mr. COBB moved the reference of the proposed
rule to the Committee on Rules. Agreed to.
Mr. CROZ1ER moved the following resolution;
which, giving rise to debate, was laid over:
Resolved, That Hou<e bill (No. 80) entitled "A bill to
promote the education of the indigent deaf and dumb," b
made the special order of the day for next Tuesday,
GOVERNMENT OF NEW TERRITORIES.
Mr. ROOT offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be instructed
to report to this House, with as little delay as practicable,
a bill or bills providing a territorial government for each of
the Territories of New Mexico and California, and excluding
slavery therefrom.
Mr. ROOT moved the previous question.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, moved to lay the res-
olution on the table.
Mr. GIDD1NGS moved there be a call^of the
House. Agreed to.
The Clerk then called the roll, &ndJI87 mem-
bers answered to their names.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved that further
proceeding in the call be dispensed with. Agreed
to.
The question was then put on laying the resolu-
tion on the table; and was decided by yeas and
nays in the negatived Yeas 80, nays 107.
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atkinson, Barringer, Rarrow,
Beale, Bocock, Botts, Boyd, Bojrion, William G. Brown,
Charles Brown, A.G. Brown, Buekner, Burt, Chase, Clapp^
Clingman, Howell Cobb, W. R. W. Cobb, Cocke, Cranston,
Crozier, Daniel, DonnelijG. Duncan, Alex. Evans, Ficklin,
Flournoy, French, Fulton, Gaines, Goggin, Green, VVil ard
P. Hall, Haralson, Harmanson, Harris, Hill, Hilliard, Isaac
E. Holmes, Inge, C.J. Ingersoil, Iverson, Andrew Johnson,
R. W. Johnson, George W. Jones, John W. Jones, Kauf-
man, Kennon, La S6re, LefHrr. Ligon, Lumpkin, MeCler-
nand, McDowell, MtKaj, McLan^, Meade, Miller, More-
head, Morse, Outlaw, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Preston,
Rhett, Richardson. Sawyer, Shqtperd, Stanton, Thibodeaux,
Thomas, Jacob Thompson, John B. Thompson, Tompkins,
Van Dyke, Venable, Wallace, and Woodward—80.
NAY'S—Messrs. Abbott, Ashniun, Belcher, Blackmar,
Bianchard, Brady, Butler, Canby, Catheart, F. Clark. Colla-
mer,Conger,Crowell, Cummins, Darling, Dickey, Dickinson,
Dixon, Duer, Daniel Duncan, Dunn, Eckert, Edwards, Km-
bree, Nathan Evans, Faran, Fisher, Freedley, Fries, Gid
dings, Gott, Greeley, Gregory, Grinnell, Hale, N. K. Hall,
Hammons, J.G. Hampton, Henley, Henry, Ehas B. Holmes,
Hubbard, Hudson, Hunt, Irvin, Jenkins, James H. Johnson,
Kellogg, D. P. King, Labm, Win. T. Lawrence, Sidney
Lawrence, Levin, Lincoln, Lord, Lynde, Muelay, McClel-
land, Mellvaine, Job Mann, Marsh, Marvin, Morris, Mulim,
Murphy, Nelson, Nicoll, Palfrey, Peaslee, Peck, Petrip,
Pollock, Putnam, Reynolds, Richey, Robinson, liockhill,
Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Root, Rumsey, St.
John, Sherrill, Silvester, Slingerland, Smart, C. B. Smith,
Robert Smith, Truman Smith, Starkweather, C. E. Stuart,
Strohm, Strong, Tallmadge, Taylor, James Thompson, R.
W. Thompson, Wiiham Thompson, Thurston, Tuck, Vin-
ton, Warren, Wentwortli, White, Wiley, Wilmot, and Wil-
son—107.
The question then recurring on seconding the
demand for the previous question—
Mr. VINTON rose, and wished to know wheth-
er this was a resolution instructing the committee
to inquire into the expediency of reporting the
bill, or directing the committee to report?
The SPEAKER. It directs the committee to
report forthwith.
Mr. VINTON. Then I hope the previous ques-
tion will not be sustained.
The question was taken by tellers, and decided
ni the affirmative—ayes 76, noes 52.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. VINTON rose, and proposed to amend the
resolution.
The SPEAKER. No amendment is in order
after the previous question has been seconded.
The main question was ordered.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, called for a division
of the resolution, so as to vote first on the simple
motion to refer.
The SPEAKER decided that the resolution did
not admit of a division.
The question being on the adoption of the reso-
lution, the yeas and nays were asked by many
members, and were ordered.
Mr. GOGGIN moved that the House adjourn,
but subsequently withdrew the motion.
The question on the resolution was taken, and
decided in the affirmative—yeas 106, nays 80—as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Ashmun, Belcher, Bingham.
Blackinar, Bianchard, Brady, Butler, Canby, Catheart^
Clapp, Collamer, Conger, Crowell, Cummins, Darling,
Dickey, Dickinson, Dixoti, Duer, Daniel Duncan, Dunn,
Eckert, Edwards, Embree, Nathan Evans, Faran, Farrally,
Fisher, "Freedley, Fries, Gidding", Gott, Greeley, Gregory,
Grinnell, Hale, Nathan K. Hall, Hammons, James H. Hamp-
ton, Henley, Henry, Hubbard, Hudson, Hunt, Irvin, Jen-
kins, James-H. Johnson, Kellogg, Daniel P. King, Lahm,
William T. Lawrence, Sidney Lawrence, Levin," Lincoln,
Lord, Lynde, Marlay, McClelland, Mellvaine, Job Mann,
Marsh, Marvin, Morris, Mulliu, Nelson, Nicoll, Palfrey,
Peaslee, Peck, Petrie, Pollock, Putnam, Reynold?>, Richey,
Robinson, Roekhill, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell.
Root, Rumsey, St. John, Sherull, Silvester, Slingerland,
Smart, Caleb B. Smith, Robert Smith, Tiumari Smith,
Starkweather, Charles E. Stuart, Strohm, Strong, Tall-
madge. Taylor, James Thompson, Richard VV. Thompson,
Wm, Thompson, Thurston, Tuck, Vinton, Warren, Wcnt-
worlh, White, Wick, Wiley, Wilmot, Wilson—106.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atkinson, Barringer, Barrow,
Bajly, Beale, Bocock, Botts, Boyd, Boydon, William G.
Brown, Charles Brown, Albert G. Brown, Buekner, Burt,
Chase, Chngman, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb,
Cocke, Cranston, Crozier, Daniel, Dounell, Garnett Dun-
can, Alexander Evans, Flournoy, French, Fukon, Gaines,
Gentry, Gogirin, Green, Willard P. Hall, HaraJson, Har-
manson, Harris, Hill, Hillinrd, Isaac E. Holmes, Inge, a
J. Ingersoll, Iverson, Andrew Johnson, Robert W. John-
son, George W. Jones, John W. Jones. Kaufman, Kennon,
La S£re, Leffler, Lyjon, Lumpkin, '.McDowell, McKay,
McLane, Meade, Miller, Morehead, Morse, Murphy, Out-
law, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Preston, Rhett, Richard-
son, Sawyer, Shepperd, Stanton, Thibodeaux, Thomas,
Jacob Thompson, John B. Thompson, Robert A. Thompson,
Tompkms, Venable, Wallace, and Woodward—80.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. ROBINSON obtained the floor, and moved
a reconsideration of the vote, stating that he wished
to make some remarks on the question, but pre-
ferred not to go on this evening.
On his motion, the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 14, 1848.
Mr. Webster appeared in his place.
On motion,
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns, it adjourn to
meet on Monday.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the chief of the Engineer
Department, transmitting a memorial frora Isaac
S. Keith Reeves, of the United States army, ask-
ing that his allowances as adjutant of the Military
Academy may be placed on the same footing with,
those of an adjutant of a regiment of dragoons.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Treasury Department,
accompanying the annual report of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, and papers;
which was ordered to be printed.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Lcfuisiana, presented the
petition of Ward Marston, late a captain in the
marine corps, praying that he may be restored to
the rank in the corps from which he was dropped
at the termination of the war with Mexico; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. J. also presented the petition of L. Mcln-
tire, register and receiver of land offices in Louisi-
ana, praying an increase of compensation for ser-
vices rendered in the land offices; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of reporting a bill providing
for the confirmation of the claim of Benjamin T. Bosworth
for bounty lands.
Mr. DIX presented the petition of James Fry
and others, employed in the (Quartermaster's De-
partment, praying that the bounty lands, and three
months' extra pay,granted to persons engaged in
the war with Mexico, may be extended to them;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. FELCH presented the petition of citizens
of Michigan, asking an appropriation for the'sur-
vey and improvement of the harbor at the mouth
of the Ontanagon river, on Lake Superior; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. FELCH presented the petition of certain
citizens of Michigan, praying for an extension of
the general preemption law to the mineral lands on
Lake Superior; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. HALE asked and obtained leave to with-
draw from the files of the Senate the petition and
papers of Pearce and Cogswell.
On motion of Mr. DICKINSON, the petition
and papers of Amasa Dana and others, were
taken from the files of the Senate, and referred.
Mr. DIX presented the petition of Daniel Webb,
praying to be allowed the arrears of pension due
to him; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. HUNTER presented the petition of "A. G
Grinnan and other heirs of Andrew Glassel, de
ceased, praying for indemnity for French spolia-
tions prior to 1800; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
On motion of Mr. STURGEON, the petitions
and papers in the cases of William Parkeson and
Benjamin Miller were withdrawn fiom the files of
the Senate, and referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
On motion of Mr. WESTCOTT, the petition
