1848;
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41
has acquired something like a historical reputation.
In early life he was thoroughly schooled in the
doctrines of the Republican party, and throughout
his political career he adhered to them with con-
sistency and firmness.
Mr. Sims possessed in a very high degree what
is implied in the term address. He was a pleasing
speaker, a man uf frank and conciliating manners,
and of kind and tolerant disposition.
The triumph of his late success, and his sudden
death, were brought in instructive proximity with
each other,-and are mournful commentaries on the'
mutability of human life, and the nothingness of
human ambition.
If he had faults, Mr. President, (and who of us
is without them ?—" the heart knoweth its own
bitterness,") let them sleep with him in the grave,
the common lot and the rebuking leveler of man-
kind.
Mr. President, I offer the following resolutions:
Resolved, unanimously, That the Senate has heard with
deep sensibility of the sudden death of the Hon. Alexander !
d. Sims, a Representative from the Stateof'South Carolina.
Rewired, unanimously, That the members of the Senate,
from a sincere desire (if showing every mark of respect to
the memory of the deceased, will wear the usual badge of
mourning for thirty days.
Resolved, unanimously, That, as a further mark of respect
for the memory of the deceased, the Senate do now adjourn.
Agreed to, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 14, 1848.
Samuel A. Bridges, from the State of Pennsyl-
vania, appeared this day and took his seat.
On motion of Mr. BOTTS,
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he
is nereby, required to furnish this House with a statement
of the amount of coal imported under the tariff of 1846, and
the amount of revenue derived from the same; aiso, the
amount of coal imported annually under the act of 1842,
and the amount of revenue derived from the same.
, OBITUARY.
Mr. WALLACE rose and said:
: Mr. Speaker : I rise, sir, to call the attention of
this honorable body to an afflictive dispensation
of Divine Providence, which has deprived this
• House of one of its most useful members, and the
State of South Carolina of a much valued and
honored citizen.
On the 16th day of November last, in the forty-
sixth year of his age, my colleague, the honorable
Alexander Dromgoole Sims, breathed his last,
in the village of Kingstree, Williamsburg district,
in the State of South Carolina. He died, sur-
rounded by devoted friends, in the midst of the
people he so ably and faithfully represented on
this floor.
The approach of death, even when his fatal
dart is pointed at the aged and infirm, to the
reflecting mind, is always terrible; but it is calcu-
lated to impress our minds with feelings of far
more than ordinary solemnity, when the blow
falls upon the young, or when a brother, in all
the pride of his strength, in the full vigor of health
and manhood, full of hope and of promise, is
stricken down before our eyes, and his connection
with the things of this world forever dissolved.
A few days only has passed since my honorable
colleague filled that seat (pointing to Mr. Sims's
seat on the floor of the House) with distinguished
honor to himself and his country. He was in the
prime of life, in the full enjoyment of health, and
apparently with a long and honorable career of
usefulness and distinction in the path of life before
him. But when most unlooked for by himself
or his friends, " the silver cord was loosed, the
pitcher broken at the fountain," and he now
caltnly sleeps, undisturbed and unshaken by the
rude blasts of the storms of life, " in the narrow
house appointed for all living."
This awful dispensation of Divine Providence is j
of consequence not only to the dead, to the immor- -
tal destiny of our departed friend, but is full of
instruction and admonition to the living also. It
most forcibly reminds us of the frail and uncertain
tenure of human life, the vanity and nothingness
of all human ambition and human pursuits, and
that, of a truth, "in the midst of life we are in
death."
Mr. Sims was a native of Virginia, and was born
in Brunswick county, in that State, in the year
1803. At the age of twenty-three, he graduated at
Union College, in the State of New York. After
the close of his collegiate course, he read law with
his friend «nd relative General Dromgoole, at one
time a distinguished member of this honorable
body from the State of Virginia.
In 1826, he removed to Darlington district, in
the State of South Carolina; and in 1829, was ad-
mitted to the practice of law in the courts of that
State, where iie soon rose to eminence in his pro-
fession, in the practice of which he continued until
the year 1840, when he was returned a member of
the General Assembly for Darlington, in which
service he continued until elected to Congress, in
1844. And his constituency, amohg the most
intelligent in the State, have pronounced their
approval of his course as a member of this honor-
able body, by reelecting him twice to the same
responsible position, his last election having trans-
pired but a few days before his death.
Mr. Sims was a statesman of the State-righls
school, and his public life—at all times distin-
guished by much ability, the strictest integrity,
and a conscientious discharge of every duty—was
in strict conformity to the doctrines of the true
republican faith.
Of our departed friend it may be truly said, he
was a faithful friend and a true patriot—the honest
man and the worthy citizen. But it has pleased
an allwise Providence to remove him hence; and
while we bow with humble resignation to the will
of Him who holds the destinies of nations as well
as individuals in his hand, we, at the same time,
cannot but feel that the loss of a citizen of such
distinguished public worth and ability is indeed a
public calamity.
In order, Mr. Speaker, that suitable and appro-
priate honors may be paid to the memory of the
distinguished dead, 1 move, sir, the following
resolutions:
Resolved unanimously, That this House, from a sincere
desire of showing every mark of respect due to the memory
of the Hon. Aiv i \ n-.:k D. Sims, deceased, late a member
of this body, will go into mourning by wearing crape on the
left arm for thirty days.
Resolved unanimously, That, as a further mark of respect
to the memory of the Hon. Alexander D. Sims, this House
do now adjourn.
And the House adjourned until to-morrow at
twelve o'clock.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES, ,
Friday, December 15, 1848. !
The Journal of yesterday was read andapproved. ;
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the ■
Whole for the purpose of preceding to the con- :
sideration of bills on the private calendar. !
The motion having been agreed to, the House
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole (Mr. :
Cobb, of Georgia, in the chair,) and proceeded to 1
the consideration of the private calendar. I
The bill first in order was the bill for the relief \
of Lyon & Howard.
At the suggestion of Mr. ROCKWELL, of
Connecticut, it was informally laid aside for the :
present, in consequence of the absence of two ;
members who felt deeply interested in it. j
The bill next in order was the bill for the relief !
of Jeremiah Moors.
The bill having been read—
Mr. STARKWEATHER called for the reading
of the report made in February last, by Mr. Crow-
ell, from the Committee on Claims; which was ;
read. ' j
It appears from the report, that Henry T. Blake 1
contracted with Adam D. Stewart, an agent of the ;
United States, on the 30th-of August, 1831, to
build a light-house and dwelling-house on the
Outer Bay, Thunder Island, in Lake Huron. On
the same day on which this contract bears date,
Mr. Blake assigned it to the memorialist, Jere- .
miah Moors, or rather constituted him his agent to
perform the work, fulfill the contract, and receive
the pay. The memorialist was accepted as the
substitute of Mr. Blake, to perform the contract,
by the Government agent. !
The site for the light-house was selected by the ;
Government agent, and it was erected on this site j
by the memorialist, in conformity to the stipula- '
tions of the. contract, and, as it appears, to the
entire satisfaction of the superintendent.
There is no evidence to impeach the integrity of
the Government agfnt in selecting the site; but,
on the contrary, the committee say it appears plain
that he acted tn good faith, and that it was owing ||
to his entire ignorance of the island, andthe irre-
sistible storms that beat upon it, that an improper
site was selected. The work was commenced and
prosecuted with great skill and energy, until the
whole structure was completed, except a small
amount of labor to be performed upon the lan-
tern.
It appeared from the testimony that two storms,
before the last which caused the tower to fall,
visited the island during the progress of the work;
and on both occasions some damage was done to
it, which, under the direction of the superintendent,
was promptly repaired by the memorialist, and the
work continued. The proof left no room for doubt
that the falling of the tower, after the masonry
was completed, must be wholly attributed, not to
any defect in the materials, or unskillfulness in the
workmanship, for both were unexceptionable, and
in strict conformity to the contract—but to the
severity of the storms, and the injudicious and
exposed location of the building. No light-house,
constructed of the materials and in the manner
provided in the contract, could be made to stand
on the site selected by the Government agent.
The testimony on this point is conclusive. It was
elevated only about two feet above the surface of
the lake, and within a few feet of the vt ater; and the
structure was exposed to the winds that swept over
the broad surface of the lake, and the resistless vio-
lence of the waves. In proof that the place selected
was an unwise and impracticable one, (besides that
afforded by the opinions of the witnesses,) the
committee quote the fact, that the Government
ap-ent made a different location for the new light-
house built since the first one fell down. The sec-
ond light-house, which was also built by the me-
moriafist, and of the same materials, but on a
different site, and further from the shore, has
stood firm to the present time. The fall of the
1;orht-housc, the committee i3 forced to conclude,
was owing wholly to its location; and not to any
fault of the memorialist. He seeks payment for
the masonry and mortar used in the erection of
the first light-house. The committee conclude
that he is entitled to compensation therefor.
The bill which they reported in accordance with
this state of facts, authorizes the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay the memorialist " a just compen-
sation."
Mr. STARKWEATHER now called for the
reading of an adverse report which had been made
at the first session of the twenty-third Congress;
and it was read accordingly.
Mr. S. then very briefly opposed the passage of
the bill. He called the attention of the committee
to the fact, that four adverse reports had hereto-
fore been made against this claim, one of which
was that which had just been read. He recapitu-
lated the amounts which had been paid to the me-
morialist under his contract, and proceeded to
show that the amount received by the memorialist
had been greater than that to which he was, under
the original contract, entitled to receive. The ob-
ject of°the memorial, Mr.'S. contended, was to
'induce Congress to guaranty the parly against
work improperly executed. There were four re-
ports adverse to the claim to one in its favor, and
he hoped the bill would not pass.
Mr. DANIEL moved that the bill be laid aside
to be reported to the House, with a recommenda-
tion that it do not pass.
And the question being on this motion—
Mr. McCLELLAND said, that he thought the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Starkweather]
was mistaken in the view he had taken of this
case. If the gentleman would refer to a report
made at the last session of Congiess, he would
find that this claim had been presented at the
Treasury Department immediately after the disas-
ter to the work had occurred; and that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury expressly refused to make
compensation either on account of the light-house
or the dwelling-house. A light-house and a dwell-
ing-house were to be constructed. For the dwell-
ing-house the memorialist had beenpaid, but never
one farthing for the material of the light-house, or
for labor. And if the gentleman from New York
would refer to the decision of the then Secietary
of the Treasury, Louis McLane,he would see that
the Secretary had declared that he had no authority
to pay for the light-house, but that the petitioner
could obtain relief only through the interposition
of Congress. That was the principal fact devel-
oped in the report—that on account of the appro-
