42
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 15,
priatiorr being a specific appropriation, for a par- j|
ticular purpose, it was out of his power to divert ij
the money from its original purpose to pay Moors
for this disaster, which had arisen not from his j
negligence or incapacity, hut in consequence of the |
want of skill and knowledge on the part of the j
agent of the Government who located the light- !
house. He (Mr. McC.) wished to state the facts
simply and plainly, that gentlemen might be able 1
to make up their minds understandingly as to the ;
propriety of passing or rejecting this bill. .
- The light-house, as he had stated, was located i
by the agent of the Government in a particular I
spot. He was told, that if it was located there, j
the building would not stand. He determined,
however, that that should be the spot, and the
contractor was compelled to build it there. When
it was nearly completed, the lantern only remain-
ing to be fixed, several storms destroyed the light-
house. The superintendent then came forward,
and, in an equivocal manner, (for he had not made
the allegation directly,) intimated that the light-
house had not been constructed according to con-
tract. It appeared, however, from the testimony
of twelve or fifteen of the most respectable citizens
of Michigan, "whose respectability was vouched
for by Messrs. Cass, Woodbridge, and Porter, j
that the Government agent had told them that the
contractor did the work well; that he had dis-
charged all his duties as faithfuily as they could
have been discharged; and that he was not in any
manner to blame by reason of the failing of the
light-house.
These were the circumstances under which the
memorialist came before this body. If any one
would read the report and the affidavits laid before
the Secretary of the Treasury at the time the dis-
aster occurred—if he would read the decision of
the Secretary himself—he could not come to any
other conclusion than that the Secretary thought
th"it the memorialist was entitled to compensation,
but that it was not in his power to grant it. The
affidavits then and subsequently filed established
the fact beyond all controversy, that if ever any
man was entitled to relief at the hands of Con-
gress, the memorialist was that man. He was one
of the best men in the State of Michigan, and
there was no one whose statement he (Mr. McC.)
would sooner believe. lie would believe anything
he said; but he could not, in the present instance,
place confidence in the statements of the Govern-
ment agent, because respectable gentlemen came
forward and declared that he now made statements
explicitly contrary to those which he made in his
letter to the Secretary of the Treasury. That let-
ter was not disclosed until ten years after it was
written, so that the memorialist had been kept m
ignorance of it, and had never taken any steps to
counteract its effects. The memorialist asked noth-
ing but compensation for labor and materials. To
that compensation he was entitled. The proof in
the case was conclusive. The causc of the disas-
ter lay m the action of the Government agent. If
the Government appointed incompetent agents, cit-
izens who entered into contracts with them ought
not to be injured by their errors or their incompe-
tency.
jVJr. DANIEL spoke in favor of the motion he
had submitted, and argued strongly against, the
passage of the bill. He contended that the light-
house had not been built in strict conformity with
the contract. If it had been so, no man piobably
could have said whether this difficulty would or
would not have arisen. One of the provisions of
the contract—material, in his judgment—had been,
that the walls of the light-house, on the, water side
of the rock upon which the building was to be
erected, were to be pointed with Roman cement,
and whitewashed. This material was much more
tenacious, and likely to make the work more dura-
ble, than lime-mortar. Instead of complying with
his contract in this respect, the memorialist had
used nothing but the common mortar. In this par-
ticular Mr. D. thought lie had been in default, and
no man could say but that the falling down of the
light-house was a consequence of this default. In
other respects, it appeared that the work had been
well done; but still, no man could say, that if the
species of cement provided by the contract had
been used, the disaster would have occurred. He
begged the committee to note that fact, and then
to turn their attention to some other facts in the
case, from which, it seemed to him, gentlemen
would see the propriety of the adverse report
which had been made by Mr. Whittlesey, and j
which had been followed up by similarly adverse ,
action on the part of all subsequent committees j
that had investigated the matter until the last ses- 1
sion of Congress. If there was any other report, j
except that made at the last session, which was [
not adverse, he (Mr. D.) had yet to learn the fact, j
The case had undergone four several investiga- i
tions previous to that, and each of these investiga- j
tions had brought the committees to the conclu- !
sion that the report of Mr. "Whittlesey was correct, !
and that the petitioner was entitled to no aid at the i
hands of Congress. _ ^ j
Mr. D. then proceeded to examine the provis- ,
ions of the contract, and into the nature and ex- j
tent of the work to be executed under them, and :
i:s results. The Treasury Department, he argued,
knew that it had no authority to make compensa- '
tion; but from what had taken place, the conclu- !
sion could not be resisted, that there was a disposi- ^
tion, on the part of that department, and of those ;
who were authorized to appraise the work, to |
make the memorialist such compensation as would
cover all damages. He referred to the terms of a
second contract which Mr. Moors had entered j
into for the construction of a light-house of the >
same dimensions as that which had fallen down, ;
i and contended that, by the liberality of the apprais- i
j ers, the memorialist had received ample compensa- I
J tion for all that he had done. He believed that, I
. in equity, justice, or law, the memorialist had no j
j claim upon this Government. j
| Mr. CROWELL (who reported the bill from
! the direction of the Committee on Claims) briefly
> stated and enforced the grounds upon which the
' claim was based. He said it was a claim merely
■ for the labor and mortar expended in the erection
: of the first tower. The work was done under
I contract with the Government. The site for the
; structure was, by the terms of the contract, to be
I selected by a Government agent—the col'ector,
: perhaps, of Mackinaw. This site was selected
about eight feet from the water's edge, upon a rock
; about two feet above the surface of Lake Huron,
j on Thunder Bay Island. Here the contractor was
directed to build a light-house. He proceeded
with the work. Mr. C. gave an account of the
progress of the work, its being retarded by two
successive storms, and of its finally being swept
j away by a third when it was entirely completed,
! with the exception of setting a few lights of glass
I in the lantern. He stated that by the terms of the
! contract, the claimant having been obliged to build
! this structure upon a site selected by the Govern-
; ment agent, and having done so, and completed
, the structure within perhaps a day's work, the
accounting officers had demurred to making him
, compensation, because the contract had not been
complied with to the letter, in the full completion
of the work, and had made him no allowance.
He stated also that the site lmd been selected by
the Government agent after the contract was en-
tered into; and although it became quite apparent,
before the structure was completed, that the site
was an impracticable one, yet the agent insisted
: upon a fulfillment of the contract on the part of the
memorialist, and obliged him to go on and com-
i plete the structure on the site which had been
| selected.
j The contractor now claimed compensation for
[[ these reasons: that the light-house was built upon
! a site where no light-house coulcPbe made to stand;
;• theie was ample, conclusive evidence of skillful,
; scientific, practical men, embodied in the report of
j the Committee on Ciaims at the last session, that
j no structure could be made to stand on the site
j| selected. The second light-house which was au-
thorized to be built was located on a different point
!1 on the island, thirty rods from the edge of the
: lake. It was built by this same man, and had
there stood from that day to this—thus illustrating,
!: by the conduct of the agent himself in making the
II change, as well as by the continuance of the work
j, to this time, that the first location was an improper
(land impiacticable one. Now, in consequence of
j; the ignorance of the Government agent, this site
\> having been selected, he held that the amount of
loss resulting to the contractor, both in labor and
I mortar used in the erection of the first light-
| house, was aplain, legal, and equitable claim upon
< the Government. This question as to the value
| of the labor and mortar was by the bill referred to
j the accounting officers of the treasury, to be here-
1 after ascertained.
He noticed the objection brought to the claim,
that adverse reports had been made upon it, espe-
cially by Mr. Whittlesey, some fourteen years
since; and in reply, said that but little evidence had
at that time been obtained; and while the present
Committee of Claims might be very willing to con-
cur with Mr. Whittlesey upon the evidence at that
time before him, they considered that the import-
ant additional testimony obtained since that time
changed the state of the case, and clearly sustained
the claim.
In reply to Mr. Daniel's statement, that the
present was the only favorable report upon this
claim which had been made in the House, he said
' the gentleman was mistaken; and that out of five
! reports, two of them, made since the testimony
, was collected,sustained,and three made previously
i opposed the claim—one of the three having been
' made by the honorable gentleman himself, [Mr.
: Daniel,] who now opposed the claim.
| The amount which would be allowed to the me-
j morialifH was comparatively trifling; still, in his
j! judgment, and in the judgment of the committee,
jj who had directed him to make the report, the me*
ij moriahst was fully entitled to it. The whole amount
ll would not perhaps exceed ^100, or, at any rate,
|l $150.
.! In reference to the allegation that the terms of
ij the contract had not been complied with, he said
I1 that the Government agent, the superintendent of
'' the work, had made no complaint that the con-
!! tract was not fulfilled to the letter. There was no
I1 pretence that there had been any want of skill,
faithfulness, or integrity on the part of the memo-
rialist in the completion of the work; on the con-
trary, the Government agents had themselves cer-
tified that the materials and workmanship were of
the first order, and had said nothing about theomis-
i sion to use cement, upon which so much stress
11 was laid by the gentleman from North Carolina,
ij -Jle believed ,and the Committee on Claims believed,
thattheclaim was just and legal, and that, could the
i case be brought into court, before any jury of the
j, country, a verdict might be obtained for the amount
!| claimed. He therefore hoped that the motion of
: the gentleman from North Carolina might be re-
i jected, and the bill be laid aside to be reported to
■ | the House.
j: Mr. DANIEL inquired of the Chairif an amend-
ment was now in order, while the motion to lay
I aside the bill to be reported with a recommenda-
! tion that it do not pass, was pending?
:1 The CHAIR replied, that an amendment would
not be in order at this time.
Mr. GREEN appealed to Mr. Daxiel to with-
draw his [(receding motion, to enable him to move
an amendment to limit the amount to be paid under
: this bill to ^150.
1 Mr. DANIEL preferred to adhere to his motion,
as he thought that the claimant, having received
more than the contract stipulated, was already
l! amply paid. If, however, the motion to report,
|i with an adverse recommendation, should be re-
jected, he had himself thought of proposing an
1 amendment similar to that of the gentleman from
Missouri.
Mr. McCLELLAND (under the impression that
the amendment had been offered) expressed the
hope that the proposed limitation would not be
adopted. He did not know the amount of the
claim, but thought the accounting officers should
be left at liberty to report the amount they should
find justly due, without being restricted to a cer-
, i tain sum.
The CHAIR here interposed, and informed the
' | gentleman that the amendment had not heen offered.
I The question was taken on the motion to report
the bill with a recommendation that it do not pass;
1 and was negatived.
! Mr. GREEN offered the amendment which he
had indicated, providing that no more than $150
' should be paid under this bill, and that the amount
i paid should be in full satisfaction of the claim.
He briefly stated that he had based his proviso of
; limitation on the assurance of Mr. Crowell, that
the amount of the claim would not be more than
,1 the amount to which he proposed to restrict it, viz:
i; Mr. CROWELL explained that he did not pre-
tend to speak of the precise amount due upon the
; claim; but that it was small, and the bill referred
y to the proper accounting officers of the treasury
jj to ascertain it.
h Mr. GREEN repeated that his proposition wa
