1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
43
intended to meet the impression made by the gen-
tleman's remarks, that the claim would not exceed
$150, and urged that the claim being pressed upon
Congress, on the ground that it was small, the
amount should not be left indefinite; but, if passed,
that the accounting: officers should at least be re-
stricted to the amount which was claimed by the
advocates of the bill.
Mr. LAHM opposed the amendment, on the
ground of its evident impropriety, holding-that,
the claim being for labor bestowed on the struc-
ture and for mortar used, if the memorialist was
entitled to anything, it was to the full value of
both; and urging that a casual estimate by his col-
league that the amount would not exceed one hun-
dred and fifty dollars, should not prejudice the
claim, but that it should be allowed to stand on
Us own merits, and whatever amount was ascer-
tained to be due should be paid. He had listened
to the arguments on both sides, and, although his
feelings had been the other way, he had come to
the conclusion that the claimant was entitled to
compensation. "Why? Because he had constructed
the light-house in accordance with the terms made
by the Government agent, upon the site selected
by the Government agent, where the agent was
told at the time that the buildings would not
probably stand. The structure having thus been
erected, the contract having been complied with
to the satisfaction of the Government agent, and
the work being overthrown by a storm, it was
clearly the fault of the agent, and not of the con-
tractor, and the contractor should be compensated
for the amount of his labor and mortar used.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Green, and decided in the negative.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MEADE said that he had heard both sides
of the argument on this bill, but had not been able
to make up an opinion either on the one side or
the other. He found himself in the game predica-
ment in respect to this bill, as that in which he
had found himself as to all other private bills—
that unless he took up the papers, and examined
them himself, it was impossible to arrive at any
tust or satisfactory conclusion upon the merits of
jhe case. He supposed the same difficulty existed
with nine-tenths of the members of the House.
On referring to the calendar, it would be seen
that there were six hundred and fifty-one cases
now awaiting decision; and if the same time was
to be spent upon them which had been consumed
on this, gentlemen would readily perceive that it
would require two sessions, or rather two Con-
gresses, to get through with the calendar. In or-
der to do justice, not only to the public, but to
these private claimants who come before Congress,
he thought that the bill which had heretofoie been
reported, to provide for the appointment of a board
of commissioners to settle these claims, should be
taken up and acted upon. He therefore moved
that the committee now rise; giving notice, that
if that motion prevailed, he should move that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, for the purpose of con-
sidering that bill.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, proceeded
to say, that he concurred entirely in the remarks
which had been made by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Meade,] 
The CHAIRMAN here interposed with the
remark, that no debate was in order. The motion
was, that the committee rise.
Mr. MEADE (to enable Mr. Rockwell to pro-
ceed) withdrew for the moment his motion that
the committee rise.
Mr. ROCK\VELL said, he was fully sensible
of the evil which resulted from the system at
present adopted in respect to private claimants.
So strongly, indeed, had he felt the existence of
that evil, that he had, at the last session of Con-
gress, introduced a bill of the character alluded to
by the gentleman from Virginia. But it would
be recollected, that two or three days ago the
House had made that bill the special order of
the day for the first Tuesday in January. He
hoped, therefore, that the gentleman would not
press his motion that the committee rise, because
H would require unanimous consent to go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
on tkat bill^ and, under such circumstances, nothing
would be gained by moving that the committee
rise. The true way, he thought, would be, to go
on with the calendar as far as they could make
any progress with it, and then to correct the evils
which grew out of the present system as soon as
posaible.
Mr. MEADR said he had not been aware that
the bill to which he alluded had been made the
special order of the day; but inasmuch as the bill
now before the committee, like others which were
upon the private calendar, would go before the
board of commissioners, if one should be appoint-
ed, and inasmuch as he wished that bill to be in
the same category with all others, he should per-
sist in his motion that the committee rise.
And the question being taken on that motion,
the vote stood—ayes 38, noes 89.
So tbe committee refused to rise.
Mr. NICOLL rose to inquire of the Chair
whether it would now be in order to move to take
up bills from the Senate with a view to act upon
them ?
The CHAIRMAN replied that such a motion
would not be in order.
And then no further motion having been made
to amend the said bill, it was laid aside to be re-
ported to the House.
NIMROD FARROW AND RICHARD HARRIS.
The bill next in order was the bill for the relief
of the legal representatives of Nimrod Farrow and
of Richard Harris.
[Fafrrow and Harris contracted with the Gov-
ernment to build a fort on Dauphin Island. The
claim is for profits that would have accrued on
the contract which was abandoned by the Gov-
ernment.
The report on this memorial is made by Mr.
Flournoy, from the Committee on Claims. It
does not give the particulars of the case. It says
that the claim has been repeatedly examined by
committees of the House, and that it had been
very minutely investigated by a commissioner,
Mr. Swann, (see House document No. 69, 2d
session 18th Congress,) and by a commission,
composed of the Second Comptroller, the Chief
of Engineers, and the Third Auditor, (see House
document No. 78, 23d Congress 2d session.)
The amount involved is very large; even the
majority of the last commission recommended an
allowance of $131,022 83.
The papers are very numerous; the accounts are
complicated; the points of law difficult; and the
opinions of members of commissions exceedingly
diverse. The committee therefore concur with a
former committee in the opinion,4' that the interests
of the United States require that the claim should be
thoroughly investigated by officers fully competent
to the task, and their decision to be final and con-
clusive upon both parties."
For a full account of the matter involved in this
large claim, the House is referred to the report
made by the same committee at the first session of
the twenty-ninth Congress, and numbered 196. It
is too large, the committee say, to justify a re-
print with the present report. The committee
also refer to certain papers which they annex, and
they report a bill in accordance with the opinion
expressed above.
The bill provides that David Graham, Register
of the Treasury, R. H. Gillett, Solicitor of the
Treasury, and Colonel Joseph G, Totten, of the
Corps of Engineers, be authorized and directed to
examine and arbitrate the claims of the legal rep-
resentatives of Nirrirod Fanowand Richaid Har-
ris (the award of any two to be binding upon the
parties) against the United States, arising; from a
contract to construct a fortification on Dauphin
Island, on the principles of justice and equity; and
they are empowered and directed to take further
testimony on the part of the United States, if they
shall think the same necessary to accomplish the
ends of justice, &c.; the award to be reported to
the Secretary of the Treasury, who is directed to
pay the sum awarded, &c.]
The bill having been read —
Mr. THOMAS rose, and moved that it be laid
aside, to be reported to the House with a recom-
mendation that it do not pass.
Mr. T., in support of this motion, said that he
had had but a short time to examine the case now
under consideration; yet he had ascertained some
facts necessary to be understood by the committee.
He premised that the amount of this claim was
estimated at from §130,000 to §180,000. He called
the attention of the committee to the amount, not
to influence the decision—not as to its justice or
; 1 .
injustice—but that the large amount of the claim
might induce the committee to bestow a more
patient, diligent, and thorough examination upon
its merits, than they might be disposed to give if
the amount involved were less considerable.
Farrow and Harris,in 1818, contracted with the
United States to erect a fortification on Dauphin
Island, for which they were to be paid a given rate
per cubic yard, and received about $45,000 before
they commenced the work. The whole work
was estimated to cost about $586,000. By the
terms of the contract, the United States were to
pay $12,500 per month, provided work of that
value was performed in the month.
After the claimants had made some progress in
the work, the United States abandoned it. But,
in the mean time, the advances by the United States
to the claimants exceeded the value of the work
done at the time of the abandonment, about $100,-
000. Suits were brought by the United States
against the contractors and their securities, for
alleged failures upon their part to perform their
contract. In the year 1823, Congress passed an act
staying these suits, and directing the Secretary of
War to appoint "suitable persons" to ascertain
and report to Congress whether the United States
had failed to perform anything, upon their part,of
the contract, and the amount of damages the claim-
ants had thereby sustained. In the year 1825, a
report having been made, Congress passed an act
(which act Mr. T. read) directing the suits against
the claimants to be dismissed, and that the further
sum of $73,747 78 should be paid to theclaimants,
and further providing, for the payment of losses
by depreciation and otherwise, of the claimants em-
ployed in connection with their undertaking. This
act has been carried out, and the several sums
therein provided for paid to the claimants. These
sums, added to the amounts previously paid, make
the aggregate sum of $257,449 15, received from
the United States by the petitioners.
They were not yet satisfied; and, in 1832, they
induced Congress to pass an act directing the Third
Auditor, the Second Comptroller, and the Chief of
Engineers, to take proof and report, what further
relief was wanted. This commission differed in
their conclusion—one reported against the claim,
and two recommended the payment of the addi-
tional sum of $131,022 83; but Congress refused
to pass the bill to that etfect; and since that time
several reports have been made, some favorable
and some against it. This committee was not to
arbitrate, and finally settle, but to collect lestimo-
ny, and report the same, with their conclusions.
The favorable report made by a part of this
committee in laying down the principles upon which
they arrive at their conclusions, states: 41 All that
is considered essential to inquire into is, first, the
quantity of work to be done by the contract;
second, the amount actually executed when the
work was abandoned; third, the probable cost and
consequent profit of completing the whole work."
It is this last position to which he wished to call
the attention of the committee. He would not
detain the House to discuss whether, if the con-
tractors were progressing rapidly with their work,
or so as to complete it iu the time specified by the
contract, they would be entitled to the prospective
or the imaginary profits that they mi<:ht possibly
have realized. But the facts made it unnecessary t'o
investigate this point.
Mr. T. then proceeded to show, from the report
of the Auditor, that when the work was abandoned
by the United Slates, so much of the time stipula-
ted in the contract for the completion of the work
had passed, and from the inefficiency of the con-
tractors, so little progress had been made, that
it would have been impossible to have completed it
within.the time stipulated by the contract; so that
if the United States had not abandoned the work,
the claimants would necessarily have failed to per-
form the contract, and would have been, therefore,
liable to the United States. Now, for this, the
United States had paid already very dearly. The
report of the commissioners alio wing them $131,000
was the most favorable report ever made for the
claimants, as far as he was informed.
The work done at the abandonment is estimated
at §>30,638 26; to be performed, at $338,908 13.
So that for work really performed by the com-
plainants to the value of $30,618 26, the United
States have paid $257,449 15; and this House was
now asked to pay more; and the amount yet
claimed exceeded $100,000 more; and* this de-
