1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
45
which had heretofore prevailed, and to establish
the new and unheard-of doctrine under this Gov-
ernment of allowing claims for prospective profits
—for speculations which might be realized upon
contracts?
Mr. BOTTS replied he was not prepared to
admit that it would be establishing any new pre-
cedent. He should be .very sorry if it would be.
Upon what principle, let him ask,-was it that the
Government of the United States undertook to
institute a suit agrinst Harris and Farrow for the
non-performance of the contract?
Mr. GIDDINGS was understood to reply, for
damages sustained by the Government.
Mr. BOTTS said it was precisely on the same
principle that the claimants rested their claim.
They were willing to refer the case to a-commis-
sion of officers of the Government; and if these
arbitrators said it would be establishing a new and
dangerous system, or that the claimants were not
entitled to compensation, of course they would
report against the claim.
Mr. GIDDINGS referred to a report made by
Mr. Russell, of New York, in 1840—cneofthe most
indefatigable, unyielding, persevering, honest men
who had ever sat upon the Committee on Claims
in this House—who had bestowed unbounded
labor upon this case, having spent weeks and weeks
in its investigation; Winch report set forth that
these claimants had already received a vast amount
over and above all their outlays, all their trouble
and expenses, and that every dollar they claimed
was a prospective speculation on the Govern-
ment. From the foundation of the Government
down to the present time, or at least down to
within two or three years, one uniform, unbroken
system of deciding claims of this character had
prevailed, which was, never to pay for prospective
speculations upon this Government. It was enough
to pay for actual speculations upon it. He was
as willing to pay for claims coming from this State
(Virginia) as from any other; but he protested
against the principle of paying for prospective
profits upon the Government for that which the
claimants had never earned.
Mr. MEADE again intimated that he was un-
prepared to vote upon the present bill, because he
aid not know the nature of the contract, and had
not examined the papers. The case presented
another proof of the necessity of some impartial
tribunal or board, to determine upon all such
chums. There were now before the committee,
of which he was a member, claims as just as any
that had ever been brought before a court of jus-
tice, and which had been lingering before Congress
some twenty and even thirty years. Justice to the
parties themselves, and to the country, called
loudly for the establishment of such a tribunal.
With a v iew to refer this case, as well as all others,
to that board, if it should be appointed, he would
again move that the committee rise.
And the question being taken, the vote stood—
ayes 42, noes 79.
Sn the committee refused to rise.
Mr. DANIEL now took the floor, and proceeded
to address the committee in urgent opposition to
the bill. There was one point, he said, which had
not been adverted to in the course of the debate,
which had some weight with him, as he thought
it should have with the House. It was this: he
regarded the case as having been once adjusted
and settled. It had been settled, and that, too, in
the mode prayed for by the petitioner themselves.
Mr. D. then adverted briefly to the facts con-
nected with the contract and its abandonment, and
to the amounts which had been paid under awards
made since that time. He argued that the claim
had been continually kept before Congress. The
petitioners had got to be something like lawyers,
m issuing their writs when they expected dam-
ages. They laid their damages at a very high
amount; and jf Congress would not give them,
they would hammer and hammer and hammer,
until they got what they demanded.
A brief conversation followed between Mr
BOTTS and Mr. DANIEL.
Mr. D. repeated, that the case had been settled
and adjusted in the mode pointed out by the
petitioners themselves; but, because they did not
get all they desired, they still clamored for more.
The question, therefore, to be decided was, would
Congress consent to regard claims which hail been
settled as always operf? Was there to be no end
to the adjustment of these things? Was it desired
|; that they should be kept open almost to the re-
;i motest generation, so long as the Government ex-
\\ isted? The true principle upon which Congress
s should act—and upon which he hoped they would
I in this case act—should be, that when a case had
! once been adjusted with apparent fairness—when
!. once Congress had done all that law, justice, and
: equity required—the claim should not further be
il considered an open matter, unless it could be
!' shown that great in justice had been done.
\ There was no ground whatever upon which the
'! present claim could be brought before Congress.
'! There had been no mistake, nor anything of that
') kind. But it was merely to give these petitioners
;; a sort of chance, like that in a lottery, to go to the
j! Executive department and see whether, by hook
jj or by crook, they could get a little more. He was
:j opposed to it. He hoped the bill would not pass.
[! There was neither law, justice, nor equity in its
i  favor.
II Mr. FLOURNOY here rose, and was understood
jj to inquire whether, since the last commission had
^ beerv appointed, which-recommended an allowance
'j of §131,022 83, tfie petitioners had ever received
jj anything?,
J Mr. DANIEL. I do not suppose they have,
jj My ground is, that they have had a commissioner
appointed, and that their claim has been settled
and adjusted. If it can now be reopened, there is
no claim that has been adjusted by this Government
that cannot in ljke manner be brought up again.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, said that
the Committee on Claims had thought proper to
pursue a somewhat different course in this case
from that which was ordinarily pursued. It re-
ferred the claim to three officers of the Government,
whose characters were such as to secure the confi-
dence of this House and of the country. The
papers were so voluminous that it was impossible
for any individual to examine them. Even the
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Daniel]
could not, and he (Mr. R.) was pursuaded that
the gentleman had not given that examination to
the claim which was requisite to a full and impar-
tial understanding of its merits. The papers
weighed more than thirty weight; they would fill
more than a bushel measure; it would take a week
or upwards to read them. Several investigations
had been made. In most cases, the committees
had reported in favor of the claim. Since then,
reports had been made, the case had been referred
to three officers, and of these three, two had re-
ported in favor of a large allowance of upwards of
one hundred and thirty thousand dollars. One of
the commissioners was adverse to the award; and
as a unanimous agreement on the part of the com-
mission was required, the amount awarded had
not been paid.
What course, then, was proper to be taken?
Was it possible that this House could sit here and
go into the investigation of such a claim in all its
details? Could it be done? Could anything like
justice be done by individuals here upon such a
claim? Since this decision had been made by these
two high officers, there had been aconstantpressure
here on the part of these claimants; and it came
with an ill grace from gentlemen to bring a charge
against them that they had long been knocking at
the doors of this Hall and asking that their claims
might be acted upon. He saw, in the calendar be-
fore him, cases which had been here twenty years.
They had been uniformly reported upon favorably,
by unanimous votes of the committees. They
had constantly passed one or the other House, but
had never been reached or acted upon by both.
There had never been adverse reports made upon
them by committees, nor adverse action by Con-
gress. And one of the most intolerable features
connected with this Government, was the condi-
tion of these private claims; not that Congress de-
cided against them, but that they would not act at
all—that they would not give them a chance to be
heard—that there was not any tribunal before
which they might look to have their claims acted
upon and decided with something like despatch
and certainty.
The bill before the committee proposed to ap-
point a commission, composed of David Graham,
Register of the Treasury, R. H. Gillett, Solicitor
of the Treasury, and Colonel Joseph G. Totten,
to examine and to arbitrate the claim. It was his
intention to move an amendment, which would
guard against the expiration of the commission
by the death of the parties designated.
[Some jocular interruptions here, called forth
from Mr. Rockwell the remark, that he did not
mean their actual, or physical death, but merely
their official death.]
He gave notice, also, of his intention to offer
another amendment, setting forth that the act
should not take effect unless the petitioners should
assent to abide and be concluded by the award; that
the arbitrators should be governed by the rules
of law and chancery which govern controversies
between individuals, so that the Government
itself should not be made subject to any other law
than that which would control individuals if simi-
larly situated. With these guards, it seemed to
him that justice required the passage of the bill.
Before taking his seat, Mr. R. proposed to sub-
mit these amendments formally.
The CHAIRMAN said it would not now bein
order to do so.
After a brief explanation between Mr. BOTTS
and Mr. GIDDINGS on an incidental point—
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
THOM A8, and it was decided in the affirmative,—
ayes 76, noes 46.
So the committee decided that the bill should be
reported to the House with a recommendation that
it do not pass.
The committee therefore rose.and reported.
On motion of Mr. STEPHENS, it was
Resolved, That when the House adjourns, it adjourn to
meet on Mondaj next.
And then the House adjourned.
IX SENATE.
Monday, December 18, 1848.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the petition of
George Wilkes, of New York, praying the con-
struction of a railroad by the General Government
from the Missouri river to the Pacific; which was
referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. D. also presented the petition of Barclay &
Livingston, and others, of New York, praying to
be refunded the duties on certain goods lost by
fire; which was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. DOUGLAS presented the petition of H.
O'Reilly, praying for aid in establishing a tele-
graphic communication between the Valley of the
Mississippi and California and Oregon; which was
referred to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. WESTCOTT presented the petition of
Elizabeth Marn and others, heirs of Dorsey Rags-
dale, asking for commutation pay; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. CAMERON presented a petition from cer-
tain citizens of Centre county, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing for a change in the post office laws, so as to
allow newspapers to go free in the counties where
printed; which was referred'to-the Committee oil
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. C. also presented several petitions from the
counties of Columbia and Schuylkill, Pennsyl-
vania, praying for a modification of the tariff;
which were referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. STURGEON presented a petition from
citizens of Centre county, Pennsylvania, praying
for a reduction of postage; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. DIX presented the petition of James Dis-
turnell,asking an appropriation for taking, with the
census, statistical information relating to North
American and the West India Islands-^which was
referred to the Select Committee on the Census.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, presented the
petition of Julia Martin, prayingfor a pension for
her brother, Luther Martin, late a midshipman in
the Navy; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, presented the
petition of Jo'hn Collins, of the United States navy,
praying for the difference of pay between a boat-
swain and a boatswain's mate; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, presented the peti-
tion of Captain William Shriver, praying to be
allowed certain arrears of pay; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. D. also presented the petition of several
officers belonging to the Ordnance corp^ asking for
double lations; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr, BORLAND presented the petition of Cap-
tain Wetmore, praying for compensation for horses
