48
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Bee. 18,
lost in (he military service of the United Slates;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. TURNEY presented the petition of James
M.Scantland,asking an increase of pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. BERRIEN, the petition of
Moses E. Levy was withdrawn from the files of
the Senate, and referred to the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims.
On motion of Mr. YULEE, the petition of'Isa-
bella Street was withdrawn from the files of the
Senate, and referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
On motion of Mr. YULEE, the petition of the
Rev. John E. Tucker was withdrawn from the
files of the Senate, and referred to the Committee
_ on Military Affairs.
On motion of Mr'. JOHNSON, of Maryland, the
petition of Robert Sewell was withdrawn from the
files of the Senate, and referred to the Committee
on Claims.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
On motion of Mr. DOWNS,
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of establishing a mint in the
gold m 2ion of California, to com the gold offered by Ameri-
can citizens at such rate as to pay the expenses thereof, and
remunerate die Government fot the use of03 during on the
mineral lands belonging to the United States, until the same
shall be sold.
On motion of Mr. BREESE,
Ordered, That so nmch of the President's message as
relates to the graduation and reduction of Die price of the
public lands and granting preemption rights thereon, and all
otlur matters pertaining to the subject of the public lands,
be refeired to the Committee on l'ubhc Lands.
On motion of Mr. ATHERTON,
Or-hied, That so much of the nvs-aiie of the President of
the United States as ielates to a iruifi'of dunes on imports;
to the collection, e"u fody, and dnl)ur>.mrent of the public
money**; to the establishment ol a branch mint in Califor-
nia, and the revenues of the Federal Government generally,
be leferred to the Committee on Finance.
PURCHASE OF CUBA.
Mr. MILLER submitted the following; resolu-
tion; which lies over one day for consideration;
Resolved, That the President of the United States be ic-
quested to inform the Senate whether any and what nego-
tiations or correspondence have taken place between this
Government arid the Government of Spain, or between any
persons acting under the direction ot authority of either
Government, hi relation to the purchase of Cuba by the
United States; and that he communicate to the Senate
copies of such negotiations or corre>poudence, so far as lite
same may be communicated consistently with the public
intcie&t.
NOTICES OF BILLS, ETC.
Mr. CAMERON gave notice that lie should to-
morrow, or on some subsequent day, ask leave to
introduce a joint resolution authotizmg Henry
Simpson, administrator of George Simpson, to
bring; suit against the United States.
Mr. BADGER gave notice that he should to-
morrow, or on some subsequent day, ask leave to
introduce a bill for the relief of William Plummer,
executor of Starkey Armistead, deceased.
Mr. PREES15 gave notice that he would to-
morrow, or on some subsequent day, ask leave to
introduce a joint resolution to amend the act of
1837, to provide for the payment of horses lost
while in the service of the United States.
Mr. BORLAND gave notice that he would to-
morrow, or on some subsequent day, ask leave to
introduce a bill to dispose of the Hot Springs of
Arkansas, and the four sections of land reserved
from sale by the act of Congress of 1832.
RECIPROCITY OF TRADE.
Mr. DIX gave notice that he should to-morrow
move the Senate to take up the bill to admit certain
articles, of the growth or production of Canada,
into the United States free of duty, upon the con-
dition that like articles, of the growth or produc-
tion of the Uruted States, arc admitted into Canada
free of duty.
BRANCH MINTS.
Mr. WESTCOTT stated that last session he ,
had moved to reconsider the vote by which the bill j
for the establishment of branches of the United !
States mint at New York and Charleston was re- jj
jected. The motion had never been called up. He j!
now gave notice that lie would to-morrow move
the Senate to reconsider said vote. j!
BILLS ON LEAVE. j|
Mr. DOUGLAS asked and obtained leave to j]
introduce a bill granting to the State of Illinois the y
right of way and a donation of public lands for
making a railroad to connect the waters of the
upper and lower Mississippi with the chain of lakes
at Chicago; which was read twice, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. DOWNS asked and obtained leave to intro-
duce a bill for a new selection of public lands in
lieu of worthless school sections and sections of
inferior quality, and for other purposes; which was
read twice, and referred to the Committee on. Pub-
lic Lands.
Mr. KING asked and obtained leave to introduce
a bill for the remission of duties on an equatorial
telescope contracted for in London by the trustees
of the University of Alabama; which was read
twice, and referred to the Commitee on Finance.
The bill from the House for the punishment of
false swearing in certain cases was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
EVERGLADES OF FLORIDA.
On motion of Mr. WESTCOTT, the Senate
proceeded to consider the bill to authorize the
draining of the Everglades in the State of Florida,
and to grant the same to the said State for that
purpose.
On motion of Mr. WESTCOTT, the bill was
then postponed till'Wednesday, and made the
special order for that day.
ADMISSION OF CALIFORNIA AS A STATE.
Mr. DOUGLAS moved that the Senate take up
the bill for the admission of California as a State
into the Union, with a view to its reference; which
motion having been agreed to, the bill was read a
second time.
Mr. D. then moved that the bill, with the amend-
ments subsequently offered by himself and printed,
be referred to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. BERRIEN. The uniform practice of the
Senate in disposing of a bill for the admission of a
State is to refer it to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. I was struck the other day with the novel
direction which it was proposed to give to this
bill, and 1 have since requested one of the officers
of the Senate to consult the Journal upon the sub-
ject. Upon looking at the Journal of the Senate,
1 find that, on the 14th of February, 1845, the bill
for the admission of Florida into the Union was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. On
the 23d of December, 1846, the bill of the House
of Representatives for the admission of Iowa into
the Union was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary. On the 17th of February, 1847, the
bill for the admission of Wisconsin was refeired
to the Committee on the Judiciary. Now, I am
not aware of any reason why the practice of the
Senate should be departed from m this instance,
i Bills for the organization of territorial governments
j have been uniformly referred to the Committee on
i Territories, whilst those for the admission of States
j into the Union have been invariably referred to the
| Committee on the Judiciary. 1 do not see the
j chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary m his
place, and suppose he is absent, or I should have
submit'ed this matter to him.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If it were the opinion of the
Senate that it is for the general good that all bills
for the admission of new States into the Union
should go to the Committee on the Judiciary, I
would not be tenacious. I do not desire any de-
parture from the regular practice of the Senate in
behalf of this bill. I do think, however, that the
Senator from Georgia [Mr. Berries] has over-
looked at least one instance which the Journal
furnishes in regard to the reference of bills of this
class. The history of the rule in regard to the
reference of such bills, as I understand it, is this:
For many years the Territorial Committee had no
existence in the Senate. There was a Comnntiee ■
on Territories in the House of Representatives
long before the establishment of such a committee ■
m the Senate, and in the other House it was the
province of the Territorial Committee to take '
charge of all bills of this description. As far as I
know, this practice has been uniform. But there ■
being no Territorial Committee in the Senate, the
practice obtained of referring such bills to the 1
Committee on the Judiciary. And it was only a
few months after the adoption of the rule in the
Senate for the establishment of the Committee
on Territories that the bill for the admission of
Iowa (to which the Senator has alluded) was
brought into the Senate. Last year a bill was N
! passed for the admission of Wisconsin into the
Union; and when that bill was under consid-
eration, without intending to infringe upon the
(former practice of the Senate, I moved its refer-
! ence to the Committee on Territories. The same
j objection was then made that has now been made,
' but the motion prevailed, and the reference was
: made. With the assistance of one of the clerks I
\ examined the record on Saturday, and found that
| 1 did myself make the report upon which that bill
I was considered and passed. 1 am therefore com*
j pelled to say that the practice to which the Sen-
I ator from Georgia has referred was overruled,
, upon the last reference by the Senate of a bill of
this kind—the reference having been made to the
■ Committee on Territories. I merely state this
; without any feeling whatever.
Mr. BERRIEN interposed here, and read from
j the Senate Journal, 29th Congress, 2d session,
I page 200, the proceedings by which the bill fiom
i the House of Representatives for the admission of
! Wisconsin was read the first and second time by
| unanimous consent, and referred to the Commit-
I tee on fhe judiciary. This (he said) was in 1847.
| Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes, sir; I admit that. But
j the bill to which I refer is the bill of 1848. If there
] is the least embarrassment about this in the minds
:j of Senators, and the Secretary will bring in the
i| record, it will be found, that when the bill of 1848
| for the admission of Wisconsin came in from the
' other House, it went to the Committee on Terri-
tories, which afterwards reported upon it, and the
bill passed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. If I remember
distinctly the proceedings in the case of the bill
I for the admission of fowa, the point was this: It
depended on the character of the question to aiise
out of the bill referred. The Senate did determine
that matter affecting the organization of territorial
governments should be referred to the Committee
on Territories. But the bill now under consid-
eration is for the admission of a State into the
Union, which presents the question in a very dif-
i ferent point of view. Such a bill involves the con-
sideration of questions very different from those
! coming before a committee called upon to organize
■' a ten itorial government. I consider it exceedingly
,, proper that this bill should be referred to the Ju«
; diciary Committee, in accordance with the de-
li cisions and practice referred to by my honorable
; colleague, [Mr. Berrien.] The Senator from
! Illinois has only established the point that the Sen-
, ate has determined that bills for the organization
■ of territorial governments should go to the Terri-
!; torial Committee; but where it is proposed to ad-
!j mit a State into the Union, the question assumes
i1 a different chaiacter, and should be refened to the
.< Committee on the Judiciary. I consider it exceed-
i ingly proper that such bills should be so referred,
J m view of the peculiar character of the questions
'! which must arise upon their examination before
!I the committee—questions respecting the nature
■ and extent of the powers to be conferred. The
I. admission of a Slate into the Union, it seems to
ii me, involves the consideration of matters much
ij more delicate and responsible than those which
'[ pertain to the organization of a territorial govern-
ment. I am decidedly in favor of refeinng this
;i bill to the Committee on the Judiciary.
i Mr. BUTLER. As chairman of the Judiciary
Committee, it may be expected that I should say
something on the subject under discussion. The
; precedent referred to by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Territories [Mr. Douglas] was in refer-
ence to the admission of Wisconsin into the Union
as a State. That bill was teferred to the Commit-
tee on Territories, but under such circumstances
as to give the precedent little authority. It is, by
me acknowledgment of all, a deviation from the
1 unnoim usages of this body. I was not present
when this bill was passed into a law, and cannot
speak of the discussion which may h t\e taken
place at the time. J rccoilect, however, that at the
same time there was a bill for the organization of
theteiritonal government of Mmesota, aud it was
neeessaiy to define the limits of the State before
the boundaries of the Territory could be indicated.
The matter involved in both these bills was so
much alike as to make a reference to the same
committee not improper then.
The bill now under consideration is of a distinct
character, and, as an illustration of the propiicty
of its being refeired to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, it might be said that it involves grave
