48
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 18.
appropriate for the Committee on the Territories to
consider and report upon. It does not involve mat-
ters which require peculiarly the action of a com-
mittee constituted for the purposes for which the
Judiciary Committee is constituted. I think,there-
fore, that, aside from any of the precedents which
have been cited by those who are in favor of the
reference to the Judiciary Committee or to the
Territorial Committee, but standing on the mere
question itself, as an isolated one, distinct from ail
others, I think it is peculiarly proper that the bill
should be referred to the committee which is con-
versant with matters of this sort, and established
for the consideration of such subjects, rather than j
of legal questions arising out of questions of policy j
that have been already settled and determined.
Mr. RUSK. I shall vote'against the reference
of this bill to the Committee on the Territories,
and shall vote for its reference to the Committee
on the Judiciary; and I shall do so without being
influenced by any of those extraneous circum-
stances or considerations which have been brought
to bear upon the question, and which have been
urged here; for the reason that all the precedents
for referring bills of this description, with the
exception of one, are in favor of referring them to
the Committee on the Judiciary. If the prece-
dents were equal, or if it were a new question, it
seems to me there should be no difficulty or hesi-
tation in determining to which committee the bill
should be referred. But if precedents have any
influence, we can have no hesitation, because the
precedents, in all cases of a similar nature, with
but a single exception, have been on the side of a
reference to the Judiciary Committee.
A proposition is here made to introduce a State
into this Union, the proposed State not having
previously adopted a constitution for itself. We
propose, or rather it is proposed by this bill, to
admit a State, and leave it to the people of that
State hereafter to form a State constitution con-
firming in all respects to the requirements of the
Constitution of the United States. This, it ap-
pears to me, is changing the entire order of things.
Congress has heretofore required, from a State
applying for admission into the Union, a State
constitution, and they have carefully examined to
see if that constitution conformed to the require-
ments of the Constitution of the United States.
This is a grave question; for this bill proposes to
make the people of these Territories an integral
poition of the people of this country. The Sen-
ator who has just taken his seat draws an argu-
ment from the fact that New Mexico has petitioned
Congress foragovernment,and with it has coupled
a lequest that slavery shall be excluded from (hat
Territory. Now, the honorable Senator, before
lie takes this petition as the foundation of an argu-
ment in favor of acceding to their request, should
examine how it oiigmated. I have made some little
examination in relation to this convention that was
held in New Mexico, i have not, however, com-
pleted the examination, but, as far 1 have gone, the
fads in connection with the so-called convention
seemed to be these: About forty or fifty persons,
who have followed our army into New Mexico,
are about all the American citizens that are to be
found on this side of the Rio Grande. These in-
dividuals, I undeistand, have had the principal
management in getting up this petition, the ob-
ject of which, with them, is twofold : in the
first place, to wrest from Texas what is justly j
and legally and rightfully her due—that which
unquestionably belongs to her, and which has
not only been defined to be her property by her
own law, but which has been so recognized by
foreign Governments, and so recognized by the
President of :he United States and by the citi-
zens of the United States, in order to effect !
tins object, they thought it necessary to appeal
to a strong and excited party in Congress; and
hence this position, setting "forth thai they de-
sire to be freed fiom the institution of domestic
slavery. Now, with regard to the population of
New Mexico, 3 have some information. I know,
from the experience that I have had, what sort of
people these Mexicans are; and, by the way? "what
I have heard in relation to the person who figures
most conspicuously in this convention is not veiy
creditable to him. He has been acting there as
alcalde. Now, the alcalde m Mexican jurisdiction
has almost the entire control over matters of a
judicial character. This individual left our army,
and endeavored, at the outset of his civic career,
to overturn the established system which prevailed
in that Territory; but in this he was not altogether
successful. I have some experience also in respect
to popular conventions in that country; for 1 re-
member I came nigh getting into the calaboose
once for attending one of them. The manner of
getting them up is this: The chief officer of the
district collects the -principal citizens, and they
hold what they call a "junta." I remember that
in 1835, shortly after I went to Texas, being at
Nacogdoches, I was called on to attend one of
these "juntas," or conventions, by the alcalde.
Certain questions were laid before us, and we were
invited to express our opinions upon them. I ex-
pressed mine very freely; and, after the" meeting
was broken up, the alcaide ordered me to be taken
to the calaboose; and if there had not been more
Americans present than Mexicans, I should have
been imprisoned for the mere expression of my
opinions. And this is the sort of men who are
assuming to dictate to us! Has it come to this,
that, upon a question which has been agitated
since the formation of the Government, we must
now be instructed by ihe people of New Mexico
how we are to act? I regret that the question has
been dragged into this debate; but, without refer-
ence to it at all, I shall vote for sending this bill to
the Committee on the Judiciary, because I believe
that it involves some very important legal ques-
tions, such as should be investigated thoroughly
before we act upon the bill.
Mt*T BERRIEN. I desire merely, before the
question is taken, that the Senate should under-
stand what has been formerly done. The Com-
mittee on Territories was formed m 1844. The
first question that occurred was in regard to the
admission of Iowa and Florida, upon the motion
of Mr. Evans, of Maine. The question was dis-
cussed whether the bill should be referred, not to
the Committee on Territories, but to a select com-
mittee. Mr. Evans moved that the bill should be
referred to a select committee; and, after discussion,
it was determined by the Senate that it should be
referred to theCommitteeon the Judiciary. Though
the Committee on Territories was in existence, and
though a proposition was made to abstract the bill
from the Judiciary Committee, yet it was not
thought proper by the Senate to do so. That was
in 1845. In December, 1846, the bill for the ad-
mission of Iowa was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
That was two years after the Committee on Terri-
tories had been in existence. In 1847 the bill for
the admission of Wisconsin was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary. This was the third reference after the
Territorial Committee had been jn existence. At
the last session the bill for the admission of Wis-
consin was sent to the Committee on Territories.
There is one instance, therefore, of a reference to
the Territorial Committee in opposition to three
distinct rcfcrenccs to the Judiciary Committee.
Now, one woid in reply to what was said by
the chairman of the Committee on Territories, in
answer to the lemark of the Senator from Alabama,
that there had been a violation of the ordinance of
J787, by permitting a greater number of States to
be formed out of the Northwest Territory than
was provided for in that ordinance, and that this
received the deliberate sanction of the Committee
on the Judiciary. Now, I beg to say that that
was a bill passed by the House of Representatives,
sent here, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, before we knew that such a question
was made. The Committee on the Judiciary re-
ported back the bill withoutamendment, and with-
out being aware, as far as I am informed, of the
existence of the question suggested by the Senator
from Alabama. The Senate is now in possession
of the facts, and it can determine whether it will
adhere to its long-established practice, or whether
it will adhere to the isolated case referred to by the
chairman of the Committee on Territories.
Mr. President, 1 do not feel disposed to enter
into the discussion of questions apart from the im-
mediate question of reference, but I think there is
no Senator who looks upon this bill with attention,
and considers the extraordinary character of the
measures which it proposes to adopt, and who
reflects upon the important legal and constitutional 1
questions necessarily involved in the discussion of !
the bill, who will hesitate to admit that there is a |
manifest propriety in referring it to the Committee !
on the Judiciary. j
j Mr. BUTLER. One word, Mr. President, con-
j cerning the bill passed at the last session. The
1 Senator from Alabama has asked how it happened
; that the Committee on the Judiciary, in the first
i place, and the Senate subsequently, allowed a part
j of the Territory of Wisconsin under the operation
1 of the ordinance of 1787 to be taken oil', and here-
i after—as it will be in a short time—organized into
j a separate State ? In answering that question,
! perhaps I^am, in some measure, answering the ob-
jection that has been made by the honorable Sen-
j ator from Indiana, when he speaks of the sectional
| character which, he says, characterizes the Judi-
' ciary Committee. Sir, in answenng him as chair-
' man of the Committee on the Judiciary, 1 shall
1 state what took place in regard to that matter.
, When this question came up before the committee,
j (which, I believe, was not oiganized with any
i sectional views, for although there are four gentle-
men from the South, and but one from the Nouh,
upon that committee, it is merely accidental, and
not the result of design in the organization,) I
stood alone, sir, when it was proposed to take off
| part of the Territory of Wisconsin, and give it to
| the Territory of Minesota, to be formed, hereafter,
j into a separate Slate.
j I am from that part of the country which has
! observed, so far as I know, all the obligations of
] the ordinance of 1787, or any other constitutional
j obligation; but I then stood alone on this ques-
i tion, and I object now, most solemnly object, to
your taking one inch of this territory from under
the operation of the ordinance of 1787. Sir, I
stood alone in the committee, and four of its mem-
bers were against me; and had 1 not been absent
from my seat when the committee reported that
bill, and it was passed into a law, you would have
heard my voice in this Chamber upon that very
subject. And I think, with the Senator from Ala-
bama, that all the precedents in relation to this
i] matter show that the bill under consideration
should-be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and that, under the circumstances, itcannot
be otherwise disposed of.
I cannot take my seat without making one re-
mark in relation to the Senator from Illinois, chair-
man of the Committee on Territories. I believe
that he has acted in good faith, so far as concerns
this question; and I do him but justice when I say
that he has done all that he could do, considenng
his peculiar local position, to settle the question
: which has shaken our Union for many years past.
| But when my friend, the Senator from Indiana,
; chooses to say that the Committee on the Judi-
j ciary has been so organized that a majority of its
members—all but one—are from the S,>uth, I feel
| it incumbent on me to disclaim all intention or
J design of unfairness, on the part of myself or any
I other members of the committee, towards any
j section of the country, in the organization of that
! committee. That the committee is so constituted is
| an undoubted fact, but its constitution is purely
j accidental. When the commiuee was oiganized
i I was in favor of ictaining a gentleman from the
' North, who was directly opposed to us, because
' he was a good lawyer, and I wanted the benefit of
t his counsel upon judicial matters, and I was not
disposed to forego that benefit because he hap-
pened to be from the northern section of this
Union. Sir, 1 repeat that I believe there has been
no design in the organization of the Judiciary
Committee, nor that any unfairness towards any
section of this Union is to be apprehended from
its organization.
It is a very strange proceeding, when we speak
of organizing a government for California, that the
Federal Government in Congress assembled, in
making the deed conferring the power of govern-
ment upon her for the first time, shall be the cre-
ating and regulating power. Tins, sir, is estab-
lishing a precedent never known before. I have
always understood, heretofore, that a State came
here to ask admission in our Union, clothed with
all the attributes of sovereignty; but we are as-
suming the power of making the State—making
the deed which is to confer the power of govern-
ment, and giving it a certain character. This is
establishing, as 1 have said, a precedent heretofore
unknown in the history of the Federal Govern-
ment.
I have found myself, contrary to my intention
and my rule, betrayed into remarks of this kind;
but I have been actuated by no wish to diaw in-
vidious distinctions between the Committee on
