THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
30th Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1848.
New Series.....No. 4.
Territories and the Committee on the Judiciary.
I stated the fact that I stood alone on the propo-
sition to take a part of the Territory of Wisconsin
and organize from it the Territory of Minesota,
and gentlemen may look over the list and see who
constituted that committee. 1 will repeat, that
had I been in the Senate when that bill was passed,
you would have heard my voice here as well as in
the committee.
Mr. NiLES. Mr. President, I agree with the
Senator from Georgia [Mr. Berrien] that all bills
for the admission of States into this Union always
have been, and always ought to be, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary. I do not think that
anybody can be so blind as not to perceive and
understand the real character of this bill. It is a
territorial bill, but under a different name: nothing
more nor less than that.
Certainly no Senator can contend that the Senate
has any constitutional right to go into a territory
comprising six hundred thousand square miles and
a foreign population of forty thousand souls, with
no civil organization whatever, and organize a
State government. The admission of a State into
the Union supposes the existence of a political
organization; but here there is none. This is a
territorial bill, and in that view I shall vote for its
reference to the Committee on Territories.
For one, I shall not be asleep with reference to
the suggestion of the Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Bright] to postpone the consideration of this
subject, and the exciting question connected with
it, till the next session of Congress. I am ready
to meet that question now—a question which the
country expects us to meet, and which cannot be
dodged either one way or the other. I shall, there-
fore, vote for the reference to the Committee on
Territories.
Mr. YULEE. Mr. President, I move as an
amendment to the motion before the Senate, to
strike out the word "territory," and insert the
word "judiciary."
Mr. BUTLER. It will amount to the same
thing. Never mind; Jet it go as n is.
Several Senators. Yes, yes; let it remain as
it is.
Mr. YULEE withdrew his amendment.
The question was then taken on the question to
refer the bill to the Committee on the Territories,
and decided as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atherton, Baldwin, Bradbury,
Breese, Bright, Cameron, Clarke, Clayton, Corwin, Davis
of Massachusetts, Dickinson, Dix, Dodge, Douglas, Felch,
Fitzgerald, Hal**, Hamlm, Miller, Niles, Sturgeon. Upham,
and Walker-24.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison,Badger, Bell,Benton, Berrien,
Borland, Butler, Calhoun, Davis of Mississippi, Downs,
Fitzpatrick, Foote, Houston, Hunter, Johnson of Maryland,
Johnson of Louisiana, Johnson of Georgia, King^Metcalfe,
Pearce, Rusk, Turney, Underwood, Westcoit, and Yuiee
—25.
So the motion was not agreed to.
On motion of Mr. BERRIEN, the bill was then
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
RAILROAD ACROSS THE ISTHMUS.
Mr. BENTON moved that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the special order, being- the
bill to make compensation for the transportation
of troops and supplies, for a limited time, over the
isthmus of Panama; which motion was agreed to.
Mr. BENTON then said: Mr. President, the
object of that bill has been very fully set forth by
the petition of the memorialists, which was laid
before the Senate several days since, and which
has been printed by order of the Senate for the
use of its members, and reprinted in the newspa-
pers in this city and many newspapers throughout
the country.
The object which the petition so fully and yet
so briefly and clearly points out, needs nothing at
all from me to enhance it in the estimation of this
body or the country. It is vam, sir, for me to
enlarge upon the subject. This great object, favored
by all persons and circumstances and considera-
tions, needs no commendation from me.
The bill, Mr. President, puts it into the hands
of the Secretary of the Navy to contract with those
petitioners for a limited time, and'for a sum not
exceeding a certain amount.
4
The conclusion of this contract is put into the
hands of the Secretary of the Navy, because in
his hands alone is the great business of the mail
steamers plying between our possessions on the
Atlantic ana our possessions on the Pacific side of
North America. Thesemailsteamersaredesigned,
to a certain extent, to become auxiliary and sub-
servient to the naval operations of theUnited States,
liable to become a part of its naval force, and on
that account they are not under the control of the
Postmaster General, to whom their immediate su-
pervision would seem to belong.
Nor does this bill command the Secretary of
War—to whom, also, might be referred the appro-
val of such contracts witfi propriety—to conclude
it. The Secretary of the Navy is the person to
whom the bill refers the conclusion of the contract,
because he already has in his hands the great busi-
ness of controlling the steamships which carry
mails between the eastern and western extremes
of our possessions, and it only lacks, sir, that a
link be completed which lies between the Atlantic
and Pacific -Oceans to perfect the communication
between the" two sides of our continent.
The bill also provides for the transportation of
naval as well as military stores; therefore, it very
appropriately refers the completion of the contract
to the Secretary of the Navy.
The persons, Mr. President, named in the bill,
and who,-if the bill passes, are those with whom
the contract will be made, are persons who, in my
opinion, are entitled to the most favorable consid-
eration. They are, in the first place, persons who
are acquainted practically with what they under-
take to do. One of the petitioners, Mr. Stephens,
is known throughout the reading world for his
travels in a part of South America, which lies near
the country over which this road iato run. Besides
being known as a traveler in all this region, he
has visited the isthmus in company with two en-
gineers to ascertain for himself not merely the
practicability, but the cost of the work; and, though
necessarily aided by the surveys which have been
made heretofore under the contracts of different
governments, he has nevertheless examined every
inch of ground himself, accompanied by skillful
engineers, who have made their own report of the
route. He has knowledge upon the subject, and
without knowledge of the subject it is in vain for
anybody to undertake it.
The company who apply for this privilege have
another recommendation—that of capital tQ accom-
plish it. They then, sir, have another recommend-
ation, which is, an interest in the completion of
the work. They are the contractors for the trans-
portation of the mails on the other side of the
isthmus. They have already put afloat three
steamers of the first class, which have cost them
six hundred thousand dollars. These steamers
are now passing round to commence the business
of transportation on the other side of the isthmus.
They have, then, a great sum already embarked
in this business, and they have a direct interest in
making successful the large amount of money
which they have invested on the other side. They
who undertake to carry "persons and things"
from the other side of the isthmus are those who,
above all others, are the most interested in having
the means of accomplishing, in the shortest pos-
sible time, the transit across the isthmus of the
"persons and things" in the transportation of
which their success depends. They have a direct
interest in their money already invested, and they
have an interest in the success of their enterprise.
They have another reason, Mr. President, why
they should have this grant from us. They already
have it from the Government which owns the
country—from the Government of New Granada
—and are at this time in possession of the privi-
lege of opening this road.
i will read to the Senate the letter of General
Herran, Minister from New Granada to th«s Gov-
ernment, procured by these three gentlemen,
Messrs. Aspinwall, Stephens, and Chauncey. It
is dated— T XT „
Legation of New Granada,
Washington, Dec. 18,1848.
Gentlemen: I have had various conferences with Mr.
John L. Stephens, as representative of the association which
you have formed, and with powers sufficient to solicit tho
privilege of constructing a railroad in the Isthmus of Pana-
ma, under the conditions which, in the name of my Govern-
ment, I have proposed to him. From these conferences it
has resulted that Mr. Stephens has given me sufficient guar-
antees, besides those which are expressed in the privilege
conceded to Matthew Klein, under date ot the 8th of June,
1847, to ensure the f^ecution of this work, [this is a very
material statement, sir,] and that your association hinds it-
self to fulfill the conditions which I have proposed in favor
of New Granada, besides those which are set forth in the
privilege.
In virtue of this agreement, I declare that you are in pos-
session of the privilege conceded by the Government of iVevv
Granada for the construction of a railroad over the Isthmiu
of Panama. I am, your very obedient servant,
P. A. IIERKAN.
Messrs. W. H. Aspinwall, Jno. L. Stephens, and Henry
Chauncey.
This letter is in Spanish, sir, and I give ita lit-
eral translation as I goon. The last sentence is
perhaps the most essential of all. " In virtue of
• this agreement I declare that you are in posses-
* sion of the privilege conceded by the Government
' of New Granada for the construction of a railroad
' over the Isthmus of Panama."
So that, Mr. President, besides securing to these
applicants this contract heretofore, as stated by
them in their petition, the Minister of New Gra-
nada has now, on this day, given them an official
letter declaring that they are in possession or it.
And it is probable that the Minister himself may
be within the sound of my voice when I make this
declaration, that he has, on this day, and for the
purpose for which it is now used, declared that
these persons are in possession of the privilege
granted by that Government. Let it be known
that this day the parties are in possession.
I deem it fortunate, Mr. President, that, after
the delays which have taken place for more than
three centuries in executing some easy and practi-
cable communication between these two great
oceans, the time has arrived now when the great
work can be accomplished. Two Governments,
both in the New World, republics, and friendly to
each other, have entered into a treaty for the pur-
pose of securing the execution of this work. An
article has been inserted in the treaty, unanimously
agreed to on the part of the American Senate, by
which, sir, we acquire an interest, an invaluable
interest, in the use of that work, provided we use
the right secui'ed to us of opening the way across
the isthmus.
This is done by two republics—Powers of the
New World—acting together in making this treaty,
and taking into their own hands, as appropriate,
the great work which is to carry into effect the
great idea of Columbus, in proposing to go west
in order to arrive at the east. It is now in our
power to accomplish it. The petitioners undertake
to do it within three years; and that undertaking
is made upon an actual view, an actual examina-
tion by engineers of the whole work to be accom-
plished. Their contract with the Government of
New Granada gives them eight years in which to
do this work. The privilege of which they alone
are now in possession expires after eight years,
and does not expire for eight years; but, actuated
by their own interests, as well as anxious to
comply with the universal desire to facilitate the
intercourse between the two great oceans, these
petitioners are ready to make extraordinary efforts,
and to accomplish this work withih less than half
the time.
This is as desirable to us, to the Government of
this country, and to all who have yet to traverse
the two oceans, as it is to them. Their interest
requires it, and our convenience, and the successful
carrying on of our own business requires it also.
In the case of this company—informed as they
are—acquainted as they are with the work which
they have to do, and in possession of the necessary
capital to accomplish it—already having six hun-
dred thousand dollars invested in the line, which
is on the other side of the Isthmus, and deeply
interested in the returns which they have them-
selves to get from capital already laid out—we have
every possible human guarantee that these gentle-
men will have the wock accomplished within the
time which they name. Then, Mr. President, it
is a subject of congratulation, a subject of rejoicing,
