50
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 18,
that the United States of America, one of the first
Powers in the world, shall be the first to carry out
the great idea of Columbus of going west to obtain
the east. Other plans may follow, sir. There is
one contemplated across the Isthmus of Tehuan-
tepec by an English company. Let it go on. Let
it succeed. Let there be as many as possible. Bat,
sir, when that work is accomplished, it is still a
Britishwork. It is none of ours. It is not guar-
antied to us by treaties. We will have to take
our chance along with other nations.
We may also, sir, in time, perhaps before long,
accomplish the great idea of Mr. Jefferson in send-
ing Lewis and Clarke to the Pacific Ocean, the
great object of which was to examine into the
practicability of opening a communication between
the two sides of the continent. Wc may have an
American road yet to the Pacific Ocean: but that
must be a work of time. The work across the
Isthmus of Tehupntepec may be called a^ foreign
work, as it concerns us. This across the Isthmus
of Darien may be considered an American work,
and that will be completed immediately. I hope,
then, that the Senators may pee that every interest
and every feeling that belongs to the Americans—
for I appropriate that term by way of distinction
to the first Power in the New World—should
make us anxious to accomplish this work, and to
do it at once. Great will be the pride of all Amer-
ica to be the first to accomplish this work, and to
accomplish it under circumstances which will give
it a national character with respect to ourselves.
3^{r. BREESE. Mr. President, I do not rise at
this time for the purpose of discussing the merits
of this important enterprise. I shall leave that for
some other and more auspicious time. But I rise
to express my hope that the honorable Senator
from Missouri will notattempt to precipitate action
upon this bill, nor attempt to get a vote of the
Senate upon it to-day, nor this week, but that he
will give us ample time and abundant opportunity
to consider it fully in all its details, and in its
whole scope. I rise, sir, merely to >>tate to the
Senate that I have received information, upon
which I can implicitly rely/that a far more bcnc-
ficial proposition than thi3 presented by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs will very soon be offered
for the consideration of the Senate.
Sir, this is a vast matter and a vast undertaking
which these individuals, the memorialists to this
Government, are about to attempt, and for which
they are to receive iho s?\nc*ion, patronoge, and
funds of the Governm-Tit. ii I undeistaud any-
thing about it, this i<>al\tii! be about fifty miles
in length, which, at a i\-~t of fs.'ty thousand doilciis
per mile, would amount to a little more than two
millions of doliais. And now, sir, by this bill thu
Government proposes to pay to them, for twenty
years, six millions of dollars for transportation of
all kinds, leaving a profit of four millions, without
counting the tolls levied on that portion of the
commerce of the world that may pass over the
route.
The Senator s°ys we have obtained the right to
pass across the isthmus by treaty with New Gra-
nada, and that that right will be gone unless we
exercise it. What is that light designated by the
35th article of the treaty ? It is nothing more than
a right of way guarantied to us, and we are not
{subjected to the condition of constructing; a road
in order to secure the privileges guarantied by this
right of way.
I hope the attention of the Senate will be called
to this matter, and to the vast sum of money pro-
posed to be paid to these gentlemen; and that Sen-
ators will bear m mmd that a proposition much
more favorable wui be presented to them. The
Senate, therefore, should not act hastily upon this
subject, but id* e us all time to look into it, and to
make up our minds fully in legaid to it.
Mr. HALE. Air- Picaide.it, I do not w\sh to
be understood, in the very few remarks which i
propose to make unoi this subject at this time, as
indicating what vote I shall g'ive this bill on its final
passage. I confess, however, at the outset, that
my impressions are ail against it—very strongly
against it; and I wish to be informed about it. If
I understand the treaty between this country and
New Granada, to the 25th article of which refer-
ence has been made by the Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Breese,] a great end valuable privilege was
• secured to the Government and citizens of the Uni-
ted States. Well, sir, I take it that when that
treaty was ratified by the Government cf New
Granada, their power, so far as it relates to any 1
railroad that was to be built across the isthmus,
either by the United States or her citizens, was
performed and finished, and that it now remains ;
with the Government of the United States to pre- ;
scribe the mode and manner and terms upon which .
the citizens of the United States are to enjoy the ;
privilege of constructinga railroad; or, in the words ;
of the treaty, "any mode of communication which j
may exist, or which may hereafter be constructed." j
Several Senators. Read it.
Mr. HALE. The 35th article of the treaty is
as follows:
" The Gov eminent of New Granada gu iranties to the Gov-
ermnent of the United Slates that the right of way o> transit
across the Isthmus of Panama upon any modes of commu-
nication thai now exist, ortbatinay hereafter be constructed,
shall be ofM>n.,ami fiee to the Government and citizens of
the United States foi the tran^poitation [of any articles ot
produce, inanufacmre8,rneicliandisc,and commeiee belong-
ing to the citizens of uic United States?; and that nooihei*
tolls or ehar<ies>hall be It vied on citizens of the United
State?, or then moiehanriise, than are levied upon the citi-
zens of New Granada."
I take it, sir, that, as far as that Government is
concerned, the right of this construction is vested
by this treaty in the Government of the United
States, and it is not competent for any of the citi-
zens of the United States to go in ana buy a con-
tract with that Government, subsequent tto this
treaty, and pass a snap statute, and say to the Gov-
ernment, "Your hands are tied; you cannot ac-
complish your object except by contracting with
us."
Again, sir, this bill not only authorizes but
directs the Secretary of the Navy to enter into a
contract with these three individuals."' Now, it
seems to me, that though the^word has grown
somewhat odious of late, this is, in the strictest
sense of the definition, a monopoly. All the other
citizens of the United States, except Mr. William
H. Aspinwall, John L. Stephens, and 3VJr. Chaun-
eey, by this bill are deprived, for twenty years, of
the ]>riv iieges which might arcrnc to the citizens
and Government of the United States under the
treaty with New Granada. The Secretary is not
at liberty, after this bill becomes a law, to receive
proposals from anybody else, no matter how favor-
able may be the terms,
If I understood the honorable gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] one of the reasons as-
signed in his introductory remarks as favoring the
passage of this bill, is, that these gentlemen have
already very vast contracts with tiie Government
on the other side of the isthmus, where they have
the carrying of the mails. I suppose that there is
to be a sort of scriptural-revelation doctrine here,
that to those who have much, much shall be given,
and that these gentlemen, because they have
already"secured very larse and valuable contracts,
are now to have this privilege given to them for
twenty years. If this bill lies over, I, if no other
Senator does it, will propose an amendment, in-
structing the Secretary of the Navy to issue pro-
posals to the whole people of'tlic United States,
and see if there cannot be three other gentlemen
found that, have as much skid, as much knowledge,
and as much capital too, to construct tins railroad
as they have.
It is a new measure; it is one of vast moment.
It opens a new era in the hisiory of the world,
connecting the two sides of this continent by this
railroad; and I am not prepared, at this moment,
to say that this new phase of civilization and com-
merce, wh'-'h is now exciting the interest of the
whole world, at the very first day that it sees the
light, is to be tronsferred for twenty years to
Messrs. A-^pinwal', Stephens, and Chauncey.
I do not know, sir, but that 1 may have mis-
taken altogether the character of this bill; but this
is the way that it strikes my mind at nresent. I
am open to conviction, if there are any argu-
ments to be given to a mind willing to hear them,
and to be convinced by them, I would be very
happy to hear them stated. If my convictions are
overcome, I am as ready to vote for this measure
as anybody else; but at present my impressions
are more decidedly against this bill than they have
been upon any act of legislation since I have been
a member of the Senate.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. President, I regret that I
asked the Senate to make this bill the special order
for to-day. All that I expected, was to open the
subject and bring it before the Senate, and that,
after due deliberation and discussion, we would
proceed to act upon it. I did not intend to ask the
Senate to take any vote upon it to-day, of any
kind. I therefore stand ready to agree to the put-
ting off the bill from day to day, or for a short
time, until Senators can have an opportunity to
examine it; and I must repeat, what I then stated,
that the only way by which Senators can under-
stand this matter, is to leave the subject open, and
to discuss it. That is the only way. That there
is necessity for time for Senators to understand
the subject, is very clear from what the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Breese,] who Sits upon my
risht, has just said. He supposes that by this
bill twelve millions of dollars are to be paid for
transporting mails across the Isthmus of Panama.
Mr. BREESE. I said six millions.
Mr. BENTON. Well, then,' six millions. I
do not care about the precise amount. Why, sir.
this contract is already in the hands of these gen-
tlemen, as a part of the contract for carrying the
mails on the other side of the isthmus. When the
mail line of steamcr3 was established by the Con-
gress of the United States, for connecting these
two parts of America, it was stipulated, in the con-
tracts entered into between the Government and
the5mail companies, that the gentlemen who have
the contract on this side should *arry the mail as
far as Chagres, and that those who have the con-
tract on the otlmr side should carry them from
Chagres across the isthmus and to the Pacific
coast.
There is, then, sir, in the hands of these gentle-
men, at this time, not merely the privilege, but the
obligation to carry the mails from Chagres across
the isthmus, and I can say tha*, over and above
that conti act, they have already despatched a small
steamer to Chagres for their own advantage m
transportation, and for the convenience of passen-
gers going by that direction. And I may say that,
for considerations of humanity, they have provi-
ded against the detention of passengeis at Chagres,
a place in itself most contemptible, and most in-
commodiously situated upon the coast, and inhab-
ited by a people with whom it cannot be desirable
for any one to stay over night; for I believe there
is not a white man among {hem; and, as in Rome
it is necessary to do as Romans do, so it is neces-
sary to do as these people do when stopping
among them. These gentlemen, to provide against
this inconvenience, have already provided a small
steamer for the purpose of meeting the steamer
that goes down from the American coast, and re-
ceiving persons at the mouth of the river, and
taking them up as far as steamboats run, which
is about eighteen miles. They have already pro-
vided this steamer, and the mails are now earned
under that contiact.
Mr. President, it is not only that there is noth-
ing to be paid for the transportation of the mails,
but there is nothing to be paid anyway. There
is nothing stipulated for any sum or for any time.
The authority is only given to the Secretary of
the Navy for contracting at a rate not exceeding
certain rules, and for a period of time not exceed-
ing a certain number of years. Now, sir, there is
| a nde to be taken—the late which we pay forcpr-
| rving the mail between New York and Liverpool.
Here are your rules to go by. The rate is not to
exceed three-fourths of the amount which is now
paid for transporting the mads alone from New
York to Liverpool.
The Secretary may make the rate es much be-
low that as he can bring down the parties, and we
all know well enough that an American oilicer, in
making a contract under an act that gives him dis-
i crctionary powers, feels bound by every connder-
: ation to represent the wishes of his Government
and tlie mass of the community m making his
contract. So much as to amount. Now as to'tho
time. The bill specifies a great deal. The Secre-
tary is not bound to make it one year. Ke may
make it as short as he can. Let persons make as
many propositions  s they please. These propo-
sitions will aid the Secretary in making his con-
tracts. Let persons make propositions for carry-
ing the articles mentioned in the bill for less. But
these propositions must come from persons who
know what they are going to do, like these gentle-
men, who are able to do it, and have an interest,
like them, in accomplishing it in the shoitest time.
And when all is done, they will have to show, sir,
that they have the right to obtain it from the Gov-
ernment of New Granada, the right to obtain
what is shewn, by a declaration made this morn-
