54
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 18,
for one, he would not, if he could—now keep this
question out of these Halls; and it being here,
legislation being inevitable, and there being no
retreat, you cannot expect us (said he) to go other-
wise than for the non-extension of slavery, even,
if you please, to the supererogation of putting the
ordinance of 1787 into any bill that may be brought
forward to organize the Territories.
These being the facts, he repeated it would seem
very improper for a defeated party, like the De-
mocracy, now to undertake to take this question
out of the hands of the successful party. What-
ever the legislation might result in, it should be
remitted to them; they should have a trial, and a
fair trial, at settling this question; and he said to
his Democratic friends, Stand from under, and let
this question go to General Taylor. Let us see
what General Taylor will do with it. He recol-
lected to have heard a gentleman from Alabama,
on the other side of the House, [Mr. Milliard,]
at the last session of Congress, say upon this sub-
j ict, that his candidate for the Presidency (General
Taylor) would hush the storm which had been
raised concerning this question—that he would calm
the troubled waters. The country would be fortu-
nate if it turned out so. So far as he (Mr. R.) was
concerned> he was not disposed to deprive the
President elect and his party in Congress of an
opportunity of exhibiting ^what they would do
upon this question.
There was another view of this question to which
he would call the attention of gentlemen. While
the friends of General Taylor at the South were
making speeches in his advocacy, stating, in most
dogmatical and explicit terms, that lie could be
trusted on this question of slavery, and that Gen-
eral Cass could not; that he (General Taylor) was
a southern man, that his interests, feelings, and
education were allied and identified with theirs;
and that General Cass was a northern man, and
the very reverse in his sympathies, education, and
interests; while such a man as Bailie Peyton, a
distinguished and confidential friend (or so supposed
to be) of General Taylor himself, in a discussion
with an honorable gentleman from Kentucky, who
occupies a seat on this floor, [Mr. Boyd,] at
Paducah, in Kentucky, had said that General Tay-
lor would veto the Wilmot proviso; and that men
who could argue otherwise ought not to be reasoned
with;—ex-Governor Metcalfc was at his State, (In-
diana,) and made a speech at the Capitol, of which
the following account was given in the Indiana
ti State Journal," the Whig newspaper oygan in
that State:
"He told the people, as a southern man, and
4 as a Senator representing a southern State in the
'United States Senate, that he did not wish Gen-
' eral Taylor to interpose the veto to defeat the
* passage of a bill extending the ordinance of 1787
* over our newly-acquired territories. That Gen-
* eral Taylor stood pledged before the country, so
* understood, North and South, notto do it, and he
4 would dishonor himself were he to do it. The
4 Whigs of the South would scorn to resort to the
i one-man power to defeat it, or any other measure
'of deliberate legislation."
More than this: Ex-Governor Letcher, from
the same State, was at the same place, and gave the
same pledges m reference to General Taylor, and,
in addition, called the attention of the people to
the fact, that in the other end of the Capitol the
slave and the free States were equally divided—
there being thirty Senators on each side; and that
upon a sectional question like this, if they elected
Mr. Fillmore, he would have the casting vote, and
he would decide it in their favor: he urged that as
a reason why the Taylor and Fillmore ticket was
the true free-soil ticket. His friend and colleague,
who was now in his scat, from the metropolitan dis-
trict of that State, [Mr. Wick,] heard this with his
own ears; and more than this, it was published in
the same Indiana "State Journal," and extra
copics scattered far and wide over their State.
Seeing these facts, let him ask a°:ain, could any
man living south of Mason and Dixon's line cx-
pect a northern man to do more for them (the
South) than they were willing to do for them-
selves ? Why, the very fact of the election of Mr.
Fillmore as Vice President appeared on its face to
have decided the question of the ordinance; and
the decision to have been made by the South
itself; for who did not know that that gentleman, :
(Mr. Fillmore,) in the year 1838, gave an affirm- j
ative answer to the diiect question whether he was I
in favor of the immediate abolition of slavery in
this District? He saw, since the election of that
gentleman, in a congratulatory letter to a friend,
speaking of his southern friends, he said, they
were a "noble set of fellows." Well, it would seem
that they were a little pliant on this subject.
Whether it resulted from their indifference to this
slave question or from their love of political power,
was, perhaps, a debatable question. For himself,
h£ had thought for a good while, that these gen-
tlemen, both at the South and the North, who had
made so much noise about the slavery question,
cared very little about it—that they only used it
as a political trap to catch votes. So far as he
was concerned, he would not stand by and encour-
age them in that game. He had used all his rea-
son and all his influence in keeping this question
out of these Halls; and in so doing he had been
actuated by no other motive than those of comity,
friendship, and good neighborhood; but if they of
the South were determined they should legislate
upon it, he said to them—
"Layon, Macduff!"
He had stated (while he impugned no man's
motives) that the action of these gentlemen on
its face seemed to indicate that they cared noth-
ing about this question of slavery, except for
the purpose of making political capital. They
could not let Congress settle the question at the
last session; they seemed determined it should not
be settled then; but they appeared now, or the
indications seemed to point in that direction, to be
quite willing that the present Congress should step
in and settle it before their candidate came into |
power. Why was it that when the honorable gen- !
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Root,] the other day
moved his resolution, instructing the Territorial
Committee to bring in a bill to organize a govern-
ment for the&e Territories, excluding slaveiy, that
such a fluttering had showed itself upon that side
of the House among the northern Whigs? Every-
where, in all the elections which had taken place
since that question had come up, they had made j
the exclusion of slavery from the newly acquired
territories the sme qua non. Yet, when the gentle-
man from Ohio had moved his resolution, they
had seen the honorable chairman of the Committee
of Ways^and Means [Mr. Vinton] rise in his
place, and appeal to his friends to vote down the
previous question. Let gentlemen examine the
yeas and nays, and they would find the names of
those who heretofoie had been distinguished and
loud m favor of the Wilmot proviso, voting to
lay this resolution on the table; nay more, they
would find one or two of these gentlemen recorded
in the negative on the direct vote upon the resolu-
tion. Why was this ? Were we to witness again,
as we had witnessed at Philadelphia, another
slaughtering of principles ? He said to his fellow-
citizens of the free States, Beivare I Look to this
Congress ? Were these tun id Whig gentlemen
waiting for a bill which had made its appearance
in the other end of the Capitol, and hoping that it
would come in, and they would step in, and save
them from the responsibility and exposure? If
they were, he hoped and believed they would find
that they were mistaken.
Some, perhaps, might think he was arguing
question from partisan views and motive:
th
merely. Not at all. it was a question which rose
higher jthan party, and higher than the giving to
these Territories a government. It went to the
vitality of our institutions themselves—to the ques-
tion of the right and power of this people to gov-
ern themselves; for if, as in the late canvass, the
candidate for the Presidency was to be permitted
to withold his opinions upon a great subject like
this, and to allow himself to be represented by his
friends, in one section of the Union, as a friend
and supporter of slavery, and as certain to veto
the Wilmot proviso if passed, and to be advocated
in other portions on the ground that he held opin-
ions diametrically opposite, our system of govern-
ment was a failure; the people did not govern them-
selves. He repeated, that this question rose higher
and far above the matter of giving these Territo-
ries a government; and from reasons of this char-
acter, the settlement of this matter should be per-
mitted to go to the next Administration, that the
deception and fraud which had been practised upon
the people might be exposed.
_ It cannot, I think, be denied but that the ques
tion of slavery had determined the result of the
late Presidential ©lection. If, as ought always to
be the case, when a great question like this be-
comes a controlling element m Presidential elec-
tions, the views and opinions of both candidates
were fully and unequivocally known, no one would
have had a right to complan. But when, as in
this case, the views and opinions of one candidate
are obstinately withheld, or, if expressed at all,
done in such a way and in such language as to
warrant his friends, who entertain opposite opin-
ions on the subject, cach to infer that he is with
them, it is a fraud, a deception, which ought to be
uncovered, and from which the successful candi-
date ought not to be permitted to escape. That
this question has aided General Taylor, and in-
jured General Cass, both north and south, is unde-
niable. It has lost General Cass and the Democratic
party the thirty-six electoral votes of New York,
and, as he thought, the twenty-six in Pennsylva-
nia in the free States, because he was regarded as
too favorable to the South; while it is no less
evident, that it has also lost him the States of
Georgia, Louisiana, and Florida, in the South*
because he was regarded as too favorable to the
North. Besides, it is evident, that in all the other
southern States the Democratic vote is greatly
diminished on this account. While he awarded'
to his southern Democratic friends (he meant those
on this floor now, as well as the party generally)
as much political integrity and fidelity to the Dem-
ocratic cause as exists in any other portion of the
Confederacy, yet they cannot deny but that the
fact that General Taylor was a southern man,
owning a large number of slaves, identified in
feelingand interest with them upon the institution
of slavery, had a powerful influence in bringing
about this result. How, then, is this evil to be
cured? Are all the great questions which natu-
rally divide the two parties to be swallowed up by
tins one. He hoped not. But he confessed he
saw no way of preventing it, except to compel
General Taylor to take such responsibility on this
subject as would show what are his real opinions*,
show who in the late contest have been the dupes,
and who the dupers.
He would now make a few remarks in refer-
ence to his own views and position upon this sub-
ject. He might, if he chose, fill up his hour by
adducing evidence heie—by reading letters and
speeches of northern and southern friends of Gen-
eral Taylor, in order to establish more effectually
the position he had taken; but he deemed it un-
necessary. It was denied by no one; the truth of
what he had said as to the difference between
General Taylor's positions cts represented at the
North and at the South, was admitted by all, and
was notorious to the country. It was denied by
no one that great and distinguished Senators, (such
as Mr. Corwin,) m the free States, had told those
who belonged to the " free soil'5 church, that the
Taylor and Fillmore tickct was the true one; that
as to Mr. Yan Buren, he never had belonged to
that party. In every shape and form—by every
possible means—it had been urged upon the people
| of the North that the Taylor and Fillmore ticket was
| the true one to subserve the Free Soil purposes}
| and by no less means had it been attempted to be
! proved to the South, that General Taylor was the
j only man who could be trusted on the slave ques-
tion. He presumed no southern gentleman here
j could deny that GeneralTaylor's advocates, every-
where at the South, had argued that he would veto
the proviso. This had been the case; and some
of his prominent supporters had declared that it
would be unreasonable, and an insult to them, to
ask the question what General Taylor's course
would be? They had argued that his living where
he did, at the South, and owning two or three
hundied slaves, was a sufficient pledge that he
wouM carry out the views of the South; while, at
the North, the Allison letter, which had stood at
the head of every newspaper that had borne his
name, had been held up as ample pledge that he
would sanction whatever Congress saw fit to do
upon this subject.
Pie had said he was willing to leave this ques-
tion where the Constitution had left it. He was
no longer permitted to occupy that ground; he
was compelled to legislate, tie repeated, being so
compelled, he would legislate but one way—that
was, for the exclusion of slavery. He had voted
at the last session against the insertion of the Wil-
mot proviso in the Oregon bill, and he would have
voted to strike it out of a bill organizing govern-
ments for New Mexico and California; but he
