1848.
the congressional globe.
55
would not now vote to strike it out. He had seen
no necessity for it in tlie Oregon bill, as the people
of Oregon had already decided the question, in
their fundamental law, in the constitution of thetr-
provisional government, they had adopted the
very language of the ordinance of 1787; and the~
bill reported by the chairman of the Committee, on
Territories [Mr. Smith, of Indiana] proposed to
affirm that fundamental law. The people of the
Territory had legislated for themselves; and he
had then seen no necessity for having another
Wilmot proviso. He knew it would make mis-
chief, and nothing else; and it did well-nigh defeat
the bill. Hereafter he slfbuld give no such vote.
He would at any time vote for organizing these
Territories ^vith the Wilmot proviso extended over
them. He had opposed legislating on the subject;
but his objections were defeated un<3 cancelled; the
South themselves bad brought the question here;
they must now abide its settlement ty Congress.
He would add, he thought, and he had always
thought, his southern friends had done wrong in
asking any legislation of Congress to extend sla-
very. Why, what was the history of ourcountry?
Since the Government was organized, we had^ob-
tained Louisiana, Florida, and Texas—all slave
Territories. The last acquisition was the only free
acquisition we had made. Was it right, then,
seeing that their acquisitions were as three to one,
for the South to come forward and ask Congress
to extend slavery over this Territory ? He thought
not. We had introduced into this Union four slave
States, which had been carved out of these various
acquisitions, and but one free State. And he told
gentlemen of the South he did not think the North
ever would permit_ territory now free to be made
slave territory. What this unnatural union be- ]
tween the North and the South, which had resulted j
in the election of General Taylor, mighjt bring
forth, however, it was impossible to tell; what
might result from some of these compromises
which they were willing to adopt, remained to be
seen. Under the non-interference doctrine—the
old Democratic platform—slavery would never have
gone into New Mexico and California; but agitate
the question, bring it up in Congress, and no man-
could tell in what manner it would be decided.
The continued agitation of the question may
float slavery into them. The patronage in expect-
ancy of General Taylor, before he comes into power,
may so silence and spike the cannon of Wilmot-
proviso Whigs from the North, as to permit some
compromise to pass this session which will sub-
serve the purposes of the slaveholding interest. It
is lemarkable, that in all instances heretofore,
northern Whigs have, in etfery shape, and without
exception, on this floor, stood up for the proviso;
yet we now see some of them apparently quite
willing to compromise the question. For myself,
I do not so far commit myself as to say I will not
vote for anything this winter; but I do say, my
decided opinion now is, that we should let the
question alone till next session.
The necessity for legislation, for the giving -of
governments to these Territories, is not now so
emergent as it was at the last session. # Since
then, the President has sent out troops and provided
for their permanent military occupation, under the
administration of General P. F. Smith, an able
and prudent man, who will incidentally be invested
with sufficient civil power as to insure to the people
of that country (California) such protection in their
persons and property as they have never hitherto
enjoyed; and they can get along well enough under
such a government for a few months longer.
He had now subserved his purpose; and if it
were not a seeming unfairness to make a speech
and then withdraw his motion, he would do so;
as it was, however, he would leave the question
open to be disposed of by the House.
Mr. RUMSEY moved the previous question.
Mr. WENT WORTH moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, asked the yeas and
nays on the motion to lay on the table; which
were ordered.
The question was then taken, and the vote stood
—yeas 105, nays 83—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adam's, Bingham, Blackmar,
Blanchard, Butler, O-nby. Cutlicart, Clnpp, Fianklin Clark,
OolUmfci, Corner, Ciowell, Cummin*, Darling, Dickey,
Dickm on, Dixon, Darnel Duncan, Dunn, Eckei t, Edward*,
Erabree, Nathan Evans. Faran, F«arreily, Ficklm, Fisher.
Frecdlcy, Fnes, Gidduig?, Gott, Greeley, Hale, Nathan
Hall. Hammons. James G. Hampton, Motes Hampton, Hen-
ley Henry, Elias B. Holmes, Hubbard, Hudson, Hunt, Joseph
R. itigeraoll, Jenkins, James H. Johnson. Kellogg. Daniel P.
King1 Lnlim, William T. Lawrence, Sidney Lawrence,
Lincoln, Lord, Lynde, McClelland, Mcllvame, Job Mann, ,
Horace Mann, Marsli, Morris, Muliin, Nelson, N* s, Nieoli,
Palfrey, Pe«islee. Peck, P&trie, Pettit, Pollock, Putnam,
Reynolds, Richey, RockhiH, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rode- .
well, Root, Ruuisey, St. John, SherrilL Silvester, Sltnger- j
land, Smait, Caleb B. Stoith, Rcbart Smith, Truman Smith, i
Starkweather. Strohm, Strong, TaUmadge, Taylor, James i
Thompson, Richard W. Thompson, William Thompson, 1
Thurston, Tuck, Turner, Warren, Wentworth, White, ,
Wick, Wsley, Wilmot, and Wilson—105. |
NAYS—Messrs. Atkinson, Barringer, Barrow, Beale, j
Bedinger, Bocoek, Botts,BowHn, Bojd, Bridges, Brodhead, <
William G. Brown, AlbertG. Brown, Buckner, Burt, Cabell,
Chapman, Beverly L. Clarke, Howell Cobb, Williamson R.
W. Cobb, Co< ke, Cranston, Crisfield, Crozier, Daniel, Gar-
nett Duncan, Alexander Evans, Fiournoy, French, Fulton,
Games, Gavle, Gentry, Gogcin, Green, Haralson, Herman-
son, Harris," Hill, Isaac E. Holmes,George S. Houston,Inge,
Charles J. lngersoll, Iverson, Andrew Johnson, Robeit W.
Johnson, Geoige W. Jones, John W. Jones, Kei:nnn, T.
Butler King, La S£re, Lefil^r, Ligon, Lumpkin, MeCler-
nat;d, McDowell, McKay, MeLane, Meade, Miller, Riore-
j head, Outlaw, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, PiUbury, Pies-
! ton, Richardson, Sawyer, Stanton, Stephens, Thibodeaux,
i Thomas, Jacob Thompson, John B. Thompson, Robert A.
Thompson, Tompkins, Toombs, Van Dykf, VenabSe, Vin-
ton, Wallace, and Woodward—S3.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the table.
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. GIDDINGS, in pursuance of notice here-
tofore given, rose and asked leave to introduce a bill.
No objection having been made,
Mr G. introduced a bill of the following title:
| "A bill to authorize the people of the District of
1 Columbia to express their desire as to the existence
| of slavery therein." - -
I The bill having been read twice by its title—
i Mr. GIDDINGS said, that as its object was
I very well understood by the members of the ;
I House, and as the subject had been so long agi-
tated, he trusted there would be no objection to
allowing the bill to be put upon its engrossment at
this "time. - --
Mr. COBB called for its reading.
Whereupon the bill was read, as follows:
Be it enacted, 4-c., That it shall be lawful for the male
inhabitants of the District of Columbia over twenty-one
years of a^e, who have resided therein during one year next
preceding the passage of this bill, to as&einbleon the fiist
Monday of April next, at the court room in the City Hall of
the City of Washington, and at eight o'clock, a. m., of said
day, or so soon thereafter as twenty-five persons of the above
description shall have assembled, to sekct, viia voce, tiiree
j judges and two clerks of said convention.
i Sec. 2. That each of said judges and clerks, before enter-
! ins upon the duties of said appointment, shall take an oath
! or affimiation faithfully and impartially to discharge the du-
! ties assigned him by this act, and to prevent so far ;w able
! all fraud, deception, or abuse in conducting the same.
&ec. 3. That each person above described may then
express his desire for the continuance of slavery within said
1 District by handing to one of the judges a ticket on which
| shall be written or printed the word " slavery," and those
; who desire the establishment ot freedom in said District
I may express the same by handing to one of said judges a
] ticket on which shall be written orpiintedthe word " lib-
i erty." And it shall be the duty of the judge receiving
said ticket to announce the name of the person handing it
to him audibly before placing the same in the box ; and the
clerks shall each record the name of said person so voting
in a poll-book provided for that purpose, and the judge shall
then place said ticket in the box without examining the
same.
Sec. 4. That said box and books shall be kept open for
the purpose of receiving tickets until four o'clock, p. m.,
and from eight o'clock, a. m. until four o'clock, p. m. ot
the succeeding day; and said box, at the close of each day,
shall be sealed up in the presence ot all the judges, and shall
remain in charge of one of said judges during the tune said
judges shall be separated.
Sec. 5. That alter said box shall be closed on the second
day of said convention, the judges shall certify at the toot of
said h&t, the number or persons who have voted, which
certificate shall al-o be attested by said clerks.
See . 6. That said judges and cleiks shall meetat the same
place, at eight o'clock, on the third day of said convention,
and when assembled shall open said box, and proceed to
count said tickets, carefully designating those in favor of
slavery and those in favor of liberty; and said clerks shall
keep tally in said poll-books, carefully placing each tally
in its appropriate column; and, if in unfolding s>aid tickets,
j it shall be found that two tickets were folded together and
j given to the judge by one person, such ticket shall not be
I counted in either column; but the number of such fraud-
ulent tickets shall be noticed, and recorded as such by said
clerks.
Sec. 7. That when the whole number of tickets shall be
counted, the judges shall make out a certificate in said poll-
book showing the number of ballots in favor of slavery and
the numbei m favor of liberty, and the number of fiaudu-
lent tickets or blanks, (if such theie be,) which said certi-
ficate shall be signed by the judges, and attested by the
clerks; and one of said poll-books shall be deposited with
the Secretary of the Senate, and the other with the Cierk of
this House, to be reported to said Senate and House at the
next session of Congress.
Sec.8. Provides for the punishmentof frauds, byconfine-
mcntin the penitentialy.
The reading having been concluded—
Mf. GIDDINGS said, that he had endeavored,
in drawing up this bill, to make everything so
plain that every member could understand it. It
was simply a question to.be propounded to the
people of the District of Columbia, whether they,
in fact, desired the continuance of the institution
of slavery or not?
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON here rose and said,
that, with the permission of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Giddings,] he (Mr. T.) wished to put
an inquiry to the chairman of the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman yield the
floor?
Mr. GIDDINGS having expressed his willing-
ness to yield for the purpose of inquiry—
^ Mr. THOMPSON said : I deshe to know
whether the people of this District have expressed
in any way a desire that Congress should pass
such a law as is contemplated by this bill?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I say they have. I say that
a number of them, and of the leading men among
them, have made such a request, and it is in ac-
cordance with.that request thai this bill has been
drawn.
Mr. THOMPSON said he desired to know from
: the chairman of the committee 
I! Mr. G1DDINGS claimed the floor.
11 Mr. THOMPSON said the gentleman would
j' certainly yield for the purpose of enabling him to
! obtain the information he had asked.
Mr. GIDDINGS insisted on his right to the
•; floor, at the same time expressing his readiness
ji to answer any inquiry that the gentleman might
:i think proper to put to him. He repealed, in reply
■i to the inquiry of the gentleman from Mississippi,
;l [Mr. Thompson,] that he (Mr. G.) had been re-
|! quested to bring forward this bill. It met the
11 approbation of many citizens here—of everyone,
;; certainly, with whom he had conversed.
j| Mr. TOMPKINS here rose, and expressed his
■1 desire to put an inquiry to the gentleman from
Ohio.
11 The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman yield
I the floor?
| Mr. GIDDINGS. For the purpose of inquiry.
! Mr. TOMPKINS said that he had probably
■ not distinctly heard the reading of the bill; but he
f understood one of its provisions to be, that every
: male inhabitant of the District over twenty-one
years of age, should vote at the contemplated con-
vention. Now, he wished the gentleman to ex-
plain whether, in using that expression, it was
his intention that negroes, bond and free, or ne-
groes, bond or ftee, were to take part in this
; expression of public sentiment?
Mr. GIDDINGS said, that when he looked
, abroad upon the family of man, he knew no dis-
i tinctions. He knew of no persons in this Dig-
■ ting hand that formed himself, or the gentleman
! from Mississippi, [Mr. Tompkins;] and when he
i (Mr. G.) spoke of the people of this District, he
meant precisely what he said. He meant every
! male inhabitant of the District of Columbia over
j twenty-one years of age. He did not draw any
distinctions. He would not suffer the man who
I held his fellow-man in bondage to say whether he
I would do this thing or not, and then refuse to put
: the question to him who was thus bound. If the
| gentleman from Mississippi chose to offer an
j amendment excluding both the slaveholder and the
| slave, he (Mr. G.) would go with him; but as the
i advocate of the eternal principle of truth and jus-
, tice, he never would submit to give one man the
' control ofanother man's liberty. Any such attempt
! struck at the very foundation of his principles.
Every feeling of his soul shrunk with abhorrence
: from the proposition. He stood here as the advo-
i cate of our common humanity; he stood here to
i uphold those rights, and to demand that the en-
1 during principles of justice should he meted out
j to every individual in the District of Columbia.
| He did not come here the advocate of any peculiar
■ rights—of one man claiming rights over another.
I He stood here on sound Democratic principles 
I The SPEAKER said, the Chair must arrest the
| gentleman from Ohio in his remarks. According
to the rule, if debate arose on any proposition or
; resolution, it must, except by general consent, go
! over one dav.
I Mr. GIDDINGS suggested, thai if the proposi-
1 tion to introduce his bill had given rise to debate,
it would have gone over. But the bill hadbeen
! received, had been twice read, and the question
