58
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 19,
William Piummer, executor of StarkeyAvmistead, t
deceased; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, j
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES. j
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill making a grant of a right of
way and a donation of public lands to the State of
Illinois, in aid of certain railroads connecting the
Mississippi and the chain of lakes at Chicago,
without amendment, and the report was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Major Ba-
ker; which was read a first time, and ordered to a
second reading.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported a bill to authorize the Secretary
of War to make reparation for the killing of a
Caddo boy by volunteer troops in Texas; which
was read a first time.
Mr. ATCHISON said he was instructed to move
for the immediate passage of this bill. He ac-
cordingly moved that it be read a second time.
The bill was then read a second time, and taken
up for consideration, as in Committee of the ,
Whole. !
Mr. ATCHISON submitted some documents
from the War Department in relation to this case,
which were read.
The case was that of a Caddo -boy who was
unfortunately killed by our volunteers. Such was
the excitement caused by the circumstance, that it
had nearly produced a war. An arrangement,
however, was effected, by which it was agreed
that the United States should pay five hundred
dollars as a reparation. The bill accordingly ap-
propriates that sum.
The bill was repoited without amendment, and
was then read a third time, and passed.
15ILL WITHDRAWN.
Mr. KING stated that he had yesterday intro-
duced a bill for the remission of duty on an equa-
torial telescope, contracted for in London by the
trustees of the University of Alabama, which had
been referred. On examining the appropriation
bill of last session, he found a clause which he had
overlooked, and whifcH covered the case. He
therefoie moved that the Committee on Finance
be discharged from the further consideration of the
bill. The motion was agreed to, and the commit-
tee was discharged from the bill.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. DOWNS gave notice that lie would to-
morrow, or on some subsequent day, ask leave to
introduce a joint rt solution to authorize the Sucre-
taiy of the Tre.iMity to contract for canning the
mail front New Oilcans to Vera Ciuz.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, gave notice that
he would to-morrow, or on some subsequent day,
ask leave to introduce a bill.
RESOLUTIONS, ETC.
On motion of Mr. YULEE, it was
Onkicd, That so iiui'Mi of the Piesidcnt's mc^saso n-* re-
lates to the United States navy, be lefened to the Commit-
tee on Naval Aff.uih.
Mr. FOOTE submitted the following resolution,
which lies over:
Resolved, That the resolution of the Senate, authorizing
the Vice President to appoint the superintendent of the ante-
room, be. and tin: same it? hereby, rescinded; and that the
j-upeimtendent now in chaigo be continued, at hr* parent
compensation, under the authority of the Sergcant-ut-arms.
On motion of Mr. BALDWIN,
Revived, TJftit the Committee on Military Affairs he in-
structed to asccitain, so far as the sumo mny be piactitable,
and icpoit to the Senate the pattieulats of the contract ex-
I'tui" between the Government ot New GiaiiadaandMcs>rs.
A^pniuatl, {Stephen?., Chauneey, in regaid to the con-
PUiKUon of the pioposed laihoad across the Isthmus of
Panama, and tin: tcimson which the use of such railroad for
tiie Trail-it of pa^sensreis and mcichandihe is secured to the
Government and people of New Granada and ot the United
State-.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
NILES, was taken up and agreed to:
Resolved, That the committee to audit and control the
contingent accounts of the Senate be instructed to inquire
into the construction and ettect of the rt&olution of the
Senate adopted at the last sexton, in relation to repoi ting
and publishing the debates of the Senate, and whether anv :
niodirication thereof is required; and that said committee 1
also ascertain the expanse which ha^ been ineuried uudei
s.nd re&olution since its adoption.
PURCHASE OP CUBA.
Tlie following resolution,"submitted yesterday
by Mr. MILLER, was taken up for considera-
tion:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to inform the Senate whether any and what nego-
tiations or correspondence have taken place between this
Government and tlie Government of Spain, or between any
peisons acting under the direction or authontyof either
Government, m relation to the purchase of Cuba by the
United States; and that he communicate to the Senate
copies of such negotiations or correspondence, ao far as the
same may be communicated consistently, with the public
interest.
Mr. BERRIEN. Mr. President, I would sug-
gest to the mover of the resolution, [Mr. Miller,]
whether it would not be better to transfer it to the
Executive session.
It seems to me, sir, to be an interference, which
is not according to the usage of the Senate, with
the Executive powers of the Government. The
very fact of the pendency of the negotiation, if
any negotiation be pending, and the fact that the
President is authorized by the Constitution to enter
into such negotiations, show the importance of
preserving the secrecy upon which the success of
a negotiation in a great measure must depend.
I do not believe myself that any importance is
to be attached to the present inquiry-, because I do
not believe that any such negotiations are pending.
But we should refrain from interfering with what
properly belongs to the President by virtue of
powers in him vested by the Constitution of the
United States; and we should, at least, protect the
Executive from an exposure which may prove in-
jurious to a negotiation.
I would suggest, therefore, to the mover of the
resolution the propriety of waiving that inquiry
here, and making it the subject of inquiry in Ex-
ecutive session. :
Mr. MILLER. Mr. President, in submitting j
that resolution, I had no intention at all to inter- ;
fere with the executive power of the President. It !
is well known, probably, to the Senate, that for |
some time the public prints and the public mind !
have been somewhat excited by the rumors rela- ;
tive to this question—I mean the purchase of Cuba. ;
I did not presume, nor can I presume, that the
President has opened any negotiations of that kind.
On a subject of such importance it is not to be pre- j
sumcd, 1 apprehend, that the Executive, without ;
giving any intimation whatever to the country, i
has commenced such a negotiation. This resolu- j
tion was offered merely for the purpose of satisfy- 1
ing the public mind upon this question, and not j
with any design of encroaching upon the powers
of the Executive. I believe there are many pre-
cedents for a resolution of this kind. I believe
such resolutions were offered in regard to Oregon
and Texas, in open session, and no objection was
urged against them.
Without saying what course I shall adopt my-
self in reference to this matter, I am willing to
aliow the lcsolution to pass over.
The resolution was passed over accordingly.
The following resolutions, submitted by Mr.
Bai.dwix, on the 18th of February last, were 1
taken up for consideration; and, upon motion of ;
Mr. 13., who said that the subject had been antici- |
pated by other action of the Government, were !
laid upon the table: j
Resolved, That the amount collected by the army of the j
United Suite-, m Mexico Aom the teveriues of that It" public, '
and from the contribution^ levied on the people thereof by j
oidei of the Pii'suientof the United States toi tlie support of i
the army, ought to be applied to the payment yro rata ot the :
awards in favor of claimant-^ under the convention between
the United States and the Mexican Republic ol the 11th of '
April, 1SJ9, tut winch the proceeds of tlie dneet taxes of the -
Mexican Republic weie solemnly pledged by theeorivention :
ot the -JOth January. 1^-13 j
Rcsohed, That it pertain*, exclusively to Congress to raise !
and fruppoit ninnes b} app-opriations of money to that use 1
lor a limited term, and that no power is conteired bv the ;
Constitution on the President toapph anj moneys collected 1
under the authority of the United' {states to the support of j
: the army without a specific appropriation theielor. j
[ l Resohcd, That the President be reqia-ted to communicate
i; to the Senate a particulai account ot all monejs collected |
|. horn the revenues of Mexico, or from military eontubution? I
1 ■ levied by hi* authonty, ami ot tbemaimei in winch the same 1
; ] has been disposed ol oi applied. ' i'
,] The following resolution, submitted by Mr. !
;t JoH\-srtN, of Maryland, on the 28th April last, was !
' taken up for consideration, and on motion of Mr. 1
!i J., laid upon the table:
Bnah-eil. That the President of the United States is re-
. quoted to mfojin the Senate whether any officers ar" now
in the huiit,try m civil >eivice of the United States, undei
appointments liom the President, which havu not been sub-
. nutted to the Senate; and, if there be any such appointments,
• liiat he state the date ot such appointments, and why it is
that it has not been in the power of the President to submit
I them to the coiitideratio.i of the Senate.
( The following resolution, by Mr. Huxter, re-
; ported from the Committee on the Public Build*
| nigs and Grounds, on the 9th August last, was
i taken up for consideration, and, at the suggestion
! of Mr. H., laid over for the present:
I Resolved, That a sum not exceeding ^3,770, be expended
j out of the contingent fund of the Senate in completing* the
! system of ventilating and wanning the Senate chamber,
' commenced and proposed by John Skirvinsr: Pi ovirfed, how-
1 ever, That the money *h;ill he expended, and the work ex-
j ecuted, under the diiectum of the Seetetaiy ot the Seriate.
| The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Cameron on the 10th August last, was taken up
! for consideration, and, at the suggestion of Mr.
i C., laid over for the present:
! Resolved. That the Secretary of War he requested to com-
> municate to the Senate any information that inav be within
the knowledge of the department in reference to chiim*
, made aga'n-t the Cherokee? who aie pained to the treatv of
i Auffut-t b, 1S46, especially agau^t that portion of the nation
i called old settlers, or Western Cherokee-, for services or
i any other aid and assistance icndered the said Cherokees
in the pi execution of their claim, winch resulted in the
i tieaty atieivvaids. If f-uch drum-. aie ba-:ed on wutten
, contrdcts, he is requested to state whether the contracts
| were made by the duh authorized representatives of the
I Cherokeet tn their national or ae,%resnte capacity, tor the
j benefit of tho>e who aie made recipient- by the treaty m all
! moneys ausirig out of the settlement of their claims. And
: also whethei, within the knowledge of the department, such
; connects have been fully and taithiully complied with, as
j far as piacticable, by the oilier pai ties named m them. And
j that he will communicate the evidence upon which he
bases his opinion, with any paper in the possesion of the
j department showing the extent of the services rendered,
and tlie chaiacter of tne claims thus made asamst the
i moneys which may be awarded under the treaty'of August
16,1846.
j BILLS INTRODUCED ON LEAVE.
| Mr. BREESE, agreeably to notice, asked and
i obtained leave to bring in a joint resolution ex-
! plaining the act to provide payment for horses and
: other property lost while engaged m the military
i seivice, approved 18th January, 1848; which was
! read a first and second time by its title, and refeired
;j to the Committee on Military Affairs,
j Mr. BADGER, in pursuance of notice, asked
'! and obtained leave to introduce a bill for the relief
j of William Piummer, executor of Starkey Armis-
1 tead, deceased.
! Mr. BADGER. Before I move the reference
;; of this bill, I wish, in three words, to state to the
' Senate the nature of the bill, and to call the atten-
:j tion of the committee to it.
j In the year 1829 an action was brought in the
I district court of the United States, in North Caro-
] lina, holdcn at Albemarle, in that State, upon a
' duty bond. Judgment was afterwards recovered
upon the bond, and in 1835 Plummer, in whose
i behalf the proceeding took place, as the executor
i of Arm is tead, paid the full amount of the judgment,
1 interest, and costs into the clerk's office °of the
court in which judgment was rendered. Things
, remained in this condition until 1846, nearly
; eighteen years afterwards, when application was
; made to the district judge to have satisfaction en-
! tered, and the execution quashed. This applica-
tion was overruled. Thereupon a. scire facias was
■ sued out of the United States court to show
j cause why execution should not cease on the ori-
ginal judgment. The judge held, however, that it
did not appear that thejudgment had been satisfied,
and his award was against the application, It is
to relieve the party from this proceeding that this
bill has been introduced. While up, Twill add,
that the difficulty, or supposed difficulty, of the case
has arisen from this circumstance: it has been
the uniiorm practice of the State court, in times
past, wlieu judgment has been rendered, for the par-
ties against whom such judgment was rendered,
either before or after execution issued, to pay the
money intone hands of the clerk of the court in
which such judgment was rendered. Some five-and
twenty years ago a question was raised as to the
validity of such payment; the question was carried
to the Supreme Court, and that court sustained
the validity of the payment in this case; but hav-
ing intimated some doubt as to the regularity of
the practice, the State Legislature immediately
passed an act to give validity to what had been
the previous ,custom. In consequence of this, it
has happened that the same course of proceeding
has been adopted in the courts of the United
States, without an exception being taken,as far as
known, until 1846; the clerk of the distiict court
who received the money not having reported it to
the treasury; the collector living in the same town,
