60
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 19,
extort onerous charges from our own citizens. If
there be such a provision in it, it may well be mat-
ter of serious consideration with this Government
whether it should not withhold the contract. Anx-
ious as I am to see the measure adopted, 1 cannot
vote for the bill unless satisfied fully that there is
nothing in the charter that would be objectionable
on the part of the Government and the people of
the United States. I really think that the paper
now presented will fail in its object unless we can
ascertain what are the modifications made and
conditions imposed in the new charter; and we can
know nothing about them until we can see them.
I move that both of these documents, together
wkh the letter, be printed for the use of the Sen-
ate.
Mr. BENTON. There was a paper asked for i
yesterday, and this morning it was brought in and I
ordered to be printed. That is the parliamentary
usage. And this having been done, there is now
a debate got up as if there had been a refusal to
produce the paper. Why, sir, one word from a
Senator on this floor would have been sufficient,
and the paper now sought to be obtained would
have been produced as readily as the other; it
would have been forthcoming precisely in the same
manner; but 1 have it not in my pocket. I cannot
produce it upon the instant; ana here a debate is
got up as if there was a disposition to withhold it
Mr. CAMERON. 1 am not going to detain the
Senate with any extended remarks. I merely have
to say that I desire not only that this paper should
be produced, but that we should be put in posses-
sion of the contract itself. 1 had two reasons for
making the suggestion yesterday in regard to the
production of these papers, i desired, first, that
the contract made with the French citizens, upon
which I am told this is based, should be laid before
us, in order that the Senate and country might see
the enormity of its provisions in granting extraor-
dinary powers to a private corporation; and I de-
sired also to see whether these gentlemen have
actually made a contract, for I confess I have strong
doubts on the subject. My impression is, that they
have made a conditional contract with New Gra-
nada, to be complete upon the contingency of their
forming an agreement with this Government, which
will guaranty to them the making of the road.
This system of connecting the public treasury with
the interests of private individuals is not altogether
new to me. It began in my State twenty years
ago. It commenced by the State guarantying the
interest of a million of dollars of stock for making ^
the Union canal, and ended by involving us in a
debt of more than forty millions of dollars. I am
utterly opposed, therefore, to connecting the public
ti-easury with the interests of individuals. We
ought to endeavor to induce competition instead of
conferring exclusive privileges. Important as this
work is to the trade of the world, I do not consider '
it of sufficient magnitude to require the assistance
of the Government. In my State we have over-
come the obstacle presented by the altitude of the !
Alleghanies, in the formation of a channel of com- '
mumcation—I mean the Portage railroad, with its j
expensive inclined planes and machinery, at a cost i
not exceeding two millions of dollars; and we are
told that this Panama road, which is but a small
affair in comparison, will cost fifteen or twenty
millions. It is a work not exceeding forty miles
in extent, in which there are no grades exceeding
twenty feet in the mile, without the necessity for
inclined planes, and altogether a road of cheaper
construction; and yet it is proposed that we shall
give to these gentlemen three hundred thousand
dollars a year for twenty years for carrying our
mails and munitions of war, leaving to the company i
the profits of the whole trade that will pass over !
that route, which, in itself, would be sufficient to
induce men of enterprise and of capital, after the
road had been surveyed, and its real difficulties
understood, to undertake the work.
It is said to be a gigantic undertaking, and one
which has been too great for the people inhabiting
that country to accomplish. Why is itthat it has
never been undertaken? The reason why it has
not been attempted is, that the people of that coun-
try have been in a state of ignorance and semi-
barbarity; but the moment it is thrown open to
Americans, who are accustomed to works of that
description, it will be found an easy enterprise,
and capitalists will be glad to undertake it for the
sake of the profits that are to be derived from it. I
would certainly be willing to forego many scruples
that I have in order that the road may be construct-
ed; for I am aware that it will be of great advan-
tage to the country in a commercial point of view.
The trade that would be carried on upon that route
would be of more importance than any advantage
which theGovernment might derive from any priv-
ileges in regard to transportation of the mails or
of troops and munitions of war. But I desire to
have our contract so framed, if one be entered into,
as to secure to our people the conveyance of their
merchandise at as low a rate as the goods of the
people of that country may be transported for. I
would have the tolls so regulated by law as to pre-
vent any imposition being practised upon our citi-
zens. It is but reasonable, at all events, that we
should be put m possession of all the facts in rela-
tion to the agreement entered into by these gentle-
men. What is there to prevent them, so far as
we are at present informed, from selling the road
after it shall have been made? Ought we not to have
some guarantee against this, and ought we not to
have a guaratee that the road shall be constructed
in a proper manner, and with all the guards and
securities which experience and science can fur-
nish ? I desire that we should have all the inform-
ation which these papers will afford us; and if it
prove that these gentlemen have only a conditional
contract, it will deserve mature reflection whether
we ought, upon such representations as have been
made to us, to extend the aid of this Government to
them. I have no doubt that the work might be very
easily accomplished by individual enterprise; and
I doubt not that this discussion will have the effect
of bringing the matter to the notice of individuals
who would be willing to undertake the work with-
out exacting from this Government so great a
degree of patronage. lam unwilling that we should
act upon the subject until we have before us the
proper data upon which we may be able'to act
understandingly.
Mr. FOOTE. I rise for the purpose of vindi-
cating myself from an imputation which has been
thrown out by the Senator fiom Missouri. That
Senator manifests some dissatisfaction that a de-
bate has been got up here in regard to the pro-
duction of these papers. He seems to think it a
very unseasonable debate; and, by way of show-
ing that such is the fact, he goes on to say, that
upon the first intimation of a desire on the part of
the Senator from Pennsylvania m regard to the
paper presented this morning, the document was
brought into the Senate. Now, I feel bound to
say, simply in vindication of myself, that I did not
understand, nor did any one in this neighborhood
understand on yesterday, that there was a distinct
intimation that this document would be produced;
nor did we know this morning that it would be
produced until the gi eater part of the debate had
taken place. Therefore, I must suppose that the
debate was got up for want of the document,
and not, as the Senator intimates, from any cap-
tious spirit or from any desire to occasion unne-
cessary delay in the consideration of the proposi-
tion which is now submitted to us.
While I am up, I desire to repeat the inquiry
which 1 propounded some time ago to the Senator
from Ohio, for 1 deem it a matter of some import-
ance. That Senator appears to be opposed to this
particular scheme for connecting the Pacific with
the Atlantic, although he seems to appreciate the
importance of such a work; and, speaking of it as
he does, we have a right to take for granted that
he has some distinct and mature notion on the
subject of the mode of establishing this communi-
cation. In addition to this, I will mention that it
has struck me—and I only throw it out as a very
imperfect idea, one that I have not duly considered
myself, but I hope that others.have investigated
the matter more thoroughly, and that it will be
elucidated by those who are capable of throwing
light upon it—it has appeared to me, upon a su-
perficial view of the matter, that it is within the
constitutional power of this Government to estab-
lish a railway from the Atlantic to the Pacific upon
the authority of this treaty for military purposes;
and if so, incidentally, and merely incidentally, to
secure to itself all the peculiar advantages likely
to arise from the establishment of the railway, and
also to retain within its own hands the means of
saving our citizens from those injuries which have
been so graphically portrayed this morning by the
Senator fioni Louisiana. There would then be no
tolls to be imposed by the company; the Govern- ;
ment would always have it in its power to see that
justice was done to those who have goods to trans-
port along this railway in their passage to the
remote shores of California and Oregon.
I do not myself advance an opinion on this sub-
ject; but it is the opinion of men who are well quali-
fied to decide, that it is competent for the Govern-
ment to establish a railway upon that route. I
have seen elaborate opinions from high authority
to that effect. I have not fully scrutinized the mat-
ter myself, but I have an imperfect idea that if
hereafter it should be ascertained that it is neces-
sary for the defence of California and New Mex-
ico against foreign aggression, or against domestic
violence, that a military road should be constructed
for the transportation of troops and munitions of
war from the Atlantic to the Pacific, our Govern-
ment has a right to establish such a road by its
own means, and, by establishing such a road, in-
cidentally to secure to us the immense advantages
to be derived from its use. With this view, and
with the deference I have ever felt for the judg-
ment of the Senator from Ohio in regard to such
matters, I had hoped that he would, in the prog-
ress of the debate, have given some response to
the inquiry which I propounded that would be
satisfactory to the Senate.
Mr. ATCHISON rose for the purpose of moving
a postponement of the further consideration of the
subject.
Mr. ALLEN. If the Senator will allow me, I
will answer the question of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi. When that Senator propounded his
question I would have replied to him had not an-
other Senator obtained the floor. I have no hesi-
tation in stating what my views are upon the
subject. If we have a right to acquire by treaty a
passage across the Isthmus of Panama, we have a
right to open the passage and to enjoy all the fruits
which we sought by the negotiation of the treaty.
And I believe that we not only have a constitutional
right to open a passage, but I believe it will be-
come the imperative duty of the Government of
the United States to accomplish that object.
Mr. ATCHISON. I now renew my motion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I desire that the subject
should be postponed, and I do not intend now to
enter into its discussion. I feel bound, however,
to make one or two remarks in regard to it. I see
no impropriety, in fact I can see a manifest pro-
priety, m requiring the contract, as it is called, to
be submitted to the Senate. I had supposed that
the charter, together with the letter of General
Herran, would have been sufficient; but, looking
at the letter, it will appear that it may be possible
it contains matter that will enlighten the Senate.
In consequence of the absence of Mr. Aspmwall,
the document cannot immediately be obtained, but
I have no doubt that upon his return to the city it
will be produced. I trust, therefore, the Senate
will allow the subject to be postponed.
I must say I do not comprehend the argument
that is made against this measure on the ground
that it is creating a great monopoly which this
Government ought not to submit to or tolerate. I
understand the fact to be that we have a treaty
with the Government of New Granada, which
secures to us a right of way across the Isthmus of
Panama, upon any road now made or hereafter
to be made by authority of the Government of
New Granada, upon the same terms and at the
same rates of toll as shall be charged upon the
citizens and their merchandise of the Government
of New Granada, under such charter for making
roads. The sovereignty of the country remains
in the Government of New Granada, while the
right of way, the right to travel upon roads now
made or which shall be made by or under the au-
thority of that Government, is secured to us; and
the conditions upon which we are to travel upon
those roads are to be the same which that Govern-
ment shall impose upon her own citizens; that the
tolls to be chaiged upon our citizens with their
freight and merchandise are to be the same as
those charged upon her citizens with their freight
and merchandise, and no more. Therefore it
would seem, from these facts, that this Govern-
ment has nothing to do with the terms and con-
ditions upon which the road shall be made, and
nothing to do with the terms and conditions upon
which passengers and freight shall be transported
upon it. It would seem by the charter which is
submitted to the Senate, I apprehend, when you
examine it, that these individuals have secured
the right of making a road across the isthmus—
