62
THE CONGRESSIONAL# GLOBE.
Dec. 19,
duction of the United States are admitted into
Canada free of duty.
Mr. D. said: Mr. President, the bill was before
the Senate at the last session of Congress. It
passed the House of Representatives and came up
here. At the request of several Senators it was
repeatedly postponed, and the bill was finally lost
in consequence of the pressure of business at the
close of the session. The whole recess has elapsed,
and Senators have had sufficient time to examine
it thoroughly. I am very desirous that it should
be acted upon, and what I now ask is, that the bill
shall be taken up, that it may be read and under-
stood. Then, if any further time is necessary, I
will not object to its being passed over for a time,
although I atn in favor of acting on it immediately,
as the Parliament of Canada is now about to meet,
and we should dispose of the bill in time for them
to take action upon it, inasmuch as it involves
matters of mutual importance to the two countries.
The question being then taken upon the motion
made by Mr. Dix, it was decided, on a division,
in the negative: Ayes 17, noes 26.
On motion of Mr. YULEE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened,
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 19, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
The SPEAKER presented the memorial of
Isaac S. Jx. Reeves, first lieutenant in the regiment
of United States aitillery, and adjutant of the
Military Academy, in relation to his allowances.
Referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Also the memorial of Archibald R. Bogardus,
piavmg that his persion for disability may be
made lo commence from the date of said disability.
Referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
PETITIONS.
TheSenatebeing called for the purpose, petitions
were presented by Messrs. King of Massachusetts,
Abbott, Nicoll, William T. Lawrence, Elias
B. Holmes, Greeley, Starkweather, White,
Eckert, Brady, Pollock, Strohm, Butler,
Hamp-ion of Pennsylvania, Chapman, Fulton,
Daniel, Donnell, Frexch, Jlvans of£>lno, La
Sere, Harris, and Darling.
On motion of Mr. CROWELL,
Ordered* That leave be Kianted for the withdrawal of the
petition and papeis of John S. Devlin, admuiistiafoi of K. J.
Weed, deeeas< d.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, of Ohio,
_ Oid-ncd, That tin* petition of Geoige Cassady for a peti-
tion, witt) the aeoomp,Hiving paper.-, bo vvirhdtawii tiom
tho files of the flou&o, and ref'eired to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Iowa, in pursuance of
previous notice, introduced a bill (No. 675) to
amend "An act granting certain lands to the Ter-
ritory of Iowa, to aid m the improvement of the
navigation of the Des Moines river, m said Terri- I
tory;" which was read twice, and referred to the
Committee on.Public Lands.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
By Mr. WENTWORTH: A bill for the relief
of W. O. Walker.
By Mr. HARRIS: A bill regulating evidence
in the circuit and district courts of the United
States. j
RESOLUTIONS. I
Mr. NICOLL, fiom the Committee of Waysand
Means, repoaed the following resolution; which j
was read and agreed to: '
<<erl, That tne Committee of Ways and Means !,e, and
they die her. b\, discharged 1'ium the tuirhci consideration of .
the item of\!-i =,00 lor cleilM in tin; offices of IheSjuivoyors
G'-nrra! of the Land Office, contained in tile estimate ot !
appropiiation^ for the ensmug fiscal year, and that said item !
and the papers reiatin;' thereto he, anil the same are hereby, i
referred to the Committee on j'tihhe Lands; and wad lasL .
mentioned oomimttce lie in ti ueti-d to mquiie into the man-
ner in winch said approbation has been expended m prior
year--, and whetliei the public interest requires that said ap- '
piopnation be farther continued. i
Mr. HUDSON, from the Committee of Ways -
and Means, reported the following resolution; ;
which was read and agreed to: ~ '
. R&olveH, That a special committee be appointed to inquire 1 i
into the e.np-dieni-y of revising the periituui.irv sj-tem of r
the Uistriet of Columbia, and reporting a plan by which the ii
convicts can be supported at less expense to the Govern-
ment.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred Senate bill to
modify the fourth clause of the seventh section of
an act entitled "An act to enable the people of
Wisconsin Territory to form a constitution and
State government, and for the admission of such
State into the Union," approved August 6, 1846,
reported the same back to the House without
| amendment; and the bill was ordered to be laid on
i the table.
j Mr. HUNT, from the Committee on Commerce,
j reported a bill to authorize an appropriation for
removing the rocks at Hurl Gate, and the reefs in
j the harbor of New York; which was read twice,
| and committed to the Committee of the Whole on
I the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
! Mr. BRADY, from the Committee on Private
j Land Claims, to whom was referred the bill from
the Senate entitled "An act for the relief of the
heirs of Jean P. Perry, Josiah Bleakley, Nicholas
\ Jariot, and Robert Morrison," reported the same
j back to the House without amendment.
The bill was read a third time and passed, and
returned to the Senate.
j Mr. HARMANSON, from the Committee on
1 Private Land Claims, reported bills for tho relief
j of Sidney Flower, of Louisiana, and for the relief
i of Amelia Covilhon, of Louisiana; which were
read twice, and committed.
Mr. DARLING, from the same committee, to
whom was referred the bill from the Senate enti-
tled "An act for the relief of the heirs of John
Wall, deceased," reported the same back to the
I House without amendment. Committed,
j Mr. COCKE, from the Committee on Revolu-
; tionary Pensions, to whom was referred the bill
; from the Senate, entitled " An act granting a pen-
sion to Bethiah Healy, widow of George Healy,
deceased,"reported the same back without amend-
ment. Committed.
Mr. FULTON, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition of
John Mcintosh, reported a bill for his relief, ac-
companied by a report in writing; which was read
twice, and committed.
Mr. W. T. LAWRENCE, from the same com-
mittee, to whom was referred the petitions of Wil-
liam Slocum and John H. Goolsby, made adverse
reports thereon; which were laid on the table and
ordered to be printed.
Also, reported a bill for the relief of Levi M.
Roberts; which was read twice and committed.
1 The SPEAKER said, that the business next in
order will be resolutions heretofore offered, calling
upon the departments for information, and which
had been laid over by the rule.
I REFERENCE OP PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
; Mr. VINTON moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, for the purpose of proceeding to the
consideration of the President's Message.
The question having been taken and decided in
the affirmative—• j
The House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Thomp-
son, of Indiana,) in the chair, and proceeded to the !
consideration of the resolutions offered yesterday j
by Mr. Viktow, referring the several portions of '
the message to the appropriate committees. j
The resolutions having been read,.are as follows: '
Remlvril, That so much of the annual mess-ige of the 1
Pie-identof the United States to the two Uouse> of Con- !
giess at Liu; piesent session asielates to our treaties, diplo- i
mafic intercourse, and relations with foir sn couutues Le !
reiened to the Committee on Foieign Allans. ' 1
_ sM. That so much of-aid message a* iciatesto eonmensa- '
tion to those citizen- who have set vert in the Indian v^rm
Oiegon, to the state and condition of the arm\, to tho duties 1
levied on Am/ncan and neutral commerce m the ports of
Mexico, and the disbuiseinent of the moneys &o collected
and the accountability therefor by the officer- who collected
and dishui^ed the same, with the repoit ot tho Secretary of
War accompanying .'aid message, be refened to the Com-
mittee on Multdiy Allans, wnh instructions, to said com-
mittee to mquiie into and repoit upon the legality ot the col-
lectiort oi xiich duties^and the dii-buraemeii't of the nionev
so collected. *
Sd. That so much of said message a., relates to the con-
dition and operations of the navy, the maune corp--, and the
establishment oc a line of steamers between New Oik'iris
and \ era Cruz, together w«n the i eport ol the Secretary of
the IVavy, be referred to the Committee on >7aval Atruts
„;'h"°'™ch of said  •"" * a  wteto to UK- tariffs
of 184b and 184-2, the leveriue, the state oi thp In as.irv the
public dflit, the Mibtie.isurj.tlie geiieial condition ot'the
finances, the estimated receipts and expenditures foi tlie i
I next fiscal year, the unliquidated claims of citizens of the
! United States against Mexico, and the establishment ot ad-
' ditional branch mints, be referred to the Committee of Ways
; and Mean*.
I 5th. That so much of said message as relates to the public
i lands, the graduation and reduction of the price theieot,the
I surveys theieof, geological, iriineralogical, and lineal, tho
| appointment of additional surve>ors general, and to the sale
of the mineral lands in Caliiorma and New Mexico, be
referred to the Committee on Public LaiuN.
6th. That so much of s;ud message a* rrlates loour inter-
course and relations with the Indian tribes, and to the ap-
pointment of additional Indian agents, be referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
7th. That so much of said message as relates to the com-
merce and navigation ot the countiy, and to the extension
ofthc revenue laws of the United States over California, be
referred to the Committee on Commeice.
I 8rh. That so much of paid message as relates to the estah-
■ li-hnient of tern tonal governments o\ er California and Xew
i Mexico, and the enforcement of gov-mmenu dc fiJo m
I those Teiritories, be refeircd to the Committee on the Ter-
! ritones, with instiucuons to said committee to mrpine and
! rcpoit whether the Executive of the United State?* ha> right-
j fill authority to exercise the powers of govtinmenr now
] being enfoiced over those Temtoiirs.
] 9th. That so much ot said message as relate? to the po.-t
I ufhees and post road*, and the reduction of the rate of po=f-
I age, b.- lefeired to the Committee on the Post Office and
i PostRoadi.
| Mr. MEADE moved to amend the eighth reso-
| Union by striking out the words " the Committee
j on the Territories," and inserting in lieu thereof
| " a select committee."
; Mr. M. said a very few words in explanation of
i his amendment. They were very imperfectly
I heard, but were understood to be, that he did not
think that, m the organization of the Committee on
; Territories, justice had been done to the South.
: There were upon that committee three members
j from the South, and out of that number there was
I not one belonging to that party which had lately
j achieved a triumph in the Presidential election.
! If his motion for a new committee should prevail,
j he hoped that a due proportion of Whigs and Dem-
i ocrats from the South would be placed upon it.
i The question was then taken on the amend-
, ment; and the affirmative vote was declared to be
, forty-nine.
i Tellers were called for; and Messrs. Meade and
: Duncan were appointed.
| And the question being again taken, the vote
I stood: Ayes 73, noes 80.
So the amendment was rejected.
THE TARIFF.
Mr. RUMSEY moved to amend the 4th resolu-
tion, by striking out the words, "the tariffs of
1846 and 1842," and to add the following as an
additional resolution:
" Resolved, That so much of the said message as
relates to the tariffs of 1846 and 1842, be referred
to the Committee on Manufactures."
!j Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, rose to in-
jj quire from the chairman of the committee, [Mr.
]; Yin-ton,] whether this subject had not already
j! been referred to that commiitee?
|! Mr. VINTON said that the subject of the tariff
| had already been referred by a resolution of the
House, upon motion of a gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, to the Committee of Ways and Means.
|j Mr. RUMSEY was understood to suggest that
j | the amendment was simply a proposition of inquiry,
j, Mr. HOLMES said that ail resolutions of this
j, kind were, from necessity, he presumed, resolu-
jj tions of inquiry. Was this House pepared, after
i; close of a protracted war, at once to refer the
j; question of the tariff—which was a question of rev-
;j enue—to a committee pre-judging the whole sub-
! ject ? He would ask whether it did not become
j[ the House to have a full report fiom the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means upon the state of the
tj finances, and the prospects of ihe ccuntry in rela-
tion thereto, beforeproceeuing m tins nasty manner
I to pre-judge the question r No doubt the object of
! ^ie gentleman who had moved the amendment
[Mr. Rumsey] was to get the House to commit
use if, by reluning the whole subject to the Com-
, miucc on Manufactures. In this inchoate state,
as he might call it, ana before the new Admims-
; tration had come into power, he hoped no such
; course would be adopted.
Mr. COBB (addressing the Chair) said he pre-
sumed it would be in order to move an amendment
to the amendment.
Tlie CHAIRMAN indicated that it would be
in order.
Mr. COBB said, that as t1 e proposition of the
gentleman from iNew York [l\xr. Kumsky] took
the question of revenue out of the hands of the
