1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Committee of Ways anil Means, and referred it to
the Committee on Manufactures, he took it for
granted thtit the object of the gentleman was, that
the tariff of 18-16 and of 1842 should be considered
without any reference to the question of revenue;
and that it should be considered with reference to
the effects of our tariff system on the manufactures
of the country.
Mr. RUMSEY rose to explain. Tiiegentleman
from Georgia [Mr. Cobb] was mistaken. The
question of revenue was still left with the Com-
mittee of Waysand Means. His (Mr. R.'s) prop-
osition did not contemplate taking that branch of
the subject fiom that committee.
Mr. COBB continued. He could not (he said)
perceive any other motive which the gentleman
could have had in offering his proposition, except
it was for the purpose of having the question of
protection considered by the Committee on Man-
ufactures, in opposition to the question of revenue
arising under our tariff system. He did not rise
to discuss the subject at this time. But if we were
to lose sight of the question of revenue in connec-
tion with our tariff system, there were two other
questions connected with it which ought not to be
lost sight of. He referred to the interests of agri-
culture and of commeice. tie could see no reason
why the question of the tariff should not be con-
sidered by committees upon agriculture and com-
merce, as well as upon manufactures. For his
own pari, he was willing that the subject should
pass over upon the motion which had been made
by the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, [Mr. Vinton,] giving to it its proper di-
rection. But if that was not to be done, then he
should move, as an amendment to the amendment,
to add the Committees of Agriculture and Com-
merce, in order that our tariff system might be
considered with reference not only to the manu-
factuimg inteiests, but also to the agricultural and
commercial interests.
He desired to see whether the House, at this
early stage of its session, was disposed to lose
sight of these two great interests, and to direct
all their inquiiies, and shape all their proceedings,
in legislation upon the tariff, to the object of man-
ufactures alone.
He trusted that gentlemen would make no ob-
jection to his amendment. He trusted that they
had a sufficient regard for the agricultural and
commercial interests, to let the subject go to these
committees as well as to the Committee on Man-
ufactures. He saw no way to effect this object,
except by a joint action of these committees. He
therefore moved to amend Mr. Rumsex's amend-
ment, by adding, after the word " Manufactures,"
the woids " tlifi Committee on Agriculture and the
Committee on Commerce, and that said commit-
tees act jointly."
Mr. C. J. INGER.SOLL said he thought his
friend from Georgia, and every other member of
this House, could not tail to perceive that,_ by
referring this subject to the Committee on Manu-
factures, they gave it its appropriate direction, for
this simple reason: There were gentlemen m this
House (of whom, no doubt, the gentleman from
Georgia was one) who thought this altogether a
revenue subject; there were others who did not
think so. He (Mr. I.) was one of those who had
always acted under a diffeient impression. He
had ioted the other day with some hesitation upon
the rc.-olution of his colleague over the way [Mr.
Eckeut| for reieiTing to the Committee of Ways
and Ale.1' s the question of the propriety of estab-
lish im a tanff uased upon the principles of the
tariff of it>42. He had regretted what appeared
t! _■ | ii'i'ltxuy of the language, if the lesolution
h„d sfii/'veu of a tariff based upon the pimciplc of
ispeci ic duties, and a protccuvc tariff, he should
have hktd it a good deal better; because these had
always hten his principles, and he thought would
be to the end.
He now .submitted to his honorable friend from
Gcoigm, that, by changing this reference from the
Committee oil iUanuiaetuies, and referring the
subjtcl to any other committee, they would pre-
clude—they would shut out—they would settle the
whole question, by declaring at once that it was a
question of revenue, and not a question of manu-
facture s, or whatever tlicy pleased to cali it; that
It was not a protective question.
It was not neeessmy now, he thought, to enter
into the question, which was right and which was
wrong. There had been some evidence given in
the late election as to the opinions of the people
upon it.
Mr. COBB, (in his seat.) Whereabouts?
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. In Pennsylvania. But let
that pass. All he meant to say was, that the sub-
ject should go to the Committee on Manufactures,
or those who thought this was not a mere revenue
question were at once precluded from the consid-
eration which they desired.
Mr. COBB wished to inquire of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, whether, in considering this
subject in reference to protection, he thought the
agricultural and commercial interests of the coun-
try were at all to be consulted; whether the farmer
and the man engaged m commerce were interested
in this question ?
Mr. 1NGERSOLL replied, very much. There
was a Committee on Agriculture and a Committee
on Commerce, and to these Committees on Agri-
culture and on Commerce let the appropriate por-
tions of this subject be specifically refened; but do
not refuse to refer that part of the message which
relates to the question of protection to the Com-
mittee on Manufactures, for they would, in that
case, at once preclude those who,like him, believed i
this to be a question-of protection, from that con- |
sideration wly^li they desired.
i -He should not insist upon the amendment in
| its present form, but with the permission of the
| gentleman from Tennessee, he would modify it by
j striking out the words "and that said-committees
act conjointly," so as to leave these committees.to
j act in their separate capacities upon this subject.
| _ Mr. GENTRY (continuing) said it seemed to
! hirrr&n immaterial question, to what committee this
j question should be referred. If the committee to
i whom it was given in charge were competent to
I the performance of their duty, they must look to
! the effects which a revision of the tariff would
have alike upon commerce, agriculture, and man-
ufactures, for these three interests were so mdis-
solubly connected that one could not be considered
without considering them all,
Mr. HOLMES, ofSouth Carolina, wished to know
of his friend from Tennessee, if he meant to say,
that jf this question was referred to the Committee
on Manufactures, it was not an indication of the
sense of this House that the question should be
considered of imposing duties expressly for the en-
| couragement of manufactures, without any regard
, to the question belonging exclusively to the Com-
| mittee of Ways and Means, to wit: the question of
: revenue?
Mr. GENTRY replied, that he undertook to say
Mr^COBB, with the p_eimission of his friend j; t!lat whenever lhis House referred this subject to
a.SK ll tnc gentleman ij o r.ommiltpp with fl viput rpfwlitisr in anw flpirrpfl
from Pennsylvania, desired to
looked upon the tariff question as purely a manu
factoring question3
Mr. UNGERSOLL. Yes, mainly so, certainly.
[A laugh.] -
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, desired to
ask the gentleman a question.
Mr. iiNGERSOLL. Yes, certainly. I shall
willingly respond to any interrogatories that may
be made by any gentleman.
Mr. HOLMES wished, then, to inquire under
what category the Pennsylvania coal came—
whether under that of manufactures or agricul-
ture? (or excavations ?)
Mr. iNGERSOLL. Under neither. It belonged
to the list of mineials. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOLMES desired to ask the gentleman
another question. Did not the gentleman, in his
advocacy of the reference of this question to the
Committee on Manufactures, mean to include the
mineral interests, the interests of Pennsylvania
coal ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. No. If the committee
think proper to include them, I shall include them
a committee with a view to readjust in any degree
our revenue laws, the House had under consider-
ation the question of protection to our manufactur-
ing interests, alike with the questions of agricultuie
and commerce—all of which were involved in this
subject; and that this House expected a committee
which might be charged with this question to take
into intelligent consideration all these various inter-
ests; and that the one could not be legislated upon
in any important degree without affecting the others,
j Hence, he maintained, if the committee was com*
i petent for the duty with which it was charged,
j that it mattered not whether it was the Committee
j of Ways and Means, the Committee on Agricul-
| tare, or the Committee on Manufactures, to whom
j this question should be committed. But, in con-
[ fornnty with the usage of this House, he deemed
i the Committee of Ways and Means to be the ap-
; propiate committee.
j Mr. HOLMES wished again to ask the gentle-
; man, whether if this House referred the question
j to the Committee on Manufactures, it would not
; be a manifestation of this opinion, that they thought
' a tariff should be framed expressly for the purpose
out, at ali events, there is another substance com- i 0f protection, and not of revenue, and that they
mg from the earth, not altogether coal, but some- ',\ would prefer less revenue with a protective tariif
thing more valuable than the gold of California. than more revenue with a revenue tariff?
Mr. HOLMES. Then do I understand the gen- ji Mr. GENTRY said he did not know that that
tleman to say, that lie has no reference to coal, and jt conclusion would necessarily follow. But if the
[i gentleman had waited a moment, he would have
seen that he (Mr. G.) was in favor of the reference
no desire for an increase of the duty upon it?
Mr. INGERSOLL. lam rather inclined to [
think there is no occasion for an increase of the j
duty upon coal, but there certainly isforan increase :
of the duty upon iron. That is an answer to the !
gentleman-, and now, if there are no other mterro- ]
gations to be addressed to me, I will take my seat, j
1 will iepeat, however; that my object in rising !
was to expiess this one sentiment, that, by taking 1
this subject from the Committee on Manufactures,
you put an end to the whole doctrine, which is ,
entertained by some members on this floor, and ;
by a large portion of those who come from the 1
State which I have the honor in part to represent, i
Mr. GENTRY remarked, that the proposition ;
of the gentleman from Georgia was rather a singu-
lar one. The gentleman proposed to conjoin, to ;
associate three separate, distinct committees to act
m concert upon this subject. He did not know
proposed by the resolution, and opposed to the
reference proposed by the amendment of the gen-
tleman from New Yoik.
He was about to remark that the tariff of 1842,
if he remembered aright, had emanated from the
Committee of Ways and Means. That tariff was
a very good revenue tariff; it was a most excel-
lent pioiective tariff. He had no doubt, however,
but an intelligent committee, whether it was the
Committee of Ways and Means or the Commit-
tee on Manufactures, with the lights of experience
before them, could now make a better revenue
tariff and a better protective tariff. He was not,
therefore, for the resuscitation of the tanff of 1842.
He was not for referring that portion of the Presi-
dent's message which lelated to this subject to the
Committee on Manufactures; but he should sup-
that in his experience on this floor he had ever i port the resolution of the honorable chairman of
heard of such a proposition being made to this
House. It seemed to proceed on the supposition
that one committee upon the revision ol the rev-
enue laws was not competent to look at the effect
which such revision would have upon the agricul-
tural and commercial as well as the manulactunng
interests of the country.
Mr. COBB, with the permission cf the gentle-
man from Tennessee, would very frankly admit,
that his amendment, m its present form, he deemed
impracticable. He had moved it, howevei, for the
purpose of calling the attention of the House and
the country to the impropriety of the reference
proposed by the amendment of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Rumsey,] and to show the pio-
pnety of the reference proposed by the xesolution
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
the Committee of Ways and Means, to give it the
usual refeience, which was the proper one; and
he hoped his friend over the way would withdraw
his motion, and terminate this debate.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, said when
the subject of the tariff bill was under the consider-
ation of Congress between two and three years
rgo, he was one of the few members of the Demo-
cratic party who had protested against its passage.
He had opposed it most conscientiously, foresee-
in?, as he thought, the effects of the change, so
siuiden and radical, in the adoption of a new sys-
tem—0f the establishment of an entire new prin-
ciple—foreseeing, as he belie\ed, that it was going
to have a great effcct upon the future policy of the
country. "He should leave to those of the present
day to decide whether his precautions then were right
