66
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 19,
effect which the tariff would have upon every
branch of industry, without discriminating in favor
of any. They never should have admitted tn the
organization of the committees of this House, that
there was any divergence, any conflict between
the interests of agriculture, commerce, and manu-
factures.
Why desire another reference, then, than that
pointed out by the resolution under considera-
tion ? With all respect to the Committee of
Ways and Means, (probably the strongest com-
itiittee in this House,) and to its honorable
chairman, he recognized, in the amount of busi-
ness before that committee, an absolute im-
possibility for any such early, prompt considera-
tion of this subject by them as ought to be given.
What were they now considering? Not the en-
actment of a tariff. He did not suppose that any
member of this House expected they would enact
a tariff this winter. He would be very unwilling
to take the general subject of the tariff from the
Committee of Ways and Means. What he would
wish done was, to refer that part of the message
which related to protection, to a committee who
would give it thorough, earnest consideration, and
a prompt, respectful reply. The message proposed
no action on this subject. It was a general indict-
ment by a retiring President, on behalf of a defeated
party, against the party which had triumphed, and
the policy which has, in the main, been predominant
since the adoption of the Federal Constitution.
Now, he wanted a committee of the House to take
this subject into consideration, and make a report.
Were tne other side of the House unwilling that
they should have this privilege? This indictment
had gone to every portion of this country; a heavy
number of extra copies had been ordered printed;
it had probably already been read by almost
every voter and it would be by many more.
Now, he thought they ought to have the privilege
of an answer, which could not by any means be
circulated over a quarter of the ground where the
indictment had gone; but which, at any rate, should
stand as the answer of tins House to this indict-
ment of the early Presidents, the early Congresses,
and of almost all the public men from the form-
ation of the Constitution to the present. The first
Congress had openly declared, and almost every
Congress since had directly or indirectly main-
tained, the constitutionality of protection. The
present incumbent of the Presidential chair did not
admit this, butimputed, by plain implication,if not
m words, the most unworthy motives to the Con-
gresses, the Presidents, the Secretaries, the major-
ities of the people who had successively passed
protective tariffs, fie (the President) imputed to
them the purpose of building up an aristocracy in
this country, of favoring one class at the exnense
of another, of oppressing the poor for the ben- '
efit of the rich, of building up as near as might be i
an imitation of the aristocratic system of Europe. '
This was the grave charge which had gone out. \
Ought they not to have the opportunity of an an- >
swerin some way or oilier ? Would the Committee j
of Ways and Means take this matter in charge and
prepare an answer? Would their other duties
permit them to do it? If they would, he was will- I
ing they should-, if not, he was willing that the !
Committee on Agriculture should, or any commit- '
tee who would give the subject that ample investi- 1
gation,nnd that early reply which was demanded. !
But the reference proposed by h's colleague was |
the natural one, because the Committee on" Pvianu- i
factures had had charge of the subject before. 1
That committee reported the tariff of 18:23; the
Committee on Manufactures reported substantially
the tariff of 184*2; afterwards it was recommitted to '
the Committee of Ways and Means, as he should !
wish it now to be done; but the framing o? the bill 1
was done by the Committee on Manufactures, i
Mr. Saltonstol! being their chairman. The tariff
of 1846 wa* not. Why net? Because that tariff ■
was framed by the enemies of protection, and with
the avowed purpose of levying dunes for levenue, ■
not for protection; therefore it was very proper -
that this tarift should have been committed exclu- !
sively to the Committee of Ways and Means. !
He therefore hoped that his respected fiiend, 1
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and '
Means, would consent to let this subject go to !
some other committee of this House, unless he
avowed himself willing and able, in view of the !■
mass of business before that committee, to make !|
a report to this House upon that part of the Presi- "
dent's message which so gravely implicated the
established policy and nearly all the public men of
this country.
Mr. BAYLY said, if this committee had before
had any doubt as to the object of the motion to
refer to the Committee on Manufactures, since the
remarks of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Greeley] they could have that doubt no longer.
That gentleman had explicitly declared that that
motion had not been made with a view of expe-
diting in any respect the business of this House;
: that it had not been made with a view to any Icgis-
j lation upon their part—with a view to which alone
I were the committees of this House raised—but that
' it wa3 to be referred to the Committee on Manu-
' factures, with the view of having them manufacture
j an electioneering document, an official reply to
: the message of the President of the United States.
| Now, he believed that the proper mode of replying
j to that message, if a reply was desired, that the
1 usual and parliamentary mode was by debate in
! this committee. It was one of the objects of re-
j ferring the message to the Committee of the Whole
i on the state of the Union, that it might be ciiti-
cised—that its topics might be discussed—that its
recommendations might be considered. The gen-
tleman from New York avowed that the purpose
was to take this message from this Committee of
the Whole, in which every district of the Union
was represented, and to commit it—where? He
(Mr. B.) objected to the reference of this subject
to the Committee on Manufactures, not only be-
cause that committee was organized in reference
to subjects with which this part of the message
had no legitimate connection, but he objected to it
on the ground of the constitution of that commit-
tee itself. How was that committee constituted?
There were many of the largest and most import-
ant interests of this country which were not re$>-
] resented upon it at all. They had been told by
{ the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
; Means, [Mr. Vinton,] and by almost everybody
j else who had spoken, that in this subject of the
| tariff every interest of the country was concerned.
, That was doubtless true. But how was the Com-
| mittee on Manufactures constituted ?
There was one great interest of this Union, that
j which constituted the great bases of its commerce,
! that, without the existence of which the commerce
, of our country would languish—the cotton inter-
est, which had not a solitary representative on
J that committee. There was another great interest
i of agriculture—that of tobacco, which had not a
| lepresentative on that committee at ah. it was
! true, his honorable colleague from the Kingwood
i district [Mr. Brown] was on that committee; but
| it was known that his district, to a considerable
i extent, was a coal and iron district, although he
! was glad to know that he was a true free-trade
I man. When they came to the great States of the
! West with their hemp, with their pork, and with
. their other vast agricultural products, they were
' represented on that committee only by a gentle-
man f.'om the extreme Northwest. The only
member on that committee from the West at all
was the honorable gentleman from Michigan [Mr. i
Stuart.] There was no man on that committee j
south of western Virginia. There was another 1
interest—the sugar interest, too, was unrepre- j
sented. Then, there was the great commercial ;
: interest, which he regarded, and which all the
political economists of our country had regarded, j
until of late, as second only to our agricultural in- j
tercst—without which our agricultural inteiest :
could not live at all (for it furnished the way of;
getting our agricultural products to market)—that I
interest was not represented. Prom none of the ;
great commercial portions of the countrv was there i
a single member upon that committee. 'Now, was j
Jt possible, when the object was avowed to be the j
getting up of an electioneering document, that all '
these great interests which were concerned, were !
not to be represented upon the committee thatwas I
to manufacture it ? 1
_ lie begged the House to turn to the conslitu- '
tion of that committee, which seemed directed es- 1
pecially to the manufacture of this electioneering j
document. There was at its head—Mr. Andrew |
Stewart, of Pennsylvania; and there weie also Mr. '
Amos Abbott, of Massachusetts; Joseph E. Ed- '!
sail, of New Jersey, John W. Houston, of Dela- I
ware; Charles E. Stuart, of Michigan; Eliakim :!
Sherrill, of New York; William G. Brown, of ji
Virginia; John W. Crisfield, of Maryland; and h'
James H. Johnston, of New Hampshire. Indeed,
it was a committee almost entirely a New England
committee, as contradistinguished from a commit-
tee which should represent the interests of the
great West and the South; and he said not only
because the committee was organized in reference
to the consideration of no subject such as this did
he object, but the constitution of the committee
was an insuperable objection to the reference
sought.
He would not go into any other of the topics
which had been debated. The question of pro-
tection, the expediency and wisdom of the tax iff of
1846—all these subjects, it was probable, at some
time or other, would come up. Whenever they
did, he held himself prepared to vindicate the tariff
of 1846, and to show that it had more than met
the expectations of its friends, and falsified all the
predictions of its enemies.
Mr. MARVIN did not propose to enter into
any discussion in regard to the question of pro-
tection, but to confine himself purely, strictly, to
the question before the committee. He thought—
and he wished to state his reasons for that opin-
ion—that the amendment offered by his colleague
ought to prevail, and that the amendment to the
amendment should not prevail. He read the 4th
resolution, to show the questions whirh it pro-
posed to refer to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and said that the amendment of ins col-
league proposed to refer the question of the tariff
of 1842, and of 1846, to the Committee on Manu-
factures; and the question was, ought it so to be
referred? Why, the whole history of the doctrine
of protection, as it was found among the public
documents of this House, showed most conclu-
sively that to no other committee could that sub-
ject with propriety be referred. Let them look a
moment to the history of the proceedings of this
House touching this subject of protection; for let
it be remembered, that the President of the Lnited
States, in his message lately communicatcd to this
House, had gone into an elaborate argument for
the purpose of showing that duties imposed with
a view to protection are unconstitutional; that they
are constitutional only when imposed with a view
to revenue.
Now wc knew there were two classes of opin-
ions held by statesmen in this country in reference
to this great subject; we knew our country was
divided in regard to it; and the President had of-
fered us a long argument for the purpose of sus-
taining those views which had governed him during
his administration of the Government. To what
committee, then, was it proper, according to the
usage of this House, to assign the duty of taking
up and examining the President's argument' Let
them look for a moment to the history of this
House, so far as the doctrine of protection was
concerned. Why, a bill was passed in 1310, early
after the late war with Great Britain, that was re-
garded as a bill for protection: that was its osten-
sible object. But from whom did that bill emanate ?
From the Committee on Commerce and Manufac-
tures.
The gentleman from Georgia had said there was
a great intimacy between manufactures, agricul-
ture, and commerce. So said Congress at that
time—so said the House of Representatives, that
there was so rlose a connection between the inter-
ests of manufactures and commerce, that, in deter-
mining whether duties ought to be imposed with a
view to theencouragementof manufactures, a per-
fect knowledge of the commerce of the country
was necossary. Hence, it was one committee
only which embraced the subjects of commerce
and manufactures. By that committee the tariff of
1316 was reported. That committee had the
charge of the subject of protection for a series of
years. But by and by the whole country became
anxious to see this subject thoroughly reused;
the country, in vnriotis parts, called for a bill to
protect the manufacturing interests of the country
—not so much to protect the manufacturing inter-
ests of the country as such, but because the only
way they could reach and protect the great interest
which overspread the whole country—he meant
the agricultural interest—was through the manu-
facturing interest. Hence there was an uprising
inall parts of the country, and a hill was called for,
for the protection of the home interests of the coun-
try, as the only way to reach the overwhelming
interest of agriculture. Did not the name of that
distinguished citizen of Pennsylvania recur to
