68
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 20,
IN SENATE.
Wednesday y December 20, 1848.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a report from the Secretary of the Senate,contain~
ing a statement of the disbursements from the con-
tingent fund of the Senate; which was ordered to
be printed.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, the
bill for the relief of George Poindexter was recom-
mitted to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. BRIGHT presented the petition of Samuel
O. Davis, a revolutionary soldier, praying to be
allowed an increase of pension; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions.
Mr. ATHFRTON presented the petition of John
A. Webber, United States military storekeeper at
Watertown, Massachusetts, asking compensation
for extra services; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. ;i
Mr. DIX presented the petition of J. W. Nye, ||
asking compensation for public lots leased to him ■ <
and now required to be surrendered; which was Ji
referred to the Committee on Public Buildings. !;
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, presented the ji
memorial of Benedict Heard, asking compensation j[
for the destruction of property by the enemy in lj
1814; which was referred to the Committee on |j
Claims. j[
Mr. FOOTE presented the petition of the receiv- j
ers and registers of the public lands in the State of jj
Mississippi, asking compensation for extra ser- jj
vices in making out land warrants; which was [j
referred to the Committee on Public Lands. |j
On motion of Mr. KING, the petition of Hugh l|
Wallace was taken from the files of the Senate and I;
referred to the Committee on Pensions. |j
Mr. DOWNS, pursuant to notice, asked and j'
obtained leave to introduce a joint resolution to
authorize the Secretary of the Navy to contract for !j
carrying the mail from New Orleans to Vera Cruz; ij
which was read a first and second time, as fol- I
lows: \\
Resolved, That it shall be the duty of the Secretary of 11
the Navy lo contract, on behalf of the'Government of the
Untied States, for th<  transportation of the United Sutfc?
mails fiom Now Orleans, (La.,) to Wra Cruz, m Mexico,
twicc a week and back, touching, if practicable, each way,
ar Galveston and Matagorda Ray, (Texas,) and Tampieo, m
Mexico; the said mails to be" transported in at least two
steamships, of not less than eight hundred tons burden, and
of ample povvei ; each to bo constructed under the direction
of a naval constructor in the employ ot the Navy Depart-
ment; and to be so constructed as to he roriveitible into
war Meamer* al the Ica-t possible cost; and that each ot
*airi steamships shall nvcivp on board, and provide suitable
accommodations lor, without charge to the Govei runout, one
naeni, to be appointed by the Postmas-ler General, who fchall
havp oh.:r«c of rJio mail- to bo ti.inspnrtcd in .sud steam-
ship? • Prowled, That the term of ^rvice afore-aid shall
not be for le^ than ten years, and the compensation for the
same shall riot «'.\eetd S'lSO,000 per annum, and that suffi-
cient ^nritv hi« inquired for the faithful fulfillment of the
stipulations of t p contract: Provided, further, That tlie
Secretary of tfm Navy shall ho authorized (in view of an
eaily commencement of the soviet* hereby contemplated)
to accept for a period not to pveeed two vear<, ftom July
1849, the service of two suitable steam-dop^. to be received
after bums inspected by a proper officer designated by the
Navy Department tor that purpose.
Mr. DOWNS moved that the joint resolution
be referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, presuming that this was the appro-
priate committee
Mr. YDLEE suggested that its more appropri- j
ate reference would be to the Committee on Naval
Affairs. The subject of the employment of steam- I
ers in the transportation of mails was now before [
that committee. If the subject was now sent to j
another committee, it might lead to a confusion of j
policy. All the bills of this character proposed to j
place these mail steamers under the charge of the i
Secretary of the Navy. He would therefore move I
the reference of the joint resolution to the Com- j
mittee on Naval Affairs; which motion was
agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON, pursuant to notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a joint resolution for
the relief of the heirs of George Simpson; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. UNDERWOOD gave notice that he would
to-morrow, or on some subsequent day, ask le'ave
t0i^.r0nUAC?rTObi11 for.th? relief of Theodore Offutt.
Mr. WAVlb, of Mississippi, gave notice that he
would to-morrow, or on some subsequent day,
ask for leave to introduce a bill to grant a right of
way and a donation of lands to the State of Mis-
sissippi for certain purposes.
Mr. WESTCOTT moved that he might be
excused from servingon the Committee on Claims;
and he was accordingly excused, and Mr. Fitz-
patkick was appointed in his room.
On motion of Mr. DOUGLAS, the bill for the
establishment of a territorial government in Min-
esota, and the bill for the establishment of a terri-
torial government in Nebraska, were recommitted
to the Committee on Territories.
The following resolution, ofFered by Mr.
Foote, was taken up:
Resolved, That the resolution of the Senate, authorizing
the Vice President to appoint the superintendent of the
anteroom, be, and the same is heieby, rescinded; and that
the superintendent now in charge be continued, at his pres-
ent compensation, under the authority of the Sergeant-at-
arm<5.
Mr. FOOTE, in explanation of the resolution,
stated that it had been introduced last session by
the .Senator from North Carolina, [Mr. Badger,]
and was then objected to, because there existed
some difficulties between the Sergeant-at-arms and
the youns; gentleman who had charge of the ante-
room. Since that time, these differences had been
obviated, and the parties were reconciled.
^ Mr. HALE said he had received applications
similar in their character from other individuals,
in which he had declined interference, not consid-
ering them as proper subjects to occupy the time
of the Senate. Fie moved to lay the resolution on
the table; but the motion was negatived, and the
resolution was agreed to.
Mr. NILES submitted the following resolution,
which lies over for consideration :
ResoM, That the Secretary of the Treasury inform the
Senate whaf construction has been given to the revenue act
of 1846. m respect to duties acciuing and collected on im-
portations oil which a bounty is pan! on their exportation by
any foreign country; and particularly, whether the amount
of*such bounty has been deducted fiorn the invoice or valu-
ation of «sneh imports at the place from whonce imported.
On motion of Mr. NILES, the bill (of last ses-
sion) to reduce the rates of postage, was taken from
the tabic, and recommitted to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
PUBLIC LANDS.
On motion of Mr. BREESE, the bill to reduce
and graduate the price of public lands, and for
other purposes, was taken up, and postponed until
the second Monday in January, and made the
special order for that day.
CANADA GOODS.
On motion of Mr. DIX, the bill to admit cer-
tain articles of the growth or production of Cana-
da into the United States free of duty, upon the
condition that like articles of the growth or pro-
duction of the United States, are admitted into
Canada free of duty, was taken up, and postponed
until the 4th day of January next, and made the
special order for that day.
The adverse report of the Committee on Claims
on the petition of Arnold Naudain was considered
and concurred in.
The adverse report of the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, on the petition of Gustavus E.
Hamer, was taken up, and, on motion of Mr.
JOHNSON of Louisiana, was laid over for the
present.
REPORT PROM COMMITTEE.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Commerce,
reported a bill to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to issue a new register or enrolment to
the vessel Anne Lift.
The bill was then read a first and second time,
and, on motion of Mr. DIX, was subsequently
read a third time, and passed.
RESOLUTIONS OF THANKS.
The resolution giving the thanks of Congress to
Brigadier General Price (from last session) was
taken up for consideration as in Committee of the
Whole, and reported to the Senate, without amend-
ment.
Mr. HALE asked if the present of a sword,
which was embraced in this joint resolution, was
the usual accompaniment of a vote of thanks. If I
not, he saw no reason for its insertion in this re-
solution.
Mr. ATCHISON said, that a resolution had been
reported last session giving the thanks of Congress
and swords to Brigadier General Price and Colonel I
Doniphan. But h€ knew nothing of the origin or '
existence of this joint resolution. Perhaps the
Senator from Mississippi could give some inform-
ation .
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, said he knew noth-
ing of this joint resolution.
ADGER asked if it was usual to fix the
price of the sword. He perceived that 500 dollars
was named in the joint resolution.
Mr. YULEE suggested that it would be as well
to refer the joint resolution to the Committee on-
Military Affairs.
On motion of Mr. BADGER, the joint resolu-
tion was then recommitted to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
The joint resolution giving the thanks of Con-
gress to Colonel Doniphan (from last session)
was then taken up for consideration as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. ATHERTON asked the Senator from Mis-
souri if he did not understand him as saying thai
the subject of this resolution was embraced in the
joint resolution of last session to which he had
referred?
Mr. ATCHISON replying in the affirmative—
Mr. ATHERTON moved to recommit the joint
resolution to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. HALE said he hoped the committee would
report all these matters back in a single batch, and
not bring them before the Senate piecemeal.
The motion was then agreed to, and the joint
resolution was recommitted to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
LANDS TO ALABAMA AND FLORIDA.
The bill to grant the right of way and a donation
of public lands to theStatesofAlabamaand Florida,
for making a railroad from Montgomery, in the
State of Alabama, to Pensacola, in Florida, and
from thence to the waters of the Tensaw river, on
Mobile Bay, in the State of Alabama, was then
taken up for consideration as in Committee of the
Whole.
On motion of Mr. KING, the bill was laid on
the table for the present, to allow time for further
examination.
The bill concerning pilots (from last session)
being taken up on its second reading-—
On motion of Mr. DIX, no objection being
made, the bill was passed over informally.
SPECIAL ORDER.
The VICE PRESIDENT then called up the
special order, being the bill to grant compensation
in aid of the construction of a railroad across the
Isthmus of Panama.
Mr. WESTCOTT remarked, that as the Sena-
tor from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] who had charge
of this bill was not now in his seat, he would ask
the Senate that the bill be informally passed over*
No objection being made? the bill was passed
over informally.
THE EVERGLADES OF FLORIDA.
Mr. WESTCOTT moved that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill to authorize
the draining of the Everglades, in the State of
Florida, and to grant the same to said State for
that purpose; which had been made the special1
order for this day.
The motion being agreed to, the Senate proceed-
ed to the consideration of said bill; which was
read.
Mr. WESTCOTT. My reason for asking the
early action of the Senate upon this bill is, that, if
it passes Congress, it requires, before it can have
any efficacy, that the stipulations in it connected
with the grant of lands it makes to the State of
Florida must be accepted by express law passed
by the State Legislature. The sessions of the
State Legislature are only biennial. It is now in
session, but will probably adjourn in January, and
will not again convene ull November, 1850.
I will not detain the Senate by a detail of the
reasons which should induce Congress to make
this grant for the objects and with the conditions
prescribed in the bill. They are fully and lucidly
set forth in the report of the Committee on the
Public Lands, in the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, and in the report of the Commissioner of
Public Lands, and the documents accompanying
those reports; all of which I have caused to be
laid on the desks of Senators tins morning. All
those reports recommend the cession or grant, and
in the form and manner prescribed in this bill.
The interests of the United States are guarded and
