1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
protected fully bv the conditions so prescribed, it-A  •
They were suggested by those whose duty it i« to ! the werelaSw nnfil thl COntlSu°US, to
see to the protection of those interests, and I fully ;j bids the idea of their ev~ ' *** ImPr?ved' for"
69
acquiesce in the propriety of every one of them." :i s0W ~Thpv*™M h Tr. h sftllecl aPon Gr
1 cresurne there is no Senator who has read thP i' fu •' y enhanced in value so soon as
1.1 It "Z"*T°f«ZV° i?,-!®?.': i? .' ^.improvements are made. The timber on them
documents I have referred to who is not fully sat-
isfied that the entire territory proposed to be grant- 1
ed to the State is now utterly valueless to > the :
United States. Why, sir, your surveyor general ■'
has reported officially that in its present situation, ;
will render most of them then worth perhaps the
minimum price of public lands. In this bill, one-
naif, m alternate sections, is reserved to the United
states of these lands.
and without teing drained, as it is -the object of ! the obims^'f Prescribes
this bill to effect, it is not only so worthless'that it i if it accents thee-rfnt the ohlimf' 011 H"3 s'ate>
would not pay the cost of eurSey but, in fact, that jl *„
taiueui'rdS.n of 11 canno1 be SU1 veycd at aU;; Ss.rsr thr fe pree5:
, Therejs a map of the lands, prepared at the jj ditions imposed sLre such zppnpnatLofthZi
jj proceeds. Those conditions are  !
ij . That the State shall appoint a competent en- I
gineer and commence the work, which is specifi- ;
jl cally described, before 1st January, 1851, and";
' it within ten years; and that, " if practica-
*would request Senators to look. Nearly the whole
region is a vast lake of fresh water—a prairie cov-
ered with water during all seasons, from three to
^six feet deep. This water is chiefly supplied from
Lake Okecliobee, which is at the northern end of
the grant proposed to be made. It is proposed to
cut large and deep canals from this lake to the
-waters of the Gulf on the west side and the waters
of the Atlantic on the east side, and also to cut
smaller canals or drams through t.ie rim of soft
limestone rock by which the Everglades are sep-
ble, a communication for vessels shall be made ■'
by the proposed canals between the Gulf and At- ,
lantic waters."
2. That theState shall not alien, transfer, pledge, :
or mortgage, ur otheiwise dispose of any of the ■ <
lands, except to effect the " full and faithful fulfil]-
mentof the first condition, and the entire avails
arated from the Gulf and the Florida straits and ji and proceeds shall be exclusively and surredly ap-
xhfi Afinntip. Ufpfln. In nnrltf^n In tnPKA pwr ni® !'  i  1 . ,, , ... * t
residue will yet remain inundated, and whether
those reclaimed or not will turn out to be as valu-
able as is anticipated by some, is quite doubtful.
Mr. iilNbr observed that he would call the
n ^'0r.Kft«hASe'mtIorfrorn Flor'dato the phrase-
ology of the fifth condition, which, if not corrected,
might bear the construction that the thirty-six
sections there described were in lieu of all the sis*,
teen sections in the State.
Mr. WESTCOTT. I thank the Senator for
I directing my attention to the error he pointed out,
w WL1?i Pr,esume was a typographical error,
j and which will be corrected.
ra^U 'TTirU^"'£'E' understand from my colleague
[Mr. Westcott] that it is his intention to defer
final action on this bill, and that he desires to hear
stated an objections to its passage which Senators
may entertain. Not having been consulted in rela-
tion to this biM, I had not given it any attention till
a ,ew days since, when, for the first time, f was '
requested to examine it. On examination, I found
the bill very objectionable to my mind, so much
so tnat I have some doubt whether I shall give it
my vote. &
My colleague has given considerable time and
labor to the subject, and, for one, I thank him for
having devoted his talents and labors to its inves-
tigation. I think it would be very desirable that
the lands specified in this bill should be improved,
that the^T 1-v.ok„ 1 _ ._J i i , r ,
Jherfmult FeTcd "etems° ma'dl bythe ji P7^l ofanv !i "T *7 brough^S^Iu!
purchasers of the drained lands or rather by asso- |j of the lands shall be made for less than one dollar |! eleme"msTfU wealth °aid gre&tly l°f
oations of such purchasers, or by trie State, with (; and a quarter per acre. I! h i wealth and to. the resources of the
the sole view of enhancing the value of the lands ! I 4. Until the President shall nnthnrirp it in I ° .? C0LI"l'T. 'twould give us several millions
for agricultural purposes In this lespect the un- jj writing, no entry or encroachment shall be made i| troo^'cHrnate stch •" Je?'6 a S"'Cdy
dertak.n? ls ),ke that of leveemg the banks ot the i on the lands on which the Seminole Indians reside ij portion of the Union Vi ll i "?W
Mississippi river. These are improvements which |! within said grant. - H ?? union, i would be in favor, sir,
it is out of the question to suppose can be done by j 5. The sixteenth section, or school section, in ! •— ■- S"P.?°rt WUh great.fead'ness any meas-
the Federal Government, and especially by your
engineer officers. If attempted to be so made, mil
each township may be located by the Legislature
i on another section, so as to secure in each town- !
iions may be squandered to no good end. They ship a valuable section for school purposes.
£T F\ A 1)1 /I U rt n /] n U «■ vs Uft nliAO I  *i^ jS h n A c« lln I toil .1.1 lis ' 1 / \ I 1 A /t . I '
•should be made by practical men acquainted witn
the country, interested in it, and in its agricultural !
prosperity, and it is best that it should be under j
the control of the State. I do not suppose that '
the State will undertake the work itself, but i sup- j
pose it can readily make arrangements on highly j
favorable terms, with individuals or associations, i
to undertake it under conditions, securing against j
speculation on the one hand, and with guarantees ij
against failure to accomplish what may be done, ;!
on the other hand. !
Vbe lands should be conditionally disposed of
as the work progresses, and the conditions in each i
case should be such as the circumstances—its !
location and character—call for to secure the keep- 1
ing up of the impro\ements hereafter. Besides, j
there are those who conscientiously believe Con- j
gress has no constitutional power to undertake {
euch works,even on the public lands, and I frankly !
concede such are iny convictions. The idea of!
the United States undertaking this work has never I
been entertained by jne. Pass a law, and what '
will be the result? Thousands of dollars will be j
squandered in reconnoissances, and surveys, and
6. One-half of the surveyed lands in grant re- !
served by United States. State to have the right j
of way. President to reserve within two years |
lands for lighthouses, forts, arsenals, docks, navy- :
yards, or other public works, &c. Grant not to I
affect Spanish grants now or hereafter confirmed, '
or lands bought of the United States at public sale
U£6r^ «Ci S^-a'* ProP?se to relinquish to the State
of Florida either this /and—if Congress should
Pr1ffer to confine its action to this land—or all lands
which are now overflown, and whicfj cannot be
reduced to agricultural purposes without the ex-
pense of canalhng and draining. 1 think all lands
which require draining should be ceded to the
States within the limits of which they happen to
be located. A measure of this? sort has been long
urged upon the attention of Congress, and, I think,
has been brought forward on one or two occasions
Z P,iIf 'ry* °r dlonatlon or Preemption right ; heretofore, and, jf I am not mistaken, has passed
or rights under armed occupation acts. ; the Senate. A simitar measure was proposed in
7. After work is finished, residue of avails of relation to the wet lands in the State of Arkansas,
lands to be invested as a permanent perpetual fund, ;| and I believe received the general assent of Con-
the interest of which is to be expended tor purposes ;'  
of education in the territory granted.,
8. No tolls or charges for United States vessels ■
or property of any kind, or mails, or troops, (fee., i
through canals. All tolls to be fixed by State .
Legislatures, and applied to keeping said woiks ;|
in repair. ij
9. The surveys of the lands are to conform to ;!
those of the United States as far as practicable. I;
But I will not go further into this subject. My
object is not to press this bill to-day. i desire to
attract the notice
gress.
if my colleague would reduce his bill to a single
section—the first—making an unconditional cession
to the Stale of Florida of these unreclaimed lands,
I would vote very^ readily for it. But my objec-
tion to his bill in its present shape is, that it is
clogged with conditions which it would be'impoli-
tic on the part of Congress to prescribe, and wnich
it would be inexpedient on the part of the State to
accept. In fact, the conditions would make the
grant utterly valueless. I ihtnk the simple course
would be, by a single section to cede to the State
of Florida these lands, leaving her to adopt such
rules and regulations in regard to their reclamation
as she may deem the most consistent with her
own interests, trusting to her own activity and en-
ergy, necessarily stimulated by the advantages and
of Senators to the subject, in ;
order, when it m again called up, they may be ,
reports, and maps, and plans, and estimates! and !| prepared to vote upon it. If any objections are j
eiphering of all kinds, which will take some four :l entertained, f hope Senators will now express j
or five years, and then, if the work is commenced, i{ them. I desire to furnish any explanations that!
enough probably to effect its completion will be ;! ^ay be asked for. ,     -
expended in traveling expenses and contingencies, !! Mr. NILES. I would inquire of the honorable pmiits which she will derive from them.
and in getting ready to do it, and then there must i Senator as to the extent of the area conveyed by | It is probable, sir, that the conditions contained
be steamboats and other expensive apparatus pro- this grant—whether under water or not? , in this bill may have been imposed by the com-
vided; and though it may be done in a very scien- ': Mr. WEfeTCO I*T. It is fully set forth in the i; mittee which reported it> but they seem to me to
tific style, some ten or fifteen years hence, U will 1! Commissioner's report, page G, which I will advert jj be altogether impolitic.
cost more than it will be worth when it is done. I r t0; Within the grant, there is now always covered j I have no hesitation m saying that the unoondi-
hopeeven if this bill fails, the Federal Government i with water, and which estimate includes rivers, jj tional grant of these lands to the State of Florida
will not undertake to do this work. , lagoons, sounds, the large lake Okechobee, from 't would be altogether profitable on the part of the
Senators are requested to notice two facts set ; thirty-tive to forty miles in diameter, and other 1 Federal Government, and in every respect politic.
lakes south of the northern line ot the "rant, and These lands are now, and must continue to be,
| which it is not proposed to drain or reclaim, and " utterly unavailable and valueless. Not only val-
I which cannot be reclaimed, and including also
1 the everglades at Atseenahooffa and Haipauokee
4Ju0,0Ul>
forth in the documents appended to the report of
the committee: i
1. That if the work is successfully effected, '
some hundreds of thousands of acres of the most '
the proposed grant, and north of it, and the entire
benefit of their being reclaimed will inure to the
United States. I refer to General Jesup's letter,
on page 43, and to the committee's report, page 2, !
on this point.
2. That while about one million of acres of i
lands in the grant have been surveyed several j
years since, only 360 acres have yet been sold, |
These lands are poor pine barrens, except in lim- *
,000
409.318 into tovvhsliips, iiio>U> worthless pine
bairens  l,(Xk),000
Tnereisjet unsurvejeri worthfe&s s-aftd bartons,
reported as not worth surs eying, about  1,^00,000
Whole area of land and water m grant  7,i00,0t)0
Of the first item of 4,300,000, which include the
everglades and Atseenahooifa and Halpattokee
swamps, all the lands that it is estimated can be
reclaimed do not exceed one million of acres. The
ueless as a source of profit to the United States,
and for purposes of settlement and agriculture, but
| they leave the military defences of the country in
a very unsatisfactory and precarious condition.
• These lands comprise a very essential and important
. part of the possessions of the country. Perhaps
; there is not a more important point on the whole
, continent than the peninsula of Florida; but its use
j for military purposes is entirely obstructed by the
| circumstance that nearly all the lands intervening
i between the line of coast on either side of the Gulf
j of Mexico and the Atlantic are always covered
! with water, and are not tra\enable even by boats,
i not being covered with water to a sufficient depth
