70
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 20,
to enable boats to pass with much facility or any
degree of certainty from one side of the peninsula
to the other. Consequently, these lands are per-
fectly useless. They may possibly be reduced to
use; and, if they can be reclaimed, the military
defences of the country will be greatly strength-
ened and its wealth greatly increased by the pop-
ulation, which will, by this means, in all proba-
bility. be added to the peninsula. This measure
will add not only to the strength, and dignity, and
wealth of the State within the boundaries of which
these lands lie, but to the strength, and dignity,
and wealth of the general Union, of which that
State is a member.
I trust, sir, that when this bill is brought for-
ward again, it will be reduced to a single clause of
cession, unrestricted by conditions, and especially
by those which now clog this grant; for those con-
ditions, I think, will oblige me to withhold my
support from the bill, because it is my opinion
that it would be altogether inexpedient on the part
of the State to accept the grant clogged by these
conditions.
I will not now specify the several points of ob-
jection which 1 make to the clauses of this bill.
They are all objectionable, and especially that one
which restricts the price at which these lands may
be sold to the minimum price of $1 25 per acre,
and attempts to direct the manner and limit the
time of sale. I think all these restrictions are un-
wise, and that they will render the grant perfectly
valueless.
Mr. WESTCOTT. I confess I am somewhat
surprised at the course of my colleague as to this
bill, and especially at the extiaoidinary objections
he urges to it. I do not hesitate to say, that I pre-
fer the stipulations and conditions presented in this
bill to an unconditional grant to the State, i have
once before declared on this floor, that, anxious as
I am for the United States to get rid of the public
lands, and disposed to grant it in all cases to set-
tlers without price, J do not regard it as wise, with
reference either to the United States or to a State,
to make, in any case, an unconditional grant to a
State. Such grant generally creates in a State a
fund for speculators and jobbers, pecuniary and
political, to plunder from. They will seek to di-
vert and pervert it to selfish purposes, and very
likely succeed; and the State, or citizens generally,
do not derive much benefit from it. The only
preventive is, restrictions and conditions in the
grant; and these often fail. I hope every grant to
my State hereafter made will specify the objects,
and contain stipulations securing their being ef-
fected, and to prevent the funds being pen cried.
Sir, my object by this bill is not to ask a favor,
a boon for my State. I am not begging for aims
in her behalf from Congiess. I am not seeking
to fill the coffers of her tieasury by the sale of
these lands. I declare to you, sir, I should regard
as a curse upon the State any measure of the kind.
The primary, the great object I wish to attain, is
he reclaiming of these now worthless inundated
lands in South Florida, to make them cultiva-
ble, make them susceptible of producing sugar,
and what no other part of the Union can pro-
duce, tropical plants; cause them to be filled with
an industrious agricultural population, and thus,
while they will add to the wealth and prosperity
of my State, the independence of other sections
of foreign countries as to those products will be
increased, a-nd the security of an important fion-
tier naval and military position strengthened. I
seek nothing tnat will not as much benefit other
portions of the United States as it will my
own State. If these lands are reclaimed, and
should be worth millions upon millions, not a dol-
lar goes into the State treasury of Florida; all
belongs to the citizens on the lands, and are to be
devoted to educational purposes there and nowhere
else. I repeat, my colleague seems to mistake the
great object of this bill, it is to secure the reclaim-
ing of the lands, and nothing more. I do not seek
the grant to the State to make a pecuniary specu-
lation out of the work. The conditions are in-
serted to prevent any possible effort to divert or I
pervert any portion of the proceeds of the lands j
to any object or purpose but that of reclaiming the •
lands, and inducing their speedy settlement. It is !
not to furnish an internal improvement fund for I
any other section of the State. {
1 regret that my colleague did not particularize j
but one of the conditions that he obiected to, but 1
contented himself with denouncing them generally. I
I wish he had done otherwise, as I think I could
readily have removed any objections he could have
made to them. As to his objection to the third
condition, which provides that no sale shall be
made of any of the lands undes one dollar and a
quarter per acre till the work is completed, it is a
good restriction. After the work is finished, the
sales can'be for fifty or twenty-five cents, if deemed
proper. But, before such completion, it is neces-
sary to pievent jobbers and speculators from ob-
taining the lands Under a fair price by any of the
many pretences always readily preferred. Such
sum is a fair price in that region for even the
pool est kind of land, if it is at all fit for cultiva-
tion, on account of lumber on it. If the land is
worth anytltiag, it is worth that sum. While the
United Slates own lands contiguous to these, it
should not, in reference to its own interests, allow,
until it decreases its minimum price, the sale of
lands it grants below such priee. The effect will
be to secuie the lands from being sacrificed befoie
the work is done. "Without this lestriction the
price may be fixed by contractors and others in-
fluenced by interested motives to have it below the
value of the land. Besides, when it is found that
this restriction operates injuriously, it will be time
enough to have it stricken out.
This bill binds the State, as I have said, to hon-
estly and faithfully appropriating ali the funds raised
out of these lands to this improvement, and when
it is done the residue is to be converted as an edu-
cation fund for the benefit of those who purchase
the lands. I have no idea of permitting the State
to appiy any money that may be maue by this
work, to its public woiks or improvements else-
where in the State, or to pay it into its treasury
generally. It would be unjust to make South
Florida pay lor the public works of the other sec-
tions in this way. There are different projects m
different sections of every State for canals and rail-
roads, and so forth, and I dare say those interested
would like to have capital furnished by such mode.
I can imagine in my own State that there are those
who would like the everglades or any other lands
given to construct some work they feel interested
in outsiue of this giant. We aie all too apt to be
selfish in such matteis. Florida had a large dona-
tion given her for internal improvements when ad-
mitted as a State, and my judgment is, that it will
be so managed, and the elfectot the selfish struggles
to get hold of the proceeds of these lands will be,
that it will never do the State much good. Hence, in
this bill I have carefully stipulated that every cent
raised from these lands shall be expended for the
citizens who purchase and reside on them. 1 re-
peat, sir, 1 would vote against an unconditional
grant of these or any othci lands to any State, even
my own; but all know such bill would stand no
chance of favorable success here. No such bill
can pass Congress. A grant without conditions,
or not stating its object, or for internal improve-
ments generally, would be the creation, as I said
on a fuimer occasion, of a corruption fund in the
State. Surely my colleague must be aware of the
fate of all pastapplications to Congress with respect
to lands situated in some respects as these ever-
glades are. The Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Benton,] not in his seat to-day, for twenty-five
yeais has sought to get such a law passed with
respect to worthless sunken lands in Missouri; the
Senator from Arkansas [Mr. Borland] tried a
bill of the same kind last session; the Senator from
South Carolina [Mr. Calho.cn] advocated such
measure in his celebrated Memphis report; the
present Secretary of the Treasury, [Mr. Walker,]
while ill the Senate, sought for successive years to
get such a law; the delegation from Louisiana, for
seveial sessions, have been asking for such law;
and it cannot be got through both Houses. The
difficulty of details being made, in a general law,
to suit all the cases is insuperable. Unless such
law secures the action of the State to effect the re-
claiming of the lands, it is useless, perfectly useless,
I had as lief the United States owned these worth-
less lands as anybody else, if they are to remain
worthless. The object of every cession should be
to secure the reclaiming of the lands. It is not
alone for the benefit of Florida that they should be 1
reclaimed. The Union are deeply interested in
the navigation through the canal across the penin-
sula the bill secures; in the productions the re-
claimed region,and none other in the United States,
can rear; and in the increase of strength to a frontier
position important in a naval and military point of
view. This is what I seek to accomplish. If i
desiied a stipend for my State, I would ask it at
once from the treasury rather than try to attain it
indirectly though these lands. I hope my colleague
will state his objections hereafter more fully and
particularly, when I will endeavor to answer them.
Unless some Senator desires to say something, J
will now ask that this bill may be passed over in-
formally till to-morrow, that Senators may read
the documents.
Mr. FITZPATR1CK. Being a new member, my
attention has not been directed to the bill reported
at the last session, and I have only seen the report
and documents this morning. I should prefer to
have time to examine the documents, and hope
that the bill will be passed over for a day or two
to enable me to do so, as I understand the Senator
from Florida [Mr. Westcott] advocating it is
willing that such a course should be taken.
Mr/YULEE. I desire to say that it was no!
my purpose to throw any impediment in the way
of this bill; on the contrary, I shall be lather dis-
posed to facilitate its progress. My purpose is
simply to state the views which I entertain m rela-
tion to the subject,and the policy that will govern
my course in regard to ail applications of this kind,
I do not feel disposed to act in regard to my own
State in a manner in which I would not act in re-
gaid to all others. I shall be governed by genera}
rules which 1 hav&prescribed for myself, and from
them I shall not depart.
The bill was then passed by informally.
COLLECTION DISTRICT I^~ NEW YORK.
Mr. DIX asked the Senate to take up the bill to
establish a collection district in the State of New
York, which came from the House last session.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was
taken up for consideration as in Committee of the
Whole, and reported as amended in committee.
Mr. UPHAM said his colleague had some ob-
jection to make; but as he was absent, he moved
to postpone the further consideration of the bill
until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
The Senate then proceeded to consider the bill
for the relief of E. J. Fontaine; which was takenup
as m Committee of the Whole.
[This was a claim for services rendered in tfte
building of a light-house at Key West. The pe-
titioner executed more work than was required by
the contract; and the collector being removed, the
extra work was not allowed. Subsequently, the
executive officers became satisfied of the justice of
the claim, and recommended its payment. The
committee, however, only reported a compensation
of £1,000, the sum named in the bill.]
The bill was reported without amendment; and
was then read a third time and passed.
On motion of Mr. CAMERON, the Senate took
up for consideration the bill for the relief of E. K.
Mellan, which was considered as m Committee of
the Whole, and was ordered to a third reading.
The bill was then passed.
On motion of Mr. BUTLER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 20, 1848.
Another member appeared anil took his seat,
viz: from the State of South Carolina, Mr. Rich-
ard F. Simpson.
PETITIONS.
Petitions and memorials (the States being called
for the purpose) were presented by Messrs. John-
son of Arkansas, Smith of Illinois, Evans of Ohio,
and Gregory.
Oil motion of Mr. IVERSON, the petition of
Isaac Beall, for the claim for the revolutionary ser-
vices of his father, Thomas Beall, and accompa-
nying papers, were referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
On motion of Mr. GREEN, the petition and
papers relating to the claim of Reuben Gentry and
others, now on the files of the House, were referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
On motion of Mr. McCLERNAND, the memo-
rial of Hannah Munday and Jane Hammer, heirs,
