1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
71
&c., of Leah Munday, deceased, was referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
On motion of Mr. SMITH, of Illinois, the pa-
pers in tiie case of Captain William P. Lamothe,
praying compensation for carrying,the mail be-
tween the cities of St. Louis and Alton, and also
the papers in the case of Mark Dickson, for arrears j
of pay for carrying the United States mail, were
taken from the files of the House and referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
On motion of Mr. SMITH, of Illinois, the pa-
pers in the case of Thomas Allen, of St. Louis, ,
Missouri, were taken from the files of the House, ]
and referred to the Committee on Claims. Also, j
the papers in the case of Charles F. Jackson, late .
deputy inspector of the city of Philadelphia, be j
taken from the files of the House, and referred to
the Committee on Claims. i
BILLS INTRODUCED. j
By Mr. WENTWORTH, in pursuance of pre- j
vious notice: A bill for the relief of Martin 0. I
Walker; which was read twice, and referred to '
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. FRENCH: A bill for the relief of Joseph
Decret. Referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. VINTON, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported the following bill, which was
read twice, and committed to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed, and made the special older for Wed-
nesday next:
A BILL to provide for carrying into execution, in part, the
twelfth article of the treaty with Mexico, concluded at
Gaudalupe Hidalgo.
He it enacted by the Semite and House oj Representatives of
the United States ofJlmeriea in Oongress assembled, That the
following sums of money be, and the same are hereby, ap-
propriated out of anv money in the treasury not otherwise
appropriated, for the purpose of carrying into execution, in
part, the twelfth article of the treaty between the United
States and Mexico, made and concluded at Guadalupe
Hidalgo, on the 3d of February, A D. IMS.
For payment of the instalment and interest which will fall
due under said article on the 30th day of May, A. D. 1849,
the sum of tlnee millions seven hundied and twenty thou-
sand dollars, (^3,720,01).).)
For payment of the instalment and interest which will
fall due under said article on the 30th day of May, A. D.
1850, the sum of three millions five hundred and forty
thousand dollars, (.s.'3.540,000.)
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported the following resolution,
which was read and agreed to;
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs he in-
structed to inquire whether any alteration is necessary in
our consular sA's-tem in the Chinese and Turkish empires; A
and also, whether any of our consuls, or the houses wit.i .
which thev are connected, have been or are engaged in any
tiade in violation of the laws of either of said empires; \
with vowel to send for persons and papais, and leport by
bill or otherwise ,j
territorial government. !!
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, from the Committee :j
on the Territories, reported a bill to establish the ^
Territorial Government of Upper California, which
was read and committed. ^
[The following is a synopsis of the bill: j
The nr t section of this bill provides foi the organization
of "the Teriitory of Upper California." That nothing In
this act shall impair the rights ot the Indians ol the countiy,
or of the General Government, to make any legulations
re-pectin« such Indians. Also, that tins act shall not be i
construed to prohibit the Government from dividing said tei-
uton ill such maniiei and when Congiess may choose.
The second section piovidus tor the appointment of
Governor in the usual way, and for toui) i*ars ; gives hull
the usual duties to pel form, with the unties and emoluments
as Superintendent of Indian Att.uis.
Section three pi nudes lor a Tentorial Secretary, to 1 old
his office for fiveyeais,unless soonei removed, and devolves
the iwiai duties upon him. , ~
Section four provides for a Territorial legislature, a Coun-
cil and Hou>e of Representatives. The former to consist
ol nine members, to serve three vcars, &c.; the hitter at mst
of eighteen memlieis, but not to be lucieased beyond loitj.
Tlus's.'ctioii nNo piovides the manner in winch t.ie Lesns-
latuieshall he elected, and how long it shall sit at a session.
Action five designates who shall he voters m the rem-
totv All fieo m.ilecits/.rnsoi'the United State- over twenty-
tou. au t: ^ ^ Imli uis ;md Afncan^ or the de-
* . >..ti y ■, .. Iii t n >> t c nf
Section ten provides a District Attorney for the Territory.
Section eleven provide in what manner certain of the
territorial officers shall qualify, and what shall be their com-
pensation.
Sec. 12. Jind be it further enacted, That the inhabitants of
said Territory shall he entitled to enjoy all and singular the
rights, pnviieges, and advantages granted and secured to the
people of the territory of the-United States northwest of the
river Ohio by the articles of compact contained in the ordi-
nance lor the government of said territory on the 13th day of
July, 1787, and shall be subject to all the conditions, restric-
tions, arid piohiluttons in >aid articles of compact impo&ed
upon the people of said territory.
Section thirteen provides for the selection of a seat of
government, and the erection of f-uitabie buildings for the
government purposes, for the meeting of the first session of
the Legislature.
Section fourteen provides for the election of a territorial
representative in Congress; how he shall be chosen, &c.
Section fifteen provides for the temporary selection of
certain judicial officers, before thejudiciary of the Territory,
&c., can be permanently organized.
SecHon bixtetn provides, that the officers of the Territory
m whose hands the public money may come, shall give
proper sei-unty.
Section seventeen establishes the Terntoryin one collec-
tion district, the district ot Upper California, and provides
for the requisite custom-house officers.
Section eighteen designates the salaries or compensation
of said custom-hou«e officers. &c., and extends the revenue
laws of the Uiuted States over the Territory.j
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, from the
Committee on Claims, repotted a bill for the relief
of John Poe; which was read twice, and committed
to the Committee of the Whole.
On motion of Mr. McLANE, leave was granted
to withdraw the petition and accompanying papers
of Richard Patterson.
calls on the departments.
The SPEAKER announced the next business
in order to be the consideration of the resolutions
heretofore offered, calling on the Executive depart-
ments for information, then lying on the table un-
der the rule—
When the following resolution, offered by Mr.
White on the lltli instant, was r#ad and agreed
to by the House:
Resokel, That the Secretary of War cause an estimate
of the value of the public pioperty, including the soil, on
Governor's Island, m the harbor ol New York, to he made,
and renoit the same to this House at the earliest piactieable
penod, with a view of ceding baid island, and so much of
the public property as cannot be moved, to the city ot New
York.
The following resolution, offered by Mr. Smart
on the 11th instant, was read and agreed to by the
House:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be requested to
communicate to this House the liumbei and places ot birth
of all persons employed 111 the naval and marine seivice on
the Gulf and 1'acitie coasts during the war with Mexico.
And, also, that the Secretary of War be requested to com-
municate'to tills House the whole number ot regular troops
engaged in the late war with Mexico, and the States in which
i they vveie enlisted; and any other facts in posse&tion of the
' War Department showing the number of regular troops en-
' gaged in said war ft'om each State in the Union
j The following resolution, offered by Mr. bar-
i ringer on the 13th instant, was read, considered,
i and agreed to by the House:
1 Resolved, That the Piesidentof the United States cause
i to be communicated to this House the amount of moneys
: and propertv received duungtnc late war witn the It-public
! of Mexico, at the difteient porta of entiy, or in any other
| wa>, within her limits, and in wiiat manner the tame has
been' expended or appropriated.
The following resolution, offered by Mr. Tall-
madge on the 18th instant, was read, considered,
and agreed to by the House:
city—the National Intelligencer and Union—for tbe daily-
publication in each paper ofthe proceedings and debates of
this House; for which the Clerk shall make weekly payment
out of the contingent fund, at the rate of seven dollars amla
half tor a column of brevier type; Provided, That the pro-
ceedings and current debateshall be transferred to the coun-
try edition of each of said papers, and one copy of each of
said daily papers shall be furnished to each member daring
the session of Congress without additional charge.
Mr. CONGER moved that the resolution be re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. WENTWORTH inquired of the Speaker
where the resolution had come from?
The SPEAKER "was understood to say, that it
had been offered by tiie gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Ashmen.]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, said, he had under-
stood the Chair to decide, when he (Mr. J.) liad
made the question—the next morning, he believed,
after the resolution had been offered—that ther# '
being no rules in force, it had expired on the day
on which it was offered, and that to have any force
it must-be again introduced.
The SPEAKER said, the resolution had been
found on the regular files under the direction of
the Clerk.
Mr. JONES said, if he was correct in the state-
ment he had made of the decision of the Chair,
he hoped the Chair would adhere to it.
The SPEAKER said, that if the resolution was
the same as that on which the Chair had here-
tofore given its decision, the resolution would not
be regularly before the House.
The Clerk having stated that the resolution teas
the same—
The SPEAKER said that it had been irregu-
larly placed on the files, and was not therefore
before the House for consideration.
COMPENSATION TO MR. FRY.
The resolution next in order provided for the
payment to John B. Fry, who acted as clerk in the
office of the Sergeant-at-arms during the last ses-
sion of Congress, ofthe extra compensation voted
by resolution to clerks, messengers, &c.
Mr. ATKINSON moved that the resolution be
laid on the table.
Mr. STUART rose to a question of order. If
he was correct in his recollection, the House had.
the other day acted on the same resolution, and it
was defeated.
The SPEAKER was understood to say that the
objection came too late. It should have been mad#
when the resolution was offered.
Mr. COBB inquired whether it would be in order
now to move that the rules be suspended, and that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
And the question was then taken, and decided in
"the affirmative.
REFERENCE OF PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of theUnion, (Mr. Thomp-
son, of Indiana, in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration ofthe resolution heretofore ottered by
Mr Viston, referring the several portions of the
message to the appropriate committee, and of the
pending amendments.
Mr. FISHER (who was entitled to the floor from
yesterday) resumed and concluded his remarks.
In the few moments during which he had spoken
Resohnd. That the Secretary of the Treasury be 'equated ;; vesterc|ay (he said,) he had indicated his intention
to have prepaied. 101 the Use ot this Houst, a. statunent j , r>ril.tinn nf t\ie resolutions re-
pinh lioiii whom obtained, undei what law autlionzed, the
nmni'ier and time ot pavment, and the amount .1 any, now (
due nil I'dch, together with the amount ot unclaimed dm- j
detidsj of principal and mteiest.
The following resolution, offered by Mr. g^ee- ;
lev,on the ISth instant,was read, considered, and ,
asreed to by the House:
! RvoU-ei Thai the Secietai 5 of the >avy be > equated to
the Teriitory when "i^ain/.al.andr. ^ t0 proceede(i to the consideration
ofthe following resolution, offered by Mr. ashmun
the 7wh iost£Uiti
oidered b/this
to vote for that portion of the resolutions re-
,t..s from tne time „„      ported by the chairman of the Committee 6f Ways
pie'ent year, has been contiacted, the amount of ], ^ Means which referred that part of the Presi-
1 . .   ln\v MHtliOltzed. the ■' _   fUa (ovilTc nf IRdv, Silfl
and marines of the L'mted States
the T
veiu> soldiers s-ailor:
11plVtioii"mx1,defines the powers of the Legislature to be
— |P. - <*-
'^p'^tioii^i^hTp'recludes im^nih'ers^o^Ul^
eept the first) from holding olTicer "
"creati-d, Stc., during the
wmuiii nine piuvtiu n   k,•
its duties, and limits the uutnoiity 01 Usse>er<il biancho.
dent's message relative to the tariffs of 1842 and
1846 to the Committee of Ways and Means, and
against the amendment of the gentleman from
New York to refer it to the Committee on Manu-
factures. It made'but little difference to him to
what committee it should be referred. He. was
not at all afraid, if a report was made at all, but it
would be a report which would do full justice to
the subject of the tariff, and to the President s mes-
sage on that subject. He ll. f)r0pertl'°
i state however, that, on further reflection on the
subiect he adhered to the conclusion that it should
be referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
In his opinion, it was necessary that a report should
go before the people at this time, and with as little
delay as possible. He knew it had been said by
some on the opposite side of the House, that gen-
tlemen on this side were afraid of^the influence of
the President's message upon the country, and that
they wanted to prepare an answer to it to go out
