12
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 20,
to the people. Very 'well; they certainly had
a right to send out documents to disabuse the
minds of the people of the impressions made upon
them by the false arguments of the President's
messagej for certainly that part of it which lefeired
to the tariffs of 1842 and 1846 was mainly designed
as an electioneering document. It really belonged
not to the message of the President but it was in-
tended as an electioneering document: indeed, about
five or six of the-last columns of that voluminous
message were entirely devoted to that purpose—to
electioneering; and it appeared principally to have
been made up of scraps, perhaps written by the
President himself—prior to the election, for aught
he knew—and designed for publication in the
« Union. ' But "Father Ritchie," having too
much prudence, would not allow them to go out in
the columns of his paper until after the result ot the
election was known. Indeed, the venerable editor
of the Union himself told us that that part of the
President's ^message which related to this subject
was written prior to the election; and he (Mr. F.)
presumed it was designed for publication in the
columns of that paper, but the President not being
willing to have his argument lost upon that subject,
had imbodied it in this message. #
The message was a medley of contradictions,
sophistry, and downright falsehood, from the be-
ginning to the end, so far as the question of the
protective policy was concerned. He was truly
glad that the President had thrown off the cloak
and disguise that had covered the party for years
gone by. They had heretofore denied that they
were opposed to the old Republican party, and had
declared and proclaimed aloud that they were the
true Democracy, the old Republican party of 1816;
and formerly they had made attacks on the modern
Whig party, and endeavored to identify them with
the oid Federal party of days gone by. But in
this document, strange to say, the President had
thrown off this disguise, and laid hold of the old Re-
publican party of 1816,and impugned their motives
and acts in every respect, though it had never been
done by any public document which had gone out
to the country from a person holding so elevated a
station. He (the President) attacked and impugned
the motives of the old Republican party with a
"virulence scarcely equalled even by the old Federal
party. The disguise, then, was thrown off; the
Democratic party of the present day were not the
old Republican party; they avowed they were not;
they denounced the sentiments, the policy, and the
very motives of that party of that day, and (through
the President) declared that that party were 111
favor of trampling under foot the poor for the ben-
efit of the rich, and of building up monopolies and
an aristocracy to override the mass of the people;
that this was the design and the motive of that
party. We found in the message the President
had said but little about the modern Whig party—
very little. His whole spleen seemed to be vented
upon the old Republican party of 1816, whom he
denounced in unmeasured terms, and whose meas-
ures he said were new measures, when it was well
known that the very policy which was revived at
that day originated at a period coeval with the
foundation of the Government—originated in
the administration of General Washington, and
had been canicd on, through the various suc-
cessive administrations, down to 1846. The Pres-
ident told us, that during the existence of this policy,
there had great revulsions taken place in the United
States. Let him (Mr. F.) say that the general re-
vulsions which had taken place, from the organi-
zation of the Government down to the present
time, had taken place only in the absence of these
measures of the protective policy, and had been
the very things that had induced the reestablish-
ment of these measures. Three great general
commercial revulsions had taken place m this
Government since its organization. The first was
induced by the revolutionary wuV, and continued
from 1783 to 1789. This revulsion induced the
fathers of the Republic to adopt the policy which
was adopted by them—a protective system and a
national bank. Again, after the war of 1812, the
nation was found in debt, the President told us, to
the amount of more than $120,000,000. Very
well; it was found necessary at this time to re-
establish the protective policy, which the Presi-
dent said was then a new policy, although it j
was the reviving of an old policy. It was ren- ,
dered necessary to pay off the national debt, and i
to relieve the country from the effects of the re- i
vulsion under which it was then suffering. The
Republican party, having the power at that day,
revived the old policy, and it paid off tthe national
debt, notwithstanding we were told here by the
President and the Secretary of the Treasury, that
the protective policy prohibited foreign importa-
tions, reduced the revenue, and would finally bring
us to direct taxation. He asked, how did that pol-
icy pay off the debt of the Revolution and the debt
ofthe warof 1812? Did it drive out foreign imports?
Was the Government driven to direct taxation?
How happened it,then,thatthese successive heavy
debts had been all paid off under a protective
policy, and that, too, of a very high character?
This, then, proved the falsity of the doctrine, that
the protective policy would prohibit foreign im-
portations to such an extent as to bring us to direct
taxation; for it was the only policy that had ever
paid off the debt of the Government, and the only
policy that ever would. Let it be remarked, that
upon all occasions, in the absence of this policy,
this Government and the nation had become in-
volved in debt. Look back, for instance, to 1840
and 1841: what was the condition of the country
then? We had a tariff of ad valorem duties of 20
per cent., and a universal revulsion took place
throughout the United States, and the Govern-
ment, though in a time of profound peace, became
involved, under the operation of these ad valorem
duties, in a debt of several millions of dollars.
How was this debt paid off? Why, by the revival
of the same policy that paid the debt of the Revolu-
tion and of the war of 1812, established under the
administration of John Tyler.
Hence, so far from its being true that the pro-
tective policy induced commeicial and business
revulsions throughout the country, precisely the
reverse was the fact. No general revulsion had
taken place except m the absence of these meas-
ures; but, on all occasions in the absence of them,
commercial revulsions had prevailed, and the Gov-
ernment had been obliged again to adopt them.
We were now involved m a national debt again,
and a universal revulsion would as certainly come
as we were a nation at this time, in one or two
years at most, unless the policy of the Government
was changed. What had prevented its taking
place before this time ? Why, the only reason had
been the famine in Europe. Gentlemen laughed
at the famine in Europe being assigned as the
cause; did they not recollect that thousands had
starved to death there, and that millions of dollars
in grain and breadstuffs had been sent from this
country to supply the foreign demand? It was
this alone that had prevented a general revulsion
from taking place ere this time. We were told
that the only cause for the present reduction in the
prices of our agricultural products, was the revul-
sions, revolutions, and wars that had taken place
in Europe; but these causes, every reasonable man
knew, would only furnish a better market therefor
our breadstuffs.
He would now proceed to say a few things on
the subject of the tariff, and he wished the atten-
tion of the committee, especially to his remarks
upon this subject, as he might advance some ideas
that might not be altogether m accordance with the
views entertained by his own political party. He
did not profess to be thoroughly conversant with
this subject; and if he assumed positions that were
untenable, he hoped to be corrected by his oppo-
nents or by his friends.
The main opposition existing against the pro-
tective policy—in fact he might say the only oppo-
sition, because all the objections, in whatever form
they might be brought' forward, resolved them-
selves into these—was based upon three grounds:
It was contended, first, that the protective policy
was unconstitutional; second, that under the pro-
tective policy the duty was added to the price of
the article, and that the poor consumer had it to
pay; and third, it was said the protective policy
prohibited importations, and would thu3 drive us
to direct taxation for the support of Government.
He knew of no objections that did not resolve
themselves into one of these three positions.
If these objections were correct, he admitted
that the protective policy ought not to be estab-
lished; but he wished to introduce a few argu-
ments, to show why he did not believe these
positions He admitted the premise of one, but :
denied the conclusion, viz: That the protective'
policy prohibited importations, he admitted, but ,
he denied the conclusion that it would drive us to ;
direct taxation. It prohibited importations to a
certain extent; if it was to prohibit them entirely,
as a matter of course it would drive us to direct
taxation. But this it never had done, and never
would do.
With regard to the constitutionality or uncon-
stitutionality of the protective policy, it appeared
that the question should be settled in the mind of
every honest man. It was a policy coeval with
our Government. The very first Congress assem-
bled under our Constitution enacted a protective
tariff law, the preamble of which expressly de-
clared, that it was " for the collection of revenue,
for the encouragement and protection of the man-
ufactures of the country." That was the design
of that law; that was the policy which had been
pursued under every administration of the Gov-
ernment, from that time down to the present
administration.
The second, and the most formidable position—
that by which the opponents of the protective
system managed greatly to prejudice the minds of
the poorer classes of the community—was the
argument, or the assertion, (he called it an argu-
ment, b„ut really it was an assertion, a mere beg-
ging of the question, as the logicians say; an
assuming without proof the very point in contro-
versy,) that the consumer pays the duty. Now,
he denied that the consumer had the duty to pay
under the protective system. He did not know
that he should be sustained by all his Whig
friends, but he took the ground that the price of
imported goods to the consumer was not increased
by the amount of the duty levied under the pro-
tective system. What were the facts on this sub-
ject? On referring to our experience under the
protective policy, if it was found that the duty
was added to the original cost of the article, and
the article sold so much higher,—if this had ever
taken place under any protective tariff, then of
course he would yield the point. If it had taken
place, it was capable of demonstration.
He called upon gentlemen on the other side to
bring forward the prices current, prior and subse-
quent to the going into operation of any of our
protective tariffs; and if it was true, as a matterof
fact, that imported goods, wares, and merchandise,
subsequent to the taking effect of any tariff law,
sold as much higher than they did prior to that
time, as the amount of duty levied, then they had
gained their point; but if they could not do so,
then they had failed. He said that no protective
tanlf, from the beginning of the Government, had
enhanced the prices of goods generally; it might
have had that effect with reference to some articles,
but upon the average it never had, from the
first to the last. Let them go back to the tariff of
1842. What was its result? Had not the Whigs
told their opponents and the country that the duty
would not be added to the price of the article, and
that the goods would not sell that amount higher?
And had it not been contended by the other party,
from the President and Secretary of the Treasury
down to the smallest two-penny newspaper or
stump speaker, that the duty would be added, and
the consumer would have to pay it? The tariff of
1842 went into operation: did it increase the price
of goods? Could gentlemen show, by invoices of
merchandise prior and subsequent to its going into
operation, that the duty it imposed was added to
the previous cost of goods? The truth was, and
must be acknowledged by every man with an
honest heart, that, according to the predictions of
the Whig party, the prices of goods generally,
and almost universally, did fall, after the tariff of
1842 went into operation. It was true, that in
about a year after its taking effect, the prices of
cotton goods rose to a considerable degree; but
the cause of this was, that the price of the raw
material rose, (which he presumed, as a matter of
course, was no disadvantage to the cotton-planter,)
and hence, as a matterof necessity, the price of
the component parts having usen, the price of the
material rose also. The truth of the case was,
that, piior to the tariff of 1842, our manufactories,
many of them, had been obliged to stop, and the
laborers had been turned out of employment; but,
after the tariff of 1842, they had again gone into
operation, and again employed their laborers at
good prices, and yet the prices of goods were
lower. But their opponents asked, How was this
possible? for, unless the duty is added to thenrice
of the goods, it would not be a protection. How
was it possible, asked they, that when the manu-
