1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
73
factories again went into operation, the prices of
their goods fell, and became lower than they were
when they ceased operation ? They took this po-
sition: If the duty is not added to the price of the
article, of course it will not be protection.
Now, he took directly the opposite position. He
said if the duty was added to the priceof the article,
it would not be protection. As a matter of coursc,
if the duty was added to the price of the article,
the goods came in from foreign countries precisely
as they did before, so far as the interests of the
foreign manufacturer, orimporter were concerned.
Here was where the opponents of a protective tariff
were in error. They could see protection in nothing
but in increase of prices, when, in truth, it did not
consist in that. In what, then, did it consist? It
was m the furnishing a market—a steady, regular
market. " Protection" did not mean the enhancing
of prices. If you were to order your son to go and
protect your farm from the ravages of your neigh-
bor's cattle, which had broken in, and were de-
stroying your crops, it would not be protection for
him to go out to cultivate your corn and other
crops, while your fence was down, but for him to
put up the fence and protect you hereafter from the
ravages of your neighbor's beasts, that they might
no longer come in and destroy the crops, precisely
as foreigners come in and destroy our market,
unless it was protected for our manufacturers.
Mr. LAHM said, he understood his colleague,
that the object of protection was to drive foreign-
ers out of the country, and keep the market ex-
clusively for ourselves: he asked the gentleman,
would he be in favor of making his protection so
high as to bring about that result?
Mr. FISHER replied, he had said in the outset
that the friends of protection had never designed
to have a tariff so high as to amount to an entire
exclusion of foreign manufactures, but they did
desire to prohibit the importation of certain goods.
Mr. LAHM wished to know where the gentle-
man would stop? where he drew the line of de-
marcation between exclusion and prohibition?
Mr. FISHER said, the party with whom he j
acted had always contended for a revenue tariff,
with discriminations in favor of protection; and I
they would prohibit the importation of certain }
aitides. Under the tariffof 1842, we had received '
about §100,000,000 worth of foreign imports annu- |
ally; from the duties levied by that tariff upon the !
dutiable goods, we had received revenue enough '
to meet the current expenses of the Government, jj
and pay off the public debt which had accrued
under the previous low tariff. And that tariff'had,
in addition, brought a surplus into the treasury.
But since the tariff had been reduced about one-
third, it now took $150,000,000 of importations to
raise the same amount of revenue as the tariff of
1842 did, or $100,000,000 of importations. Yes;
we protected the manufacturers, and the mechanics
of this country, by prohibiting $50,000,U00 worth
of goods from coming in.
Mr. LAHM wished to ask hi3 colleague one
other question. If it was legitimate to exclude
§50,000,000 of the importations, when they amount-
ed to $150,000,000, why did not the same princi-
ple hold good to the exclusion of fifty additional
millions, or of the whole?
• Mr. FISHER replied, that it was in our power
to do so, but it was not necessary for protection,
nor was it desirable, because we did not expect to
manufacture all the articles which were consumed
in the country.
But with reference to the other point, all would
admit that importations could be and were prohib-
ited by protective tariffs to a certain extent. This
was admitted by the Secretary of the Treasury,
and by the President, and by all; and yet in the
some report, and in the same message, we were
told that the consumer had the duty to pay. Now,
if the President or Secretary or any gentleman on
this floor would reconcile these two positions, then
he was willing to become a free-trade man. The
positions that a protective tariff prohibited foreign
importations, and at the same time that the duty
was added to the price of the article to be paid by
the consumer, were entirely inconsistent Now,
the truth was, that a protective tariff would pro-
hibit importations to a certain extent, and this was
proof' positive that the consumer did not pay Ute
duty. Suppose, by way of illustration, that with-
out a duty a hat could be procured here of the for-
eign importer for $3, and suppose that Congress
laid a duty upon it of $1, the duty added to the
original cost would be $4. Supposing the doctrine
was correct that the consumer paid the duty, the
hat would then sell for $4 instead of $3. He asked,
would that have an effect to prohibit the importa-
j! tion of hats? Not at all, because the importer
|| would sell his hat for $4 instead of $3, and, paying
I the $1 duty to the Government, would take home
j * his $3 net proceeds, as before.
!j Mr. LAHM inquired who, in that case, paid
j! the additional duty of a dollar upon the price of a
'1 hat. Was it the man who consumed the hat or
,j not?
II Mr. FISHER replied that the gentleman did not
ij understand the subject at all. [Laughter.] He
ji had denied that the duty was added to the price of
the hat; and the fact that it was not was the reason
(and a good reason it was too,) why it prohibited |
the importation, to some extent, because the im-
porter, instead of taking home three dollars, took
home two. So also, lfaduty of ten dollars was levied,
and the hat, after that, (according to the doctrine
of gentlemen on the other side,) sold for thirteen
dollars, the importer, after paying the ten dollars ■
to the Government, would still have three dollars '
net proceeds, as before; and the duty would be no
prohibition at all upon the importation. The very
reason that the duty did prohibit importations was
because the importer paid it, and it was not added
tance of some fifty miles, and that, coming to
market with his wagon-load of iiour, he paid a toll
at several gates: by the time he arrived here, his
nour had cost him a toll of twenty-five cents per
barrel. He offered it in market, and, if he be-
lieved this doctrine, asked six dollars and twenty-
five cents per barrel. What said the merchant?
His reply would be, " I can buy itat six dollars."
" No matter," the farmer would reply, " I had to
pay toll to the amount of twenty-five cents. If
the doctrine of my party is correct, the tallage is
added to the price of the article, and the consumer
has to pay it." The merchant would laugh.
He would say, "I tell you, you must take the
market price for your flour, or you cannot sell it
at alh You would be right if there were no other
flour in market; but mind, you come in competi-
tion with others, and hence you must be content
to get the market price, whatever that may be.'*
Precisely such was the case with foreign manufac-
turers. ^ They might add the duty to the price of
the article, but they would come in competition
with other manufacturers, and must therefore sell
at the market price. But under the present law,
in a short time, they would not meet our manu-
facturers in competition, because the latter would
be broken down. If they did come in competition,
under the protective policy, they must take the
that the consumer had the duty to pay, and that it
prohibited importations, could not be reconciled.
If any man could make out these positions to be
correct, he (Mr. F.) would give up the argument.
Again: what was the reason that manufactories
could now go into operation, and sell at lower rates
than they could previous to the tariffof 1842? This
was easily accounted for. It was because capitalists
turned their capital oftener. Prior to the enact-
ment of the tariff of 1842 the market was glutted
by foreign importations, Manufacturers invested
all their capital in goods. These goods all lay
dead upon their hands. They could not sell them
at any price. Hence, many of the manufacturing
concerns of the country had to stop. But the tariff
of 1842, by prohibiting to a certain extent foreign
importations, gave a market to our own manufac-
tures. These establishments again went into oper-
ation. They sold as fast as they couid manufac-
ture, and of course they sold lower. He would
briefly illustrate his point: Suppose that there were
two merchants in the city of Washington, each
employing a capital of twenty thoussnd dollars.
One of them would sell tardily; he would turn his
capital once a year at a profit of forty per cent.
The other would turn it tour times a year. Of
course the latter could undersell the former thirty \
per cent., and make as much money. !
For example: if he sold at a profit of ten per I
cent, and turned his capital four times, it would I
amount to as much profit as would be received on [
the same amount of capital turned but once with a j
profit of forty percent.; and consequently, twenty i
thousand dollars turned four times would be as j
much money in the hands of the capitalist as eighty !
thousand dollars turned but once. And this was I
the secret. All the manufacturing establishments !
could sell at a lower rate than they did before. I
And this was the way the protective policy would
operate. Now, if Congress were to lay a duty of
fifty per cent, in addition to the duty which now
existed upon foreign importations, and the goods ,
would rise that much, it would not prohibit inv
whatever price they pleased. This was the course
of our trade. Every man who had ever been con-
cerned in trade knew it to be so.
He knew it had been said, that the cotton planter
of the South had been injured by the operation of
the protective policy. When he spoke of the South
in this connection, he meant the cotton plantei s and
rice growers only, because they only had reason
to complain. The agriculturists of the South,
he presumed, had no reason to complain, if he
was correct m this position, that goods did not sell
higher, but lower,under theprotective policy than
under that of free trade, what reason had the cotton
planter to complain ? Why was he dissatisfied
with the tariffof 1842? He did not pay higher
for his goods under that tariff than he had paid
before its enactment. Why, then, he repeated,
should the cotton planter be dissatisfied with it?
For if he did not pay the tax by increased prices,
then he did not pay it at all; for that was the only
means by which he could pay it. The only con-
troversy was, then, m relation to that point. The
opponents of the protective policy said that the
poor man was taxed; that he paid this duty to the
manufacturer; whilst the truth was, that although
he (Mr. F.) acknowledged that the duty was a tax,
yet u was a tax upon the foreign importer, which
the foreign importer paid to the Government of the
United States. It was a bounty paid by foreigners
—not by the consumer—by the importer, to the
Government for the privilege of selling his goods
in our market. If this was so, and if the duty
was not added to the price of the article, why
should the cotton and rice grower object to it?
At the present time we had in operation a sys-
tem of free trade, as it was called. But let him
ask the cotton planter whether there had ever been
a time, since the formation of the Government,
when the prices of cotton were lower than they
were at present? If such was the fact, and if it
were true that our goods, wares, and merchan-
dise, cost no more under the protective policy than
; under a system of free trade, what objection was
portations, but would step over manufactures just j there to it? He could see no reason for it.
as the tariff did now. And therefore it was entirely i; It was said that the farmers of the country com-
incorrect to say that the duty was added to the >! plained. He, (Mr. F.,) as a farmer,did not corn-
price, and that the consumer had to pay the duty, .plain. The farmers did not need much direct
This stood in diametrical opposition to the position protection. What they wanted, was a market for
that the protective duty prohibited foreign import- , their products, and it was to their advantage that
ations. If any gentleman could reconcile these the market should be as convenient to them as
positions, he (Mr. F.) would, he repeated, abandon
the argument.
If gentlemen would read that portion of the
message of the President, they would see that he
assumed this position—that the consumer had to
pay the duty ; that it was oppressive upon the
poor, whilst it enriched the wealthy capitalist of
the country. The President placed himself en-
tirely on that position. Now, any man conversant
with the subject knew that this was not the com- ,
mon operation of trade in this country. He (Mr.
F.) had been brought up a farmer—he had fol- .
lowed that pursuit nearly all his life. E\cry ,
farmer knew that the statement was not correct.
Suppose that a farmer lived out of this city a dis- 1
possible. The more convenient, the better for
them. The opponents of protection*declared that
all our workshops should be in Europe, and the
farmers in this country. Let him say, that no
agricultural country, at a distance from a manu-
facturing country, could compete with that manu-
facturing country: because the produce of the for-
mer never could be taken to market, on account of
the bulk and the cost of transportation. CouUl we
take our corn, wheat, pork, &c., to China? No;
it would not pay cost to do so. But we could
build up manufactures in our own country, and
make the world our market. We could build up
manufactures; we could take some from the pur-
suits of farming, and we could put them into our
