1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•?«
of 184C, if imported in American vessels, it was
exempt from duty—as it should be; for it was one
of the necessaries of life, and consumed by every-
body. Suppose that a duty of 20 percent, was
levied upon it: did it not increase the price of the
article to the consumer here? Could the import-
ing merchant pay the 20 per cent, duty and sell it
at the same price? Clearly not. The duty, then,
•would finally be paid by the consumer. He com-
pared this to the increased price charged for goods
by merchants at the West, to reimburse them for
the expense of transportation: the cost of trans-
portation entered into the price of the article, and
fell upon the consumer, as he argued the duty im-
posed also did.
But the gentleman had argued that it was a great
object for the farmers of Ohio and of the West to
have a home market for their products. He (Mr.
L.) lived in a strictly agricultural community, and
the farmers there found that when they had pro-
duce to sell, the merchant was governed, as to the
price he would give, by the state of the foreign
"markets. It was the foreign prices which regulated
the prices of agricultural products in New York, at
Cleveland, and in all parts of the country.
But the gentleman had said that the object of the
protective tariff was to enable our manufacturers
to compete with foreign manufacturers. He (Mr.
L.) asked, did not our cotton manufacturers com-
pete with the whole world? Our cottons now
went to South America, to India, to China, and
throughout the world; where, then, was the ne-
cessity of this protection to enable our manufac-
turers to compete with foreigners at homer Why,
the gentleman would have us protect our man-
ufacturers at home, while they were able to com-
pete with foreigners throughout the world.
The gentleman had made one remark which,
as far as it related to him, he disclaimed. The
gentleman had said that the Democratic party :
were in favor of free trade and direct taxation.
For himself, he disclaimed that doctrine; he be-j
lieved the party with which he was connected j
disclaimed it. The tariff of 1S46 disclaimed u from j
beginning to end. They were in favor of levying
duties to raise revenue, sufficient to meet the ex-
penses of the Government, economically adminis-
tered; and in imposing those duties they would
discriminate in favor of such articles as required
more protection, and against those which required
less. Free trade and direct taxation were not the
doctrines of the Democratic party, at least in that
section of the country from which he came.
They had passed the tariff of 1846 in order to
raise revenue sufficient to meet the expenses of the
Government, and it afforded protection also—a
protection of *20 per cer.t. upon iron, of 100 per cent,
on spirits, of 10 to 100 per cent, on almost every
article except a few on the free list. He asked,
what more protection was needed? Did gentle-
men want protection to the exclusion of foreigners?
If they did not, where would they draw the line of
demarcation—the line at which protection should
cease r How much would they keep out, and
how much would they allow to come in? Let
them propose their system, and if it was any better
than the present law, he would vote for it.
Mr. L., apologizing for having troubled the House
with remarks for which he had made no previous
preparation, concluded by expressing the opinion
as to the proposition directly before the committee,
that the reference to the Committee on Manufac-
tures, proposed by the amendment of the gentle-
man from New "\ork, would be improper. That
committee had nothing to do with it. It was the
legitimate business of the Committee of Ways
and Means; and, unless they intended that the
promotion of partisan objects should be para-
mount to the prosecution of the business of the
country, they could not refer it to the Committee
on Manufactures.
Mr. "BRIDGES obtained the floor, and moved
that the committee rise.
The motion was lejected.
Mr. HUNT said the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Bayly,] who had" spoken yesterday, had
expressed a strong opposition to the reference of
this subject to the Committee on Manufactures,
from the apprehension that that committee would
report an electioneering document. The bare idea
that an argument might be made by a committee
in reply to the President's message, seemed to ex-
cite that gentleman to unusual vehemence, and
almost to move him from his propriety. It would
seem that that gentleman, and others who acted
with him, had strong opposition to the manufac-
turing of electioneering documents, unless they came
from the Executive. With their habitual clamors
of opposition to monopolies, it seemed that they
claimed it to be the exclusive prerogative of the
Executive to send forth electioneering documents
upon all questions touching our national interests.
At every session of Congress, year after year, the
President had sent in his annual message, in which
he placed before Congress the state of the country
generally; but, in addition to the exercise of this
constitutional function, he had traveled far beyond,
engaging in discussion upon political subjects, vin-
dicating the measures which he had thought proper
to propose, not only, but frequently going further,
and reflecting, in the most unkind and offensive
manner, upon the motives as well as upon the meas-
ures of his opponents. Did any of the intelligent
and reflecting people of this country object to the
manner in which the Executive had upon one occa- ;
sion usurped the extraordinary power of war, and ]
while Congress was in session, involved thecoun- '
try in war without their authority and even without
their knowledge: the President did not hesitate to
impute to that portion of his countrymen, not only
a want of patriotism, but he used terms in refer-
ence to them which in their very nature implied
moral treason—a want of patuotism and loyahty j
to the Government. He had hoped, that after the
recent expression of the will of ihe people o£ this
country upon the great measures which divided
parties—after its expression in relation not only to
the general merits of this Administration, but in
reference to its specific policy, that the President
would have thought proper, on this occasion at all
events, to waive the practice which he had pursued
from the very commencementofhisadmmistration,
in reflecting in gross and offensive terms upon the ;
motives of his opponents. j
Mr. TURNER here interposed, and was under-;
stood to inquire what question'the gentleman con- j
sidered to have been decided by the people at the |
late election? and how? i
Mr. HUNT said he would come to that subject1
directly. If the gentleman was desirous of an j
answer, however, he would inform him that one j
point, among others, had been put at rest by the ,
people at the last presidential election: it was the j
signal condemnation of the present Executive and !
measures of his administration. The people had !
decided, by the vote they had recently given, that '
the policy of the Administration should be changed i
m regard to the management of our foreign affairs, j
as well as in reference to those domestic measures ,
which deeply affected the industry and the pros- i
perity of this country.
Before he was interrupted, he had been about to j
say that he had hoped the President would have |
waived all political discussions on this occasion;
that he would have received the rebuke which had •
been administered to his administration by the peo-
ple with a graceful deference; that he would have
yielded to the popular will, if not with a real, at
least with a seeming respect. But on the present
occasion he seemed to have gone far beyond his
foimer practice, and to have outdone himself. He 1
(Mr. H.) doubted if an Executive message had ever j
been submitted to an American Congress which ,
contained such an unusual and extraordinary dis-
play of party spirit, such a determination to stand
on mere party questions before Congress and the
country, as the President had evinced in this
message.
It was fortunate for the liberties of mankind, and
for the cause of truth, that rejected governors were
not received as the most reliable historians of then-
own times and conduct. If the protestations of
discarded ministers were to be received as evi-
dence of their patriotism, disinterestedness, and
public virtue, it would often be found that those
who, by their acts, had rendered themselves the
most odious, had the strongest claims upon the
gratitude and affection of mankind. IfState papers
and official mandates promulgated by those who,
either in ancient or modern times, had been rejected
by the popular will, were to be received as au-
thentic evidence, it would folio .v that the people
had been always wrong, and rulers always right.
The greatest tyrants would appearto be the greatest
benefactors, and those whose government had
been most intolerable and oppressive, would seem
to have been animated by the highest motives and
the purest patriotism. It would seem that the
i people in all time had been well and wisely gov-
| eraed, but that, failing to appreciate their rulers,
; they had ejected them from power. '
In reading that portion of the message which was
j historical, since it portrayed the measures of the
Administration, and the beneficent effects which
. had flowed from them, one was almost persuaded
i that the President had done more for the welfare
[and prosperity of the country than all hia prede-
cessors. It would seem from the tone of triumph
which he had assumed, that the people of the United
States had the highest cause for gratitude, and that
they never could sufficiently appreciate their obli-
gations to his administration.
He (Mr. H.) believed his Democratic friends
would concede that the American people were an
intelligent, thrifty, sober-minded people, as well
as a people competent to judge of the merits of
their public agents; and that, after a full discussion
of public questions, as these questions had been
! discussed for the last yeart it was not their habit
\ to set their public agents aside, unless they were
, convinced that they had failed to fulfill their obli-
! gations to the country.
| It was strange that an Administration which
| claimed so much—which claimed so large a share
i of glory for conquests abroad and beneficent meas-
| ures at home—w hich claimed to have extended the
. srea of freedom to an almost unlimited extent—
: which claimed to have projected measures looking
: only to the prosperity and interests of the country—
' an Administiation intent purely on the promotion
of the public good,.turning neither to the right
| hand nor to the left—professing to be governed
j only by the Constitution of the country;—it was
| (he said) passing strange that the people should
j have shown themselves incapable of appreciating
; the merits of such an Administration. Yet the
■ President had assumed the same triumphant tone,
as though he and his measures had been sustained.
The gentlemen on the other side of the House had
inquired what it was that the people had condemned
: m the late election. He (Mr. H.) would tell thegen-
tlemen: they had condemned those very measures
of policy upon which the President had taken his
; appeal to posterity; they had condemned those
very measures of policy upon which he claimed,
for himself and his administration, the gratitude
not only of the people now but in all future time;
they had determined that the policy of the Gov-
i ernment should be changed, first, as it concerned
our foreign relations and intercourse; they had
. determined that a new and peaceful policy should
animate our councils in the future management of
! our foreign affairs.
In passing judgment upon the great measure of
his administration—that upon which the President
laid so much emphasis—he (Mr. H.) alluded to
the late war with Mexico; he understood the
1 people to have determined, now and forever, that
j the question which had hitherto occupied so much
, of the time and attention of both Houses of Con-
gress—that the war was not begun in accordance
! with the principles of the Constitution. He (Mr.
' H.) did not propose to go into the merits of that
war, or into the consequences likely to result from
. it; but upon what point the parties of the country
| had made up an issue, upon which they had ap-
! pealed to the people—that was to say, whether the
1 President of the United States had, in violation of
; the Constitution, and without consultation with
the people's representatives, usurped the power
of making war. The party to which he (Mr. H.)
belonged had contended from the first, as they
contended now, that in requiring our forces to in-
vade territory which had, up to that time, always
been m possession of Mexico, the President com-
mitted a gross and palpable violation of that clause
of the Constitution which gave the war-making
power to Congress alone. In other words, they
insisted that that act was a usurpation on the part
' of the President, to issue an order to the army,
which, of itself, was an act of war, and which
, was followed, as all reasonable peisons ought to
have foreseen it would be followed, by hostilities
upon that territory. In this view, more perhaps
than m any other, the result of the election which
had lately been decided was a vindication of the
' rights of the people, and of the representatives of
the people, m relation not only to the war-making
power, but of those other powers which of late
years had so often been arrogated and exercised
by the President. But it was not only the ori-
gmal act of war in respect to which the Piesident
