76
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 20,
had usurped powers not conferred upon him by
the Constitution. It was by establishing, in the
course of the prosecution of that war, military
governments in territories which had been declared
to be part of the United States; in laying duties
upon goods imported into a foreign country, and
expending the moneys received from these duties
without the authority of Congress. Without enu-
merating particular instances, he might point out
occasions on which the President had exercised
powers which, under every free government, re-
sided nowhere save in the legislative department,
and which could not be legitimately and constitu-
tionally exercised without us authority.
But the subject to which he had specially in-
tended to refer'(and he had taken the floor with
much reluctance) was the immediate topic which
had been under discussion in the course of this
debate. The people, in his opinion, by their late
vote, had intended to condemn the course of the
Administration in respect to the protective policy.
That was a measure which had been repeatedly
and distinctly presented as a great doctrine upon
which the Democratic party had taken its position
before the people, and upon which the Whigs had
uniformly taken theirs in favor of the protective
principle, as one requisite to sustain our own peo-
ple in their pursuits, and in the various branches
of their industry.
The gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,]
who had spoken yesterday, had, in a tone of defi-
ance, as he (Mr. H.) thought, declared himself
ready to prove that the tariflPof 1846 had not only
fulfilled all the hopes ajid expectations of its friends,
but that it had falsified all the predictions of its
opponents. He proposed to join issue with that
gentleman in the whole length and breadth of the
question; and on some suitable occasion, if oppor-
tunity should present itself at the present session,
and, if no other gentleman more competent than
himself should take up the issue, he proposed to
meet it. He thought it would be an easy matter to
establish the converse of the proposition presented
by the gentleman from Viiginia. He thought
it would bean easy matter to show, that in every-
thing which was essential, the predictions of those
who had opposed the tariff of 1846 had been liter-
ally and truly fulfilled, whilst the arguments and
reasons urged in its favor by its friends had, to a
great extent, failed of their object. He would not
on the present occasion go into details, but he
would refer to one or two facts in support of his
position.
What was the condition of the country at the
time of the passage of the tariff act of 3846? The
protective policy had been in existence for the
period of four years under the tariff of 1842, and
had produced all the revenue the country required.
It had given an unprecedented prosperity to all
branches, manufacturing and agricultural. Money
was abundant. Labor was well rewarded. Wages
were sufficiently high to satisfy the laboring peo-
ple in manufacturing and agricultural employ-
ments. What were the reasons urged for its
abandonment? He would not now enter upon
them; but he would ask the attention of gentlemen
to one fact which was in conflict with the position
of the gentleman from Virginia. The effect of the
changes which had been made had been to depress
the manufacturing interests in almost every branch.
He might refer to the testimony which had yes-
terday been given by a distinguished gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Thompson,] who had
supported the general policy of this Administra-
tion. That gentleman declared that the iron inter-
est of Pennsylvania—that great leading interest
which now employed so much of the industry of
the country, and which, if developed and sus-
tained, constituted in itself a source of inexhaustible
wealth—had been prostrated by the act of 1846.
The gentleman said that that question had a con-
trolling influence on the result of the election in
Pennsylvania. Look at the cotton and woollen
manufacturing interests. Would any man deny
that in all these branches there had been the great-
est embarrassment for a year; that prices had been
so low that it had been impossible for the manu-
facturers to sustain themselves against foreign
competition, and that many of them had been
under the necessity of suspending business ? The
practical knowledge of many gentlemen on this
floor would bear out these assertions; and he was
surprised that any gentleman should venture to
assert that the predictions which had been made
in regard to the effect of the law by its opponents
had been falsified. They had declared that it
would break up the manufacturing establishments
of the country; and although, by the force of cir-
cumstances, a most unexampled demand (which
could not be expected to occur again) for our
breadstuffs and other agricultural products, had
sprung up abroad, which had turned the balance
of trade in our favor, yet, for the last year, the
effect had been felt in all parts of the country
where the people depended upon the success of
manufacturing and mechanical operations; and
wherever the manufacturing interest was embar-
rassed, it followed thattheagncultural interestmust
to some extent be involved m the same difficulty.
But it was said that the tariff of 1846 had pro-
duced an abundant and overwhelming amount of
revenue, sufficient not only to meet the wants of the
Government, but furnish a surplus to be applied to
the payment of the public debt. He was willing
to admit that a larger amount had been realized
than any of them expected. But the fact might be
attributed to the extraoidinary causes to which he
had referred. The President himself admitted that
our manufacturing interests had in some measure
been embarrassed, but he attributed the fact to the
extraordinary fluctuations which had taken place
during the past year in foreign countries. Mr. H.
admitting that these fluctuations had been the
cause of some embarrassment, proceeded briefly to
pointout the effect of the protective policy in guard-
ing our people against them, and contended that,
in the absence of that policy, we must, as an inevit-
able conscquence, experience in an aggravated de-
gree the evil consequences of these fluctuations
year after year. He then referred to the price of
cotton, urging that, instead of advancing the price
of that or other agricultural productions, the effect
of the tariff of 1846 had been (especially as to cot-
ton) to bring them to a lower point than ever. Under
the tariff ot 1842, cotton had borne a much higher
price than it had since attained, and the change
had been decidedly unfavorable to that great inter-
est of the South.
He had said that he did not propose to enter
upon a general discussion of the tariff bill at this
time. He had no such design. But he wished to
direct the attention of gentlemen to these great,
undeniable facts to which he had referred, in order
to show the error of the gentleman from Virginia,
who assumed that the tariff policy of 1846 had
produced all the beneficial results claimed for it.
And at any future time, when the subject could be
appropriately taken up, it would not be difficult to
establish the fact beyond all controversy, that the
Jaw had produced, and was still producing, the
very evils which had been anticipated; that ail the
benefits which the country was said to have derived
from its operation were imaginary, and that they
existed only in the theories of gentlemen who attrib-
uted effects to causes most consistent with their
preconceived opinions.
There was another subject which had been re-
ferred to in the message of the President, to which
he (Mr. II.) would advert for a moment, since a
gentleman on the other side had asked what pre-
cise measures the people had intended to pass upon
at the late election. He (Mr. H.) asserted that,
at that election, as in the election ot 1840, the peo-
ple had again repudiated and rejected the scheme
of finance for the collection, safe-keeping, and dis-
bursement of the public money, commonly called
the sub-treasury. The sub-treasury stood con-
demned. It was rejected by the people. They
would have none of it.
Mr. H. here alluded to the marvelous results
which, it was said, this scheme had accomplished
for the people—a scheme which, from the glowing
and rapturous language in which the President had
spoken of it, would seem to be the very essence
of political wisdom. Mr. H. proceeded to argue
that its operation had been to produce those very
effects which it professed to avoid. He instanced
the state of the money market for the past year.
Had our financial condition been prosperous for
the pursuits of legitimate and regular business?
The rate of interest had been extravagantly high
in our commercial cities and manufacturing places,
and business men had been compelled to pay two
or three times the legal rate of interest, to carry
on their regular business operations. He alluded,
also, in this connection, to the state of uncertainty
and alarm in which the banks had been kept by
the operation of the system.
He believed it to be the deliberate intention of
the people of the United States that these meas-
ures should be changed. These different propo-
sitions had been deliberately submitted to them
by the Baltimore Convention. That convention
had laid down a platform on which all these
measures were glued together. The candidate
whom they selected, sustained that platform, and
it was understood that if he was elected, he would
carry out the same glorious policy—free trade—
the subtreasury—annexation of foreign territories
—wars and conquests—opposition to internal im-
provements. And to this career of glory there never
was to bean end. All these things were put before
the country. It was to be the same thing over
again, and perpetually. But the people had de-
cided that they would not have it. For the last
two or three years they had been tired and wearied
of the policy pursued by the Administration. It
had not, since the first year of its existence, en-
joyed the confidence of the people. In proof of
this assertion, he might cite the returns of election
for members of the existing Congress. The Presi-
dent came here with a majority in this House,
numbering nearly two to one. Yet at the first
opportunity which was presented to the people to
speak upon his measures, they returned to this
House a majority against him. From that day
to this, the Administration never had enjoyed the
confidence of the people, notwithstanding the tri-
umphant tone assumed by the President in the
vindication of his measures.
Mr. H. believed that the opinion of the people,
as it had been expressed at this time, would be the
deliberate judgment of posterity. He believed
that when the course and policy of this Adminis-
tration should be written down in history; when
it should be held up to the examination of our
people in future time, it would be pronounced one
of the most mischievous and corrupt administra-
tions that had ever wielded power. The encroach-
ments of the Executive upon the rights of the
people, more than anything else, had alienated the
confidence and regard of the people from him.
The President had claimed great merit, and had
entered into an argument to vindicate the exercise
of the veto power, in which he had suffered him-
self so freely to indulge; and he had gone on, by
a formidable display ofhis logical powers, to prove
(what had never yet been disputed) that, under
certain circumstances, since the power had been
vested m the Executive, it might be properto use it.
But he had gone far beyond the intentions of the
original framers of the Constitution, and claimed
it to be his duty, on all occasions when the senti-
ments of Congress differed from his, to place his
opinions against the deliberate judgment of the
people's representatives. He assumed that he
was to judge what Jaws should be enacted—
considering himself the representative of the whole
people, to the exclusion of their immediate rep-
resentatives, elected by themselves in their own
districts, and sent here, under the Constitution, to
exercise the legislative power of the nation; and
he assumed to be a constituent branch of the Legis-
lature. He (Mr. H.) denied this doctrine. Such
never was the design of the great and wise men
who framed our Constitution; and neither they nor
the people of the country contemplated that an
Executive could receive the support of the people
who would afterwards arrogate to himself powers
directly in conflict with all correct ideas of popular
government.
He thought that the President had been unfor-
tunate in the instances he had brought to sustain
his course in the exercise of this prerogative.
What were the instances which, in his judgment,
had made it proper in him to place himself in con-
flict with the representatives of the people? The
first bill he had arrested by the exercise of this
arbitrary prerogative, was an act to provide for the
payment of claims of our own citizens—claims
which had been long before Congress—which had
been deliberately considered, and which, finalJy,
after careful investigation, had passed both Houses
of Congress. The bill was but an act of justice to
those who had long been kept out of their rights.
Congress decided that these claims for French
spoliations should be paid, as they ought to have
been paid forty years ago. The question was one
purely of justice and expediency, belonging to the
representatives of the people. Yet, upon an im-
pression of the President, that it would be incon-
venient to pay the money, or because the claims
