78
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 21,
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 21, 1848.
Mr. Sebastian, from Arkansas, appeared in
his place.
Mr. ATCHISON presented the credentials of
the Hon. William K. Sebastian, elected a Sen-
ator from the State of Arkansas, for the term of
six years from the 4th of March next.
The credentials having been read, Mr. Sebas-
tian was qualified accordingly.
PETITIONS.
Mr. HUNTER presented the petition of John
B. White, asking for a pension due to his father,
who w?s an officer of the Revolution; which was
referred to the Committeeon Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. UPHAiVt presented the petition of John
Dickey and 130 other citizens of Vermont, asking
for the establishment of a new post route; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Fost Roads.
Mr. UNDERWOOD presented the petition of
the administrator of the late Major Weed, asking ,
for the settlement of his accounts on equitable j
principles; which was referred to the Committee |
on Claims. i
Mr. DICKINSON presented the petition of j
Hugh W. Dobbin, asking remuneration for mili-
tary services; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
On motion of Mr. DICKINSON, the papers of
this petitioner were taken from the files and re-
ferred to the same committee.
Mr. YULEE presented a communication from
the vestry and wardens of the Episcopal church at
Saint Augustine, remonstrating against a claim for
a lot of ground, set up by N. Madeore, Catholic
Vicau General of Florida; which was referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
On motion of Mr. KING, the petition and papers 1
in th^ odso of C. G. Guriter, were taken from the j
files and referred to the Committee on Private Land j
Claims. j
On motion of Mr. FELCH, the petition of 1
Thomas L. L. Brent was taken from the files and 1
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations, j
13ILL ON LEAVE. i
Mr. UNDERWOOD, pursuant to notice, asked j
and obtained leave to introduce a bill for the relief |
of Theodore Ofifutt; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Claims.
CLERK" TO A COMMITTEE.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, moved that the
Committee on Pensions have leave to employ a
cleik.
Mr. JOHNSON stated that such was the accu-
mulation of business before the Committee on
Pensions, as to render it impracticable for the
committee to dispense with the services of a clerk.
The motion was agreed to.
MOTIONS.
On motion of Mr. KING, the bill to grant a right
of way and a donation of public lands to the States
of Alabama and Florida, for making a railroad
from Montgomery, in the State of Alabama, to
Pensacola, in Florida, and from thence to the
waters of the Tensaw river,on Mobile Bay, in the
State of Alabama, was taken up and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion of Mr. WESTCOTT, the bill was
taken from the table and reinstated on the calendar.
On motion of Mr. CORWIN, the bill for the
relief of Cadwalader Wallace was taken from the j
table, and reinstated among the general orders on !
the calendar. !
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, !
the Senate proceeded to consider the bill to autho- :
rizc the Secretary of the Treasury, with the ap- |
probation of the Attorney General, to purchase ]
for the United States the interest of Balie Peyton j
in the tract of land on which the lighthouse stands j
at the Southwest Pass, at the mouth of the Mis-
sissippi river.
On motion of Mr. J., the bill was postponed
until Wednesday next, and was made the special
order for that day.
REPORT OF COMMITTEE.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported the bill reorganizing the pay de-
partment of the army, with amendments.
PANAMA RAILROAD.
Mr. CAMERON rose to ask the Senator from
Illinois if there would be any objection in post-
poning the further consideration of the bill to give
compensation in aid of the construction of a rail-
road across the Isthmus of Panama? He desired
to be absent until after the holidays, and he hoped
the bill would not be taken up until after his re-
turn.
Mr. DOUGLAS replied that the Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] who had more particu-
larly the charge of the bill, was not in his seat;
but he presumed the parties interested would not
object to a delay. He would therefore name
Tuesday week for the consideration of the bill.
The adverse report of the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, on the petition of Gustavus C.
Hamer, was taken up, and, on motion of Mr.
Johnson, of Louisiana, was laid on the table for
the present.
Mr. CLAYTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the adverse report on the petition of
Arnold Naudain was yesterday concurred in.
The motion lies over for consideration.
COLLECTION DISTRICT IN NEW YORK.
On motion of Mr. DIX, the Senate proceeded to
consider the bill to establish a collection district in
New York; which was read a third time, and
passed.
On motion of Mr. DIX, the title was amended
to read, " An act to extend certain privileges to the
town of Whitehall, in the State of New York."
RESOLUTIONS.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
,j by Mr. Niles, was taken up, and agreed to:
]i Ilesoheth That the St cietaiy of the Trenniry inform the
,1 Senate what consfincrion ha .!>een given to the revenue act
j! of IbJ'lO, in respect to duties acmmig and collected on mi-
11 pomtions on which a bounty is pant on their exportation by
any foreign eountiy; and paiticularly, \vh< tin r the amount
|1 of such bounty lias been deducted trom the invoice or valu-
!; ation of such imports at the place from whence imported.
jj On motion of Mr. BRIGHT, it was
I Resolved, That the President, of the United States be re-
,! quested to communicate to the Senate (if in In* opinion
j' not incompatible with the public service1) a copy of the de-
li spatche* tian?mittod to the Secretary of State in August last,
m by the lesident Minister at Rio Janeiro, in reference to the
! service and seneial comiiiet of Commodore G. W. Storer,
li commander-in-chief of the United States naval forecs on
j j the coast of Biazil.
ji On motion of Mr. CLARKE, it was
Resolved, That the Ptesident of the Umtud States bo re-
quested to communicate, to the Senate a hit of all treaties
of icciprocity in navigation, which have been concluded
between the United States and other nation?, with the date
of the execution of each. ANo, a statement o'f the trade and
commerce of «-uch nations, respectively, together with the
^ population of each, and the effect of Mich tieahes, eompar-
, atively, upon the commerce and navigation of the United
States.
! On motion of Mr. NILES, it was
i Revolved, That the Postmaster Geneial be diieeted to
, communicate to the Senate a copy of the teport to him
] made by S. II. llobbie. Assistant Postmaster Geneial.
| CAPTORS OF -THE PHILADELPHIA.
■ Mr. YULEE. I have been requested to ask the
Senate to take up, though not in its order, a bill
' for the relief of the captors of the frigate Philadel-
| phia, at Tripoli. It is a case of long standing, and
] a very meritorious one. It should therefore be
i acted on very speedily.
I The bill was taken up accordingly, and read and 1
; considered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro- [
poses to give the sum of $100,000, under the di- '
! rection of the Secretary of the Navy, to the officeis !
and crew of the ketch Intrepid, commanded by \
j Stephen Decatur, who were engaged m the capture j
; and destruction of the frigate Philadelphia, in the
; harbor of Tripoli, on the 16th Februaty, 1804, to I
i be distributed pro rata among the officers and crew, [
j according to the rates fixed by the 6th section of
; the act of April 23d, 1800, for the better govern- 1
■ mem of the navy of the United States. The sum t
! specified in the bill appears to have been regarded 1
[ as one half of the estimated value of the frigate. I
J At the request of several Senators, the report i
made by Mr. Yulee, from the Committee on j
, Naval Affairs, on the 10th of August last, on this
subject, was read by the Secretary. The facts '
therein stated are memorable m our history. Du-
; ring our contentions for the freedom of navigation '
J of the Mediterranean, and after the war" with'
' Tripoli had commenced, a small squadron, under
( the command of Commodore Preble, (the United 1
I States frigate Constitution being the flag ship,)
was despatched by our Government for the pur-
pose of carrying on hostilities against that despotic
Power, and bring it to terms.
The United States frigate Philadelphia, one of
the squadron commanded by Captain Cambridge,
when cruising off the harbor of Tripoli, struck
upon the rocks lying in the immediate vicinity of
the fortifications, and was stranded. Finding it
impossible, after using every exertion, to get off
his vessel, or to resist the overwhelming force of
the enemy, Captain Bainbridge was forced to sur-
render, and his officers and men were made prison-
ers, and removed to the dungeons of the cily fort-
ifications. The frigate, subsequently, was got off
the rocks by the Tripohtans, having sustained but
little injury, and was moored by them within
pistol-shot of the Tripolitan navy, manned and
made ready for sea. More than one hundred
pieces of heavy cannon were mounted on board of
the different vessels of the Tripohtans, manned by
upwards of one thousand seamen; and the whole
lay withinuhe immediate protection of formidable
land batteries, consisting of one hundred and fifteen
pieces of heavy artillery, and within sight of a
force of twenty thousand troops, stationed in the
city and its vicinity.
The loss of this fine frigate and her noble crew
was most seriously felt, and proved a great detri-
ment to the American squadron, in carrying on
efficient operations against an active enemv.
Under these circumstances, so annoying to our
squadron, the then Lieutenant Stephen Decatur,
conceived the bold idea of recapturing the Phila-
delphia with his vessel, the United States schooner
Enterprise, which he then commanded, and com-
municated his plan of operation to Commodore
Preble.
The Commodore was fully impressed with the
importance of so daring an act, approved the plan,
and accepted the offer of Lieutenant Decatur's
services. But, sensible that success must depend
on the secrecy, celerity, and gallantry of its exe-
cution, and that an attempt to bring out the frigate,
if captured, would, in all probability, be attended
with too great hazard and loss of life, gave peremp-
tory orders to set fire, after capture, to every ac-
cessible part of the frigate; and, after u blowing out
her bottom," to abandon her.
In compliance with this permission and his
orders, Lieutenant Decatur manned a small ketch,
of about sixty tons, (which he had recently cap-
tured, and was named by Commodore Preble the
" Intrepid,") with seventy officers and men, volun-
teers from his own vessel, and sailed from Syra-
cuse, where the American squadron lay, on the
3d February, 1804.
| Hehad anunusuallystormypassage.andarnved
I on the 16th following off the coast. After perfecting
j all his arrangements, he ran, after dark, into the
| harbor of Tripoli, disguising his movements as
, much as possible, to deceive the enemy, by whom
| he was observed and suspected; and at about 10
I p. m. lay his vessel boldly alongside the Plnladel-
' phia, boarded and carried her, sword in hand, in
, the most_gallant style, after a severe though short
| conflict on the decks of the frigate, in which
j upwards of twenty of the enemy were slam, and
j the rest driven below or overboard.
! The capture was made with such gallant daring,
, and with so many concurring favoring circunv
, stances, that, in the opinion of many, tiie frigate
' could have been easily carried out of the harbor,
! and again added to the American squadron. But
the peiemptory orders of Commodore Preble for-
, bade such an attempt; and, after delibeiately setting
her on fire, as directed in his insti actions, and re-
mainingon board " until the fire had communicated
to the rigging andtops," Decatur abandoned her
to her fate, bringing off his whole crew, under
a heavy fire from the batteries and shipping, with-
out the loss of a man, (having but one slightly
wounded,) and rejoined the American squadton.
Mr. KING. I would ask the chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs whether a bill making
an allowance of a considerable sum of money to
some of the individuals under the claim now pro-
posed to be allowed, has not already been paid ?
Mr. YULEE. No, sir. Several favorable re-
ports have been made, and several bills have been
reported to Congress, but they have ahvays failed
of passage, on account of the contest that has been
going on with respect to the distribution of pri/e-
money. The contest arose from the fact that the
vessel had not the usual quota of officers on board;
