1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GL<5BE.
79
and the officers in command claim that they should
receive the whole amount which would have been
allowed had the vessel heen fully officered. They
would thus have received a larger proportion of |^
the prize-money than they were justly entitled to. j
The present committee have been endeavoring to
bring this struggle to a close by adoping a new ['
scheme for the distribution of the prize-money, !;
under which the men and inferior officers will
receive a much larger proportion of the prize-money
than they have heretofore expected. It is indeed
a case of high merit, and one that would have been !j
settled long ago but for the claims set up by the j!
representatives of Commodore Decatur.
Mr. KING. I suppose there is not a member !
of this body who is not prepared to give full credit jj
to all—particularly to the commanding officer— |
who were engaged in this enterprise. It was cer- j|
tainly one of the most brilliant ever undertaken, j,
and m consequence of the gailantry evinced by all ■!
concerned in the expedition, Commodore Decatur j!
and the officers under him received very rapid pro- |
motion. I recollect the case well. It has been
before Congress many years, and v/as not brought j
forward at an earlier period because Decatur was
not the man to present it. He, as well as all the j|
officers connected with him, regarded their pro- ![
motions somewhat in the light of remuneration, ji
In regard to allowing the officers one-half the |!
amount of tiie value of the vessel captured, that ji
principle was adopted in order to secure to our ;j
naval officers an appropriate reward, in cases of j j
vessels destroyed because of their crippled state at i
sea, or because they could not be brought into port j
for fear of capture by the enemy. This rule pre- ;
vailed for some time, though it was ultimately dis- j
regarded. If I am not very much mistaken, the
honorable Senator from Florida [Mr. Yui.ee] is in I
error as to the statement of an allowance having !
been made, to any of these parties whose claim is \
now before us. I would ask the Secretary if a j
law was not passed some years ago, giving a con- j
siderable amount of money to Susan, widow of
Commodore Decatur, in consequence of certain j
claims put forth by her, and arising out of the j
destruction of the fiigate Philadelphia? j
Mr. YULEE. It was some other claim, sir. i
Mr. KING. I am under the impression that
such is the fact; but, at any rate, it is a matter ;
worthy of inquiry whether we have not acted upon .
this subject before; and whether a partial, if not a :
general allowance has not been made to some of
these officers' I think the honorable Senator had
better allow the bill to lie over till the facts can be ;
inquired into. I am prepared to go as far as any |
man on this floor in rewarding our officers and ;
seamen for gallantry and good conduct, upon any
and every occasion, when we have the opportunity.
A more meritorious officer than Stephen Decatur
never served any country under the sun. The
officers associated with him were men who distin- !
guished themselvesnotonly upon thatoccasion, but
subsequently upon other occasions; and, although -
I am disposed to act liberally towards them, I am ;
not inclined to pass this bill without first knowing j
■whether they have not already been compensated \
- in some degree by the Government. 1 do not allude 1
now to the fact of their promotion,'but to a bill for
their compensation. |
Mr. HALE. 1 would call the attention of the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs to the
facts m this case, as I have gathered them from
the public newspapers. Tills claim has been before ;
Congress as long as I have been m the habit of '
reading newspapers. I recollect the fact alluded
to by the Senator from Alabama. This claim was
oriffin-Ued before Congress some twenty years ago,
and failed to pass. Soon after the failuie of tins
specific hill, there was introduced into Congress,
and it became a law, a bill for the distribution of
the n.ual pension fund, which made most ex-
travagant and extraordinary appropriations to the
widows of naval officers. Under the operation of
this hill the naval fund was soon dissipated and
entirely wasted. I think it will be found that under
that act Mrs. Decatur receivul more than four times .
the amount to which she would be entitled under ,
the present bill. That general law having entirely
dissipated the naval pension fund, we are now
obliged to make appropriations fiom the treasury
to meet such cases as are now renewed and asked
for in the passage of this bill. I trust, it the bill
be permitted to lie over a few days, the honorable ;
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs will ;
be able to state to the Senate how much the widow j
of Commodore Decatur has actually received under
the act for the distribution of the naval pension
fund.
Mr. BADGER. I agree with the Senator from
Alabama [Mr. King] that if Government has here-
tofore paid all or any portion of these claimants,
they ought not to be paid again. I think the Sen- !
ator will find that no payment has at any time been (
made with reference to the claim upon which
for these purposes. This act was approved March
i! 3, 1813. Senators will find it on pages 175-6, of
ij the volume.of Naval Laws.
I The second act to which I have referred v.'ill be
j found on page 17f> of the same work. It is entitled
j " ' An act to reward theofficers and crew of the sloop
j! of war Hornet, and Lieutenant Elliott and his offi-
cers and companions;" and it authorizes the Presi-
dent of the United States to have distributed as
prize money, to Captain James Lawrence, late of
we are now called uponjo act. It seems proper ii the sloop of war Hornet, his officers and crew, or
though, and I hope the honorable chairman of the I; their widows and children, the sum of $25,000,
Committee on Naval Affairs will yield to the sug- ,j for the capture and destruction of the British brig
gestion, that the bill should not pass without fujl '[ Peacock; and to Lieutenant Elliott and his officers
opportunity for investigation. I take this oppor- and companions, or their widows and children, the
tunity, however, to say, that I know of no event ^ sum of $12,000, for the capture and destruction of
in the history of the American arms so worthy of <! the British brig Detroit; and the sum of §37,000
the attention of our countrymen as the exploit of ;j was thereby appropriated for those purposes,
the noble and heroic little band who engaged in j| Here are five or six precedents, under two sins-le
the destruction of this vessel. And if they had not ; j acts, in succession, and, upon reference, there
h oi-otnfni'fl yanai rorf fha inat nanuniriKii nr\ i-v-i nnnn.i i — - " I. i l_ _ p _ . __ _1 J .1
heretofore received the just pecuniary compensa-
tion to which they were entitled, I consider it only
proves that Congress ought not to suffer this debt
to remain longer unpaid; the payment of it, in fact,
has been already too long delayed for the credit of
the Government.
A word m reference to the suggestion of the
Senator from New Hampshire. He is mistaken
in supposing that the allowance to Mrs. Decatur,
under the act passed by Congress by which the
distribution of the naval pension fund was made,
has anything to do with the case now under con-
sideration by the Senate. That act, or the allow-
ance under that act, has nothing to do with this
clai rn.
Mr. YULEE. Undoubtedly the Senator from
Alabama is mistaken in his impression that there
has been already a part payment of this claim. 1
am willing, in accordance with the general rule,
that the bill should lie over till he can satisfy him-
self on this point, I feel quite sure that he will
find himself mistaken as to the impression resting
upon his mind: however, that impression existing,
the bill ought to lie oyer until Senators shall be
satisfied with respect to it—to be taken up again
at the earliest period practicable.
While 1 am up, I would say that I apprehend
the Senator is mistaken in reference to the practice
of Congress in cases of this description; and, m
order that this case may hot pass of?, leaving an
incorrect impression upon the minds of Senators,
I will call the attention of the Senate to precedents
which will remove any doubt in relation to it. The
committee who have had this case under examina-
tion have decided in the former reports they have
made, that it was in accordance with long-contin-
ued and well-established precedents m the legisla-
tion of the country to allow claims of this charac-
ter. These precedents will be found in the volume
of Naval Laws; and if the Senator will refer to
them, he will find that they completely establish
the practice of the Government in reference to cases
of this description. He is mistaken in supposing
that, a meritorious reward has not always been
allowed in cases of the destruction of captured
vessels, whether destroyed or brought into port. ■
On the contrary, such allowance of reward has
always been made. In this particular instance, the 1
destruction was carried on by the express command
of Commodore Preble, who apprehended, owing
to the extreme hazaid of the enterprise, and the
necessary exposuie to which it would subject the
lives of the crew, that the attempt to bnng'the
Philadelphia into harbor would pro\e a failure.
Nevertheless, it has been found, upon examination
of the papers of his associate officers, that but for,
this order she might have been preserved. Here
are two laws, passed in quick succession, in the
year 1813, which establish the precedents to which
1 have alluded. The first is an act rewarding the
officers and crew of the frigate Constitution, and
the officers and crew of the Wasp, and others. It
authorizes the President of the United States to
have distributed as prize money to Captain Isaac
Hull, of the frigate Constitution, his officers and
ciew, the sum of §50,000, for the capture and de-
struction of the British frigate Guerriere; and the
like sum in like manner to Captain William R.isn-
bridge, his officers and crew, for the capture and
destruction of the British frigate Java; and the sum
of $25,000 in like manner to Captain Jacob Jones,
of the sloop of war Wasp, his officers and crew,
for the capture of the British sioop of war Frolic;
and the sum of $125,000 was appropriated thereby
might be found a dozen others.
A word in regard to another point which may
be calculated to awaken prejudices against this bill.
The Senator refers not only to what Decatur's
widow has received under a certain provision of
law, but also to the rapid promotion of Decatur
himself. It may be true that Decatur was Vapidly
promoted, but certainly not beyond his merits. It
may be true, also, that his widow received a con-
siderable amount of money, but it was for the
pension due her under the general law. This bill
comes now before the Senate upon the petition of
the steward of the vessel, who volunteered and
acted as a sailor on this occasion, and the petition
of a poor worn-out old vsatlor at the navy-yard. It
is not on the petition of the officers commanding
when the prize was destroyed, but on the applica-
tion of the seamen, whose claim comes to us in the
character of a debt, the payment of which has been
delayed for so many years on account of the strug- >
gle amongst the officers for a larger share of the
prize money than they were entitled to under'the
j prize act. The committee have adopted the prize
j act as the rule of distribution, which accords to the
; men a larger proportion of the prize money than
| the officers would have been inclined to give them*
The application comes from the men; and if the
; Senate choose to exclude the officers from any
, paiticipation m the distribution proposed, it should
I at least do justice to the men.
; Mr. KING. I do not intend to consume the
time of the Senate; I merely wish for the mform-
, alien which the honorable Senatoi has proposed
to affoid. I know, sir, that during the late war
j with Great Britain there were many cases, some
' of which he has cited, in which we departed from
what we considered the correct course, and allowed
! salvage to the captors of vessels which co#uld not
; be brought into port on account of their crippled
state, or for fear of their falling into the hands of
the enemy. But the principle upon which the
Government acted was to allow for prize money
one-half the amount of the value of the prize ves-
sel only when brought into poit.
Mr. YULEE. 1 would ask when that prece-
dent was established? During the war of 1813 I
know of no such precedent
Mr. KIXG. I am referring to vessels captured
in the war with Gieat Britain. It was apprehend-
ed that some of them would fall again into the
hands of the enemy, and, m consequence, a suit-
able rewaid was made for their destruction; but
; the reasons for these cases appear on the statute
book, and do not constitute a precedent. I was
aware, a6? I before stated, that a bill had been
passed allowing compensation to one' of these
claimants. That bill, I find, is a joint resolution,
and passed on the 3d of March, 1837; and it gives
to the v, idow of Stephen Decatur, to be paid out
of the navy fund, a pension for five years; and
another act was passed on the 30th of June, 1837,
allowing to her the pay of a post-captain.
[Mr. K. here read the acts referred to.]
This pension bill, as I understand it, was passed
at that time in consequence of her peculiar situa-
tion, and because of this claim on account of the
1 gallant and meritorious services of her husband.
But was it usual to allow pensions to the widows
: of officers not destroyed in the service? The Sen-
ator will say no.
Mr. YULEE. I will answer the Senator on that
particular point. The legislation of the country
lias been devious and fluctuating in this particular,
: Sometimes the law has allowed pensions to the
