80
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 21.
widows of officers who have died in service in
consequence of wounds, and sometimes to the
widows of those dying a natural death; but now
the benefit of pensions is extended to the widows |
of all officers who die in consequence of the ex- ;
traordinary vicissitudes of the service. Whatever
may have been the reason which has induced
Congress to pass laws which may have thus con-
flicted, it is certain that a law allowing to the
widows of deceased officers a pension cannot be
pleaded as an offset against the payment of a debt
due to officers and men as the captors of a prize
vessel. I say debt due, because what has been
an established and regular practice in such cases
should be regarded as a certainty, upon which all
engaged in the public service may rely. I do not
think it proper, or politic, or even legal, to dis-
regard the established practice of Government in
any particular case. Every rule of practice of this
description has some good end in view; and those
who direct their energies toward the accomplish-
ment of the end ought to receive the benefit of the
rule. Under this invariable practice of the Gov-
ernment, I cannot but regard this prize money as
a debt due by the Government to these men. The
rule should be observed with respect to these men,
as it has been towards all other captors of prize ;
vessels. I do not know that there is a single pre-
cedent to the contrary. If the Senator knows of
one, I wish he would cite it. I have no objections
to the postponement.
No amendment being offered to the bill, it was
reported to the Senate, when, the question being
upon the engrossment—
Mr. HALE demanded the yeas and nays, which
were ordered.
Mr. BREESE again called for the reading of
the bill; and it was read.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I would be glad if this
matter could lie over for a few days. The claim
is a very stale one, originating many years back.
For one, I should like to know a little more about
it. I am inclined to vote for the bill as at present
advised; but for the purpose of getting some more
perfect and satisfactory information upon the sub-
ject, I hope that, for the present, it will be allowed
to lie over.
Mr. YULEE. I have no objection to its being
passed over informally.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I move that it be post-
poned until to-morrow.
The question was taken upon the postponement,
and agreed to.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the bill for the relief of Frederick Dawson, Fred-
erick Schott, and Ehsha D. Whitney; which, on
motion *>f Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, was
passed over for the present.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the House bill for the relief of Calvin Emmons,
reported from the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
Mr. WESTCOTT. In relation fto this bill, I
will observe, that I desire to offer a slight amend-
ment to it, but have not at this moment in my
possession a paper which it is necessary for me to
have in order to enable me to do so. Since the
bill was reported, Mr. Emmons has died, and it
will be necessary that there should be a provision
for the payment of the money to the executor or
administrator, whose name I am not now in pos- !
session of. I therefore ask that the bill be passed !
by informally, or that the further consideration be !
postponed,until to-morrow. j
The bill was accordingly postponed. j
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to the consideration of the House bill for
the relief of Colonel Robert Wallace, aid-de-camp
to General William Hull; which was reported to !
the Senate without amendment. !
The question being on ordering the bill to a third :
reading, a division was called for. |
Mr. BRIGHT objected to the passage of the i
bill; he desired that it should be passed over. ;
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I regret very much to :
see any opposition manifested to the passage of i
this bill. The petitioner, who is a citizen of Ken- !
tucky, I know lo be in great need of the allowance. |
He is an aged man, and there is no doubt about
his having rendered the services as stated in the
report. ^ Why then refuse to grant the allowance?
The claim has been passed upon by the committee
upon the testimony of General Cass, General Jes-
up, and others, and I hope there will be no obstacle
now thrown in the way. At all events, if there is
opposition, the grounds of that opposition should
be stated. The testimony is of such a nature as
ought to be satisfactory.
Mr. BRIGHT. If it is desirable that objection
should be stated, I will state what my objections
are. This is one of that class of cases which seems
to depend upon their antiquity for their success. If
the claim had any intrinsic merit, 1 have no doubt
it would have been paid long since. One hundred
and eighty dollars is claimed as the price of ahorse.
This, it strikes me, is an exorbitant sum. The
v/hole claim is just one of that kind that ought
never to be enteitained by Congress.
Mr. BUTLER. I am not aware of any princi-
ple upon which payment for ahorse can be claimed.
Perhaps the Senator from Kentucky can furnish
some light in regard to that point. It may be
all right, but I confess I know of no such princi-
1 Ple-
! Mr KING. Let the bill lie over.
| Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have no objection that
; it should lie over, but I will state to the gentleman
I over the way that there was a bill passed, I believe,
at the last session of Congress providing for the
payrhent for property lost in the late war with
Mexico, horses included, which is precisely estab-
lishing the principle that is doubted by the gentle-
man, and that is proposed to be pursued in this
case by paying the aid of General Hull for the
horse he lost. A bill of that-sort certainly passed
one if not both Houses of Congress last session.
However, I have no objection that this bill should
be postponed until to-morrow, and I will endeavor
to look further into the case. The bill has passed
| the House of Representatives after having been
i submitted to theCommittee on Claims of thai body,
| and has also been examined by the Committee on
I Militaiy Affairs here, and that committee, Gen-
: eral Cass being at its head, reported favorably
| upon it. It belongs, therefore, rather to some
member of that committee to fortify and sustain
the bill by argument. But, sir, coming to us as
it does from the Military Committee with the sanc-
tion of General Cass, who must be presumed to
have known something of the facts attending the
case, having been acquainted with the individual
personally, I am surprised that it should meet with
the opposition it has. There is no doubt that the
service was rendered; and because the man was
unfortunately captured, is that a leason why his
claim should not be paid? If it is to be our rule
of action that the successful soldier alone is to be
i compensated, and he who is captured to be treated
! with neglect, and his just rights refused, we shall
I not long continue to find men willing to enter the
; military service. Are we going to establish a rule
| of that sort? This gentleman did act as aid to
General Hull: I wish his aid had been more effect-
ive, and that the whole expedition had been suc-
cessful, instead of ending in a surrender of the
army. But that is no reason why we should refuse
to allow this officer the price of his horse; and as
to the amount claimed for the horse, I can inform
the gentleman that there were horses owned by
officers of our army during the war of 1812 that
were worth double that sum. Gentlemen, if they
choose to inform themselves on the subject, will
find that ourofficers were in the habit of riding the
most valuable horses that were to be procured in
the country; and they will find that the price here
j named is a very moderate one. At all events, I
i do not think the gentleman opposite was at alljust-
; ified in making the remark he did, that the sum
charged was double the value of this particular
horse. However, I am willing that the bill should
lie over, and in the mean time I will endeavor to
look into all the facts.
Mr. BRIGHT. I submit to the Senator's own
' judgment whether the lapse of time that has been
| suffered to occur before the presentation of this
; claim be not sufficient evidence 'prima facie that the
1 claim has no merit. Besides, there is no testimony
| to prove that any service was rendered. On the
; contrary, the report rather goes to show that the
j committee were not satisfied of the justness of the
j claim. I say the presumption is, that if the party
: were entitled to remuneration, he would have as-
1 serted his right at the time it acciued. The fact
| of the claim not having been brought forwaid until
j years afterwards, is to my mind conclusive that it
j is a trumped-up affair, and I am sorry to say there
are too many cases of that kind brought forward
session after session.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I do not know that my
friend over the way is altogether correct in suppo-
sing th$t this is a claim that has but recently been
brought forward. It is suggested by my friend on
my left, that it is an acquaintance of his of ten or
twelve years standing. When it was brought for-
ward for the first time, I am not apprized. I believe
the rule applicable to wine is applicable to claims
before Congress; the older they get, the better they
are; and in my official character, m one oi the other
House of Congress, I have had to act sometimes
upon claims of forty and fifty years standing, and
very good claims they were too, even when origi-
nally presented. Now, of the peculiar circumstan-
ces in this case which prevented it from being
brought forward sooner, 1 am not apprized. It may
be that Mr. Wallace never intended to present his
claim at all until the hand of necessity was laid upon
him, so as to make the pittance of some conse-
quence to him in his old age. That may have been
tne case. If the subject is postponed, I will en-
deavor to obtain ail necessary information, so as
to be enabled to answer the objections which the
gentleman from Indiana has started by laying all
the facts before the Senate. I hope, therefore, the
motion to postpone will prevail.
Mr. BREESE. I cannot see the necessity for
postponement. The report of the committee, it
seems, puts the Senate in possession of all that
need be stated. It fails entirely to show the ex-
istence of any valid claim. It does not appear that
the petitioner ever held rank in the army. It is
very probable that he was an amateur aid, else why
were his accounts never allowed by the accounting
officers of the Government? If he had rank in the
army it would have been known at the War De-
partment, and his accounts would have been ad-
justed. For my own part, I cannot find that any
claim has ever been presented at the proper depart-
ment.
Mr. KING. My honorable friend from Illinois
has not examined the case, or he would have un-
derstood distinctly that the claim was made by Mr.
Wallace in 1837, and not before. It was in 1812,
I think, that the surrender of General Hull took
place, and it was not until 1837 that this claim was
presented, and it was then rejected by the proper
officers of the Government, upon grounds proba-
bly thought satisfactory. Mr. Wallace did not
think proper to come before Congress until 1846.
Then his claim was presented and this report was
made. If the friends of the claim persist in urging
it forward without furnishing some more substan-
tial evidence of its validity, I apprehend they will
sustain a signal defeat. The claim is a most ex-
traordinary one. Suppose the Government should
acknowledge and pay such claims, it would be
neither more nor less than offering a premium for
treachery. Is it the policy of this Government to
encourage the surrender of our troops to the ene-
my by paying for all the property they may lose?
The representatives of General Hull might claim
payment for five or six horses—as a major gen-
eral he would be entitled to that number—and he
lost a good deal of property besides. Upon the
same rule that would have to be paid for by the
Government. He lost also—which was a matter
of much greater consequence—the power of pro-
tecting our frontier; he lost his gallant little army,
who were as indignant as men could be at the
dastardly conduct of their leader, and he was him-
self afterwards tried for the act. Now, very pos-
sibly this gentleman (Mr. Wallace) was there as
a volunteer. Why was he not paid as the other
officers were ? Why come forward at this late day
and ask to be paid for services as aid to General
Hull ? If he was in truth an officer of the army,
he must have been paid, or ought to have been
paid, as the other officers were. As for paying
for the property lost, I suspect, if we examine the
subject, it will be found that this is the first case
of the kind that has ever been presented to Con-
gress; and, being the first, I hope that, instead of
allowing it to become a precedent for the introduc-
tion of similar applications, we shall at once stamp
it with our reprobation.
The further consideration of the bill was post-
poned until to-morrow.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration,
as in Committee of the Whole, of the House biil
for the relief of Archibald Bull and Lemuel S.
Finch; which was reported to the Senate without
