THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
PRINTED
AND PUBLISHED
AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON,
BY BLAIR & RIVES.
30tii Congress,
2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1848..
New Series Ko. fi.
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a third
time, and passed.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to the consideration of the House bill for
relief of, Esther Russell; which was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third read-
ing, and subsequently, by unanimous consent, was
read a third time, and passed.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to the consideration of the House bill for
the relief of Zilpha White; when the report accom-
panying the bill was read—
Mr. BRIGHT remarked there was nothing in the
paper just read to show that there was the least
merit in the claim. The object in granting pen-N
sions was to give compensation for long and tried
cervices. The services rendered by the deceased
husband of the present applicant were not of that
description. The-passage of the bill would be a
departure from the principle which had heretofore
governed their legislation. ,
Mr. FELCH. I merely wish to remark, that
under the law as it now exists, a pension may be
allowed, and it would have been allowed, if the
Commissioner of Pensions had been satisfied that
there had been six months' service. The only
difficulty in the case was the doubt whether there
had been six months' service performed, and in
the muster roll the christian name of the husband
of the applicant was left blank. There is a mass
of testimony showing that this White was the
husband of the petitioner, and the only question
was as to the length of the period-o'f service.
JSdr. BUTLER". I am satisfied that this man
served more than §ix months; but, even if this
were not the case, I should be in favor(and I am
ready to pledge myself to that extent) of giving a
pension to any revolutionary soldier, or the widow
of any such soldier, who had served but three
months. There were many deserving men in the
ranks of the army, men who rendered most effi-
cient service, whose period of service did not ex-
ceed three months. I certainly have no hesitation
in voting for this pension on the ground that the
period of service was brief.
Mr. WESTCOTT. I would inquire of the hon-
orable Senator from Michigan whether the general
law granting pensions to revolutionary soldiers
authorizes a pension where the period of service !
did not exceed six months? My impression is,
that nine months' service was required.
Mr. FELCH. Six months'service was all that
was required.
Mr. WESTCOTT. Does that apply to soldiers
not in the continental army? Does it apply to
State troops ?
Mr. FELCH. It applies equally to both.
The bill was then reported to the Senate without
amendment, was ordered to a third reading, and
was read a third time and passed.
The,Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to the consideration of the House bill for
the relief of the heirs of William Evans; which was
reported to the Senate without amendment, was
ordered to a third reading, and read a third time
and passed.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
bill for the relief of Henry D. Garrison; which was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
The report accompanying the bill having been
read—
Mr. BRADBURY inquired of the chairman of
the committee by whom this bill was reported,
what amount of money it involved, and from what
source the money was to be derived ?
Mr. DOWNS replied that the whole amount of
money granted by the bill was about fifty thousand
dollars, and that "it was to be derived from the sale
.of lands which had been obtained from the Indians.
The land had been held for some time at five dol-
lars per acre, and some of it had been disposed of
at (hat price, but it had been thought advisable to
reduce the price to two dollars and a half per acre.
The money which ought to have been devoted to
the payment of this claim, which was of long
6
standing, had been appropriated to other purposes.
After a full consideration ofall the facts connected
with the case, the committee had come to the con-
clusion to recommend, that out of the future pro-
ceeds of the sale of these lands, this claim should
be paid. There was a bill upon the calendar pro-
viding for the sale, and no doubt the money would
readily be obtained.
Mr, BRADBURY. I think I understand, from
the reading of the report, (for the committee state
it very frankly,) that the case is regarded bv them
as one that is not free from doubt. And bills are
frequently reported in such cases in order that the
subject may be presented for the consideration of ,
Congress. It would seem that the treaty provides"0
for the payment to be made from the proceeds of '
the sales of the lands, and that the price at which
they had been offered in the market was such that
the lands had not been disposed of;, and now it is
proposed to make a disposition of the lands by a
reduction of plvice. I think it is deserving of con-
sideration whether it would not be as well to wait
and see whether we can realize from the sale of the j
land the money to make the payment according to j
the terms of the treaty,"and not anticipate it; and |
I would suggest, therefore, that the bill be passed i
by informally, that an opportunity may be afforded, j
now that attention has been attracted to the sub- >
ject, to examine the matter a little. ll confess I ]
should like to lpok into it somewhat further; for j
I do not wish to oppose the measure, nor am I
prepared at present to vote for it. It involves a
large amount of money, and deserves a careful
examination.
Mr. DOWNS. If the Senator entertains a doubt
as to the propriety of the passage of the bill, I
have no objection that the subject should be post-
poned until to-morrow, in order that he may ex-
amine it.
The bill was accordingly postponed.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the bill for the relief of Henry Vincent, adminis-
trator of the estate of James Lecaze; which was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
The report accompanying said bill having been
read—
Mr. WESTCOTT. I feel constrained to vote
against ail bills of this character, based merely upon
these old balances found canceled on the treasury
books. I will state some facts as to this class of
claims, which should induce great caution by Con-
gress in allowing them. At the last session a claim
was presented by the representatives of a gentle-
man named Cox, of New Orleans, founded upon a
balance, I believe, of thirteen or fourteen hundred j
dollars, stated in a certificate of theFourth Auditor
of the Tressary to stand on the books of his office
open and in favor of Cox for stores sold to the
navy agent. Being referred to the Committee on j
Claims in the other House, it reported in favor of :
the claim, and I believe the bill passed the House
and was sent here. If not, a petition was presented
here and referred to the Committee on Claims.
The committed were about reporting in favor of
the claim, when it was suggested that Mr. Cox
was a wealthy merchant and a strict business man
of high respectability, not likely to letsuch a claim
remain unsettled; and it was recollected that he had
once been sued as security of the navy agent, and
the r.asfi decided by the Supreme Court; and the So-
licitor of the Treasury, Mr. Gillet, being applied
to, that vigilant officer hunted up the record of the
suit, and found that Cox had claimed to set off this
identical balance claimed as against the United
States in that suit, and that it had been allowed to
him. The mode of settlement was the cause of
the omission by the clerks to enter the credit on the
books. Mr. Cox had died, and most probably some
one of these persons who make a business of hunt-
ing up those old balances, and kindly advising the
representatives of deceased parties of the existence
of them, informed his adminstrators of its standing
open, and then comes the petition to Congress.
There have been several cases of like character
before the Committee on Claims at former sessions.
The fact that balances are found open in an old
book is no evidence of their not being paid. The
treasury has been twicfe or three times burnt, and
books and papers destroyed. The only safe gen*
eral, rule is to enforce the limitation act of six years
strictly. Delay for a longer time should, at least
till rebutted, afford strong presumption against
the justice of the claim. I shall therefore vote
against this claim, and all like it.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, the argument of
the honorable Senator from Florida, [Mr. West-
cott,] it seems to me, is not very well founded.
He apprehends,.that because one or tjvo \facts
show that the Committee on Claims have Been
once or twice deceived, all balances due from the.
Government to individuals should be disallowed.
The sum and substance of that argument is, there-
fore, that we ought not to pay any claim whatever
because a few mistakes have been made by the
Committee on Claims.
I have investigated the case.now under consid-
eration thoroughly. When I commenced the'in-
vestigation 1 entertained strong prejudices against
the claim, but my prejudices were dispelled by the
facts elicited during my Examination of the case.
I find the fact to be this: that on the books kept
at the time that this debt wns contracted by the
Government, a large balance stands credited to the
claimant. I also find, that when these accounts
were shortly afterwards transferred to other books:,
this balance was likewise transferred, and appears
in another place. The proof, then, is, that the
claimant left this country and went to the Island
of San Domingo, where he was killed, during the
negro insurrection that overthrew the government
of that island.
In all the books, this balance is put down as
coming to the claimant. The individuals who
have presented this petition are his heirs, and the
fact that they knew nothing about the existence of
the clain> sufficiently accounts for their not pre-
senting their petition before.
I have taken much pains to give this case a
thorough and careful examination, because I was
prejudiced against it at the outset on account of
its long standing, and I have been convinced that
it is a just* and true claim for means actually fur-
nished to the United States when they needed aid.
I have never seen any claim that stood upon a
better foundation than that upon which this claim
rests.
Mr. NILES. Mr. President, it is no reason that
a claim should be admitted because a balance is
found upon the register in favor of the claimant.
In every ease of this kind there are two points
which should be considered:
First. Is the claim preferred against the Gov-
ernment supported by such proof as to justify the
inference that the party in whose favor it is pre-
ferred is entitled to receive it?
Second. Have the heirs a legal right, as admin-
istiators.of the affairs of the deceased, to collect
the claim ?
And now, with reference to the first point, is it
established, sir. in the case before us: The regis-
ter is resorted to for proof \n this case. But the
register is by no means a guide as to whether there
be a balance for or against any individual. I be-
lieve that there are balances standing on those books
against the most distinguished men of the country.
I°think I have seen balances on them against John
Adams, Albert Gallatin, - and many other of our
most distinguished citizens, which balances, it
cannot be doubted, had long since been liquidated;
and there is a strong presumption that this claim
has been in some way paid. #
Again: the second point, mentioned as being
necessary to be established, has not, it seems to
I me, been satisfactprily settled. I see no proof that
1 the claimants in this particular case are heirs.
They show no facts wjnch go to prove that they
are the legal heirs of the party to whbm the amount
claimed is said to have been originally due. Well
now, sir, this balance belongs to the creditors of
that party. They are entitled to all personal as-
sets, and, if there be no creditors, then it belonged
to the heirs.
How long, sir, has this matter lain without
