1848. -
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
extent of these lands told, as well as the amount
brought into the treasury by their sate, arid all the
details, are given in externa in the report made at
the last session to which I have alluded.
Now, this bill proposes to pay to Cadwalader
"Wallace the Govsjpment price of these lands, and
to make this payment in land scrip instead of cash,
§# proposed in the bill heretofore reported for his
relief. It is, therefore, a simple question submitted
to the Senate, whether the Government shall oust
their own tenants, so to speak—the vendees who
have bought these lands—and put Wallace in pos-
session, with all their improvements; or whether
the Government shall pay to Wallace, in land
scrip, which he may locate elsewhere, the Gov-
ernment price of these lands, and which he is now
willing to take without interest.
Having submitted these considerations, I move
that the bill be made the special order for Thurs-
day next.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana. From the ex-
planation made by the honorable Senator from
Ohio, it is very evident that the consideration of
this bill will lead to a discussion of one if not of
several days' length. The object of setting apart
Thursday of each week for the consideration of
private bills, was to dispose of the many bills that
have long been awaiting ofir action—reported upon
at the last session—as promptly as possible. I
think it decidedly unjust to take up this bill, that
has been already laid' on the table, in preference to
all other private bills which have_ been on our cal-
endar since the first of last session. I hope that
the honorable Senator will appoint some other day
for the consideration of the bill.
Mr. CORW1N. I am very sure the Senator from
Louisiana [Mr. Johnson] has forgotten my for-
bearance for two or three sessions past, i find
that, notwithstanding my agreement that this bill
should lie upon the table at the last session, 1 am
still represented as obtruding myself upon the Sen-
ate, by asking now that it shall be made the special
order for Thursday next. If the Senator desires
opportunity to examine the bill, 1 must say that
it was for the very purpose of giving opportunity
for examination that I had it laid 00 the table at
the last session. The bill has been thus treated
for three sessions past, and I find that my uniform
kindness and forbearance in waiving its consider-
ation has been entirely lost upon the Senator, and
the bill is to be treated as heretofore. I did not
make my motion for the special order for that day
because I wished to delay the consideration of
private bills. I am still perfectly willing that the
time should be extended—say till Friday week. I
move that it be made the special order for that
day.
The motion was agreed to.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill for the relief
of Charles Waldron; which was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
DRAINING THE EVERGLADES OF FLORIDA.
On motion of Mr. WESTCOTT, the benate
resumed the consideration of the special order,
namely, the bill to authorize the draining of the
Everglades of Florida, and to grant the same to
said State for that purpose.
Mr. WESTCOTT proposed to amend the sixth
section of the bill, by inserting after the word,
"lands," the words "so granted to the State.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. YULEE. I move, sir, to strike out that
condition which requires the State to commence
the work in two years, and to complete it in ten
^Tam perfectly satisfied that the State is totally
incompetent to fulfill-the requirements of that con-
dition. She has as much as she can do to sustain
herself under the ordinary operations of her own
- Government. As to her undertaking to commence
, a work like that proposed in this bill in two years,
and completing it 111 ten, I am satisfied that the idea
is chimerical and pteposterous; and if the grant be
clogged with such conditions, they will render it
utterly valueless. I would move, therefore, that
those conditions be strickcn from the bill.
Mr. WESTCOTT. Mr. President, 1 am op-
posed to the striking out of those words; and, sir,
t would not vote for this bill at all, were there not
some such conditions inserted. My object, as i
have before stated, is to have these lands reclaimed,
not that they should be given to the State of Flor-
ida, but that they may add to the wealth and
strength and interest of tfie whoi$ country. I
know very well, sir, that being a young State,
and impoverished by the Seminole war, Florida
has not funds of her own to commence and" com-
plete this work. I know,-still further, that she
will not have funds of her own siffficient to defray
the expenses of this gigantic scheme in ten years,
nor in twenty years.. And, sir, I do not hesitate
to say, .God forbid that she ever should have
money enough in her treasury to complete this
work, or any more than.enough to defray the
ordinary expenses of her government; for when-
ever she does have a surplus in her treasury, every j
man, woman, and child in the State will be strug-
gling to obtain it. I am opposed to either State
governments or the Federal Government accumu-
lating large surpluses in their treasuries; for I be-
lieve their purity, in agreat measure, depends upon
their having just money enough to get along with;
and I think the people of a poor State are more
likely to be honest than the inhabitants of a rich ,
13ut, sir, notwithstanding the inability of Florida !
to defray the expenses of this work out of her own j
treasury, 1 believe that, if she should undertake in j
good faith to reclaim these lands, plentiful oppor- :
tunities would be offered, of which she could avail j
herself, to raise funds sufficient to carry on and 1
complete the york. I do not suppose that the j
State will perform this labor herself. I do not j
believe that there is a man in the State, or in the ;
whole country, that supposes she will do so. The ;
State will make arrangements with proper persons, '
possessing the requisite skill, energy, and capital, ;
and they will carry on the work. That is the
only way in which it can be done, either in ten or
twenty years. It is only proposed, that if they do
not undertake the work in two years, not to give
them the land at all. They can commence the j
work within two years, and if they cannot com-
plete it within the specified time—ten years—they
can ask for.an extension of the time, and Congress
can give it to them. But I have no doubt, how-
ever, that such arrangements could be made^ as
would insure the completion of the work within
the specified time.
Besides, there is another condition which may
come to the aid of those to whom the task of exe- j:
cuting this shall be confided. The Seminole In- j
dians reside 011 a tract of land which is included |
in the proposed grant, and it is stipulated that they |
shall not be encroached upon until authority shall 1
be given so to do by the President in writing. If ;
this authority be not given, the work cannot be
completed, and must be deferred till the authority j
shall"be received. Bu't I have no fear that the ;
• work cannot be completed in ten as well as in fifty j
I years." . !
Mr. NILES. Mr. President, I see no great use ;
! of limiting the time in which this work shall be j
■ commenced. I see no force at all in that limita- ;
; tion. A man can go there and open a trench in j
one day, and the work is commenced. !
In regard to the bill, sir, I wish to say that the j
1 principles involved in it are very important. It is ;
stated in the bill that these lands are now, and !
ever will be, valueless to the United States. But
it seems that the cession of ,_them to the State of;
Florida is, some way or other, to render them very ;
valuable. I do not understand this. They may
be now of little or no value to the United States, 1
for all that I know, but it seems to me that they
. a>-e worth as much to the nation at lar|e as to a
single State. We have very little data on which
to base an estimate of the worth of these lands;
but from the description which we have had, it
1 appears that considerable portions of them are not
covered with water. These dry lands, it seems
to me, may be of some sen ice hereafter.
Well, now, sir, what will be the eii'ect of this
errant? I apprehend it will be this: I apprehend
that the State will sell all such lands as are now
available at such times as they may come into
market, and that all the others will remain as tney
are.- The great difficulty attending ail measures
of this kind is, that we are compelled to act in the
dark. That was the difficulty attending our ac-
, tion upon the bill introduced last session giving to
the State of Arkansas certain lands lying within
| her boundaries. .
' We have no reliable information at all concern-
1 ing these Florida lands. We have no information
by whieh we can be governed. The description
of the^ lands given in the bill is less full, and
probably less accurate, than that which might be
gleaned from the newspapers of the country.' It"
cannot be relied on to an extent which would
warrant- us in making it the basis of liquidation,
and such a general sweeping grant once made;
may deprive the country of a very large and val-
uable portion of the public domain. No'such grant
should be made till after a careful survey of the'
lands has been made by some officer of the Gov- '
vernment, and his report thereon, giving an ac-
curate description "of the lands, stating their situa-
tion, condition, and extent, and assigning their
boundaries, has been published for the use and
information of the Government and people.
Ii may, perhaps, be good policy to grant away
these land's that ate of little value, but at the sani£
time care should be taken not to grant away lands
that are or may be valuable hereafter. This-billj
it seems to me, would introduce a new principle
in legislation. It is on the principle that these
lands are without value to the United States, and
that by cession to State authority they will be
made valuable. But it is said that the State wilt
render them valuable by reclaiming them at a
great outlay. We have no guarantee that this wilt
be done. In order to accomplish this object, I
think we should have some security 011 the part of
the State that wilt render the reclamation of these
lands certain. As the matter now stands, there is
nothing that renders it at all obligatory on the
State to fulfill the accomplishment of the work.
And they will probably avail themselves of that
portion of the lands which is of some value, and
leave the rest as they are.
Mr. WESTCOTT. It is stated in the bill that
every dollar raised from the sale of these lands
shall be sacredly appropriated to the completion
of the work, and that none of the lands can b§
sold for less than a dollar and a quarter per acre
until the entire work, is completed.
Mr. NILES. I know that the proceeds of the
lands are to be applied to educational and other
useful .purposes. The bill evinces a very proper
and laudable object; but take the terms of the paper
as it stands, and it does not propose a national
object at all. I should have no objection, sir, to
grant to States in which such lands lie the privilege
of reclaiming them, and allow the State for so
doing the privilege of disposing of certain, portions
of the lands reclaimed, together with preemption
rights, or something of that kind. If the privilege
of reclaiming these lands be indeed so great, I
think the State should be satisfied with a mere
indemnity, and I have no objection to a practice of
that kind. But if these lands be ceded to the State,
I take it the rights of the United States will be
gone forever. I do not think, therefore, that I can
vote for this bill.
The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. Ytjlee. and it was rejected.
Mr. HALE. I would ask the Senator from
, Florida [Mr. Westcott] if he proposes to make
this grant absolute, without any condition that the
• lands are ever to be drained by the State ?
Mr. WESTCOTT. 1 would respectfully refer
the honorable Senator [Mr. IIaixJ to the bill,
| which contains nine conditions, one of which is,
j that the State shall, expressly by law, accept these
I conditions. The State furthermore pledges itself
j to accept the conditions which render it obligatory
i upon her to commence the work in two years and
I complete it in ten years; and if practicable, with
- the completion of the work, to build a canal for
1 vessels across the peninsula out of the proceeds of
the lands reclaimed, and that the canal shall be
: free to all United States vessels, and for the trans-
! portation of mails, troops, or United States property
of any kind, forever. And the residue of the ayails
of the lands are not to go into the State treasury,
I but to be invested as a permanent and perpetual
' fund the interest of which is to be expend&i tor
I purposes of education in the territory granted.
Mr. HALE. 1 thought the amendment ottered
| by the Senator's colleague [Mr. Yulee] was to
i strike out these conditions.
1 llr. "VVESTCOTT. That amendment was re-
'e<\lr' UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, 1 move
! to 'strike out all of this bill after the enacting clause,
; and insert a proposition appropriating a certain
1 sum of money to authorize the Secretary of War
1 to have the Everglades explored, and a rcpoit made
