88
THE CONGRESSIONAL .GLOBE.
Dec. 22,
to Congress, with a view of showing what action
is necessary in regard to them. I-do this for the
purpose of testing the principle involved in the
bill, and to ascertain how far we are to depart
from the usual legislation of Congress on the sub-
ject of granting these lands to the States. Senators
will recollect, that we have had propositions from
the State of Arkansas, to. grant to it all the swamp
lands contained within its boundaries. And we
shall have propositions, no doubt, from every
State in the Union, where there are public lands,
if any of these bills should pass, to grant all swamp
lands to the States within the limits of which they
are respectively situated. .
Now, my object is to test the sense of the Sen-
ate as to whether this policy shall be commenced
or not, without full information upon the subject.
I am perfectly willing, as a member of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, to have all this land ex-
plored, at the public expense, by the topographi-
cal engineers of the United States, and to have
reports made from them, recommending the nature
of'the improvements which ought to be made, and
explaining to us the quantity of land which, if the
improvements are made, will he saleable, and the
value of the land thus saleable, and the expense
that will be attendant upon the improvements which
they recommend.
Now,'sir, I understand that we have in our em-
ploy officers competentto do all these things. And
if, before we avail ourselves of their experience
and knowledge, by sending them to the ground to
ascertain all the facts to be obtained with regard
to the proposition before us, we vote bills appro-
priating millions and millions of acres of the pub-
lic land, worth, perhaps, millions and millions of
dollars, I think we are acting with far too great
precipitation, and very unwisely. I ask Senators
if it is prudent and right to do these things in such
haste? It does seem to me that we ought to have
examinations and explorations of these lands made
by the topographical engineers, and reports made
to us, before we take any steps in this matter.
Now, sir, the Secretary of the Treasury, in re-
lation to these everglades, gave a commission, in
part, to a gentleman by the name of Smith, who
had to perform a great many other duties, accord-
ing to the appointment conferred upon him by the
Secretary, in relation to the lands in that quarter
of the country; but in addition to these duties, he
was particularly requested to make some examina-
tion in regard to the practicability of draining
these everglades.
,Mr. Smith has made a very long report on that
subject, and I must say that, without a very accu-
rate ascertainment of the facts, he has taken for
granted a number of things. His reasonings upon
the subject are very prettily made out, supposing
the facts to be as he has stated them. I "will read
to the Senate some of these statements, in order
that Senators may consider what is here presented.
Mr. Smith says:
"To reclaim the everglades, and th<; Atsceriahoofa and
Halpatiokee swainps, aiid the lowlands on the margin ot'tlie
Kissime river find its tributaries, and the other rivers emp-
tying into Lake Okeechobee, this lake must be tapped by
such canals, running into the Caloosa-Hatchee, on the one
wide, and the Loca-Hatchee or San Lucia, or both, on the.
olher, and cuts must also be made from the stream-* on hoth
sides of the peninsula into the glades. Besides, after the
lieight of'ilie waters in the glades should be decreased, even
:i* much as five feet, there will probably be a necessity for
seveial drains through the elades and 'those swamps, by
which the waters accumulating from the rains may be con-
ducted to tile ocean or gulf."
This is Mr. Smith's plan for draining the ever-
glades.
Now, sir, as to the depth of these canals, which
are to be thus carried into Okechobee lake, here
is the most definite and accurate information that
I have been enabled to procure by reading these
papers. This is a statement made by Mr. J.
McClelland, captain ofthe topographical engineers.
He jloes not make the statement from any exami-
nation or exploration made by himself, but he
bases the statement which he makes upon what
Captain J. R. Vinton, 3d artillery, stated to him.
Here is what Captain Vinton told Captain McClel-
land, of the topographical engineers. Captain
McClelland says: " In the course of the year 1840
or 1841, I was informed by the late J. R. Vinton,
3d artillery, that he had run a line of levels"—so
it appears from this that the instruments had actu-
ally been applied to the surface of the ground—
" from the Atlantic Ocean to the glades, and found
their elevation above it from ten to fifteen feet.
This was taken at Fort Dallas, at the mouth of
the Miami river, which empties into Biscayno
bay."
According to this information, it will be neces-
sary to dig a canal through the rim, which I am
informed surrounds the everglades, and by means
of this canal to.connect the waters in the basin
with the waters of the ocean, for the purpose of
draining them off; and, according to the informa-
tion here given, this canal, to be efficient in drain-
ing the everglades, must be from ten to fifteen feet
deep.
Well, now, what the length of this canal is, we
are uninformed; what is the position to be se-
cured for that canal, we are uninformed; and what
will be the expense, (as that depends upon the-
length, position, and depth,) we are uninformed.
Mr. WESTCOTT. Will the Senator permit
me to correct him? His mistake evidently arises
from his want of knowledge upon the subject.
Had he read the next sentence of Captain McClel-
land's letter, he would not have fallen into the
error which he now labors under. Canals are
contemplated from Lake Okechobee,which is nearly
one hundred miles above the point where this level
was taken by Captain Vinton. The drains from
the rim, to which the gentleman refers in his letter,
are not contemplated to serve any other purpose
except draining off the water in the rim. It is not
necessary, nor is it stated to be necessary in the
report, that these 'small drains should be ten or
twelve feet deep; but the canals from Lake Oke-
chobee to the Atlantic on the east, and to the Gulf
of Mexico on the west side, are to be from twelve
to fifteen in depth. The height of that lake is con-
siderably more than that of the rim. I"would
remind the honorable Senator that if he would look
at the previous part of the letter just read, and at
the letter from Colonel Long;-of the Topographical
Engineers, he would find that the length of one of
these canals would be twelve miles, and the length
of the other from ten to eighteen miles.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, if my
friend had heard me out, he would have had no
cause to complain. I intended to read the clause
to which he has called my attention. But that
clause only makes the matter worse. I am speak-
ing now about the canals which must be dug-in
order to get into the basin, and before you get to
Lake Okechobee, a hundred miles beyond that, I
understand. If gentlemen will take the trouble to
look at the map as I have done, they will find that
the rim of this basin is not more than some ten or
fifteen miles from the Atlantic—the Gulf Stream.
Well, sir, you have to make these canals in order
to get into the basin. And when you get over
there, what is to be-done?. Why, says the gentle-
man, (and this is stated by Mr. McClelland as
coming from Captain Vmton ,) this lake, when you
get into the rim, is considerably higher. How
much higher we do not know. Well, then, it may
become necessary to extend your canals fifty or a
hundred miles further. Concerning the obstruc-
tions, if any, the depth, or the length, we are left
entirely in the dark. Instead of the clause which
the honorable Senator [Mr. Westcott] read, it
is no objection to my argument, but only makes it
so much the stronger.
Sir, my objection to the whole bill lies a little
beyond this. I do not know that anything that I
can say will arrest the practice of Congress, of
which I complain, in-regard to the administration
of the public lands. I have been for a long time
in a minority upon this subject. I do not know
but that I shall remain till the end of my official
life here in a minority. I am anxious to make the
attempt now, to see if the policy of the Govern-
ment can be changed. My wish in reference to
this subject, if it can be done, is to allow the
General Government to retain its jurisdiction and
control of this great fund, (the public lands,) not
only in Florida and in Arkansa^, but Louisiana
and all other States where these drains are to be
made. For the purpose of saving the public land
from its present useless condition. I would*have all
these drains constructed by the General Govern-
ment, and then I would have it sell the lands and
allow every State in this Union to participate in
the distribution of the proceeds in an equal interest.
While I avow this to be my policy, and -while I
declare that it has always been my policy, yet I -
frankly Confess that if the Government of the i
United States will not do this, if the Government !
will not take hold of these swamps and lakes, i
sooner than that the country should remain in its
present unproductive condition—for I would not
play the policy of the dog m the manger—I would
be in favor of the States draining these lands and
appropriating such as are now valueless to some
useful purpose. I frankly cSfifess, that if my
policy is overruled I will go with the Senator from
Florida, [Mr. Westcott;] I will go with the
| Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. Borland;] I will
I join my friend from Louisiana, [Mr. Johnson;] I
i will join with every one to make something bene-
! ficial for the States out of this now useless land.
J But, sir, I believe that the General Government
! can do it better than the States, and I believe that
i the General Government ought to do it. The
principle that we have adopted, almost from time
j immemorial, that we have the right to appropriate
1 the public domain in the States, has been long
| sanctioned, and no one, I think, will presume to
i question the general authority of Congress to ex-
! ercise this right. There is no constitutional ques-
\ tion involved in this matter. It is simply a matter
; of policy. What will Congress do in regard to
! these lands? For the present, I do not wish them
! to act on this matter until they get proper inform-
ation upon which they can base their action. I
acknowledge, as a member of the Committee on
the Public Lands, that I have not yet been enabled
to find that information. I am not now willing to
grant to the States these useless lands, unless it be
ascertained that we cannot reclaim them and ap-
propriate them to the general use. I do not know
but that, if we send out competent engineers to
explore, to level, and to estimate the cost of such
a proceeding,-after they shall make a full report to
us of what they have done, we shall ultimately
tike the course now proposed by the gentleman
from Florida, [Mr. Westcott,] and give the lands
to the States in which they lie. If we send out
these engineers and have the land explored and
leveled, the information acquired from their report
would be of great value to the States to whom we
propose to give the lands. Will not this course
facilitate operations hereafter? Surely it will, I
ask, then, if it be not good policy to provide for
this public exploration at the expense of the Uni-
ted States, even if we give the lands to the State ?
By thus obtaining this knowledge, we can deter-
mine whether we will grant the lands to the State
or not.
I observe that on the subject of expense, Mr.
Smith, in his report, speaks most indefinitely.
Indeed, he does not even venture to make an esti-
mate. He says in one part of his report: " The
maximum of probable expenditure is §300,000. I
presume, under any circumstances creating the
necessity of an augmentation of this amount, that
$500,000 would, beyond question, defray all outlay
necessary for the successful accomplishment of the
work." From §300,000 to $500,000 is a very wide
gap—a gap of almost a hundred percent. If it
costs only §300,000 to reclaim this fine and val-
uable country in the centre of Florida, which, if
it can be reclaimed, will become one of the finest
orange districts in the world—if, indeed, it cannot
be used for sugar and other planting purposes—I
do not hesitate in saying that the value of that
country will compensate for the expenditure, I
was about to say a hundred fold—perhaps it will
not reach so high as that—but I may be safe in
saying fifty fold.
' Whether it can or cannot be done at that ex-
pense, we have no means of ascertaining. This is
a mere conjectural estimate. It is the minimum,
to be sure, but the highest estimate of Mr. Smith
is only §500,000. '
Well, suppose the work can be accomplished,
and this valuable land, as it will be, in case it can
be drained, should be saved at an expenditure of
that sum: why, sir, the proceeds resulting from
its sale would be a sufficient remuneration for this
outlay. And I will venture to say that it will be,
ultimately, beneficial to the State of my friend over'
the way, [Mr. Westcott,] if this Government
will undertake to do the work.
This bill proposes to reserve two years within
which to commence the work, and ten years within
which to accomplish it. Now, sir, if you send
out your topographical engineers, and they report
that this great work can be accomplished by an
outlay of §300,000, or even §500,000, how long
will it take the General Government to accomplish
the work? One, two, or three years, at the fur-
thest; whereas, if it is to be accomplished by the
