1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
89
State, according to the provisions of this bill, if
they commence it within two years, you need not
expect, especially under the condition of the
finances of the State, mentioned by the other gen-
tleman from Florida, [Mr. Yulee,] the completion
of the work for some ten or fifteen years, at the
least. In that state of things, I ask my friend
from Florida, [Mr. Westcott,] if he can get the
General Government to undertake this work, upon
the report of the topographical engineers, will it
not be sooner done? Will not your State settle
fasten and become improved more rapidly, by the
plan of operations I have suggested, than in the
manner which the bill provides?
For the purpose, sir, of testing the views of Sen-
ators on the subject, 1 will now offer my amend- j
ment. It is simply, sir, to appropriate |
dollars, out of any money in the treasury not j
other\*ise appropriated, to be expended by the
Secretary of War in exploring the everglades in
Florida, with a view to ascertain the practicability
of draining the same, and that he cause a report
to be made at the next session of Congress, or as
soon thereafter as may be practicable.
' Mr. WESTCOTT. It is true, as stated by the
Senator from Kentucky, that we have had no top-
ographical survey made with the view of ascer- j
taining the precise estimate of the amount neces-
sary to be appropriated to effect the draining of
the everglades, and to make the proposed canal.
That i^ifo; but so far as respects the objects of
this bill, that information would be perfectly use-
less to Congress. Now, what information have
we got? We have got information that is authen-
tic beyond a dispute. We have got authentic
information, derived, first, from the surveyor gen-
eral of the State; secondly, from the Commisioner
of the Land Office; thirdly, from the Secretary of
the Treasury; fourthly, from the intelligent gen-
tleman sent by the Secretary of the Treasury to
examine the lands. We have letters from Judge
Sheriff, who is welt acquainted with the situation
of the lands, from Colonel Harney, from General
Gadsden, and others, who traversed that coun-
try thirty years ago, all of them coinciding in the
statements that these lands are perfectly worth-
less to the Government, and, if surveyed, would
not pay the cost of surveying. Then, sir, with
all the information necessary to be obtained by
Congress, unless—and I will at once meet the
question propounded by the Senator from Ken-
tucky—unless Congress are at once disposed to
enter upon a system of public improvement, why
should we refuse to put it in the power of the
State to bring these lands into an available con-
dition? Is Congress prepared to do it? That is
the question, if I mistake not, which the Senator
from Kentucky propounds to the Senate. Is Con-
gress prepared to enter upon the business of im-
provement with regard to these lands, as well as
those tracts which are overflowed by the Missis-
sippi and its tributaries, and which can only be
redeemed by the construction of canals or embank-
ments? The Senator says that there is no obstacle
to these improvements being made by the Genera!
Government.
Mr. President, there are some w-ho entertain
constitutional objections as to the power of Con-
gress to improve either private or public lands, and
to enhance their value by making public improve- j!
ments within the States; for the power would be j;
abused as long as the Federal Government owned j
a foot of land m the new States. But, as I said on I
a former day, I have objections besides these con- j
etitutional objections. Of all methods under heaven ;
that can be devised for making public improve-
roents of this character, those undertaken by the
General Government are always the most expen-
sive and the most likely to be inefficacious when
effected. Of all public improvements, those de-
vised, carried on, and completed by the Federal
Government are the worst. I do not mean to de-
tract from the intelligence and capacity of our corps
of topograpical engineers. I am fortunate in being t
acquainted with several of them, whom i regard
as my most valued fiiends. Among them^are the j
most intelligent persons to be found in this or in
any country. But look at the public works that
have been conducted by this Government, works \
even of the most trifling character, and you will ,
find that impediments continually intervened to ,
protract the work. You will find that all sorts of .
expenditures are accumulated upon you. "iou wiU
find that it t^kes a year to prepare to enter upon i
the work; another year to make the necessary re-
corinoissances and surveys; anotheryear to put the
result of the calculations in proper form, in printed
statements and maps; another year to bring the
matter before Congress; another year or two to
have it criticised and canvassed; and some three
or four years after that to get an act passed autho-
rizing thetommencement of the work.
This is the way in which improvements, under-
taken and carried on by the Federal Government,
are managed where the persons carrying on the
works are not interested in their completion. The
delays are innumerable, the expense almost incred-
ible. I would inquire of the Senators from Ar-
kansas how long the Federal Government have
been endeavoring to get the raft removed from Red
river? Ten or twelve years, I believe, Sir, I
happened accidentally to look at debates in Con-
gress when that work was first proposed, and I
remember that we were assured that it could be
completed in eighteen months.
A Senator. The work was completed.
Mr. WESTCOTT. It was, after a fashion, but
it filled up again. In 1838 a work was undertaken
in Florida. It cost some seven or eight hundred
thousand dollars, and the work is now not worth
a single dollar. And so with all publie works
where the persons employed are not interested in
the work being well done. So with all public
works. Except those of a peculiarly scientific
character, the army officers are the worst persons
to be employed on them. They are gallant in
warfare, but they know very little of other matters.
There are fewer practical men among them than
among our civil engineers throughout the country;
and I would rather trust the execution of a work
to a practical civil engineer than to the whole
corps of topographical engineers, a3 high a respect
as 1 have for most of them. But this is not such
a work as belongs properly to them. We do not
expect to construct this work, in very superior
style; it requires no carved marble, no elegant
columns, no superb gilding, nothing of the kind. ;
On the contrary, all that we want is plain old-
fashioned work, such as the most unskilled can
accomplish. Any man can dig a ditch. Sir, 1
should be opposed to the Federal Government un-
dertaking it, because 1 do not believe it would be
done in twenty years; and when done, which
would be whenever the officers became tired of
remaining there among the musquitoes and the
frogs, it would not be more than half done as it
should be. It would be executed infinitely better
by officers appointed by the State, who would be
interested in having it done effectually. %
As before'said, if the State accepts this grant,
there will be no possibility of misapplying the pro-
ceeds, for every surplus*dollar must go for the sup-
port of education within the region thus ceded and
reclaimed.
While up, I will answer one objection, or rather
misstatement, that was made by the Senator from
Connecticut. He stated that there were not a mil-
lion of acres overflowed. Theie are two millions
five hundred thousand overflowed. Of these, one
million have been surveyed for a number of years,
and, so far from being available, as my friend from
Connecticut supposes, they are as worthless as the
rest—about three hundred and sixty acres only
having been disposed of out of that whole tract of
a million of acres. If the lands should ever be re-
: claimed, they will be worth perhaps one dollar and
1 a quarter per acre; but with regard to the sand-
' bottoms, they will never be worth the cost of sur-
i veymg. Sir, 1 hope the amendment of the Sen-
; tor from Kentucky will be rejected, for 1 am ex-
' tremely anxious that this matter should be decided
' without further delay.
■ Mr. BALDWIN. 1 am not prepared to vote
for this bill m the shape m which it has been re-
ported by the committee. On the contrary, I am
i inclined to favor the amendment proposed by the
, honorable Senator from Kentucky, as well for the
1 reasons which have been assigned by him, as for
others which are apparent upon the face of the bill
itself as reported. The object which the Govern-
ment of the United States has m view in making
this grant to the State of Florida, if it be made at
all, is to secure the accomplishment of the work
1 for which the lands are to be granted. Now, it
! appears to me that this bill affords no such secu-
] rity to the Government. The-grant is founded
j upon the basis of a donation of ail these lands to
i the State of Florida, upon certain conditions to be
acceded to by the State, and one of these condi-
tions is, that the State? withfn a specified time*
shall enter upon the execution of this work, and
shall complete it within the period of ten years.
But what are the powerfe of the State in the mean
time? She is authorized to sell every acre of this
land which is already surveyed, or capable of*
being surveyed: thus she is authorized to sell, at
all events, a large portion of the land; and sup-
pose, haying made sale of this land, the State
should fail of completing the work within the pe-
riod assigned: what remedy", what redress, has the
Government of the United States? What means
of enforcing the future execution of the work for
which those public lands were ceded? Settlers
will have bought them and paid for them in good
faith; they cannot be disturbed in consequence of
any condition appended to the grant, for the pro-
visions of this act recognize the right of the State,
notwithstanding those conditions, to proceed to
make sale of the lands, limiting.her only in regard
to th&price at which the lands are to be sold. But,
furthermore, the State will not be bound to com-
plete the work within the period of ten years, nor
within any definite period, unless the President of"
the United States should deem it expedient 40
issue an order in writing authorizing an intrusion
upon that portion of the lands which has been
assigned to the Seminole Indians. The 4th section
of the bill is as follows:
<£ Until the Prosident of the United States shall authorize
the same in writing, noentry or encroachment shall be made
or allowed by said State into or upon the district reserved
for the Seminole Indians yet remaining in l^lorida, part of
which is within said boundaries; and for any delay occa-
sioned to the commencement or completion of said work, by
the withholding of such authority, the period stipulated for
such commencement and completion in said fir^t condition
shall be extended a corresponding term."
So that until the President of the United States
shall issue an order in writing authorizing^the au-
thorities of the State of Kjgrida to enter upon this
Indian reservation, the period for the commence-
ment of the work is to be prolonged, and of course
the period for its completion will also be prolonged
indefinitely. Now, I am not satisfied with these
provisions of the bill. I think they are entirely
wrong. But, however guarded the bill might be
in respect to its provisions, I altogether prefer,
upon the information which we now have in re-
gard to these lands, adopting the course suggested
by the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. WESTCOTT. I will make one remark,
which I think will be sufficient to correct the mis-
apprehension of the honorable Senator from Con-
necticut. He seems to think that the State ought
to give some security that it will appropriate the
funds derived from the disposal of these lands
according to the intention of Congress in making-
the grant. Sir, if the State fail in the performance
of the conditions accompanying the gpant, it will
be an anomaly. But it so happens that there 1*3 a
security provided by this bill which is belter than
any bail, even if it be justified bail. That security
is this: There is not one acre of land comprised
within the grant that is worth twenty-five cents;
there is not one acre in the whole grant that can be
sold at any price until the everglades are reclaimed.
And that is proved by these facts. It is so stated
; in all the reports that have been made on the sub-
jj ject—in the report of the Surveyor General, in the-
| l report of the Commissioner of the Land Office, in
j1 that of the Secretary of the Treasury, and in ait
]j the official reports: it is proved also by the fact
i | that a large portion of these lands has been sur*
jj veyed for many years, and they have never been
1 able to sell more than three hundred and sixty
h acres. Now, sir, the law expressly provides that,
until the work is completed, a single foot of land
shall not be sold for less than §1 25 per acre/ Sir,
they never can f\nd a purchaser for a foot of it,
i unless it be purchased with a view to the prospec-
!;.tive completion of the work. Thus, my honor-
:i able friend will see that he is under a mistake in
regard to the interest of the purchaser, and in re-
: gard t6 the supposed want of security.
'<\ Mr. DOWNS. The chief object of the amend-
ment, as I understand it, is to have an examina-
tion made in order to ascertain the value of the
| land. It happens that in this case, though it is a
rare thing, there is a report on the subject; and
\ during a "tedious passage in low water upon the
Mississippi I read it from beginning to end. It
i1 contains sufficient to satisfy my mind, though per-
vi haps not sufficient to satisfy every Senator, that
