1848.
the congressional globe.
m
crnment as by the States. It they were to under-
take it, it would cost twenty times as much as it
would if accomplished by the States. In the State
of Mississippi certain portions have been reclaimed
by individuals, in consequence of which the Gen-
eral Government has already derived considerable
benefit; yet theie are still remaining extensive
tracts of country that are overflowed and rendered
uninhabitable, and other portions rendered so un-
healthy that the persons living there are obliged to
absent themselves for a part of the year; but when-
ever the subject has been brought up before Con-
gress, it has been put off. Three or four years ago
a bill was brought in and discussed; the depart-
ments were called upon for information; a select
committee was appointed, with the distinguished
Senator from South Carolina at its head; a very
lengthy report was madet containing estimates
from the departments and from officers 111 Lou-
isiana; and yet, when we came to act, further in-
formation was required, and it was suggested that
it ought to be deferred. Now the time has arrived
when "I think the question should be settled.
There ought, I think, to be some limit to the time
in which "the lands are to be disposed of, and that
the Government is now bound to adopt some
measure to reclaim the lands, or else yield them
to the Slates. The resources of the States are
crippled by having a large extent of country within
their borders uninhabited, and the adjacent lands
rendered almost uninhabitable by reason of the
unhealthiness produced by the overflow.
As it regards this particular bill, 1 am under the
impression that we have already sufficient inform-
ation to enable Congress to act. A part of the
land in question is constantly covered with standing
water; it is somewhat different from swamp land,
but it may possibly be reclaimed by great outlay.
I rose, however, merely to offer a single remark in
► reply to the proposition which thegentleman fiom
Kentucky,had suggested, that the Government of
the United States ought to undertake the work of
improvement, which I am perfectly satisfied is out
of the question.
Mr. BENTON. We have appropriate officers
under our laws-for reporting the condition of the
public lands. We have officers whose duty it is,
under very high obligations, to report upon the
character of all public lands. Their report must
be minute in regard to the qualities and the de-
scription of the public lands. These officers belong
to the General Land Office. These officers are
employed in examining the public lands and sur-
veying them and in making reports. These are
the officers who are able to give us all the informa-
tion that we want upon the subject. The topo-
graphical corps (I say it with great def'erence-to the
honorable Senator from Kentucky) is not the ap-
propriate corps for doing business of this kind.
It was jnever created for this kind of business; it
has never been employed in this kind-of business;
and if that corps should be so employed it would
be taken away from its appropriate duties and set
to do the duties of other officers. If we need any
information, then, the place fo look for it is through
the General Land Office, and through the reports of
the surveyors employed m Florida, and by them
transmitted to the Commissioner of the General
Land Office. That is the means of getting inform-
ation that concerns public lands. We already
have the report of the proper officers upon this
point; we have the report of the Commissioner of '
the General Land Office, founded upon the report i
made officially to him by the surveyors whose duty |
it is to survey and report. The Commissioner of !
the General Land Office, in his letter to the Secre- I
tary of the Treasury, states: j
'• That the entire peninsula south of the northern hue of '
the proposed !|i ant to Floiida, whether occasionally covered
with water 01 not subject to ovutiow, is at this time utterly I
worthless to the United States for any purpose whatever, '
Colonel Robert Builer, the Surveyor General of that State, j
in Ins official report made Oetober-i, -av s : < 1 now ask
your attention to the everglades, which cannot he surrcycd !
v. Ukout first being dnunah' And that olhcer reeommends -
the eesr-ion of a moiet\ ol that region 10 the State oi J loi idu
for the purpose ol having the lands lechumed/' I
Here is an official report which states that the '
lands cannot be surveyed until they have first been
drained. So, then, we have all the information
which it is necessary for us to possess m order to
act definitively upon this bill. The bill applies to
the everglades—a name which of itself implies a
kind of ground different from that which 13 covered
by lakes, and different from dry land. The name
itself implies that it is land partly arid slightly
covered with water, but so deeply covered as to
bftof* no use while the water remains upon it.- The
history of that portion of the country to which
this name applies is perfectly well known; it has
been known from the time that Florida was first
known; it has been traversed by our army officers
during (he late war, besides having been examined
and reported upon by our land officers. We know,
as well as the reports of all the officers in the world
can ever make us know it, that these everglades
are land covered with water; that they are a species
of marsh; that they have vegetable productions m
them; that they have shallow places and deep
places; and that they never can be used until the
water is drained off. I have understood that there
lies upon these everglades a very rich mould of
earth, which, being exposed to the action of the
sun and the weather, will become very valuable m
furnishing all the productions peculiar to that part
of the country; but while the water remains upon
it, it is of no use whatever.
Now, it is an axiom that when any property
passes from hands that cannot use it into hands
that can use it, there is a public gain, and in that
point of viewi look upon it, that, with regard to
all these inundated lands now lying not only use-
less to the United States, but injurious to the country
in which they lie, it would be a great public benetit
tcfpass them away from the United States, which
can make no use of them, into hands that can; and
for that purpose I prefer, infinitely prefer, the action
of the local government of the State to that of this
Government, at this remote distance. I have no
idea of this Federal Government making money
by any operation it engages in. 1 do not think it
can make money by any enterprise it undertakes.
It ought not to do it if it could. The resources of
the country should be developed by operations to
be carried on by individual enteipnse. From these
the Government will derive advantage in the ame-
lioration of the condition of the people. That is li
the only way in which it ought to be a gamer. li
The State governments have a direct interest in jj
removing whatever is pestilential in their respective il
States, and introducing whatever is useful, and in j!
rendering valuable, if possible, whatever is not so '
originally; and, being upon the spot, they are ii
capable of regulating the details and of superin-
tending those who are engaged in the work. The
Stale governments are the proper parties to under-
take matters of that kind. 1 am, tlieiefore, utteily j:
opposed to employing any officers to make any
further explorations here, and particulaily opposed jj
to employing the Corps of Topographical lingi- I,
ncers, for the leason 1 have given. The mforma- !
tion is to be obtained through the Land Office. Il
We have already everything that is necessary for I,
us to know. We have the official information I,
through the proper channel, and, besides that, we j>
all have ageneial knowledge of the subject from I1
our reading and experience, that here is a tract of !'
country, consisting of what are-called everglades, jj
which is a harbor lor pestilential animals, a region |j
that is wholly useless to the Federal Government. j
I think we have all the information that we can j'
requiie. We have sufficient, afall events, to con- |[
vince us that it will be the interest of the Federal '!
Government, as well as of "the people of Florida, j
that we should, as soon as possible, put those lands !;
in a condition ill which they may be useful. It is
a large region of country, running far down to the |.
extremity of the peninsula, a point that requires '
protection and defence. The population of that '
country requires the means of communication
through it, and I think we should be making a;
most Oenencial disposition of all that peninsula if 1
we could pass it oft' to the State government, which
would bnng it under the dominion of man, which
would put people upon it, which would make roads
through it, and make it valuable and more easily
traversable for military purposes. Upon national ,
considerations, then, as well as upon considera- ;
Hons which apply to the State, I think it import-
ant that we should pass this bill. j
Mr. BREESE. As I reported this bill, it may
be reasonably expected that I should say a few
words 111 regard to the views entertained by the !
committee. And first, I must be permitted to ob- ;
serve, that the committee bestowed much attention
upon the subject, and sought all the information
that they could gather, in order that they might 1
have as clear a knowledge of the facts as they L
could obtain. i1
; Mr. BUTLER. I hope the gentleman will give
: way, for the purpose of going into Executive ses-
1 si on.
1 Mr. WESTCOTT. If the bill will com& up for
consideration to-morrow, I have no objection that
! it should be deferred; but I am exceedingly anx-
, ious that it should encounter no unnecessary
1 delay.
I The further consideration of the bill was post-
, poned until to-morrow; and,
On motion by Mr. BUTLER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and, after a short time so engaged, the doors were
reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. '
Friiuy, December 22, 1848.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved*
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved that
j the House resolve itself into Committee of tha
• Whole, for the purpose of proceeding to the con-
sideration of the private calendar.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, rose to inquire of the
Speaker whether it would not.be in order to move
that the House proceed to the consideration of the
motion submitted yesterday by the gentleman from
Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] to reconsider the vote
by which the House had adopted the resolution of
thegentleman from New York, [Mr. Gott,] in-
structing the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia to report, as soon as practicable, a bill for the
abolition of the slave trade in the said District.
The SPEAKER said, that immediately before
the adjournment of the House yesterday, he had
given notice, that Friday being private-bill day,
that order of business would have the preference.
If the House should now refuse to proceed to ths
consideration of the private calendar, then the
business first in order would be the'motion to
reconsider.
Mr, COBB said he hoped the House would not
go into private business, but would proceed to the
disposition of the motion to reconsidcr.
Mr. ROCKWELL said this was what was
known as objection day, and he hoped the House
would proceed with the regular order of business.
The question on the motion of Mr. Rockwell
was then taken, and the vote stood: Ayes 76,
noes 49.
Mr. COBB asked for the yeas and nays; which
were .ordered, and being taken, were:* Yeas 96,
nays 63.
So the motion was agreed to.
Whereupon the House resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole, (Mr. McClelland, of'Mich-
igan, in the chair,) and proceeded to the considera-
tion of bills on the private calendar, under the
restriction prescribed in the 30th rule, which is in
the following words:
" On the first and fourth Friday of each month, the cal-
endar ol private bills shall he called over, and the hills to
the passage o,' which no objection shall then he made, shalfc
be first considered and disposed of."
The following bills were read and ordeied to be
reported without amendment, viz:
A bill for the relief of the grandchildren of Baron
de Kalb.
A bill for the relief of Zachariah Lawrence, of
Ohio.
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
Bernard Todd, deceased.
A bill for the relief of William Fuller.
A bill for the relief of John Campbell.
A bill for the relief of'the legal representatives of
Captain Samuel Jones, deceased.
A bill for therelief of the legal representatives of
Joseph Savage, deceased.
A bill for the relief of Charles A. Barnitz, hus-
band of Margaret Barnitz, the only surviving heir
of Lieutenant Colonel David Grier, of the army of
the Revolution.
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of William McFarland, deceased.
A bill for the relief of John J. Young, a com-
mander in the navy of the United States, and a
joint resolution for the relief of Samuel T. Ander-
son.
The following bills were amended by striking
out the kern allowing interest, and ordered to be
reported to the House, viz.:
