92
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 22,
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Joshua Eddy,
deceased; and
A bill for the relief of William Bjake.
The following bills were read and objected to,
viz:
A bill for the relief of Lyon and Howard;—by
Mr. Wesiwoeth.
A bill for the relief of John P. Skinner and the
legal representatives of Isaac Green;—by Mr.
Hammons.
A bill for the relief of the grandchildren of Ma-
jor General Baron De Kalb;—this bill was laid
aside to be reported to the House.
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Antonio Pacheco;—objected to.
A bill for the relief of the widow and heirs-at-
law of Silas Duncan, late commandant in the Uni-
ted States navy;—by Mr. Hammons.
A bill for the relief of Noah A. Phelps;—by Mr.
Thomas.
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Colonel Francis Vigo;—by Mr. Peck.
A bill for the relief of Mathews, Wood, and
Hall;—by Mr. Thomas.
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of William D. Cheever;—by Mr. Daniel.
An act for the relief of Jeannete C. Hunting-
ton, widow and sole executrix of William D.
Cheever;—by Mr. Daniel.
A bill for the relief of Andrew A. Jones, an in-
spector of the customs of the port of New York;—
by Mr. Sawveii.
A bill for the relief of Casper B. Cook and
others;—by Mr. Starkweather.
A bill supplementary to the joint resolution au-
thorizing the accounting officers of the treasury to
audit and settle the accounts of William P. Zant-
zinger, approved the 15th of June, 1844;—by Mr.
Daniel.
A bill for the relief of Daniel Steenrod;—by Mr.
Dickey.
A bill f<^r the relief of the legal representatives
of Captain William Smallwood Tillard;—by Mr.
Thomas.
A bill for the relief of the owners and crews of
certain vessels employed in the cod fishery;—by
Mr. Sawyer.
Senate bill for the relief of Richard S. Coxe;—
by Mr. Starkweather.
A bill for the relief of Mrs. Susan C. Randall;—
by Mr. Thomas.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Francois Ca-
y.eau;—by Mr. Dickey.
Senate bill for the relief of Peter Capella, ad-
ministrator of Andrew Capella, deceased, and for
the relief of John Capo, and for the relief of Elijah
Petty and Hannah Petty his wife, heirs of John
Beardon, deceased;—by Mr. Bowlin.
A hill for the relief of the heirs of Colonel David
Hopkins;—by Mr. Daniel.
Senate bill for the relief of Thomas Talbot and
others;—by Mr. Sawyer.
Senate bill to enable and authorize the account-
ing officers of the treasury to audit and settle the
accounts of certain acting officers therein men-
tioned;—by Mr. Starkweather.
A bill for the relief of Thomas Ap Catesby
Jones;—by Mr. Sawyer. 1
A bill for the relief of Andrew C. Armstrong: 
by Mr. Bowlin. j
A bill for the relief of Elisha H. Holmes;—by
Mr. Wentworth.
A joint resolution for the relief of Alexander
Hunier,—by Mr. Dickey.
A bill to renew the patent heretofore granted
Hamilton Lapham;—objected to.
A bill to authorize the Commissioner of Patents
to renew the patent of Cyrus H. McCormick for
his horizontal plough;—by Mr. Romsey.
A bill for the payment of a debt due to the heirs
of Antoine Pelteir;—by Mr. Hammons.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Nicholas La-
chance and others;—by Mr. Dickinson.
A bill for the relief of Cassius M. Clay;—by
Mr. Dickey.
A bill for the relief of Thomas Crown;—by Mr.
Thomas.
A bill foj- the relief of George R. Ward, of the
city of New York;-—by Mr. Hall, of Missouri.
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of George W. Milam, deceased;—by Mr. Saw-
A bill for the relief of Lawrence Daily;-
Mr. Sawyer.
-by
A bill for the relief of the widow and orphan
children of Colonel William R. McKee;—byJMr.
OlCEET
A bill for the relief of Captain Dan Drake Hen-
ry;—by Mr. Dickey*
An act for the relief of Mary Mac Rea, widow of
Lieutenant Cojonel William Mac Rea, late of the
United States army;—by Mr. Sidney Lawrence.
Mr. HAMMONS now moved that the commit-
tee rise.
Tellers were called for 6n that motion; and the
vote stood—ayes 37, noes 52.
There was no quorum voting.
The 126th rule of the House (adopted on the
18th of December, 1847) is in the following words:
" Whenever the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, or the Committee of the Whole House, finds
itself without a quorum, the chairman sluill cau&e the roll
of th«  House to be called, and themipon the committee
shall rise, the chairman shall wport the names of the ab-
sentees to th£ House, which shall be entered on the Jour-
nal."
The Clerk thereupon proceeded to call the roll;
which having been done—
The Speaker resumed the chair, and the chair-
man reported that the committee had been unable
to proceed with its-deliberations, in consequence
of the absence of a quorum.
And the names of the absentees were thereupon
ordered to be entered on the Journal.
A quorum being now present, the chairman re-
sumed his seat in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. TURNER moved that the committee rise.
The CHAIRMAN said that that was the pend-
ing question, no quorum having acted upon it
when it was originally put.
The tellers again took their places, and the vote
bering-again counted, stood : Ayes 67, noes 54.
So the committee rose and reported the bills
which it had-had under consideration—some with
amendments, some without.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, rose to a privileged
| question. He stated that his name was not re-
corded as having voted on the motion to lay on the
table the resolution of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. McClernand,] in relation to the disposition
of the public lands. He (Mr. H.) had voted in
the negative.
The SPEAKER said that the Journal would
be so amended as to conform to the fact.
Mr. MILLER also rose and stated that .his
name was recorded as having voted in the affirma-
tive on the same resolution, the fact being that he
had voted in the negative.
The SPEAKER said, the Journal would be so
amended in that particular also.
Mr. KENNON rose to inquire of the Chair ,
whether his name was recorded on the roll of the !
absentees when the Committee of the Whole had
risen for want of a quorum? •
The SPEAKER said it was not in order now '
to enter upon that matter. If, when the Journal
should be read to-morrow morning, any inaccu-
racy should be found to exist, it would then be lrf
order for the gentleman to state it, and to move
that it be corrected.
colonel Fremont's report. :
Mr. BROWN, of Pennsylvania, rose and said, [
that there seemed to be a difficulty existing in re- !
lation to the order of the House of yesterday,
ordering the report of Lieutenant Colonel Fre-
mont and the accompanying maps to be printed
with the reports of Lieutenant Abert, Lieutenant
Colonel Cook, and Captain Johnson. He desired,
therefore, to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That so much of a resolution of this House,
adopted on the -2U instant, as orders th<> report of Lieuten-
ant Colonel Fremont and accompanying maps to he bound
with the repwi!, ot Lieutenant Abert, Lieutenant Colonel
Look, and Captain Johnson, be, and the same is hereby,
rescinded; and that twenty thousand extra copies of said
report of Lieutenant Colonel Fremont (with mans) be
Sen'ite PalnP'^et f°rm? similar to that printed lor the
1he SPEAKER said the resolution was not
now in order.
And it was not received.
The SPEAKER 'said that the first business
m order would be the report of the Committee of
the W hole on the private calendar. Those private i
bills which had been passed upon last Pridav, I
would Tie first in order. There were also some I
private bills which had been upon the calendar 1
since last session, and the rule of the House re- :
quired these bills Xo be proceeded with first, in 1
their order. '
christmas holidays.
Mr. TURNER moved that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Tuesday next.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered. >
Mr. COBB, ofG-eorgia, suggested to the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Turner,] so to modify
his motion as that the House should meet to-mor-
row, and that when it adjourns to-morrow, it
should adjourn to meet on Wednesday.
Mr. TURNER did not so modify his motion.
Mr. COBB inquired of the Speaker, whether it
j would be in order for him to move an amendment
in accordance with the suggestion he had made?
The SPEAKER said the amendment would not
be m order. It wa^only'a motion that when, the
; j House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on a particular
!l day which was in order.
'I Mr. TURNER thereupon withdrew his motion,
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
And the House resumed the consideration of
business on the private calendar.
Mr. HAMMONS suggested that as there had
been a number of bills reported from the Commit-
tee of the Whole to the House, without amend-
ment, they should severally be read by their titles,
and passed.
The SPEAKER said that that course could be
pursued only by general consent.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, insisted upon the
regular course of proceedings.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the bills reported this day from the Committee
of the Whole, when the amendments to the two
bills last mentioned on the listweie agreed to; and
all the bills reported by the committee were sever-
ally ordered to be engrossed, and being engrossed,
were read a third time and passed, anil sent to the
Senate for concurrence.
The House proceeded to the consideration of
the .following bills heretofore reported from the
Committee of the Whole, which were lying on
the Speaker's table, viz:
A bill for the relief of William De Buys, late
postmaster of New Orleans;
A bill to refund to Charles A. Kellett the ton-
nage duties and light money paid on the Chinese
junk Keying;
A bill for the relief of Jeremiah Moors;
When the same were severally ordered to be
engrossed, and being engrossed, were read a third
| time and passed, and sent to the Senate for concur-
■ rence.
Mr. CONGER from the Committee on Printing,
i to whom was referred a communication from the
Clerk of the House, of the 11th instant, in rela-
• tion to furnishing books to the members, made a
report thereon, accompanied by the following res-
• olution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House be, and he is
hereby, directed to accept the above recited proposition to
furnish the American Slate Papers, and such other books as
i have been not yet purchased by him, at prices not exceeding
those heretotore paid.
The report and resolution having been read—
j Mr. ElVfBREE moved to amend the resolution*
! striking out all after the word "Resolved," and
| inserting the following:
ori?inal resolution of the last Congress rorder-
; uig the books] be, and hereby is, rescinded."
i Mr. WENTWORTH said he had been in the
habit, ever since he had had a seat on this floor, of
voting with his fellow-members for these books.
He had voted them for himself, and had received
them some sessions since. But when the individ-
uals who were interested here in the sale of these
books had come to himself and other gentlemen of
the same Congress of which he was iirst a mem-
ber, and m which he had received the books, they •
had suggested to him that the edition was about
, exhausted; that there were only a few of these
| books remaining; and the books were voted by
j members under a limitation of some kind, which
iLj expected would soon put an end entirely to
their distribution. The next Congress had adopted
the same resolution, with a similar limitation; and
so it came to the last Congress, when he had voted
for them also. Still these books were to be found;
and upon investigation, he was perfectly well sat-
isfied that they were the same old books. He
thought there had been some three or four hundred
of these books going round this Congress for the
last ten years. Now,)ie was willing to vote for
this resolution, but he wished some gentleman
