94
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I)ec. 22,
into the expenditure of untold millions for the j&r-
posc of destroying people.
Mr. G. said we could carry on a foreign war,
but when we talked of sending out information to
the people, it was quite another thing with politi-
cal economists of a certain school, who were ready
to'enter into petty calculations of economy and re-
trenchment. He discarded all such systems of
economy. Any expenditure for the information
of the public mind—he cared not m what form—
he was prepard to meet. He was prepared to go
to any amount of expenditure for the purpose of
sending out to the people that' information which
could" be obtained from no other source, for the
information contained in these publications could,
much of itvbe found nowhere else. He had these
books himself; he had opposed the resolution at the
time; he had voted against it. He had felt hon-
estly, sincerely opposed to the practice of voting
books to be distributed among the members of Con-
gress; butexpenence had taught him the utility and
the necessity of sending out these publications to
the country; and he was now prepared (as he had
said before) to vote, them. He would not take
them at second hand from former members, (if
there were any such to be obtained,) but he would
go to the expense of publishing new editions, and
distributing them to every member who had nbt
got them. Those members who came from the
far West (for there had never been a: copy in that
section1 of country) ought to be supplied. They
ought to go to the people, and be accessible to
them.
He concluded by moving to refer the whole sub-
ject to a select committee.
Mr. VENABLE said he had been somewhat
astonished at the course of remark in which the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. WentworthJ had
indulged in relation to this subject. * He had
been somewhat astonished to hear gentlemen
rise and make declarations and charges against
the House which well-bred and honorable gentle-
men would repel and rebuke in a becoming man-
ner, if made against them individually. He had
heard gentlemen rise on this floor and charge mem-
bers of the House of Representatives with the
low, little, dirty trick of selling, for their own
private, pecuniary advantage, books which had
been gitfen them by the vote of this'House. -He
had heard the charge made; and no man ought to
make it without being willing to name the indi-
viduals who were guilty.- He had been taught
from his childhood to consider.the man who in-
sulted a crowd as a coward, because he assailed
them all equally, and no one had the opportunity
to rise and redress the insult. He held that a man
who rose and insnlied the American Congress had
traveled without the rules of good breeding. If
there was a man who hud sold his books—who
had committed this little, diity act—let him be
known.
The gentleman should not shoot from behind a
wall. If they had to make laws to prevent pecu-
lation and fraud by the American Congress, the
American people should be informed whose mis-
deeds occasioned such laws. It had been neces-
sary heretofore to make rules for the restraint of
abuses in the use of paper and stationery and the
franjang privilege; but he supposed the facts which
made such rules necessary were well established.
He felt the blush of shame upon his cheek, that this
House—that an American Congress should have
this slander upon them, thrown broadcast before
their constituents and before the world, that they
were a low class of swindlers. He called upon gen-
tlemen to fix the charge—to specify the individual
members who had been guilty. He [Mr. V.] never
made a charge which he was not willing to substan-
tiate by specific facts.
He had voted against receiving these books,
but the resolution having passed the House, he
meant to receive them, and he meant to stand
before his constituents upon that action. He had
received the Congressional Globe last fall, a por-
tion of it: he meant to receive all these books, and
to carry them home for the use of his constituents.
He repeated, that the American Congress, com-
posed of gentlemen, (for they came as gentlemen
to represent the people of the United States,) for
the protection of its character and good name,
should demand, that when a charge was made in-
volving dishonor upon all those to whom it ap-
plied, the member who made it should fix it
specifically upon those-who were guilty.
[Several voices: "Give them the committee."]
He was ^tilling (he said) to give them the com-
mittee, but he hoped he should never see the day
when he should stand on this floor and charge
members with' swindling, without being willing
to name the individuals who were guilty.
Mr. WENTWORTH wished to explain, and
(the floor being yielded) stated that his remarks
were based upon these facts, to which he wished
to call the attention of the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Venable,] viz; that the first time
they had got these books, they had been told that
there were only so many to be had; the next Con-
gress had been told the samestory,but-had ordered
and received the books; and flow Congress heard
the same thing, that the books could scarcely be
found, and yet they had a bookseller of this city
offering to contract to furnish them.
This had been the case for several Congresses,
and he wished the gentleman from North Carolina
to bear in mind, if he was a member of the next
Congress, the prophecy which he (Mr. W.) now
made, that unless some such measure as he pro-
posed were taken to prevent a repetition of this
proceeding, in spite of all the difficulties they now
had to obtain the books, the same resolution would
be offered, and the books would be furnished by
the booksellers. Where, he would ask the gen-
tleman, did the booksellers get them?
Mr. VENABLE continued—
He hoped the House would understand him.
He objected to the intimation of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. WentwoktbJ that m order to
preserve the morals of the mpmbers of this House,
it was necessary that an order should be passed
taking these books out of their control, and send-
ing them to the place of their destination by spe-
cial messengers, or by the public carrier. The
gentleman was afraid to trust the books in the
possession of those to whom they belonged, lest
they should enter into some low, dirty contract for
the disposition of them. Every suggestion of that
kind was a reflection upon the American Con-
gress—it was a reflection upon every member
of the body, and especially upon every new mem-
ber. The gentleman was so much afraid to trust
the new members of this House, that he proposed
to take the guardianship of their property upon
himself, or to make the Clerk of this House the
special guardian of it. If there were any mem-
bers of this House who had acted wrongly in re-
gard to this matter, it was to their shame. He
trusted there were none such here now. He could
not sit here, and hear the honor and the integrity
of the American Congress assailed by a proposi-
tion which was designed to keep them from cheat-
ing the public.
He would vote for the resolution of the commit-
tee. He Would vote for the books—they were valu-
able. He had already received a portion of them,
ami he had taken them home, where his constituents
might have the benefit of them. There was no
necessity to reprint them. If members had sold
them, and booksellers had bought them, that was
a question of morality between the member and'
the bookseller. The books were none the less
valuable for having passed through other hands.
Mr. EVANS, oi Maryland, rose to explain.
Mr. VENABLE having yielded the floor—
Mr. EVANS was understood to say, that the
] gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wekiwuriii] had
stated that quite a limited number of copies of
! these books were printed at first. He (Mr. E.)
I was informed that there had been as many as seven
hundred and fifty copies printed. There certainly
had not been seven hundred and fifty members.
Mr. WENTWORTH. How many years is
it since we first had these books?
Mr. VENABLE claimed the floor.
- Mr. BROWN, of Pennsylvania, asked Mr. V.
to yield for one moment.
Mr. VENABLE having done so—
Mr. BROWN said he desired to state the facts
-of the case. There had always been an indis-
position to circulate these books; but it was said
that they were printed on the faith of Congress,
and that it was due to the printers that°Con-
gress should pay for them, and distribute them.
This was the ground upon which the books weie
distributed at first. All the old members knew that.
Mr. VENABLE resumed the floor, and pro-
ceeded. He repeated that these books were of value,
and he was glad that he had them in his office.
He did not think the money misspent. He be-
lieved that they contained political and historical
information of great value to the country, and
that, for the records of facts which they contained,
they would continue to be valuable. But, in the
name of every member who had not received the
books, in the name of the American ^Congress,
and for the honor of the American people, he en-
tered his solemn protest against any member ma-
king a direct charge of immorality, without dis-
tinctly naming before the House ,the individuals
who had committed it.
He concluded by demanding the previous ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER directed the attention of the
House to the fact, that an amendment had been
offered by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Em-
tjree,] providing that the order of the House in
relation to the distribution of these books should <
be rescinded.
There was some parliamentary authority, the
Speaker was understood to say, for deciding that
the order might be rescinded. But in the present
case the order had, as far as possible, been execu-
ted. So far as it had been executed, it was not
the subject of reconsideration. The Speaker ruled
the amendment out of order.
Mr. EMBREE submitted that the question ort
his amendment should be taken, so far as it could
operate m this case. .
The SPEAKER expressed doubts on the point
of order
Mr. EMBREE insisted on his amendment.
The SPEAKER requested the gentleman to re-
duce it to writing; which was accordingly done.
And the Speaker admitted it.
A motion was made that the House adjourn;
which motion was rejected.
The question then recurred on the modified
amendment of Mr. Embr.ee, which was to strike
out from the resolution of the Committee on Print-
ing all after the word u Resolved,5' and insert a
provision that so much of the order contained in
the original resolution as had not been executed,
should be rescinded.
Mr. BOTTS rose to inquire of the Chair what
the gffect of this amendment would be? It was
known to the House that some of the books had
already been received by the members.
The SPEAKER interposed with the remark,
that the previous question having been called for,
i't was not in order to debate.
The question was then tak&n on the demand for
the previous question; and there was a second.
And the main question (being first on the modi-
fied amendment of Mr. Embree, and then on the
resolution of the Committee or? Printing) was
ordered to be now taken.
Mr. EMBREE asked for the yeas and nays on
his amendment.
But on seconding the demand therefor, only four
members rose.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken, and decided in the
negative. • •
So the amendment as modified was rejected.
And then the original resolution was adopted.
Mr. STRONG moved a reconsideration of the
vote; which was laid upon the table.
A motion was made that the House adjourn; but
was withdrawn at the request of—
The SPEAKER, who, by general consent, laid
before the House the following communications:
' I. A letter from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting, in compliance with a resolution of the
House of the 18th instant, a copy ofii Order No.
172, issued at the mouth of the Rio Grande, in
Texas, on the 7th July, 1848, by command of
Major General John E. Woof."
II. A letter from the Secretary of State, trans-
mitting, agreeably to the act of March 2, 1799, an
abstract of the returns made to the Department of
.State by the collectors of customs, pursuant to the
act of May 28th, 1796, for the relief and protection
of American seamen; showing the number of sea-
men registered m the several ports of entry of the
United States during the year ending 3Uth Sep-,
tember, 1848.
Laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
III. Abetter from the Secretary of the Treasury^
transmitting, in compliancc with a resolution of
December 14, a statement showing the amount
of coal imported under the several tariffs' of 1846
and 1842, and the amount of revenue derived
therefrom.
