1848.
TO® CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
IV. A letter from the Postmaster General, trans-
mitting, in compliance with a resolution of the
House of the 21st instant, a report from the First
Assistant Postmaster General in regard to a system
of reduced postages, &e.
Laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
And then the House adjourned.
- PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, and referred:
By Mr. STEPHENS: The memorial of Dr. D. V. duenau-
don, a*-king a grant of land to a regiment OE volunteers to
go to Oregon, on certain condition.-, &.c.: reierred to the
Committee on Military Afi'ans.
By Mr. CUMMINS: Tlic petition of Ephraim Harrison
and 112 others, citizens ot Coshocton county, Otuo, prajing
for the establishment of a post route from Huinptirey's Villa,
in Holmes county, via Van Buren, to Warsaw, in Coshoc-
ton county, Ohio.
By Mr. GR1NNELL : The petition of S. C. Dillingham
and thirty-eight other citizens-of Falmouth, Massachusetts;
asking tiie reduction of postage on letters to the uniform rate
Of three cents. AWo, the petition oi E. Swift and twenty-
five other citizen? ot Falmouth, and forty-four citizens of
Nantucket, asking an appropriation (or the preservation of
Great Woods HoKi Haibor, >u Massachusetts.
By Mr. N1COLL : The memorial of Andrew J. Cilfton,
prating compensation for the salvage of public property
wrecked at Tainpico, Mfc.-sico: referred to the Committee
on Claims.
By Mr. TAL1.MADGE : The memorial of George YVilks,
of the city ot New Yolk, lor the construction of a national
railroad, commencing at a point on the Mi&soun, and ex-
* tending to the Pacific Ocean.
By Mr. BOWI.IN: Ti>c petition of Solomon Davis and
sixty other citizens of Oregon county, Missouri, praying a
change ot entry of a small tract of land which by mistake
was located upon lulls entuely unfit for cultivation, orany
other puipose, instead of his home, which he designed to
enter: reterred to the Committee oil Public Lands.
By Mr. :V. K. HALL: Tile petition of sundry inhabitants
of the county of Erie, praying tor a new mail loute from
Evans to Brant, m said county, with statements of the post-
masters at Evans, Collins, Braiit, and Irving, in favor of the
same.    
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Satubday, December 23, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
Mr. KEN'NON rose to a privileged question,
and stated that his name was recorded on the
Journal in the list of absentees reported yesterday
from the Committee of the Whole to the House.
He was present, (he said,) and answered to his
name, but he presumed the Clerk did not hear
him. He moved that the Journal be amended to
state the fact that he was present.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole .on the private calendar; but waived the
motion for a moment at the request of—■
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, who moved that when
the House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Wednes-
day next.
Mr. GREELEY moved to amend the motion by
striking out "Wednesday" and inserting "Tues-
day-/'and called for the yeas and nays on the
amendment.
The House refused to order the yeas and nays,
and the question being taken, the amendment was
rejected.
The question recurring on the resolution-
Mr. GREELEY asked the yeas and nays; which
were not ordered.'
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. ROCKWELL renewed his motion; but
again wai-ved it at the suggestion of—
The SPEAKER, that there was lying on the
Speaker's table the joint resolution tor the relief
of SamueiT. Anderson, which had been engrossed,
and that it now be put on its passage.
The joint resolution having been taken up for
consi.'etation, the reading of the report was called
for; and some delay arising in finding the paper, the
resolution was passed over informally.
The SPEAKER propounded the question on
Mr. Rockwell's motion.
Mi. PETT1T moved that the House adjourn.
Oil this question the yeas and nays having been
' asked and not otdered, the\ote was taken, and
stood—ayes 50, noes G2—no quorum voting.
The question was again taken by tellers, and the
vote stood—vyes 57, noes 66—a quorum.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurring on Mr. Rockwell s
• motion, was taken by tellers, and the vote stood
ayes 71, noes 26—no quorum voting.
•Mr. WENTWORTH moved a call of the
House, and on that motion demanded the yeas and
nays.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, moved
that the House adjourn.
Mr. PETTIT rose simultaneously to make the
same motion.
The yeas and nays being asked and ordered, the
question was taken, and the vote stood—yeas 68,
nays 101.
So the House again refused to adjourn.
Mr. WENTWORTH (a quorum having voted)
withdrew his motion for a call of the House.
And the question recurred on Mr. Rockwell's
motion.
Mr. McCLERNAND moved that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The SPEAKER stated that the motion to go
into Committee of the Whole on the private cal-
endar was still pending, and had the preference.
If that motion was rejected, the motion of the gen-
tleman from Illinois would be in order.
' THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
The question was then taken on Mr. Rock-
well's motion, and was decided in the affirma-
tive.
The House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole House, (Mr. Boyd, of
Kentucky, in the chair,) for the consideration of
bills on the private calendar.
The CI-lAIRMAN announced that the first bill
in order was the bill for the relief of Lyon and
Howard.
At the suggestion of Mr. ROCKWELL, of
Connecticut, who stated that it was the desire of
gentlemen who were interested in this bill upon
both sides, it was informally passed over by gen-
eral consent.
The bill for the relief of John P. Skinner and
the legal representatives of Isaac Green nest came
up.
[It provides for the payment from the treasury
to the parties named of £8,313 34, "being the
amount received by the United States, on a judg-
ment recovered by them against the saul John P.
Skinner and Isaac Green, m his lifetime, as sure-
ties of Thomas Emmerson."
The reading of the report was called for; and it
having been read—
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
Mr. DICKINSON inquired if the rule did not
require the committee to commence at that point
on the calendar where they had left off at their last
session?
The CHAIRMAN replied, he believed it had
not been the practice, except on objection days.
The next bill was for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of Antonio Pacheco.
[This'bill was reported February 9, 1848, by
Mr. Burt, from the Committee on Military Aftairs,
and provides for the payment to the parties named of
$1,000, " this sum being the value of a slave trans-
ported with the Seminole Indians to the West, by
order of General Jesup." . .
Two reports accompany the bill: the majority
report by Mr. Burt, and the minority report by
Mr. Dickey, signed also by Messrs. Wilson,
Fisher, and Maiivix. The majority and the mi-
nority agree in the statement of the facts in the
case, which are thus set forth by Mr. Bckt, in
behalf of the majority of the committee:
" it 15 thus proved that Pacheco was tnc owner of a negro
slave named Lewi.-., who was hired by ail office! 01 the army,
duly authorized from hi** owner, an mtcrpretei iiitd guide
to uip llWatPd command of Major Dade; that he was one 01
the few muv.vois ol the disa^ttous defeat of that command,
ami lemnined, either voluntanly or as a eaptivf-*, " nosig tr."
itiiiit
liver him to hi* owner, and ordeiedthat he he s-rut with the
Indian* to th« West, because he deemed hi< uari-portauoii
prr.ppi, ina-mut h a> he \va^ consideied oapatfc ot cNCici^nig
an imuiiou* influence over the Indians: ami that, in pni«u-
ance'of this ord^r. lie was transported tt> the W e>t, ami his
owner theicby deptived of his value.'-*
The constitutional and other questions involved
are elaborately argued by both the majority ana
the minority of the committee: the former report
the bill, the latter that the petitioner is not enti-
tled to relief.51] .
Mr. DICKEY desired the Clerk to read so
much of tl\e report as presented the facts of the
case. There was a very elaborate report made
by the majority of the committee for payment for
the slave. The minority in their report resisted
the payment for the slave upon constitutional'
grounds. The constitutional question was elab-
orately argued both by the minority and the ma-
jority. But apart from .the constitutional objec-
tions, the minority contended that there was nothr
ing in this ease which would constitute a goed
claim for the payment for this man Lewis, even if
he were property; and they contended further, that
slaves had never been recognized as property, and
never paid for as such by Congress, except in one
solitary case; which occurred at the first session
of the twenty-eighth Congress. In that instance-,
the bill was allowed to pass on an objection day,
by oversight. He himself was a member of the
House at that time, an.d being aware that the
late distinguished gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Adams,] and the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Giddi>jgs,] were watching it, he had not paid
particular attention to it. It passed in the absence
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, and for
some reason or other it escaped -the notice of the
gentleman from Ohio, and it was the only instance
on our legislative records where a slave had been
paid for as property. Upon investigation, it would
be found that cases much stronger than the present
one had been presented and rejected. One of these
arose upon application made by a person of the
name of Larche, for payment for a ne°ro man
who was killed at the battle of New Orleans. The
slave, together with a horse and cart, the property
of Larche, were impressed into the public service
by order of the commanding officer. During the
battle the negro and horse were killed, and the
enrt destroyed, by the cannon shot of the enemy.
The Committee on Claims reported in favor of
paying for the horse and cart as property, but
against paying for the man, because he was a
person. This was one of the strongest cases that
could be presented to the consideration of Congress.
The owner had not hired the slave to Government,
but the slave had been impressed, against the will
of his master. If any case could be attended with
circumstanced which demanded pay from the Gov-
ernment for the loss of a slave, this was surely such
a case. Yet the committee, composed of men from
the southern States as well as from the "northern
States, appeared to have come to the unanimous
conclusion that to allow this claim would be an
overturning of the established usages of the Goif
ernment. That committee said, that upon exami-
nation made at the Treasury Department, they
had learned that no instance could be found of
slaves killed during the revolutionary war, or
during the war of 1812, being paid for, although
claims had been presented in various instances.
If gentlemen would examine into our past history, -
they would find that it had been an established
principle of the legislation of Congiess never to
pay for slaves as property.
He referred to another case, in which this sub-
ject had undergone a very deliberate consideratidn
by Congress in the year 1828: it was a claim pre-
sented by a Mr. De Autrieve, for payment for a
negro man who was pressed into the public service
in 1812, at New Orleans. In this case, the slave
was not killed, but was wounded. Time was lost
in healing those wounds, and a medical bill was
incurred. The committee who had charge of
this case reported against paying for these items;
and a gentleman who was then a distinguished
member of this House from Louisiana, [Mr. Liv-
ingston,] moved to amend the bill, by providing
I for payment for the time lost and the services ren-
' dereti by the slave. The question underwent dis-
cussion in this House for three wee_ks; and gen-
tlemen who would refer to that debate, would find
from its tenor, as well as from the ultimate result,
that Congress did not contemplate payment for the
time anu services of this person as property; and
this had been the uniform legislation of Congress.
Within a few years past, he knew that efforts
had been made to establish a different principle—
the principle of paying for shives as property. It
was that which the minority of the committee
; resisted, and which they resisted on constitutional
grounds. "He would not now enter into the con-
stitutional argument; but he contended, that in
this particular case, (independently of the consti-
tional objections,) Congress were not bound, by
any principles of law or ot ecjuity, to sustain thc
claim.
