m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 26.
He must ask. the Clerk to read to the House the
statement of facts as presented by the majority of
the committee, and which he believed were cor-
rectly stated.
The Clerk commenced the reading, when—
Mr. WHITE interposed, and asked the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania if it ,was necessary to have
the report read ? It was very long.
JMr. DICKEY said he should like to have the
facts presented to the consideration of the House.
This case involved a very important principle,
which,must be presented to the consideration of
Congress.
The Clerk then continued and 'concluded the
reading of that portion of the report (given above)
which sets forth the facts of the case.
Mr. DICKEY continued. The House would
perceive (he said) from the statement of the facts,
that this negro was hired as an interpreter or guide
in Dade's command; that he was captured by the
Seminole Indians, or escaped to them; that he was
subsequently recaptured, or came in with Chief
Jumper at the capitulation with General Jesup in
1837; that his fctrmer owner claimed him as his
property; that the officers refused to deliver him
up, because he was a captive taken in the war fight-
ing against our country. Application was made
to the court of Louisiana by the owners of slaves
for the delivery of slaves who had come ui under the
capitulation with General Jesup. General Gaines
defended them against the claims of their masters,
on the principle that they were prisoners of war,
who had been captured bearing arms against our
country; tind the court of Louisiana sustained
General Gaines's view, and refused to deliver them
over; and they went to the western country, and
were now there.
Mr. BURT wished the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to do him the favor to mention the case
in which that decision was made.
Mr. DICKEY replied, that he could not at the
moment give the honorable gentleman from South
Carolina the title of the case; but he would refer
him to document No. 225, third session twenty-
fifth Congress, in which he would find set forth
all the facts he was now stating to the House; and
it might be when he (Mr. D.) came to reexamine
that document No. 225, he migfet find that the
man Lewis was one of some sixtyslaves captured
by the Creek Indians, and- claimed by them as
their property under the General Orders of Gen-
eral Jesup. Our Government finding itself in
difficulty, growing out of that order of General
Jesup, instead of paying some $6,000 or §7,000
for the negroes thus captured, concluded to deliver
them over to the Creek chiefs, and they sold the
right and title to them to a Mr. Watson, whom
the gentleman from Georgia [Mr, Cobb] knew.'
He was not certain but that this man (Lewis)
would be found among this number.
Mr.GlDDINGS (from his seat) said he would not.
Mr. DICKEY. The gentleman from Ohio said
he would not. But he would refer his friend from
South Carolina to document No. 225, where he
would find that the courts of Louisiana held that
these persons could not be turned over to the in-
dividuals claiming them as slaves, because they
were warriors, and musigo to thewestern country;
and they had gone there. Our officers could not
deliver ^them up, and they very properly refused,
and we were not answerable for this man being
taken, on the ground that he was taken for the
public use. We .had not got this property in our
possession; we were not using him. He was now
in the West, enjoying all the rights of a freeman
among the Indians. It was not such a taking of
private property for the public use as was contem-
plated by the Constitution of the United States, be-
cause, they contended, by the Constitution of the
United States there could be no property in man.
No such principle was recognized in that Consti-
tution. The Constitution treated slaves as per-
sons subject to be hired into your service, as his
son or your son might be hired; and if they were
lost or killed in the public service, as his son or
your son might be lost or killed, those who claimed
to be 'their owners were no more entitled |o be
paid for them than he would be for his son. The
principle was the same. They were recognized as
persons by the Constitution of the United States;
they were recognized as property by the local,
municipal laws of the State. There was no part
of the Constitution of the United States .which
recognized any claim to them but, that which en-
abled those to whom their labor was due, to rej-
claim them when escaping'from that service into a
free State;and there was nothing, so far as he kne w,
to hinder the owner of the man Lewis from going
to the Indian territory and reclaiming him. He was
there; his owner could get him. This Governimsnt
interposed no opposition to his doing so. The
representatives of Pacheco had no right to claim
of this officer the delivery of this man.
If they had the right, there were the judicial tri-
bunals to which they might have resorted to enforce
their claims: why did not they resort to them r
Because he si^pposed they were.aware of the de-
cision of the courts of Louisiana, where General
Gaines had defended the rights of these persons,
and had been sustained by the court.
As he had before said, he was not going to enter
into the constitutional argument at this time. It was
elaborated in the majority and minority reports;
and he only begged of gentlemen on all sides of
the House to examine into these reports, to go
back and refer to the past legislation ot Congress-
legislation sanctioned by some southern men; for
m the case of Larche, a gentleman from Virginia,
Mr. McCoy, a former distinguished memoer of
this House, acquiesced with the Northern men in
settling that principle; and it had never been broken
down since the organization of. the Government.
He hoped Congress were not now about to break
it down for the first time. The question of prop-
erty had been fully argued by the Congress of 1828,
for three weeks together; and yet we .found that
the proposition of Mr. Livingston to pay for the
medical attendance and the loss of time which the
slave owner suffered from the maiming of his ser-
vant, was laid on the table.
In every sentiment which he had uttered or
might utter, he wished to be understood as having
no desire to wound the feelings of gentlemen
from the South, or to injuriously affect their in-
terests; but he would call them to a sense of the
duty which they owed to this Confederacy of
ours—that when a principle was so well established
as this had been for sixty years past, they would
not now, when other questions of magnitude and
importance were pending, urge upon them of the
North to appropriate from the treasury of our
common country for the payment of slaves as
property, when it never had been done in the his-
tory of our Government, except in the case re-
ferred to, which claim was accidentally passed.
Why should Southern gentlemen now ask them
to abandon this principle, which had been settled
in part by themselves? for when we came to refer
to the history of this question, we found Southern
men joining with Northern men in this expression
of opinion, in this establishment of principle.
There had been nothing of sectional, partisan feel-
ing in the establishment of this principle; and
nothing of such feeling ought now to be enter-
tained, for the purpose of trying to undo that long
and well-settled principle.
If gentlemen from the South would forbear—as
the men of the South seemed to think they ought
to, in the.debate of 1828, when they conceded the
principle that these persons could not be paid for
as property, even when impressed into the public
service, and lost or killed—if they would forbear
to urge upon the men of the North this question
of paying for slaves as property, and if they would
go one or two steps further, (where they ought to
go, and in doing which, their jurisdiction over their
own slaves would not be affected,) and would
abolish the traffic here in this District, there would
no longer be furnished causes for agitating the
peace and harmony of this Union—whether by
fanatics of the South, or by fanatics of the North;
if they would concur in the support of the prop-
osition which had been submitted to this House,
and which, he was proud to say, had met the sanc-
tion of a majority of t>he American House of Rep-
resentatives—to abolish the slave traffic in this
District; if they would provide for its abolition,
and would cease to press olaims upon Congress
for payment for slaves as property, which ques-
tion had long agitated the country,—the bonds of
the Union would be cemented, and we would
continue a united and prosperous people for all
future time.
Mr. BURT interposed, and rose to a question
of order.
Mr. DICKEY disclaimed any intention of being
out of order, and said he had concluded what he
had to say.
Mr. BURT said the gentleman seemed con-
scious that he had voluntarily violated the rule of
order. He did not rise to make any objections
to the allowing of a latitude in this debate; but he
did rise to know, in advance, whether it was the
intention of the committee that these subjects were
to be debated at this latitude upon this bill. If such
was the desire of the committee, he was ready to
take ,his chances in a discussion which they all
knew was out of order. He did not shrink from it,
but he wished to know what course the Chair would
pursue in reference to this latitude of debate?
The CHAIRMAN was understood to reply
that it was difficult for him to prescribe particular
limits within which gentlemen must confine their
remarks; but he would decide questions of order
as they arose.
Mr. STANTON said he did not know but he
would make a speech at this time upon this or
some other subject, were it not for the fact that he
understood most of the reporters were absent from
the city, which would be a very great misfortune
to him if he were to address the committee, as he
should be anxious to have what he might say
reported and published. He did not know that
other gentlemen felt so, but he had thought that
he would give this information to those who were
disposed to make speeches. Under these circum-
stances, he was not inclined to address the com-
mittee, but would move that they rise.
The motion being agreed to—
The committee rose and reported progress upon
the bill under their consideration, together with the
bill for the relief of John P. Skinner and the legal
representatives of Isaac Green.
The latter bill was considered, ordered to be
engrossed, read a third time, passed, and sent to
the Senate for concurrence.
Mr. MEADE stated that he had offered a reso-
lution a few days since, which was adopted, call-
ing for certain correspondence. He had found
that he had given it an improper direction, and
that the call should have been made on the Presi-
dent of the United States; and he asked the general
consent of the House now to modify the resolu-
tion.
The SPEAKER said, if there was no objection,
the resolution would be received.
No objection being made—
Mr. MEADE offered the following resolution,
which was read, consideied, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States cause
to be transmitted to this House, if compatible with the public
interest, the cot respondence of George W. Gordon, late, and
Gorham Parks, the present consul of the United States at
Rio de Janeiro, with the Department of State, on the sub-
ject of the Afucan slave trade; also, any unpublished cor-
respondence on the same subject by the Hon.'Henry A.
Wise, our late Minister to Biazd.
Mr. McLANE moved that the House adjourn;
which being; agreed to—
The House adjourned to "Wednesday next, at
twelve o'clock, m.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule and referred:
By Mr. BOWLfN: The petition of the citizens of Perry
county, in the State of Missouri, pravina the establishment
of the Western Armory at the town of Birmingham, in the
State of Missouri; which petition is accompanied with a
pennon of the president and two directors of said town,
proffering every facility for the aocompIivhm*-nt of sain
object. Also, the petition of William R. Dawson, and 187
others, citizens of Missouri, setting foith the superior ad-
vantages of the site, and piaying for the establishment of the
Western Armory at the city of Cape Girardeau, Missouri.
By Mr. TALLMADGB: The memorial of George Wilka,
of the city of New York, for the construction of a national
raihoadrcommencing at a point on the Missouii and ex-
tending tp the Pacific Ocean.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 26, 1848.
After the customary prayer,
Mr. ALLIEN rose and said: Understanding that
the Vice President is absent,! submit the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the flon. David E. Atchison be ap-
pointed President of the Senate pro tempore.
The resolution was then considered, and unani-
mously agreed to.
Mr. ATCHISON then took the chair, and
The Journal was read.
On motion of Mr. BRIGHT, it was
Ordered, That the Secretary of the Senate inform the Pres-
ident of the United States and the House of Representatives,*
that the Hon. David R. Atchison has been elected Presi-
dent pro tern, for this bod).
