THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & £IVES.
30th Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1848.
New Series..r..No. 7.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, presented the cre-
dentials of Augustus C. Dodge, elected a Senator
from the State of Iowa; which were read.
Mr. DODGE presented the credentials of
George W. Jones, elected a Senator from the
State of Iowa; which were read.
The two Senators were then qualified, and took
their seats.
Mr. ALLEN offered the following resolution;
which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Senate proceed to ascertain the elates
in winch the Senators from the Stnte of Iowa shall be in-
serted, in conformity with the resolution of the 14th May,
1789, and as the Constitution provides.
Mr. ALLEN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed to:
Reinlced, That the Secretary of the Senate put into the
ballot-box two papers of equal sizf, one of which shall b-i
numbered " one," ami the other shall he numbered " three
and each Senatorial! draw out one paper. T.iatthe Sen-
ator who shah draw the paper numbered " one" shall he
inserted in the < la-s of Senators who-e term of service will
expire on thff 3d day of March, 1849; and the Senator who
shall draw the paper numbered(l three" shall be inserted in
the class of Senators whose term of service will expire the
yd d'iy of March, 1853.
The Secretary then proceeded to place the ballots
in a box, and the two Senators drew therefrom;
when it was announced that George W. Jones
had drawn number " three," and Augustus C.
Dodge had drawn number "one."
The term of Mr. Jones will therefore expire on
the 3d day of March, J853-
The term of Mr. Dodge will expire on the 3d
day of March, 1849.
The PRESIDENT pro fem.Iaid before the Senate , j
a communication from the Treasury Department, ;|
containing a report from the Commissioner of the jl
General Land Office, with certain papers from the j
surveyor of the land district of Louisiana; which j
was ordered to be printed. \\
Also, a communication from the Posmaster Gen- | i
eral, made in compliance with a resolution calling ;!
for the report made by S. R. Hobbie, Assistant J
Postmaster General, to the Postmaster General of , j
the United States; which was read and ordered to |
be printed.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the memorial of
Barclay and Livingston, of New York, asking to
be refunded the duties on goods destroyed by fire;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance, j
Mr. BADGER presented the petition of William J
Plummer, legal teprcsentative of William A. Tur- 1
ner, asking to be released from a judgment against
the deceased; which was referred to the Committee ;
on the Judiciary.
Mr. CALHOUN presented the memorial of
Peter Von Schmidt, proposing a plan for render- ;
ing the gold mines in California productive, dec.; ;
which was referred to the Committee on Terri- '
tories. i
On motion of Mr. STURGEON, the petition of .!
James Harvey was taken from the files of the j!
Senate, and referred to the Committee on Patents ;
and the Patent Office. "
On motion of Mr. UNDERWOOD, the papers ,
on file in the case of J. P. Mackall was referred to 1
the Committee on Claims.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. JONES gave notice that he should to-mor-
row, or on some subsequent day, ask leave to in-
troduce a bill for the construction of a mail route
from the city of Dubuque, via the city of Iowa, to
Keokuk, in the State of Iowa.
Mr. DODGE, of low a, gave notice that he would
to-morrow, or on some subsequent day, ask leave
to introduce a bill to cause the northern boundary
of the State of Iowa to be run and marked.
Mr. BENTON gave notice that he would to-
morrow, or on some subsequent day, ask lea\e to
introduce a bill to establish a land office in the State
of Missouri.
BILL ON LEAVE.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, pursuant to notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill grant-
ing to the Stnte of Mississippi a tight of way and
a donation of public lands, for the purpose o( lo-
cating and constructing a railway from Brandon
to Montgomery, in Alabama; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. BELL, on leave, introduced a joint resolu-
tion authorizing the Secretary of War to pay to
John C. Mulloy $550, for expenses incurred by '
him in taking the census of 1840; which was read |
a fiist and second time, and referred to the Com- !
mittee on the Judiciary. j
HOUSE BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS. |
The following joint resolution and bills were j;
received from the House of Representatives, and 1>
were read a first and second time, and referred:
A joint resolution for the relief of Samuel P.
Anderson;
A bill for the relief of James Moore;
A bill for the relief of Charles A. Kelly;
A biii for the relief of the legal representatives |
of Captain Samuel Jones, deceased; !
A bill for the relief of John J. Young, a com- '
mander in the navy of the United States; I
A bill for the relief of John Campbell; i
A bill for the relief of Zachanah Lawrence, of ;
Ohio; j
A bill for the relief of William Fuller; 1
A bill for the relief of the grandchildren of Major j
General Baron de Kalb; !
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives i
of William McFailand, deceased; j
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Joshua Eddy, j
deceased; j
A bill for the relief of John P. Skinner and the
legal representatives of Isaac Reid;
A bill for the relief of Charles A. Barnitz;
A bill for the relief of the legal repiesentatives
of Bernard Todd, deceased;
A bill for the relief of William De Buys, late
postmaster at New Orleans; and ^
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives :
of Joseph Savage, deceased. !i
RTISOT.UTIOXS. !i
On motion of Mr. NILES, j;
Resolved, Tint the Secretary ot the Navy be directed to t;
report to the Senate the amount ot expenditure tor the
freight of provisions, clothing, small stores, ami other sup- h
plies tor our squadion in the Pacific, on the northwest coast, j j
during the year ending on the 30th ot June. IMS; aUo, du-
ring the first two quartets ot the present fiscal \ear; al>o, ;!
the expenditure, it any, for transposing seamen or other
person* connected with the naval seiwce on that station; ,,
and also to infoim the Senate of the number of o(heei>, ,
seamen, and manne.-, who have employed on suni
it ition during the aforesaid period.
Mr. FELCH submitted the following resolu- J
tion; which was considered, and agreed to: jj
Rewired, That the Committee on the Public Lauds be !
instructed to inquire into the e\pedinicv of leducing the '■
price ot public lands on Lake Superior to the inni'tnuin
pi ice of other public lauds, and ot allowing pieemptum [■
lights, as hi other cases. |!
On motion of Mr. UNDERWOOD, ||
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public Lands he j|
instructed to inquire into the expediency ot establishing 'j
one or iuoi«3 boaids of coinmisMoneis-, to ascertain the "
quant'tv ot appiopnated lands in Cahiornia and NVw M^x-
no; and aiso what disposition should be made ot the pub- I;
he domain in the Teiritones upon which gold and othei ,,
minerals «ue ton nil.
GENERAL ORDERS. j;
Several bills were, then called from the general j,
' orders, but were severally postponed in conse- |j
quence of the absenceof Senators interested in their j'
progress. ■
; SAGINAW INDIAN LANDS. J
: The Senate proceeded, as m Committee of the i
: Whole, to the consideration of the bill to provide i
1 for the sale of the lands purchased by the United 1
' States of the Saginaw tribe of Chickasaw Indians, i
I The report accompanying the bill having been
' read— . , '
Mr. WESTCOTT. I would inquire of the
! Senator front Michigan [Mr. Fclch] where this
' band of Saginaw Indians are to betound^at this ;
> time : whether they reside in the State ot Mich-
; igan ? j
! Mr. FELCH. A portion of them only are re- !
] siding upon the territory embraced in the provisions f
! of the bill: other portions are scattered. I do not ;
! know their exact location.
i Mr. DOWNS. There can_be no doubt what- 1
ever that the lands oueht to be sold at some price.
As the report states, the price of these lands was
limited by the stipulations of the treaty, and by
repeated acts of Congress the price has been fixed
at five dollars per acre atone time,and two dollars
and a half at another, for limited periods of time.
These limits will expire very soon. The present
bill provides that these lands shall be sold at the
ordinary Government price. It is approved by
the Commissioner of the General Land Office. I
trust that it will meet with no objection on the
ground that the price is to be reduced; and thrs is
t!>e only question involved in this bill. The other
bill reported with it is of a private nature.
Mr. WESTCOTT. My attention was first
directed to this bill when it was brought before the
Senate the other day.
Mr. DOWNS, (in his seat.) This is not the
same bill.
Mr. WESTCOTT. I am aware that there are
two bills. As a member of the Committee of
Claims, having had under consideration one or two
claims founded upon stipulations referred to in these
treaties, 1 have some understanding of the matter,
if I understand the matter aright, the Saginaw In-
dians are a portion of the Chippewa Indians who
were hostile to this Government in the war of 1812
between this country and Great Britain. Some
time after the war tieaties were made between this
Government and these Indians; and in one of these
treaties it was stipulated that, for certain spolia-
tions which they had committed upon the defence-
less inhabitants of Michigan—during the war and
after the peace—there should be deducted from the
price of the lands ceded by these Indians to the
United States an amount of money sufficient to
reimburse the sufferers for their spoliations. The
amount of these claims was to be adjudged by the
President of tKe United States. A number of them
were accordingly presented to the President, and
passed upon by the War Department; but some
of them, owing to difficulties aiising from the
want of the necessary evidence to establish their
validity, were not presented within the time pre-
scribed for their adjustment. A number of them
have since been presented to the department, and
then afterwards to Congress—the War Department
refusing to act upon them because not presented
within the time prescribed in the treaty.
I have, Mr. President, some difficulty in regard
to this bill, because it affects the treaty. In the
first place, we have seen,at the last session, in the
case of the claims of the Creek and Cherokee na-
tions, how the lime of the Senate was consumed
for weeks, in consequence of Congress having im-
properly interfered by legal enactments with the
terms of treaties made with those Indian tribes.
There is no Senator but can remember that nearly
two weeks of our time was thus consumed. The
practice of recognizing tribes of Indians as sover-
eign nations, and making treaties with them, if it
had not been hitherto recognized, ought not to be
commenced. For one, I am opposed to making
such treaties. I would as soon makeatieaty with
a tribe of mules as with a tribe of Indians. I have
never yet voted for one of these treaties, and I
never expect to do so. But, since this is the prac-
tice of the Government, 1 submit that it will be
unjust in Congress to change the terms of such
treaties by ex puiif legislation, without the consent
of the Indians. What is to prevent us from ap-
pointing commissioners to meet the Sagmaws, and
so change the terms of the treaty as to make them
equitable on both sides, stipulating expressly for
| the payment of these spoliations—which in justice
! ought'to be paid—out of the proceeds of these
lands? .
i understand, from the report which has been
read, that the last bill reported provides merely for
tl-c sale of these lands at reduced prices; and that
I the first hill reported—the private bill—provides
' for the payment of these claims for spoliations. 3n
, the o-eneml bill there is inserted a rule for the ad-
! justment by the President of the United States, out
i of the proceeJs of the sales of these lands, of all
' the just claims for these Indian spoliations m 1^1$
: which have not yet been paid. I submit whether
