98
THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dee. 26,
there should not be an arrangement made with
these Indians fully covering the whole ground.
Mr. KING. I have no very serious objections
to authorizing the sale of these lands, if, of such
lands as can be disposed of, the proceeds shall be
applied as directed by the stipulations of the treaty.
The question is, whether, by reducing the price of
these lands to the minimum price, we do not ren-
der ourselves liable to the Indians for the difference
between their proceeds at seventy-five cents per
acre and what they would amount to at a dollar
and a quarter per acre? I think, in strict honesty,
we should be bound to pay this difference. We
gave to these Indians all the proceeds of the sales
of these lands for the purpose of getting them
away—said proceeds to go for their benefit after
satisfying the claims for spoliations, amounting in
all to twelve thousand dollars, the residue to be
invested for the benefit of the tribe. But it was
found that the Government could not sell the land
at that time, and Congress was urged to do some-
thing for them. Congress, in the superabundance
of its liberality, advanced the sum of seventy-five
thousand dollars, to be applied, under the direc-
tion of the President, for the benefit of these In-
dians, to be reimbursed out of the subsequent
receipts from sales of the lands—the Government
receiving no present advantage except that of get-
ting the Indians away. Now, the Government is
asked, and may be urged in other bills, to assume
the payment of these claims by an appropriation
out of the treasury. This suggestion has compli-
cated the matter very much, it renders the Gov-
ernment liable for the payment of claims which it
never expected to be responsible for. Instead of
going 011 ill good faith, in conformity to the terms
of the treaty, in our anxiety to accommodate wc
have stepped aside from the original terms of the
contract, and u'e are now urged to make ourselves
still further liable, and extend our generosity so
far as to pay these claims before any land can be
sold. And supposing that they be all sold at the
price now proposed, they will not bring the re-
quisite amount for the payment of these claimants.
I think we shall render ourselves liable for the
difference of the receipts under the sale at. the re-
duced price proposed and what the receipts would
be at the regular price; and it is for the Senate to
say whether they will pass the bill with this pro-
vision and take the chance of this liability. We
may rest assured that the matter will not sleep
here if this hill should pass with that provision.
Shall we, then, take the chance of thus becoming
liable, and sell these lands, whii-h, it seems, can-
not be sold at the present minimum pi ice'
Mr. DOWNS. There certainly can lie found
no serious objection to this bill upon a just appre-
hension of its provisions. TheSeiMtorfrom Florida
[Mr. WKfi'iv.oTr] mistakes, when lie intimates
that the passage of tins bill will interfere who ear
Indian treaties. The reading of the bill itself dis-
pels that objection. The bill does not propose to
modify ally Indian treaty, but it repeals an act of
Congress the provisions of which did modify
several Indian treaties rpon this subject. A proper
understanding of the subject will also remove all
the doubts of the Senator from Alabama, [Mr.
King.] This bill wi 1 neither increase nor diminish
the liability or responsibility of the United States.
By the original treaty with these Indians, these
lands were imt to be said at a price less than
seventy-five cents an acre. Some years afterwards,
the prices of these lands being high on account of
the rapid emigration to that quarter, an act was
passed providing that these lands should not be
sold for less than five dollars an acre, and after-
wards an ai". ki parsed fixing the price at two
dollars and a. half per acre.
Finding upon trial, that the limitations imposed
by these acts would not extricate the Government
from lesponsibdity in this matter, but rather in-
creased the d]!iie'!!<y, in consequence of their ina-
bility to sell the 'an.i at these piices, and in order
to get through with tins business, ihe Committee
on the Public Lauds have thought it nccessary and
proper that these lands should be reduced to the
ordinary Government price, and when sold, the
money will of course be appropriated under the
direction of Congress. Whether the Government
shall be liable for the whole amount of these claims
which are set op is immaterial; but certainly we
are bound, in good faith, to moke the money out
of these lands as soon as we can. As it is now,
under the present arrangement, it is probable that
not a dollar can be paid towards these claims for
several years. I think, that so far from increasing
the obligations of the Government by tlius pro-
vidin0- for the sale of these lands7 we rather decrease
themf If we pass this act, the Government may
Tory well require of these claimants to wait a brief
period, and see whether the proceeds of the lands
will be sufficient for their demands, and so the
matter will be adjourned for the present. If the
proceeds of the land sales should prove not to be
sufficient for this purpose, the question may after-
wards come up, whether the United States shall oe :
held responsible for the remaining portion of the
If any alteration is to be made in the bill, I would
suggest an amendment providing that lands in un-
favorable locations shall be sold for their value. I
would not object to a provision that such portions
of the lands should be sold at something less than j
the Government pr.ee. ;
The Senator from Florida also suggests that a 1
new treaty ought to be made with these Indians. ;
But if the Senator will look at the treaties already ]
made, he will find three or four of them, and so j
confused and complicated were they in their char- ;
acter, that an act of Congress was rendered neces !
sary in order to elucidate them and declare what !
should be done on the subject. It is absolutely |
necessary, in order to get along with this case at i
all, that a bill of the character now before the Sen-
ate should be passed. I
Mr. KING. Do I understand the honorable i
Senator from Louisiana to say that, by the treaty, [
the price of the land is fixed at seventy-five cents ;
per acre? I
Mr. DOWNS. The treaty stipulates that tne ;
i land shall not be sold for less than seventy-five ,
cents an acre. '
Mr. KING. We shall, then, at any rate, get j
seventy-five cents per acre! The objection to the
reduction is withdrawn on my part, which brings
us back to the original bill.
Mr. FELCH. The question in regard to the
assumption by the United States of a certain lia-
bility does not arise here. When the bill was
presented the other day for the payment of these
claims, I desired time to look into the tieaties. I
have not yet pursued these examinations far
enough to satisfy my mind as to whether it would
be proper to pay them. But as to this bill, it is
nothing more nor less than a modification of ex-
isting laws. I would cad the attention of the
Senate to the situation of this land. It was in the
possession of the fraction of a tribe of Indians—
one hundied thousand acres in extent—-embracing
sixteen sections, and scattered in their location
upon the waters of various rivers emptying into
the Saginaw hay. At the time of the treaty, or
shin tly afterwards, the probability was that the
lands would sell for a much higher price than the
prescribed limit; and the acts of lrtli were passed
in view of this fact, and were fully .justified by the
tide of emigration which was then corning in. But
these prices ($5 and §9 50 per acre) it soon be-
came impossible to obtain; and it was plain that
many years must elapse before they could be sold
at those prices. The question of reducing these
prices has nothing to do with the question of the
liability of the United States to pay these individual
claims. That must depend upon the construction
of the ti eaty itself. The United States, according
to this treaty, have undertaken the sale of these
lands. The" title having been ceded to the United
States—whether they are liable for the claims or
not—thev are bound to sell the lands within a
reasonable time, and under the stipulated lim-
itation, for not less than seventy-five cents per
acre. It is impossible to make sale of the lands
now at the prices fixed by the Government. The
Government stands as a trustee m the case; and
it, becomes its duty to fix prices upon the lands at
which their sale can be the most readily and profit-
ably effected. The bill proposes nothing more
nor less than to fix their price at the minimum of
one dollar and twenty-five cents, instead of seven-
ty-five cen's.
Mr. BADGER. I simply desire to ask of the
Senator from Louisiana whether the bill was re-
ported with the unanimous concurrence of the
Committee on Public Lands?
Mr. DOWNS. According to my recollection
the committee were unanimous m recommending
it. Upon the bill for the private claims they were
not unanimous.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, and was read
a third time and passed.
CADWALADER WALLACE.
On motion ofMr. UNDERWOOD, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill for the relief of Cadwalader
Wallace.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, I rise
for the purpose of giving Senators, and particularly
my friends on the opposite side of the Chamber,
such information on this subject as I have col-
lected. Since this bill was under consideration the
other day, 1 have taken the trouble to look over
all the documents connected with it, and I believe
now that t understand the facts and the principle
on which the Military Committee have reported
in this case. The bill allows compensation for a
! horse valued at one hundred and eighty dollars,
i 't then allows compensation for collateral services
1 as the aid of General Hull for one year. Gentle-
■ men on the other side desire to know on what prin-
ciple the allowance was made. First, as to the
I horse. I have taken the trouble to examine the
! statutes in regaid to private claims of this char-
actor; and among the various acts of Congress
! passed, there have been several allowances made
! for the purpose of compensating their owners for
1 horses lost in the service of the United States. 1
■ will only trouble the Senate with reading from one
or two of them. Indeed, sir, it is difficult to pass
over this subject without lootring at a few of those
| acts. I will 'only call the attention of the Senate,
:j by way of precedent, to a few of the first acts
l[ which have been passed in relation to the subject.
:! In the year 1816 an act for the relief of Joseph
j Wilson was passed, paying for a horse killed by a
1 sentinel. The accounting officer was directed to
i ascertain thevalueofthehorse,and theGovernment
. paid for the hoise thus destroyed as being in the
i service of the United States. In 1&20 an act was
i passed for the relief of Joseph Bruce, allowing the
I sum of sixty-five dollars in full for his claim against
the United States for a horse lost in the public ser-
; vice; and this, too, without saying how lost—
1 whether killed by a sentinel, shot by the enemy,
lost for want of forage, or escaped and run away,
ij In 1820 an act was passed for the value of a horse
lost in the service. The next class of acts are for
, payments allowed for horses lost for want of for-
age. Now, sir, in this case the horse has been lost
' in consequence of an American general surrender-
ing an American army to the enemy. The horse
has been lost in the service of the United States,
;i and without the fault of his owner. The owner
! has been deprived of that property—the fault being
with the commanding general, who refused to
, allow htm to fight. If you pay for horses lost for
want of forase, you may say you pay because the
Government failed to furnish the means of keeping
the horse alive. If you pay foi an accident v. here-
by a certain piece of property has been lost by an
individual, and he is not to blame for it, upon
what principle do you refuse to pay for this horse,
lost because an American general, in violation of
his duty, surrenders an army to the^ enemy' Rec-
ollect General Hull was tried for this offence, con-
demned, and ordered to be shot for it; and by that
proceeding—the act of your own court martial—
yon fix the offence upon the head of the general,
and exonerate the troops. Thus, in the rejection
of this bill—in the refusal to pay for this horse—
you are about to say, that when an officer or sol-
dier loses his property by the default of his gen-
eral in the service of the United States, and he pre-
sents a claim against the Government, it is not to
be respected. Vet, by your own acts, the jirinci-
ple has been established, that when propelty has
been lost in the service of the Government, acci-
dentally, without the fault of the loser, the Gov-
ernment is tinder moral obligations to pay for it.
But, sir, let me contrast this case with other
cises, m which you have sanctioned this principle.
What did you do in the case of Captain Center?
You directed in that case that where officers of the
Government destroy property to pi event its falling
into the hands of the eneiny, which, if not so de-
stroyed, most assuredly would, the sufferer should
be paid for his property. You there established
the principle, for the first time upon its discussion,
that when an officer or soldier has property so
situated as not to be worth one cent to him, on
account of indications that it will certainly fall into
the hands of the enemy, and so be lostor destroyed,
