1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
that in such a v.iv o—where property is destroyed j
to prevent it falling ujto the hands of the enemy 1
—the officer or soldier should be reimbursed. But '
here, where the horse was lost in the service with-
out fault of his owner, notwithstanding the prece-
dent you have established, you refuse to reimburse
the owner.
Now, as'to the value of the horse, and the testi-
mony in the ca&c proving that he was worth two
hundred dollars, i can inform the gentleman on
the other Ride of the Chamber, who thinks this a
high price, that, i i the country where I reside—a J
horse-raising country—every horse purchased for |
the use of the army uniformly sells for from one j
hundied and fifty to two hundred dollars. So much 1
upon that subject. !
Now, as to the objection to paying Colonel !
Wallace as the aid of General Hull. Here is a ,
case of the payment of an individual precisely un- !
der similar circumstances. General Jesup certifies j
that one of the aids of General Scott, (A. II. Ken- j
ner,) called an aid-de camp, was paid under cir- ;
cumstances precisely similar to the case of Colonel j
Wallace. Wallace was appointed as the aid of i
Governor Meigs, and held his commission under h
the great seal of the State of Ohio, as also did Gov- h
ernor Meigs. He assisted Governor Meigs in the
organization of the army of 1812. After thus ;j
cooperating with the Government for some time
he was turned ove>-, with the army raised, as vol-
unteer aid to Gcncr.il Hull. While acting under
that commission he rendered the service upon
which this claim is founded; and while acting in
that rapacity the circumstances occurred which
induced the surrender of General Hull. The ob-P
jection as applied to Wallace is, that he was not ]
commissioned by the United States. Bat it hap-;!
pens that in the ca^e of Kenner that officer was ;
appointed under similar circumstances as aid to
General Scott m the southern campaign.
And now, with that precedent before us, can
gentlemen refuse to pay Wallace upon the ground
that he was not commissioned under the authority
of the United State.*? He was commissioned by
State authority; mastered into service m the army
thus organized by Sfateauthority; and now, having ji
performed certain laborious services, i ask upon j
what principle you can refuse to the laborer the !|
wages which aic his due? If he had performed ■'
this service without any commission; if, as a vol- - j
unteer, he had s-civcd m your ranks and fought ,!
your battles, it vo^ld have" been but liberal, and
just, and moral, am: right to pay him for the ser- j.
Vices rendered. A .d now, because he was received j
into service with u higher rank conferred upon him ■:
by State author;(.v, vrill Congress say that he shall j;
not be paid? I L^pe n^t. Here is all the proof.
His commission v,' der the great seal of the State ' j
of Ohio; the atfT hiviN establishing the value of the d
horse: the certm- ates of General Jesup and -of !
General Cass, who Knew his rank and the service
rendered by him. All the facts are now before the '
Senate. I have thus performed my duty in behalf ;
of this old gentleme.il. The bill comes from the j
House of Representatives, where it passed without j
objection. It has now been unanimously reported ;
by the Military Committee of this body; and what j
ground can be taken against the passage of the ;
bill5
Mr. NILES. I understand the gentleman from !
Kentucky to say that this individual was in the ;
military service of the State of Ohio, commissioned
by the'Govemor the State, and that from the
service of the Su>tr he was called into the service
of the United Now, this being the case,
it appears to mc that he must have been paid as
the other officers m the service weie, either by the
United States or by the State of Ohio. Why this
particular otiiccr has to come here for pay seems
to me a little str^ili:. Why was he not paid when
his associates v we >"• ud K All the others who were
in the same poimoc, i take for granted, were paid.
Haung boon tr m-Amred to the ser\ice m which
General Hull had '•"imnand does not alter the na-
tiuo of his ' hum v r pay.
Mr. UNDKUWOOD. If the Senator will allow
mc, 1 will txpia.n how it was that he was not
paid.
Mr. NILES. CYrtainly. I shall be cxhemely
glad to be mfornu d.
* Mr. UNDERWOOD Mr. Wallace was never
attached to anv it^unent or brigade m the bcrvicc
of the State winch was tinned over to the United
States; if he had b.en, he would have been regu-
larly paid, as all troops mustered into the service
of the United States were paid; but Mr. Wallace,
being commissioned by the Governor of Ohio,
went into the service of the United States as vol-
unteer aid to General Hull, and was not reported
upon any muster-roll of brigade or State troops
that were mustered into the service of the United
States. If he had been reported upon any such
roll, he would have been paid; but going into the
service as a mere volunteer aid to General Hull,
his name did not appear upon the army roll. I
will now state, in answer to an inquiry that was
made the other day, and which I omitted to do-
when I was up before, the reason given by Mr,
Wallace himself why this claim has been so long
delayed. When the subject was up for considera-
tion a few days ago, it was asked why this claim
had been delayed for such a length of time. In
the response which I made to the inquiry at the
time, I anticipated the very reason assigned by
the petitioner. He says the reason why he never
preferred the claim before was, because he had
never thought of doing it until necessity com-
pelled him to do it. Having belonged, as he says
in hispetition, to an unfortunate corps which sur-
rendered to the enemy, he thought, so long as he
could do without the money, he would never make
application for it; but having been reduced to very
straitened circumstances, he asks die Government
now to do him that justice to which he conceives
himself entitled.
Mr. KING. I hope it will not be considered
necessary to consume any more of the time of the
Senate in discussing this bill, especially when,
owing to the thin attendance of Senators, it would
hardly be proper to take the vote upon its final
passage. The honorable Senator from Kentucky
has fairly stated the action of the Government in
regard to payment for horses. The course pursued
by Government originally was to pay for the
horses that weie lost in the service in consequence
of a want of sufficient forage to sustain the lives of
the animals, the Government being bound to sup-
ply the necessary quantity. The fault, therefore,
being on the part of the Government, there was an
evident propriety in the Government paying indi-
viduals for the loss of their horses. They went a
step further. They, in some particular instances,
paid for horses lost in the service by the act of an
officer of the Government, such as dismounting
the men, those who entered the service as cavalry,
forcing them to leave their horses, by means of
which they weie lost, tyhen in all probability they
would not have been lost but for the action of the
officer in forcing the men to depart from the line
in which they had entered the service. This was
the case in Florida. With regard to the peculiar
case which the honorable Senator alluded to, in
which the horse was killed by a sentinel, that was
also considered to be the act of the Government, a
man in the service of the Government having de-
stroyed an animal belonging to one of the soldiers.
That is but a solitary case, howevci; and 1 think
the honorable Senator wiH not be able to find an
instance where horses killed m battle have been
paid for. The destruction of horses in battle was
one of those risks to be encountered upon entering
the service; the lives of the animals were i^eccs-
sardy exposed to the fire of the enemy. I know
no instance in the history of the Government m
which we have paid for horses Urn4* decoyed.
The Senator has also alluded to a special case, in
which a hill was passed to indemnify an individual
for the lose; of ins horse; but srail we n< >v, be-
cause there has been one ease in which a bill has
been, passed to good a less of this kind, sus-
tained by an individual, assume the responsibility
in all cases? The Senator does not s'ate the
"rounds upon which the payment was made m
that case. Is it no' reasonable to presume, Unit the
loss m that particular case arose from some action
"the Go\frnment itself, such as failing to supply
Wh
forage r
stance,
the par
was the individual pa d in that m
:s" the loss a;o<e from some fault on
the Government? Unless it can ne
shown that there was some fault on the pa; t of the
Government, \ apprehend the hunuraoic Senator
cannot sustain his case.
Again, with res^ud to the payment ot^
tleman as the volunteer aid of Gen. Bui
his being the aid of the Govemorof Gmo,, t. at mis
nothing "to do with th<> ea*e He ceased to ne m
the service of the State of Ohio; and wnere is the
evidence to show that he was in the service oi the
 en-
s to
i United States? He had the certificate of General
| Cass and of General Jesup that he performed ser-
j vices. Sir, what right had General Hull toemploy-
; volunteer aids?
Mr, UNDERWOOD. If the honorable Sen-
ator will allow me, here is the letter of General
Hull thanking this officer, and complimenting him
upon the manner in which he had discharged his
duty.
Mr. ICTNG. I am not going to controvert the
fact that this gentleman did serve as a volunteey
aid to General Hull; but I would ask military men
: whether it is in the power of a commanding officer
■ to draw around him officers at his pleasure, and
! make their pay a charge to be borne by the treas- -
ury? He has? of course the power of selecting
aids, but they must be taken from the army.
There are certain established rules in regard to
this matter. There was the army from which he
might have made his selection. These were the
officers who were entitled to be so chosen; and
that a commanding officer should be at liberty to
go beyond them, and select a man who was not
commissioned in the service at all, seems to me, J
confess, somewhat strange. If you onceestablish
a principle of that kind, there will be no limit; it
may be earned to any extent. And this is the
reason, I entertain no doubt, why this claim has
been suffeied to remain for a quarter of a century
without being brought before Congress. I know
nothing of the individual; I take the case as 1 find
it; and really it does appear to me that if we are
hound, after the lapse of so many years, to pay
claims of this description, we cannot tell where we
shall stop. Claimants innumerable will come for-
ward and say, although we had a valid claim we
did not need the money, and therefore we were
silent, but now our necessities compel us to ask
that it be granted to us. Establish a precedent of
this kind, and you will have cases enoush. I have
.seen how this thing goes on from unwillingness to
vote against the claim of an individual who iepre-
sents that he has performed services. Establish
such a precedent, and you open the doors of the
treasury to every applicant who can make out any-
thing like a plausible case.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I am not altogether cer-
tain, but I believe that it is provided by act of
Congress that horses killed in battle are to be paid
for. I think I have some recollection of such an
act, and that the honorable Senator is mistaken in
legard to that p^mt.
Mr. KING. It will be well to examine the law
and ascertain whether it is so or not.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, i would like to have
time to do so; but I do not wish that the passage
of this bill should be again deferred. I would
rather let the case be disposed of without further
delay. If I find the act, or any authority which
bears upon it, I will point it out to the honorable
Senator over the way for his satisfaction. One
remaik, though, before the Senate votes. The
honorable Senator from Alabama says there is
danger of opening the door to cases in wnich per-
sons, under a change of circumstances, and upon
a pica of present necessity, may bring forward
claims which they had previously abandoned. Sir,
if services have been rendered, they should be paid
for upon every principle of equity and propriety.
The or!v question is, has the service been ren-
d^.ed, and has it been pi'id for? If you have
received theseivice, you ought to pay wnat it is
reasonably worth. When you have done tins,
you arc not a loser: it is but a_just equivalent.
That you have received the service in this case,
the Gentleman over the way hiipsdf acknowledges,
ru-sides, here is the evidence of General Hull, of
General Cass, and of General Jesup—the evidence
of all those who were present when the service
was rendered—that you have received that service.
Then, sir, why should you refuse to pay for .it?
Mv honorable friend over the way does not dis-
criminate between the case of Kennan and this
c-se Here it is as set forth in the report, and
oomlemcn who have opposed the principle m this
have taken up the report of the Military Com-
mittee, and shown why Ken nan ought to have been
- ud and the clnm of Wallace rejected. Sir, 1dis-
like that unfortunate rule of human action which
allows to one individual what is denied to another.
I dislike that principle of human nature wnich is
ready to yield everything to one, and equally rcaay
to condemn another for the veiy same thing lor
, which the first is commended, bir, 1 admit, that-
