102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 27,
of these appraisers was the Comptroller of the
Treasury, arid the other Mr. Pierce Butler. These
gentlemen estimated the value of the interest, for
the second time, at $15,000.
Mr. WESTCOTT. Will the Senator answer
me a question ?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. WESTCOTT. I understand this land was
originally procured for a light-house. Mr. Balie
Peyton owns one-half of it, and the United States
gave §15,000 for the other half. The question I
wish to propound is, whether, since the United
States purchased this interest of Carter, this site
for a light-house has not been abandoned, and the
building itself gone into ruins?
Mr. JOHNSON. Not to my knowledge.
Mr. DIX. I was not aware, until my attention
was called to the subject, that this is the same bill
which was brought forward several times at the
last session. I understand that the Government
do not want this land; that the light-house oil it
has decayed; and that, in all probability, another
Site will be selected. I have not now before me
the information pertaining to this matter, which
was in my possession last winter. This is not an
application on the part of the Government, but an
application on the part of an individual, for the
Government to pay a large sum of money for land
which we do not want. I understand, moreover,
that the Government has sold the other half of
this land for a few hundred dollars—at any rate
less than a thousand—with the exception of four-
teen acres reserved for a light-house. I hope the
bill may be postponed, and I will take some pains
to collect the necessary infoimation upon the sub-
ject.
Mr. JOHNSON. If it is the desire of gentle-
men to obtain information m regaid to the bill, I
shall not object to its postponement, though i
should prefer present action upon it. If the Gov-
ernment have abandoned this light-house, it must
have been done v<-ry recently. it is not known
to me, however, and the gentleman is probably i
mistaken. With regard to the selling of this land
by the Government, I know nothing. 1 ftnow
that the Government has recently advertised for
sale numerous tracts of land in different States of
the Union, which were not wanted for public pur-
poses; and whether this land has been so offered
for sale I know not. It is my impression that it
has not. But this does not nffeel the question be-
fore the Senate. The land is now occupied by
Peyton, and it is necessary to possess his interest,
in Older to place the whole within the control of
the Government.
Mr. BRIGHT. I recollect this bill distinctly;
for I presume it is the same one that was brought
forward on se\cr;,l occasions for consideration at
the last sessir.'i. Unless its features and the facts 1
connreted with it have changed since that time, it
is nothing n:sie nor less Hum a bill to compel the
Government to pay lii'een thousand dollais for a 1
piece of prop r:y I■ i;■we do not want, and have
no earthly us-, t a-. This is (he view which, upon
examination, I took of the bill at the last session.
I shall vote against its passage. i
Mr. BliLt. 1 have, pot examined the reports [
upon this case. My knowledge of the lftatter has i
been gathered wholly from the discussions to I
which I have listened. I do not rise for the pur- !
pose of opposing the proposition to postpone, but
with the object of answering, before any final vote <'
shall be taken, some objections urged against ii,
which are calculated to p:r_ju'J:ce the minds of Sen-
ators. The only knowledge 1 have of the matter, ;
as I have already said, has been collected from the
remarks of my friend from Louisiana and others
who have taken part here, and from another friend
of mine, who argued the question before the Su- '
prenie Court some se\en or eight years ego. In
his arguir.fcnt._I recollc.-t, ho represented this as a
point of land tliat jiitnnsseaiiy would be considered
ot great value, because of its being tne highest
point of (and in a particubr pass of the rivr for
some distance, anU where the Government deemed
it very important to establish a light-house for the
and claimed under the preemption laws of the Uni-
ted States, and had proceeded, at considerable
expense, to build a hgnt-house upon it. But the 1
settler contested the light of the Government to
make the reservation, upon the plea that the pos- :
session of the land was important for Government
purposes, and instituted legal proceedings against
the Government. The district court of Louisiana
confirmed the right of the claimant; but, by order
of the Government, under the motion of the Uni-
ted States District Attorney, the case was brought
up regularly by appeal to the Supreme Court,
where it, was warmly contended by the Attorney
General that the Government had a right to excludc
the complainant. The Supreme Court, however,
affirmed the decision of the court below, and con-
firmed the title of Fitzgerald. At that time, how-
ever, it,.was in the possession and use of the Gov-
ernment oftheUniteuStates. Ot'othercircumstances
connected with the case, I have no knowledge ex-
cept what I have gatheicd from reading the report
and what has been said here.
I think that honorable Senators have done injus-
tice tn this case; and first, with regard to the remark
] of the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Davis,]
i who asks, what use has the Government for more
than a tew acres, even if it be important to estab-
a hght-house there ' Now, I put it to the honorable
gentlemen, whether, in the idea of the value at-
' tached to property situated as this is—by the pur-
, chasers from a picemptive claimant—they may not
: well include the impoitance of such a point to the
j United States Government for the erection of a
light-house or fortifications. I ask, whether the
, puichasers from Fitzgerald might not very prop-
■ erly consider and include this in the idea of value
ill their purchase, and so give a large price for it,
.on the giound that it would at some day be very
i important to the Government that it should become
, the possessor of it at a fdir and reasonable price;
though truly, it would be iniquitous in citizens to
exact an exorbitant valuation of such propeity
from the Government. If these gentlemen became
puiehdsci's ot this property, have they not the
right to claim a fair consideration for the idea of
value attached in purchasing the property with
relerem'c to its public utility, and of consequent
future use by Uo\ermnent? But again; Who can
estimate the value of a hundred and sixty acres of
land situated as this is? The honorable Senator
from Louisiana is better informed than i am, and
can give a better idea of their value. But I have
; seen some of these rich lands, situated on what is
called tlie coast of the Mississippi, below New
Oilcans; and when gentlemen talk of £30,000 being
an exorbitant valuation, I would have them to re-
member that it is only with reference to the present
year thai they can so speak of it. When we
estimate the value of these lich alluvial lands, so
productive in their nature, and so favorably situ-
ated, by the value of property in the Old World,
and in many parts of the New, we make up oar
estimate by an erroneous standard. I haye no
hesitation in saying that one hundied dollars per j
acre lor these rich lands below New Orleans, and
lor hundreds of mdes above, would be consideied
a moderate valuation even now; and that, within ;
a kw years of time even two hundred or two hun- .
died and fifty dollars an acre will not be considered
too high. In this point of view, then, the. valua-
tion now placed upon this ever-enduring soil cannot
be consideted exorbitant. And besides this, it
j may have been purchased, and, at any rate, may
; fairly be sold, by Carter and Peyton, upon a vaiu-
: ati.in having reference to its importance for the
1 public use, and future purchase by Government.
Some Senators have thrown oat the idea that this ,
Government, having a chum against one of these !
Cup.u-tncis, had levied on his interest m the land;
and thai, interest having been appraised, in con-
formity to the laws of Louisiana, by gentlemen ■
selected by the court for the purpose, at f-15,000,
became owner of that interest; and now, says an
honorable Senator, why not have a partition of the
propelty, hold on to that reserved for the light-
house, and then let the other owner go on and^sell
' ins interest for what he can get alterwaids? But
now I ask the honorable Senator whether that
would be fair? Would it be fair and equitable to
• take this very extiaoidmary couise, and so det/ie-
ciate^ihe value of his lands that they would not be
worth probably more than twenty-live per ce.it. of,
their present valuation, thus depriving him of near-
ly all his property ? Would it be light, I ask you,
sir? But you cannot do it.
A message was here received from the House of
Representatives, after which—
Mr. ISLLL continued. I was about to inquire
what right the Government would have to loy out ;
i! fbuiteen acres of this land and sell it, to the prcju-
j dice of this claimant? What light would the Gov-
l| eminent have to sell their undivided interest for
|l some few hundred dollars, as was stated by the
honorable Senator from New York, [Mr. Dix]?
j, What right would the Government have to make
ji any such division at all ? What ri^ht would they
| have to do this, even if the authority to do so ex-
|! istedj and, especially, what right would the Gov-
|i ernment have to communicate such authority for
'< the very purpose of making the division? Woultl
!; it not be arbitrary and unjust of them to make
i such a division of this property, even if they could
do so under the laws of Louisiana? I believe thaty
j according to the laws of that State, (Louisiana.)
; the Government has no right to partition off this
I property, and sell the most valuable portion of it,
d to the prejudice and loss of the owners of the re~
; mainder of the land. If I am wrong in this belief,
the gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. John-son] eari
inform me whether, according to the laws of that
, Str.te, such a proceeding could take place.
What portion of the land did those fourteen
'! acres which were sold by the Government in-
clude? They included, I piesume, that portion ors
ji which the light-house was Greeted; which was
erected upon private property, without any au-
| thority whatever. If this hght-house was erected
\ upon private property originally, it was, in all
■, probability, done under the idea that the Secietary
of the Treasury knew of some law by which he
could set aside the claim of the individuals holding-
, the property and sell it, or convert it to the use o!"
the Government. And the same must have been
the case if the Government has sold a portion of
the land, as stated by the Senator from New York,
1 [Mr. Dix.] I apprehend, however, that the in-
formation received by the honorable Senator [Mr,
Dix] is incorrect, and cannot be relied on. 'But,
at any rate, would it not be arbitrary and nnuisi
for the Government, by anv proceeding, to de-
, prive the gentlemen to whom this property right-
'• fully belonged of any portion of it, or to appro-
priate a pait of it to their own use, to the detriment
, and loss of the just and lawful owners of the land ?
Such a proceeding, in my opinion, would be
wholly illegal and altogether unjustifiable. And I
would here remark, that the pal ties to whom this
land belongs have a right to take into considera-
tion the public uses to which it may hereafter be
applied in their estimation of its value. They have
a right to include, in all their estimates and valua-
tions of the property, whatev.-r advantages may
be incident to its position, mid whatever3 advan-
i tuges may accrue, or may be likely hereafter to
j arise, on accountof its future importance to the Gov-
; ernment of the United States. And would it not be
iniquitous for tne Government to denrive them, by
) any manner of proceeding, of any of their rights,
privileges, or advantages; present or prospective?
The fourteen acres, str, may include ail that
portion of the land held to be of'pny value. Foit-
wcations may be erected uvou it; a light-house
may be permanently iocatcd and erected thcie;
and it seems to me that it would be illegal and
unjust for the Government to t.ispose of the most
1 portion or the land, ync? Icnv? the remain-
ing and comparatively worth less part only to those
to whom the whole rightfully belongs. It seems
to ine, therefore, tnat the information which has
come to the ear of the honorable Senator from
ISew^'ork [Mr. Dixj in rei^uun to the Govern-
ment s having- made a division of this land, and
' reserved for
selling their interest m tne hiojer
themseives, must be incontoi.
INovv, sir, in all tins I qo not miun to say that
v. o me cubed upon to aulijor'zn an exoi'bitunt or
txtravapint puce burn- paid for this property,
ine bill hscit proposes that ti.-re stall be a limit-
ation if) the price at which it ji,;]} be purchased;
and if the Secretary of the T^aMiry, who >> to be
leuuested and authorized by !l,e bill to settle the
■u.iolc Mutter, timiks that the lands are not worth
iTioic than two thousand u<>\\ us, he will give no
more for them. If the Sccmtary consideis the
ianos to be worth five or ten thousand dollars, he
wiii pay that price for them, and no more. If,
•However, that officer thinks the lands are worth
«.he feum named in the bill the highest point,
oeyond. which he must not <^o, namely, fifteen
thousand dollars, and if he cannot iret them for a
iess amount, why then the bill proposes that it
shall be given. It is scarcely piobable, however,
that fiileen thousand dojlaiH v, ould be naid for the
