106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 27,
side, and of the General Government through its
constituted authorities on the other side. They were
here with certain habits, associations, customs,
and institutions. They had no voice in the elec-
tion of the National Legislature. The Constitution,
however, had conferred upon this Legislature full,
ample, unqualified powers of legislation over them.
But every principle of right, of justice, and of mo-
rality required that the requests of these people, so
far as they were reasonable, should be the only
criterion of legislation in reference to the question.
Therefore, in his opinion, slavery should not be
abolished in this District except upon the request
of the people who resided in it. in uttering these
views, he was not speaking the impulses of his
heart'—every fibre of which was struck with hor-
ror at the existence of this institution, in all its
forms and complexions; but he was undertaking
to present a view of the subject, which he thought
was founded in the immutable principles of justice
which should always govern the intelligent legis-
lation of Congress.
The question that arose was this: Was the
abolition of the slave trade within this District an
exception to the rule which he had laid down? He
humbly submitted that it was. While he would
say that he regretted the introduction of this reso-
lution; while, had he been consulted on the sub-
ject, he would have advised against it; yet the
resolution having been introduced, and being called
to vote upon it, he should state the views which
would control his vote in reference to it.
He should vote to reconsider this resolution, for
several reasons, which ho would now attempt to
stale: First, on account of the language of the
resolution itself. It did not convey the meaning
which the mover himself most probably intended.
It was so compiehensive in its terms, that it would
prevent any resident of this District from disposing
of his slave, however great the necessity. He
doubted whether this Congress possessed such a
power—a power to render the property of indi-
viduals here absolutely worthless, by taking from
them the light of disposing of it.
But, %vai\ing the question of constitutionality,
the resolution, he repeated, in its present form, fell
within the rule to "which he had alluded. It would
constitute a direct interference with the rights of
the people of this District. It was a proposition
to act at once, so as to prevent them from dispo-
sing of their property—a right m which they were
deeply interested—without any expression of then-
wishes "upon the subjcct.
Mr. TUCK here interposed, and wished to ask
the gentleman a question; but
Mr. STUART declined, and said if the House
would not consider it disrespectful, he would be
obliged to gentlemen if they would allow him to
go on with the remarks which he had to make
without being interrupted. He should be very
happy, if his time would allow, to answer the
questions which any.gentleman on tins floor might
desire to put, but he would piefcr—veiy much
piefer to go on without interruption.
[Cries of "Go on—go on."]
He should vote for the reconsideration of the
resolution, (he continued,) for another reason: he
doubted the propriety—not the power, but the
propriety—of a direct act of Congress on this
subject. He very much preferred to authorize the
municipal authorities of the District to control this
question. If it was believed on the part of this
House, that they would not exercise the power,
he would be in favor of a law which would com-
pel its exercise. But, m his opinion, they would
exercise it. Why, the Representatives of the
southern States would affirm what he now said,
that a man who was a slave-dealer, who carried on
that traffic fur a livelihood, even m the midst of
slaveholders, never could, ;md never did acquire
that degree of respectability which belonged and
attached to men engage^ m the ordinary concerns
of life.
If that were so, he would ask. what reason was
there to suppose that the municipal authorities of
this District would not enforce the provisions of
law with which Congress might clothe them? He
was in favor of this proceeding, because he consid-
ered it more effective. Clothe the authorities of this
District with power to expel that trade. They ;
were here upon the spot. They had a police—they ,
had the judicial system necessary to curry out such ;
a law to its utmost provision.
But it was Ins desire that the language of the !
resolution should be perfected, because it was to
remain on the records of the country as a prece-
dent, and it would be resorted to any number of
years hence for the purpose of deciding precisely
what the opinion of the present House of Repre-
sentatives had been.
Upon this question a little history might not be
unimportant. It had been charged, in high places,
that ail these movements were but emanations from
the Abolitionists of the North. This was not true.
They were the ebullitions of the heart, based upon
I the strongest and purest principles of morality;
i and, for the purpose of showing what was the
| opinion of the House of Representatives in the year
i 1816, he proposed to state what were the views and
! action of John Randolph, of Viiginia, and how
j they had been sustained by the House of Repre-
; sentatives of that time.
| On the 1st of March, 1816, (says the National
I Intelligencer,) John Randolph "moved the sub-
joined resolution, the necessity of which, and
i of providing a remedy for a practice so heinous
1 and abominable, (making this District a depot for
j ihe slave trade of the neighboring States, and a
, medium for evading the laws m force, by collusive
• sales,) he impressed by a variety of remaiks; and-
: concluded by declaring that if the business was
declined by the House, he would undertake it
himself, and ferret out of their holes and corners
the villains who carried it on.
"Alter some opposition by Mr. "Wright, and
suppoit by Mr. Goldsborough, and being varied,
at the suggestion of Mr. Hopkmson, so as to refer
I' the subject to a select committee instead of the
j: Committee on the District, the resolution passed,
!j as follows:
'! On motion of Mr. Randolph,
'! ulles'jh'efl, Tuat aeoimuiUoe he appointed to inquheinto
I' t!ie existence of ;ui inhuman and illegal tiuIFic m >!aves,
!, eanu'd on in and tlirouyu the DifStnet or Columbia, and
repoit whether <in\ .uid what meat-iues arc neCv.ssaiy lor
! putting a stop to the .-awe.
:! ["Messrs. Randolph, Hopkinson, Goldsborough,
'! Alayrant, and Kerr, were appointed the said com*
j1 nuttee."]
■ j Now, (continued Mr. S.,) such was the resolu-
tj tion which emanated at that time from that dibtm-
• \ guished Virginian, enforced with all the power of
!j language for which he alone was "known to be re-
i markable. This proposition was not regarded as
I an insult to the institutions of the South. No such
]! insult was intended. It excited no unnecessary or
j| unusual alarm. It was but the manly beating of a
ij moral sensibility pervading the bosoms of ail civ-
ih^ed men,
II Uut there was another reason why he (Mr. S.)
i j should vote in favor of the adoption of the rcsolu-
;• tion, if it should be amended in the manner he had
]■ suggested. It was this: that the State of Maryland
at this day piohibitcd the tralHc in human slaves
i as merchandise, it was not, therefore, depriving
i the people of the Distuct of the right they would
' enjoy if they weie at this day citizens of the State
, ot Maryland. It did not aflect a light of theirs,
but it did that which the States of Maryland, Ken-
tucky, and probably many other States, did to pre-
j, vent citizens who did not, or who did, iet>ide within
the boundaries of the District, ft urn herding up
ij these individuals, like cattlc m me stall, and hold-
i1 mg them until an opportunity should present itself
h to sell them—a practice abhorrent to every pnn-
ij ciple of morality and justice.
i; He hoped that the House would indulge him
for icfenmg to the history of this question for a
few years past; not for the purpose, as he had before
j, stated, of censure or dictation, but for the purpose
|1 of stating facts, and drawing from them his own i
1 conclusions.
: It was worthy of remark, that during the present '
session of Congress not a single proposition on
; this subject had been made by any member on the i
Democratic side of the House. Gentlemen from
. the North, occupying seats on this floor, had :
silently cast their votes, and, with one or two ex- '
! ceptions, had done no more. It was also worthy
of i em ark, that from the time this question uas ,
agitated, the Democratic party of this House ■
,! with the South, and, by the adoption of a :
;l rule commonly known as the 21^1 rule, prohibited 1
; the introduction of petitions into it—an act which ■'
was carrying uut the wishes and opinions of gen-
tlemen ot the bouth, and, in his jud^metit, carrying ',
out a grave error. By doing so, they gave food to 1
t the fanatics of tne North on the abstract question [1
! of the ris'ht of petition; whereas, if they had per-
; raitted one of the late distinguished members on
I that floor—the "old man eloquent"—to have
; drawn up a report against the propriety of those
! petitions, it would have silenced every source of
j agitation; whilst, by adopting the other course,
j the result was to make that gentleman the cham-
i pion of the right of petition.
1 It is true, that at a subsequent period that posi-
' tion was abandoned before the irresistible force of
! public opinion; but it was abandoned too late,
j While the Democratic party in this nation had, at
1 all times and under ail cacumstances, shown a
' strong disposition to go even to the outside of
! every rule of propriety to pacify this agitation,
1 how had the South responded to their action?
; While the States of Florida and Texas had been
: brought into the Union, as they were found, as
slaveholding communities—notwithstanding that
| two distinguished Secretaries of State had urged
as a reason, the desire to perpetuate all and
, render permanent the institution of slavery m
| the South, the Democracy of the North overlooked
! the folly of that reasoning, and marched boldly up
\ to the accomplishment of an object so desirable
1 in itself: thus bringing into the Union these two
I States, with three Representatives and four Sena-
i tors m Congress; and yet, at the last Presidential
| election, the aggregate vote of both these States
f was less by about five thousand than that of the
' district he had the honor to represent. As a con-
i sequence of that action, ultimately, we had new
\ territories brought within the jurisdiction of this
j Union.
! Now, he begged leave to state his position on
j this subject, in doing so, he did not assume to
| state what th£ position of the North was; but he
; could state what he believed it to be—and that was,
: a fixed and unalterable determination to preserve
; the territories of the United States, so far as related
: to the institution of slavery, m the same condition
; m which we received them. If they were slave-
■ holding territories at the time they came into the
Union, as in the case of Florida, Louisiana, and
| Texas, let them remain so. If non-slaveholding,
j as in the case of New Mexico and California, let
i them remain so. This was the public sentiment
! of the North, and this was the extent of that senti-
ment. And he regretted from his heart that the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Gott] had moved
: this resolution, or that any other resolution should
' be offered in relation to slavery m the District of
Columbia; because, so far as this subject was
agitated in any other form, to that extent the great
question itself would be injured.
But he would ask, how had tfns sentiment on the
part of the Democratic party of the North been
responded to? The returns of the late elections
showed that twelve southern States (excluding in
ji this computation the State of South Carolina, which
II elected by^her Legislature, and excluding, also,
j| Tlorida and Texas, which m ld44 were not admit-
ji ted into the Union) had increased their aggregate
vote something less than twenty-four thousand,
i Geneiai Cass had not received in these twelve
1 States as many votes by neaily fifteen thousand as
Mr. Polk received in 1844; while Geneial Taylor
! in the same States had received about ninety-three
! thousand votes more than Mr. Clay. Was this be-
( cause the South was not satisfied with the candidate
] whom the Democratic party had selected? They
had on this floor avowed otherwise. The same
, avowal had been repeated throughout the southern
■ States. The candidate of the Whig party was a
; southern man—a man born and educated in the
i South—associated with its peculiar institutions;
; and that reason, and that alone, overrode every
; other consideration.
; *tiS true that the Whigs of the South had sup-
, ported, for the second ofnee in the Government, a
J gentleman who had declared him&clf openly in
favor of the abolition of slavery in the District of
Columbia; and in a piivatc letter written by him,
but which was undoubtedly intended tor publica-
1 lion, they had i ecu veil the flattering distinction of
being a glorious set ot fellows. The Whigs of the
North w];o had supported General Taylor for the
Presidency were certainly entitled to the appella-
tion of heing a most glorious set of fellows.
With what propnety, then, were they of the
North, upon such a question as thi.s, depuved, by
the votes of^gentlemen from the South who were
opposed to that measure, of the right of uttering
their sentiments, by culls for the previous question,
