1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
109
member of the committee would say—that, accord-
ing to the present mode of travel, he did not think
the law was coriect. It had been altered three or
four times, and made to conform to the suggestion
which he supposed the gentleman from New York
intended to make; that was to say, that the com-
putation should be made by the mail route, in-
stead of the usually-traveled route. Inquiry was
made of the member, what was the usually-trav-
eled route; and that route was ascertained in the
best way it could be. The committee had been
very careful not to allow any member more than
he was by law entitled to receive. But he would
state, that the list of mileage published in the Tri-
bune (whether by the editor or correspondent he
knew not, for, as he had said, he had not seen the
article) was not made by the members of this
House, but by the committee under a solemn con-
viction of their duty—that by lav/ they were com-
pelled to make it what they did. He knew that
there were great inequalities in it.
At this part of Mr. H.'s remarks, a message in
writing was received from the President of the
United States, by the hands of J. Knox Walker,
Esq., his piivale secretary.
Mr. HENLEY continued. He might, he said,
make many explanations which would thiow light
on the subject, but he did not wish to be tedious.
He might, however, as an example, take the State
of Ohio. It was peculiarly situated. Thcie were
several gentlemen residing upon the lakes; the
usually-traveled route for them was by way of the
Jakes—a long and circuitous route: so that it might
happen, and had happened, that gentlemen resi-
ding not fifty miles apart—the one traveling by
way of the lake and the other through the interior
—were, by law, entitled to mileage differing in
amount several hundred dollars. All general laws
must be the subject-matter of such inequalities.
Mr. LAHM asked Mr. H. to yield the floor for
a moment, to allow him (Mr. L.) to make a state-
ment.
The floor having been yielded under the same
assent as in the case of Mr. Gentry—
Mr. LAHM said the statement he desired to
make was this: He resided near the Ohio canal,
sixty miles south of Cleveland, and his colleague
on the other side of the House [Mr. Duncan] re-
sided on the same canal, some fifty or sixty miles
further south; and he knew of no route by which
that gentleman could get to the lake, without going
either through or west of his (Mr. L.'s) district.
Yet that gentleman, residing so much further away
from the hike, was allowed mileage by the lake,
and got $796, when he (Mr. L.) resided near the
lake, and got but $375. He would therefore like
to know by what process of calculation the com-
mittee arrived at this conclusion.
Mr. HENLEY resumed. He did not (he said)
understand anything of the state of the case put by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Laiim.] It was
nothis business to explain particular cases. He had
been explaining the general law and its general op-
eration. He had said that it sometimes happened
that individuals living some fifty miles apart, the
one traveling by way of the lake, and the other
through the interior, were, by the existing law,
entitled to mileage differing in amount several hun-
dred dollars. Such, also, was the case with those
■who lived further west. The usually traveled
route was by the rivers, a much greater distance
than by the mad routes. He might specify a large
number of cases of a similar character, but he
would not detain the House with them.
If the gentleman from New York [Mr. Greeley]
aimed at reforming the law, he (Mr. H.) did not
object to it. His efforts might be well. But if he
meant to say that any member of this House had
been guilty of an attempt to defraud the public
treasury, by taking more for his mileage than the
law allowed, he (Mr. H ) felt it to be his duty,
whatever the effect might be upon himself, to state
that this list of mileage had been made out by a
committee of which he was a member. The prin-
ciple, he believed, had not been changed by this
Congress, and he, for one, felt himself responsible to
Ihe country for the list, and he felt called upon to
say, in justice to gentlemen on this floor, that it was
no fault of theirs if this list was wrong, unless there
mi°"ht be some small errors here and there. If it
was wrong, it was the fault of the committee, for
it had been made out by them without reference
«sto the charges of gentlemen. He did not justify
the law, but he did justify those gentlemen who
received, not what they charged, but what the
committee said they were entitled to charge. It
was due to truth and to justice to say this much,
and if the whole responsibility was to rest upon
himself, he should still feel bound to say what he
had said in reply to what he understood to be an
imputation upon the members of this House, if
the object of the article was to show that the law
needed amendment, he did not object to it; on the
contrary, he was in favor of restricting the mileage
to the distance by the mail routes in all cases. He
had so voted at every Congiess of which he had
been a member, and he would again vote for that
or any other proposition calculated to make the
law moie equal in Us operation.
Mr. TURNER resumed the floor.
Mr. McLANE rose to a point of order. It was
this: the question which had been piopounded to
the House by the Chair was, whether the gentle- '
man from Ohio [Mr. Sawyer] rose to a question
of privilege. He (Mr. MeL.) understood the
Chair to submit that question to the House, and
son, Robert A. Thompson, Tompkins, Tuck, Turner, Yen-
able, Wallace, Warren, Went worth, Wick, Williams, and
Wiltnot—85.
NAYb—Messrs. Abbott, Adams, Ashmun, Barringer,
Biackmar, Boyd, Boydon, Albert G. Brown, Buekner, But-
Jer, Cathcarr, Chngman, Cooke, Coiiamer, Conger, Cran-
ston, Crowell, Crozier, Dixon, Dunn, Edwards; Embrte,
Nathan Evans, Faran, Farrelly, Flournoy, Gaines, Gentry,
Gott, GnnmMl, Hale, Nathan K. Hall, James G. Hampton,
Hill, Elias B. Holmes, John W. Hou-ton, Hunt, Cliailes J.
IngersoU, Joseph R. Ingersoll, James H. Johnson, John W.
Jones, Daniel P. Kmc, Lincoln, McClelland, McLane,
Marsh, Marvin, Morehead, Mulhn, Peck, Pollock, Preston,
Putnam, Richardson, Robmson, Julius Rockwell, John A.
Rockwell, Roman, Itumsev, St. John, Scherick, Silvester,
Smart, Caleb B. Smith, Tiumari Smith, Stephens, Strong,
Tayloj, Riehdui W. Thompson, John B. Thompson,Thurs-
t)ii, Toombs, Van D>ke, Vinton, White, and Wilson—76.
So the House decided that the question raised by
Mr. Turner should be entertained as a question
of privilege.
Mr. TURNER expressed his acknowledgments
to the House for sustaining his question of privi-
lege, and said he considered it a matter of consid-
, erable moment when an individual was charged
ask its decision upon it; and that the House de- peculation of any kind, whether the charge
cided that the question was one of privilege. The
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Turner] now had
the floor, and the decision of the House upon the
question raised by the gentleman from Ohio was
not a decision upon the question to which the gen-
tleman from Illinois had risen. He (Mr. McL.)
nictde the point of oider, thai the gentleman trom
Illinois was out of oidei—that this was no ques-
tion of privilege.
The SPEAKER'S reply was not heard: some
conversation followed; ntier which—
The SPEAKER was understood to say, the
Chair would not decide the question raised oy the
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. McLane.] The
Speaker never had decided what was privilege in
this House. The gentleman could raise the point
of order, and the Chair would put it to the House.
Mr. HENLEY submitted that the gentleman's
point of otdei Ccune too late.
Mr. McLANE submitted that it was no ques-
tion of privilege when any member rose to say, or
to insinuate, that any article in a newspaper had
been written by a member of this House.
The SPEAKER said that the House had de-
cided otherwise m the case of the member from
Ohio, [Mr. Sawyer.]
A brief conversation followed.
Mr. McLANE gave notice of his intention to
arrest this discussion if he could; and he called
upon the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Turner]
to state wh<tt the question of privilege was.
Mr. TURNER said that he was about to say
something upon a charge of fraud upon this House
and nation, which had been made against him in
a public journal.
The SPEAKER made the statement to the
House,and said thatthequestion would be, whether
the House would entertain this as a question of
privilege?
And the question being taken, the affirmative
vote stood 74; and when the negative vote was
counted, it appeared that a quorum had not voted.
Mr. TOOMBS, in the interim between the an-
nunciation of the affirmative vote and the counting
of the negative vote, had demanded the yeas and
nays.
was intended to injure him at the time or at some
subsequent time, to be allowed an opportunity of
exculpating himself.
He now wished to call the attention of the House
^ particularly to these charges made by the editor
! of the New \ ork Tribune, most, if not all of which
charges he intended to show were absolutely false;
^and that the individual who had made them had
j either been actuated by the low, groveling, base,
; and malignant desire to represent the Congress of
I the nation in a false and unenviable light before
i the country and the world, or that he had been
, actuated by motives still more base—by the desire
i of acquiring an ephemeral notoriety, by blazoning
j forth to the world what the writer attempted to
j show was fraud. The whole article abounded in
j gross errors and willfully false statements, and was
i evidently prompted by motives as base, unprin-
j cipled, and corrupt as ever actuated an individual
in wielding his pen for the public press. He would
! read one extract from the editorial article intro-
i ductory to the list of the members who appeared
to be shown up:
' " Let no man jump at the conclusion that this excess has
i been charged and received contrary to law. The tact is
i otheiwise. The members are all honorable men—if any
i irreverent infidel should doubt it, we can eilence him by re
I forrnijr to the prefix to their names in the newspapers—and
( we presume each has charged just what the law allows him.'
Could any man (asked Mr. T.) mistake the
i character of an article which set out with language
like that?
He was speaking of the editor of the Tribune—
it made no matter who that man was—whether the
people had elected him by their suffrages to take a
seat on this floor, or whether he was an individual
sitting behind a desk in the city of New York. He
should speak of the publication and of its author
with the same freedom, whatever position he might
occupy. He had only to say, that when that arti-
cle was penned, the individual who wrote it was
either ignorant, grossly ignorant, of the facts of
which it treated, or willfully, corruptly lied from
beginning to end. He had charged him (Mr. T.)
with an overcharge of mileage to the amount of
$993; and the article stated that he (Mr. T.)
resided, by the most direct route, eight hundred
In making this demand, he said: this matter is I; miles from Washington. Now, it was known
just simply ridiculous; that is all.
The yeas and nays were then ordered. j
The call of the roll having been commenced— j
Mr. COLLAMER rose to iriqune of the Speak- !
er, what was the question upon which the House !
was to vote ? ,
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL submitted that the in- j
quiiy came too late, a member having already
answered to his name.
The SPEAKER restated the question.
And the roll having been called through, the
vote resulted—yeas 85, nays 76—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Barrow. Baviy, Bedmger, flmgnain, Bo-
cock, Buwhn, Brady, Bridges, William C. Biown, Charles
to every gentleman on this floor that he resided
in the extreme Northwest; that until Iowa and
Wisconsin were admitted, his district was the ex-
treme northwestern corner of the Union; and that
by an air line, it was over eight hundred miles
from Washington. He said further, that there
was not a merchant, not an individual, who trav-
eled by public conveyance from his part of the
country to Washington, Baltimore, Philadelphia,
or New York, that could come by any different
route, unless he took his knapsack on his back
and swam rivers and waded marshes, to come by
an air line, and then it would fall little, if any,
short of a thousand miles. But there was no
public conveyance, no stage-coaches, no railroa Is
Bh
L.
Dick
Fisher, French, Filed, Fulton, Uug^iu, ureen, o-ieeiey, ; ernment without traveling
Willard P. Hall, Hammons, ^'Jrinat1' V'f,' ij miles. Perhaps the gentleman (he begged pardon)
Geuige S. Houston, Hubbard, Hudson, ln^e, Irvin, Iveraon, ,  i nak.ulne, .i® ,i • +i i
Jameson, Andrew Johnson, Ueorse \V. June*, Kaufman, il or rather the individual, perhaps the thing, that
Kenaon, Lahm, La Sdre, Sidney Lawrence, McCiemand, <; penned that article was not aware that his (Mr.
McDowell, Job Mann, lioiaee Matin, Miller, Morns, Moise, ij T.'s) oortion of the country was not cut up by
Newell, Patfrevy Peaslee, Petrie, Punt, Pe)ton, luehej, i •  ' j hoveled bv stao-p-ro^rheq and r ih/r
itoekinii, ito-.e, dawver, Sneppeni, Robert Smith, Sfanton, \ railroads and tiaveiea oy sta^e coacnes ana other
Starkweather, Chaiies D. Stuait, Thomas, Ja.nes Thomp- jj direct means of public conveyance, like the omni-
