112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec 28.
The question was then taken on the third reso-
lution, and it was rejected.
Whereupon, the House adjourned.
SELECT COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER announced the following:
Relative to draining and reclaiming the swamps
and submerged lands in the States of Missouri and
Aikansas, vizi
Mr. Bowlm, Mr. Jacob Thompson,
Mr. Garnett Duncan, Mr. Bridges.
Mr. Rose,
On revising the Penitentiary laws of the Distric
of Columbia, viz:
Mr. Horace Mann, Mr. Crisfield,
Mr. Boydon, Mr. Thomas,
Mr. Meade, Mr. Embree,
Mr. Tallmadge, Mr. Lahm.
Mr. James Thompson,
On erecting a marble column at York, Virginia,
in commemoration of the surrender of Earl Corn*
wallis to his Excellency General George Washing-
ton, viz:
Mr. Goggin,
Mr. Belcher,
Mr. Peaslee,
Mr. Peck,
Mr. Abbott,
Mr. Cranston,
Mr. Dixon,
Mr. Starkweather,
Mr. Van Dyke,
Mr. Wilmot,
Mr. J. W. Houston,
Mr. Ligon,
Mr. Donneil,
Mr Simpson,
Mr. John W. Jones,
Mr. Ililliard,
In reference to railroad or canal across the
Isthmus of Panama:
Mr. John A. Rockwell, Mr. Alex. Evans,
Mr. R. W.Thompson, Mr. Green,
Mr. Robert Smith, Mr. Tompkins,
Mr. Hale, Mr.Lynde.
Mr. Strong,
Mr. Featherston,
Mr. La Sere,
Mr. Faian,
Mr. Daniel Duncan,
Mr. Buckner,
Mr. Crozier,
Mr. Dunn,
Mr. Lincoln,
Mr. Phelps,
Mr. R. W. Johnson,
Mr. C. E. Stuart,
Mr. Cabell,
Mr. Kaufman,
Mr. Wm. Thompson,
Mr. Darling.
IN SENATE.
^Thursday, December 28, 1848.
Mr. Hannegan appeared in his seat.
Mr. DOWNS presented the petition of the rep-
__ resentative of J. W. Mason, deceased, praying tor
a right of preemption; which was referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. D. also presented the petition of Jacob Wil-
cox, praying the repayment of money advanced to
the late Republic of lexas; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, presented the pe-
tition of N. B. Hill, praying compensation for the
use of a steamboat in transporting United Slates
troops during the Seminole war; which^was re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, the
petition of Alexander Murdoch was taken from
the files, and referred to the Committee on Finance.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland,
the petition of Henry P. McBlairwas taken from
the tiles, and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. CLAYTON presented the petition of Wil-
liam D. and Julia Achen, representatives of William
Yool, deceased, a master's mate in the navy, pray-
ing for a pension; winch was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. CLAYTON, the petition of
John A. Rogers was taken from the files of the
Senate, and referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. WESTCOTT, the petition of
David L. White was taken from the files of the
Senate, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on Private
Lmd Claims, made a favorable repoit on the peti-
tion of John Holden; which was ordered to be
jjrinted.
Mr. NILES, from the Committee on the Post
O ace and Post Roads, to^which was referred the
bill for the reduction of the rates of postage re-
ported the same with various amendments; which
were ordered to be printed.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. BREESE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military AfFans be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of so amending the
act entitled " An act to raise for a limited time an additional
nulitaiy foice, arid tor other purposes," approved Febiuary
11, 1847, as to extend the provisions of the ninth section
thereof to thf  devisees ot defeased soldiers.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
RcsolreiU That the President be requested to cause the
Senate to be informed of the number of\es<els annually
employed in tlje co^t auivey, and the annual ro^t thereof,
; id out of what fund they were paid; also, the number ot
persons annually employed rn iht- said survey who were not
of the army or navy ot the United States; al&o, the amount
of money r« eeivcd by the Umtod States for maps and chaits
made under such survey, and sold under the act ol 1844.
STEAMBOAT COMPANY.
The bill in addition to an act entitled " An act
to incorporate the Washington, Alexandria, and
Georgetown Steamboat Company, was taken up;
and,
The question being on the passage of the bill—
Mr. LiENTON said that he had, since yester-
day, examined the old law, and found that it con-
feried no privilege on any one. It authorized
nothing to be done in any State.
Mr. ALLEN asked for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill; and they were ordered.
The question was then taken, and decided as
follows:
\ EAS—Messrs. Atchison,Badger,Baldwin, Bel!, Benton,
Biadbury, Clarke, Clayton, Corn in, Davis of MiV^achusetts,
L)i\, Uodije ot Wiscoiis-iu, Doughis, Fit/.-rerald, Fitzpsurick,
Hamlin, Hou-ton, Johnson of iVIland, Johnson of Lou-
isiana, Metealie, Niles>, Phelps, Rusk,Stuigeon, Underwood,
and Upham— 2t>.
NAYS—jYJes-r-. Alien, Atherton, Breese, Bright, Davis of
Mississippi, Dickinson, Downs, Fehh, Hale, Johnson of
Georgia, King, Sebastian, Turney, Walkei, and Westeou
—15.
The bill was then passed.
ELECTORAL VOTE MESSENGERS.
Mr. BRIGHT, pursuant to notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a joint resolution rela-
ting to the compensation of persons bearing the
votes for President and Vice President of the Uni-
ted States.
The bill having been read a first and second
time—
Mr. BRIGHT moved that the Senate now con-
sider the joint resolution at this time; and the[mo-
tion having been agreed to—
Mr. BRIGHT stated that previous to last year \
these messengers had been entitled by law to 25 j
cents per mile. At the last session, a clause had |
found its way into the. general appropriation bill |
reducing the rate of mileage to 12| cents. The j
change of the law was out of place in an appro- i
priation bill; and he presumed it was an oversight
on the part of the Senate. Even 25 cents was less
than the service was worth. No gentleman could
leave his business and travel to Washington for
this small compensation. It was a blow at re-
Uenchment out of place, and on a petty scale.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, expressed his
belief that if the clause had met the attention of
any Senator, it would not have been inserted. He
hoped the bill would be passed.
Mr. BREESE said he thought it wrong to
change a law in this informal manner. The pay
of twenty five cents per mile had been the pay
from the commencement of the Government.
The joint resolution was then considered as in
Committee of the Whole, and was then read a
third time and passed.
THE PILOT ACT.
The bill to repeal the act of 2d March, 1837, en-
titled "An act concerning pilots," was taken up;
and, on motion of Mr. DiX, was passed over.
SAGINAW INDIAN LANDS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re- ;
sumed the consideration of the bill to provide for !
the sale of the lands purchased by the United
States of the Saginaw tribe of Chickasaw Indians. !
Mr. KING remaiked, that his main objection i
to the bill was because of its making provision for i
the payment of the claims of these individuals out i
of the public treasury. He thought they should I
be reimbursed from the proceeds arising from the '
sale of the lands.
Mr. FELCH. The committee reporting this
bill (the Committee on Indian Affairs) reported
also the public bill to which the honorable Senator
[Mr. King] has referred, but which was a separate
and distinct matter. The honorable Senator [Mr.
Downs] who reported the bill stated, when the
matter was under discussion the other day, that
the committee were unanimous in reporting the
bill providing for the reduction of the Saginaw
lands to the minimum price of Government lands,
but that they were not unanimous in regard to this
bill for private claims. This claim is one of a
large number mentioned in the schedule annexed
to the treaty, amounting in the aggregate to
$12,000 If this claim shall be allowed, it will
stand as a precedent in the settlement of other
claims mentioned m the same class in the treaty.
It becomes, therefore, a question of some impcrt-
! ance to determine the rights of the parties intei-
| ested in these treaties. I desire to call the attention
: of the Senate to a brief consideration of these trea-
, ties, as far as this question is involved. There are
i four of these treaties in all, but it will only be
I necessary to refer to the first two of them,
j According to the provisions of the first of these
! treaties, which was made on the 14th of January,
i 1837, these Chippewa Indians conveyed to the
| Government of the United States one hundred and
! two thousand four hundred acres of land, and the
i Government, among other things, assumed, as a
I consideiation for this cession, the payment of cer-
i tain debts incurred by these Indians. The cession
! of these lands was an absolute, unqualified con-
! veyance; and by the terms of this treaty, it seems
! to me that the United States undertook, absolutely
! and without qualification, the payment of these
| claims. Senators will understand, that under this
j first treaty, the total amount specified to be paid,
| in the fourth article of the treaty, is §128,743 75.
i This sum, within a small fraction, would be equiv-
j alent to an allowance of one dollar and twenty-five
i cents, the regular Government price, per acre, for
these lands. Now, the fourth article of this treaty
provides for the payment of nine classes of claim-
ants. But there is a distinction made between
these several classes. While a certain portion of
them were to be paid immediately, another portion
were to await the sale of the lands, and were to be
paid out of their proceeds. This of Mr. Garrison,
together with a portion of the other classes pro-
vided for in the fourth article of the treaty, stand
on an entirely different basis. By the fifth article
of the treaty, the United States were to advaice
the amount prescribed in the preceding article, for
the purchase of goods and piovisions; and also
enumerates the classes of cases mentioned in the
ninth article, which the Government thereby stip-
ulated to pay as soon as practicable. It is evident
that a distinction is made in these nine classes,
because in enumerating them, six only are partic-
ularized. Nine classes of cases were to be paid;
but m the fifth article, the United States assumed
the immediate payment of only six out of the nine.
It was contended the other day, that because the
Government were obliged to keep an account of
the proceeds of the sales of these lands, theiefore
the payment of the whole amount of these claims
was to be suspended until the proceeds of the sales
should be all received, and to be paid only out of
those proceeds.
But it will be seen, upon looking at this article
, of the treaty, that such was not the intention.
| While the Government was authorized to sell the
i land, the price was not fixed upon. The lands
were to be sold as other public lands, being first
exposed at public sale to the highest'bidder; and
if they brought a higher price, the surplus was to
belong to the Indians: and hence the necessity for
keeping an account of the sales on the part of the
Government. So with regard to the two classes
of unsettled claims mentioned in the fourth article
—claims for Indian depredations and unliquidated
debts—which were not to be paid until their
amounts should be severally ascertained; and even
then they were not to be paid without the consent
of the Indians. Now, suppose the Indians had
refused to allow this class of claims, and the land
had been sold by the Government, there would
have been fifty thousand dollars which the Gov-
ernment would have been compelled to pay to the
Indians. The position whicii seems to me to be
the correct one is this: that under this first tieaty
the class of cases mentioned here is assumed to
be paid by the United States; forjt is there stipu-
