m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 28," -
MILEAGE OF MEMBERS.
. Mr. GAYLE said he rose to a question of privi-
lege. He bail read in the morning papers a discus-
sion, which occured yesterday, in relation to a state-
ment contained in the New York Tribune, of the
excess of mileage pay received at the last session
by the members of this House. "He-was confined
to his room by indisposition, and regretted that he
could not be present during the discussion. The
statement in_th« Tribune was -well calculated to j..
furnish 'demagogues with a weapon to injure the
mem'hers of this House. . •
In relation, to himself, he found that the Tribune
had put him c|pwn as receiving §188 more than his
proper mileage would justify.
tie begged leave to state to the House that hs
had never made an inquiry of any person on the
subject. He did not know, at this moment, how
much he had received for mileage ntjhe last ses-
sion. It was occasionally drawn in small sums.
He was at one time informed by the Sergeant-at-
arms, that he had placed his (Mr. G.'s) mileage
as it stood with his predecessor. Without further
inquiry, he rested satisfied that this was right.
Since his attention had been called to the subject,
he was satisfied that his mileage, pay was too small,
and he should apply to the committee to'increase it.
APPROPRIATION BIIA9.
Mr. VINTON, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported bills of the following titles,
v'z: ✓
A bill (No. —) making appropriations for the
civil and diplomatic expenses ,of the Government
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1850, and for
Other purposes;
A bill (No. —) making appropriations for the .
current and contingent expenses of the Indian De- j
partmcnt, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with [
the various Indian tribes, for the year ending June !
30, 1850. _ * i
Mr. VINTON said it was very important that j
these bills should be got through with, certainly !
in the course of the month of January, so that j
the Senate might have an opportunity to review j
all the estimates, &c. It would be recollected that
all the labors of the CoramiKee-of Ways and
Means of this House most necessarily undergo !
the review of the Senate, and it was a work which
occupied a good deal of time. He was exceed-
ingly desirous that the appropriation bills should
be passed through the House in all January, so
that the Senate might have at least the month of
February to act upon them. Ho would therefore
move to make these two bills the special order of
the day for this day week, so to continue until
they.sliould be finally disposed of.
The Sl'EAifliR said it could be done only by
unanimous consent.
Mr. (iOGGUN' suggested that the post office bill
had been made the special order of the dfty for
Wednesday next, and he desired to inquire of the
srr4kf.li whether, if that bill should not be dis-
posed of on that day, it would go over, to make
way for the bills leported by the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Vivton|?
The SPEAKER was understood to say, that,
all bilfs made special orders would retain their
places at the head of the calendar, except as against
bills of >L:('nei\il appropriation.
Mr. GOGrGiN. The post ofSce bill would then
go over.
After a brief conversation—
Mr. GOGGIN requested the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Vivton] to withdraw his motion, oi'io
modify it, so Jts not to interfere with the post office
bill. _ "
Mr. VINTON said he had no disposition to
interfere with the action of the House on that bill.
Hc-v.-ns anxious that it should be acted upon. If
it should not be disposed of on the day for which
it had been made the special order, he should not
be inclined to press his bills until that had been
disposed nf.
• And the question being on making the said bills
the special ordri'—
Mr. POLLOCK asked the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. VimtonJ so to modify his motion as to ex-
cept Fridays and Saturdays, (being priyate bill
days.)
Mr. VINTON said he had no objection to do
so, and he modified his motion accordingly. ,
The^uestion was then taken, and decided in the
affirmative.
So the said bills were made the special order of
the day for this day week, .end for each succeeding
day (Fridays and Saturdays excepted) until finally
disgpsed of. r
colonel Fremont's report.
Mr. BROWN, of Pennsylvania, called up the
motion heretofore made by him, to reconsider the
vote by which the following resolution had been
adopted:
Resolved, That the report of Lieutenant Emory, with the
accompanying maps, be bound m one volume; and that the
repo+ts of Lieutenant Abert, of Lieutenant Cook,, and Cap-
tain John&on, together with a like number of the last-report
of Lieutenant Colonel .Fremont, with the accompan>mg
maps, ordered by the Senate, be bound together in one vol-
ume also; and the Committee on Accounts be, and they are
hereby, authorized and instructed to contract for the binding
of the same. ,
Mr. BROWN explained that his object was, that I
the vote should be reconsidered, in order that the '
resolution-might be referred back to the Commit-
tee on Printing.
The question was then taken, and decided in the
affirmative.
So the vote was reconsidered; and, .
On motion of Mr. BROWN, the resolution was
referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported the following resolution;
which was'read and agreell to:
RexolocJ, That a communication made to the Committee
of Ways and Means fioni the Secretary of War, relative to
the settlement 01 the accounts of Captain M. M. Clarke,
with the accompanying papeis, be referred to the Judiciary
Committor.
reports of committee on public lands.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported a bill to grant the right of way
across the public lands, and to dispose of said j
lands in aid of the several States in the construc- -
tion of railroads and canals; which was read twice, 1
and commuted to the Whole House on the state of
the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the same committee,
to which was referred the bill granting lands to
certain States therein named, to aid them in the
construction of roads and canals, and the improve-
; ment of their rivers, reported the same back to the
| House without amendment.
I [The first section provides, that there shall be
1 granted to each of the States of Michigan, Wis-
' consin, Illinois, Iowa, Missouri, Arkansas, Lou-
| isiana, Alabama, and Florida, for the purpose of
j aiding said States respectively in'making roads,
: canals, ami in improving the navigation of rivers
within their respective limits, a quantity of public
' land equal in amount to the several grants made
by Congress to the State of Ohio; the lands to be
selected by each of said States, under the author-
ity and by direction of the Governor thereof, from
■ any lands belonging to the United States, subject
to private entry at the minimum price, in quanti-
i ties of not less than one section; the lands to be
selected within two years from the passage* of the
; act, and the selection to be reported to the register
' of the land district in which the'land lies; the
selection to be confirmed by the Secretary of the
' Treasury.
j The second section provides, that any land here-
1 tofore granted to either of the above named States
! to aid such State yi the construction of roads, ca-
1 rials, and the improvement of rivers, whether $ppro*
I printed to that purpose or by consent of Congress
i appropriated to any other use, shall be deemed as
■ a part of the grant made to said State by preceding
j secMontand such State shall select, by virtue of
. this act, such a quantity of iand only as will, with
i lands heretofore granted, amount in quantity to
J the lands granted to the State of Ohio.
The third section provides, that the lands granted
shall be subject to be disposed of by the Legisla-
tures of the said Slates, for the purposes before
mentioned, and fol* no oilier use whatever, at a
price not less than the-minimum price of the pub-
lic lands subject to private entry; and that the said
St'ites shall have power to grant titles in fee sim-
ple to purchasers of said lands.]
Mr. COLLAMER, under the instructions of the
Committee on Public Lands, moved to lay the bill
on fhe table.
Mr. WENT WORTH called for the reading of
the bill; which was read.
He inquired if the bill had ever been printed; 1
and receiving a negative reply, appealed to the ]
gentleman from Vermont [Mi*. Collambb] to with- '
draw the motion to lay od the table, let the bill be
printed, and referred to the Committee of the '
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. COLLAMER insisted upon the motion.
Mr. McCLELLAND desired to ask the Chair-
man of the Committee on Public Lands, who in-
troduced that bill ?
Ml*. COLLAMER. The gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Vinton.]
Mr. VINTON said, he had introduced the bill.
It was a bill simply proposing to give to the new
States of the Union the same quantities of land
which h$d been given to Ohio. It did not propose
to give the State of Ohio anything. He was not
anxious about the disposition of the bill, although,
he should be glad to have it go*to the Committee-
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and not be
laid on the table.
Mr. McCLERNAND suggested vto the chair-
man-of the Committee on Public Lands, that the
bill be allowed to be printed, and laid on the table
informally.
Mr. COLLAMER inquired, in case debate
arose, if the bill did not lie over?
The SPEAKER replied, that the motion to lay
on the tabje was not a debatable question.
Mr. COLLAMER said, he did not know but
debate would be allowed, as it was the report of a.
committee.
The SPEAKER stated, that if the committee
had simply reported a recommendation that the
bill be rejected, that motion would have been open
to debate. The motion to lay on the table, made
by the chairman of a committee, however, like
any other motion to lay on the table, was not de-
batable.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, inquired
of the chairman of the Committee on Public
Lands, [Mr. Coi.lamer,] or of the gentleman who
had introduced th*r bill, [Mr. Vinton,] whether
the States which were to be benefited had made
application for these lands ?
No reply to this interrogatory was heard.
The yeas and nays having been asked and or-
dered, the question was taken and decided in the
affirmative—yeas 93, nays 77—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Baviy, Blaekmar, Blanchard,
Brad*, Bridges, Brodhead, Wilham G. Brown, Burt, Butler,
Canby, Chase, Beverly L. Clarke, Clingman, Williamson
R. W. Cobb, Cocke. Collamer, Conger, Cranston, Crozier,
Cummins, Dickey, Dickinson, Dixon, Duer, Gainett Dun-'
ran, Alexander Evan«, Farrelly, Flournoy, French, Fries,
1 Fulton, Gentry, Goggjn, Greeley, Hale, James G Hampton,
! Henry, Hill, kaae E. Holmes, John W. Houston, Hudson,
I Joseph R. Ingersoll, Andrew Johnson. James H. Johnson,
! George W. Jones*,v John W. Jones, Kellogg, Keimon, T.
| ButlerIving, Daniel P. King, Sidney Lawi enee, Lord,Lump-
! kin, McDowell, Job Mann, Marsh, Marvin, Morehead,
; Mnllin, Murphy, Newell, Peaslee. Peck, Penie, Peyton,
, Pollock, Pieaton, Putnam, Julius Rockwell, Roman, Rum-
. sey,St. John, Shepperd, Silvester, Simpson, Smart, Truman
' Smith, Stanton, Starkweather, Stephens, Strong, Thoma«,
! Jame* Thompson, John B. Thompson, Thurston, Turk,
| Van Dyke, Venable, Wallace, Wiley, Williams, and Wood-
[ waul—93.
NAYS—Met-sis. Abbott, Barringer, Bingham, BowHn,
I Boyd. Albert G. Brown, Cabell, Cnthcart, Darling, Dunn,
Emhree. Nathan Evans, Faran, Feathcrston, Ficklin, Gott,
, Grc-rn, Grmnell, Wilbml P. Hall, Nathan K. Hall. Plarman-
I son, Harris Henley, Ellas B. Hdmes, Geoige S. Hou*ton,"
Huhhaid, Hunt, Inge, Charles J. Jngereoll. Jameson, Kauf-
. man, Lahm, La S6re, Leffler, Lincoln, McClelland, Me-
Cleinand, McLane, Horace Mann. Miller, Morris, Morse,
Paitrey. Prttit, Phelps, Pilsbury, Richardson, Riehej, Rob-
inson, Rockhili, Rose, Root, Sawyer, Sehenek, Sbngerland,
CalrbB. Smith, Robert Smith, Charles E. Stuart, Tallmadge,
Trijlor, Tlnbodeaux, Richard W. Thompson. Tompkins,
Turner, Vinton, Warren, Wentworth, White, Wick, Wil-
wot, and Wilson—77.
So the bill was laid on the table.
i Mr. VINTON moved that the bid be printed.
' Agreed to.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, moved to reconsider
I the vote by which the bill had been laid on the
table; and, at his suggestion, the motion was in-
formally laid over.
, _ Mr. COLLAMER, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill m addition
to an act entitled "An act in relation to military
land warrants," approved August 14, 1848, re-
ported the same back to the House without amend-
1 ment.
Toe said bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and, being engVossed, was ac-
cotdingiy read a third time, and passed.
Ordered, That the.Cierk acquaint the Senate therewith.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, from the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, to whom was referred the
bill from the Senate entitled " An aet concerning
