1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
119
members of Congress who had heretofore received
them.
He learned further, that every resolution which
had been passed by this House for the.distributi/in
of these books contained a proviso against their
republication; that as to some of them, the origin-
al edition was about fifteen hundred copies, and
that upwards of fourteen hundred had been dis-
tributed by this House. There were several hun-
dred copies in the State Department, and conse-
quently the books could not be upon sale. There-
fore, if the amendment should be agreed to, and
these were to be purchased, he desired to have
another amendment adopted, providing that the
Clferk of the House should report how the order
had been executed.
With this view, he withdrew the amendment
he had offered, and moved to amend the amend- ,
ment so as to add a proviso, that the Clerk of the i j appropriation went into the general appropriation
templated by this amendment had gone into the
general appropriation bill, which, as a matter of
course, was a recognition by this House of duties
to be'discharged. The clerk in the office tff the
Sergeant-at-arms performed duties which were
known to all the members, as they all had to re-
sort there. This amendment proposed to put the
clerk on the same footing as clerks of committees;,
that was to say, it gave him a per diem, instead of
making him a permanent officer with a fixed sal-
ary- « .
At the last session of Congress a proposition had
been introduced to make him a permanent officer,
with a fixed .salary; but the Committee of Ways
and Means had refused their assent, on the ground
that there was no necessity for such an officer ex-
cept during the sessions of Congress. He was put
upon a footing with clerks of committees. The
House report from whom,and upon whatterms, the
books were purchased.
After a suggestion by Mr. HENLEY on a point
of order,
The question was taken, and the amendment to
the amendment was rejected.
' The question then recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Vinton, and it was decided in the affirma-
tive.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VINTON, after the above, moved to add
the following.
For copying abstracts from old sea journals for the " wind
and current charts," and for payment of duties on boo>s,
maps, charts, instruments imported for the use of the navy,
if-4,000. And from and after the: 30th of June next, all books,
map.', charts, mathematical instruments, philosophical ap-
paratus. and all other articles whatever imported for the use
of the United States, t-hall be imported free of duty, anything
in the act of July 30, 1846, entitled "An act reducing the duty,
on imports, and for other purposes,'' to the contrary notwith-
standing. « *
Mr. VINTON, in explanation, said it seemed
that the Government of (he United States imported
charts for naval purposes, which were made by j
the British, French, and other foreign governments. {
The Government of the United States had to pay j
duties on these charts, which increased the price
by the amount of the duty, and, in addition to
that, we paid a commission upon these very duties.
The object of the amendment was to enable these
charts to come in free of duty.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. VINTON, after the above, moved to add
the following; which was agreed to:
For salary of the Secretary to sign patents for public lands,
$1,500.
Mr. VINTON, after the above, moved to add
the following: ' *
To pay two messensers in the Pension Office, in addition
to those now employed, at the rate of <®400 each per annum,
tor the last two quaiters of the current fiscal year, §400.
Mr. VINTON said he held in his hand a letter
from the Secretary of War, covering a commu-
nication from the Commissioner of Pensions, in
which he stated the necessity of these messengers.
He stated, that for want of them he was obliged
constantly to employ clerks to do the business
which should be done by them. He made out a
very strong case—as to which the Committee of
Ways and'Means had no doubt; but if gentlemen
desired it, the letters of the Secretary of War and
of the Commissioner of Pensions could be read.
The amount of them was, that it was requisite to
take clerks, who were receiving regular salaries
from the Government for the performance of other
duties, from their appropriate labors, and employ
them instead of messengers.
The question was taken,
was agreed to.
Mr. VINTON moved to add the following; which
was agreed to:
For hirnialiin" sixteen rooms in the new building occupied
by the Pension Office, at an av^age of $100 per room, for
carpets, matting. dcsKs, tables, shelves, book-cates, chairs,
and other necessaiy articles, §1,600.
Mr. VINTON moved to'add at the end of the
item " For contingent expenses of the House of
Representatives, $50,000," the following:
Including the compensation of a clerk tortile Sergeant-at-
" arms, at the late ol §4 pel day dining the pre-eutsession.
Mr. VINTON said that he had in his posses-
f sion a communication from the Sergeant-at-arms.
The subject had been before the House at the last
session of Congress; and the same provision con-
bill for the last session, and the amendment con-
tained a provision for the present session.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, was understood
to inquire whether this was not the first Congress
at which a clerk had been proposed for the office
of the Sergeant-at-arms, and whether before the
last session that officer had not always conducted
the business of his ofiice without a clerk having
been allowed ?
Mr. VINTON said he would state, for the in-
formation of the gentleman from Mississippi, [Miv
for a dozen clerks, if necessary; but let not the
House thus, by a side wind, create new officers. .
The true doctrine was, to pay a man a fair salary,
and 'lethim discharge the duties of his office—-not
employ another man to do it for him. If the pres-
ent incumbent felt himself unable to perform its
duties, let him resign, and let his place be supplied
by another who could perform them; but so long
as he received the salary of the office, he should
do the duty of it.
Mr. ROOT desired to offer an amendment to the
amendment, so as to provide that no messenger
| shoulcL hereafter be employed in the office of the
| Sergeant-at-arms.
| He did not (he said) look upon this proposition
■ as a matter of any great importance, so far as the ,
! mere amount of money was concerned: but he did
; look upon it as a fair specimen of the manner in
i which the House was drawn into extraordinary "
I expenditures which no one understood, and which
' were always provided for without anybody's rec-
i ommendation, except that of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. R. alluded to the difficulty which had arisen
at the twenty-ninth Congress between the then
Sergeant-at-arms and his messenger, up to which
time (Mr. R. said) all had goneaiong well.
Mr. VINTON interposed and said, that'at the
last session of Congress a recommendation was
sent to the Committee of Ways and Means, signed
Brown,] that until the present Congress the duties |j by ajmjority of all the members of the House, in
of the office of the Sergeant-at-arms had been ais- j! favor of this clerk.
charged in the manner spoken of. He had a letter
in "his possession from the late Speaker of the
House, [Mr. J. W. Davis,] stating the necessity of
the employment of this clerk. The letter was ad-
dressed to a member from the State of Missouri.
It set forth the great necessity of the employment
of such an officer. He (Mr. V.) believed it was
a fact, that in consequence of the want of such an
officer, the late Speaker of the House had been
obliged to come on (as Mr. V. understood) from
the State of Indiana, to settle his accounts with
the Treasury Department; and that he had had
great trouble, for the want of some one to keep j,
the accounts. The moneys were drawn and dis- jj
bursed by the Speaker, and it was not possible j;
j for him to keep the accounts of every member, j
; It could not be done. That business was turned
I over to the Sergeant-at-arms. As a matter of jj
i courle, he employed a clerk. For many years |
! (Mr. V. was understood to say) there had been a ;
ji clerk; but how he had been paid he did not know, j
!; He would ask that the letter of ex-Sneaker j
I[ Davis might be read, and also the letter from the ■
:! Sergeant-at-arms. They were very short. He re- j
peated that, after some discussion, the same appro- j
priation had been inserted in the general appropri- j
ation bill of last year. I
The letter of Nathan Sargent, Esq., Sergeant- j
at-arms, was then read. It set forth the indie- ;
pensable necessity of the appointment of a clerk
to the prompt performance of the duties of the
office, &c. . ,
The letter of ex-Speaker Davis was then read.
It expresses his opinion of the necessity of the ap-
pointment, and adverts to the inconvenience which
has hitherto been ex*perienced from the want of it.
Mr. VENABLE rose to inquire of tiie gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] what was the amount of
the per dkm proposed by the amendment?
Mr. VINTON said, four dollars.
Mr! VENABLE moved to strike out four dol-
lars, and insert three and a half dollars.
The CHAIRMAN said, that when he had occu- ,'j ment was then taken.
Mr. ROOT continued. Nothing, he said, was
more likely. For about three months after the
commencement of the last session, a member offered
resolutions authorizing the Sergeant-at-arms to em-
ploy a clerk. They were objected to; they were
kept out; and the subject was not acted upon until the
general appropriation bill was under consideration.
At that time his colleague, [Mr. Vinton,] acting,
as he said, under the recommendation of a major-
ity of the members, ("since any one would sign a
petition if it did not call for money,) came in and
moved an amendment appropriating the sum of $4
per day for this clerk, whose employment no one .
had authorized. And then, and not till then, the
Sergeant-at-arms got the clerk.
What next > Alseady, at the present session, a
resolution had been introduced providing for the
j payment to this clerk of the same extra compen-
l sation which had been allowed toothers. He (Mr.
R.) insisted that there was no necessity for more
. than one assistant in the office of the Sergeant-at-
! arms. Let gentleman call the office by what name
i they would. The Sergeant-at-arms had already
a messenger allowed by law. He might employ
him as a clerk; if he did not like him, let him get
a messenger whom he could employ in that ca-
pacity.
He (Mr. R.) believed that the Sergeant-at-arms
had once resigned an office in Florida, because
there was no use in keeping.it up. He had set an
example which no office-holder had ever set be-
fore, by recommending to the President of the
United States to abolish the office because there
was no use in retaining it any longer. He (Mr.
R.) was for holding him to his doctrine, and felta
little astonished that such a proposition as this
should come from him.
Mr. ROOT moved to amend the last amendment
by adding,
Provided, That hereafter then; shall not be allowed a mes-
senger in the ofticp of the Sergeant-at-arms.
The question on the amendment to the ameq4-
pied the chair at the last session of Congress, he
had ruled it out of order to propose an amendment
and the amendment for the purpose of making a speech.
II Mr. VENABLE said his purpose was not to
make a speech, but to go agatnst the whole matter.
The CHAIRMAN (interposing) said, that lie
had made the statement generally, and not with
reference especially to the proposition of the gen-
tleman fi'owi North Carolina, [Mr VenaSle.]
Mr VENABLE continued. He referred to the
several occasions on which the same subject had
been brought up duiing the present Congress, and
to the fact of the re jection of the proposition several
times during the last session, until it finally found
its way into the general appropriation bill. If he
was correctly informed, this was the uvst Congiess
at which the Sergeant-at-arms had asked for-such
an officer. If it was necessary that he should nave
a clerk, let the country know it. He would vote
Rut no quorum voted.
The question was again taken, (a second count
having been called for,) and the vote stood—ayes
69. noes 57. •
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
The question was then taken on the amendment
as thus amended, and was decided in the affirma-
11 So the amendment of Mr. Vinton, as amended
by the amendment of Mr. Root, was agreed to.
* FURNITURE OF THE "WHITE HOUSE.
The bill having been gone through with—
Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, inquired of the
Chair if it was still open to amendment.
The CHAIRMAN replied m the affirmative.
Mr. HOUSTON offered an amendment, (of
which we have not a copy,) but which was un-
