120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 29.
d<5rstood.to appropriate the sum of §20,000 for re-
furnishing the President's mansion, in addition to.
su'ch^um as might be realized by the sale of the
old furniture.
Mr. HOUSTON said he had offered the amend-
ment at this time, because he thought that the bill-
was one in which the appropriation contemplated
bjr it might appropriately be made. The amount
proposed did not greatly exceed that usually ap-
propriated at the incoming of a President elect. '
Upon looking at the various appropriations
made, for the same object since the foundation of
the Government, he found that the sums appro-
priated would average about fifteen thousand dol-
lars. About four years ago, when provision was
made for refurnishing the President's mansion, the
of sixteen thousand dollars was appropriated.
The whole, of that sum (Mr. H. was understood
to say) was expended in things requisite for the
lower apartments. The upper apartments re-
mained as .they had been during the preceding
Administration, and how much longer no one could
say. He had been assured, upon good authority,
that the furniture in all the apartments was tattered
and torn—some of it even in rags—and that it was
necessary to have both the upper and lower apart-
ments furnished. That was the reason why the
sum he had askeu for was somewhat larger by
five or" six thousand dollars than the amounts usu-
allyapproprfated. Probably somegentlemen might
object to it; but he was satisfied that the amount-
was not larger than was necessary. *
\ Mr. PRESTON moved to amend the amend-
ment, by reducing the appropriation from twenty
to te.n thousand dollars.
Mr. HUDSON rose to a point of order. He
did so, he said, for the purpose of settling: n prin-
ciple which he thought ought to'be settled before
proceeding further.
He believed that by a resolution which had just
been adopted by the House, all debate on this'bill
must cease, and that it was n«t in order for gentle-
men to debate an amendment. The five minutes'
rule—as it was called—by which it was in order
for any gentleman,offering an amendment to speak
that length of time in explanation of it, was in this
condition. It was one of the rules and orders of
the last session of Congress. Towards the cjose
of that session, the rule was suspended. Shortly
after the commencement of the present session, the
House had adopted a resolution adopting the rules
«r)d orders as they were in force at the ctese of the
last session. Hence, he submitted, the five min-
utes' ryle was not in operation, and therefore de-
bate \s<£s not in order.
TheCHAIRMAN overruled the point of order,
with the remark, that he thought the suspension
of the rule to which the gentleman alluded had
expired with the close of the last session.
The question recurring on the amendment to the
amendment—
"> Mr. PRESTON briefly opposed the appropria-
tion, It had been the custom (he was understood
to say) for the Committee on the Public Buildings,
on the advent of a new President, to institute an
investigation into these matters, and to see what
was necessary to be done. In the present case no
such investigation had been made; and he was
opposed to any-appropriation unless that inquiry
should have taken place. Whatever amount of
money was necessary lie was willing to vote; but
he should oppose all appropriations till the commit-
tee had inquired what was proper to be done in the
premises. The sum appropriated about four years
ago xvas, he believed, some seventeen thousand
dollars. He did not know whether it was suf-
ficient for the purpose or not. He was willing to
vote what would be sufficient, but not until the
proper investigation had been made.
Mr. HOUSTON said, he •was not aware that it
had been the practice for theCommitteeon thePub-
lic Buildings to recommend this appropriation—he
meant the uniform practice since the formation of j
the committee. It was certain that all appropria-
tions for tho purpose had been made in some such
bill as this.
Mr. H. then explained the efforts he had made
before thejiohdays to get the committee together,
for the purpose of taking the matter into consid-
eration; ar.d that a meeting fixed for Tuesday last
had been prevented by the adjournment. Since
that time, (he was understood to say,) the com-
mittee had instructed him to make the necessary
" examination. '
After a brief explanation—
Mr. PRESTON withdrew his amendment, ex-
pressing the hope*that the House would make no
appropriation until the proper investigation had
taken place.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, moved an amendment
to the amendment, as follows:
 Provided, further, That the Ogle gold spoons shall not be
sold, or in any nmnner'disposGd of.
But before it was read— '
Mr. HQUSTON rose and withdrew his amend-
ment.
On motion of Mr. STANTON,
The committee rose and reported the bill and
the several amendments to the House.
The SPEAKER announced the question to be
first on agreeing to the amendments of the com-
mittee, and then upon the engrossment and third
reading of the bill.
Pending which question—
On motion, the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the r-ule, and referred:
By Mr. TUCK: The petition of T. G. Brainard and 272
others, praying for the establish mentofa mail route between
Manchester, in the State of New Hampshire, to Lowell, )n
the Suite of Massachusetts.
By Me. TALLMADGE: The memorial of Barnabas Bates
and 90 others, for cheap postage. Also, the memonal of
Richards and Van Wart, for compensation for delivery of
stone at the navy-yard at New Yoik.
By Mrt FRIES : The memorial of A- L Frazer, of Steu-
benville, Ohio, proposing to construct a railroad from St.
Louis, or some other suitable point, to San Francisco, in
California, and asking a donation of public lands for the
same. *
By Mr. THOMPSON", of Iowa: The petition of William
C. Jones, pravine foi a errant of the public land?.
By Mr. HENfLEY: The memonal of the Ohio and In-
dianapolis Rail torn] Company, aj-kiiiij a donation of unsold
lands m the region of country through which the road passes,
to aid in its consti uction.
IN SENATE.
Friday, December 29, 1848.
Mr. UNDERWOOD presented the additional
petition in the case of Robert Jewell, deceased;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. STURGEON presented the petition of Wil-
liam Norris, of Philadelphia, asking for a.remis-
sion of the duties on iron used in the manufacture
of locomotive_steam-engjnes exported to foreign
countries; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. NILES presented a petition from the pub-
lishers of New York, asking that the privilege of
exchanging works may be extended to them as it
is to the publishers of newspapers; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. NILES stated that the object of the peti-
tioners would be accomplished in the bill reported
by the committee, which he would call up at an
early day.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, presented the peti-
tion of George Martin, of the ordnance corps,
wounded by guerrillas in the Mexican war; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BRIGHT presented the petition of mem-
bers of the Legislature of Indiana, praying that a
pension may be allowed to Gideon Walker, a sol-
dier in the last war; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
REPORTS.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Commerce,
reported House bill to refund to Charles A. Kel-
Iett tonnage duties and light money paid on the
Chinese junk Keying, with an amendment.
Mr. WESTCOTT, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported the bill for the relief of Wil-
liam Piummer, executor of Starkey Armistead,
with verbal amendments.
Mr. WESTCOTT asked for the consideration
of this bill at the present time, explaining that it
was a case of a judgment obtained by the United
States against the deceased, which Piummer, as
executor, paid in full v/ith costs; that the payment
was recorded, and he received a receipt from the
clerk of the court. The officers of the treasury
however, neglected to make the entry of the pay-
ment, and Government had again instituted suit
against Piummer, and had obtained a new judg-
ment. Since, that time, they had become satisfied
that the judgment was previously satisfied; but,
as they had no power to correct the error, they
had delayed proceedings, to give time for an appli.
cation to Congress.
IVlr. BADGER stated that the case had been
correctly stated by the Senator from Florida, and,
that he would therefore refrain from any addi-
tional remarks.
The bill was then considered, and read a third
time, and passed.
BILL ON LEAVE.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, pursuant to notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to establish "
an additional land office in the State of Iowa;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
ADJOURNMENT.
On motion,
Orderedf That when the Senate adjourns, it ad-
journ to meet on Tuesday.
NOTICES OP BILLS.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, gave notice that he
would to-morrow, or on some day thereafter, ask
leave to introduce a bill to provide for the payment
of the Iowa militia called into service in Decem-
ber, 1839.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, gave notice that he
would to-morrow, or on some subsequent day, ask
leave to introduce a bill in relation to a new land
office. s
ARNOLD NAUDAIN.
The motion made by Mr. Clayton, to recon-
sider the vote by which the adverse report of the.
Committee on Claims in the case of Arnold Nau-
dain was concurred in, was taken up.
Mr. CLAYTON expressed a desire that the
question should lie over, as a Senator who took an
interest in the matter was absent.
• Mr. WESTCOTeT hoped the motion would now
be taken, and the vote reconsidered. He desired
the subject to be referred to the Committee on
Commerce. His attention had been called to an
error in the appropriation bill of last session, by
which collectors were Refused any compensation
for the light-house establishment. Some officers,
therefore, who had very onerous duties tovperform,
received no compensation whatever for these* du-
ties.
Mr. CLAYTON expressed his willingness to
permit the report to take this course, should the
motion for reconsideration succeed. He concurred
in the propriety of what had fallen from the Sena-
tor from Florida.
Mr. KING suggested, that as this special claim
would not bring up the whole subject before the
committee, it would be better-to introduce a reso-
lution reinstating ihe law as it existed before the
last session.
I Mr. CLAYTON declined doing this, as his ob-
ject was merely to obtain justice for an individual.
Mr. WESTCOTT explained that the Jaw of last
session prohibited collectors from receiving any
compensation for the superintendence of light-
houses.
Mr. KING remarked that there was a risk of
loss tp the Government, in a pecuniary view, from
the change which prevented the employment of
persons connected with the custom-house, who
were conversant with the business of light-houses,
and left it optional with the Executive department
to appoint any other person.
Mr. CLAYTON stated that this case involved
the matters referred to by the Senator from Ala-
bama.
The question was then taken, and the motion to
reconsider was agreed to.
The report was then referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
EVERGLADES OF FLORIDA.
The Senate proceeded to consider the bill to
authorize the draining of the Everglades in the
State of Florida, and to grant the same to said
State for that purpose; the question pending being
the amendment offered by Mr. "Underwood to
provide for the appropriation of a sum of money
to he expended in surveying the Everglades.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The Senator from Rhode
Island, on my lift, placed this amendment in my
hand the other day, his object being to test the
sense of the Senate upon the question of granting
lands to the different States of the Union for the
purposes of education and internal improvements,
as well as for objects of State advantage. But as
