-12a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 29,
rises a little hillock in these bottoms, on which the
neighboring stock collect themselves as'they re- '
treat from the flood, but where they are still ex-
posed, not only to the encroaching waters, but to
inevitable starvation. Now, suppose property to
be found in such a condition by some benevolent
individual, who would say, it is better to kill these
cattle than to leave them to remain here and starve
or be drowned in the river. Suppose that, under
these circumstances, he actually kills them ai^d is
sued for damages. In the estimate of damages you
must- take into consideration the probabilities of
saving this property from the flood; and if the
jury should be convinced that they would have
been inevitably swept away by the rising river, or
perished from starvation, they would come to the
conclusion thatv the property was really worth
little or nothing. Now, the principle which would *
direct our judgment in estimating the value of these
cattle, is precisely similar to that which should ;
-guide us in the case now before the Senate; for, if j
you allow this claim, you make no consideration i
of the circumstances under which the property was
placed,- upon which the claim is founded. The i
only question must be, what was the actual value
of the property? I should be extremely sorry to
see 'this principle prevail in the legislation of the 1
country. -
Sir, I have suggested these things time and again,
in my humble way, to the consideration of the
Senate, and I reiterate them now as the grounds
on which, in tny judgment, this class of claims
ought not to be allowed. How do these principles
apply to the case before us ? Here was a vessel—
Mr. WESTCOTT. Will the Senator distin-
guish this case from the claim for Robert Wallace's
horse, which the other day was presented from the
other side of the Chamber, and advocated with so
much ability ?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Yes, sir, I can very soon
show the distinction between these cases. But if
I could not, it would not affect my argument; for I
insisted upon that claim as an application of the
principle adopted in the Center case. It will be
recollected that I did not fix any value to the prop-
erty upon which that claim was founded, under
the circumstances in which it*was placed. All
that I said then I am willing to scry now. I only
intended to carry out a rule which the Senate had
already established, and which 1 had been resist-
ing all along;,but which, if established, should be
applied equally to all this class of cases, without
making any distinction. The mind of that indi-
vidual "must be very obtuse indeed, that cannot sec
the difference between the case of Wallace and
this claim of Baldwin. Wallace was a subordinate
officer, whose duty it was to obey the commands
of his superior, who has a rigTit to command him;
and under the direction of that superior officer, he
is compelled to give up.hjs property without being
allowed any chance to fight and defend it. Whereas
the principle which 1 advocate would compel the
citizen to stand up and defend his property, if
theSenator cannot see thedistinction between these
cases, argument is useless, and I might as well take
my seat.
But, sir, let us apply these principles to the case
before us. This vessel was stranded on the coast
of Florida. An officer of the United States navy,
hearing of the wreck, and supposing there might
be something valuable in it, which the Indians
might obtain, ordered it to be burnt. Now, if this
officer supposed the vessel ought to be burnt to
prevent the Indians from manning itas sailors and
cruising in the Gulf, his head must have had as
soft a place in it as any head could well bear. If
he could have imagined such a thing he was not
fit to command in either the army or navy of the
United States. What the particular circumstances
were which induced him to have the vessel burnt,
I do not know perhaps as well as others. It cer-
tainly could not have been to prevent the vessel
itself from falling into the hands of the Indians.
It might have been to prevent the property from
falling into their hands. The property would have
fallen into their hands, I suppose, at any rate.
How much the property on board was worth, the
report does not show; if it does, it has escaped my
recollection. If itjshows anything, then, it is that
we should pay the value of the vessel itself.
Mr. WESTCOTT. No, no. The case is, as
I have before distinctly stated and read from tlie
papers, that this man does not claim a single cent
on account of the value of the vessel or for the
whole cargo but only for that portion of the cargo ! impresses my ho.se for the use of the United
. , °  U..J! „„,i i! States, I am entitled, by virlue of precedent estab-
on board—the rigging, anchors, and lead—which,
but for'the order to burn the vessel, might have
been saved. I will state now to the Senator that
there was no probability whatsoever of getting the
hulk of the vessel off.
Mr. -UNDERWOOD. It then ' comes more
fairly into my principle than I expected. The
Senator says he does not ask remuneration for the
value of the vessel. The Indians-could have no
use for the vessel. They might have made use
of the lead and other articles to be found on board,
, Itshed as far back as the revolutionary war," to
r apply to Congress and obtain remuneration. Con-
gress are to inquire into the facts, and if it is proved
that the seizure of the horse was a case of neces-
sity, the uniform rule, from the days of the Revo-
lution, has been to pay for it, and, if the officer is
sued, even to pay the officer. In 1816, you passed
a law which recognizes the principle adverted to "
orva former occasion—that is, reimbursement for
necessary destruction of property—as may be seen
Si SSXtltttSj Z i " M^UKDERWOOD. I„ ,J. y .-KM,  .
officer, by burning the vessel, melted the lead, and | Senator from Florida al hides the Government got
sunk the whole in the Gulf—where is the d-iffer- j th®]5e"^lr™pnTTCTThis ease seems to illus
ence, I say, to this owner? What injury has he !i Mr. WESTCOTT. This case seems to i las-
sustained in tbe destruction of his lead by the j' trate my position, as:I will «^]aJn- ™ ^
burning, more than he would have sustained had those cases, observed in the wai of 1813, android-
it fallen into the hands of the Indians? None; ly observed also m the BlackHawXand Seminole
whatever. You then propose to pay in this case
the full value of the lead, without regard to the
circumstances which should rightfully diminish
its value, which value I have commented upon by
citing analogous cases. I have endeavored to show,
that under certain circumstances the lead would
have been worthless. But, sir, the lead has been
io, that where a certain piece of property
has been occupied by the United States as a mili-
tary position, and it is taken and destroyed by the
enemy, the Government pays for all loss incurred
by the destruction. These fcases are but illus-
trations of the principle, this case being a much
stronger one. In this case the officer has pei formed
destroyed. It might have heen appropriated by ji a given duty; he has burnt a ves3e! in pursuance
t v •. . ' 1 ' 1 t . 1 . 1 x _ *1  J ^ nnmivinri in tho i n I fori
these Indians; and now it seems to be held that
you ought to pay for it, upon the ground that, had
the Indians got possession of it, the'y might have
.made good use of it for themselves, by shooting
our citizens and soldiers with it, when their coun-
try was invaded by them. W-hat I want to say
of this principle is, that if you ai-e determined to
to the order of a commodore in the United States
! service; we are therefore bound" to pay for the de-
struction occasioned by the fulfillment of the order
i of our commodore to burn and destroyIt may
I do fqf citizens ofthe interior Stales, where there is
no probability of such depredations being commit-
ted," to contend for the contrary principle; but the
establish it, to ingraft it upon the legislation of the ]■ citizens of a frontier State, exposed to assaults
country, I, for one, am for carrying it out, as in the ji from a foreign enemy, will never sustain such a
case of the claim for Robert Wallace's horse, and j' rule. Consider for a moment the result of carry-
every other claim where the principle applies. But, !; ing into effect the principle advanced by the Sena-
if until the principle shall become firmly established, j; tor from Kentucky. Why, in time of war you
j; I shall oppose it. ' I: leave the property of citizens subject to the caprice
j! Mr. WESTCOTT. I regret that the Senator jj ofyour own military or naval officers; if they are
j: from Kentucky has not made himself more par- j! of*the opinion that certain portions of property
j' ticularly acquainted with the facts in this case; for |t should be destroyed, no matter whether there is
I am satisfied that, with the candor and intelligence |' any necessity for such destruction or not, it must be
which he brings into the review of any case, he i destroyed, and there is no probability 6f redress,
could not fail to see that the principle he discusses ii Mr._D0W3NS. 1 would inquire of the Senator
here is totally inapplicable to this ease. The prin-
ciple of this case, I would say also to the honor-
able Senator, has a closer connection with that in
\\ the case of Wallace and his horse, which he advo-
li cated the other day, than he seems willing to ad-
!' mit. For'my part, I cannot see^any difference in
4he cases, saving that in the matter of Wallace, his
from Florida what composed the cargo of this
I brie;?
Mr. WESTCOTT. - She was loaded with lead
j and various other articles. The lighter description
; of goods were taken out, as I before staled, and
! sold at Key West.
Mr. DOWNS. I understand, then, that there
ti property—the horse—was not burrtf. I will briefly ji was a large quantity on board of a Spanish brig,
ii recall the attention ofthe Senate to the facts in this t on the coast of Florida, at the time of the war with
! rtn C-. .1 in i"\    * A U A tfr *Knt t K rt finif Al* I. IHOlCS ^
Mr, WESTCOTT. The claim presented in this
; bill is not for any of the cargo taken out, but for
that which was destroyed. The report accom-
; panying the bill states the facts in the case. I
: suppose the Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Downs]
, founds his l«st question or statement upon the sup-
case, in order to show that the honorable Senator j
ji from Kentucky has totally misconceived its pecu- I
I liar bearing. This case is not a parallel one with !
ii that of Center; it is a much stronger case. Let i
!j me state it. A Spanish vessel is wrecked on the ]
;j coast of Florida; her cargo is all taken to Key j
j! West, with the exception of two tons of lead, the j,
!' anchors, rigging, and a few other articles, and \ position that this Spanish brigwas upon the coast
ji there sold for the benefit of the underwriters of the i1 to furnish the Indians with supplies. The papers
jj Spanish owner. Xhe wreck or hull, as it is called, i, accompanying this bill contain the testimony of
|| of the vessel is also sold at auction, after an ap- ji witnesses respecting this matter, and they uni-
praisement by two distinguished merchants ap- j! formly state—with the exception of the testimony
pointed by the district court, as?is customary, and j*of the officer who burnt her-—that .there was not
is purchased by an American citizen, Mr. John P. \] the slightest danger of the Indians approaching
Baldwin, for the sum of one thousand dollars, jj the spot whefts this vessel lay, and that she was
Upon going up to take possession of the wreck, !j at least one hundred miles distant from the seat of
he found it had been destroyed by order of Com- \] war.
mod ore Dallas. That gentleman, hearing of the j; Mr. DOWNS. Had it never been supposed
wreck, had ordered a party from his squadron to n that Spanish vessels were in the habit of furnish-
go up and bum the vessel, for fear of its contents r ing the Indians with lead, ammunition, and various
falling into the hands of the Indians. I would say ;i other articles?
that it is not pretended here that the claim is for Mr. WESTCOTT. There have been suspicions
the full value of the vessel, cargo and all. The of that nature excitcd from various circumstances
papers connected with the case show that the ves- j, that have occurred; and there is no doubt as to the
j! sel was in a situation from which it was impossi- j! fact that, during and anterior to the Seminole war,
;| ble to get her off. Now,, sir, this is, as I have i the Seminoles had a continued intercourse with
Ij already said, a case of an officer of the United j< Cuba and the British isles, and were thus fur-
|| States navy destroying certain property by com- n msfted with ammunition, provisions, &c. The
ji mand of Commodore Dallas; and i contend that j;' conveyers of such articles would cross the straits
ij if an officer either of the army or navy thus ex- j; of Florida m the night, in canoes and other small
jj ecutes an order given him by superior authority, i; boats, thus avoiding detection. The idea of Span-
i the Government is bound to remuneiate the suf- ish vessels hovering along the coast of Florida for
j ferer. This case, sir, is a much stronger one than Ij the purpose of trading with the Indians, when a
Center's. In regard to the want Of precedents |j United States squadron was stationed there, is
jj bearing on this case, I think the Senator in error, i preposterous. I apprehend the Senator from Loui-
j; If an officer of the army goes into my stable, and I! siana is not very particular as to a further explana-
