<1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tory answer to his query. As I have before stated,
all the officers on board of this yessel, xvith the ex-
ception of two, repel the idea that the Indians
would have come and taken possession of her.
The vessel lay upon a part of the coast where there
were no settlements, and where the Indians were
not in the habit of coming. There was no induce-
ment to come there, no prospect of plunder, no
settlements to ravage -and destroy. The Indians
were on the other side of the peninsula, and they
could not have reached the vessel without crossing
the everglades, which- my" honorable friend, from
Kentucky, who has examined the map of that part
of Florida with his customary candor, could not
but testify would be a journey of some difficulty.
It was remarked yesterday, by the honorable
Senator from New Hampshire, that the bill of
Center passed in the same way as the bill com-
pensating messengers of Presidential votes had
passed, viz: without any knowledge of ihe fact by
Senators. I have taken the trouble to examine the
Journal of tlie Senate of last session, and at pagei5
549, I find that the yeas and nays were taken on
the final decision in relation to the bill; and there-
fore the Senator from New Hampshire is mistaken
in supposing that the Senate were taken by su'r-
pr^e in their final vote upon the bill. By reading
the names of those voting on that occasion, I find
also that the Senator from New Hampshire was
not present—a good and sufficient reason for his
not being acquainted with the action of the Senate
on the question.
Allowing, sir, that the principle-advocated by
the Senator from Kentucky were carried out, what
wouM be the result? An arrrry naval officer may
be commissioned to destroy property, under an un-
founded apprehension that it may be of service to
an enemy of the United Suites, and he may execute
that commission; where, I would again inquire, is
reimbursement to be had /or such destruction?
Suppose the officer who gives the order is a fool—
or is reckless and careless, and thus worse than a
fool—and causes property to be burnt or destroyed
without any cause whatever, or commits injury
without any reasonable pretext, would not ihe
Erinciplc of my friend from Kentucky, if applied
ere, prevent the owfiers of that property thus
wantonly destroyed from being remunerated for
their losses? Suppose the owner institutes an
action against the officer, the officer may not be
worth a cent, and, as Government is not respon-
sible, I would not give a fig for the value of the
verdict, even though it might be rendered in favor
of the owners. We know something about these
verdicts fioin experience; the officer pays 110 at-
tention to the suit or verdict either, considering
that the mischief he has done was a part of his
regular business. A suit of this character is but
a mockery, a mere form. The best mode of pro-
ceeding in a case of destruction of property in this
manner—whether Government has by precedent
admitted the validity of such claims or not—is to
apply directly to Congress for redress. -I have
thus presented briefly, and somewhat incoherently,
my views upon this case, and 1 would again rec-
ommend it to the favorable consideration of the
Senate.
Mr. BADGER. I had supposed that the prin-
eiple involved in this question was amply discussed
by the Senate at the last session. It appears to
have again come up, and as the discussion upon it
is incieasing in energy and zeal, and as also there
are matters that require all the spare time for de-
liberation between this and Tuesday next that we
can afford, I move that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. HAMLIN. I trust that the Senator will
alter his motion to one of postponement, as there
are several communications on the Secretary's
table that require our consideration. ■*-
Mr. BADGER. I move that the further con-
sideration of the question be postponed until Tues-
day next.
The consideration was postponed accordingly.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, the Senate then
proceeded to the consideration of. Executive busi-
ness; and, after some time spent therein, the doors
were re-opened, and
The Senate adjourned. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, December 29, 1848 .
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. HOLMES, of New York, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the Committee on the Judi-
ciarywas discharged from the further consideration 1| the army-for. the
of the memorial of Vladislaus Wank'owicz, grand
nephew of General Thaddeus Kosciusko, praying
the passage of a special act of venue, providing
for the removal of cases concerning the estate of
General Kosciusko from the United States circuit
court for th^ District of'Columbia to the United
States court for the district of Maryland; which
motion was postponed for the present.
Mr. RICHARDSON (by unanimous consent)
obtained leave, and introduced a joint resolution
to authorize and require the Secretary.of War to
pay certain troops dismounted by order of General
Wool; which was read twice, and referred to the
Committee on ftftlitary Affairs.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, offered the
following resolution:
Resolved, That all debate in the Committee of the Whole
House, on House bill for the rrlief of the legal representa-
tives of Antonio Pac-heco, .--hall cease at half-past one
o'clock this day, (it the committee shall not sooner come to
a condition upon the same ;) and the committee shall then
propeetl to vote on such amendments as may bt; ppndmg or
offered to the *ame,and shall thus lepoit it to the Hou>e,
Willi such amendments as may have been agreed to hy the
committee.
Mr. WHITE inquired of the Speaker whether
the resolution was not in such form as to require
the Committee of the Whole to rise when they had
acted upon the bill ? *
Having received an affirmative reply fioro tlie
Cleik, lie suggested to the gentleman from Con-
necticut, [Mr. Rockwell,] so to modify the reso-
lution as, after the committee had acted upon the
bill, to allow them to go on to consider other bills.
The SPEAKER stated that there was hut one
form of resolution known to the rules of the
House to be offered without a suspension'of the
rules. If the gentleman deviated from that form,
it would require a vote of two-thirds to introduce
the resolution.
Mr. G1DD1NGS, said as this was a very im-
portant bill, he hoped the resolution would not pass,
and he"demanded the yeas and nays.
The resolution was again read at the request of
several members.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan, called for the lead-
year ending the 30th of-June,
1850;and
A bill making appropriations for thfe support of
the Military Academy for the year ending the
30th ol June, 1850; which bills w§re severally read
twice, and committed to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
On motion of Mr. VINTON,
Chilered, That the said hills he'made the special order of
the day lor the 4tll day ol January next, and so to continue
(Fridays and Saturdays exceptr-d) until disposed of.
. NOTICES OF BILLS.
Notices were given for leave to introduce bills,
as follows:
By Mr. HUBBARD: A bill making a grant of
land to aid the New York and Boston Railroad
Company in the construction of the air line rail-
road.
By Mr. CABELL: A bill ttf cede the Everglades
to the State of Florida.
On motion of Mr. TAYLOR, it was
Ordered, That the Committee of the Whole House on the
state of the Union be difCharged from the further consider-
ation of the hill (No. 146) from the Senate, entitled " An act
j to provide compfn^ation to William Woodbrldge and Henry
j Chapman, forservicesm adjusting title-? to land in Michigan,
i and lor other purposes;'' and tliat'it be committed to a Com-
I mittee ot the Whole House.
j THE PRIVATE CALENDAR,
j Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved that
! the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole, for the purpose of proceeding to the con-
sideration of bills on the private calendar.
The motion having been agreed to—
The House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole, (Mr. Boyd, of Kentucky, in the chair,)
and proceeded to the consideration of the said
calendar.
COMPENSATION FOR SLAVE.
The committee took up the bid (heretofore un-
der discussion) entitled. "A bill for the relief of the
legal representatives of Antonio Pacheco.
The CHAIRMAK said that the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] was entitled to the
iloor.
c , ,, . t ,, - - . , , >1 Mr. STANTON was understood to sav, that
ing of the bill, that gentlemen might know upon wh on a former d he had submUte(! tJ,e mo_
what they were voting. ^ S 'ion that t.hP committee rise, it was not with the
■ri dthe ieport, too. !'intention of addressing the committee.
Ihe bFliAKt.K said the bill could be readonly ;; Ml._ W1LS0N then took lhe fl and ad_
Whole' House ' ^ WaS COmm'"ee °f the i, Messed the committee at some length in opposition
i\r ■ j . I to the oill.
JNo objection being made—
The bilt" was read. [It appropriates to the legal
representatives of Antonio Pacheco $1,000, the esti-
mated value of a slave transported with the Sem-
inole Indians to the "West, by order of General
Jesup.]
He said that the claim before the committee, by
which compensation was sought from the-Govem-
nient of the United States, was one of a veiy pe-
culiar character. It raised, in his judgment, a very
important question, which it was of high mojaienfc
IT, - - , , , , . ,1 to the Government and the people of this country
ttie yeas and hays were ordered; and the ques-.r shou3d be duly considered, maturely weighed, ami
yeas 9b, j! se^]e(j so as j0 give satisfaction to every part of
• the Union.
! It was a claim for a slave. The circumstances
| under which it was made were set forth m the re-
j port of the committee; and he believed, thatso far
j as the facts of the case were concerned, theie was
i very little discrepancy between the report which
had been made by the majority of the committee
and that which had been made by the minority.
It was a claim growing out of the Florida war.
An officer of the United States Government had
applied to Pacheco for some person to act as guide
and^nterpreter to the ill-fated command of Major
Dade. A colored man, by the name of Lewis,
claimed as a slave by Pacheco, was furnished to
tion having been taken, the vote stood
nays 52—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bedingc-r, Blackmar, Bocock, Bolts,
Bowhn. Boy don, Br.tdj , William <*, Biown,Ci><trle& Biown,
Buekut-r, Burt, Butler, Cabell, Can In, Cha<v, Olapp, Frank-
lin Claik, Beveily L. Clarke, Clingntaii. Williamson i*. W.
Cobb, Cock*:, Congei, Cianston, Crozier, Cummins, Dar-
ling, Ducj, Garnett Duncan, Dunn, Knihree, Nathan Evans,
Fairelly, Featlierston, Fisher, Floninoy, Fienrh, Fulton,
Games, Goggm, Gieen, Gunriill, Hale, Nathan K. Hall,
James G. Hampton, HannaiiM/n, lidiiia. Henlej, Ilill, Elia*
B. Holmes, Hunt, Jo.-eph E Inger-oll, Irvin, Jameson,
James H. Johnson, Robe it W. Johnson, George W.Jones,
Kaufinau, Thomas Butler Kins, La fefere, JLefllei, Levm,
Lincoln, Job Mann, Muipby, i\ew tdl, iVtnw,
Peyton, Pil&bary, Pollock, Piestoii, John* A. Rockwell,
Itoman, Xlo.-e, Kumsey, St. John, ►Snvcstei, Caleb B. Smith,
Tiuinau Snail), Sj.auion, Chailes E. Sinau, Taylor, Tlubo-
deau.\, J.uncs Thofnpson, Richard W Thompson, Toomh-a
Van D>ke, ' Venable, Vmton, Wallace, Warren, White, \\act ill that capacity. When that command was
Wick, Williams, ond Woodward—96.
NAYS— Mewsis. Abbott, Ashnnii). Bingham, Linn Bojd,
Budye-, Albeit G Brown, Catheart, Crowell, Dicke>, Dick-
inson, Dixon, Edwards, Faran, Firklm, Freedley, Fries,
Guidiiigs, Gott, Geoige S. Houston, Hubbard, Jenkins, An-
ditw Johnson, Kt'imon, Daniel p. King, i.ahm, .Sidney
Lawrence, X^oid, McClelland. Horace Mann, Marsh, Millei,
Morns, Palfrey, Peaslee, Pec k, Tutnani, Richardson, Riehey,
Rotun-souj Rocklnli, Julius Rockwell, Root, Sawyer, Smart,
. Staikweailiei, Thomas, Jacob Thompson,Tliuraton, Tuck,
Turner, Wentworth, and Wilson—5*2,
So the resolution was adopted, and the House
(at twenty-five minutes past twelve) agreed to ter-
minate debate on the said bill at half past one
o'clock this day.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. VINTON, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported bills of the following titles,
viz:
A bill making appropriations for the support of
captured, and most of those composing it were
massacred, Lewis, in some way or other—either
by desertion or being captured by the Indians—
escaped. Subsequently, upon the surrender of the
; Indians to General Jesup, Lewis came in with
them, and was claimed^ by the principal chief,
! Jumper, who surrendered, as his man, by virtue
of the riffht he had to him by having- captured
j him in battle.
; It appeared that subsequently to this, the repre-
' sentatives of Pacheco, or Pacheco himself, made
i application to the officer in command of the United
! States army in Florida for the surrender of Lewis
I —claiming him as property. He was not given
. up; but the officer declared that he must be sent to
! the West with the emigrating Indians. This was
\ done; and now ihis claim was brought on the part
i of the heirs of Pacheco for compensation,
i He (Mr. W.) was not able to state with certainty
