126
The congressional globe.
Dec. 29,
to consider them as such. If they wanted to levy
taxes upon them,tthen they were property. This
Congress might levy taxes upon slaves as property;
they might collect them, and put the avails into
the coffers of the Union, to defray the expenses
of the Government: For that purpose slaves were
property. If it was desired to satisfy an execu-
tion in favor of the Government against some
southern defaulter—some custom-house officer,
some postmaster, or other defaulting aggnt of the
Government—slaves were property enough for
that purpose. Whenever it was for the ad vantage
of the Government, their northern friends were
ready enough to consider them as property; but
when the Government was asketi to give fair com-
pensation for such property which had been appro-
priated to public use, their northern friends found
that there was nothing in the Constitution to justify
their being regarded as property. The Supreme
Court of the United States, sitting at this hour in
this Capitol, had time and again adjudicated ques-
tions involving the right of property in slaves; and
never had that court intimated that there was as
much as a doubt as to the existence of that right.
In the case of Groves vs. Slaughter, among other
things, that court had^clearly and distinctly recog-
nized the right of property m slaves.
But the gentleman from New Hampshire found
that there was nothing in the Constitution recog-
nizing the right of property in slaves, and therefore
he was not goigg to give it by his vote. He (Mr.
B.) would like to know of the gentleman if there
was anything in fhe Constitution which pointed
out a horse, or any other animal or thing, as prop-"
erty? Where was the clause of the Constitution
which declared the right of property in a house, in
a wooden clock, or any other product of. the great
State of New Hampshire, or the right of property
in corn, in breadstuff's, or in any article of meichan-
dise' The Constitution of the United States was
profoundly silent on all these points, as it was upon
the question of the right of property in slaves.
. So far as the action of this Congress was con-
cerned, the question had time and again been set-
tled, that there w«s such a thing as the right of
property in slaves. But it belonged to gentlemen
of the school of politics to which the gentleman
from New Hampshire belonged, within the last
three or four years to discover that there was no
such thing in existence. 'Why, he would like to
know of the gentleman when and where it was that,
he had made the marvelous discovery, that there
could be no right of properly in anything unless
that thing was specified in the Constitution of the
United States.
The Supreme Court, in, he supposed,a thousand
cases involving the principle that there was prop-
erty in slaves, Irtid affirmed, directly or indirectly,
that right; Congress also, in repeated instances,
had uffiimed it. Gentlemen ought to admit some I
principle as settled. When we had precedent after '
precedent,'both in our judicial decisions and in the i
action of Congress, ali pointing one way, or (to I
use more approved language) if the question had I
been " settled by the various departments of the !
Government," the principle must be regarded as
established; and (we were told) we were to expect
no veto from the President elect, and he should
  hope that no objections to it would come from the
President's friends.
lie repeated, he had not risen for the purpose
of discussing the- point whether this particular
claim was valid, but to correct the improper, the
erroneous doctrine which had been piomulgatcd
by the gentleman from New Hampshire—a doc- :
trine which, in his judgment, had done more to'j
poison the minds of the northern people, to lead i
them into error, and shake the foundations of soci- !
ety, than all other false doctrines combined. I
The Chairman recognized Mr. Burt, wlio j
yielded to Mr. Cabell, who had been striving to i
get the floor; when—
Mi". CABJELL said he legretted that he had
not an opportunity of going into the consideration
of the various questions involved in this case. He
would like to give his views fully. But he had
only four minutes before the debate would termi-
nate, and 'he wonld devote that time to a .brief
statement of the fuels, so as to divest it of all con-
siderations but the single and simple point made
by the gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Wilson,J that there cannot be properly in slaves.
He was not disposed to discuss that question with
the gentleman from New Hampshire or any one
else. He could not admit that it is open to dis-
cussion. He wished this Congress—the plbple's
representatives—to come up to the question, and
say whether or not, in their estimation, the Con-
stitution under which we all live guaranties to the
citizens of the southern States the right of posses-
sion and property in their slaves. What is the
testimony?
Captain Casey, of the United States army, de-
poses that in 1835, by order of Captain Belton,
commanding at Fort Brooke, he hired a negro
man, named Lewis, from the legal representatives
of Pacheco, for $25 a month, to act as a guide to
the troops of the United States under the command
of the lamented Major Dade, wjlich were massa-
cred soon after. Lewis escaped to the Indians.
He was brought into Fort Brook in 1837, with a
party of Seminoles, recognized by his owner, and
demanded of General Josu p. He was also claimcd
by the chief Jumper, on the ground that he had
saved Lewis's life at " Dade's massacre." Jesup
refused to surrender the slave to Pacheco, and
ordered him to be sent to Fort Pike, Louisiana,
with the Indians and negroes, to be removed to the
j land reserved for them in the West, against the
remonstrances of his owner. Lewis was sent to
the West, though the officer commanding at Fort
Pike was notified of the claim of Pacheco.
Lieutenant Reynolds, the .emigrating agent, de-
poses that he told General Jesup that Lewis was
the property of Pacheco, but that General Jcsiip
replied, " Take him west, and let the Government
pay for him." Reynolds took charge of Lewis,
and handed him over to the receiving agent at
Fort Pike.
General Jesup, in his testimony, corroborates
the statements of Casey and Reynolds, and adds
that he refused to surrender the slave to his owner,
because he had learned that Lewis would be sent
to Cuba, whence he would return to Florida, and
find his way among the Indians, and be employed
against us. He therefore ordered him to be sent
west.
Thus, said Mr. C., it appears that General
Jesup, knowing and admitting that Lewis was'the
property of Pacheco, refused to surrender him to
his owner, purely from considerations of regard
for the public good, and ordered him to be sent
beyond the reach of his owner.
Major Mcintosh testifies that he at one time
owned and sold the slave Lewis to Pacheco. He
recognized and had several interviews with said
slave in the Indian nation, in Arkansas, where he
had been sent with the Seminole Indians.
No case, added Mr. C., could be more clearly
made out. The liability of this Government is
palpable, unless this Congress determines to assent
to the mischievous and unconstitutional doctrine
which is avowed by the opponents of this bill.
The question is divested of all extraneous mat-
ters, and is simply this: whether there is property
in slaves in the United States? and whether this
Government will remunerate the owner for the
value of a slave forcibly taken and retained from
his possession by its officers, and removed beyond
his reach, for considerations of national policy,
and for the public good and benefit?
Under the rule ofthe House, one hour is allowed
after debate generally shall have terminated, to the
member reporting the bill.
Mr. BURT (who had reported the bill) rose
and was understood to say, that as a member of
the committee which had had this matter in charge,
he felt that it was probably due to the zeal and i
vehemence with which it had been opposed that I
he should at least pay to those gentlemen who had [
opposed it the respect of showing,'as he now pro- !
posed to do, that if any man in this Hall voted
against tie claim, he could not escape the respon- j
sibity of doing so upon the grounds which had j
been taken by the gentleman from New Haran- I
shire, [Mr. Wilsojj.] 1 j
Mr. COLLAMER rose and asked leave to sub- '
nut an inquiry. 1
Mr. BtJRT having yielded the floor— j
Mr. COLLAMER was understood to ask !
whether the gentleman from South Carolina de- 1
Sired to be understood as saying that gentlemen ,
could vote against the hill only on the pounds 1
which had been taken by the gentleman from New ■
JNew Hampshi re? i
Mr. BURT resumed the floor. He was under- fi
stood to answer the question in the affirmative, and j I
! to proceed to say, that he did not intend to leave
1 to the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Collamer,]
a single loophole through which to escape. He
intended to show, that as to every other circum-
stance, as to every other fact upon which the claim
depended, the human mind could not entertain a
doubt; and.that gentlemen, if they decided against
thfe claim, would be compelled to do so upon the
ground that slaves were not property under the
Constitution of the United States.
This was one of those cases in which there was
no difference of opinion in the committee as to the
facts. The proof allowed no difference of opinion
as to the facts of the case; and these facts, as
stated in the report of the majority, were assented
'< to by the minority. What were they?
; [Mr. B. recapitulated the facts as they have been
| heretofore published- in this paper; at the same
i time speaking of the slave Lewis as a man -of
; remarkable intelligence, comeliness, and sagacity,
| "and black as the spirit of darkness."]
i He then proceeded to say, that on the 28th day
| of the month for which he had been hired, the
; command of Major Dade (as was well known to
| the country) had been massacred by the Indians.
| Lewis was one of^he few persons who survived.
! He was not again heard of until he came in with
! Jumper, the Seminole chief, to Tampa Bay, who
j came for the purpose of surrendering fumself to
j General Jesup, the commander-in-chief of the
army of the United States in Florida. Upon his
return, Lewis was demanded by fiis owner; but
General Jesup, deeming him a mischievous per-
son, from the fact that he had so long resided with
the Seminoles,-arftl for oo other reason, decided
' that it would be unsafe to the peace and quiet of
j the community in Florida to deliver him to the
. owner, and therefore directed him to be "eou-
j grated" (to use the language of the department,)
; with the Indians west of the Mississippi. And
i there he was taken.
; It had been said that General Jesup suspected
j that Lewis had betrayed the command of Major
j Dade. That officer evidently entertained a most
! unfavorable opinion of him; he thought that he
1 was a mischievous person; and high considera-
tions of the public peace induced him to rwith-
hold him from hts owner, and to have him trans-
ported, as he (Mr. B.) had stated, with the Indians 1
west of the Mississippi. These were the facts of
the case. He should al^o say, that the worth or
value of Lewis, as set forth in the biU, had been
proved by two witnesses, who seemed to be rep-
utable.
The gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Wilsonf] with great simplicity, and no doubt with
equal sincerity, had asked him (Mr. B.) to indi-
cate the point in this transaction at which the
Government of the United States became liable—
or, in other words, to specify fhe act by which the
Government became responsible for the value of
Lewis. The gentleman was a lawyer—an able
one, he (Mr. B.) had no doubt; and he would
direct-the attention of the gentleman to this point.
•! Here was an officer of the Government, in eom-
ii mand of the military forces of the United States,
[! whose authority to make this contract the gentle-
!; man did not controvert, hired of Pacheco a slave,
|j at the rate of twenty-five dollars per month. The ~
jj officer notonly did not return the slave to Pacheco,
but he withheld him from the owner after the term
j: for \^hich he had been hired had ceased. He (Mr.
ji B.) supposed that neither in New Hampshire nor
;! anywhere else was there a couit which would not,
ii under suph cireu/nstances, decide that the bailee
ji should be held responsible for the damages sus-
!! t&'ned. What did the contract avail, if this were
; not so? And whatuvM the contiact? It was, that
j the owner should deliver the slave to the bailee for
; a certain time, and that at the expiration of that
| time the bailee should deliver the slave to the
: owner. "Would any man professing to be a lawyer
, deny that that was lawJ There was no possible
I excuse; there was no sort of allegation on the part
I of the bailee that circumstances beyond his control
had rendered it impossible to re-deliver the prop-
erty. He commended that fact to the considera-
tion of gentlemen.
What was the excusc here? There was none
upon earth. The owner demanded ofthe bailee
the possession of his property. It was not deliv-
ered, but was per force withheld from him. Upon
the strictest principles of law, upon those princi-
ples of law which applied to individuals, there
