1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
could be no diversity of opinion as to the liability
in this case. *
This man jyas carried west by the Indians.
And it had been said by the gentleman from New
Hampshire, that admitting, for the purposes of the
argument what he could by fto means concede,
that property could be held in slaves, that this
slave—even if he "was property—was still^roperty
in the West, in the gorges-of the Rocky Moun-
tains, or, it might be, at the head-waters of the
Arkansas river. What an argument was this!
What a suggestion—to relieve the Government or
an individual from the obligations of a contract
voluntarily entered into, for the benefit, too, of the
'bailee—-to say, " I' have removed your property
beyond*your reach, and [ now tantalize you, by
tellipg you, that if ever this was property, it is so
no\y—go and get it!" Was the Congress of the
United States, in its transactions with its citizens, to
act upon principles of such morality? But so far
as he had the authority to do it, General Jesup,
the commander of the army in Florida, deprived
Pacheco of his property and delivered it to Jumper;
and he did so upon the allegation that the Govern-
ment of the United States should pay'lum for his
* slave.
This brought him (Mr. B.) to one of the points
which_had been made by the gentleman from New
Hampshire, and also in the report of the minority
of the committee—that was to say, that it had-
been the invariable practice of Congress not to re-
gard slaves as property, and not to pay for them
as such.
Now, he desired to bring to the attention of the
gentlemaft from New Hampshire the point which
he (Mr. B.) had made, and upon which (as, by
the rule, he was to have the last word) he should
rely. It was this : that no solitary case—(and he
thought that, for the accuracy of this statement,
he might pledge his veracity, and whatever of
respect he might have in the estimation of this
House, and which, small as it might- be9 he much
valued)—that no solitary case could be found on
the records of Congress where it had refused to
pay for a slave because he was not property. He
challenged the production of a case to the contrary.
Larche's case was one of the earliest. It oc- }i
burred in'1828. That was the case of a mulatto jj
in New Oileans, who, it was alleged, had been !|
impressed in the battle of New Orleans. He |j
(Mr. B.) had gone this morning to the files of ii
the Senate, m which body the ca&e came up. !j
He had examined them. He found that in 1828 ji
<a report had been made by Mr. Williams, saying j!
that there was no evidence that the slave had been H
impressed. The committee of the Senate, and the :j
Senate itself, very circumspectly and very prop- !■
erly required the production of the order of im- t-
pressment, if any such order there was, and that i;
the officers of the War Department should be re- \\
■quired to see if there was any evidence of a pro- \\
ceedmg of that kind on record. There was none.
There was evidence, and still is, that the cart and
horse had been impressed, and Larche was paid
fifty dollars for the use of them, and he (Mr. B.)
believed that at a subsequent period Larche had
been paid for the cart and the horse.
- Mr. GIDDINGS rose and desired, to put an j
inquiry to the gentleman from South Carolina. j
Mr. BURT having yielded the flooi— [
Mr. GIDDINGS inquired whether a subsequent j
report had not been made m 1830 from the Com- j
mittee on Claims, by Mr. Whittlesey, Us chair- ;
man, which specifically set forth that this man was ;
impressed with the horse and cart? i
Mr. BURT said, he should be glad that gentle- ;
men should freely interrogate him in the course of ■
his remarks, if difficulties of any kind occurred to j
their minds. But the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. j
Gjddikgs] was entirely mistaken. Mr. Whittle- |
sey, of Ohio, in his report, had quoted fiom the I
report of the Senate, in which the fact was assumed, j
But Mr. Whittlesey did not say so. He (Mr. B.) j
•Would have occasion to speak of that gentleman
hereafter.
Well, D'Autrieve's case was similar to Larche's.
He (Mr. B.) had looked over the whole debate on
ithat case in 1827-'28; and he had taken from the
remarks of Mr. Whittlesey—at that time the
chairman of the Committee on Claims—the ad-
mission that there was not the slightest evidence
on earth that the slave had been impressed; and,
he added, that if the case was to turn upon that
question, the inquiry of the committee should Jse
directed to it, and it would be shown that there
was not the least evidence of the fact.. That was
the language of Mr. Whittlesey; -and that was the
fact. There was no .evidence of impressment.
But the debate in the cases of Larche and
D'Autrieve turned upon the question, whether a
slave was bound to aid in the defence £>f the
country. There was a diversity of opinion upon
that point—a diversity almost as well defined as the
geographical lines which separated the members
who took part in it. On the one sside it was said
that slaves, like free persons of color, and all others
who had physical strength, should aid in the de-
fence of ttte country, 'ihe contrary position was
maintained by southern members^ but in that de-
bate Mr. Whittlesey," who was habitually referred
to here on these questions, was asked emphatically
and directly, whether he admitted or denied that,
under the Constitution of the United States, prop-
erty was recognized in slaves. He answered—as
everylfody else that he (Mr. B.) foA known, ex-
cept in these latter times, had answered—that, for
many purposes they were property, but that for
all political purposes they were persons.
Now, if any gentleman would take the trouble
to turn to the Federalist, one of the earliest com-
mentaries upon the Constitution of the United
States, it would be s^en that Mr. JV|adison took
the viewof slaves which had been taken by southern
men ever since, that they were persons in whom
property was held; although, for some purposes,
under the Constitution of the United States, they
were regarded as persons.
Before he entered upon the examination of that
question, (lor he wished to place'the right of this
claimant upon strict legal principles,) he would
say that he, for one, would never have consented
to report tins case to the House if, in his judgment,
it did not stand upon unassailable and impregna-
ble principles of law.
it had been alleged that the Government of the
United States should not pay this claim, because
property could not be held in slaves. Here was a
Government, by the act of hiring a slave frofn the
owner, recognizing propeity in that owner; and
now, members of this House came here* and de-
nied that Pacheco held property in that slave. He
asked gentlemen to revert to the principles upon \
which cases of contract sveie everywhere deciued. !
Was not the Government botmd by its own act? J
Were not us lips sealed? Was it not estopped? !
The argumentought never to have been intioauced i
here. 1
If it should be said that the Government received
no consideration for this contract with us officer,
he (Mr. B.) would ask, if inconvenience to one
pai ty, without necessary benefit to the other,was not j
a consideration ? Who ever doubted it? Whether j
this property were worthless or ngt, it was deemed |
valuable by the owner, was recognized by the j
Government to be valuable and useful, and Gov- !
ernment made a contract for the use of it. J
It had been said that General Jesup had no au- |
thonty to order Lewis to be sent west with the ;
Indians. Did the right exist in this general to j
take "private property for public use? He (Mr. |
B.) apprehended that there v/as no doubt on this jj
point. The only question was as to -the mode
m which that right should be exercised. The ;
right was admitted by the Constitution of the ,i
Uiuted States—admitted wuh the correlative duty !
to pay lor property s6 taken. The-nght had been
admitted since the revolution m England in 16#8. i;
No one had denied it. But the modiheaiion of the j;
right under the Constitution of the United States .ji
was, that when private property was taken tor ;
public use, it should be paid lor. - i
The report of the minority of the_ committee i;
denied that the use made ot Lewis was a public ;!
USe—that was to say, it was said that he was not !-
taken lor public use. if gentlemen would look to j,
any commentary upon tne Constitution of the '
United States, or to any decisions of the English
courts, they would see that an appropiiation of j1
pnvate pioperty to public use was a taking of pri* j,
vate propeity for public use. ihe individual ,
whose property it was, certainly was not to be held ,
responsible for us appropriation by the^Govern-
ment to purposes which should be beneficial. It h
was enough that it was taken from him lor public j j
purposes by the functionaries of the Government, i.
He would now proceed to consider whether jj
General Jesup, as the commanding officer, had the ■!
right to take the slave from the owner, and send jj
| him west of the Mississippi. He held in his&tuid
| a table, which had been prepared by-one of,the
, Auditors, of the number of cases in which this
i thing had been done. It appeared from this table,
. that in eleven cases slaves had been taken* by the
, order of the commanding general, from the owner
( under similar circumstances, and had been sent
west. The owners were in every instance paid
| by the order of the War Department, out of the
! fund appropriated for the prosecution of the war.
Here were the cases; here was the recognition by
the War Department of the right of the command-
ing general so to take, for public purposes, the
slaves of the citizens of Florida.
- If gentlemen would consult the writers upon
public law, they would find that no principle was
more incontestable than that the commander of an
| army had a right to take private property fpr pub-
; he use. He would refer to Vattel in numerous
citations. He* would refer to the elder writer,
Grotius, and to all writers upon the laws of war;
by whom it was laid-down that if it be necessary
to destroy an orchard, or a field of grain, to make
a place for the encampment of the army, or the site
of a fort, or a temporary breast-work for the de-
fence of the army during the night, the command-
ing officer had a right to appropriate that private
property for public use, and to destroy it. But'he
apprehended that gentlemen need not at,this day
be told, after the numerous instances with which'
their own recolleetions would furnish them, that
the commanding officer of an army had the right
to do ail this.
That being the case, he said that no candid mind
could see in the facts, in the evidence, but one sin-
gle ground upon which this claim could be resisted;
and therefore he had felt himself authorized to
say, in the outset, that if this committee would
hear the argugient and the evidence, there was
but one solitary ground on which they coi ld vote
against this bill. * '
Mr. RUMSEY interposed, and was understood
to refer the gentleman from South Carolina to the
document, which he thought presented other
giounds of opposition to the claim, founded on
the facts of the case; one of which was, that the
emigrating agents had been directed to deliver up
the slaves to their owners.
Mi. BURT assured the gentleman from New-
York that he was perfectly acquainted with thq*
document to which he referred, and he said that*
the gentleman from Pennsylvania who had ad-
dressed the committee the other day, [Mr. Dick-
ey,] had totally misconceived the document. The
orders of the Indian Office to the agents who were
engaged in removing these Indians were, that
those slaves which belonged to the4 citizens of
Florida should be delivered to their owners, and
that those who belonged to the Seminole Indians
should be sent with their owners to the West. He
remembered the case to which reference had been
made : it was the case of an officer who was
directed by the Indian bureau to deliver certain
slaves to their owners, and who, not doing so,
was censured. The chief, Jumper, brought in
this slave Lewis. When he came in he surren-
dered him to General Jesup, and .he was imme-
diately put on the march. He said that this trans-
action occurred before the close of the war, and
that it was of a strictly military character, and
that it was not competent for the Indian agent, or
anybody else except the commander-in-chicf of
the army and navy, to interfere with the rights
and duties of the military commander in Florida.
Mr. RUMSEY said, it appeared, from the evi-
dence contained in the document, that the slave
was not hunied off to the West, as the gentleman
stated, and that he was not always kept in the pos-
session of the commanding general, from the time
of his recovery to the time of his being sent away;
but that he was under the orders of the court, and
m charge of the sheriff.
Mr. BURT asked if the gentleman wanted this
committee to understand him as saying that this
slave, Lewis, was ever withdrawn from the au-
thority of the commander-in-chief of that army?
That was the point. He was in possession of the
quartermaster, or of the emigrating agents.
Mr. DICKEY said he would like an opportu-
nity to answer that question.
Mr. RUMSEY repeated that the slave was with-
drawn from the possession of the commanding
general, and kept in the custody of the sheriff,
during the pendency of the tri&l
