128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 29.
Mr. BURT said he would give the gentleman
time, if he would take the paper on 'which" he
relied, and show the fact which he asserted.
Mr. R0MSEY repeated that he referred the
gentleman to the document, to sustain the state-
ment he had made.
Mr. BURT denied that the position of the gen-
tleman was sustained by the facts of the case,- and
repeated, that any gentleman who would candidly
, examine the document, would readily see that this
slave, Lewis, was in the possession of the com-
manding general from the time he was brought in
till he was marched west under orders of General
Jesup, who, upon demand being made for him,
had said, " Let him go west, and let the Govern-
ment pay for him."
He begged to say, in reply to the statement of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania the other day,
(with regard to the decision of the courts of Lou-
isiana, as contained in this document to which the
gentleman from New York now referred for au-
thority that those negroes were prisoners of war,)
that any one who would look at the document
would see that an application was made to the
courts of Louisiana to prevent the removal of cer-
tain slaves that were alleged to be the property of
citizens of the United States, and not to belong to
the Seminole Indians; that the process of the court
was served upon General Gaines; and that among
'other grounds, taken by General Gaines was, that
these negroes were prisoners of war, and that the
position was absolutely ridiculed by the court.
He held in l\is hand the orders of the Indian De-
partment and of the War Department, that the
slaves belonging to citizens of the United States
should be delivered to their owners. He supposed
that would answer the purpose of the gentleman
from New York. Here was a positive order that
they should be delivered up.
Well, with reference to the idea that the slaves
could be prisoners of war; General Jesup, by an
order issued to his army, gave to the Creek In-
dians who operated in that war against the Semi-
noles—with great effect in many instances—all the
slaves of the Seminoles which they should cap-
ture. And in one of the orders issued at the same
time from the same command, he offered them the
amount of twenty dollars for every slave belong-
ing to citizens of the United States that they should
.recapture from the Seminole Indians which had
. been taken from the whites; and that twenty dol-
lars was given that the Creeks should take these
slaves alive, and not kill them, as they had done
in some instances. That was what was done;
those were the orders under which the proceedings
were conducted.
Mr. RUJV1SEY again interposed, but with what
object the reporter could not hear.
Mr. BURT (continuing) stated to the committee
the facts of the case; the application made to the
courts of Louisiana,and the orders that these slaves
should not be removed until the rights of the
ownirs were satisfied; and what more did the gen-
tleman want? What more, he asked, could he show?
That was all of the case.
But he came now very briefly to notice what
had been very candidly admitted by the gentleman
_from New Hampshire to be the main ground of
those who oppose this claim, viz: that slaves were
not property under the Constitution of the United
States. That gentleman had asked him to point
out the difference between a slave and an appren-
tice. '
Mr. ASHMUN interposed, and asked if the
gentleman from South Carolina would allow him,
before he proceeded to the next point in his argu-
ment, to ask him a question.
Mr. BURT. Certainly.
Mr. ASHMUN said, for the sake of argument,
admitting the point the gentleman was now about
to argue, that slaves were property, and that the
Government of the United States had the right to
take private property for public use, and was bound
to pay just Compensation for it: he desired the gen-
tleman to inform him to what public use this private
property was put.
Mr. BURT was understood to say he would do
so with great pleasure, and that that was the very
point to which he had been directing his remarks.
Mr. ASHMUN said he had understood the gen-
tleman that the only alleged public use which was
made of the slave was, that he had. been taken
from Florida, after having been liberated from
captivity by General Jesup, and by General Jesup
sent beyond "the Mississippi, and sent because
General Jesup thought he would be a mischievous
person at home. That was the only public-use
which had been made of the slave. Now, let him
ask the gentleman, if General Jesup ha.ckcaptu'red
from the chief, Jumper, one of his [Mr. Boot's]
slave*, what General Jesup would have done?
Would he have had the authority—the arbitrary,
supreme, uncontrolled authority—to send the gen-
tleman's slave beyond the Mississippi?
Mr. BURT replied, that with every disposition
in the world, he assured the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, to be respectful and courteous to him,
(and he could not be otherwise,) the very object
of his citation* from Vattel.and#Grotius had been
to show that a commanding general had the right
to take private property for purposes necessarily
connected with his military expedition. He held
these authorities in his hand; they were ample
and abundant. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts, he knew, was a very excellent lawyer, arid
he must have seen, in his researches into publifc
law, and even into the commentaries upon the
Constitution of his own country, that the " public
use" which was intended by the Constitution,
was any public purpose whatever. If the gentle-
man would look to the consideration which con-
stituted the. obligation of a contract, he begged
him to remember his Blackstone—that inconve-
nience to the one party, as well as advantage to
the other, was a consideration. But the consider-
ation here was, he thought, of a very high char-
acter. It was no capricious exercise of military
power by the commander-in-chief of the army,
but it was a discreet exercise of authority vested
in him as connected with that war, and indispens-
able to the termination of the war. This man
Lewis was deemed a mischievous person; he was
deemed a person of infamous chaiacter; he was
suspected of having betrayed the command of
Major Dade; and General Jesup said, if he had
had time, he would have had him hung for that.
He ^General Jesup) believed he was so dangerous
a person as that it was necessary, for the public
interest, as that it was indispensable to the termi-
nation oY that war, that he should be sent off with
Jumper, who claimed him.
Mr. ASHMUN-desired to put to the gentleman
from South Carolina one single question. If Gen-
eral Jesup had hung this- man Lewis, would the
owner have been entitled to pay? Would that have
been a "public use," and the Government have
been liable for his value ?
Mr. BURT, (continuing.) Ah! He asked the
gentleman from Massachusetts if he sought to es-
cape through that hole? Did General Jesup hang
him ? He (Mr. B.) preferred to argue the case: he
meant to stick to the case. If General Jesup had
hung him, perhaps they never would have heard
of the chum here. But he would say to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, that in all the slave-
holding States, as far as he was informed, where a
slave was executed, except for a few specified capi-
tal offences, the owner was compensated. Tiiere
I were a few crimes so heinous and atrocious, that
! when they were committed the owner was not
! compensated; but otherwise he was.
He would proceed in his remarks (which" were
somewhat broken by the course of interrogatories
addressed to him) to the point whether slaves were
considered as property by the Government. He
held in his hand an extract 'from the act of 1815,
imposing direct taxes, which was to be found in
the 3d volume United States Statutes", page 172.
He would read an extract from section 24:
" That the annual amount of the tnxca po assessed shall
constitute a hen upon all the real estate and all Ike slaves of
individuals who may be assessed for the bame/'
There was not only a tax imposed upon slaves
as property, but it was made to constitute a lien
upon each slave for two years from the time the
tax law was passed. Well, in the 29th section of i
the act, it was provided— . !
Pr0Rertv shall not *el! for the amount of the taxes :
U snailbe lawjul to buy it in for the Government of the United '
ataies." J \
( And he would suggest to gentlemen—not on his !
i own observation, to be sure, but on the informa- '
j tion of others—that there were cases in which
| these slaves were sold for taxes not only, but in I
which they were actually bought in by the Gov- i
ernment of the United States. He apprehended |j
that the act of 1815 was some evidence on this j
subject.
But he remembered that in *1827, when the
D'Autrievc case was before this House, a very
djatingui'shed gentleman from Virginia, who was
not more remarkable for his extraordinary genius
than for his great benevolence—for, eccentric as
he was, his heart was ever true to real purposes of
benevolence—he remembered that John Randolph,
when itowas sought, in 1827, in the case of D'Ati-
trieve, to 'question the right of property of the
South in their slaves, said," in this Half, "it was a
question he would not condescend to answer, and
hoped no southern man would Answer it." Al-
though he (Mr. B.) was one of that class who, he
knew, were considered of rash and fiery spirit on
questions of this kind, he proposed, very briefly,
to submit some arguments on this point. He was
not willing, God knew, to favor any purposes of
agitation. The South eould not agitate; it could
only defend; it had no power to assail. He said
in that spirit he met the assault which was made
by the gentleman from New Hampshire, in which
he met the assault made by the minority of this
committee. The gentleman fromJNew Hampshire
had asked him, with an air of seeming great con-
fidence, how he could explain the faet, that he
j (Mr. B.) and his colleagues were here in greater'
! -numbers, in proportion to the white population
j they represented, than the numbers of Represent-
! atives on this floor from the New England States
| representing the same amount of white population,
j The gentleman very well knew that provision of
j the Constitution by which, in the enumeration of
i persons to constitute the basis of representation,
I slaves were included; and the gentleman knew,
: that in that number^ two-fifths of those who were
slaves were not included, because to that extent,
under the Constitution of the United States, they
were not persons, but property. And that gave
suggestion to the idea of Mr. Madison, that these
" slaves are persons in whom property is held."
[j But the gentleman from New Hampshire had
|; asked him if he could tell why it was that an ap-
j1 prentice who was draughted into the army, or who
i| was otherwise called upon to aid in the defence of
j] the country, and who was slain, or why a child
jj who was slain under these circumstances, was not
II paid for by the Government, and a slave should
| be paid for? And the gentleman had rested his
argument on what he said was a great principle of
j natural right. Now, the distinction between an
: apprentice and a slave was recognized by the Con-
' stitution of the United States; the one was de-
scribed as a u person held to laborand the other
as a "persons held to service." " Held to service,,y
he begged to suggest to this House, was a techni-
cal phrase.
_ But he would like to know what was that prin-
ciple of natural right to which the" gentleman re-
ferred, that authorized a father to control the service
of hischild until he was twenty-one years of age—
what was that principle of natural right? He
would, however, answer the question, by suggest-
ing to the minds of this committee, that if one
entice from his master an apprentice, or from a
parent his child, during the time he was held to
11 service under the laws of the country, was he not
j liable for it? Did any one suppose that in these
j cases the person so enticing would not be bound
I to make compensation ? Why, before an assem-
j bly comprising so many lawyers, he could not
j think of arguing such a proposition.
j But the gentlpman from New Hampshire had
j said, that if a slave was killed in the service of
| thecountry, he stood in precisely the same category
i as the child or the apprentice. Well, it was not for
! him (Mr. B.) to argue that question. It was not
! presented by this case. The slave was not killed
I here, but was deliberately withheld from the own-
er. He might as well enter into a metaphysical and
I foo;gy argument with the gentleman from New
I Hamphire about those principles of natural rights
| which seemed to float through his imagination, as
j to discuss with him questions totally irrelevant
j and collateral which might be raised. He pre-
1 ferred—for the time would not allow him, if he had
( the inclination to such disputations—he preferred
, to argue the case; and he asked the committee to
f decide the case, and to decide it upon its facts, and
upon the principles of law and justice.
But if the act of 1815, which he had cited*
thus distinctly admitted that there was property in
slaves, so also did every treaty which* the United
States had made with foreign Powers at the ter-
mination of a war where slaves had been taken.
