THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
PRINTED AND
PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
30tb Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 3, 1849.
In both the treaties with Great Britain, in the
treaties with the various Indian tribes, these slaves
were regarded as property, and the stipulation had
been made to the Government by the foreign Power
thatthey should be delivered up. Gentlemen talked
about the slaves at the close of the revolutionary
war: did they not know that, by the treaty conclu-
ded by Franklin, John Adams,and John Jay,and
by the subsequent treaty concluded by John Q,uin-
cy Adams—the treaty of 1815—these persons were
^ treated as property and recognized as property ? If
the gentlemen had taken the trouble to read the
quotation from the language of John Gtuincy Ad-
ams, embodied in this report, they would have
seen that he declared that slaves were property—
private property—and,assuch,4hat they were "not
properly prizes in war." Under both the treaties
with Great Britain, then—the treaty at the conclu-
sion of the revolutionary war, and of the last war—
these slaves were surrendeied to their owners, and
upon the demand of the Government of the United
States, or compensation was made.
He went to the decisions of the Supreme Court
of,the United States, and he appealed to every
lawyer, to every man of intelligence, if the ad-
missions of eastern judges, of Story, and Baldwin,
of Chief Justice Parker of the Supreme Court of
Massachusetts, and of the Judges of the Supreme
Courts of Pennsylvania and New York, were not
abundant, explicit, direct, that they did hold prop-
erty in these slaves; that the stipulation of the Con-
stitution as to the surrender of fugitive slaves was
indispensable to the preservation of that property;
and if tire emphatic declaration of Judge Baldwin,
that " if the Government owes a duty to its citi-
z ns, it owed the duty of surrendering up fugitive
slaves,"—if these high ajithoritieS"should not be
considered conclusive upon the question of the
right of property in slaves r He should like to
know what gentlemen supposed was contemplated
by that stipulation in the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States for the surrender of fugitive slaves, if it
was not that their owners had property in them.
Why, what was property? That which might be
possessed, used, and disposed of. Property was not
created by law, but by the usages and understand-
ing of communities. There were but three differ-
ent kinds of property recognized in the Constitu-
tion of the United States; and it was singular that
that Constitution should have recognized slaves as
property for one of these three cases—the three
being property in slaves, in literary productions,
aod in mechanical inventions. Property in slaves,
then, was one of the three species of property which
■was expressly recognized by the Constitution of
the United States.
The hour here expired, and Mr. Bdrt resumed
his seat.
Mr. DICKEY iv.oved that the bill be reported
£o the House, with a recommendation that it do
not pass.
And on that motion he*said he would ask for
tellers; who were appointed.
The question was then taken, and decided in the
negative: Ayes 44, noes 70.
So the House decided that the bill should not
be reported to the House with a recommendation
that it do not pass.
Mr. VAN DYKE inquired of the Chair if it
was now irt order for him to move an amendment?
The CHAIRMAN said it was in order,
Mr. VAN DYKE then moved to amend the
bill, by striking out the sum of one thousand dol-
lars therein appropriated, and iifeertmg, in lieu
thereof, " one cent."
Mr. VAN DYKE, in explanation, said that
he had voted in favor of the motion which ha,d
just been rejected, to report the bill to the House
with a recommendation that it do not-pass. But
he begged lea e to say, that he had riot done so
Upon the ground that he did not suppose slaves .to
be property.
The CHAIRMAN here interposed, and was
understood to suggest that the motion which the
gentleman had submitted was out of order, be-
cause it was tantamount to the destruction of the
bill.
9
New Series No. 9..
Mr. VAN DYKE then modified his motion, by
striking out one cent, and substituting Jive hundred
dollars, being the half of the sum appropriated in
the bill.
The CHAIRMAN said that motion would be
in order.
R#r. VAN DYKE then proceeded with his e*x
planation. He desired to say, that upon the ques-
tion whether a slave was property or not, he had"
no doubt. He had not voted, and should not vote,
against the bill on any such grounds. He had no
doubt that if the Government of the United States,
recognizing the right in certain States of the Union
to make slaves property, went, in case of war, to
those States where, by the local laws, slaves were
property, and'impressed them into its service, and
the property thereby got lost or destroyed, he had
no doubt that the Government was as much bound
to pay for th,ese slaves as for any other property
it might take. But ho had looked in vain in the
present case for the evidence of such impressment.
He had read both the reports; he had listened to
the arguments; and he confessed he could not find
any such impressment as would justify the owner
of this slave in calling upon this Government for
compensation. That was the reason why he had
voted against the allowance made in the bill. He
did not find that the case had been made out.
There was no impressment. This man was vol-
untarily placed in peril by the owner, for a hjgh
remuneration. He himself took the risk; and if
the slave was killed, he could not come upon
the bailee for compensation. He (Mr. V. D.) nad
seen the evidence of no attempt on the part of the
owner to establish his right to his slave through
the courts of the country after his recapture, and
if General Jesup took upon himself to order him
t<5 be sent to the .West, he transcended his author-
ity, and the remedy lay between the owner of the
slave and the individual. The Government was
only bound for the legal acts of its agents; it was
not bound for their unlawful acts. If, therefore,
General Jesup exercised authority which was not
legal, and if, while doing so, the owner made no
effort to recover his property beyond asking for
it, it was the fault of the owner, and he could not
come on this Government for redress.
Mr. V. D. then withdrew his amendment.
Mr. STANTON moved that* the committee
rise.
Which motion having been agreed to, the com-
mittee rose, and reported the bill to the House,
without amendment.
Mr. BURT demanded the previous question;
which was seconded. v
The main question was ordered to be now taken.
Mr. CROWELL inquired of the Speaker, if it
would now be in order to move that the bill be
laid on the table.
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. CROWELL submitted that motion.
Mr. VENABLE and other members asked the
yeas and nays; which were ordered.
And the question, Shall the bill be laid upon the |
table? was taken, and resulted—yeas 66, nays85—
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs-. Abbott, Ashman, Bingham, Blackmar,
Cathcart, Collamer, Conner, Crovve!I, Dickey, Dixon, Duer,
Embree, Nathan Evans, Fisher, Fries, Giddings, Gott, Grm- j
nell, Hale, Nathan K. Hali, James G. Hampton, Henry,
Hubbaid, Hudson, Jenkins, James H. Johnson, KeJIoeg,
Kennon, Daniel P. Km<?, Lahm, Sidney Lawrcnee, Leffler,
Lincoln, McClelland, Horace Mann, Marsh, Marvinj Moi-
ris, Mulhn, Palfrey, Peaslep, Peek, Petrie, Pollock, Putnam,
Richey, Robmson, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Root,
Rurnsey, St John, Sawyer, Sehenck, SUvestw, Smait,
Truman Smith, Starkweather, Thuiston, Tuck, Van Dyke,
Vinton, Warren, Wentvvorth, White, and Wilson—65.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Barrmger. Bay! v,Bocock, Botts,
Bowlm, Bojd, Bo\don, Brady, Bridges, William G. Brown,
pharles Brown, Albeit G. Brown, Burt, Butler, Cah ll,
Canby, Clapp, Franklin Clark, Beveily L. Clarke, Ciing-
man,* Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cocke, Cranston, Crozier,
Darling, Dickinson, DonneJI, Gnmeit Duncan, Dunn, Ed-
wards, Alexander Evans, Farrelly, Featherston, Ficknn,
Flournoy, French, Fulton, Games, Go«gtn, Green, Willard
P. Hall, Haminons, Harmanson, Harris, Hill, George S.
Houston, fuse, frvin, Iverson, Jameson, Andtew Johnson,
Robert W. Johnson, George W. Jones, Kaufman, Thomas B.
King, La Sfcre, Lumpkin, McDowell, McLane, Job Mann,
Morse, Murphy, Peyton, Pilsbury, Preston, Richardson. 1
Boekhili, Roman. Rose, Shepperd", Stanton, Stephen*, C, >
E. Stuart, Taylor, Thibodeaux, Thomas, James Thompson,
achard Vi. Thompson, Toombs, Veiiable, Wallace, Wick.
Williams, and Woodward—S3. '
So the House decided that the bill should not be
laid on the table.
The question then recurred on the main ques-
tion, wbicii was on ordering the bill to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
And the question having been taken, the bill
was ordered to a third reading at this time.
Mr. GIDDINGS rose and moved a reconsid-
eration of that vote.
On this motion (he said) he desired to submit a
few remarks, It was now thiee o'clock. He was
willing either to postpone his remarks to another'
day, or to proceed with thera, as might be the
pleasure of the House.
Mr. CROWELL (Mr_Gir>jDiNos yielding the
floor for that purpose) moved that the House
adjourn.
Mr. STANTON moved that when the Houso
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Tuesday next.
Mr. EMBREE asked the yeas and nays on the
last named motion; which were refused.
And the question being taken thereon, it was
decided in the affirmative.
So it was resolved that when the House adjourns,
it adjourn to meet on Tuesday next.
The question then recurred and was taken on
the motion of Mr. Crowei.l, that the House do m
now adjourn.
But the House refused to ad journv
Mr. GIDDINGS then resumed the floor, and
proceeded to address the House.
He said he well understood the inconvenience to
which he was subjecting- himself as well as the
House by proceeding with his remarks to-day;
and had it not been for the importance of the prin-
ciples involved in this bill, be should not have in-
truded upon the patience of the House. But there
were questions involved highly important in his
view, and he should consider himself derelict in
his duty if he permitted himself to sit in silence
when it was possible for him to express his views
upon them. And he would say to gentlemen, and
to gentlemen of the North on the present occasion,
that if they would look into this question and in-
vestigate it, there would, in his opinion, be but one
sentiment among all parties and all men. It was
the dread of investigation on such' matters tha,
created the differences of opinion that existed
among them. It was because they did not refer to
the fundamental principles upon which the Gov-
ernment had been established that they imbibed
sentiments so conflicting as these which had been
manifested here to-day.
At the foundation* of this Government great
truths wereiasd down, which every man here this
day either adhered to or rejected. He did not
refer to the formation of the State governments,
but of the Federal Government of the United
States; and it was declared as a fundamental prin-
ciple that these truths were held to be self-evident,
" that all men were created equal." Tell him not
that men differed upon principles or practice. Here
were fundamental truths-sabout which there could
be no difference of opinion. He did not now in-
terfere with the slaveholder: he did not mean to
take hold of the subject there; but he was setting
forth the principles upon which this Federal Gov-
ernment was instituted. lie spoke to the coun-
try; and permit him to assure gentlemen that he
spoke to an audience that would hear him, whether
members of this House would listen to him or not.
Fie felt conscious, before God, that there was an
audience tifet would hear him—which had listened
to him before, and which would still continue to
listen to him.
He said, then, that every individual—he. cared
not whether he was Whig or Democrat, whethf r
he came from the North or the South—every indi-
vidual on this floor either held to the fundamental
truth that "all men are created equal." or they de-
nied it. Let them tell him not that they held to
this important and fundamental truth, and yet. un-
dertake to legislate for the oppression of their-fel-
low-men, and involve his people and the peopls
