132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 2,
principle adopted by Congress, must array his own !
forces, and call out his neighbors to resist by force I
an ofScer backed by the bayonets under-his com- |
mand. This would necessarily bring on a collision j
between individuals and officers-of the Govern-
ment. You tell the citizen that he shall have no
redress unless he protects his own property, or
runs,the venture of finding the officer responsible
in.a pecuniary point of view, and capable of ma-
king compensation. I think the proper rule would
be this, that when an officer of the army or of the i
navy directs the destruction of the property of an j
individual, the Government should make compen- 1
sation by paying the value of the property. This j
case differs essentially from that of Center, upon J
th'e principle that the Government should be held j
liable to pay only the value of the property at the i
time of its destruction. At the time when the
more vindictive damagea-r-they should be held re-
sponsible for those acts in their individual capacity.
I suppose that this attempt to stand before the
treasury and to resist such claims as this will be
utterly useless; but I cannot consent, by any vote
of mine, to give countenance to any principle in-
volvingsucli monstrous consequences as I am satis-
fied must ensue from its adoption.
Mr. RUSK. I think that the complaint of the
Senator from New Hampshire against the officers
of the army and navy is not deserved. Those
officers, it is true, in time of war are placed in very
responsible situations, when it becomes their duty
in the defence of the country to adopt all the
means which they deem necessary for the pur-
pose. They have the powers of Government, as
has been justly remarked, under their control, so
far as their command extends. What- is the citi-
property in that ca3e was destroyed, it was actu; j! zen to do if an officer of the navy or army, judg-
ally woith nothing, because there was evidence lo
show that it u'ouiu hav  fallen immediately into
the hands of the enemy. In this case the property
could have been saved had not the officer directed
its destruction. He, believing that the interests of
the service to which he was attached required its ;
destruction, gave the order; and shall we now say I
that we will make no compensation because he i
misjudged, and that the individual whose property j
was thus destroyed ought to have stood by and !
defamled his property in opposition to the author-
ity of the officer? I-or these reasons, I think the
case is distinct from that.of Center, and that we
ought to grant compensation.
Mr. HALE, "f know it is a very hopeless
task to undertake to interpose propositions of law
against the proceedings of any officer of the army
or navy. Whenever he determines, in his discre-
tion or caprice, that the property of the citizen, or
the life of the citizen, should be sacrificed, the i
laws, Ihe Judiciary, and Congress itself, are silent j
before him. Take the principle which is advocated j
by the Senator from Maine, and what are ail the i
safeguards of the lart> worth before the behestsof an }
officer? He judges or thinks, or pretends to think, I
that the public interest requires the destruction of a j
man's property, or, as was done not many years
since in the navy, to think that it requires the sac-
rifice of three or four lives without the idle cere-
mony, the form of a trial by law. The command
issues from the mouth of the officer, the citizen is
at once slung up to the yard-arm of the ship. Not
a word is said, not an inquiry made; the Judiciary
itself is silent in regard to the outrage.
The principle advocated by the Senator from
Maine is monstrous. The Senator could not, with
that discretion which he possesses, have looked at
the immense consequences which must follow from
the adoption of such a principle in our national ,
legislation, as that the Government, whenever or
wheiever an officer of the army, in his caprice, !
chooses to suppose that a necessity exists for the
destruction of property, is bound to throw open the
doors of its treasury 10 pay damages to an unlim-
ited amount, when the facts of the case prove that
there was no such necessity. Why, we might as
well dispense with the dull form of law altogether,
and let our officers run according to their discre-
tion throughout the country, and thrust their uriny
into the treasury elbow deep to pay for their mis-
/ judgment or malpractices, whichever they may be
called. Sir, it appears to me thar the 'principle
stated by the Senator from Vermont is quite as far
as the Government should go in all conscience
ing that certain property might, if suffered to
remain exposed, prove injurious if not disastrous
to the service, destroys it in order to prevent it
from falling into the hands of the enemy, or to
prevent it from falling into the hands of the In-
dians, as in this case? Various cases may occur
where it wtlV be necessary for the safety of the
army to destroy property. Then the question
arises, whether the Government should be respon-
sible for the act of its officer? The principle con-
tended foj by the' Senator from New Hampshire
is, that the officer is individually liable, and re-
sponsible to the citizen, if he unnecessarily de-
stroys his properly. Well, if you carry out that
principle, you must make it apply to all cases:
how can you discriminate? It seems to me that
it would be a severe principle, when this power is
vested in an officer and he destroys the property
of a citizen under the belief that it is necessary
for the defence of the country, to hold him indi-
vidually responsible for the value of the property.
There is ample safety against an improper exercise
of power by officers of the army; if they were to
attempt to run riot, as the gentleman supposes,
disregardful of the rights of private citizens, there
is a law by which they may be punished. What
security would it be to the citizen to make the offi-
cer answerable to him for the value of the prop-
erty? The officer is at one place to-da>y, and at
another and a distant point to-morrow, conducting
his operations for the defence of an exposed fron-
tier. Is the citizen to be compelled to pursue him?
and perhaps,-after all, he finds the officer unable
to satisfy the claim, if he had the inclination to do
so, or if the claimant had recovered a judgment
against him. The Senator from Louisiana the
other day asked a question, which seemed to be
dictated by the idea that the lead which was on
board of his vessel was there for improper pur-
poses. I niade inquiry of a gentleman of my
acquaintance, how the lead happened to be there;
and in reply he wrote me a letter, which I will
ask may be read by the Secretary. I shall-feel no
hesitation in voting for this bill; for if it was a
mistake on the.part of the officer, it was, at all
events, a very "natural mistake.
The Secretary then read the following letter:
Washington, January % 1849.
Dear Sir: Agieeably to your request, I give you a state-
ment ot my knowledge of the chum of John P. Baldwin,
E*q., owner of ihe Spanish brig Gil Bias. Mv portion as
an officer of the customs at Key West when 'the ca*e oc-
curred, made me familiar with all the circumstances, and I
recollect them distinctly. The brig was from Cuba, b'ound
to Old Spain. She was partly laden, and went ashore at
• , . ... o  ,     -• > viu uanyic ai
ana mat is, it it turn out that the necessities of the nighl m boisterous weather on the main beach of Floiuta
case required the exercise of the power of sum- ' A    ■ •
manly destroying the property, the Government
should pay, and not till then. But the principle
advocated by the Senator from Maine is unlimited
m its application. How is it, where there is an
assault made upon a private individual, or a case
of false imprisonment by an officer of the army?
Why, in such case it has always been the practice,
where the circumstances did not justify the impris-
onment, that the offieer should be held to answer
in damages to the party aggrieved. And the ju-
dicial records will show that after the restoration
of peace, officers have had to answer to the civil
tribunals for the abuse of their arbitrary power
Well, that is going far enough: let them stand on
a;level with other citizens of the Republic And
J. they have committed improper acts, no matter
whether backed by bayonets and military power
or, not—indeed this would be but an a^ravation
ot th« wrong, and should render -them liable to
Hear Hillsborough fillet. A large quantitv of pig lead was
on board ot her. The master, with the assistance ot wreck-
ers, saved most of the caigo and few of ihe materials, and
sold them at Key West to |>aysalva?e and expenses; where
he aUo sold the brig as she lay, with everything on board
ltad included. Mr. Baldwin purchased her at auction at a
good bargain, made proper arrangements for saving every-
thing, and would have done so had not the officers of the
Unned Suites burnt her. Indian hostilities would not have
prevented it. Florida wreckers, throughout the Florida war,
t epeatedly saved property and life stranded on this lieaeh!
It was not the seat of war, and but lew Indians visited it. I
feaw and convened with some of the offlceis detailed to
burn the Gil Bias, and it was done to prevent the Indians
from possessing themselves of the lead. I notice that an
honorable and distinguished Senator; in the debate some
day last week, made some inquiries of one of the Senators
Irom Florida, which indicated a suspicion that the vessel i
may have been hovering on the coast to supply the Indians
with lead. I can assure you that there is not the > lightest
reason to suppose sued was the fact. The facts of this ease
are succinctly and very fairly stated in a report of the hon-
orable Senator Phelps, made January 14 ]&47 j*Jq 5&
reports or Sen. Com. lwe-'47. The principle mWtainedYn
that report, that the citizen is not entitled to remuneration
tor his propurty destroyed by an-officer of the army or navy
under the ill-founded apprehension of its being taken and
used by an enemy, if it be sound, covers this case fully.
A report of ftie Hon. Mr. Gikdi^gs, of the House of Rep-
resentatives, July TO, 1840, No. 698, twenty-filth Congress
fiist session, in this ca^e, maintains a different principle, and
re&ises the claim on .the ground that if the property had not
been destroyed by the naval officers it would have been de-
stroyed by ihe Indians-. It was erroneous in lespect to such
being the fact in this case. Except those who destroyed ih<*
vessel, no one had any idea of its being taken possession of
by the Indians; and they expressed mere apprckensions only •
of such a result,
01 the value of the property destroyed, and which, but for
being burnt, Mr. Baldwin would have saved, say at least
twelve hundred dollars, there can be no question. The sale
at auction and the appraisement made, both specifying the
articles-, by two of the most respectable merchants ol Key
West, selected by the judge of the county court of that place,
is full proof; and the claimant, though continually petition-
ing Con^res<, has been delaj ed i enumeration for twelve years
and upwards. I have no interest in the case whatever, and
this effort in Mr. Baldwin's-behalf is made without hta
knowledge. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
B. R. MALLOKY.
Hon. Senator Rusk.
Mr. RUSK said he had also another letter re~
specting the. claim from a gentleman in this city
having knowledge of,the facts, which he regarded
as furnishing testimony of its justice. The letter
was as follows;
Washington, Jan. 2,1849.
Sir: S. R. Mallory, Esq., the collector of the customs at
, Key West, has shown me his letter to you respecung Mi.
John P. Baldwin's case before the Senate. As you once
made a favorable report on this cjaim, there is no indelicacy
m my stating that I was at Key West about the time of the
transaction, and the facts are notorious to everybody there.
It is simply a case of the burning and destruction of ai>
individual's property by naval officers in time of war, under
a mistaken appiehension that the eneinymight take posses-
sion of it and u*e it. And the sole question is, whether
that individual should bear the loss or look to the officer
only ft* redress; or whether the United States will indem-
nify him for the mistaken though honest act of its officers?
The inventory and appiaiseinent on file among the papers
is as-follows:
6 tons iead $480
5 do. kentledge  loo
31 water casks  75
3 anchors  15
2 cham cables  300
Hull, sails, rigging, &e .    170
Total    1^00
You will notice the hull of the vessel is not taken into
account, as the sails and rigging of such a vessel are only
charged at $170, It was not anticipated that the hull could
be got afloat, but all the other articles could have been saved
without difficulty by the wreckers, if she had been let alone
by the navy officers, and there was not the slightest danger
to be apprehended from the Indians. M r. Baldwin could have
saved and carried lo Key West the articles above specified*
at a small expense, and realised much more than their val-
uation. The merchants that made the valuation under oalh.
are all men of the highest character. Payment of this just
claim has been delayed to a just man for more than tweive
years; and I can assure you that your continued efforts m
his behalf will be worthily bestowed.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
„ T m „ J. W. SIMONTON.
Hon. 1. J. Rcsk, Senate U. S.
Mr. PHELPS.said he had before him the report
referred to in the communication just read, and hd
asked for the reading of u.
The report was read by the Secretary.
Mr. MASON. I do not mean to detain the
Senate long in what I have to say, but having re-
ported this bill by the direction of the Committee
of Claims, I do not feel at liberty to rfefrain from
answering what has fallen from the honorable
Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Phelps.] The case
is this: The petitioner claims to be reimbursed for
certain property destroyed by order of an officer in
the military or naval service of the United States. I
, suppose there can be no' question, either in law or
| justice, that where private property has been de-
sUoyed by order of an officer in the service of th&
Government—the officer being and acting in the
proper discharge of his duty—the Government is
bound to reimburse the owner. I suppose there
can be no question about that. The Senator from
I \ ermont says that the mere fact of the destruc-
j tion of the property does not entitle the claimant
! to reimbursement; but it must be shown that the
| officer who destroyed the property was moving in
! proper sphere of his duty. Now, how can
! this fact be shown ? It seems to me that it can be
j shown very easily, both by the statement of 4ha
; officer himself, and by reference to the circum-
; stances under which the property was destroyed,
j What were these circumstances? This Govern-
ment was engaged in an expensive Indian war,
carried on at the time in the Territory of Florida.
The Indians were seeking opportunities of escape
from the arms of the United States in some in-
stances, and .for opportunities of committing dep-
redations upon individuals in other®. The his* 
