1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Bat, sir, error in judgment, if not malice and wan-
tori acts, are imputed to them. But what are
. the facts? This was at^the breaking out of the
war. -it was in eighteen hundred and 'thirty-six,
when the Indians were lurking in ambush in un-
known and inaccessible positions.- It was before
any troops had been,sent upon that section of the
coast. When the officers were in ignorance (as
all the officers of the army and navy were) of the
character of the contest in which they were to be
engaged, a small band of Indians had made their
appearance in that part of the peninsula, and the
presumption was that they would seize upon the
military stores contained in the vessel.- I say, sir,
that when we take into consideration all the cir-
cumstances of the case, it would be unjust to im-
pute to those officers anything like malice or wan*
tonness in the destruction of these stores. They
acted bona fide. They did what they deemed to
be their duty. They did what they thought was
proper and right. They were governed by honest
impulses. Their intentions were patriotic inten-
tions. But it has been shown that the destruction
of the property was unnecessary. It has beert
satisfactorily proved that there was no danger at
that time. But subsequently, when the Indians
were driven to that end* of the peninsula by Gen.
Taylor and General Jesup, they committed great
depredations. They burnt a light-house at Flori-
da Key and sacked Indian Key, and murdered its
inhabitants. They were driven to the seacoast by
Generals Taylor and Jesup, and roamed along the
shore, burning, and plundering, and seizing every-
thing within "their reach. But at the commence-
ment of the war, the Indians at the lower end of
Florida committed no hostilities, and were not, in
fact, hostile at that time. It was in the upper por-
tions of the peninsula that4the Indians commenced
hostilities, and to those portions they for some
time confined their operations. But the officers
who ordered the destruction of this vessel thought
there was danger there at the time, and they acted
in good faith. I have no idea that the honorable
Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Walker] intended
.to impute to these officers anything unjust, or to
accuse them of malicious and wanton conduct; but
\ I have deemed these remarks necessary to a fair
understanding of the circumstances under which
they acted.
Mr. WALKER. I certainly did not intend to
charge, upon my individual responsibility, any-
thing like corruption, malpractice, fraud, collu&ion,
or anything else upon these officers; but I was,
 speaking of the evidence before us, and it is to tnat
to which I proposed to confine myself; and if I
was understood to say any thing against the offi-
cers in this case, all the answer I would have made
N to my honorable friend from Florida [Mr. West-
cott] would be, that I charged it upon the testi-
mony of the memorialist, for he has furnished the
evidence of what I did not profess to say on my
own responsibility. In regard to the evidence
here, as the memorial presents it, I say it takes
the "case out of the principle of the rule which I
. have mentioned, and furthermore, it makCs out a
case of wanton and malicious mischief against
the qfficer. I presume we are to judge from
the memorial,-and, judging from it, the only ques-
tion for the Senate to decide is this—(and 1 will
remark that if this bill is allowed to pass, it will
be followed up by claims innumerable)—that what-
ever rash or wanton act an officer ot the army or
navy may be guilty of, wc lake upon ourselves the
consequences of the act. ^ou cannot present a
stronger case than this.
There might be other cases where the plaintiff
might come forward and prove a ease of unneces-
• sary destruction of property, and at the same time
ask remuneration, but they could be no stronger
than this; and if this bill can pass, there is no act
of an officer which the Government hereafter,
■ taking this as a precedent, will not feel itself bound
to endorse. And this is the point upon which I
ask Senators* to reflect. This is no^ great sum for
the great Government of the United States, but it
is a great precedent. There is a great piinciple
involved in it, and we should reflect seriously
whether we will, hi this manner, endorse the un-
authorized, unjustifiable, and, by the testimony of
the memorialist, wanton acts of a military onicer,
and make remuneration without first turning the
officer over to'a legal examination, in order that
fts conduct may be investigated, and if proved to
be wanton and unjust, subjecting him to the re-
sponsibility and pecuniary loss consequent upon
it. I use these terms, not upon my individual
'responsibility, for i have heard the name of the
officer for the first time when mentioned by the
honorable Senator from Florida, [Mr. Westcott,]
but upon the testimony adduced here*, and I con-
clude by saying that the point is, whether the
Government of the United States, through its Con-
gress, will take upon itself the responsibility of
endorsing the unauthorized, and, according to the
testimony here^iven, unqualifiedly wanton act of
an officer, in the destruction of private property.
Mr. WEBSTER. Mr. President, this belongs
to a class of cases very numerous, and which have
been discussed by Congress for thirty years, in
which necessary distinctions are to be stated and
drawn. This is not taking private property for
public use. There is no taking to the use of the
United States in the case. The facts £ suppose to
be, that military officers, or legally commissioned
officers of the United States, destroyed this lead to
prevent, as they say, its being not destroyed, but
seized by a public enemy, and converted to ,the
use of an enemy hostile to the United States.
Now, in the first place, there is no doubt of the
ownership of the petitioner in the property, and,
although the vessel containing it was wrecked
upon the sands of Florida, there is no doubt that
the value, to a great extent, still subsisted in that
piopeity. It was not lost by the storms of the
occan, nor derelict, nor abandoned by the pro-
prietor. it was, therefore, property. Now, the
property has been destroyed, the owner has lost
it, and he has lost it without fault of his own. It
has been destroyed by officers of this Government,-
and the question is, whether it has been destroyed
in such manner as that nobody is answerable for
it—for there tfiay be cases of that kind—or whether
it has been destroyed under circumstances which
make the officers giving the command for its de-
struction answerable, and rendeiing them alone
answerable; for there may be eases of that sort.
And then, again, it may be a case in which the
Government itself is answerable to the owner and
loser of the property. I say nothing, sir, now, of
the proved value of this property. The committee
were judges of that, and in that respect, Congress
judging for itself, and nobody being able to control
its judgment in its own case, there is no great fear
of an over-valuation.
Now, sir, I wish merely to state my own opin-
ion upon cases of tins sort, in oider that 1 may let
every one understand what governs my vote m this
case. I do not think that there can be any such
definite and mathematical rules laid down in these
cases as may be desired. There are certain known,
acknowledged qualifications, which must accom-
pany almost every proposition of public law an-
nounced in regard to such cases. I take the true
doctrine to be this: that, if it be clear and manifest-
that the property would have been seized by the
enemy, at any rat'e, if it had not been destroyed,
then neither the officer nor the Government of the
United States is answerable. If it be plain to
common apprehension, and to the satisfaction of
every intelligent and candid mind, that the enemy
would have seized the property, if neither the
Government of the United States nor its officers
had destroyed it, then neither the Government nor
its officers are answerable.
In the second place, 1 think, sir, the rule to be
as applicable to this ease, that it it be now "doubtful
whether the enemy would have been able to seize
the properly or not, if it had not been destroyed,
and ytt, if it appear that the officer destroying the
• property acted honestly and fairly, under the cir-
cumstances of the case, discreetly in making such
destruction, then the Government ought to indem-
nify the owner; and, upon the whole, that is the
judgment 1 have come to upon tins case-.
Further, sir, I think that, if the officer was
plainly acting unnecessarily in destroying the
property—wantonly, recklessly—in such case, he
could not justify himself as acting under his public
authority, nor would the Government be respon-
sible for his act. It would, in that case, stand on
the ground of private or individual trespass. ^ If
i the officer acted under the pretence of authority,^
1 and not in the honest and discreet performance ot
his public duty, for such an act he would be an-
swerable personally, and could not throw the re-
sponsibility on the Government. Jn this case, I
see no evidence whatever that the officers, m order-
ing this destruction, acted m bad faith, wantonly,
recklessly. I believe they did all, and no more lhan
all, that they supposed to be their duty; and yet
it now appears, I think, by no means clear that the
property would have been seized by the enemy, if
the officers of our own Government had not de-
stroyed it. Therefore, the inference is, that the -
property has been Jost, not by the immifientpressure
of war, or presence of"the enemy, or a flagrant
danger growingout of the action of the enemy, bat
from the exercise of an authority on the part of
the officers of the United States fairly and dis-
creetly exercised, but which, as it turned out, was
not clearly necessary in order to prevent the seizure
of the property by the enemy.
Nov/, sir, if these propositions be true, the only
question is, whether the officers in this case acted
discreetly, honestly, in good faith. The honorable
member before me, from Wisconsin, [Mr. Walk-
er,] wduld recommend that a suit be brought
against the'officer, for the damages could then be
better ascertained, and then indemnity might be
awarded by Congress, f would ask the honorable
member what would be the progress of such a
prosecution ? Suppose theyawner of this property
brought his action for trespass against Commo-
dore Dallas—although Commodore Dallas was the
superior officer, and his inferior officers destroyed
this brig in his absence, yet he approved of it, if I,
understand the case: suppose, then, the petitioner
in this case had brought his suit against Commo-
dore Dallas, and the Commodore had justified what
he did, showing that he did it as a public officer,
under a public authority, and in the discreet and
conscientious exercise of that public authority:
so far, that is a bar, I may be allowed to say,
against any recovery against him; because, for
.acts honestly done in the exercise of a public au-
thority, public agents are not answerable.
Well, then, suppose that justification should be
met by the allegation, " Whatyou say is not true.
You were not acting in the faithful and discreet
cxercise of public authority. You were acting
wantonly, recklessly. All that you say about
public authority is pretence. It was a malicious
act; and that we have found to be the fact." And
suppose that upon that issue the petitioner here—
the plaintiff m such a supposed case—should re-
cover a verdict of damages against the officer.
Then, of course, the officer could not come here
for any indemnity. The case would show upon
its face that he was entitled to no indemnity. The
case would show that it was his own unauthorized,
individual, private act, and not an act in proper
pursuance of delegated public authority.
Now, I think that all these qualifications belong
to these cases, and, as I have sail], no very plain
and strict mathematical lines can be drawn. I
think that all-the propositions must take with them
the qualifications which I have mentioned. For
one, as I see not the least reason in this case to
impute a want of good faith and honest purpose
to respectable officers who caused the destruction
of this lead; and as, on the other hand, I do not
sec clearly that the property must, in all rational
understanding, fall into the hands of the enemy if
it had not been destroyed, then I think it is a case
of the destruction of an individual's property by
officers acting fairly and honestly, who ought not
to be responsible themselves, yet a case in which
the individual ought not to suffer; and that, there-
fore, it is a case for the indemnification of this in*
dividual which this bill proposes.
Mr. KING-. Mr. President, this question -has
been discussed at very great length, and the gen-
eral principles which ought to regulate our action
upon such matters have been viewed in very dif-
ferent light?. Senators have taken very different
views of this subject. It is not my purpose to
enter at all into the examination of the merits of
the bill. I have only to say that the Government
is not in the habit of paying for property destroyed
as this was destroyed, until the whole mattei has
been officially investigated.
If the destruction of this property by an onicer
ill the service of the United States was not abso-
lutely a wanton act, if it v.t.s done in the consci-
entious discharge of his duty, the Government
then, if a judgment be o'otaititJ ng'ainsi.^him by
the claimant, may pay the amouut. \es? sir,
even on the northwestern frontier, tUbing tne late
war with Great Britain, as tii?_ honorable Senator
from Massachusetts [IVlr. \v r.^sx*.,?.] will well
recollect, where persons in league with the enemy
attempted to furnish them with supplies were
