1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
141
absolutely impossible for gentlemen, with all the
other duties which devolved upon them, thoroughly
to examine every claim which was presented to
Congress. Another consideration: as our Govern-
ment increased in territory, population,and wealth,
these claims would constantly accumulate. They
never died, for if they were defeated they would
come back to Congress year after year for fifty
years. Without meaning to say anything deroga-
tory to this or any other House, but speaking of
men as they were, and of human nat,ure as it was,
he said that in process of time a stale of things
might exist dangerous to the purity and integrity
of this House.
For these and for other reasons he was in favor
of the principles sought to be established by this bill.
But there were some guards which might be
adopted which were not in this bill. He thought
first, that the rules to'govern this board of com-
missioners should be defined. He did not think
that these commissioners should consider every
case where a man might claim anything from the
Government. It struck him that this rufe should
be laid down: that no claim should be heard,
unless first it was based upon ground of claim in
law and equity that would be allowed6by a court,
if an individual were in the place of the Govern-
ment; or, secondly, unless it was such a claim as
it had been the practice of this and other govern-
ments to allow. It seemed to him that these two
classes embraced every claim winch the commis-
sioners ought to be called upon to hear. If there
were any other claims, they must "Be those in
which men made demands upon the Government
os a matter of favor, not of right. Well, if they
■were even granted by the Government, (and he did
not say that there were not cases in which they
should be granted,) let the individuals come to
Congress, and come to Congress with the avowal
that they had no claim either in law or ill equity.
He thought, likewise, there should be a statute
of limitations. He thought, when tenyears'had
elapsed since the'claim accrued, and no petition
had been presented to Congress, that should be a
bar. The Government wanted that bar as much
for itself as in cases of individuals. Why not? It
wanted it much more; and the limitation of ten
years appeared to him very liberal.
Another consideration: Where a claim had
beert preferred to Congress, and rejected by both
branches, it should be a bar. He would not say
that a rejection by one House, or that adveise re-
ports insboth Houses even, should bar the claim;"
but where it had been rejected in one House one
year, and in the other another year, it should be
barred.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, interposed
andstated, that the bill made a provision of this
character. It provided that where claims were
rejected by this commission, and their action was
sanctioned by Congress, it should be a bar.
Mr. DUER said he proposed not only that the
adverse report of the commission, but that the ad-
verse action of both Houses of Congress, pre-
viously had, should bar these claims. He would
not burden this commission with the accumulation
of claims which had been rejected by both Houses
of Congress for fifty or sixty years. This rejection
should be considered a bar. Some injustice might
be done, (entire justice could not be done in any
case,) but he thought this rule should prevail.
He would likewise suggest now, that he did not
gee the propriety of the 14th section, with respect
to rejected claims. He could not agree with, the
gentlemanfrom Pennsylvania, that the report of the
commission ought to be binding upon Congress.
He was afraid, if this provision was insisted upon,
this bill would not be likely to pass. He himself
should be adverse to such a measure, in claims
involving perhaps a million of dollars; nor did he
see how it could practically be enforced; for he
supposed the claim could not be paid, except
by appropriation of this House, and gentlemen
must judge for themselves whether they would
vote the appropriation. He did not see, then, how
the report of the commission could be binding
•upon Congress. But he supposed Congress, unless,
there were some strong objection, would usually
pass those claims which had been passed by the
commissioners. He did not, however, see why
those claims, which were rejected by the board,
should come before Congress. ' It seemed to him
it would be placing upon Congress the same bur-
den which they had now. Why should not the
same rule prevail as prevailed, in cases between
individuals? Why should not the decision of the
board, if adverse, be final? If there was any good
ground for re-hearing, which would apply in the
courts of law, let the claimants come to Congress.
There was another suggestion which he would
mak.e; that was, whether the business of these
claims was not one, as respected the interests of
this Government, that should require all the time
and attention of an officer. He thought a special
officer should be constituted, whose business it
should be to represent the Government, and attend
to this business before the board of commissioners.
The bill .provided for the petitions being pre-
sented to Congress. Why not let the claimant
apply directly to the commissioners? There was
no necessity which he could perceive for the
claimants coming to Congress. He would have
no man come to Congress, unless he came avow-
edly with a claim which was not founded in law
or in equity. He would put the claimant in that
position; he should make that admission when lie
came to Congress.
He had thought proper to make these sugges-
tions, and he would remark, that it was a matter
of importance that this bill should be,thoroughly
considered. If there was any desire to engage in
general debate on the merits of the bill, it might
as well go oil now as at any time; but he suggest-
ed that before taking up the bill to act upon it,
section- by section, the committee should rise, and
report progress, in order to give a general oppor-
tunity for gentlemen to examine the particular
provisions of this.bill.
Mr. MOLL1N said, it had become pretty obvir
ous, he apprehended, that if private business was
to remain to be adjusted hereafter as it had been
heretofore, it would amount in a short time virtu-
ally to an absolute denial of justice to claimants.
There were now on the calendar some four or five
hundred claims, and no man would pretend that
one-fifth of that number could be disposed of by
the present Congress. What was true of this
Congress would be true of the next, and would
continue to be true of every succeeding Congress,
so long as private business was attempted to be
disposed of in this way. Upon principles of jus-
tice, therefore, it was due to their fellow-citizens
who had claims upon the Government, that they
should devise some plan by which these claims
could be more speedily adjusted. Why, the hon-
orable gentleman from Connecticut had assured
them that there were claims upon their calendar
to-day, which had been presented here year after
year for fifteen or twenty years. Upon these the
interest for the time during which the claimant
had lain out of his money amounted to more than
the original claim itself.
Mr. ROCKWELL, (in his seat.) And the Gov-
ernment pays no interest.
Mr. MULLIN, (continuing.) And the Govern-
ment paid no interest. Now, what right had the
Government, what justice was there in Congress,
tlius delaying payment to Us creditors year after
year? It some plan could be devised by which
the fights of the claimants and of the Government
could be equally protected, and these claims could
be speedily adjudicated, would it not be an achieve-
ment of the highest importance? He knew this
matter was not tree from difficulty, and that it was
almost impossible for the members of this House
to agree upon any plan by which this object
could be attained. While he concurred with the
objects which the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Claims had in view, still he differed with
him in many of the details of his plan.
The first gieat object which the gentleman had
in view was to expedite the decision of these
claims. Now, he (Mr. M.) submitted to the con-
sideration of the committee whether the bill of the
gentleman .effected this object. ^ The claims, under
this bill, were to be presented, in the first instance,
to this board. It was to take evidence, and do
what? Simply, to express an opinion whether the
claim was valid or invalid. If the board declared
in favor of the claim, it was to report that fact to
this House. What then? The claimant had to
come here, to urge his claim before the committee
and then before the House; and thus the same
delays would ensue, the same form of proceedings
would become necessary, which were now. He
desired to know what there was in the decision of
this board that would force the action of this
House any more speedily than it jiow took place?
He apprehended it would" only be charging the
claimant with the double expense and trouble of
first urging his claim before the board, and second
before Congress itself, in order to have it allowed;
in other words, to obtain the appropriation; be-
cause moneys could not be taken out of'the treas-
ury except by appropriations made by Congress;
and they could not provide a fund in advance but
of which these claims should be paid without
many objections. Here, then, was the first diffi-
culty. If every claim which was allowed by this
board had first to undergo the examination of a
committee of this House, and then to be passed
upon by the House, and appropriation by law was
required specifically for this object—had anything
been gained?—anything in point of despatch—any-
thing of protection, either of the rights of the claim-
ant or of the Government?
The difficulty also occurred, whether the decis-
ion of this board could be made binding upon Con-
gress, or whether it would be only matter of
recommendation—merely advisory—having the ef-
fect of the opinion of three men; and he submitted
whether that opinion, in the manner in which the
commission would ordinarily be constituted, would
have any more weight than the decision of respect-
able officers? He said the Committee on Claims
would often be as competent, or more competent
to investigate these claims than any three men
who would be appointed to constitute this board.
The decision of the board would have no addi-
tional weight if they were to make that decision
merely advisory.
The next object sought to be attained by tRis
bill was to relieve Congress from the burden and:
expense incident to the examination of all these
claims. Now, he submitted to this committee
whether the bill of the honorable gentleman from *
Connecticut effected that object? As he had be-
fore remarked, the claims would have to go through
all the formula to which they were now subject.
In what way, then, was this House relieved from
labor? It was true, they might be relieved from
going through the original papers, but not from
exEuriining the facts, from passing upon the recom-
mendations of the board, and deciding whether or
not the appropriations should be made.
The labor of Congress was not lessened by this
plan, and could not be lessened unless they made
the decision of this board final,either wholly or in
part. It seemed to him that there would be no
difficulty, if they organized a board, in making the
decisions of that board final up to a certain amount.
Gentlemen would find, upon examining the details
of this plan, that they could establish no arbitrary
rule to accomplish this object: that was, that ihey
could not divide the claims into classes and make
'the decision of the board final upon one class, and
merely advisory upon another class. If they estab-
lished the rule that the decisions of the board should
be final only on claims which were founded upon
strictly equitable principles, the question would
occu r whether the individual claims belonged to that
class; and if the decision of that question were left
to the board, what would it be but a mere question
of discretion on the part of the board? Who would
control that discretion? Was Congress to control
the board, and say, You have passed upon claims
which are not strictly equitable, and therefore your
decision is not final, but must be reviewed by us?
Such a distinction between claims would lead to
endless confusion, and constant conflict between
Congress^and the board.
The matter, then, was only to be determined by
a certain fixed rule; and that was, by giving the
board authority to decide finally upon claims up
to a certain amount. This rule would be plain;
and they might just as well, with as much pro-
priety, fix* the distinction in the amount as in any
other way. _ -
The gentleman from Connecticut,[Mr. Rock-
well,] in the course of his remarks, had suggested
that there would be some difficulty in controlling
the discretion of Congress—or rather he should
say, in Congress transferring its discretion to the
board of commissioners proposed by this bill. If
the claim were one which would be allowed by
law against the Government, the accounting officer
had power to dispose of it. If it was not such a
claim, then it was a question of discretion resting
in Congress in all cases, and we should not ad-
vance one step by the adoption of that rule,
livery claim became a question of discretion
whether Congress would allow it or not. Then,
