1849.
THE ■ CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
14§'
IN"SENATE.
Wednesday, January 3, 1849.
Mr. BREESE presented the, petition of Lewis
Morris, late captain of volunteers,'praying com-
pensation for military services in Mexico,; which
■was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. DIX presented the memorial of Captain B.
0. Payne, employed in the Ordnance department,
asking for a pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
THE MONROE PAPERS.
Mr. DIX. Mr. President, I have been requested
to present the memorial of Samuel L. Gouverneur,
the son-in-law and sole executor of the late James
Monroe, fifth President of the United States, pray-
ing that Congress may adopt such measures as it
may think proper to aid in the publication of the
manuscript papers which Mr. Monroe left behind
him, and which are believed to be essential to a
correct understanding of some of the most import-
ant public measures and events of his time.
The connection of Mr. Monroe with the war of
the Revolution; with the executive departments of
the Government; with its foreign negotiations; and
with the administration of the office of President
of this republic for two successive terms of four
years, makes him a part of the history of the
country during the half century be spent in its
service.
He left behind him a mass of papers partially
prepared for publication by himself—papers not
only considered essential to the elucidation of the
history of the country, but to the vindication of
many of the .great measures with which he and
his distinguished associates weie identified. The
publication of-these papers, which were intrusted
by him to his executor for the purpose, and which
the latter has been engaged in arranging, has been
partially anticipated bythe arrangements made by
Congress for the publication .of the papers of Mr.
Jeffersons Mr. Madison, and General Hamilton.
While, on the one hand, these arrangements are
likely materially to interfere with the purpose Mr.
Gouverneur was preparing to execute, they are, on
the other hand, calculated,""as he supposes, to afford
but a partial view of some of the leading measures
and transactions with which Mr. Monroe was
connected, and to render the publication of the
papers left by the latter necessary to his own vin-
dication. In this view of tl.e case, Mr. Gouver-
neur appeals to Congress to render an act of justice
to Mr. Monroe, by affording him* the same ad-
vantage which has been extended to his illustrious
associates, m giving their manuscript papers to the
world.
I felt it my duty, sir, to vote against the appro-
priations which were made for the publication of
the papers of Mr. Madison and General Hamilton,
on account of objections which, to my mind, were
insuperable. But, to the majority of this body,
who entertained no such objection to the course
adopted in the cases referred to, this petition of
J\ir. Gouverneur, 1 am sure, will address itself with
great force, and I invoke their attention to it.
As this is a*matter of public importance, and as
a like disposition was made of the petition of Mrs.
Hamilton, which I had the pleasure of presenting—
although I could not support the application it con-
tained—I move that tins petition of Mr. Gouver-
neur be printed, and referred to the Committee on
the Library.
The motion of Mr. Dix was agreed to. '
Mr. MASON presented the petition of Maria L.
JNourse, asking an allowance of interest on the
• claims of her late husband, Joseph Nourse, 5e-
ceaKcd; which was.referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. MASON presented the petition of General
Roger jones," Adjutant General of the United
States army, praying a correction of the date of his
commission, and to be allowed arrears of pay in-
cident to said correction; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WALKER presented the petition of Via-
dislaus Wankowicz, grand nephew of General
Thaddeus Kosciusko, praying that suits instituted
concerning the estate of General Kosciusko may
be removed from the circuit court of the District
of Columbia to the United States court for the
district of Maryland; which was ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Committee on- the
Judiciary.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented a memorial from
the General Assembly of Arkansas, setting forth
the advantages of a national road from Port Smith
.to Santa Fe, by way of the valley of the Cana-
dian, and asking for the passage of an act to sur-
vey said route and open a road; which "was re-
ferred to Che Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Arkansas, asking for the adoption
of measures.to protect the western portion of that
State against Indian incursions and depredations;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented the petition of
Lewis Marchand, asking indemnity for French
spoliations prior to the year 1800; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. ATCHISON presented the petition of Wil-
liam Jenks, asking the adoption in the military
service of an improved firearm of which he is the
inventor; which was referred to the Committee on
the Militia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ATCHISON presented the petition of Jas.
Duffer, asking for an increase of pension; which
was referred to tfteCommittee on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. SEBASTIAN, the papers in
the case of .Daniel Butler were withdrawn from
the files of the Seriate.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES. !
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, reported a bill to continue the
office of Commissioner of Pensions; which was
l read a first time.
Mr. J. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of James Wormley; which was
read a first time.
Mr. J. also, from the Committee on Pensions,
reported a bill for the relief of Benjamin F. Bos-
worth; which was read a first time. i
Also, from the same committee, to which was |
referred the petition of Wm. D. and Julia Aiken,
representatives of William Yool, asked that the
said committee be discharged from the further
consideiation of said petition, and- that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs; which j
was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, the
Committee on Pensions were discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of William
C. Sterrett, and it was on his motion referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, made adverse reports on the petitions of
Peter Whitmore Knaggs andJPeter Godfroy; which
were ordered to be printed.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported the bill to establish an additional
land district in the State of Missouri, with an
amendment.
Mr. BREESE, fiom the Committeee on Public
Lands, reported a bill to cause the northern bound-
ary line of the State of Iowa to be run and marked,
with an amendment.
On motion of Mr. BUTLER, the Committee on
the judiciary was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petition of Thomas Fillebrown; j
I which was referred to the Committee on Claims, i
BILLS INTRODUCED ON LEAVE.
Mr. JONES, pursuant to notice, asked and ob-
tained leave to introduce a bill granting a certain
quantity of land to the State of Iowa, for the pur-
pose of aiding said State in the construction of a
railroad from Dubuque to Keokuk, in said State;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, asked and obtained leave
to introduce a joint resolution to give three months'
extra pay to ali officers, non-commissioned officers,
musicians, and privates, of the volunteercorps, for
each term of enlistment, during the late war with
Mexico; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
NOTICE OP BILL.
Mr. JONES gave notice, that he would to-mor-
row, or on some subsequent day, ask leave to irt-
troduce a bill to authorize the laying off a town at
Trading Point, on the east bank of the Missouri
river, upon the unsurveyeddands within the State
of Iowa.
JOHN P. BALDWIN.
Mi*. BELL submitted a motion to reconsider
the vote of yesterday by which the bill for the
relief of John P. Baldwin was rej^pted. . *
The motion was laid over for further considera-
tion. « -
APPROPRIATIONS. "
A bill from the House of Representatives to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
service of the fiscal year ending June 30, 1849,
was read a first and second time, and referred.to
the Commitee on Finance.
PILOTS.
The bill to repeal the act of 1837, entitled An
act concerning pilots," was called up; and,
On motion of Mr. DAYTON, was laid on the
table for the present.
'RESOLUTIONS.
The resolution submitted yesterday by Mr.
Bradbury was taken up, considered, and agreed
to, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Claims be jmstnicttdto
inquire into the expediency of providing, by law, {or the
e?Utltlisi)ment «>f a boaid of commitssiunwrs for the settlement
ot claims of individuals against the Government of the Uni-
ted State*.
The resolutions submitted yesterday by Mr.
Clarke were taken up, and, after a brief explana-
tion by the mover, were considered and agreed to,
as follows:
Resolved, That the President of the United State a be re-,
quested to communicatc to the Senate a hat of all the
treaties o! commerce and navigation between the United
States and foieign nauons, eontening upon the ve-sets. of
such nations ih<5~nght of tiading between the United States
and th« lest of the world, in the pioductions ot eveiy coun-
tiv, upon the same terms with American vessels, with the
date of the proclamation of such treaties. Also, a lls=t of tlu 
ptoclamations confemnjr similai rights upon the vessels of
ton ism nations, lotted by th" President of the United States,
under the provisions of the fhst section of the act entitled
"An act in addition to" an act entitled 'An act concerning
discriminating duues! on tonnage and impoits, and to equal-
ize the duties on Pin>?ian vessels and their cargoes,' ap-
proved May :24th, 1858. Also, n statement of the navigation
and cuimneice of such nations^,respectively, with the United
Slates since the date ot the said ticaties or proclamations,
di«oiii)iinating between the vessels and tonnage employed
in the direct and indirect trade. And, also, a statement of
the navigation and c'ommeiee of such nations with the Uni-
ted State?, tor a period of five yeais before the date of such
treaties or piocldmations, respectively.
Retfohed, That the resolution passed on the   day of
December last, requesting the President of the United States
to communicate to the Senate a list of all the several trea-
ties of reciprocity between the United Slates and foieign
nations, with the date ot such treaties, and a statement of
the commerce and the population of such nations, be, and
the same is hereby, rescinded.
The resolution submitted yesterday by Mr.
Clarke was taken up:
Resolved, That a sHect committee be appointed tg inquire
into the expediency of lepeahng the first section ol the act
entitled "An act in addition to an act entitled 'An act con-
cerning discriminating duties on tonnage and imports, and
to equalize the duties upon Prussian vessels and their car-
goes,' " approved 2-itli May, 1623, so /at .is the same autho-
rize^ the President, by proclamation, to extend to the vessels
of any foreign nation the right to engage in the trade be-
tween the United States and such foieign country upon the
same terms with American vessels.
Mr. CLARKE. Inasmuch as the law of 1828
does not affect the McLane arrangement made with
England, by a convention made with that Power
in 1831 or 1832,1 have concluded to offer the reso-
lution that 1ms just been read, embracing the
amendment susjjested by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Webster.] It is manifest, from
the inequality in population and mercantile advan-
tages of smaller nations, that treaties made by the
United States with such nations are disadvan-
tageous to tins Government. Certain nations,
small in population and of but few resources,
though not deficient in intelligence and industry,
enjoy indirectly a large portion of the trade of the
whole world. For example, a nation with a pop-
ulation ofrfour millions, limited m resources and
enterprise, has the same right to contribute to the
commerce of other countries that this* nation, with
a population of twenty millions, and in the posses-
sion of almost boundless^ resources and ability to
carry on commercial transactions, enjoys. The
inequality that is thus manifest has struck me as
being grossly unjust. With a view that the sub-
ject may properly come before the Senate and the
country for their mature examination, I have pre-
pared this resolution for the purpose of creating a
select committee which shall look into these treat-
ies and the inequality in population and resouices
of the various commercial nations, and lay the
result of their labors befoie the Senate and the
i country. I suppose if th* resolution were referred
