144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 3.
to one of the standing committees, that they would
not have leisure to examine it; I therefore move
its reference to a select committee.
The resolution was agreed to; and,
On motion of Mr. CLARKE,
Ordired, That the select committee be appointed
by the Chair.
TITLES TO jtAND IN CALIFORNIA AND NEW
MEXICO.
Mr. BREESE moved the postponement of the
prior orders, with a view to take up the bill for
ascertaining claims; and titles of lands within the
Territories of California and New Mexico, to grant
donation rights, and to provide the survey of the
lands therein; which motion was agreed to.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
"Whole, to the consideration of the said bill.
• Mr. BREESE remarked that the bill now before
the -Sertate was reported last session from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. At the beginning of this
session, at his own suggestion, after consultation
with the Treasury Department, he had proposed
certain amendments to the original bill, which
amendments had been printed by order of the Sen-
ate. He desired that the bill might be read by the
Secretary, and afterwards the amendments, in
order that the provisions which they contained
might be examined, for he believed they were of
great importance to the interests of the United
States.
Tbe bill was read by the Secretary.
Mr. BREESE. I do not propose to enter at
present into a discussion of this bill, I merely wish
to call the attention of the Senate to its provisions.
It will be seen that a commission was at iirsD pro-
posed for settling these land claims, and that the
Surveyor General, when a sufficient number had
been ascertained to absorb the lands already
surveyed, should proceed to survey the residue
in order that they might be sold to settlers
who are now within the territory, or who may
hereafter emigrate thither under the conditions
proposed. Since the time of draughting the bill it
has been found that the Territory of California is
filling up more rapidly than was expected, and it
therefore becomes necessary that certain modifi-
cations should be made in the provisions of the
bill. With this view I have proposed the amend-
ments which are now before the Senate, and which
I desire may also be read by the Secretary, when
I will proceed to point out the purpose to be ac-
complished by each in its order. I understand,
however, that this day has been set apart for the
consideration of Executive business. That being
the cas , I move that the further consideration of
the bill be postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. BUTLER, the Senate, at a
quarter past one o'clock, proceeded to the consid-
eration of Executive business; and, after consid-
erable time spent therein, the doors were reopened,
and
Tiie Senate adjourned.
, .. HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 3, 1849.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. EV ANS, of Mary land, rose and asked leave
to introduce a bill.
The SPEAKER said the Chair was about to
proceed with the regular order of business, which
would be the call of the States for petitions, then
the call of the committees for reports, and after
that the call of the States for resolutions. It
would then be in order for the gentleman to intro-
duce his bill.
BOARD TO SETTLE PRIVATE CLJRMS.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, rose, he
said, to a privileged motion. He sent to the Clerk's
table a resolution providing that all debate in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, on
the bill to provide for the settlement of claims
against the United States, should cease in two hours
alter it should again have been taken up, i£ the
committee should not sooner come to a conclusion
thereon; and that the committee should then pro-
ceed to vote upon all amendments pending or to be
offered, &c. '
Mr. R. said he would say a single word in ex-
planation. The House had ordered all the appro-
priation! bills to be made the special order of the
y lor to-morrow, and for every subsequent day,
(Fridays and Saturdays excepted,) until they
should have been disposed of. If, the resolution
should be adopted, gentlemen would have an op-
portunity of offering their amendments, and of
explaining them before the vote should be taken.
Mr. tiOGGiN said, that while he would not
oppose the resolution of the gentleman from Con-
necticut, [Mr. Rockwell,] he (Mr. G.) hoped
the House would bear in mind.that this was the
day specially set apart for the consideration of the
postage bill; theijt, however, unless the resolution
was adopted, or some other course taken to bring
the debate to a close, it was evident the postage
bill to-day could not be taken up, for the bill to
which the resolution of the gentleman had refer-
ence would occupy the whole day; and by the
rules of the House, the general appropriation bills
would supersede the postage bill, as they were
made the order for to-morrow. He (Mr. G.) re-
gretted this, as the postage bill was of great inter-
est to all the country.
Mr. PETTIT expressed the hope that the reso-
lution would not be adopted, and was understood
to say that he had certain amendments which he
desired to offer to the bill, and which he asked
might be read for information.
The SPEAKER said it would not be in order to
have the proposed amendments read while the res-
olution of the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr.
Rockwell] was pending.
Mr. PETTIT said he hoped that the House
would not adopt the resolution.
The SPEAKER put the question.
Mr. YENABLE said that the bill to which this
resolution referred was one of the most important
measures to be acted upon at the present session.
It proposed to change the whole mode of ascertain-
ing and deciding upon claims presented against this
Government, and to create a new tribunal to inves-
tigate and determine them. If gentlemen proposed
to pass any bill on this subject which should lead
to good results, it could only be done after mature
deliberation, it was impossible that, upon a bill
of this character, after a debate of less than two
days, such a system could be organized as to give
satisfaction to Congress and to the public. If some
better mode of settling these claims than that which
at present existed was to be provided, it could only
be done after ample consideration and discussion.
None other would satisfy the claimants and the
country. He trusted the resolution would not be
adopted, and he moved that it be laid on the table.
- The reading of the resolution was again called
for.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Venable, and decided in the affirmative.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
The SPEAKER said the business first in order
would be the call of the States for petitions. And
he was proceeding to call for them accordingly;
when—
Mr. HUNT made a suggestion (the precise
character of which was not heard by the reporter)
in relation to certain business on the Speaker's
table, which he moved should be taken up, (Sen-
ate bills, &c.;) and he moved that the House pro-
ceed to dispose of that business.
The SPEAKER said that there was on the table
a message from the President of the United States.
It would be in order to move to proceed to that
order of business after one hour had been devoted
to reports of committees and resolutions.
Objection having been made to the motion of
Mr. Hunt, it was not entertained.
COMMUNICATIONS FROM THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. STANTON said that he desired to submit
a question to this House in relation to the subject
which had just been referred to by the gentleman
.from New York, [Mr. Hunt.]
He (Mr. S.) made the point of order whether
he could call for the reading of the message of the
President of the United States at this time?
The SPEAKER. No, sir. 1
Mr. STANTON said he should feel constrained
to appeal from the decision of the Chair. ;
The SPEAKER said,<£he question would then '
be, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the 1
judgment of the House?"
! Mr. STANTON said he desired to say a few
words on the point of order.
By.the Constitution of the United States it was
made the duty of the President to communicate to
TJongress information of the state of the Union',
and to recommend to their consideration such
measures as he shall deem necessary and expedient.
He (Mr. S.) presumed, that if it was made the
constitutional duty of the President to communicate
information, it was equally the duty of Congress
to listen to, and receive it. Now, during the time
the present incumbent had occupied the chair of
this House—during the last session of Congress 
messages of an important character from the Pres-
ident of'the United States had been received, and
had lain upon the table for weeks, and sometimes
he (Mr. S.) believed, for. months together. He
did not speak, of the respect which was due to the
President of the United States, but he spoke of
the rights (he was understood to say) of the
members of this House. He believed it was the
right of the members to know what the informa-
tion was which was thus communicated by the
President to this House.
He was aware that one of the rules of the House
prescribed the order in which proceedings should
take place. He was aware of the opinion which
the Speaker himself entertained of the obligatory
character of that rule. But he (Mr. S.) imagine!!
that the President of the United States, in accord-
ance with the custom of the earlier Presidents, had
a right to come to this House, and in person
make his communication; and he (Mr. S.) sup-
posed that it would not be in the power of the
House, or of either House, to refuse to hear him.
He believed that formerly it had been the custom
of the President to come m person with his annual
message, and to deliver it to one of the two Houses;
and that Mr. Jefferson was the first President who
sent in a written message, and that he gave his
reasons for doing so. Now, he would ask, if the
President should come to this House in person to
deliver information in regard to the state of the
Union,'it would be consistent with the Constitu-
tion; and whether this House, by its rules, could
put him off day after day, week after week, and
month after month, before his communication
should be made?
He knew of no other clause which required the
Presideut to make any communication to this
House, except that to which he had referred, and
which required him, from time to time, to give
to Congress information as to the state of the
Union.
What would be the entry on the Journal ? In
accordance with the rules of the House, messages
received from the President of the United States
were to be spread upon the Journal. A message
had been received yesterday. It was dated yester-
day. ;The entry upon the Journal would be, that
a message was received—without anything fur-
ther; and then two or three weeks lience, it would
be stated that such a message^ was before the
House, having been received two or three weeks
previously.
If he was not mistaken, he believed that such
had not been the case, under former Speakers, with
executive communications. He believed that on
all occasions the Speaker had laid them before the
House. How did the communication of the Pres-
ident get upon the table? How did it come there?
There had been an order of the House to place it
there. It seemed to him that so soon as a mes-
sage had been received, it was the duty of the
Speaker to lay it before the House—to open and
present it to the House. It would then be before
the House for consideration—it would then be
properly upon the Speaker's table. Until that
time it was merely privately in the hands of the
Speaker.
The rule which prescribed the order in which the
business (on the Speaker's table) of the House
should be taken up, provided that " messages and
other Executive communications should be first"
taken up. He presumed that this branch of the rule
referred to communications of this sort after they
had been laid before the House, and were regularly
upon the Speaker's table. He did not perceive
how the President could, in pursuance of this con-
stitutional provision, make his communication un-
less it were received. It was not a communication
until it was in possession of the House; and it
seemed to him that the constitutional provision
would override any and every rule which might
be made by this House.
At the present session of Congress, the Speaker
had decided that although the rule required that
every proposition for printing a public document
should be referred to the Committee on Printing,
