THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
PRINTED A ft D PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
30th Congress, 2d Session. -
FRIDAY, JANUARY 5, 1849.
yet the reference need not be made in pursuance
of that rule; the House might dispense with it.
How was-it, then, in relation to this constitutional
provision, by which members were to receive the
information which the President communicated?
As a representative of the people, he demanded,
under this provision, to know what the President
desired to communicate to him as one of the mem-
bers of this House. It was a constitutional pro-
vision, which could not be smothered by any rules
which this House might think proper to adopt.
Heftmsted that gentlemen older in the consider-
ation of these questions than himself, and having
more experience in such matters, would have
somqfching to say. If it should be found that he
was mistaken in his views, he would cheerfully
acquiesce.
The SPEAKER briefly announced the point of
order. He was imperfectly heard by the reporter;
but the grounds of his decision seem to have been
substantially as follows:
The Speaker was not the servant of the Presi-
dent, but the servant of this House. It was his duty
to obey,the rules of the House—to receive execu-
tive communications respectfully at the'door of the
House, but not to present them to the House out
of the regular order of business, unless'the House
called for them.
The-Constitution of the United States declared
that each House might determine its own rules of
proceeding. This House had done so, and by one
of these rules had declared that " after one hour
shall have been devoted to reports from committees
and resolutions, it shall be in order, pending the
consideration or discussion thereof, to entertain a
mo.tion that the House do now proceed to dispose
of the business on the Speaker's table, and to the
orders of the day; which being decided in the
affirmative, the Speaker shall dispose of the busi-
ness on his table in the following order, viz; first,
messages and other executive communications."
A note appended to the branch of the rule which
prescribes that messages and communications
should be first received, gave the date of its adop-
tion as the 14th of September, 1837; at which time,
the Speaker believed, the chair was occupied
by the present Executive of the United States—
though of that fact he was not quite fcertain—it
might not be so; but whether it was so or not,
that rule was adopted by the House. The Chair
had always enforced it; and if messages had not
been seasonably laid beforesthe House, it was m
consequence of the action of the Iiouse itself, and
not by any decision of the Speaker, it would be
in the recollection of many gentlemen, that at the
close of the last session of Congress, the Speaker
had attempted again and again to lay before the
House a message from the President, which was
not laid before it until after the commencement of
the present session. The House insisted upon
other proceedings—calling for the yeas and nays,
and submitting different motions. The Speaker,
in the course he had taken, had conformed, not
only to the rules of the House, but to the prece-
dents established by all his predecessors; and until
the House changed the rule, he should continue to
execute its order. The Speaker would remark, that
during the last session of Congress—on the 3d of
April, 1848—a question had been raised somewhat
analogous to that now submitted by the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton.] That case was
thus stated on the Journal;
" While tlie House was engaged in a discussion upon
resolutions introduced by Mr. Cummins, tendering ' our
warmest sympathies to the people of France and Italy,'
JMr. €. J. Ingersoll moved that a message from the Presi-
dent of the United State*, that day received, be laid before
the Iiouse,
" The Speaker heating no objection, accordingly handed
the &aid message to the Clerk.
" The Cieik w«±b in the act of opening it, when Mr. Abams
ob)eeted.
" Mr. C. J. Ingersoll raised the point of order, that the
objection came too late, the message having passed trom
the possession of the Speaker.
"The Speaker decided that the objection was in season,
the reading of the mess-age not having been commenced, and
that the message could not now be laid before the Iiouse.
"From this decision Mr C. J. JxGrRSoir. nppealedi
C( And the question being put, 'Shall the u^cision ol the
Chair stand as the judgment of the House.3'
10
"If, was decided in the affirmative, by tellers—ayes 90,
noes 30."
Mr. STANTON desired to inquire of the Chair
what the state of the case would be if the Presi-
dent of the United States should appear in person:
whether the Speaker would consider that the
House was bound, under the Constitution, to re-
ceive his communication ?
The SPEAKER (very doubtfully heard) was
understood to say, that in such an event, he could'
not leave his own seat, or dispense with the ru^es
of the House, except by a vote of the House.
And the SPEAKER as;ain slated, that the ques-
tion would be, " Shjll the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the House?"
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL appealed to the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] to with-
draw his appeal. It seemed to him (Mr. I.) that
the House had decided a very analogous question.
It was an exceedingly interesting and important
question, but he thought that it would be better
that the House should not pass upon it without
more full consideration than it could at this time
bestow.
Mr. STANTON acquiesced in the suggestion.
So the appeal was withdrawn.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS AGAIN.
The SPEAKER then proceeded with the call of
the States for petitions and memorials.
The States being called for the purpose, petitions
were presented by Messrs. Smith of Connecticut,
Jenkins, Hunt, Kellogg, Greeley, DueR?
Freebley, Blanciiard, Hampton, Eckert,
Thompson of Pennsylvania, Gocgin, Preston,
Giddinos, Fisher, Schenck, Wick, Hilliard,
Johnson of Arkansas, and Bingham.
Mr. VINTON asked leave to offer a resolution
to grant the use of the Hall to the American Col-
onization Society on the evening of the 16th in-
stant. Objected to.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Notices for leave to introduce bills were given—J
By Mr. TOMPKINS: A bill granting to the '
State of Mississippi the right of way anu a dona*
tion of public land, for the purpose of locating and
constructing a railroad from Brandon to the eastern
boundary of said State, in the direction of Mont-
gomery, in the State of Alabama.
By Mr. BINGHAM: A hill granting a quantity
of land to aid m the construction of the Detroit and
Romeo and Port Huron railroad, in the State of
Michigan.
On motion of Mr. FEATHERSTON, j
Resolved, That tlie hill entitled "An act to cancel certain |
illegal entuci of the public lands at Culuiribus, Mississippi," ,
bo taken from the Clerk's flies and referred to the Commit- ;
tee 011 Public Lands.
BILLS INTRODUCED. |
In pursuance of previous notice a bill was intro- j
duced as follows: j
By Mr. HARRIS: A bill regulating evidence 1
in the circuit and district courts of the United !
States; which bill was read twice, and referred to !
the Committee on the Judiciary.
In pu^kance of previous notice, Mr. BRIDGES
obtatnetnleave to introduce a joint resolution to
construe the several acts of Congress heretofore
passed for the relief of revolutionary soldiers;
which resolution was read twice, and refe'rred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
Mr. HILLIARD (by unanimous consent) ob-
tained leave, and introduced a bill to amend an act
regulating the district courts of the United States
for the District of Alabama; which bill was read
twice, and referred to a select committee composed
of the Representatives in Congress from the said
State of Alabama.
Mr. PHELPS, in pursuance of previous notice,
obtained leave and introduced a bill granting to the
State of Missouri the right of way for making a
railroad from Lexington, on the Missouri river, to
Ohio City, at the mouth of the Oluo river, in said
State; which bill was read twice, and referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. BINGHAM introduced a bill to apply cer-
tain alternate sections of the public domara towards
the completion of the Clinton and Kalamazoo
New Series No. 10.
canal, in the State of Michigan; which was read,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion of Mr. THOMPSON, of Iowa,
Ordered, That l^ave he granted for the withdrawal from
the iiles of the House, of the papers 111 the case of Samuel
I. Bayard.
The said papers were thereupon delivered to
Mr. Thompson.
On motion of Mr. THOMPSON, of Iowa,
Ordered, That l^ave be granted for the withdrawal of the
paper®, from theffil^s of tne House, in regard to the Iowa
militia.
The said papers were thereupon delivered to
Mr. Thompson.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, from the
Committee on Claims, to whom was referred the
Senate bill entitled "An act authorizing the pay-
ment of interest upon the advances made by the
State of Alabama for the use of the United States
Government in the suppression of the Creek In-
dian hostilities of 1836 and 1837, in Alabama,-"
reported the pamc back to the House with an
amendment. Committed to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. R. also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Samuel Perry, made a
report thereon, accompanied by a bill for his relief.
Read twice and committed. *
On motion of Mr. ROCKWELL, of Conn.,
Ordered, That the Committee on Claims discharged
from the consideration of the memorial of Davnl A. Ely and
otheis, praying for confirmation of preemption rijrht?.
Ordered,'That the Committee on Claims be discharged
from the consideration of the petition of Hannah Cole for
bounty land on account of the military services of tier hus-
band, Samuel Cole, deceased, in the Alcxtcan war.
Which petitions were severally referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CROWELL, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of John
Coates, made an adverse report thereon. Laid on
1 the table.
j Mr. C. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill to provide for the payment of the passage of
: General Lafayette from France to the United
! States, in the year 1824, accompanied by a report
! in writing. Read and committed.
' Mr. GOG-GIN, from the Committee on the Post
: Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
! memorial of William B. Stokes, surviving partner'
. of John N. C. Stockton & Co., praying that the
! amount of compensation on the upper route be-
; tween Augusta and Columbus be paid him pro raia
j for seventy-three days, in the same manner as the
! compensation from Columbus to Mobi.le has been
; allowed, made an adverse report thereon, which
1 was laid on the table.
j Mr. JOSEPH R. INGERSOLL, from the Com-
j mittee on the \Tudiciary, reported a bill for the
; settlement of the accounts of Captain M. M.
Clarke; which was read twice and committed, and
made the order of the day for to-morrow.
Mr. JOSEPH R. INGERSOLL, from the Com-
' mittee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred the
petition of Frederick Dawson, James Schott, and
1 Khsha Dane Whitney, for payment for certain
' vessels furnished the Republic of Texas, given up
j to the United States on her annexation thereto,
i made a report the^on, accompanied by a bill for
' their relief. Read and committed.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, from the same cqm-
: mittee, to whom was referred a memorial of citi-
> 7ens of New York, praying for the abolition of
the punishment of death, made a report thereon;
i which was laid on the table.
j On motion of Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL,
Ordertf, That the Committee on theJudiciory be dis-
1 charged fiom the consideration of the petition ot Wyatt
1 Eopes a?kmg the payment of a bill of cos^ts allowed by th«
d'-trict judge of the United States tor the State of Missis-
sippi, and that the sanie be laid on the table.
j Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, from the Committee
:! on the Judiciary, reported the following resolu-
!, tion:
j i Resolved} That the Clerk be. and he hereby is, directed to
Si purchase from the author. William Rickey,Esq.,for the u?e
i| of this Hous-.'. the same number of copies of thc-authentic
'! copy ot the Constitution, with an analytical index, and.
H compilation of other public documents and useful inibrina*
