146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 8,
tion, as were ordered for the use of the Senate by the second
of their resolutions of the 18th of February, 1847, to be by
the members di.-tribuieii to public binaries, colleges, other
literary institutions, and public offices: Provided, That
copies of the last edition of such work can be procured at a
reduction of twenty par cent, from the price authorized to be
paid for the said work by the first of the resolutions of the
Senate of said 18th February, 1847. . .
Mr. JONES', of Tennessee, objected to the res-
olution.
The SPEAKER stated that it was the report of
a committee, and was in order.
Mr. JONES said-this resolution,if he understood
it correctly, proposed to authorize the Clerk to
purchase the same number of copies of " Hickey's
Constitution," as had been purchased by the Sen- '
ate. That, he believed, was 20,000, or perhaps
30,000 copies. If he mistook not%the resolution
which had heretofore been passed by this House,
at the last session, for the distribution of books, in-
cluded one copy of that " Constitution" for each
member of this Hou&e. Now, if the Senate had
distributed 20,000, or perhaps 30,000 copies, (for
he thought they had purchased two or three edi-
tions,) if they had distributed the number they had
ordered to the colleges, universities, and public
-libraries of the country, there v/es perhaps not
one public library in the country but had been fur-
nished with this " Constitution." He objected to
this way'of contracting for the book; if they were
going to buy it, they should do it in such way
as would show on the face of their proceed-
ings what they were doing. Why should they
undertake to shield themselves under what the
Senate had done? Why not do the thing directly,
and say, in so many words, how many copies of
this "Constitution" they would authorize to be
published and paid for out of the contingent fund
of this House? Now, he could not tell how many
copies the Clerk would consider himself authorized
to purchase under this resolution. There had been i
some two or three editions, he understood, pub-
lished and bought by the Senate; the last one, he
thought, was twenty thousand eopies; how many
there were in all, he could not tell. Now, whether
the Clerk of the House would consider himself
authorized to buy the number the Senate last pur-
chased, or whether he would consider himself
authorized and instructed to purchase a number of
copies qqual to all that had heretofore been pur-
chased by the Senate, he knew not. If this House
was disposed, or intended to buy this book, not
for the benefit of the people, not for the benefit of
the public libraries, not for the benefit of anybody
(as he considered) on the face of the earth, except
of Air. Hickey, they should frankly dcclarc to the
country, upon the record of their proceedings, how
many copies they purchased, and what was the
object of the donation which they proposed to !
make to Mr. Hickey forgetting up and publishing :
this book. i
If the Hguse wanted this "Constitution," why '
not, as had been suggested by a friend near him, i
order it to be published by contract? Why not!
direct their public printers to print, bind, and deliv-1
er it here, at the rates on wluch he performed the 1
Other printing of the House under contract? |
It was said that Mr. Hickey had a copyright. ;
But any man in this country who had the ability j
to compile any work at ail, could compile one [
equally valuable with this. A great deal of it was
of no service to anybody. As to the copyright,
if ten lines were altered, he presumed anybody
would have the right to publish it.
If they wanted this "Constitution" of Mr. :
Hickcy, to distribute it for the benefit of the people, j
they ought to purchase it on some other terms j
than those prescribed by the resolution, from one !
who had probably already realized ten times or a 1
hundred times the value of his labor and trouble j
in getting up the book.'
He hoped the resolution would not be adopted; '
and when the question came uo on its passage, he i
would ask the yeas and nays, that the country ''
might know who i:,c gentlemen were that were j'
disposed to vote for these extravagant appropna- |
tions. |
Mr. BRODHEAD (remarking that he thought |
this Congress nad purchased books enough) moved i
to lay the resolution on the table. j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, asked the yeas and
Hays on this motion; which were ordered.
Pending the question—
Mr. EOCiiWKLL, of Connecticut, ro.;e and
called for tha orders of the day; and moved that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole, on the state of the Union, with a view to
resume - the consideration of the special order,
being the bill to provide for the settlement of
claims against the United States. *
Mr. KAUFMAN objected to the motion, on
the ground that the morning hour had not yet ex-
pired.
The SPEAKER stated that the motion to go
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union was always in order. A motion to proceed
to the business on the Speaker's table would not
be, until one hotir after-reports were called for.
The question was taken, and decided in the
negative.
So the House refused to go into Corrfmittee of
the Whole on the state gf the Union.
The question recurring' on the motion to lay the
! resolution reported by Mr. J. R. Ingersoll on
j the table—
| Mr. P1CKL1N asked for the reading of the
resolution; which was read.
M r. LORD inquired of the Speaker how many
copies had been ordered by the Senate?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no knowledge.
The question was then taken on the motion to
lay on the table, and decided in the affirmative—
yeas 126, nays 47—as follows;
YE AS—Messrs. Adams, Barrow, Bayly, Bedinger, Blaneh-
ard, Bocoek, Bowlin, Boyd, Btid«es, Brodhead, Wtinasn G.
Brown, Charles Brown, Albert G. Brown, Burt, Butler,
C;uiby, Cuase, Franklin Clark, Beverly L.Clarke, William-
son R. W. Cobb, Cocke, Coliainer, Conger, Dickinson,
Dixon, Dotmell, Dtiei, Garnett Duncan, Eektrt, Embiee,
I Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, Faran, Fc'utherston,
Ficklin. Fisher, Flournoy, French, Fries, Fulton, Geritiy,
I Gog^in,' Gott, Green, Greeley, Gregory, GriimelJ, Haie, Wil-
1 lard P.-Hall, James (>. Hampton, iiarmaiison, Harrib, Hen-
1 lej, Henry, llill, Milliard, Ellas B. Holmes, George S.
I Houston, John W. Houston, Hudson, Inge; lrvin, Jameson,
! Andiew Johnson, James II. Johnson. George W. Jones,
| Kaufman, Kennon, Daniel P. Kin^, Lallm, La* S6re, Ligon,
• Lincoln, Lord, Lumpkin, McCieJUlnd, McClernand, Ale
| Doivcll, McKay, MeLane, Job Mann, Meade, Miller, Mor-
I ris, iiorso, Outlaw, Palfrey, Peaslee, Peek, Peine, Peitit,
j Pevton, Phelps, Pollock, Pie>ton, Putnam, Richardson,
: Richey, Roeklnil, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Boot,
. Rn;n-ey, Sawyer, Shepperd, Siiernll, Silvester, Smart,
C-ileb B. Smith, Stanton, Staikwealher, Cliarle^ E. Stuart,
i?tion£, Thibodeaux, Thomas, James Thompson, Kobeit
A. Thompson, Toombs, Tuck, Van Dyke, Venal-!'-, Wal-
lace, Wick, Wiley, Wilinot, and Woodward—126.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Belcher, Binuhain, Blackmar,
renee, Loflier, Levin, Mcllvame, Horace Mann, Marsh,
Marvin, Mulliu, Hose, St. John, SeliencU, Tiuman Smith,
Teylor, Richard W. Thompson, William Thompson, Tomp-
kins, Turner, Vinton, Warren, Weutwortli, and White—47.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. TAYLOR,
Ordered, Thatthe Committee ot the Whole House to-mor-
row be discllaised trom the consideration of joint resolution
tor the relief ot Akxanrlei Hunter, and that the same, to-
gether Kith the accompanying papers, be reteired to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FRENCH, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported a bill to amend the act entitled
" An act supplemental to the act for the admission
of the States of Iowa and Florida into the Union;"
which bill was read twice, and ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and, being engrossed,
was accordingly read a third time and passed.
OMerel, That the Clerk request the concurrence of the
Senate in said bill.
Mr. KING, from the Committee on Rjfcilution-
ary Claims, reported a bill for the retW of the
heirs of Wadleigh Noyes, deceased; which was
read twice, and committed to the Committee of the
Whole, and ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. KING, of-Massachusetts,
Ordered. That the Committee on Revolutions v Claims be
discharged from the eonsideiation of'the petition of William
K. Russell, and that it be laid on the table.
Mr. DARLING, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, reported a bill granting the
right of preemption to Joshua Holden, accompa-
nied by a report in writing; which was read twice
and committed.
Mr. DARLING, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill to satisfy the claim of the legal repre-
sentatives of Joseph Reynes, accompanied by a
report in writing; which bill was read twice and
committed.
Mr. TOMPKINS, from the Committee oruPri-!
vate Land Claims, to whon) was referred Senate i
bill for the relief of James Gr. Carson, reported j
the same back to the .House without amencfoient. I
The bill was then read a third time and passed,
and returned to the Senate.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Agricul-
ture, reported the following resolution, which \vas
read and agreed to, viz:
■Resah-etl, That the heirs of Jethro Wood have leave to
withdraw their petition and papers.
On motion of Mr. FULTON,
Ordered^ That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be dis-
charged from the consideration of the petition of John Bar-
rett, and that it be laid on the table.
Mr. FULTON, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of John
France, accompanied by a report in writing; which
bill was read twice and committed.
Mr. FULTON, from the same committee, made
adverse reports upon the petitions ofMaihewMack-
lem and of John W. Howell; which repoitswere
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. FULTON,
Ordered, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be
discharged from the ronsidrration ofthe petition of£eoige
Grey, and that it be laid on the table. *
Mr. STRONG, from the same committee, made
an adverse report upon the petition of Peter Riffe;
which was laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
. On motion of Mr. SMITH, of Illinois,
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the files
ofthe House the papers relating to the claims of Wilharo
C. Honnens, John P. Boyce, Michael Bowling, Patiick
Meran, and William Lerill.ml.
Mr. BRODHEAD moved that the House re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The question was taken, $nd the motion was
rejected.
When the States had been called through for
petitions, and the Speaker was calling upon the
committees for reports—
Mr. FICKLIN rose to inquire whether it would
be in order to move to proceed to the considera-
tion of business on the Speaker's table?
Tbe SPEAKER said, it would be in order in
twenty minutes from that time.
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Territories, reported a bill to establish the Ter-
ritorial Government of New Mexico; which was
read twicc and committed.
Mr. PILSBURY, on behalf of the minority of
| said committee, submitted a report and protest
i against the dismemhet'ment of the State of Texas*
j ' Mr. CALEB B. SMITH, chairman of the. Com-
!i mittee on Territories, said, that under the instruc-
j| tions of that committee, a bill had been reported,
jj which, however, had not been accompanied with
i| any report. The minority of the committee dis-
ji Rented from the majority, so far as the boundaries
|j of the Territory of New Mexico were concerned.
ii The paper now presented by the gentleman from
;j Texas, [Mr. Pilsbury,] he'fMr/S.) understood
i| to be the report of the minority of the committee.
!' He submitted, that inasmuch as the majority of
11 the committee had made no report, it was a ques-
tion to be decided by this House, whether a mi-
I nority report could be made.
I The SPEAKER said that there was no such
:! thing known to the rules as a report from the
jj minority of a committee. A minority of a cora-
j mittee could, by leave of the House, make a state-
II ment of their views, and the vote of a majority of
i; the House was sufficient to enable them to do so.
j j ^ Mr. BURT rose, he said, to reply to the cugges-
jj tion which had been made by the gentleman from
i Indiana, [Mr. Smith ] He (Mr. B.) begged leave
, to say, that the report of a minority was the only
j form in which the minority could express their
! views. And he would appeal to the oldest me®-
j hereon this floor to sustain his assertion, that in
. no solitary case had a respectful paper which had
j been offered by the minority of a committee been
: refused.
; Mr. SMITH said, in reply to the suggestion of
; the gentleman frnm South Carolina, [Mr. Burt,]
i that he did not wish to be understood as ma-
! king the slightest objection to the introduction
i of the report offered by the gentleman from Texas,
1 [Mr. Pii.seury.] AH that he (Mr. S.) had in-
; tended or desired to do was, to state what the facts
: were; and if the House was willing to receive the
report, he had no objection; nor did he suppose
that objection was entertained by any member of
the committee.
Mr. BURT. I see nothing in the merits- "
The SPEAKER (interposing.) No objection
