1840.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I4T
appears to be made; if so^ there is no question
before the House.
Mr. BURT. I trust there will be no objection.
The report was then received, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Territories, to which was referred
the resolution of the House of the 11th of Decern- j
ber, 1848, instructing them (i to inquire into the j
* expediency of so dividing; the Territory of Upper I
* California as to organize and extend a district !
* Territorial Government over that portion of said j
•Territory which includes the white settlement in j
* the vicinity of Salt Lake," made an adverse re- I
port thereon. Laid on the table. I
THE PUBLIC PRINTING. |
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, asked leave to report i
« joint resolution, of which he had heretofore given '
notice. |
The resolution was read, for information, by its i
title. *it was a joint resolution to repeal the joint :
resolution directing the manner in which the pub- '
lie printing should be executed.
Objection being made, the resolution was not~
introduced.
Some conversation took place respecting the
order of business; and a motion by j
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, that the j
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole '
on the state of the Union, was rejected. i
TARIFF OF 1846. j
The House proceeded to the consideration of
the following resolution offered by Mr. Greeley,
on the 21st of December, ult., viz.;
Iiesohed, That tin- Secretaiy of the Treasury be, and he
hereby is, icq nested to communicate to tins Hou&e (if tucii
«oininumccUioit be not, in his judgment, incompatible wjth
ihe public interest) the consirterat.ons of equity or public
policy which justify the assessment, by the lanifoi 1846. on
woollen blankets, flannels, baizes, &c., and on hempen ca-
bles, coidagc, and aoyeial other descriptions of imported
indnufdctuiest, of rates" ot duty five to ten percent, lower
than aie charged on the principal raw nuitejidl from which
they are respectively tabricated; and if the same be not
justified as afore^a'd, what acuon ot Congress in relation
thereto is dvemed by lum deniable ?
Mr. WENT WORTH said, if he understood the
resolution of the gentleman from New York aright,
it asked the Secretary of the Treasury why this
Congress had gassed the tariff of 1846. If the gen-
tleman from New York would call upon him, (Mr.
W.,) he would answer him why he had helped to
pass it, for he had had as much to do with passing
the tariff law as the Secretary of the Treasury had
had. It was the first instance he (Mr. W."j had
ever known of a member of this House bringing
forward a resolution asking an executive officer of
the Government why this Congress had passed
such or such a law.
He moved to lay the resolution on the table; but
he subsequently withdrew it, on pledge of it§ re
newal, and at the request of
Mr. GREELEY, who said he wished to set the '
gentleman from Illinois right on a question of fact, j
The tariff law now in question had not been enact- ;
ed by this Congress at all; it had been enacted by '
afoimer Congress, upon the recommendation*and
mainly upon the compilation *of the Secretary of
the Treasury, and was mainly his work.
Mr. WENTWORTH. How is that known ? I
was here when the law was passed; I don't know I
any such thing. 1
3Vir. GREELEY replied, that it was known by
the report of the Secretary of the Treasury before j
them. The Secretary came before tins House \
as the eulogist of this tariff in all its features, and !
claimed the credit of it. Now, appearing before
the country in that capacity, he (Mr. G.) wished ,
to get information from him in regard to a partic-
ular and a very important feature of that tariff— :
how it worked, what considerations of public
policy justified this provision. |
Mr. WENT WORTH said he would suggest
to the gentleman from New York that he make
this inquiry of their inend, the former chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr. McKay.]
That gentleman was here then; he had reported
the tariff of 1646, and the gentleman from New
York had no right to say that the chairman of a
committee of this House had been dictated to by
the Secretary of the Treasury as to what bill he
should report.
Mr. GREELEY (evidently having misunder-
stood Mr. W.) said the present chairman of the
N Committee of Ways and Means [Mr, Vintox] U
was not the chairman when the tariff bill of 1848 i|
was reported. j!
Mr. WENTWORTH. But the former chair- jj
man who reported the bill is here now, and the ji
gentleman can inquire of him. s i|
Mr. GREELEY. But a call upon a former !!
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means j|
would not be in order. [A laugh.] 'j
He (Mr. G.) thought the resolution was per* !;
fectly in order. If there was a good answer, it |j
could be given by the Secretary of the Treasury. j:
The objection to this inquiry did not look well,
coming from a friend of the tat iff of 1846. - f>
Mr. WENTWORTH said he had no objection
togivingthegentlemanfromNewYork any inform- ij
ation that might be in his power, nor had he any !;
objection to the gentleman's calling upon any of !]
the bureaus for information; but he appealed to
the House to know if this thing was just and fair.
The gentleman from New York had risen in his
place, and told the House that the Secretary of the
Treasury had dictated the present tariff. Now,
he (Mr. W.) remembered the circumstances at-
tending thepassageof that law. The bill had been
altered materially in this House; and the gentle-
man had no right to charge that the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means had tak6n this
bill from the Secretary of the Treasury; and l\e
came now and wanted to know of the Secretaiy of ij
the Treasury how it was that he had done so
and so? \\
Mr. HUNTFinquired if the gentleman from Mi- jj
hois did not know that the Secretary of theTreas- jl
ury had piepared the tariff bill of 1846, and com-
municated it to the Committee of Ways and
Means?
Mr. WENTWORTH replied, that he did not
know any such thing. He knew that he (Mr. W.)
had had a hand in framing it, and voting for it.
Mr. HUNT said, he believed it was a fact well
known to gentlemen who were members of the
House at that time that the bill was framed by the
Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. WENTWORTH said, that bill had been
altered materially in this House, and by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means,
But that had nothing to do with the case. There
had never such a thing been heard of before in i;
j this Government, as such a call by a resolution j;
olfeied by a gentleman upon this floor. It was dis- j j
respcctful to the Secretary of the Treasury, and for !
that reason, among others, it should not be adopt- jj
ed. If the gentleman wanted any information, and 1;
would modify his resolution so as merely to call jj
for information, he (Mr. W.) would have no ob- jj
jection; but so long as it implied to the country
and the world that the Secretary of the Treasury
had dictated this tariff to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and to Congress, he would not vote
for it.
He moved to lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. GREELE^ asked for the yeas and nays,
which were oidered. • i
The question was taken, and decided in the \
negative—yeas 86, nays 87—as follows; j
YEAS—Messrs. Bayly, Bedinger, Ringham, Bov.liri, tj
Boyd, Borden, IJjodhead, William G. Brown, CJnuh*^ !,
Brown, Albeit G. Brown, Lurt, <Jabeil, Chase, Clapp, I1
Franklin Clark, Williamson R. W. Cobb, ColJin-s, Cum-
nuns, Darling, Dickinson, Dunn, F«ua:i, iVathcrston, I'V-k-
hn, Flournoy, Fiench, Fries, Kuhon, Gcugm, Gieen, iiaui-
moi^, H.timatron, Hii), Ilriitaid, J>a«kc E. Holmes, Cicnrye 1
S. iloiiteton, Uhiuh s J- higeisoil, Jam' a H. John-un, II- beit ,
\Y. Julns'-Oii, Goosge W Jum s-, ivtnnoi., L.ihm, i S6re, ,i
litfHi'r, Li^'in, Loid, LnmpMn, AicC'dl.uiii. iMel'jerii.Vi:a, |
McDowell. Job Mann, Ilou.ce Aiann, Meade, Miilei, Mor- ■;
ns, I*Uup:i>, Outlaw, l\uf4c}« Pea-lee,Petrie,PetUt, ton, j
Ph. ip.-, riichaid-on, IvK'hcy, Ivoc-kinil, Savv>er, Sm.itt, j
Kobeit Smith, Stanton, Siarkw cathei, Charles L. StuAii, ''
tfnong, ThOin.i-. Joins ij. Tliomp-on, Robeit A. Tuomjj- on, >
William Thompson, Turner, Wallace, Went- i
worth, Wick, Wnej, Wili.amb, Wii.uut, and V; ooa- 1
w.ud—83.
NAVd—Messrs. Abbott, Barrow, Blackmar, B^nchnrd, ;
Bo.;-o;k, BoU-5, Biariv, Rutler, Caut\v, Cnapman, Beverly !
L. CLmce, Clingmun, Coct-ie, Conser, Cran&ton, Croztt.i, \
Dickey, Dixon, bunneii, Uiirn(-ttDuucan,Ei:««.ri,J3ui\arUs, ;
Umbtee, Alexandct JLvans, Nathan Evans, Fanvily. Fis-her, 1
Freedlrv, Ga\ le, Gi'i.tiy, Gi'Ulin?-, Gott, Gieeley, Giegon, ,
Gnnneif, Hale. Willard P, Hal!, Nathan K. hall, lVlo^es i
Hampton, Harris Heniy, Eua^ 13. Holmes, John W, Hous- ,
ton, Hubbard, Hunt, toge, Josi'ph It. Ingersoll,^ irvin,
Jameson, JciiKinb, Andrew Johnson, Kautm.xn, Keiioge, ■
Thomas Butler King, Daniel P. Kmir, Lincoln, Mcih.ame, ■
McKay, Methane, Aiar&h. M.uvin, Morehead, Molim, New- 1
ellj-Teck, Pollock, Prcvton, Putnam, Julius Iloekweil, John
A. Rockwell, Ro^e, Itum^ey, St. Jonn, Schcnck, Slieppeid, >
Shei ril], ^ilve^ier, C vh b B. !?nuth, Tt iiiiian tfmiih, j loi,
'i'onipkuis, Toombs, Tuck, Van Dike, Venablj, Warren, •
White, and Wilson—S7. j
So the motion to lay on the table was rejected. I
Mr. GREELEY moved to amend the resolutioa "
by striking out the words, "if such communica-
tion be not, in his judgment, incompatible with
the public interest." , -
He remarked that he understood that such a
provision was unusual in a resolution of this char-
acter.
Mr. BOTTS hoped the gentleman from'New
York would further modify his resolution so as to
make it conform to the established practice of the
House, by directing the Secretary, &c.
Mr. GREELEY expressed his willingness to
make that modification, if it was necessary to make
the resolution in the usual form.
The SPEAKER suggc&ted to the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Botts,] that it was not usual
to direct as officer to report a matter of opinion;
it was the practice of the House to direct him to
give any information as to facts, but request him to
give his opinion.
The amendment of Mr. Greeley was agreed to.
Mr. FICKLIN moved to amend the resolution,
by adding thereto the following:
And that Abbot Lawrence be requested fa laugh] to in-
f'.-i 1:1 tiii?. Hnuv what uiolives of interest ju&iified the
establishment of minmiunis arci spec-ftcs in the tariff act of
181-2, by tiie joint opetation of which a square yaid of cotton
goods ihateost five cents was taxed as L::i! asa sq'iaieyard
of the &.imc kind o£ goods that cost tweuy cents, and a yard
of silk woifli fittv cents was taxed as h:^!i as a yaid of silk *
worth twodollass.
The SPEAKER said the amendment was.not
in order, as the resolution itself called upon the
Secretary of the Treasury fcr information.
Mr. FICKLIN modified the amendment by-
striking out the words " Abbot Lawrence," and
inseitipg " the Secretary of the Treasury."
Mr. HENLEY moved to amend the amend-
ment, by adding thereto the following:
And that be al-o be requested te, inquire into and commu-
nicate the causes that produced a reduction of the tvages
ot the operatives m the manufactories at l/owcfl.
Mr. COCKE demanded the previous question.
Mr. B0WL1N made a question of order, as
follows: That the resolution called upon the Sec-
retary of the Treasury virtually for the motives
that influenced an act exclusively of legislation,
and it was not competent for this Housg to call
upon the head of a depaitment to explain or justify
the motives of Congress in adopting any particular
system of legislation.
The SPEAKER said that the point of order
should have been made when the resolution wag
introduced. The House might rule out a resolu-
tion of this character on the ground of impropriety,
but it was not for the Chair to rule it out on the
ground of order.
Mr. GREELEY said there was nothing in the
resolution relative to the motives of the Secretary
of the Treasury or of Congress in passing the act
of 1846.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, inquired of the
Sneaker if it was too late to make the point that
the resolution, giving rise to debate, should lie over
one dav ?
The "SPEAKER replied that it had already lain
over a fortnight.
Mr. HOUSTON. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, then, does not change the
order of the resolution ?
The SPEAK.ES. The amendment does not
carry the resolution over.
The question was then propounded on seconding
the demand for the previous question.
Mr. McLANE moved to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr. WENTWORTH called for the yeas and
nayK.
The yeas and nays were not ordered. -
; And the question being taken, it was decided in
' the affirmative—ayes 88, noes 53.
So tiie resolution was laid on the table.
MESSAGE (ROM THE PRESIDENT.
! On motion of Mr. STANTON, the House pro-
i ceeded to the consideration of business on the
Sneaker's table; and—
i "The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage f'rom the President of the United States, as
follows:
; To the House, of Representatives of the United States: i
i In answer to the resolution of the 18th of De-
j cemher, 1843, requesting information "under what
1 law or provision ot the Constitution, or by what
ii other-authority," the Secretary of the Treasury,
