1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
151
power to seize the enemy's revenues there, in order
to maintain their position before the country. But
if we consulted the laws of nations which have ob-
tained in all time past, we should find it to be the
^iuty of every commander in a conquered port to
do precisely this thing; and that the officer, for
neglecting this duty, subjected himself to the rep-
rimand of his^TOvernment, or perhaps the loss of
his commissi^). The officer in such a position
has the undoubted right to exclude neutral vessels
from entering the ports of the enemy. He may
exclude or admit, upon his discretion; but no sen-
sible man, having such a charge, would admit
commerce except upon the payment of duties as
exacted by the enemy, or at rates more reasonable
and productive. And, besides, this course of not
collecting the revenue would be a relief to the
Mexicans themselves. It would be giving them a
bonus, it might be said, according to the amount
collected: it would be a throwing into their hands
many thousands of dollars, and relieving their or-
dinary burdens, instead of oppressing them with
the iron hand of war.
As this position could not be denied, he came
now to the question of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Schenck,] whether the President did not
abrogate the revenue laws of the Mexican Govern-
ment, and set up a system of his own? Certainly
the President had done this; and it was precisely
what he( Mr. S.) had affirmed that he was autho-
rized to do; and, as he had shown, when the Pres-
ident might have taken five dollars on every barrel
of flour, he had actually taken only two dollars
and fifty cents. But the other gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Vinton] says the President has not
levied these exactions upon the people of Mexico,
nor upon the commerce of neutiai nations, but
upon our own citizens.
Mr. §CHENCK said, if he understood the gen-
tleman aright, he now took the ground, that the
revenue laws of Mexico imposing duties of a cer-
tain amount upon specified articles, the President,
in the exercise of the power which he claimed for
himself, might annul the tariff laws of Mexico,
and substitute a tariff law established by himself,
provided the duties did not exceed those which
had heretofore been imposed by Mexico; as, for
instance, if Mexico had levied a duty of five dol-
lars per barrel upon flour, he might not go up to
a duty of six dollars, but he might impose a duty
of two dollars and a hall; or, in other words, that
the President was confined to levying duties less
than those which had been levied by Mexico, but
could not impose greater duties. Was that the
gentleman's explanation?
Mr. STANTON, in reply, said that the officer
or agent of any civilized Government was respon-
sible for the prudence, moderation, and humanity
with which he exercised the power intrusted to
him for making these military exactions, for seiz-
ing upon the revenue_ and other property of a
nation with which his Government is at war. He
might exact more or less than Mexican laws
allowed. But in the present case less had been
exacted. His (Mr. S.'s) argument was, that our
own commander might seize*the public revenues,
and in his discretion he might,at ail events, dimm-
ish the taxes.
Mr. SCHENCK said, perhaps the gentleman
did not understand his question. Did he under-
stand the gentleman that, claiming this power for
the President as commanndei-in-cluef, he held that
the President might levy impost duties upon arti-
cles imported into Mexico, but that thus^ duties
must be limited within the sum of the duties im-
posed by the Mexican Government? Was that
the gentleman's proposition?
Mr. STANTON replied, No, sir; that was not
liis proposition. He had affirmed the power of
the President to exercise, to any extent, his power
of exacting military contributions, as commander-
in-chief, in time of war, subject only to the respon-
sibilities of reason and humanity: but he spoke
now with respect to the seizure upon the revenues
of the Mexican Government, which, by the ad-
mission of everybody, it was his duty to make.
He exercised his discietion entirely as to the ques-
tion whether he should collect the revenue at the
rates imposed by the Mexican laws, or at more
reasonable rates. In exacting military contribu-
tions of any kind, whether in conformity to any
system or otherwise, the President and his agents
were undoubtedly responsible for the moderation
and propriety with which they exercise the power.
The mere fact of uniformity or system being adopted
did not alter the nature of the power, ft was, in |l
truth, an alleviation to some extent of the disad- !
vantages of war to the innocent inhabitants of the |
enemy's territory, as well as to the neutral nations. .
No doubt the object of the President, in reducing ,
the duties in the Mexican ports, was to increase i
the actual amount of revenue. This effect was I
produced with benefit to both this country and to |
neutral Powers. j
But the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] had I
stated that the President levied these exactions !
upon American commerce, and upon the commerce i
of neutral nations, while no exactions were made j
from the Mexicans themselves. It was not neces- !
sary to enter into the question whether the con- J
sumer pays the duty upon imports. It was suffi-
cient to say, Mexico exacted duties by her existing !
laws. "When lier ports feil into our hands, we j
might exclude all commerce by blockading the !j
poit, or we might admit it upon payment of the j;
Mexican taxes, or any restrictions more reasona- ]'
ble. No one could claim from us that we should 1
make the ports free. We had the clear right to
exact the full amount of Mexican taxes, and nei-
ther citizens of the United States nor of neutral
Powers could complaim when we relaxed the
stringent terms of the laws of the enemy.
Mr. VINTON said he understood the gentle-
man from Tennessee to claim that these revenues
were Mexican revenues, or would have been Mex-
ican revenues, and theicfore that our military com-
manders had the right to seize them. With the
gentleman's permission, he would ask him this
question: after the capture of Vera Cruz, for in-
stance, would the revenues levied upon commerce
there, while we were in possession of the place,
go into the Mexican treasury? or were they not
ours while we held possession?
Mr. STANTON replied, Well, if they were
ours, it was certainly the duty of the President to
receive and take care of them. The gentleman
had admitted, that by the capture of the port the
revenues became the property of our Government.
If so, it was the duty of our military commander
to take care of it; he ought not to let it slip through
his hands. He wouid have been negligent and
culpable had he done so.
Mr. VINTON. Because it was ours, it be-
longed to the Gonads of the United States to say
whether a tax shocMPbe imposed upon our own,
people and upon neutrals, and how the revenue
should be disposed of afterwards.
Mr. STANTON. This commerce was also
allowed to come into all the Mexican ports in our
possession. But so far as the articles in which
this commerce was carried on went towards fur-
nishing the army or individual soldiers of the
United States, the direction of the President was,
that they should be subject to no duty. Thus far,
then, the regulations adopted by the President
transferred to our Government the duties which
would have been paid to the Mexican Government.
He appropiiated to our use that which, by the
chance of war, had become ours.
.But it seemed that another principle was to be
applied to the acts of the President. From all that
was to be elicited by the question just propounded,
,it seemed that gentlemen were disposed to claim
that the Government of the United States was the
owner of these revenues, that this Government had
a right to seize upon the revenue of the Mexican
Government. Well, if these revenues, then, were
actually property of the United States—property
which, by the chances of war, had come into the
possession of the United States, why should not
the President proceed to take possession of it and
apply it to the use of the United States. He ad-
mitted that the question of the right to take pos-
session of these revenues was a very diflerent one
from the question as to the authority for its dis-
bursement. But as to the seizing and taking pos-
session of property which had become ours, it was
clearly withm the scope of the President's duty to
take possession of this public property and apply it
to the benefit of the United States. Especially was
it his duty so to do, so long as Congress would
not make any regulation in reference to it. The
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] had avowed
here to day, that, although the Secretary of War
had called on him ill his capacity as chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means to piopose
some law upon this subject^no effort was made to
arrest the action of the President.
Mr. VINTON said th^entleman was mistaken
when he had said that they had been called upon
to make regulations to control the exercise of this
power, or right—whatever it might ba called. The
Secretary of War had called upon the Committee
of Ways and Means to report some regulation by
which these officers might settle their accounts at
the Treasury Department; in other words, he had
called, upon the Congress of the United States, in
that mode, to sanction what had been done. 4This
was after these levies had been made. It was about
the time, or, if he recollected right, a short time
after the conclusion of the war with Mexico.
Mr. STANTON said he remembered, that, some
time early in the last session, something was said
on the subject by gentlemen on the other side of
the House, who undertook to question the pro-
priety of the measures of the President; but he
reiterated the assertion, that no serious effort was
made to arrest the Piesident in his alleged illegal
course, or to regulate his admitted powers in the
premises.
Mr."MEADE interposed and said, -with the
leave of the gentleman from Tennessee, he would
state, that that portion of the President's annual
message which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary contained his argument in relation
to the right of our Government to impose these
duties upon the importations into Mexico. That
question was brought up before the Judiciary
Committee, which was constituted of a majority
of gentlemen who were of the other side of the
question, and it was referred to one of them—he
thought to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Ashmits,] or to the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Hall]—to make a report on the subject
to the committee. That had never been done.
He had been very punctual in his attendance upon
that committee, and he had never heard that there
was any attempt made to bring ijp the question
again in any tangible form.
Mr.STANTON, (resuming.) That was precisely
what he had before asserted. And now, what was
the position in which gentlemen on the other side
had placed themselves? During the whole of the
eight months of the last session, they say that the
President has been exercising a power which they
believed to be an unconstitutional encroachment
upon the legislative authority—a grave charge of
usurpation, rendering him liable to impeachment.
And yet, having it altogether in their own hands,
they do not signalize their sincerity by the slightest
attempt by law to arrest his proceedings ! Sir,
(said Mr. S.) if the course of the President was
an usurpation, these gentlemen are responsible for
its permission and continuance, because, seeing it
all the time, they did not attempt to arrest. They
have at least left it to the country to infer, that it
is nothing but the voice of faction now, when they
charge this course upon the President as an un-
warrantable usurpation of power.
Butone single remark more in replyt^the gentle-
man from Ohio, and he would have done with these
desultory observations. The gentleman had said,
that the President, as commander-in-chief of the
army and navj®could not rightfully seize upon
the revenues of Mexico, but the Government could
have seized upon thera. -The argument was, that
the President has not the power to take possession
of property which the chances of war have cast
upon our hands, but he must wait for Congress to
pass a law in relation to it. He must wait—how
long? The chairman of the Committee of Ways
and= Means had declared that he could do nothing;
and during the eight months of the long session
past, he did not even attempt to bring forward any
measure to enable the officers of the army to take
possession of this property. I speak of the rev-
enues of Mexico as property, for the gentleman
[Mr. Vinton] has said, that by the capture of the
ports of the enemy, they became ours—our prop-
1 erty, ,
I Mr. VINTON wished to be allowed to set the
i gentleman right. The very first week of the last
session, he had offered a resolution, which had
1 <^one to the Judiciary Committee, directing that
' committee to inquire by ny.n or authority
: the President of the United States had levied these
moneys, and disbursed them witnout authority of
i law.
Mr.STANTON. An inquiry, simpiy—a mere
I resolution of inquiry into the legality of themeas-
! ure, which was prosecuted to no issue, by the com-
i mittee of ths House to which it was referred;,
