THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 4,
and of which cqmmitteetta majority belonged to
the gentleman's party, the political enemies of lhe
President, and of those who defend him. He re-
prated the assertion which he had before made—
standing, as it did, still unrefuted—that these gen-
tlemen saw what they considered as an usurpation
going on, hour after hour and day after day, du-.
ring these eight months of the war, yet they
never raised their hand to prevent these illegal
proceedings. And now it was only when the
occasion nad gone by, when there remained no
necessity for action, "that-it was proposed to do
something. But what now was proposed to be
done ?* He left it for gentlemen to Say what they
would do, now when they were powerless to do
any good.
Mr. BOTTS said, from the first moment of the
issuing of this order levying taxes in the Mexican
ports, he had regarded it as one of the most arbi-
trary and unwarrantable usurpations of powerand
violations of duty that had occurred since the
foundation of this Government Entertaining that
opinion, he had felt it to he his duty—(and he said
this in reply to the repealed remark of the gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton,] who had
called upon his (Mr. B.'s) side of the House to
know why no effort had been made during the
whole of the last session to bring this subject be-
fore the country)—he had felt'it to be his duty, at
the earliest period of the session in which the op-
portunity had presented itself—it was either in the
month of January or February—to present to this
House the identical resolution, verbatim el liter-
atim, that had been adopte^ some three weeks
since, upon which the answer of the President of
the United States was predicated; and upon a mo-
tion made by him at that time for a suspension of
the rules, in order to obtain the passage of the res-
olution, he believed almost every member on the
^otherside of the House, including the gentleman
from Tennessee, had voted against a suspension of
the rules. And there had stood the resolution
from that time to the termination of the session
upon their calendar, where it could never be
reached; and it had died with the session itseif.
But so firmly had he been impressed with the im-
portance of this question, that he had again felt it
to be his duty, at the commencement of this ses-
sion, at the first opportunity, to repeat that prop-
■ osition—to offer the resolution again; and then,
after some of the political questions of the day'
had been settled, had this resolution been permit-
ted to pass, by gentlemen who had previously op-
posed it. It might have been suspected, that for
political ends this resolution had been introduced
at the previous session, when it'was rejected by
the other side oi' the House; but no such imputa-
tions could be made upon him at this time, as far
as the Presidential election was concerned.
Mr. STANTON suggested to the gentleman,
that the passage of that resolution was not neces-
sary to the passage of a law on the subject.
Mr. BOTTS replied, if it was not necessary for
the passage of a law, ll was not necessary for gen-
tlemen on the other side to havt^ppposed it. It
asked for information; informal®! was what he
wanted now. He had wished to act fairly, impar-
tially, justly towards the Executive of the United
States. He had been anxious to make a call upon !
him, to know on what authority lie had based his i
action, in order to give him a full and fair oppor-
tunity,before the country of sustaining himself, if
he could. •
This document he regarded as one of the most
important documents which had ever been pre-
sented to Congress, certainly while he had had the ;
honor of a seat on this iloor. It was one in the j
discussion upon which, when the proper time
should arrive, he should be anxious to take part.
But he was not now prepared, and he presumed
no gentleman was prepared, to enter into a fuil
argument upon the question; and he thought it
should be reserved to a future day. He tiianked
the gentleman from Oiiio [Mr. Vinton] for the
remarks which he had made on the spur of the occa-
sion, anil still more,he was obliged to thegentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. C. J. Ingersoll] for the
iew remarks that had fallen from him, inasmuch
as they served to show that there was still a dispo-
sition on the part of that side of the House to hold
to a proper and rigid accountability the executive
otfieers of the Government. !
It was his purpose, when this message had been I
received, inasmuch as he had moved the resolution i
to which it was a response, to have moved its
reference to the Committee on the Judiciary.; but
he was perfectly satisfied with the proposition of
the gentleman from Georgia, to send it to a select
committee; and he hoped that, before the House
engaged in a general discussion, they might-have
a full, deliberate investigation, and an elaborate
report.
In accordance with the suggestion ef gentlemen
about him, he would move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, arid the
main question was ordered.
Mr. STANTON inquired if it was a part of the
motion to print the message?
Mr. TOOMBS said he had not made a motion
to print, in connection with the motion to refer.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL said he had made the
motion to print.
The SPEAKER said the motion to print of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania had been received
previous to the demand for the previous question-!
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, called for a
division of the question, then.
The question was accordingly taken on the first
branch, and decided in the affirmative, without a
division.
So the message of the President was referred to
a select committee.
The question recurring on the second branch of
the question, viz: the proposition to print, was
taken, and decided in the affirmative—yeas 103,
nays 59.
' So the messitge was ordered to be printed.
Mr. VINTON moved a reconsideration of the
vote just taken, and moved to lay that motion on
the table; which was agreed to.
the Journals. He had certainly placed it on fair
ground. He admitted he might have confounded
the resolution with some other which he had
offered, and for the consideration of which the
House had refused to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER here interposed, and reminded
gentlemen that there was no question before the
House.
On motion, the House adjourned.
PETITIONS.
The following petitions were presented under tile rule,
and leferred:
By Mr. J?HELPS: The petition of George W. Kuld, pray-
ing compensation for property destroyed by order of the
commander of a detachment of our troops in New Mexico.
; By Mr. FRANKLIN CLARK : The petition of J. sJpoflbrd
: and 497 others, citizens of East Thomaston, for a new col-
lection district at East Thomaston, in the State of Maine,
i Also, of Thomas Martin and 82 others', citizens of St. George;
j of Aiden Robinson and 7a others, citizens of Cushmg; of
[ Eleazer Crabtree and-121 "there, citizens of Noith IJavcn
] and Vinalhaven; of William Thomas and 77 others, eiti-
; zens of North Haven; of Lewis Ames and 48 others, citi-
i zens of Matinicus Plantation: all for the same object,
i AI>o, of Manna?seh H. Smith and 64 others, citizens of
Warren, in the State of Maine, for a reduction of postage.
I By Mr. WENTWORTH: The petition of fifty-nine citi-
1 zens of llorse Creek, Iroquois county, Illinois, praying that
| the public lands shall not be sold forever, but shall be given
i to such landless citizens as will occupy them.
I By Mr. KELLOGG: The petition of inhabitants of Crown
Point, New York, praying for a revision of the tanff, and
tor a lestitution of specific, instead of ad valorem duties on
foreign imports.
By Mr. MANN, of Pennsylvania: The petition of Joseph
S. Bernett, Henry Smith, J. G. Woodward, and 3C6 others,
citizens of Jefferson, Indiana, Armstrong, and Clear/leld
counties, Pennsylvania, praying for a mail route from Lu-
thershurg, Cleariield county, via Punxsutawney, Schmicks-
burg, and Rural Village, to Kittaning, in Armstrong county.
Also, of Samuel Cooper, a captain in the Pennsylvania voJ-
Mr. McLANE said he rose to move an adjourn- '! unteers, m the army of the United States, in the late war
ment; but before doing so, he wished to give the
gentleman fiom Virginia [Mr. Botts] an oppor-
tunity to correct an error in his statement in regard
to the votps of gentlemen on his (Mr. McL.'s)
side of the House.
Mr. BOTTS said he would do so with great pleas-
ure. He had said a few moments since that when
he had at the last session of Congress presented
the resolution to which the message now received
from the President of the United States was an
answer, it had been voted against by gentlemen on
the other side of the House pretty generally, and,
he believed, among them b^gjg gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton/
the Journal, however, he did not find that he had
made a motion to suspend the rules to consider the
resolution. Upon application to the Clerk, he had
been informed, that though the fact was that every
such motion should be recorded, when the House
refused to suspend the rules, the motions to do so
were sometimes not entered on the Journal. Wheth-
er it had occurred in this case, he was not able to
say. It was possible he might have confounded
this resolution m his recollection with some other
for which the House had refused to suspend the
rules. It might be that the House had refused
to suspend the rules; or it might be that^it was laid
over under the rules, as the Journal stated.
Mr. McLANE wished the gentleman to read
what the Journal did state.
Mr. BOTTS read accordingly. [The Journal
siated that Mr. Botts offered the following reso-
lution, which lay over under the rule, &c.]
He repeated, he was willing-to allow that he
might have confounded this resolution with some
i other resolution on which the House had refused
; to suspend the rules, and it might not have been
! considered, because the gentlemen on the other
! side had made their customary objection,'or the
, House might have refused to* suspend the rules,
; and the motion not have been entered upon the
; Journal.
j Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, wished to ask
; the gentleman from Virginia whether it was at all
1 to be presumed, in this case, that the Clerk had
| omitted what it was his sworn duty to do, viz: to
| keep a true record of the proceedings of the
House, but that he had recorded a positive false-
[ hood, by saying that it lay over under the rules,
! if it was the fact, as the gentleman said it might
j be, that a motion to suspend the rules had been ;
i made and lost?
with England, praying for a pension.
By Mr. PEYTON: The petition of W. S. McDowell and
otheis, for a post route from RusselJvilfe, via Rochester, to
Hartford.
By Mr. MURPHY- The petition of N. B. Morse, C. C.
Smith, and 55 other citizens of Brooklyn, New York, piay-
mg a reduction of postage and the abolition of the franking
privilege. Also, of J. P. Brown, Samuel B. Judson, and 58
other citizens of Brooklyn and New York, also praying a
reduction of postage and the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.   
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 4, 1849.
)T«(te"eentIeraah from !i The VICE PRESIDENT presented to the Sen-
jWp reference to '■ ate a communication from the War Department,
d not find that he had '' containing a statement of the Second Comptroller,
showing the balances of appropriations for the ser-
vices of the War Department, as follows:
Amount applicable to the service of the fiscal
yearl847-'48 £43,931,642 06
From which &um dcduct amount of refunding
and transfer requisitions  3,301,770 62
Will fahow the amount actually applicable to
the above period  40,629,873 44
From which deduct amount drawn by requi-
sitions from the treasury... $32,576,681 43
From which last sum deduct
amount drawn by refunding
and transfer requisitions ... 3,301,770 62
  29,274,910 81
Will leave the aggregate, on the 30th June,
18-18  11,354,960 63
, Comptroller.
ALBION K. PARRIS,
Treasury Department,
Second Comptroller's Office, December 29, 1848.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the petition of the
publishers of papers in the city ©f New York,
asking that they may be allowed to exchange
their publications free of postage; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a memorial from
the captains of steamboats and other citizens, ask-
ing for the removal of the dangerous rocks m Hurl
Gate channel and New York harbor, setting forth
that " Pot Rock," which obstructs nearly the mid-
dle of the channel, is the cause of about half the
disasters that occur, and that this rock is but eight
feet below the water, and has a top not larger than
a barrel head, extending downward in a slant, and
of a pyramidal shape, and can be removed by
blasting, as there is from sixty to seventy-two feet
on one side of it. Mr. Southard, a pilot at the
Mr. BOTTS said the gentleman placed a very Gate, has offered to blast this rock thirty feet be-
Wnr?Y£° v "l1","? sa,d,', ,H 6 ! I Iow water for S6>000' The memorial was referred
iaa not intended to implicate the Cieck at all; but |i to the Committeemen Commerce.
nad referred to what he had been informed by the H Mr. DIX presented the petition of ninety-'our
Clerk was sometimes the practice m making up ll citizens of New York, praying for a reduction of
