1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
153
I'
*>
*
*
the rates of postage; which was referred to tho I
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads. j
Mv. CAMERON presented seven petitions of !
citiz-ens of Berks county; seven petitions of citizens i
of- Schuylkill county; a petition from citizens of
Lebanon county; a petition from citizens of Dau-
phin county; a petition from citizens of Elizabeth
township; antj*a petition from citizens of Philadel-
phia county, in the State' of Pennsylvania, asking
an increase of the duties on foreign manufactures,
and complaining that the manufacturing and-mi-
ning interests ot' said State are suffering great de- j
preasion, and threatened with entire prostration;!
which were referred to the Committee on Finance. .
Mr. BORLAND presented resolutions adopted I
by the Legislature o'f Arkansas in favor of the
establishment of a mail route from Antoin post
office, Arkansas, to Clarksville, in Texas; a mail
route from Avkadelphia to the county seat of
Montgomery county, Arkansas; a mail route from
Boonville to Ozark; and a mail route from Clarks-
viHe to St. Paul's office, in said State; which were
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the petition of
Catharine Elves, widow of a naval surgeon, asking
for a pehsion; which was teferred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
NOTICES OF BIX.LS.
Mr. DIX gave notice that he would to-morrow,
or on some subsequent day, ask leave to^introduce
a bill authorizing an appropriation for removing
(•ocks, &c., in the harbor of New York.
Mr. ATCHISON gave notice that he would to-
morrow, or on some subsequent day, ask leave to
introduce a bill granting to the State of Missouri a
right of way and a donation of public lands, for
the purpose of constructing a railway.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, reported a bill for the relief
of Adjutant General Roger Jones; which was read
a first tune, and the report was ordered to be
printed*.
[The bill allows to General Jones the pay and
emoluments.of his commission as Adjutant General
from the time of the reduction of the army in 1821
to March 7, 1827, when he was restored to his
rank in the staff of the army; provided that the
pay and emoluments of captain of artillery during
the same period be deducted therefrom.]
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, to whom was referred the
joint resolution to amend an act entitled "An act
to raise, for a limited time, an additional military
force, and for other purposes," approved 11th Feb-
ruary, 1847, reported that, in the opinion of the
committee, it was inexpedient to enlarge the limit
of the provisions in the act above recited; and
asked to be discharged from the further consider-'
ationof the same; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported House bill providing for the pun-
ishment of false swearing in certain eases, without
amendment. I
PENSION TO A WOUNDED SOLDIER. j
-Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com- >
mittee on Pensions, to whom was referred the pe- i
tition of James M. Scantland, reported a bill'for ;
his relief; which was read a first and second time''
by unanimous consent.
Mr. TURNEY. This is a very extraordinary
case, and one which, in my opinion, requires the, ;
immediate attention of Congress. It will be seen, I
on reference to the papers accompanying the re-
port, that Scantland was severely and dangerously ,
wounded, a musket ball entering his right eye, and ,
coming out below the left ear. It appears by the 1
report°that his wounds, and the care and anxiety ;
which he has since undergone on account of his
utter inability to support himself and his family,
h£\ve induced a pulmonary disease, and that he
cannot possibly live but a very short time. It is
further shown by tho statement of the Surgeon
General that he is unable to labor, and that it is
altogether probable he will in a very short time
lose the sight of his other eye, and especially if he
is obliged to continue to labor for the support of
his family. In fact he cannot labor. He is en-
tirely dependent for support upon the appropria-
tion proposed to be made by the bill, and cannot
sustain himseif without it. _lt is now in the power
of Congress, by speedy action, not only to reward
past injuries and sufferings, but to prevent the ad-
ditional and irreparable loss of the man's remaining
eye, which would entirely deprive him of the fac-
ulty of vision.
This is a case which calls strongly for the sym-
pathy of Congress. I have, therefore, to ask that
the Senate will take up this bill and act upon it at
once. It can consume but a few minutes, and un-
der the circumstances I think that the sum named
ill the bill is very moderate, while by its passage
this worthy and gallant, though unfortunate man,
will be enabled to pass the few remaining days he
has to sojourn on earth in comparative ease.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana. This is a very
extraordinary case, and strongly calls for our sym-
pathy, as the Senator from Tennessee has said.
The petitioner served throughout the whole of the
•Mexican war, and uniformly displayed great gal-
lantry. He led the forlorn hope at one of the most
desperate battles in Mexico, and was shot through
the head, as has already been stated. Inconse-
quence of that wound he has lost the sight of one j
eye. It was a dreadful wound, and the bones are j
working out of it now. He has not only lost the!
use of one eye, but the probability is that he will [
lose the other, which is now much impaired. |
At the last session of Congress he was allowed |
thirty dollars per month; bui not being able to j
support hi3 family upon that sum, he was com- ]
ptilled to resort to manual labor. He obtained a !
clerkship in one of the departments. But his '
support his family. His anxiety, together with
the exertions which it would be necessary for him
to put forth to maintain his family, I am satisfied,
would in a very short time terminate his existence.
What little acquaintance I have with him justifies
me in pronouncing him a very correct, upright,
and honorable man. This is a very serious case,
and I think there will be no danger in establishing
a precedent of this sort. Few men are ever wound-
ed as this individual has been; and if there should
be others thus wounded, I think no better appro-
priation of money could be made than in extending
to all such individuals a support for themselves
and families.
Mr. NILES. I should like to know upon what
sound or established principle fifty dollars per month
isallowed to this claimant.
Mr. JOHNSON. I mentioned the fact before,
that Congress three years ago passed an act allow-
ing the same stipend to Captain Harrison because
of the loss of a leg. This-is a much stronger case.
This man has lost an eye, and the other one is so
much affected that he can scarcely use it. He has
also nearly lost his hearing. In addition to these
physical injuries, he is afflicted with a pulmonary
complaint,whichhis physician certifies wasbrought
on by exposure and the vicissitudes of the service
during the war. There being a precedent in the
case of Captain Harrison, we can safely pass this
bill. I would say, in reference to the amount pro-
posed to be allowed him, that some of the rr.em-
friends remonstrated against his applying himself bcrs of the comm.ittee were of the opinion that it
to any labor whatever; and the Surgeon General ! should be increased.
declared, and has certified, that if he continued !! Mr. TURNEY. I trust the Senate will pass
in that employment, or in any employment, he i this bill. His peculiar condition, from the wounds
would inevitably lose the use of his other eye. He | which he has received, totally disabling him from
is consequently cut off from all hope of contnb- j laboring for a subsistence, gives great force and
uting to the support of his family by the labor of i pertinency to the application for assistance,
his own hands. i Mr. NILES. I object to the passage of this
The pension allowed the petitioner at the last ■ bill on principle. It cannot be assumed that Gov-
't session is altogether insufficient for the support of
■ his family; and' as he cannot, except at a fearful
| risk, aid in their support, it seems to me that it
! would be no more than "an act of justice to him to
j allow him an increase. This is one of the strong-
i est eases that can possibly be presented. The S
1 petitioner was shot down, and for some time was ,|
! supposed to be dead, and the preservation of his ;
: life was almost miraculous. His sufferings have I'i
been severe, and thdjlyre still severe. I will men- j
tion, by way of precedent, that some years ago a ;!
petition was presented from a Captain Harrison, j]
who had served in the northern war of 1812-'13, I;
and who lost his leg. He was allowed a pension, !■
il but it being rather small, as he supposed, he ap- !
plied for additional pay, similar to the application
now before the Senate. Mr. Bates, who was then
j1 chairman of the Committee on Pensions, in whom
! the Senate have always had the greatest confi-
dence, never having reversed one of his favorable
ij reports, made a report on the case, and allowed
!; this captain fifty dollars per month. This man, I
ernment is responsible for the subsistence of all
the families who have lost fathers, sons, or brothers
in the service of the United States. I ask, would
not the principle here proposed to be set up apply
with equal force to the widows and relatives of
those individuals whose lives were sacrificed du-
ring the war ? I opposed the bill for the relief of
Captain Harrison, and as this case rests upon the
same principle, I equally object to it. In cases of
this character, as with families who have been en-
tirely deprived of their natural supporters, we can
do nothing more than afford a reasonable compen-
sation for their privations. We cannot make full
and complete indemnity. I move that the amount
be fixed at forty dollars per month, in place of fifty.
This, I think, will be a sufficient allowance.
Mr. BELL inquired if there was any precedent
for a case so peculiar as this?
Mr. JOHNSON stated that he was not aware of
any.
Mr. BELL. 1 cannot conceive of a cpse more
deserving of the action of the Senate. Tne circum-
stances and physical condition of this individual
^aia told, is a very hearty man. He lost only his
I1 le°\ He can walk about; and his loss does not >j have been already forcibly presented; and I trust
j materially injure him in the performance of busi- j! Senators will be l^hienced by their peculiar char-
|l ness. He is able to write and to do many other j: acter to affirmative action in the case. I was about
■j things by which to earn a maintenance, but he j to propose an amendment to the bill, but as I am
!! was allowed fifty dollars per month. Now, it ; informed it might perhaps endanger its passage, I
! I seems to me that this is a much stronger case, and i: will not present it. I trust the bill will pass.
; , one much more deserving of sympathy and allevi- ! The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
'! anon than the one to which 1 have referred. I '' Nu.es, and it was decided in the negative.
■' will state, for the information of the Senate, that i] The bill was then reported to the Senate, and
i the committee were of the unanimous opinion that ; no further amendment having been offered, it was
;i the petitioner should be allowed fifty dollars per ; ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, and
month, and 1 hope, with my friend from Tennes- j! was subsequently, by unanimous consent *
see, [Mr. Turkey,] that the Senate will take up ;
this bill and pass it at once. i
! Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, I am satisfied that
i if Senators were all acquainted with the facts of
this case there would not be a dissenting voice on
. the passage of this bill. This individual is a worthy
' man. tie was wounded in the head, and Ins >
: wound has, perhaps, to some extent affected his i
intellect. He has a large family, il I am rightly
; informed, dependent upon his exertions for^sup-
1 port, and such has been his anxiety to provide for
' the support of that family that he has resorted to j
| a'laborious occupation. I have no uoubt that the J ucili3ul
anxiet^ and exertion which this individual has un- ; otj)er pufp0ses, was recommitted, for the purpose
, dergone have very seriously injured him, and have of amendmcnt, t0 the Committee on Finance,
contributed still more to lessen ins ability to pro- :
vide for the necessities of his family. i4 PRIVATE CLAIMS.
: I understand that without the increase of pen. ! The Senate then proceeded to consider the mo-
i sion contemplated in this bill he cannot possibly [ tion made by Mr. Bell, on the 3d instant, to re-
read
a third time,-and passed.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. DAYTON presented the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed to:
Picsolverf, That the Committee on Printing be instructed
to inquiie into tiie propriety ot purchasing, for the use ot the
Senate, copies or a map ot the United States, the iiritish
Provinces, Mexico, &c., showing the routes of the United
States mail steampaekets, Sec., to California, lately published
by J. H. Colton, of New York.
On motion of Mr. ATHERTON, the act requi-
ring all moneys receivable from customs and from
all other sources to be paid immediately into the
treasury, without abatement or deduction, and for
