154
THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 4,
consider the vote on engrossing the bill for the
relief of John P. Baldwin.
Mr. KING. 1 would not say a word upon the
subject of this bill, after the lengthy discussion
which has been had upon it, were it not that the
few remarks 1 made upon the occasion of its con-
sideration were so reported that 1 seem not only
to have misstated the faets in the case, but to have
been guiltyof the grossest inconsistency and ig-
norance in my statements. What I did state upon
that occasion was, that I did not intend to enter
into any discussion whatever, in regard to the
obligation on the part of Government to make
good to its citizens all losses sustained by them in
consequence of the destruction of their pioperty
by an officer of the United Slates, provided it were
apparent that the destruction took place from an
honest conviction on the part of the officer occa-
sioning it that it,was necessary to the interests of
the service, and of course to the Government.
1 stated further that tl\e first action of the Gov-
ernment with regard to claims of this character
was after it had been submitted to judicial decision;
and that in the war with Great Britain many cases
arose in which officers were first subjected to a
suit from the individual aggrieved, based upon the
charge ttiat a trespass had been committed on his
property, and "that then, if judgment was obtained
against the officer, the Government took it into
consideration whether the officer had acted in good
faith, and for the interests of the United States, in
causing the property to be destroyed, to prevent its
falling into the hands of the enemy, and should
therelore indemnify the sufferer. Since that time,
in several cases, the Government have gone further,
and made the indemnity prior to any judicial de-
cision or casting of judgment.
I then stated also that I would not upon that
occasion enter into any examination as to the
propiiety of the action of the officer in causing the
destruction to be made.
What caused me to vote against the bill was this:
This property, purchased by Mr. "Baldwin, had
been lying upon the coast of Florida for several
months; for it was in evidence that the vessel was
wrecked in 1835, and that it was not until some
time in 1836 that it was destroyed. I would here
say that 1 did not state, as 1 am reported in one of"
the papers, that the vessel was carried into Key
West, but that she lay upon the coast in her
wrecked condition for several months, and was
then destroyed. 1 then stated that the ballast,
rigging, and spars were valueless; for can any one
believe that those articles would remain there for
several months, necessarily exposed as they were,
without being lendeied completely useless? The
testimony, Ialsoiemarked,iii relation to the amount
of property on board, was contradictory. 1 would
heie state that the names of these seamen prove
that they weie not Spaniards; they have English or
Ameucan names. One of the men swears he heard
it said thit there were six tons of lead on board,
and another swears that he knew it to be the fact.
Whether these six tons of lead could have been
saved or not, is for Senators to determine. These
were my objections to the bill,#lnch induced mc
to vote against its passage, as they will influence
me to vote against its reconsideration.
Mr. YULEE. The principle involved in this
£ill has been already so fully discussed that 1 pre-
sume the mind of every Senator is made up in re-
gard to it. The objection of the honorable Senator
from Alabama, as 1 understand it, is made simply
to the amount of compensation provided by the
bill. It is not-denied, 1 believe, that if the princi-
ple asserted by the committee by whom the bill
was reported, and maintained in argument by gen-
tlemen in this Chamber when the question was
'formerly before the Senate, be correct, that the case
comes within the principle; and the only question
now is, as I understand it, whether the compensa-
tion allowed by the bill exceeds a just and proper
compensation. If this be the ground of the hon-
orable Senator's objection, 1 would suggest to him,
as the proper course on his part, to propose such
amendments as will enable the proper officers of
the Government to ascertain and fix, by some just
and proper means, the true value of the loss sus-
tained by the claimant.
Mr. KING. Why does not the Senator propose j
such amendments himself?
Mr. YULEE. My colleague has more particu-
larly the charge of the bill; I have not the charge
of it; and I will suggest to the honorable Senator
from Alabama, that the opposition made to the re-
consideration precludes the friends of the bill from
the power of offering an amendment. It is not
now in order. If the Senator will withdraw his
opposition, and permit the vote on reconsideration
to be t^ken, then it will be in the power of those
who advocate the bill to propose such amend-
ments, or in the power of the Senator from Ala-
bama, who now objects to the reconsideration, to
propose such amendments as may be necessary
and proper. And I submit to the gentleman from
Alabama that the opposition he is making to the
reconsideration of the bill is scarcely a fair one, if
his objection be simply to the amount proposed to
be allowed; because it places it out of the power
of those who have the management of the bill, or
those who are friendly to its passage, to propose
any necessary amendment. It is only after the
question of reconsideration has been decided that
an amendment can be offered. I hope, therefore,
that the honorable Senator will withdraw his op-
position, and vote for the reconsideration.
Mr. "WALKER. I do not rise to discuss the
merits of the motion forreconsideration, butmerely
for the purpose of making a few observations in re-
gard to the report of the discussion which we had the
other day upon this subject. The honorable Sen-
ator from Alabama having made allusion to that re-
port, 1 desire also to state, that upon looking at the
Intelligencer, I find myself made to say precisely the
reverse of what I did say, and I understand that it
was by mereaccident that the Senator from Florida
was not made to say, in the report of his remarks
in another paper, that I had acted very ungentle-
manly. I understand that the Senator from Flor-
ida, having the good fortune to see the report that
was made of his remarks before its publication,
ai.d finding such language attributed to him, had
j the generosity and kindness to amend the report,
I and to insert what he really did say. In regard to
; the report of my own remarks, I was made to say
: exactly the reverse of what I really said; and I
! shail certainly take the earliest opportunity when
1 the subject comes up, to give my vote for reversing
! the resolution of the Senate under which the reports
of our proceedings are made.
Mr. KING. X will go with you in reversing
that resolution. . •,
Mr. WALKER. I was made to say that where
the property of ari individusdjyas made use of in-
directly by the Governmenrptlie individual was
not entitled to compensation. What 1 said was,
that in such case the claimant would be entitled to
compensation. For one, if I am to be reported in
this way, 1 shall be under the necessity of request-
ing that my humble effoits may be suffered to* pass
without being reported at all.
jj Mr. WESfOOTT. It is not my desire to press
|j this bill to its final passage; and I assure the hon-
j; orable Senator from Alabama that if he votes for
I! the reconsideration, and the motion prevails, the
jj bill may lie over, so that he shall have ample op-
M portunity to satisfy himself in legard to it. 1 pre-
jj surae, therefore, there will be no objection to the
reconsideration.
The question for the reconsideration of the vote
upon the bill being put, it was, upon a division,
decided in the affirmative: Ayes 18, noes 17.
Mr. WESTCOTT. The remaiks of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin [Mr. Walker] make it
proper that I should say a few words in explana-
tion of a matter he alluded to. After the debate on
this bill when last before the Senate, I obtained
the notes of the reporter for the Union for my re- !
vision, as, when 1 have leisure, is usually my '
t practice, and as I have found, unless I am willing
| to be erroneously reported, is the only safe prac-
; tice with any reporter. I was mortified and sur-
j prised at finding by these notes that I was reported
! as havir.g used the word " ungentlemanly" with
! reference to the allusions of the Senator from Wis-
consin to the navy officers. I corrected it at once;
but, apprehensive lest 1 might have been misheard
by others, 1 called on the Senator immediately,
and stated that the report was as I have observed
and that I had corrected it; that it was a mistake,'
as I could not have used such language; in which
the Senator agreed with me. While on the floor,
I take occasion to say I do not agree with the Sen-
II ators who condemn the reporters. The reporters
jj employed by both the Intelligencer and Union are,
I I think, infinitely superior to any the Senate has
j had since 1 have held a seat heie. They are im-
I partial and obliging, and disposed to afford every
facility to enable Senators to be represented prop-
erly in the reports; and if jail the Senators would
revise their remarks as several do, whenever the
subject is at all important, there would be no
trouble or dissatisfaction. I am surprised that the
reports are so nearly accurate as they are, when
the difficulty of hearing from the seats of the. re-
porters is so great, and if they ara, given better
seats, I doubt not it would obviate all complaint.
The further consideration of the bill was then
postponed until to-morrow.
PAY FdR VOLUNTARY CLERICAL SERVICES.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
motion made by Mr. Dickinson, on the ]8th of
June last, to reconsider the vote on passing to a
third reading the bill for the relief of John Devlin;
and the motion having been agreed to—
Mr. KING. I befieve there is not a Senator
who knows what is the nature of this claim; and
it is evident, therefore, that if the vote be taken
now, we cannot vote understandmgly. I think,
under the circumstances, it will be as well to
recommit the bill, in order that we may be put in
possession of the requisite information.
* Mr. DICKINSON. When this matter was be-
fore the Senate a few months ago, it was fully
examined. I do not pretend to understand all the
details. I made this motion in order to put it in
the power of the friends of the bill to make such
explanation as may be necessary. I do not take
it upon myself to explain, nor do 1 understand
minutely the facts upon which the claim is based.
Mr. WESTCOTT. As I reported this bill from
the Committee of Claims, I will state briefly the
nature of the claim, and 1 apprehend that Senators
will at once remember the case, for it was fully
discussed at the time. When it was first presented
I was decidedly opposed to it, and reported against
it. It was subsequently recommitted, and the com-
mittee being satisfied with the evidence that was
produced before them, reported in favor of the bill.
The case is simply this: The Fifth Auditor of the
Treasury employed Mr. Devlin in one of the of-
fices attached to his bureau during the temporary
absence of one of-the regular clerks. The busi-
ness of the department increasing very much, he
continued to be employed some thirteen months
or more after the return of the gentleman whose
place he had filled, in anticipation of Congress
making an appropriation for an additional clerk in
that department, and during that time he was em-
ployed in the discharge of very important duties.
Congress did not make the appropriation, and the
consequence was, that this man could not get his
allowance from the Auditor, because there was no
law which authorized the payment of an additional
clerk. I was opposed to the claim until the Aud-
itor wrote a letter setting forth the facts of the case,
and I then became satisfied, although there was
some difference of opinion among Senators m re-
gard to it, that h£ ought to be remunerated for his
labor.
Mr. ICING. I have now some recollection of
the case, since the explanation of the Senator from
Florida. There is but one point in the case which
is now presented to the Senate that is in the slight-
est degree hostile to the allowance of the claim,
and that point is, that .lie was employed to do the
labor which properly belonged to others, while
there was no specific appropriation made by .Con-
gress authorizing the payment of an additional
clerk; but the evidence is complete and perfect that
he not only labored in the office during the time
set forth, but that he discharged duties there of the
most important character, such as perhaps few
men in the office could have peiformed, £iid by
which the Governriient of the United States was
saved probably some thirty or forty thousand dol-
lars in the settlement of claims which had been
previously alio\^d, but which were found, upon
his investigation, to be erroneous. I repeat,'there
is but one solitary objection, and that is, that he
was not employed under the specific authority of
an act of Congress authorizing the appointment of '
an additional clerk. But, passing that by, and
considering the claim upon its merits as a claim
for compensation for services rendered, I think the
individual is fairly entitled to the compensation
which he asks, for it is certain that he honestly and
faithfully performed the duties of his position—du-
ties which could scarcely have been performed by
any other individual.
Mr. WILES. I recollect hia case very well. I
