im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 4,
sion of by Colonel Harney, arid delivered over to
the quartermaster's department, and portions of
them were used, and some of them sold, and the
proceeds applied to the use and sustenance'of the
army. What was done with the residue of these
foods remainingspecificafly on hand is not shown,
"he party is entitled to payment from the Gov-
ernment for the amountof goods which were taken
into the possession of the officers-of the army and
used as the Government at the time thought prop-
er. A portion of the goods were used, and the rest
were destroyed. My idelPwould be, therefore, that
all that part of the bill relating to the destruction
of the property should be stricken out, and that
the accounting officer of the Government should
be required to pay for the goods which were de-
livered over to the quartermaster's departmentand
used by the'Government.
For such a bill 1 could vote, but I cannot vote
for a bill which involves the incongruity of pay-
ing for goods which were both "destroyed" and
" used" by the Government.
Mr. N1LES. Destroyed or used would answer.
Several Senators. Yes, destroyed or used,
would express the facts conectly.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, f suppose thatmy friend
over the way, who moved to amend the bill,
thought that the amendment proposed would meet
my peculiar views. I made the motion to lay the
bill on the table for the purpose of having the
amendment made. I thin'k that a portion of these
goods ought to be paid for, and that a part ought
not to be paid for. Being a member of the com-
mittee, I wish to state my recollection of the facts,
and then the Senate may dispose of the bill.
My recollection is, that the owner of these goods,
Mr. Callaghan, made a contract with Col. Harney
to go with him and take his goods along to supply
the army, by exchanging them for whatever arti-
cles of subsistence it might be necessary to obtain
from the inhabitants of the country, or to furnish
the army with goods upon the march, just as the
goods themselves or the propeity whicti might be
obtained by their sale were needed. The claimant,
under the arrangement made with Colonel Harney,
marched with his command from San Antonio to
the Rio Grande, and while upon the march these
goods were used just as^Colonel Harney needed
them. After they reached the Rio Grande they
were also used just as Colonel Harney needed
them, and a goodly portion of the property ofthis
man actually supplied the officers and soidiers with
subsistence, and ministered to their necessities.
Now, so far as that was done, I think the Govern-
ment of the United States have received the prop-
erty of this individual, through its proper officer,
and appropriated it to the use of Us army, and
therefore ought to pay for it, and with the amend-
ment the accounting officers would pay for the
property thus taken.
But, according to my recollection of the facts,
there was a considerable portion of this property left
undisposed of in ttte manner in which 1 havestated.
When Colonel Harney was ordered to abandon
that campaign and return, these goods were de-
stroyed or left behind, perhaps turned over, as the
gentleman to the light says, to the quartermaster's
department, but upon that point my recollection
does not serve me. My impression was, however,
upon the examination before the committee, that
these goods had never been turned over to the
United States in such a manner as to make them
it's property. If i am mistaken upon this point—
and it would seem that I am from the statement of
the honorable Senator from Texas—1 think the
claimant should be paid for his entire stock of
goods.
Mr. RUSK. I stated this, that, under an ar-
rangement with Colonel Harney, these goods weie
placed at the disposition and under the control of
the quartermaster, and that in consequence of that
arrangement Callaghan took them from San An-
tonio to the Rio Grande, a distance of one hundred
and fifty miles.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. There is no doubt at all
about that.
Mr. RUSK. Then the officer destroyed them.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. There is no doubt at all,
sir, but that by this arrangement Mr. Callaghan
united with the army, and marchcd with it to the
Rio Grande, and that a large portion of his goods
were converted to the use of Colonel Harney's
regiment; and so far, I think, there is a claim for
compensation.
But here is the turning point in my mind. I am
not satisfied, from the testimony, that thiseian ever
parted with the control of the goods so as to place
theqn under the command of Colonel Harney and
the quartermaster's department. If he did, I
think it is a clear case, and the claimant ought to
be compensated: but I doubt whether the report is
exactly according to the facts in that respect. My
impression is, that they were never beyond the
control of Callaghan himself, and I thought that as
he retained the control of the goods upon the Rio
Grande after Harney left there, and having re-
mained behind to dispose of them for his own use,
he took upon himself the-risk of their destruction,
and therefore that he ought not to be paid for the
goods thus left.
These are the conclusions at which I arrived in
the committee, and that is the reason why I wished
that part of the bill which proposes topay for the
goods left behind on the banks of the Rio Grande
stricken out. There is clearly a case made out
against the Government for a considerable portion
of the goods, and to that extent I can vote for the
bill. If, therefore, the portion of the bill to which
I have referred be stricken out, I will give it my
hearty support.
Mr. PHELPS. I would propose the following
amendment to this bill: Insert the words " and de-
livered to the officer of the army for the use of the
army;" and strike out the expression " to prevent
the said merchandise from falling into the hands of
the enemy." This alteration will make the bill
stand where the lmphed terms of the contract
would rightfully make it stand, and of course
would make compensation for such of the goods
as were legally sold to the United States, and be-
come its property, and refer the question as to
payment fof the goods destroyed back to the ac-
counting officer.
Mr. MASON. I reported this bill from the 1
committee at the last session. The claim was
thoroughly discussed and deliberated upon by
every member of the committee, and retained by
tfye committee, as.appears by its record, until the
mouth of July, with a view to satisfy themselves
of tiie facts in the case. Although 1 do not mean
to complain, yet I would say that the Senate, in
discussing-questions of fact which have been settled
in committee, devolve upon the head of that com-
mittee a most ungracious duty to particularize the
reasons which have induced such committee to come
to a decision upon those facts. The committee can j
state the principle upon which they have acted, ;
but it is impossible for Senators individually to j
determine questions of fact" for themselves. The j
facts ascertained by the committee are these: Col. !
Harney, in undeleting a military expedition from i
San Antonio, in^Texas, to the Rio Grande, found ;
it necessary, in order to subsist the expedition— ,
which is so certified—to make the contiact out of :
which this claim arises:. Whether this was an !
authorized or an unauthorized expedition, I con- j
sider immaterial in its application to the question ;
of reimbursement for property destroyed at issue |
in this claim. Colonel Harney has certified, that
in order to maintain his expedition he was obliged I
to make this contract, and he specifies how it was i
made. He states that he contracted with Mr. i
Callaghan, a resident merchant of San Antonio, to ■
accompany the expedition with a stock of mer- !
chandise for the purpose of furnishing the army ■
with such supplies as would be nece&sary, under ,
the direction of the quartermaster of the expedi- f
tion. Thege goods were disbursed to the troops :
on various occasions in lieu of money. Tiie hon- !
orabTe Senator from Texas, states that frcu his j
personal knowledge the Harney expedition was 1
better supplied with this merchandise than if it had 1
been money.
It appears, then, from the facts of the case, that !
Colonel Harney made contracts; and the question j
comes up, how was he authorized to nlake them? 1
I apprehend that a military officer of Colonel Har- i!
ney's lank, who undertakes a military campaign :
from his own country during a state of war, is
presumed at leas't to have a certain specific author- n
lty vested m him to provide subsistence by the !j
way. If he does it without authority, he is ame- '
riable> to his Government; but it would be very 'i
difficult to carry forward an expedition of this -|
character, unless such authority was undeistood 1
to be vested in the commanding officer of the ex-
pedition. Colonel Harney, as I have said, cer-
tifies that this merchant did accompany lura, and
that, according to the contract, this merchandise
was understood to be subject to the order of the
quartermaster for the use of the army durin" the
expedition. The quartermaster certifies also°that
Mr. Callaghan accompanied the expedition with a
stock of merchandise, said stock and proceeds of
sales being subject to his order for the use and sub-
sistence of the army. I tr^st that I have now an-
swered the inquiries put forth by the honorable
Senator from Kentucky. The merchandise, then,
was subjected to the control of the quartermaster
of the expedition by order of the commanding
officer. Now, it appears that so much of the mer-
chandise as was not used by the way, was de-
posited on the Rio Grande, and used there for the
purposes of the expedition. Colonel Harney was
recalled, and left an officer in command of a de-
tachment of troops, who had under their charge
the protection of this property. What the actual
contract was is not shown; but it seems to have
been of this character: that the merchandise was
to be taken charge of by the expedition, and for
such portion of the goods as were used Mr. Cal-
laghan was to be reimbursed by drafts on the
Government; and I presume if the portion of the
goods that were not used had been returned to Mr.
Callaghan at San Antonio, it would have become
individual property, and therefore the Government
would not have been responsible for it.
It appears by* the certificates of Colonel Harney
and the quartermaster, that when Colonel Harney
was recalled he gave the merchandise in charge of
an officer commanding a detachment left upon the
Rio Grande. That officer, upon abandoning his
position, found it necessary'to destroy the prop-
erty. The, question tSen arises, was ellis mer-
chandiseldestroyedas theproperty of the merchant,
eras the prspeity of the Government? The de-
struction of the property, after it was transferred
, for the use of the Government to the hands of the
! quartermaster, of course makes the Government
] responsible for such destruction. I think, there-
j fore, that the claim stands upon a sure basis; and
i that it would be better to leave it m its present
! position: that is, that the claimant lost his property
! by having placed it under the control of this mili-
I tary officer during the expedition from San Anto-
I mo to the Rio Grande. It is to be inferred from
( the certificates of the officers of the expedition that
; a portion also of this property, after its arrival at
j the Rio Grande, was used by the officer to whom
it was left in charge, and that the entire amount of
goods left was under his control, precisely in the
same manner and to the same extent that it was
under the control of the quartet master on the
; march. When he abandoned the post he did not
take the property with him—for very good reasons,
probably because it would have been an incum-
brance during the march—but destroyed it. I sub-
■ mit, with all due deference to the Senator from
j Vermont, that, if his object is to pay the claimant
] for this property—which was under the control of
the Government, and which was destioyed by one
' of its officers, as if it were its property—he had
better allow the bill to pass as it now stands,
j Mr, PHELPS was understood to remark that
j he concurred in the view taken by the honorable
| Senator from Virginia, that the Government in
i taking charge of this property became for the time
j being its actual proprietor. The proposition which
, he advanced in his amendment would not only give
: compensation for the whole of the property lost,
j but avoid the discussion of the troublesome ques-
; tion that bad been so often befoie the Seriate—that
. the Government was responsible in all cases for
j property destroyed by order of any of its officers.
J Mr. UNDERWOOD. I am really anxious to
i vote for this bill; and the remarks of the chairman
, of the committee who reported the bill have served
: to strengthen my opinion that the property de-
stroyed ought to be paid for by the Government.
It was used by the army substantially for army
purposes, and the owner of the properly, when he
marched with the expedition to the Rio Grande,
never exptcted that the army would abandon him
and his property and leave them at the mercy of
the enemy. Having entered into the seivtee of
the army with his goods in that way, i am inclined
to think the full value of his property destroyed by
that army should be paid. But if the gentleman
from Vermont withdraws his amendment from this .
bill, he forces upon me the principle which I have
always resisted, viz: that we are bound to pay for
property destroyed by the Government to prevent
