184-9.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
150
its falling into the hands of the enemy. I am not
willing, sir, to vote for a bill containing that prin-
ciple; and desire greatly that that principle be
stricken out from this bill." The gentleman from
Texas may amend the bill in any way he pleases,
provided he takes out that obnoxious principle; 1
should then vote for the bill with great cheerful-
ness*, for even if there were a balance over from
the Rio Grande, and that balance was transferred
into the hands of Mr. Callaghan, I apprehend there
could not have been any great amount of property
that would have fallen into the hands of the enemy
and been destroyed. Allowing that there was a large
quantity of merchandise destroyed to prevent its
falling into the hands of the enemy, the consider-
ation of the fact that all of the goods were placed
under the entire control of the officer of the Gov-
ernment presents the claim under such favorable
circumstances as to fully authorize its payment/
My only objection, as I have before said, is to the
retention of the principle I have alluded to in this
bill.
Mr. RUSK. One word in reference to this mat-
,ter. I hope the amendment offered will not prevail,
for I cannot but think it will embarrass the bill.
Every Senator appears to be satisfied as to the cor-
rectness of the claim; what, then, is the use of
particularizing in reference to this principle? The
transfer of the property actually took place at San
Antonio, and the merchandise was placed entirely
under the control of the commanding officer of the
expedition; Mr. Callaghan accompanying the ex-
pedition, because of his acquaintance with the
Spanish and Mexican languages, and of his being
better able to dispose of the goods. In order to
bring a charge of speculation, we must step aside
from the facts. The officer states that it was at his
instance that Mr. Callaghan furnished this mer-
chandise and accompanied the expedition. He
doubtless was actuated by motives of patriotism in
thus transferring his property. The army could
not otherwise, at that time, have been supplied
with the necessary provisions for its use At the :
instance of a United States officer, Mr. Callaghan
caused the goods to be removed where they were
destroyed. If the goods removed to the Rio
Grande had been destroyed by the enemy, it would
have been a clear case of reparation. It seems to
me, however, that, under the peculiar circum-
stances of this case, and which induced favorable
action, any such amendment would be unneces-
sary.
.The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Phelps, and it was rejected.
- The bilf was then reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, was ordered to be engrossed for a I
third reading, and was subsequently read a third
time by unanimous consent, and passed.
4 ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. YULEE moved that when the Senate ad-
journs, it be to meet on Monday next.
Several Senators. No! no!
Mr. DGYVJNS. 1 hope that the motion will not
prevail. The holidays are now over, and there are
agreatmany bills upon the calendar yet untouched.
We have been all this day trying to pass one or
two private bills, and have succeeded irf passing
one. By-and-by, if we go on at this rate, we shall
get down to none at all. I ask the yeas and nays
upon the motion.
Mr. HAMLIN. I would simply inquire of the
gentleman who made this motion what are the
reasgms which should induce Senators to vote for
it. The holidays, as has been stated, have passed,
and the very large calendar before us admonishes
us to despatch business as rapidly as possible.
There are a large number of private claims on t[iat
calendar of a character which will excite discus-
sion, and the length of the discussions which have
been already held upon ceitain private bills ad-
monishes us also that if they are to be alt acted
upon at this session we must be vigilant and active.
1 should be glad to hear the reasons, if there are
any, which should influence the Senate to an ad-
journment until Monday.
Mr. BUTLER. I trust the motion of the Sen-
ator from Florida will succeed. There are some
very important reports to be made up by several
of the committees, and unless the Senate adjourn
over, they will not have time to prepare them. I
think the adjournment Vill facilitate business rather
than delay It.
Mr, YULEE. I made this motion,sir, because
it was my sincere opinion that the business of the
Senate would be promoted and facilitated by an
adjournment for a few days. Without such ad-
journment 1 do not think the business of the com-
mittees, and particularly of the one with which I
am connected, will be completed.
Mr, DOWNS. 1 believe there are already more
bills reported and awaiting our consideration than
can be acted upon at this session. The question
is, whether committees shall report or the Senate
act? There are several hundred bills now upon
the calendar, and if we get through with them this
session I think we shall have done a good busi-
ness. Besides, there are only one or two commit-
tees that will require the attendance of the mem-
bers, and it appears to me much better that they
should absent themselves from the Senate than that
the Senate should adjourn upon their account.
Mr. DOWiNS asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and the question being taken,
was decided as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Bell, Benton, Beruen, Butler,
Clarice, Clayton, Davis of Massachusetts,Dayton, Hale, Han-
negan, Miller, Pearce, Phelps, Rusk, Sturgeon, Turney,
LTpham. lVe?tcoit, and Yulee—-20.
NAYS—Messrs. Atheitou, Borland, Biadbury, Br^ese,
Bright, Convin, Davis of Mts-.is>ippi,Dtekmson, Di.\, Dodge
of Iowa, Douglas, Downs, Fitzgerald, Fitzpatrick, Foote,
Ham I in, Houston, Hunter, Johnson or Louisiana, Johnson
of Georgia, Jones, KLu.j;, Mason, Metcalfe, Nilos, Sebastian,
Spruaiice, Underwood, ami Walker—29.
Mr. N1LES moved that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of Executive business; which
motion was not agreed to.
And then the Senate adjourned.
The following is the Select Committee appointed
by the Vice President on the resolution submit-
ted by Mr. Clarke of Rhode Island:
Mr. Clarke, Mh Davis of Mississjppi,#and
Mr. Dayis of Massachusetts.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 4, 1849.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, rose to a privileged
question, and moved to reconsider the vote of
yesterday by which the President's message was
referred to a select committee; and he moved to
lay that motion on the table.
Mr. iVlcCLERNAND expressed the hope that
the gentleman from Maryland would not move to
lay the motion to reconquer on the table. He
would like to be heaid upon it.
The yeas and nays weie asked and ordered; and
being taken, resulted—yeas 87, nays 78—as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adams, Barrow, Belehei, Black-
mar, Biad>, Buekuer, Butler, Cabell, Can by, CHapman,
Clmguian, Collanier, Conger, Ciaaston, Cnsfiehl, CimveJlj
Dickey, uixoai, Donnell, Dunn, Eeiiert, fiJwaids, Jiuibree, i
Alexander iivims, Nathan Evans, Fisher,Fluuumy, Fieeil- |
ley, Fulton, Games, Gayle, Gog^iu, Gott, Gieeiey, Gregory, j
Gmmell, jNathdii K. Hall, Mo.">e  Hampton, ileiny, Milliard, ;
Eliaa B, Xloini'jf, Hubbard, Hudson, Hunt, Cimilea J. Ingcr- !
soil, Joseph 11. inguraOlJ, lrvm, Kellogg, Daniel P. King, i
William T. Lawience, JLt^oii, Mcllvanie, Mar h, Marvin, \
Moiehead, Mulun, Nebon, tVevveh, Outlaw, Palirey, Pendle- i
ton, Pollock, Preston,- Putnam, Julius Rockwell, John A. '
Kockwcli, liose, Iioot, Kuui&ev,  t. John, Schenck, Shenill, ;{
Silve>trr, CakD D. Mtuth, Tiuman timidi, tittohin, Kieh- >1
aid VV. Tnomp.-on, TouipKiiid, Toomtn, Tuck, Van Djke, :
Vinton, Waireii, White, Wilson, and VVoodwaid—few. ]:
NAVS—Mes.-is.. Bedinger, Bingham, BiTdtall, Boeock, ,
Buvviiri, BzuUlieaU, Uhailes Blown, Albeit G. Blown, bull. 1
CJapji, Fi auk I in Ciai k, Ciunnun ; Daniel, Darling, D:ckm- jj
son, fatan, Fcalhci^Um, Fickhn, Finich, Guiding*,Green, h
Wiliard P. Hall, H.u inanson, Hill, Gemge s?. Huu&ton, h er- i;
son, Jameson, Jenkins, Jarno^ H. Johnson, Rouei t W. John- jj
tson, George \\\ Jone>, Kaufman, Kennou, Laiun, Da &6ie, ,!
Sidney Lawience, heftier, Levi®,Lincoln, McCleiland,Me^J'
demand, lYk-Lluu eJl, McKay, Me Lane, Job Maim, Meade^t
Miller, Morns, Moise, Nicoil, Peasiee, Peek, P<Hiie, Pettit,
PeUon, Pilsburjr, Richardson, fiiehev, Robinson, Koekinll, ,
Saw>er, JSinait, hobert Smith, Stanton, StdtivWuatiiei, \
Thoimv*, J.iiiHd Thompson, Jacob Thompson), Robert A. .
Thompson, YViilia.u Thompson, Thuiston, Turner, Vena-
ble, V\'allace, Weiitworth, Wick, Wiley, and VViluains—78.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 1
Mr. GAYLE asked the general consent of the !
House to take up the bill ft om the Senate providing ;
for the payment of the messengers bringing the ■
electoral votes for President and Vice President of
the United States to the seat of government. There '
were a number of those gentlemen heie now watt-
ing tor the passage of that oill,and he hoped there •
would be no objection to taking u up and passing si
it foithwith. . " j|
Objection w«vs made.
BOARD TO SETTLE PRIVATE CLAIMS.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved that
tJtl ^otfse resolve itself into Committee of the
vvhole on the state ot the Union, for the purpose
of resuming the consideration of the special order
of the day, being the bill to provide for the organi-
zation of a board of commissioners to settle pri-
vate claims.
FUNERAL OF THE LATE MR. GOLD.
Mr. HUNT asked Mr. Rockwell to waive his
motion for a moment, to enable him (Mr. H.) to
offer a resolution, to which he thought there would
be no objection.
Mr. ROCKWELL said he would with pleasure
accommodate the gentleman, but it was important,'
in view of the other business before the House,
that the bill should be disposed of.
Mr. HUNT then suggested that the resolution
which he proposed to offer was a privileged ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER said if the gentleman would
send the resolution to the table, the Chair would
decide that question.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resohed, That, with a view to enable the officers of the
[ House to attend the funeral of ihc late Darnel Gold, for
| manv years a faithlul and useful assistant of the Clerk of
j this. Housf, the House will adjourn at two o'clock to-day.
Mr. HUNT said that the gentleman whose
j funeral was referred to had been for many years a
j clerk in this House, and was well known to many
; of its members. He hoped there would be no
i objection to the adoption of the resolution.'
; And the question having been then taken, the
resolution was adopted unanimously.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, now re-
newed his motion that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. >
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, rose to ask in-
! formation of the Chair, (as the reporter under-
| stood,) on the point, whether the bill to provide
| for the establishment of a board of commissioners
I to settle private claims shall retain its position as a
i special oider.
i Mr. ROCKWELL explained, that the bill had
' been made the special order of the day for a day
, certain, and for every other day until it should
l have been finally disposed of. He had himself
i introduced the resolution, and the terms of it were
i such as he had stated.
; Mr. McCLELLAND said there were a number
1 of bills from the Senate upon the Speaker's table,
' which he desired should be referred to the appro-
I priate committees. He requested that the genlie-
I man from Connecticut would waive his motion to
j go into committee, in order to allow these bills to
j be referred.
j The SPEAKER said there were a large number
| of bills upon his table—some upon their first reiid-
i ing, and some upon amendments between the two
Houses, if it was the pleasure of the House, the
Speaker would proceed to dispose of them.
Mr. ROCK WELL said that, with the under-
i standing that the motion to go into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union after the bills
had been referred should be renewed, he would
wai\e it for the purpose indicated.
The SPEAKER said, by unanimous consent,
he would lay the bills befoie the House.
No objection was made.
BILLS ON THE SPEAKER'S TABLE.
A bill from the Senate for the relief of William
Plummcr, cx ecu tor of Staikey Armistead, de-
ceased, was taken up, read twice, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The following House bills, which had been re-
turned from the Senate with an amendment to
each, were taken up, viz:
An act tor the relief of Anthony Bessee.
An act to confirm Elizabeth Burriss, her heirs
or assigns, in their title to a tract of land.
An act for the relief of James B. Davenport.
An act for the relief of John B. Smith and
Simeon Darden.
An act to establish a collection district in the
State of New York.
The amendment of the Senate to each bill was
read and concurred in, and the title of the last
bill amended so as to read, "An act to extend cer-
tain privileges to the town of Whitehall, in the
Stat® of JNew York/'
