160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 4.
MESSENGERS OF ELECTORAL COLLEGE.
A joint resolution from the Senate, entitled " A
resolution relating to the compensation of persons
appointed to deliver the votes for President and
Vice President of the United States to the Presi-
dent of the Senate'' came up.
The said resolution was read a first and second
time.
The SPEAKER said that he had just received
a memorial from messengers of the electoral col-
lege from the States of Michigan, Wisconsin, Ohio,
Florida, and Vermont. It was very short, and,
with the leave of the House, it would be read.
- No objection having been made—
The memorial was read. " [It prays for the pas-
sage of the joint resolution of the Senate, (now
before the House,) and assigns reasons why the
mileage should be increased, as contemplated by
the resolution.]
The reading having been concluded—
Mr. VINTON moved that the memorial be re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
In support of this motion—
Mr. VINTON said it would be borne in mind
by the House, that the subject embraced in this
resolution had been fully discussed and examined
during theiast session of Congress; and he thought,
therefore, that the bill which had then been passed
should not be repealed without some considera-
tion.
The joint resolution now under consideration
came here, as he supposed, predicated upon the
supposition that these messengers should be entitled
to receive as much mileage as was paid to mem-
bers of Congress, which was the compensation
that would be allowed to them if this joint reso-
lution should become a law.
Mr. McCLELLAND interposed, and asked if
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] would
allow htm tb make an explanation.
Mr. VINTON having yielded the floor for the
purpose—
Mr. McCLELLAND said that the joint resolu-
tion authorized only twenty-five cents a mile to
" be paid to the messengers, whereas the members
of Congress received forty cents a mile.
Mr. VINTON resumed. If he understood the
provision of the law which had been passed at the
last session, it-*gave to a messenger from Texas or
Louisiana some seven or eight hundred—and he
was not sure but a thousand dollars—for coming
here, delivering a letter, and going back again.
This law paid them both ways Now, the reasons
which applied to members of Congress did not ap-
ply to these messengers. Members of Congress
had a mileage allowed them beyond their travel-
ing expenses for a reason—one of- the best of ail
reasons, which had been assigned here at the last
session—that was to say, that no gentleman could
support himseJf and his family here upon the per
diem; or, in other words, if he left his family at
home, he could not support himself here and his
family at home on the per diem. This mileage,
therefore, was intended 10 make up, to some ex-
tent, for the great disadvantage that arose from
their being subjected to the extra expense of main-
taining their families here and for the necessary
abandonment of their business^at home; and it
was for that reason that he had always thought
that the distant members should be compensated
in some way for the insufficiency of their pay.
But gentlemen who came here in the capacity
of messengers bearing the electoral votes of their
States, merely to deliver a letter, could, if they
pleased, turn about and return home the very next
day. All the gentlemen who had accepted this
trust knew perfectly well what the law was. He
did not know how the fact might be, but he would
venture to predict that there were applications
enough to bring these letters.
[A member here was understood to suggest
twenty in each case.]
Mr. VINTON resumed. A gentleman near me
suggests twenty, which I dare say is the fact. I
hope that the joint resolution will be referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. McCLELLAND said that he had listened
attentively to the reasons which had been assigned
by the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means [Mr. Vinton] for the motion he had made,
and that he thought they were insufficient. He
did not think that any good or sufficient reason
could be assigned why the disparity tfhich existed
between the mileage of members of Congress and
the mileage of these messengers should be allowed
to exist. So long as members received forty cents
per mile, he could see no reason for the disparity.
Members of Congress received mileage at the
rate of forty cents per mile. These messengers,
under the law as it at present existed, received but
twelve-and-a-half cents a mile. Some of the mes-
sengers had informed him that they did not know
of the enactment^* this law at the time they were
selected in that capacity; and that, in his-judg-
ment, was one reason why thft members of this
House should vote in favor of the change con-
templated by this joint resolution. If gentlemen
would' reflect upon the matter, they would per-
ceive that it was as necessary for these messen-
gers to make preparations for their journey to this
capital as for members of Congress to do so, and
probably a different kind of pieparation from that
which members themselves made; and that their
expenses for so short a period might perhaps be
gi eater than those of members. He thought, there-
fore, that the reasons given by the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means were not appli-
cable.
But as that gentleman had stated, the subject was
fully discussed at the last session of Congress; and
when he (Mr. McC.) had made the appeal to the
gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Rockwell] to
withdraw his motion to go into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, in order that
bills on the Speaker's table might be taken up and
disposed of, it was under a promise that, so far as
he (Mr. McC.) was concerned, there should be no
discussion. He had felt constrained to make these
few remarks in reply to the positions of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton.] He (Mr. McC.)
thought every member was prepared now to vote.
If he was not mistaken as to the operation of the
rule', the demand for the previous question would
not cut off the motion to refer the resolution to
the Committee of Ways and Means, but that that
would be the first question.
The SPEAKER assented.
Mr. McCLELLAND. Then I move the pre-
vious question, so as to bring the House to a vote
on the engrossment of the joint resolution.
Mr. CONGER moved that the joint resolution
be laid on the table.
Mr. McCLELLAND asked the yeas and nays
on that motion; which were ordered.
Mr. VINTON rose to inquire of the Speaker
whether he understood the Chair to decide that the
previous question, if sustained, would cut off the
motion to commit?
The SPEAKER replied, that the previous ques-
I tion would not cut off the motion to commit; but
j the question immediately before the House was on
j the motion of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Conger,] that the joint resolution be laid
upon the table.
And the question, " Shall this joint resolution be
laid on the table?" was then taken, and decided in
the negative—yeas 52, nays 122—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Bayly,Beduiger, Boyderi, Bridges,
William G. Brown, Buit, Chapman, Beverly L. Clarke,
Conger, Cranston, Crisfieid, Daniel, Duer, Garnett Duncan,
Eckert, Ernbree, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, Fisher,
Frcedley. Guiding*, Gott, Greeley, IIill, Elias B. Holmes,
JIubbard, George W.Jones, Kennon, Daniel P. King, Win.
T. Ldwience, Lord, McDowell, McKay, Nelson, Paltrey,
Preston, Rose, Root, Rumsey, St. John, Shcpperd, Sheintl,
Truman Smith, Thomas, John B. Thompson, Toombs,
■Vinton, Wallace, White, Wick, and Wilson—55*.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Barrow, Belcher, Bird&all, Black-
mar, Botts, Bowhn, Brady, Charles Brown, Butler, Cabell,
Cariby, Catheart, Franklin Clatk,Chngman, Williamson R.
W. Cobb, Cocke, Collamer, Collins, Cummins, Dslrhng,
Dickey, Dickinson, Dixon, Donnell, Dunn, Edwards, Faran,
Farrelly, Featherston, Fickhn, Floumoy, French, Fulton,
trainee, Gayle, Goggm, Green,Gregory, Grumel!, Nathan K.
pHali, Hammons, MobesHampton, Harmamson, Harris, Hen-
ley, Ilenty, Ililliard, George S. Houston, John W. Houston,
Hudson, Inge, Charles J. Ingersoll, Irvm, fverson, Jameson,
Jenkins, Jaine* H. Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Kaufman,
Lalim, L$ sere,Sidney Lawrence, Leffier,Ligon, Lincoln,
McClelland, McClernand, Mellvame, McLarie, Job Mann,
Horace Mann, Marsh, Meade, Morehedd, Morris, Mor e,
Mullm, Murphy, Nicoll, Outlaw, Peaslee, Peck, Pettit,
Peyton, Phelps-, PiJ=.burv, Pollock, Putnam, Richardson, ;
Richey, Robiu&on, Roekhill, Julius Rockwell, John A. !
Rockwell. Sawyer, Schenck, Silvester, Simpson, Robert I
Sinuli, Stanton, Starkweather, Charles-E. Stuart, Strohm, i
Strong, Tajloi,Thibodeaux, Jas. Thompson, Jacob Thump- <
j son, Richard W. Thomp>>on, Robert A. Thompson, William !
Thompson, Thurston, Tuck, Turner, Van Dyke, Tenable, !
Warren,Wentworth,Wiley,Williams, and Woodward—122. !
So the House decided that the joint resolution '
should not be laid on the table. !
The question recurring on seconding the demand 1
for the previous question, was taken, and decided h
in the affirmative. i
The main question was then ordered to be now
put, being first on the reference of the joint reso-
lution to the Committee of Ways and Means; and
being taken, was decided in the negative: Ayes65
noes 67. ' '
So the House refused to refer the resolution.
The resolution was then ordered to be read a
third time; and having been read, the question
was on its passage.
t. McCLELLAND moved
tion.
Mr.
the previous ques-
Mr. GREELEY inquired of the Speaker if it '
was now too late to object to the third reading to-
day? If it was not, he objected.
The SPEAKER replied that it was too late, as
the joint resolution had already received its third
reading.
The demand for the previous question was sec-
onded—ayes 87, noes 31; and the main question
was ordered, being upon the passage of the reso-
lution.
Mr. HOLMES, of New York, demanded the
yeas and nays, which were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 114, nays 6*2—as follows: .
YEAS—Messrs. Barrow, Belcher, Bingham, Birdsall,
Blacknmr, Botts, Brady, Brodhead, Charles Brown, Butler,
Cabell, C.vnby, Catheart,[Franklin Clark, Williamson R. W.
Cobb, Cocke, Collainer, Collins, Cummins,Darling, Dickey, •
Dickinson, Dix n, Dunn, Edwards, Faran, Featherston,
FickJin, Floumoy, French, Fulton, Gayle, Goggln, Green,
Gregory, Grinnell, {Hammons, James G. Hampton, Mose&
Hampton, Harmanson, Harris, Henley, Henry, Hilliard,
George S. Houston, John WT. Houston, Inge, Charles J. Id-
gersoll, Irvm, Iverson, Jameson, Jenkins, James If. John-
son, Robert W. Johnson, Kaufman, Lahm, La S6re,Leffier,
Ligon, Lincoln, McClelland, McClernand, McNvame, Me-
Lane, Job Mann, Xloracc Mann, Marvin. Meade, Morehead,
Morris, Morse, Mullm, Murphy, Newell, Outlaw, Peaslee,
Pendleton, Pettit, Peyton, Phelps, Pilsbury, Pollock, Put-
nam, Richardson, Richey, Robinson, Roekhill, John A.
! Rockwell, Sawyer, Silvester, Simpson, Caleb B. Smith,
I Stanton, Starkweather, Stephens, C. E. Stuart, Strohm,
i Taylor, Tiiibodeaux, Jacob Thompson, Richard W. Thom-
I son, Robert A. Thompson, William Thompson, Thuiston,
i Tompkins, Turner, Van Dyke, Venable, Warren, Went-
worth, Wiley, Williams, and Woodward—114.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Adams, Bijly, Bowhn, Bojden,
William G. Brown, Burt, Beverly L. "Clarke, Cbngman,
Conger, Cranston, Crisfieid, Daniel, Donnell, Duer, Garnett
Duncan, Eckert, Ernbree, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans,
Farrelly, Fisher, Freedley, Giddings, Gott, Greeley, Hill,
Elias B. Ilolmes, Hubbard, Joseph R. Inger&oll, George W.
Jones, Kennon, Daniel P. King, William T. Lawrence,
Sidney Lawrence, Lord, McKay, Marsh, Nelson, Nicoll,
Palfrey, Petrie, Preston, Julius Rockwell, Rose, Root,
Rumsey, St. John, Shepperd, Sherrill, Smart, Truman
Smith, Strong, Thomas, James Thompson. John B.Thomp-
son, Toombs, Vinton, Wallace, White, Wick, and Wilson
—62.
So the resolution was passed.
Mr. McCLELLAND 'moved to reconsider the
vote, and moved to lay that motion on the table;
which was agreed to.
Mr. MOREHEAD moved that the vote by which
was passed the bill of the Senate for the relief of
James Gr. Carson be reconsidered; which motio*i
to reconsider was postponed for the present.
Bills from the Senate of the following titles were '
severally read twice and referred, as follows:
An act to provide for the sale of lands purchased
by the United States from the Saginaw tribe of
Chippewa Indians in the State of Michigan: re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
An act for the relief of Henry D. Garrison: re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
An act for the relief of Thomas W. Chinn and
others: referred to the Committee on Claims,
An act to authorize the Secretary of War to
make reparation for the killing of a Caddo boy, by
volunteer troops in Texas: referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
An act to authorize the issuing of a register or
enrolment to the ship Annie Tift: referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
The Joint resolution from the Senate entitled
(< A joint resolution for the relief of Major R. L.
Baker of the ordnance corps," was read twice and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
| The bill from the Senate entitled "An act in
; addition to the act entitled ' An act to incorporate
j the Washington, Alexandria, and Georgetown
I Steam Packet Company"' was read twice; when—
I Mr. EDWARDS moved to amend the same, by
' adding thereto the following as an additional sec-
> tion, viz:
Sec. 2. be it further enacted, That no suit or action
; depending in any court whatsoever, in which the sai l cor-
- poration is plaintiff or defendant, shall abate or be discon-
! tinued by reason of the expiration of the original charter ot
j the said poi poration, but the same shall continue and be
j prosecuted in all respects as if the said charter had not ex-
■ pired ; and the President aud Directors who were in office
