1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
163
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Atherton, Berrien, Borland,
Bradbury. Bret'se, Dickinson,Douglas, Downs, Feich, Fitz-
gerald, Fitzpitnek, Footc, Houston, Huntci, Johnson of
Louisiana, Jones, King, Ma^on, Rusk, Sebastian, Turney,
and Ynlee—23.
NAYS-r-Messrs. Baldwin, Benton, Clarke, Clayton, Cor-
win, Davis of Massachusetts, Dayton, Dix, Hale, Hamlin,
Metcalfe, Miller, Niles, Pearce, Phcips, tfpruance, Under-
wood, Upham, and Westcott—19.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. DOWNS presented the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That all memorials, petitions, or other papers,
referred to the committees of the Senate at the last session,
and leinaimng before them at its close, be recommitted to
the same committees.
Mr. BELL submitted the folio wing^resolution;
which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the memorials and all other papers or
matters referred to the Committee on Indian Atfairs at the
!ast se&sion of Congress, and which were- not reported on by
the committee, he now recommitted to said committee.
Mr. JONES submitted the following resolution;
which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That tiie Committee on Pensions be instructed
to inquire into,the expediency of increasing the pension of
Isaac W. Griffith, Gf Iowa, on account ot the loss of his
rigjit arm whih-t in the service of ins country at Cluiru-
busco, in Mexico.
A bill from the House of Representatives to
amend an act supplementary to an act for the ad-
mission of the States of Iowa and. Florida into the
Union, was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, moved that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the private
calendar; but before the question was put—
On motion of Mr. KING, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of Executive business; after
which the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned till Monday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 5, 1849.
The Journal of yesterday was'read and approved.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BOYDEN, from the Committee on Elec-
tions, submitted the views of the minority of said
committee on the claims of Mr. Henry H. Sibley
to a seat upon the floor of the House, as a delegate
from the Terriloiy of Wisconsin; which was laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ROCKWELL then renewed his motion to
go into committee.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, said that the re-
port of the "Globe," in recording the proceedings
of the House on tiie bill making appropriations to
supply certain deficiencies ill appropriations, re-
ported him as haying voted in favor of striking out
the proviso in relation to the employment of a
messenger in the office of the Sergeant-at-arms.
This was a mistake: he had voted against striking
out; and he desired that if the error appeared on
the Journal, it might be corrected.
The SPEAKER said, that if the vote of the
gentleman had been incorrectly recorded, the Jour-
nal would be corrected.
The question then recurred on the motion of
Mr. Rockwell to go into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. LIGON said, he presumed that the object
of the gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr. Rock-
well,] in the motion he had-submitted, was to
proceed with the consiueiation of the bill to pro-
vide for the establishment of a board of commis-
sioners to settle private claims. He (Mr. L.)
hoped that the House would not proceed to the
consideration of that bill. This day was that which
was known to the rules as objection day, when
many claims might be disposed of., Ho hoped the
House would proceed to the consideration of the
private'calendar.
Mr. ROCKWELL said it was well known that
he had always been m favor of giving to private
claimants the benefitof those days which had been
set apart by the rules for the consideration of their
cases; but it so. happened that the bill to provide
for the establishment of a board of commissioners
to settle private claims must be disposed of to-day
and to-morrow,or upon some other private-bill day,
or he apprehended that it could not be disposed of
at all. It would be recollected by gentlemen, that,
! by a vote of the.House, the Committee of Ways
and Means had procured the adoption of a rule
giving priority to all the appropriation bills. Un-
der these circumstances, it was necessary that the
bill should be considered att his time. He must
therefore adhere to his motion.
Mr. KAUFMAN rose to inquire of the Speaker
whether a motion to go into Committee of the
Whole on the private calendar, if it should now be
submitted by him, would not have preference over
a motion to go into Committee of the Whole 011
the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER answered, that the motion to
go into Committee of the Whole would have the
preference over the motion of the gentleman from
Connecticut, [Mr. Rockwell,] because this day
was set apart for the consideration of private bills.
Mr. KAUFMAN. Then I make the motion,
and hope it will be agreed to.
Mr. ROCKWELL hoped that the gentleman
from Texas [Mr. Kaufman] would consent that
the question should be first taken on the motion
which he (Mr. R.) had submitted.
Mr. KAUFMAN did not assent.
So the question was stated by the Speaker to be
on the motion that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole for the purpose of pro-
ceeding to the consideration of the private calen-
dar.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, rose and Said, that
he had understood from one of the proprietors of
the " Globe'' that the copy of the vote which had
been furnished to that paper, on his (Mr. J.'s)
amendment yesterday submitted to the Washing-
i ton, Georgetown, and Alexandria steamboat com-
: pany bill, in relation to the liability of individual
, stockholders, gave the aggregate vote as 94 in the
! affirmative and 87 in the negative.
He merely wished to call the attention of the
Speaker and of the Clerk to the point, so that an
examination might be made by the Clerk, and the
true state of facts be ascertained; so that if there
was any mistake 011 the Journal, it might be cor-
rcctcd,
The SPEAKER said the Clerk would state the
vote as recorded on the Jo'urnal.
The Clerk read as follows: " Eighty-nine in
the affirmative, ninety-one in the negative."
[This is the vote announced by the Speaker
yesterday, and as set forth in the Globe" of this
morning.]
The question then again recurred on the motion
of Mr. Kaufman, that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the private cal-
endar.
Tellers (Messrs. Clingman and Kaufman) were
appointed.
And the question was taken and decided in the
negative—ayes 47, noes 74.
So the House refused to go into Committee of
the Whole on the private calendar.
And the question then recurred and was taken
on the motion of'Mr. Rockwell, and decided in
the affirmative.
BOARD TO SETTLE PRIVATE CLAIMS.
So the House resolved ittelfinto Committee of
the Whole 011 the state of the Union, (Mr. Burt,
of South Carolina, in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated Ihe first business be-
fore the committee to be the bill, heretofore under
consideration, to provide for the establishment of
a board of commissioners to settle piivate claims.
Mr. STRONG was entitled to the floor.
Mr. GOGG1N rose and said that he did not
wish to interfere with the business before the
committee. He supposed that the bill designated
by the chairman was regularly before it. but he
desired to be informed whether it would be in older
for him to move to postpone the consideration of
that bill, with a view to take up the bill to regulate
the rates of postage ?
The CHAIRMAN thought not, he said.
Mr. STRONG then tbok the floor, and ad-
dressed the committee during the greater part of
the allotted hour.
He said it was a matter of some regret to him
that he had not made the observations! he pro-
posed to submit to the committee 011 the day on
which this bill had first been brought up. for con-
sideration. It was not his intention then, nor did
he propose now, to enter veiy much at targe mto
the discussion. He had yielded 011 a former day
to what appeared to be the manifest desire of the
committee, that an adjournment should take place;
and he feared that, by so doing, he had led gen-
tlemen to expect from him a more particular in- •
vestigation of the provisions of the bill than he felt
disposed to bestow upon them.
He confessed that he felt a deep interest in the
fate of this bill. It proposed a remedy for an evil,
the existence of which was universally admitted.
It was not often that as much unanimity of senti-
ment was found in this Hall, as-had been exhib-
ited in the opinion, that the present mode of set-
tling private claims against the Government of the
United States was utterly inadequate for the pur-
pose designed to be accomplished—that it "was
alike unjust to individuals and unjust to the Gov-
ernment.
Nor was it here alone that the voice of condem-
nation against the existing system had been heard.
The language of complaint had come up to this
Capitol from all parts of the country; and tney were
often reproached for the injustice they were doing
to the Government, and to those having meritori-
ous claims upon the Government, who had a right
to demand an early hearing, and a speedy adjudi-
cation of their claims.
It was undoubtedly true that the grounds of
complaint in respect to the present system were
very different. Some there were who complained
of it as Being substantially a denial to meritorious
citizens of their light to recover what was justly
their due; and not only a denial of that, and a
withholding of their dues, but as being a refusal
to permit them to be heard before the only tribu-
nal known to the Constitution and the laws of the
country for the adjustment of these claims.
There were others who complained of the sys-
tem as being the means of permitting unfounded
claims against the Government to be prosecuted
to a successful termination; and they were told that
many frauds had been perpetrated on the treasury
of the nation.
There could be no doubt that both these causes
of complaint existed. There could be no doubt
that they were well founded; and what was more,
that, the cause a£ complaint was increasing from
year to year. In the early history of the Govern-
ment, the claims presented against it were, com-
paratively speaking, but few in number. They
were about'one-sixth of those which were now
presented from year to year; and even whilst the
number was thus small, the tribunal was never
fitted for their adjudication. Yet the evil was not
so nniveisally felt as it was at the present time.
But it was to be remembered, that from the
foundation of the Government to this hour these
claims had been growing in number and in mag-
nitude. They had kept even pace with the popu-
lation and wealth of the country; and as our popu-
lation at this time was about six times as large as
it was at the date of the adoption of the Constitu-
tion of the United States, so were these claims in
number about six times as many as were presented
at the time the Constitution went into operation.
Many of these claims, beyond doubt, were jil'st.
No man in this House would hazard his reputa-
tion by the assertion that all of them were ill-
founded. Some of them certainly were merito'-
rious. They were such as, if they were made by
one citizen against another, would, by universal
sentiment, be declared fit subjects for speedy set-
tlement and eaily adjudication. They were not
less just because they were made against the Gov-
ernment, and r.ot against individuals. They were
not the less due to the citizen than they would be
if his claim had been against a fellow-citizen, and
not against the Government. And yet many of
these claims had been upon the calendar for the
period of ten, fifteen, or twenty years, and were
no nearer to adjudication now than they were on
the first day on which they had been presented.
Now, if it were in the power of Congress to de-
vise any system which would give to these meri-
torious claimants an earlier Hearing; if it were in
the power of Congress to devise a system by which
those claims could be adjudicated at an earlier day
than that at which they could now be adjudicated,
he asked whether a refusal to do so was not tanta-
mount to a.demal of justice? It was more: it was,
in many cases, a denial of an express constitu-
tional right. There were many cases—some he
himself knew, and he doubted not there were
many—where private property had been impressed
—taken for public use. Now, the Constitution of
the United States, m one of its provisions, had de-
