104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 5,
clared that private property should not be taken for
public use without just compensation. And the ob-
vious meaning of the Constitution was, that com-
pensation should be made at the time the private
property was impressed. And if those individuals"
whose property was thus taken forpublicuse—thus
impressed—-must continue, under the present
, systenj they wefe compelled to do, to knock at the
' doors of Congress in Vain from year to year, when
it was in the powei; of Congress to provide the
jneans of a roorespeedy settlement, whea, he would
fisli, was this constitutional provision worth ? What
wa? the value of the right thus guarantied by the
Constitution of the land?
But many of these claims were unfunded
many of them were unjust: and yet, undei the
present system, the very nature of the tribunal
befcTre winch they were adjudicated—the character
of the evidence by which they were substantiated,
and the impossibility of giving such an examination
as the merits of the different cases required, only
invited tne presentation of claims that were mani-
festly unfounded.
What l ad been the past history of our legisla-
tion? No mail doubted that many of these un-
founded claims had been successful, both in this
and the other House of Congress; that they had
passed with very httle'examination; that they;had
passed under misapprehension; and that tjiey had
frequently been forced upon them in the form oS
riders to "the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill,
or some other public statute.
All these things were admitted. But what could
be done? What remedy was to be proposed for
evits which wero so manifest as to be apparent to
every member of this House, whether he had
Jon*" held a oent or had come but recently here?
The Committee on Claims had proposed a remedy.
It was not perf-Tt. There were defects in it. It
would be strange if, cuided by the light of no past
experience, arid fettered in some measure by con-
stitutional provisions, the remedy which they pro-
posed had been perfect. U would bo passing
strange if a bill prepared under such circumstanccs
should not be found susceptible eff some improve-
ment.
There were objections lo it. Some of those
objections had been pointed out. He intended,to
point out others, which had.suggested themselves
to his mind; but he would say, that, taken as a
whole, there was much in the bill which met with
his approval. There was much in its provisions
which tended to the improvement of the present
system; and he thought it incumbent upon those
gentlemen who, with"the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Fickxin,] regarded the objections to the bill
as so radical that it could-uot be so amended as to
improve the present system, to recommend to the
consideration of the House some better mode by
which the desired object could be accomplished.
He liked the- general features of the lull, as he
had already lemarked, and he liked them because
they threw around the treasury additional guards;
because they tended to prevent those frauds which
they knew had been perpetrated in past days, and
which the future promised would again be perpe-
trated, unless some such measure was adopted to
prevent them. He regarded this bit! as more im-
portant to the Government, by far, than it was to
meritorious claimants.
One of the benefits which they might anticipate
from the passage of this bill, with such restriciions
and amendments as this House .could add to it—-
and it was no small benefit—was, that it would
put an ehci to a Luge portion of ihe claims which,
from year to year, iiau been presented for the con-
sideration of Congress. He thought he was within
bounds when lie said that at least one-half of the
claims which had been presented to Congress
during the last year were not founded in justice.
Ke thoi'°'ht ic was fair to presume that 111 most
of those cases—that in almost all of those cases
where there had been adverse reports made upon
the petition, the claim had no merit. Now, it
would be found, by turning to ihe report accom-
panying this bill', and upon reference to the statis-
tics contained in that report, that during the last
two,"three, or four Congresses, a large*majority of
the reports tvhich had been made upon these
petitions had been adverse reports. In the first
session of the 28th Congress, 254 bills, it would
be seen, had been reported, granting relief to pri-
vate claimants; durmg the same session there had
been made the enme number of adverse reports,
(254,) and there bad also been 240 instances of the
discharge of the committee from the further con-
sideration of the claims. It was to be presumed
that the committee was discharged because they
had found, upon examination, that the claims had i;
no merit. ' Thus there had been'two to one, nearly ,j
twice as many, of the .claims which had received j
the unfavorable action of the coir^mittees of this j
House, as there had been of those which -had j
received their favorable'action.. Well, by turn-'i
ing to the 29th Congress, it would be found .that ,
the number of private bills reported in this House i
was 382; that the number of adverse reports |
was 506, and of the discharges of th'e commit- j
tees from further-consideration 177; thus there
had been nearly 700 cases of adverse action to
stituted specially for the purpose would- be able to
bestow a thorough, searching examination of every
claim which- might be presented to them. We had
had a little experience in this matter. There'were
members on (his floor who remembered, that after
the work was stopped on the Cumberland road,
Congress was very much infested with claims of
contractors and others for alleged damages grow-
ing out of the suspension of the work. After these
claims had troubled Congress for some time, a
commissioner was sent out upon the road to take
testimony ;>nd to examine them. What was the
result? Why, the claims almost entirely ceased;
Congress was troubled with them no more; and
he had been informed, by good authority, that
in some cases the commissioner had actually been
00 favorable reports. And by running through p applied to by claimants who had presented their
the action of the 26th, 27th, 28th, and 29th Con- \. claims to Congress, and had been requested not to
stresses, he had arrived at very much the same !; take testimony in their cases; and he had been told
result. * \ if he would not ftike it—if he would not enter into
ItwaSjthen, apparent,thatofthose claims which ;i the examination of tneir claims they^ (the claim-
had been presented to Congress, more than one- ants) would give a full, written renunciation of the
half weie not founded in justice, and had no merit. j| claims which they had presented to Congress.
Well, what was the fact in regard to them now? ji Now, these were facts which we had derived from
Why, tho^e very claims which had received the i "J *""" ' 1 1 ""
unfavorable action of the committee or of the >
House, were .presented to another committee or
to another Congress; and presented, not in the i
shape in which they had at first been presented, j
but shorn of some of the unfavorable evidence at 1
our experience, and which fully sustained h:m in
saying that the existence of this commission wo^ld
tend very much to throw obstacles in the way of?
and to prevent*' the presentation to Congress of
unfounded claims. ^ • .
But again: the hill which the Committee or
first exhibited. The claimant was instructed by j; Claims proposed provided for the cross-examina-
the first report as to the deficiency of the evidence—=-11 tion of witnesses. Now, he need not say to s
as to what it was necessary to prove to substantiate ; j body constituted as was this House, of so large a
his claim; and he was also instructed as to the tes-
timony which made against him. Of course he
withdrew the evidence which was unfavorable to
him: he went out and sought additional evidence,
where there was a deficiency; and the result was,
that he often procured from a second committee a
favorable report: and bills were to be found on
our statute book making payment for such claims.
Such bills had been passed at the present session
of Congrers. Now, he need not .say—it was ap-
paient to every lawyer—that second uials were
always dangeious, they afforded temptation to
perjury, temptation to fraud; and especially so
before such a tribunal as this House, or the other
branch of Congress: and why? Because the testi-
mony was ex parte; because there was no testi-
mony on the part of the United States. The whole
matter of procuring the evidence, and making up
the case, was within the discretion of the claimant;
and he presented just that testimony which he
found necessary, and which the first report of the
committee had shown to be necessary, to substan-
tiate his claim.
Weli, how did this bill secure the termination of
such claims ? Why, under its operation, if it were
enacted into a law, these private claims would be
referred to this board of commissioners which the
bill proposed to establish; by them they would be
thoroughly examined, and if an unfavorable report
were made by the commissioners, it would be placed
upon the files of this House, and" if the House ap-
proved of that Report,'the claim could never again
be acted upon, until the law was repealed. Petitions,
it was true, might be presented—they could not be
avoided; but those petitions would be immediately
referred to the commissioners, and the commis-
sioners were debarred from further action upon
such claims as had before received their unfavor-
able action. This provision of the bill, in his
opinion, would sweep from their calendar more
than one-half of the claims which were presented
to Congress from year to year; and it was the
proportion of members of the legal profession,
; that cross-examination was essential to elicit truth
i —that it was absolutely necessary to the develop-
! ment of truth and to the detection of falsehood1.
I So it was found in all our courts, and so it had
i ever been found; and yet what was the prac-
j tice Of Congress in this respect? How were the
1 claims which were presented heie and adjudicated
; by this House and by the other House of Con-
! gress settled ? Upon what evidence? Why, upoi*
ex parte evidence, entirely ex parte evidence. There
was no cross-examination—no opportunity for
cross-examination. The claimant selected his own
witnesses; of course he selected those most favor-
able for himself: he not only selected his own wit-
nesses, but he procured ,from those witnesses the
statement of just those facts which made for him,
and the omission of those facts which made against
the claim. In many cases the claimant himself
drew up the affidavit, stating precisely what he
wanted, and nothing more, and procured the wit-
nesses to testify to it; and it was^upon such evi-
dence that Congress, year after year, voted away
thousands and hundreds of thousands of dollars.
Evidence which was not sufficient in any court of *
law in this country to enable one citizen to recover
one dollar from his neighbor, was here sufficient
for the adjudication of,hundreds and thousands of
dollars against the Government.
But there was a double reason for the necessity
of cross-examination in the cases of many of the"
claims which were brought before Congress: many
of them were but appeals from the decisions of the
various accounting officers of the different bureaus
of the different Secretaries of this Government.
These officers had established rules by which they
were governed in the adjudication of claims upon
the Government, and* by those rules ex parte evi-
dence was allowed. The'party was not able, even
upon ex parte evidence, to establish his claim before
the proper accounting-officer, and he appealed to
Congress. Now, was it not fair to presume, after
only measure which had ever been proposed which j| he had failed with ex parte evidence, to substantiate
tended in the smallest degree to put an end to those
claims which were year after year renewed, and
which were often forced through Congress to the
great public detriment. Now, if this bill provided for
nothing more, if it promised to do no more than to
relieve the committees of both Houses of Congress,
and the Houses themselves from the repeated ex-
amination of the 'same claims; if it promised to
his claim before the accounting officer, that the '
claim was unfounded? And ought he not to be
held, when he took his appeal to Congress, to the
production of such evidence as was required before
every other tribunal—to the production of evidence
subject to cross examination?
But this bill also provided for procuring testi-
mony on the part of the United«States—a species
do no more than put an end to more than one-half of cvidcnce which was excluded under our present
of the claims which were presented to Congress, system; for who ever heard of depositions being
it would be worthy of their support. ^ taken on the part of the United States? Whoever
But tne bill promised more. _ The very existence j i heard of witnesses being called to prove facts which
of this commission would of itself be a bar to the «; were important to the United States in the adjudi-
presehtation of unfounded claims. Everybody cation of claims agains\ the Government? Our
knew that in this House it was impossible to be- I1 presentsystemgivestothetribunals by whom these
stow such examination as &houid be bestowed jj claims were passed upon—to the two Houses of
upon cjaims of individuals against the Govern- j; Congress—thepowertodeierminethecasesbrought
ment. Everybody knew that a commission con-'!i before them only upon that evidence which should
