166
-THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 5-
tjie result? In less than one yea#after the passage
df the law, President Madison sent a communica-
tion to Ctmgreas complaining of the action of the
Commission, and stating that, as it was not sub-
ject, to review by Congress, he had suspended the
commissioner; and Congress repealed the law.
He (Mr. S.) thought, therefore, that it would be
more safe to leave this provision of the bill as it
bad been reported by the committee. ■
But he had said that there were so^ne amend-
ments which he would desire to see made to this
bill. He had some objections to certain of its
provisions, some of which had been pointed out,
and to some others to which he would allude; and
Ke found that he should be obliged to refer to tfiem
very briefly,in the short time which remained to
him.
He objected, first, that there was no limit to the
tenuie of the office of these commissioners. His
own view in regard to this matter ivas, that they
ought to remain in office sufficiently long to become
familiar with the modes and rules of doing business,
and with the nature arjd character of the claims, so
that they could act wisely and efficiently. His own
impression was, that this board should never be
entirely new. He would prefer to see it so con-
stituted that one of the commissioners would go
out every two years; that they should hold their
pffices for the period of six years, and that one
should go out every two years. Thus we would
have a permanent board; thus we would escape
from all the evils of repeated changes; and thus
■we would have men who, by their experience,
would be fitted for the discharge of the duties
■which should be imposed upon them.
He had another small objection, which was
easily remedied. In the fifth section, it was pro-
vided that "the Solicitor of the Treasury shall
file a written argument, whenever a written argu-*
merit is filed by the claimant." He thought there
ought to be a direct, positive prohibition (there
was, perhaps, an implied one) against any oral
arguments being allowed before the commission,
to prevent the unnecessary consumption and waste
of time which would otherwise result.
He had another objection. He was inclined to
think that Congress, in passing this bill, should
prescribe the rules of decision by which the com-
mission should be governed. They were to report
their opinion in regard to each case which was
presented to them: he was inclined to think, that
ih forming that opinion, they should be limited to
the rules .of law and equity. These, as he had
already remarked, were weil-defined terms.
The honorable gentleman from New York, who
had spoken the other day in regard to this matter,
had seemed to think that there should be two rules
adopted, within which two rules, all the claims
should be embraced which came before this board.
He found the gentfegian reported thus:
" It struck him that this rule should be laid down : that no
claim should be hcaid unless first it was based upon ground
of claim in law and equity ag.un&t an individual. [He
(Mr. S.) accorded with the gentleman in that.] Or, sec-
ondly,unless it was such a chum as it had been the piactice
of this and other governments to allow.17
Now, this rule appeared too indefinite for him,
(Mr. S.-) He would ask the honorable gentleman
what -kind of a claim it was that it had not been
the practice of this or some other Government to
allow? He1 would ask the-honorable gentleman
whether that was any limit at all, or any definite
rule by which this commission was to decide
claims ? It seemed to him that what was just and
fair between individuals, was just and fair between
. the Government and any of its citizens. And if
the rules of law and equity were sufficient to secure
justice between two citizens, they were also suffi-
cient to secure justice between the citizen and the
Government.
Mr. DUER interposed, and appealed to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania to give him an opportu-
nity for explanation.
Mr. STRONG assented, requesting the gentle-
man, however, to be brief, as his time was limited.
Mr. DUER, upon this consideration, forbore to
trespass upon the courtesy.of tire gentleman from
Pennsylvania, and resumed his seat.
Mr. STRONG continued. There were those
cases (which were called claims) which were ap-
peals to the charity, to the benevolence of Con-
gress; and actsof Congress, if passed to meet them,
were mere gratuities. "He did not think these cases
should bo referred to this commission; they were j
not claiirs. . A chum was an assertion of a right, I
and no man could have a right to a gratuity* He
did not thinli any of these cases shoxddbe sent to
the board, which he was inclined to think should
be limited to the rules of law and equity, and in
this way that we should secure all the objects for
which it was intended to be established.
He was inclined to think, also, that there should
be, ak had been suggested by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Duer,] a limitation upon the
time within which these claims might be presented.
He knew that no laches was imputable to the
Government, but there were obvious reasons why
the Government should not suffer by its laches,
which did not apply to individuals. He found, in
the act which was passed in 1816, that there was
a limit, and a much shorterone than that proposed
by the gentleman from New York, (viz: ten
years.) The 15th section of that act provided
that no cla;m authorized by the act should be paid,
unless the same was exhibited within two years.
He thought this time was much too short, but he
was very much inclined to think there ought to be
a limit within which claims should be presented
to the Government.
Another restriction should be imposed upon this
commission; that was, that all the evidence should
be taken according to legal rules. Those rules
were the result of vast experience; they had been
found to be the best for the purpose of eliciting
truth and detecting falsehood; and he knew no
reason why, in claims against the Government, the
parties should not be restricted to the best mode of
securing truth, and why the Government should
not have the benefit of the best mode of detecting
falsehood; he knew no reason why the same rules
should not apply to the adjudication of claims
against the Government which were applied to
th e ad j u d ication of accounts between one citizen and
another.
He remarked that he had occupied much more
time than he had intended. He felt a deep inter-
est in this bill. These were some of the views
which he enteitained in regard to it; his views of
some of the advantages which he thought this
bill, as reported by the Committee on Claims,
promised. He thought it might be amended in
such a way as to make it all that could reasonably
be demanded; as to secure as far as possible tho*
best interests of the Government—protection to the
treasuiy, and at the same time a speedy hearing
| and adjudication of the claims of our citizens.' He
j did not say that it was entirely perfect. With
; the henefit of some experience of the workings of
the system, there would no doubt be found some
particulate in which it might be improved. But
he was not one of those men who, because they
could not at once reach perfection, would not take
one step in the path of improvement. He believed
I that this bill promised improvement, and that, with
j such amendments as might be made by this com-
! mittee, it would become productive of incalcula-
j ble good to the country and to meritorious clairn-
! ants.
i Mr. MEADE said he had not long been a mem-
• ber of this body before he had become convinced
of the necessity of establishing some such tribunal
as was proposed by this bill; and he thought, if
the membeis of the House had taken the trouble
to read the able report of the Committee on Claims,
originating, he understood, with the chairman,
[Mr. Rockwell,] there would be but one mind in
I this House upon the subject. There were various
i reasons recommending the bill to them. It was
| not perfect; it might be Amended; and by amend-
' ment it might be made more acceptable than it was
| in its present form. But still, as it was, he would
| vote for it without the change of a letter in it, if he
! could get no other bill which was better suited to
j their purpose. It was complete in itself; and if it
; was passed by this body, without any amendment
| whatsoever, he had no doubt that most of the ob-
i jects contemplated by the report of the committee
| would be subserved. It would insure, at any rate,
1 a hearing to the many claimants who came before
i Congress, some of whom had grown grey in their
: fruitless'attempts to induce Congress to listen to |
i their just demands.- He had the honor to be a ,
] member of the Committee on the Judiciary; and j
I before that committee there were petitions that had !
; been acted on by Congress after Congress, which ;
; had been reported upon favorably no less than six ,
j or eight times, and which had been hanging here i
j twenty, twenty-five, or thirty years. The bare j
i statement of a fact like this showed conclusively i
the necessity of passing some such law as this,
or for this House td adopt a rule, which should
be rigidly executed, that it should appropriate
at least one-half its time to the adjudication of
claims .of this nature. But this bill came recom-
mended to them by the fact, that while it insured
speedy justice to the creditors of the country 
justice which had been denied to them heretofore
~it also afforded protection to the treasury. If
any member felt disposed to vote against the bill,
he would recommend him to read the able report
from the Committee on Claims; and he undertook
to say, if it should be read by all, there would be a
general concurrence in the opinion of the necessity
of passing this law, or some similar law. There
was, at this time, before the committee of which
he was a member, a^petition from several gentle-
men of the State of Massachusetts, acco'mpanying
which were papers very long and numerous; and
he ventured to- affirm, that there were hut two
members of this hody who could give a vote upon
that petition understanding^: these two members'
were the two members who had read the papers;
and they differed in opinion. It had been favor-
ably reported upon by the Committee on the Ju-
diciary. N6w, when the case comes up, it would
be utterly impossible for a single member of this
body, other than these two gentlemen, to give a
vote and say he was satisfied with the vote. And
when the battle came on between The petitioners
and the country, the claim would be advocated on
the one hand by one member of that committee,
and opposed by another. It involved the amount
of some §95,000, and that money stood at this
time to the credit of these petitioners, awaiting
only the action of the proper officers to enable
them to receive it. In this predicament had this
claim been placed for the last twenty-live years.
He appealed to this House, if the character of the
nation for justice, for justice alone, did not require
some steps to be taken to secuie a prompt hearing
for the creditor of the Government? We had pro-
vided laws by which we were enabled to recover
debts due to the Government by a simple, stern
process. We could issue a distress warrant, and -
in a few months the debtor of the Government
must pay the demand of the Government. Did
not sheer justice require that we afford to those
who had claims upon us as speedy means of re-
covering those claims as we had seen fit to provide
for ourselves?
There was another reason why they should
pass this bill: it insured justice not only to the
claimant but to the Government. It insured it as
completely as human institutions could insure
anything. They were all imperfect, and Congress
i could not expect that any tribunal which they
1 might establish would be free from objections.
h But he ventured to assert, that there was not one*.
! that could be established that would he more ob-
jectionable than the one before which these claims
were now preferred: that was, the Congress of the
United States; for whenever claims came up in
either' branch of Congress, the members who
might be in the House, ignorant of the report, ig-
norant of the petition, ignorant of the testimony,
must listen to the speakers who advocated the
claim-on the one hand, or opposed it on the other;
and according as confidence might be placed on the
one side or the other, so would the claimant have
justice administered. Now, it was utterly unfair
that the creditors of the country should be obliged
to depend upon chances like this for the payment
of their just demands. The bill proposed a cheaper
mode of settling these claims. He ventured to
affirm—he had not looked critically into the matter
—but he ventured to say, that the sums of money
which were expended here in legislation upon
these claims would more than trebly pay every
! claim preferred before Congress, whether just or'
j; unjust. Hence it could not do much injury to
| the treasury of the country to establish a tribunal,
imperfect as it might be, for the adjudication of
j, these claims. There had been, during this session
| of Congress, a claim before thi3 House involving
the value of a negro; and upon that claim there
; had already been expended^ in the way of legisla-
i tion, more than treble the amount which would
! satisfy the claimant; and that had been the case
: with regard to another private bill which had been
, before the House a few days ago, for the relief (he
! believed) of Harris & Farro. A whole day had
< been occupied upon it, and the petition had finally
I been rejected without one-tenth part of the mem-
