1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
16?
bers of the House understanding the merits of the
case.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, interposed, arid wished
to inquire of the gentleman from Virginia, how it
■was that he proposed, by the passage of this bill,
to prevent,debate in tins House upon these peti-
tions when they came before the House ? Would
he make the decision of the commissioners final,
and make their award payable out of the treasury
without any other action of Congress ?
Mr. MEADE said that^he should answer the
question of the gentleman before he finished his
remarks, because the scope of the gentleman's in-
quiry came within the scope of the remarks which
he in.tended to make, and he hoped they would
satisfy him.
As had been said, there were two classes of
claimants which came before Congress: one class
that addressed themselves to the principles of Jaw
and equity, and made claims upon the Govern-
ment, which, if they were against individuals,
could be recovered before a court of justice. These
claims should of course go before this tribunal, and
this tribunal should be regulated by the principles
of law and equity in deciding upon them. But
there was another class of claimants which had
been alluded to by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Strong,] who were of a different
character; a class who did not rest their petitions
upon the principles of law and equity, but who
addressed themselves exclusively to the justice,
the abstract justice of Congress, or to its generos-
ity or benevolence. These claims were equally
meritorious, in many respects, with those which
were founded upon law and equity. They of course
could not be finally adjudicated by this tribunal;
but in this bill, which had been reported from the
Committee on Claims, and which it appeared to
him had been very maturely considered by its au-
thor, provided that this tribunal should report a
succinct statement of the facts to Congress; and
while the petition was before that tribunal, of
course it would collect the testimony, taking care
that the interests and rights of the United States
were protected therein.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kentucky, interposed, and
desired the gentleman to specify some cases where
individuals could have claims against the Govern-
ment of the United States, which would be just
claim?, but which would not be recognized in
cases between individuals, and upon the principles
. of law and equity.
Mr. MEADE replied, that if the gentleman was
to look over the list of private claims upon the
calendar, he suspected he would find many such.
It was taxing his ingenuity rather too much, to re-
quire him now to specify a case growing ou.t of astate
of facts which would accompany a claiit) of that
sort. But he would suppose that some individual
citizen of the United States, in time of war, should
find it very essential to the interests of the coun-
try that he should immediately convey certain
information which he had obtained concerning our
enemy to the commander-in-chief of our army, or
to some other officer, and that he undertook, upon
his own expense, to travel some thousand miles to
do so. Now, here would be no claim, other than
upon the generosity of the nation, none whatever. If
such a service as that was performed for. a private
individual, with the same view of accommodating
that individual, it would furnish no ground of
claim before a court of justice. But, when it was
performed for the Government, although the citi-
zen would have no claim upon the principles of
law or equity, was not the gentleman from Ken-
tucky ready to admit that it would come equally
recommended to the favorable consideration of
Congress? If the gentleman wished to be referred
to other claims of this character, he would refer
him to the calendar, and he (Mr. M.) ventured to
affirm, that probably one-half of the claims before
this body were just such claims; claims which, if
due from an individual, could not be recovered by
any process of law.
But it was objected by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Mullin",] a few days ago, that the
decisions of this board would not be final. Neither
would the decisions of any board be final. Even
if Congress were to provide a court of chancery,
and invest it with the express authority to decide
these cases, and to declare that the decisions of
that court should be conclusive against the person,
it would be clearly transcending their constitu-
tional powers; for the Constitution expressly guar-
antied to the citizen the right to petition Congress
for repress of grievances; and he could a's well
petition against the judgment of the courts of the
United States as against the judgment of the ac-
counting officers, or of any other officers of the
Government. In this respect, the board of com-
missioners would stand precisely on the same
footing as Congress itself; for if Congress passed
upon a claim, it could do nothing to prevent a
petition, founded oh the same claim, from being
again preferred before it. They had numerous
cases of this kind; and, as had been well remarked
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, they came
back with all those defects supplied which had
caused the previous rejection.
He had a case of this character in his mind, and
the members of the Judiciary Committee would re-
member it: it was a petition which was sent to that
committee, and it was referred to him to examine
it—the petition of a man asking to be relieved from
suretyship upon a Government bond. The cir-
cumstances recommended it to the favorable con-
sideration of Congress.. The petition had merit in
it, although it would not insure the favorable judg-
ment of Congress, either u pon principles of law or
equity. He (Mr. M.) had been prepared to re-
port favorably in that case to the committee, but
there was a small piece of evidence which showed
him that the case, some seven years before, had
been before this body; and he had desired to see
why it had not then been favorably acted upon.
With some difficulty he had obtained the original
papers, and he had found that one of the parties
who had petitioned in the latter instance had pre-
ferred the claim in the former; and that the tes-
timony which the petitioner gave, under oath,
which accompanied the latter petition, might be
found alluded to in his own original petition, which
set forth a state of facts utterly in conflict with his
own affidavit. Upon that the Committee on the
Judiciary had reported unfavorably upon theclaim,
and saved to the Government upwards of $2,000.
This instance showed the necessity of referring
even cases which were not based upon the prin-
ciples of law and equity to some such board. The
commissioners would be authorized to take testi-
mony, and to require the district attorneys of the
various federal districts of the country to attend to j
taking these depositions, whenever it became ne-
cessary. • j
But it had been urged as an objection to this [
bill, that the commissioners to be appointed under .
it might be corrupted. That objection was equally :
applicable to the judiciary itself. - Our district ]
courts were held by a single judge. He might be j
corrupted. The Supreme Court might be cor- j
rupted. But the objection was not more available j
against such a board, practically, than against the
members of this House. He did not- wish to be
understood as saying that they were corrupted;
but it was very well known to all gentlemen who
had any knowledge of such matters, that there
was a system of electioneering which accompanied
these petitions, and tifat meritorious cases were
often thrown out, because the petitioners had no
friends to press their claims, whilst others of doubt-
ful character received the favorable consideration
of the House, from no other reason than because j
the claimant was active and industrious, either by ;
himself or his agent, in prepossessing the mem- !
bers in favor of the claim. Of all tribunals, it
seemed to him that the Congress of the United
States was about the worst. But, as he had said
before, the decision of this board could not be final
against the applicant, because the Constitution of
the United States gave him authority to appeal i<
to- Congress in any and every case m which he ■;
considered himself aggrieved. But after an oppor-
tunity had been given to him of being fully and ;
fairly heard before the court established for the |
purpose—after he had had every opportunity to j'
present his case, and when he knew that these j!
commissioners were not prejudiced or corrupted,— !
in nine cases out of ten he would be satisfied with '
the decision; he would despair of getting anything i;
by an appeal to Congress, and he would remain i;
quiet. i i
He (Mr. M.) had, however, an amendment !j
which he proposed, at the proper time, to offer, jj
which made these decisions, m certain cases, con- ;i
elusive against the Government. i'
He was glad that the chairman of the Committee ;j
on Claims [Mr. Rockwell] was in Ins seat, be-/;j
cause there were some-amendments which he (Mr. !|
Meade) wished to suggest to the consideration of
the committee, and to which he* would call the
particular attention of that gentleman. He knew
that that gentleman had bestowed great pains upon
tl)is bill, and upon the report which accompanied
it; and that, with a fidelity which few men would
have manifested towards the claims of the private
creditors of the country, and which entitled him
to the thanks not only of the creditors themselves
but of the whole nation, he had prepared this sub-
ject for the consideration^ Congress. It was for-
tunate, indeed, that there should have been found
one man in this body who had thought it a duty
incumbent upon him as a member of this House,
sworn to do his duty here, to give his time and
attention to the private grievances of the citizens
of the country.
The third section of the bill provided that peti-
tions asking relief on account of any claim against
the Government should first be presented to Con-
gress. He would suggest whether this was not
supererogatory. Would it not be better that they
should be referred at once to the board of com
missioners without troubling Congress? for one
great object of the bill was to save tinpe and expense
to this body.
He would propose that the latter part of the sec-
tion should be stricken out, and that a provision
should be inserted, " that all claims against the
4 United States which should not properly be pre-
' sented to the accounting officers of the treasury,
' should in future be preferred by petition, in the
{ nature of a bill in chancery, before the said board
' of commissioners, or before the circuit courts, as
4 hereinafter provided." And he would strike out
the-words " and if, during the recess of Congress,
'-any person or corporation shall desire to prefer
i any such petition to Congress, such person tfr
' corporation shall be allowed to file his petition
{ with the Secretary of the Senate, or CJerK of the
* House of Representatives; and when so filed, the4"
' same course shall be pursued as if the said peti-
' tiop had been regularly presented during the ses-
sion of Congress; and all petitions so filed shall, *
' after the same shall have been duly registered, be
' by the said Secretary and Clerk transmitted, to-
c gether with the accompanying papers, to the said
' board of commissioners."
"in the fourth section, he would provide that
the commissioners should keep a record of their
proceedings.
All these amendments lie would offer at the
proper time. His present object was to call the
attention of the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr.
Rockwell] and of the House to them; .and he
(Mr. M.) thought he would be able to show
(though he hoped that the fact might be made
manifest without argument on his part) that the
bill, good as it was, would be better if these pro-
visions which he had suggested should be added.
He would also direct the attention of the gentle-
man from Connecticut to the terms of the 7th sec-
tion. It was as follows:
(<Jincl be. if, farther enacted, That in all eases where it shall
appear to the board that the facts set forth m the petition of
the claimant do not furnish any good ground for relief, it
shall not be the duty of the commissioners to authorize the
takinsr of any testimony in the case, until the same shall
have been reported by them to Congress, as is hereinafter
provided : Provided, however, That if Congress thai!, in such
case, fail to confirm the opinion of said hoard, they shall
proceed to take the testimony in such case.*5
Now, (Mr. M. continued,) if the board be-
lieved that the facts set forth in the petition did not
give the petitioner any claim to relief, why should
this House be required to take any action so as to
direct the commissioners to take testimony? be-
cause, if such a petition were dismissed, it would be
upon the ground that it would be bad upon demur-
rer; that, admitting all the facts to be true, still there
was no ground for relief; and that, if the facts were
proved, it would have no effect upOn the court
that decided it. He would, therefore, strike out
all that portion of the section, and would require
that, whenever a petition which had no equity in
it should be brought before the board, it should
be dismissed.'
If this decision should not be acquiesced in by
the petitioner, he cbuld come here again. No mat-
ter ho\? many decisions against htm might be
made, he could come here again It was a right
secured by the Constitution of the United States,
and no decision by any court or board could de-.
prive him of it. in the proper place, therefore,
he would move to strike out all that part of the
