168
•THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 5,
bill which says that the decisions shall be final,
because it \yould have no operative effect.
The fourth section provides, that the " said
' board shall, at the commencement ofeach session
' of Qpngress, and at the commencement of eacji
'month during the session of Congress, report to
' Congress the facts foam! by them in the several
' claims referred to and acted upon by them, with
1 their opinion in relation to the same, and shall
' prepare a bill or bills in thpse cases winch Js'nall
* have received the f'aVor^le decision of said board;
* atsd that the said board shall transmit with said
'"reports the testimony in each case, whether the
' same shall receive the favorable or adverse action
' of said board."
~ He would suggest to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Claims, that that portion of the section
which required the board to report the testimony
in the several cases was entirely unnecessary.
Anil he (Mr. M.) would therefore retain simply i
that portion of the section down to the words j
"decision of-said board." If any case should !
arise in which there should be any difficulty or |
difference of opinion in relation to the propriety j
of the decision, the House could call for the testi- j
mony; and it seemed to him, that in any other j
case, it would be unnecessary subjecting the .
board to trouble in making anything beyond a i
succinct report upon the facts-
Mr. STRONG rose to answer the inquiry.
And Mr. Meade having yielded the floo!4— _
Mr. STRONG was understood to say, the Uni-
ted States may sue, or may be a party plaintifi.
Mr. MEADE, (continuing.) The Constitution
of the United States contemplates cases in which
the United States may be a party defendant or a
party plaintiff; it makes no exceptions. What
authority, then, has the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania to limit the jurisdiction ? There can be none
at all.
He (Mr. M.) would, therefore, provide an ad-
ditional clause granting claimants the right to go
before the courts, and giving also to them the
right of appeal from these courts. It wa3 evident
that no case would be brought in the circuit courts
(and. he would have the proceedings commence
there) except such as would enable a party suing to
recover for a similar demand against an individual.
As -to tho.se cases which appealed to the magnanim-
ity of Congress, or to the abstract sense of justice
of the nation, they must, of course, go before this
board; and the benefit to be derived from going be-
fore it was, that the.testimony and the facts would
be fairly elicited before the board would decide.
If it should decide against the claimant, he could
appeal to this House. But when time and atten-
tion had been bestowed upon the testimony by
men qualified to #ecide upon it—men who had
t f A tUfi nVWt Iff Urt
The 13th section provides that " said reports of j taken the pains to' investigate the facts, and who
« said board, and the bills reported by them, shall, i! would.embody their opinions in such a way as to
4 if not ^finally'acted upon during the session of]
' Congress to which said reports are made, be con- '
1 tinued from session to session, and from Con-
* gress to Congress, until the same shall be finally
* acted upon, and the>consideration of said reports
* and bills shall, at the subsequent session of Con*
1 5*ress, be resumed, and the said reports and bills
* be proceeded with in the same mariner as though
' finally aetedupon at the session when presented."
He would make this section apply only to favor-
able decisions. And he would also amend the
clause so as to stop at the words " finally acted
upon," (t. e, where they first occur.) The other
portion of the clause, he thought was not neces-
sary.
The 14th section'was in the following words:
" Jlnd be xl further enacted, That the claims sported upon
adversely sbaHbc placed upon the calendar when reported,
and if the doe^ion of said busrd shall be confirmed by Con-
gress, r-aid decision shall b« conclusive; and Ihe said board
shall riot, at any uibss'querit period, consider said claims,
unless such reasons Uiall be presented to said board a*, by
the rules of common law or chancery, m f-urn between indi-
viduals, would furnish r.uftkient ground for granting a new
trial."
He would sirilce out a portion of this section,
because, in his opinion, it \vv,s unnecessary for
Congress to act upon claims which had been ad-
versely reported upon, unless the. claimant himself
came here and asked Congress to teverse the
decision of the board; and in aij such cases he
could apply for his papers and come here, for the
purpose of asking a reversal of the judgment. If
no such application should be made, there would
he no necessity to trouble Congress at all; and j! J,
why should Congress act at all in the matter, if |
the claimant himself was satisfied with the de- ■
cisioti ? He would, therefore, retain only the latter ;
part of the clause,- which provided that the claims
should not be reconsidered, cxcept upon such
grounds as, by the rules of common law or chan-,
eery, in suits between individuals, would furnish
sufficient causc for grantioga new trial. And he
would add after the word "trial," the words "or
u bill of review."" If the board decided that a
claim should be rejected, and afterwards some
new facts should arise, or if any errors should be'
apparent on the face of the decision, the person
would have the right to a new tiial, so us to bring
tlw case a^ain before the board.
In addition to the^e amendments, he would also
desire lo introduce twovor three other clauses. He
would ask the particular attention of the commit-
tee to them, inasmuch-as the principle contended
for in them had been controverted, especially by
his friend from Pennsylvania behind him, [Mr.
Strong.] That gentleman had said that the Uni-
ted States could not suffer itself to be sued. Why ?
That clau.se of the Constitution which gave to the
Judiciary of the United States the jurisdiction in
! am cases embraced all the cases in which the
set forth the facts upon which those-opinions were
founded—in nine cases out of ten there would be
an appeal. The'petitioner himself would be satis-
fied. But where was the objection to allowing him
to proceed to the court nearest to- him, and ask for
an adjudication of his claim? There was none
whatever. It was the cheapest way, Thi3 did
notr however, do away with the necessity of the
board. Some of these petitioners would prefer, as
a matter of convenience, to submit their claims to
the circuit courts. An amendment which he would
offer proposed simply to allow a party to prefer his
petition before the circuit court, and made it the
duty of the district attorney to attend to and protect
tlie interests of the United States. It was in the
following words:
Be it further enacted. That any person having a claim
ag.un&t the United States, may, by petition n> the natuie of
a bill in chancery, pioseeule the mi me in any circuit court
ot the United States which Shah be governed by those
principles ot law and equity which contiol its decisions in
controversies between individuals. And in all such cases
notice t-iiall be given to tlie district attorney of the di?tnct
in which the court is held, whose duty it shall be to attend
I to and defend the interest of tne United States.
| Congress (Mr. M. continued) could make the
: dccree conclusive againstthe United States m any
j court, but not against the individual. He had
j argued that point before. It was better that the
j Government should suffer from the result, than
I that it should rip up the decisions of its own
. ygents against itself; and therefore he desired to
; provide that in all cases where the claim depended
on legal or equitable principles, and was decided
in favor of the individual, the decision should be
final. He would provide that the decision against
the United States should be final in all cases under
the sum of $5,000. It would be better to pay
any amount up to that rather than have the peti-
tioner come before Congress again; for all such
cases gave rise to long discussions, and the money
expended in revising the decision of the commis-
sioners would, in nine cases out of ten," discharge
tlie decree. He therefore proposed that the decis-
ion should be final against the Government, and
intended to offer the following amendment:
After the 14th section, insert:
Be it further enacted. That the decision of the board
shall in all cases be final against the Government, where tlie
amount to-be paid to the claimant shall not exceed the sum
of %5,000 j and the accounting officers shall pay the same
out of any money m the treasury not otherwise appiopri-
, ated. And the petitioners and the United States shall have
the right of appeal to the Supremo Court; which appeal
'bhall be regulated by the >ame rules that are applicable to
the ca-es of individuals, and shall be controlled by the.-aine
, principles of law and equity, except that the said coutt
shall m ail cases decide the. merits of the cau^e, without
regard to technicality in pleading; and the decrees of said
court shall be conclusive against the United States, and the i
siiin^ decreed to the claimants shall be paid out ot any 1
money in the treasury not otherwise appropriated. « {
He would also propose another section,, allow- |
lag an appeal from the decision of the board only '
in thosp. P-nses whppp. fhp claim
United States was a party. What case could the i: in those cases where the claim would constitute i
gentleman specify in which the United States could >| a right 9f action against ail individual. He would '
be a party under present laws?
j adoiV either the individual or the Government to
appeal to the Supreme Court if the amount was
sufficient to give jurisdiction. That amendment
was in the following words:
Be if- farther enarlcrt, That the petitioner, as also the
l/nited 'Suites, shall have thf rh;hI to appeal from thf decis-
ions of the eireuit to tile Supremo Couit, and the decree of
tiie Supreme Court shall hi' coriclut-ive aaainst the United
States ; and said decree shall he satisfied out of any moneys
in the treasury npt" thcrwise appropriated.
It might be that the treasury had in it unappro-
priated moneys enough immediately to satisfy these
demands, and thus the time and trouble of Con-
gress might be saved in making appropriations for
the satisfaction of the decisions. If the money
was in the treasury,^not otherwise appropriated,
there would be no necessity to come here for ap-
propriations.
Whilst the decision to be thus made, either by
the board or the 'circuit courts', could not be made
conclusive against the petitioner, yet it would be
practically conclusive against him—especially as
respected the Supreme Court—because he would
be satisfied, (after-hC had had a fair hearing,) not
only of the justice of the decision, but he would
also be satisfied of Another thing—that there would
j be little or no prospect of the reversal of it, unless
he could show unfairness in tiie proceedings, or cor-
ruption in the court; and he would know that the
very fact of an appeal to Congress, except under
i these circumstances, would so prejudice his case
1 as to render his appeal hopeless.
! He had now gone through with -the various
! amendments he proposed to offer, with one excep-
' tion. He would limit the existence of the board,
mainly because it was an experiment. Congress
could not give immediate birth to a full-grown
system that" should be free from all imperfections.
They must wait and see what would be its practi-
cal operation. They might become dissatisfied with
the system. They knew, that that which already
existed was bad enough; that Congress was not
the tribunal which they themselves were content
j with. The experiment must first be made, as in
i other cases; but there should be a provision in
the bill by which the tribunal could be got rid of,
if it should be found that it did not answer the
purposes.for which it was designed. And as it
was easier to limit its existence now, than to re-
peal the law, if it once passed without such a
limitation, he should move an amendment restrict-
ing the operation of the act to the term of four
years from its passage.
If it should be found, by experience, that the
tribunal recommended itself to the favorable con-
sideration of the country, a law could be passed
by which its existence might be continued. ,
Mr. BOWLIN said he regarded this bill as one
of the most important measures that had ever de-
manded the attention of the House of Representa-
tives. He thought it involved consequences to the
treasury and to the tax-paying people of this nation
of the highest importance; and, before making the
suggestions which he proposed to offer to the con-
1 sideration of the House, it was proper that he
; should at once declare that he took his stand
; against the passage of this bill. He looked upon
j its character as being that of a base abandonment
i by the representatives of the people of the curator-
| ship of the.treasury of the United States to a few-
commissioners. He would, in the first instance,
premise that he intended to oppose it every step,
and he felt proud of the opportunity which had
been afforded to him to record his name against a
system in comparison with which the infamous
bankrupt law of 1842 was a glorious and an hon-
I orable measure.
j In investigating the merits of this bill, he did not
I feel himself m any degree bound by the rule which
j had been laid down by the gentleman from Penn-
! sylvania, [Mr..Strong ] He (Mr. C.) did not feel
, that it was the duty of those who were opposed to
| the passage ot this bill, to furnish a better plan
j for the consideration of the House. They were
: not reduced to that necessity. All that they were
| bound to do was, to show that this bill was wrong
j in principle; that it proposed a system of adjudi-
cation upon what were miscalled claims m this
country which was unwarrantable under the Con-
stitution, and unwarranted by the genius of our
Government, by the abandonment of the treasury
to claimants, and their agents, and this board of
commissioners.
He must confess, that when gentlemen here ad-
vocated the provisions of this bill, he could not
