wm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 5,
technically understood. But to this board of
commissioner® it was proposed to give a discre-
tion as broad as that which pertains to a popular
vote in town meeting. They were to do justice—
to do justice, be supposed, according to their own
vague ideas of justice^ Were he one of the com-
missioners, and the claim of §ome worthy friend of
his for half a million of dollars should eome before
him, he confessed that his feelings might be warped
perhaps a little too much jn his favor, when hefcad
to act upon mere personal-ideas of justice. These
commissioners were to decide upon no established
rule. If they were to proceed upon the principles i
of law and equity, they would occupy the same j
position with the Auditors and Secretary of the j
Treasury; and«Uhough, with this restriction, they ,
might not do any harm, yet the board would there-
by be rendered perfectly useless. The friends of i
such a tribunal would find no use for it, unless '
they could extend to it this unlimited jurisdiction. ;
This broad discretion was the whole idea of the }
bill. Prom first to last, it was nothing more nor I
less than a proposition to give to this board a kind j
of jurisdiction wholly unknown to the law. i
tie would give a case for illustration: He sup-
posed a claimant to-come into Congress with his
petition, urging his claim in a flourish of trumpets
about the services of his father or his grandfather
in the revolutionary war; but the family have
since become poor, and he wants to be set up in life.
Such would be the character of many cases that
would be presented for adjudication-before this
board to be decided upon their ideas of theprinciples
of justice. It was not necessary for him to travel
over all the provisions of the bill, and look at each
distinctive feature of it; for his objections to it as
a whole, from beginning to end, were so insupera-
ble, that no amendment could help it. He con-
tended that the power with which it was proposed
to invest this board—the power of deciding claims
against the Government upon undefined princi-
ples of justice and equity—could not be exercised
under the Constitution. Even Congress could not
constitutionally exercise this power, though it was
exercised occasionally upon the principle of be-
nevolence. Yet it- was proposed now to intrust
this power to the hands of a board of commis-
sioners, to give them the appropriating power of
- Congress—the poWer to expend the money of the
treasury at their will and pleasure.
He remarked, that though he appeared in this
discussion somewhat unprepared, yet he was will-
ing to take a position against the bill at once; apd
to that he would stand. He solemnly believed that
the member who should register his vote in its
favor would seal his eternal doom as a politician.
The people, he was perfectly sure, would not sub-
mit to it.
He would, however, invite the attention of the
committee for a single moment to one obvious ob-
jection against the bill. The case of every claim
against the Government would have to go for ad-
judication first before the officers of the treasury.
Before this tribunal every case would be decided
according to the principles of law and equity,
technically understood. But, under the provisions
of this bill, all claimants would have the right of
appeal to the newly constituted board, who are to
decide their cases upon principles entirely different.
The former tribunal decides, the case upon the
known and established principles of lawand equity,
whilst the other tribunal decides upon their own
ideas of justice. The consequence would be, that,
in every case, the decision of the treasury officers
would be reversed. Every man could see what
would be the effect of setting up such a tribunal.
The case of every claim which the Auditor might
refuse to allow would be appealed to this board,
where a decision might be obtained that would
overrule the decision of the Auditor and Treasurer;
and where the decision upon every case, in the
very nature of things, was compelled to be re-
versed. Such would be the result of the passage
of this bill. There was no escape from it.
He desired to be allowed one word more on the
idea of the representatives of.the people surrender-
ing the treasury of the country into the hands of a
board of commissioners. It presented to his mind
views of the most strange, the most extraordinary
character. He had never heard of anything like it,
eitherin this or any other country. There was no
example of the kind in history. He did not be-
lieve that even the honorable chairman himself,
■who reported the bill, could cite the House to a
single precedent in the legislation of the known
world. There was nothing of the kind known to
the British Government; there was nothing like it
that ever came to his knowledge in the histdry of
any of the German States.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, (Mr. Bow-
ijiN giving way for the purpose,) was understood
to state here, that in the German States, whenever
permitting them to influence him to vote against
the bill, the very character of the attack,,he was
inclined to think, would, if anything, help to induce
him to go more earnestly in its favor.
It was but just (said Mr. S.) to remove the
claims of our citizens away from the influence of
that prejudice with which they seemed to be met
by Some members—he trusted not many—when*
controvers'y-arises between the Government and j! ever they came before Congress. When he found
•.   i /vi !. i rwnfloiviAn i no- 11 fm* o-ra nfpn . fhat. tn h#  * oraA
any of its officers, it was lawful for the officer to
bring suit against the Government in any dt the
courts of justice. In the British Government, also,
there was a similar provision of law.
Mr. BOWLIN continued. The gentleman's
statement was-no contradiction at all of what he
had alleged. There was no board of commission-
ers, with such a jurisdiction as that proposed in
! gentlemen taking it for granted, that to be a cred-
! itor of the Government is synonymous with beinn-
a villain and stealing into the treasury, thatseemed
to his rhind to afford, of itself, a reason why some
tribunal should be created by law, in order that
fair and impartial investigations might take place.
The gentleman had not only denounced all cred-
itors or claimants en masse as dishonest,'but he
the bill, existing anywhere on earth. In Germany, l| assumed, also, th&t every attorney or agent em
i l.    :.l.t t k a. kir thpap ** I fl 5 TO a t St acrf>>nsf, tV)P. f-rflVPrn.
he knew, suit might be brought against the Gov-
ernment, in the ordinary courts; but were not
these courts governed in their decisions by the
settled principles of law.and equity? He still be-
lieved that such a board of commissioners was
without precedent, differing materially from any-
thing to be found m any judicial system.
Mr. ROCKWELL interposed, with another
remark, which was wholly inaudible at the report-
er's desk.
Mr. BOWLIN continued. Still affirming that
the creation of a board, with such a broad discre-
tion to decide upon claims against the Govern-
ment, was wholly without example, and as he
could not say anything in favor of the firoposition,
he would tell gentlemen what he was in favor of.
He was not in favor of plundering the public treas-
ury by creating a tribunal for the allowance and
payment of false claims; he was not in favor of
building up a petty money aristocracy in this
Government, to live upon the taxes of the people;
he was not in favor of keeping up families, at the
public expense, from generation to generation,
because some member of the family once occupied
a high place before the people; he was not in favor
of rewarding public men beyond their merits; but
he was in favor of that principle which places
every American citizen upon the same broad,
Democratic platform of equality. The reverse of
all these positions would have to be taken by all
who took upon themselves the support of this bill.
He now came to the idea which he was about
to advance when he was interrupted by the state-
merit of a fact, about which there was no differ-
ence of opinion. He invited the committee to ex-
amine this measure with more scrutiny. He
called upon every member to examine it. It was
fraught with considerations of the most vital im-
portance. He solemnly believed, that the Con-
gress passing such a bill as this would become
more odious than that Congress which passed the
famous bankrupt law of 1842, which wiped out
once more than two hundred millions of debt. This
bill was to operate on the treasury, and he would
undertake to say that one single year of its opera-
tion would be sufficient to bankrupt the Govern-
ment. There would not be a dollar left for the
pay of the army or navy, or for the civil and diplo-
matic list.
*Let the House pass the bill, and with it the con-
ployed by these claimants against the Govern-
ment, must necessarily be a scamp. He did not
much like that sort of denunciation; for in his time
be had tried to practice law a little himself, and had
thus been employed frequently in the prosecution
and collection of claims.
But, not stopping there, the gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Bowlin] went further, and denounced
every board of commissioners or court that might
be established under this bill, as capable of corrup-
tion—of being fit subjects for undue influence, or
even bribes. He (Mr. S.) had no experience as a
judge, and therefore he could not tell so well about
that as the honorable gentleman from Missouri,
[laughter,] who, he believed, had once worp. the
ermine. The gentleman had been both attorney
and judge; he had had the advantage of a double
experience; and therefore on that point he must-
yield to him. [Laughter.] Judging from his
own experience and observation, he thought the
gentleman had been harsh in his judgment against
agents and attorneys, and he had therefore, with
I a fellow feeling, ventured to say a word in their
| behalf; but the character of a court for honesty,
i he supposed, he must leave to the tender mercies
! of the gentleman, who had once exercised—hon-
| orably and ably, he was bound to believe—the
| judicial functions. He only hoped that in neither
i case was the gentleman offering himself as " State's
evidence" against the brethren. [Laughter.]
Mr. S. had no remark to make with reference to
the general character of the bill. Its necessity,
objects, %nd purposes had been sufficiently devel-
oped in the speech of the gentleman from "Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Meade,] whose critical examination
of its provisions he was glad to hear. He desired
to speak to an amendment which he would offer at
the proper time. But before doing so, he would
state, that notwithstanding the denunciations of
the bill, by the gentleman from Missouri on the
one hand, and the apprehensions of its want of
efficiency on the other, he was almost persuaded,
and ready to say, that he would vote for the bill,
let it be put in what shape it might. The evil
to be remedied was so crying—the necessity of
doing something for the many honest claimants
against the Government so urgent—that it wa|
hardly possible for the majority of that House to"
give such form to the bill that he would not vote
for it." He would support it in its present shape,
stitutional rights of the people and the control of j, if that were insisted upon; but he would prefer it
their representatives over_ the national treasury ;j if amended as-he would propose in some of its
would be gone forever. No man could anticipate
the result, but all would behold its fruitfulness of
evil, as it would be exhibited here in a general
scramble for the public money, derived from the
1 sweat and toil of the people.
| Mr. SCHENCK had something to say about
j this bill which had just now been so strenuously
I objected to. It seemed to him that there was ex-
; traordinary differences of' opinion as to the merits
| of the bill before the committee, resulting perhaps
from its being looked at from different points of
view. It had been but a little while ago that the
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary [Mr.
J. II. Ingersoll] expressed his apprehension that
the bill would not be of any permanent advantage
11 features and provisions. All he would insist upon
| was some effectual, operative, speedy plan of re-
!! lief to those deserving creditors who are now com-
ij pelled to wait too long for the relief or justice to
!i which they are honestly entitled.
;j There were two classes of claimants who came
|l here with their petitions, asking for relief or sheer
i i justice—relief or justice which comes often so
, tardily as to amount to a denial, or a mockery
•; often, even when allowed. The first of these
ji classes arises under the law of the land, and con-
11 sists of such demands as would be recognized
!l between individuals, when, upon some known
11 principle and state of facts, as upon a contract,
&c., there is a debt, or demand, or liability, which
ought to be adjusted. Then there was another
to the country, nor accomplish the objects intended ,
by it, because of its inefficiency: he thought it too i| class" of claims";1 addressin^'^
r^a^V  JUS^ n(?w the gentleman from Missouri • stract sense of justice in the Government; in some
[Mr. Bowlin-] had attacked it in all its principles ,i instances, appealing only for a gratuity for pecu-
and details, as a monstrous engine of mischief and liar services rendered or injury sustained in the
deviltry, such as never before received counte- generalbehalf. Examples of both sorts had been
nance in a legislative hall. !; given by other gentlemen. Now, he would have
So far, however, from being alarmed by the de- all this latter class come directly before Congress,
nunciations of the gentleman from Missouri, or jj as heretofore.
