1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ffl
But as to those of the former description, such
as claims arising out of some contract, or where
damages have been sustained by fault of the
Government, or property taken for public uses,
he would constitute some tribunal, with original
jurisdiction, or with power to try appeals from
decisions at the departments, as the case "might be;
and (hat tribunal should make the necessary ex-
aminations, and give final judgments in reference
to them. He would not longer burden thecalendar
of the Legislature with any of this class of claims.
He would do this for the double purpose of having
them investigated more fully than they could pos-
sibly be before Congress, and that there might be
also some limit to the time when they would be
finally adjusted. Their progress now was slow,
uncertain, interminable.
For further information of his amendment, and
the object of it, he asked for the reading of the
paper which he sent to the Clerk's table.
, The amendment was then read, as follows:
Strike out the 2d and 3d sections, and insert—
Sec. 2. Be it enacted, That said board shall have ju-
risdiction over .ill cl.ti ;r;-- against the Gove! ninenf of the
United States, arising under any contiact, express or im-
plied, with the Government, or with any department or
officer thereof, or under any existing law ot the United
State*, in ca^es wheic the subject matter ot the. claim is
now cognizable by any of the officeisot the Treasuiy De-
partment, or other officers of the Government; or in any
case where damages to individual property have been at-
tained bv reason of the act or oidei of any officer or person
employed by the Government, while such officer 01 person
was in the discharge of a lawful duty; and the decision of
said board shall be final. But any such claims, when eog-
mzabie by any accounting officer of the Government, shall
be first presented to, and settled by, the proper accounting
officer j and it, upon such settlement, the claimant be dis-
satisfied with the decision, he may appeal to the board here-
' in constituted, and the pioper officer shall lay before the
board all papeis and facts on which he acted, with his de-
cision in the case.
Strike out the 12th, 13th, and 14th sections.
The amendment, perhaps, explained itself suffi-
ciently; but the committee would perceive that his
purpose was to frame the law so as to provide for
the adjudication of two or three kinds of cases,
which are specifically mentioned. First, this tribu-
nal was to have jurisdiction over all that class of
claims arising under any contracl:, express or im-
plied, with the Government, or with any depart-
ment or officer thereof, or under any existing law
of the United States: Secondly, over cases where
the subject-matter of the claim is now cognizable
by any of the officers of the Treasury Depart-
ment, or other officers of the Government: Thirdly,
over any case where damages to individual prop-
erty have been sustained by reason of the act or
order of any officer or person employed by the
Government, while such officer or person was in
% the discharge of a lawful duty. While many of
these various cases were now cognizable by the ac-
counting officers of the Executive departments of
the Government, still quite a number (especially
of the latter class) were not.
He could conceive of numerous cases where
redress'could not be obtained at all now, except
under special enactment, but where damages were
clearly due, and otfuld be established not only upon
every principle of justice, but (if the committee
bettor liked the phrase) upon application even of
the strictest rules and principles of law and equity.
He took instances where claims of this character
might arise—as, in time of war, private property
might be seized by the Government, against the
will of the owner, for the purpose of carrying oil
military operations: or the case where a Govern-
ment vessel, negligently or unskillfully navigated,
runs into a merchantman at sea. What would be
the relief of the losers of property in these cases ?
He knew of no other than that which might be
obtained by application to Congress; and yet the
decision of them was purely a judicial act, and the
proper function of a court, or board of commis-
sioners, if you choose to call them so. He cared
not for the name, so that they were virtually judges,
and competent ones.
He had mentioned cases over which the account-
ing officers in the executive departments now have
jurisdiction. In such instances these officers, though
ministerial as to their ordinary duties, act judicial-
ly. His amendment proposed that there should
be a tribunal established somewhere between Con-
gress and the executive departments, whose prov-
ince it should be to entertain by appeal, and inves-
tigate and decide upon all these cases; for, upon
examination of the calendar, it would be found
•that more than half of the claims which come here
for allowance, are cases coming iti the nature of
appeals from the accounting officers of the Govern-
ment. The gentleman from Missouri would have
the decisions of the Auditors and Comptrollers to
be final; but he (Mr. S.) would not; because these
were mere ministerial officers, and not in all cases
perhaps the most competent to exercise judicial
power. The gentleman from Missouri objected to
the proposed court, because its action would inter-
fere with the proper province of Congress. But
now, where was his consistency? He would have
all claims come before Congress, because he could
trust noother tribunal; and yet,he would not have
any case come before Congress which had been
adjudicated upon by an Auditor or Comptroller.
Again, the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Bow-
lin] had objected to the establishment of this
board, or court, because he said it would be un-
precedented. But the gentleman from Connecticut,
the chairman of the committee leporting the bill,
[Mr. Rockwell,] had given him examples in
other countries where the Government allows itself
to be sued, in order that more complete justice
may be done. And if it were needful, he could
cite instances from his own experience and knowl-
edge, in the State which he had the honor in part
to represent. He knew, from his own experience
in the legislation of the State o( Ohio, of cases
where the State had submitted to the courts of the
State to adjudicate upon a claim against the State,
according to the principles of law and equity—tile
State waiving her sovereignty, and submitting to
be defendant m the case. He had himself framed
a bill of this character, and there was no difficulty
whatever in its operation. True, you could not
enforce against the Government the collection of
the amount adjudged or decreed; but it was only
necessary to make some appropriation of money,
so that, the warrant for the amount found due to
a claimant being issued after the judgment of the j
court, the money might be paid without the matter \
coming before Congress at all. As an illustration
of this, he referred to what had been done in the
State of Ohio in the settlement of certain claims
arising out of the construction of the public works
of the State.
The gentleman from Missouri had cited the case
of the lAench spoliation bill as an instance where
an immense fraud was practised upon the Govern-
ment by those claimants, and which was only
happily arrested, he might have added, in his
opinion, by the Executive veto. But he (Mr. S.)
did not-agree with that gentleman in regard to the
character of that bill. He believed it to be a very
proper bill. He remembered that he was happy
to vote for it, as he would be again. So far from
its being cited as an instance of the injustice of
legislation of this sort, he did not know of a
stronger instance which could be cited to show the
injustice and wrong on the part of the Govern-
ment, m withholding payment of the claims of its
creditors, extending, as those did, as far back as
the beginning of the present century. But why
had the gentleman quoted that case against this
bill ? If there was a fraudulent or unfounded
claim admitted there, it was done by act of Con-
gress, not by a court or board of commissioners.
He mentioned a case occurring to his nund
now, which had, early in his experience here, in-
duced him to believe that some legislation was
necessary upon this subject. He was first re-
turned a member to the twenty-eighth Congress;
and in the first session of that Congress, the first
petition, he believed, which he had the honor to
present was the petition of the grandson of a man
claiming the value of a boat belonging to his an-
cestor, seized upon by an officer of the Govern-
ment during the revolutionary war. The owner,
the grandfather, had been the original petitioner;
then the father; and at last it had descended, this
claim against the Government, as an heir-loom, to
the third generation. The proof was clear. There
was no reason why it should not have been
promptly paid. Indeed, there had been two or
three favorable reports by committees, as is often
the case, but no action thereon. He had it again
referred to the proper committee. He had never
heard from the boat since; and it was probably
yet afloat somewhere.
The gentleman from Missouri objects to the
creation of this board, because of its liability to
corruption. But it did not appear very clearly
why he entertained that apprehension. Why not
make the same objection against the adjudication"
of claims by Coflgress?—for we are all men, per-
haps infirm alike—unless it might be urged that
the difficulty would be greater because this body
is more numerous than the board would be. But
then, he should remember that for that very rea-
son we present more assailable points to the
enemy. [Laughter.] And that, too, it should
be -remarked, is an objection against all courts.-
With equal propriety he could urge the same ob:
jection against any court in Christendom; for
nothing could be said, upon the supposition of '
corruption, against this mode of settling private
claims against the Government, which could not,
with equal force, be urged against the settlement
by a judicial tribunal of claims and controversies
between individuals. But I have no such poor
opinion of human nature. I do not believe that
honesty is so scarce a commodity, eitherin or out
of courts. If it were true that we cannot consti-
tute a board of commissioners, and invest it with
judicial functions, and have it free from the possi-
bility, or at least the probability, of corruption
and bribery, we might as well give up the whole
matter of government at once; for we have noth-
ing but-such instrumentalities as men are to trust
and work with.
Mr. GREEN interposed here in a fevfl- words,
the object of which appeared to be a correction of
the apprehension of his colleague's argument on
the part of the gentleman from Ohio. His col-
league (who'was not now present) had objected
to the board, not because of men's liability to cor-
ruption, but because this board was to be organ-
ized and proceed upon the adjudication of claims
without any fixed ryles except such as their own
discretion might suggest.
Mr. SCHENCK replied that he certaitily un-
derstood the gentleman to object to the constitution
of this board because of their liability to be bribed.
He would be pleased to think" that he had misap-
prehended him. But the gentleman, he observed,
was present again, and he would thank him for
correction if he was wrong.
Mr. BOWLIN, who had now reappeared,made
some explanation which was too doubtfully heard
to be written, but. which may perhaps be inferred
from what follows.
Mr. SCHENCK. There would probably be
no difference of opinion between the gentleman
and himself, as to that. He (Mr. S.) would not
have the mere vague or crude notions of abstract
right on the part of the commissioners to control
the action of the board any sooner than that gen-
tleman. He would have this tribunal to stand
between the creditor and the Government, and he
would have them to try ail questions permitted "to
come before them according to tfie known princi-
ples of law and equity. So the gentleman's ob-
jection on that point, if there be anything in it, must
be rather to the form or phfaseology of the bill,
than the system which it proposes to establish.
He understood the gentleman as taking a broad
view of things—as taking his stand upon the eter-
nal principles of equity and justice ! He said that
he stood on this subject upon the broad, Demo-
cratic platform of equity—where every man should
be equal to his fellow-man ! Well, that was lib-
eral and large sounding doctrine; but what did it
mean, as applied to the present subject of debate?
They were discussing the relations and obliga-
tions, and mutual rights of creditor and debtor.
Did the gentleman mean to teach that they should
stand upon the same platform of equality—the
creditor acknowledging and paying nothing to the
3ebtor, and the debtor acknowledging and paying
nothing to the creditor? That was not his (Mr. S.'s)
ground. It was a little too liberal—a little too
Democratic for his notions—rather too much of
a dend level! He had an old-fashioned notion
that the debtor ought to pay the creditor his just
demand, whether that debtor were an individual
or a corporation or a government. But perhaps
he was extending too far the construction of the
honorable gentleman's idea of those " eternal prin-
ciples" he had invoked.
His object is rising was simply to present the
amendment which had been read, but which, he
j supposed, was not now in order. If it were in
' order, he would offer it now.
|i The CHAIRMAN said the amendment was not
I in order at this time, an amendment to the first
;! section of the bill being under consideration,
ii Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, then obtained
