THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 6,
the floor, but yielded to a motion by Mr. Stan-
ton that the committee rise; which motion pre-
vailed.
So the committee rose and reported, .
A motion was made that the House adjourn.
Mr. ROCKWELL^ of Connecticut, desired to
offera resolution. .
The SPEAKER put the question on the motion
to adjourn; which being decided in the affirmative.-
The House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, and referred:
' By Mr. GREELEY: The petition of William E. Cox and
several hundred other citizens of New York, for reduced
and uniform rates of postage, and for the abolition of the
franking privilege. Also, the petition of Gilbert Smith aijd
other citizens of New York, tor the same. AHo, the peti-
tion of Charles F. Biiggs and many other citizens of New
York and Brooklyn, tor the same. Also, the petition of
Nelson Smith, of Carroilton, Alabama, for lower postage,
especially on chance newspapers. Also, the petition ot
James S. Anderson and other citizens of New York, for
rdduecd postage. Also, the petition of A. E. Everest and 64
othur citizens of New York, for reduced postage and no
franking. Also, the petition of M. S. Gore Nichols and
other citizens of^New York, for low postage and no franking
privilege. ' „
By Mr. BOYD: The papers in the case of Mrs. Winifred
Ashley, asking a pension.
By Mr. DICKINSON : The petition of S. N. Beach and
13 other citizens of Perry.sbursr, Ohio, masters of vessels and
forwarders, praying Congress to place a light-ship at the
entrance of the Niagara river, on Horse Shoe reef, for the
protection of lives and property. *
By Mr. CLARK, of Maine: The petition of Albert G.
. Lorett and 135 others, citizens of South Thomaston, lor a
new collection district at East Thomaston, in the State of
Maine.
By Mr. f^ARRGLLY: The proceedings of a meeting of
citizens of Mercer county, Pennsylvania, in favor of the ex-
clusron of slavery from the new Territories of New Mexico
and California. Also, the petition of John S. Kihgand nu-
merous other citizens of Mercer county, Pennsylvania, for
The immediate repeal of the existing revenue laws and the
restoration of the tariff act of 1842,. with a view of affording
more efficient protection to the mining and manufacturing
iutere?tN.
fey Mr GRI\NELL: The petition of Jeremiah Mayo and_
other citizens of Brewster, Massachusetts, asking for a float-'
ifig hgnt, to be placed near Pollock Rip, off Chatham, Mas-
sachusetts.
• By Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut: The petition of
G. Trumbull and 127 other citizens of the town of Sto-
nington, in the State of Connecticut, praying for a uniform
rate and reduction of postage, and the abolition of the frank*
ing privilege.
Select Committee on the President's Message,
in relation to the levying of duties in Mexico:
Mr. Toombs, Mr. Yenable,
Mr. Duer, „ Mr". Collamer,
Mr. C. J. Ingersoll, Mr. McClern^nd,
Mr. Stanton, Mr. Garnett Duncan.
'" Mr. BoUs,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 6, 1849.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, offered the
following resolution; which was agreed to:
Resolved, Tint all debate in the Committee of the Whole
House on the state of the Union, on House hill to provide for
the settlementofclatinb against the United States,shall cease
at half past one o'clock on Monday next, (if the committee
shall not sooner come to a conclusion upon the same;) and
the committee shall thereupon pioceed to vote on sqch
, amendments {is may be pending or offered to the same, and
' shall then report it to the House, with such amendments as
may have been agreed to by the committee.
On motion of Mr. ROCKWELL, of Conn.,
Ordered, That a message be sent to the Senate, requesting
that the joint lesolutton of the House for the relief of Sam-
uel T. Anderson, be returned to this House.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved that
the House resolve itself into Committee of thfe
Whole on the state of the Union, to resume the
consideration of the bill to establish a board to
provide for the adjudication of private claims.
Mr. GIDDINGS called, for the regular order of
business. *
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Gidjdings] to reconsider the
bill for the relief of the legal representatives of An-
tonio Paeheco is the first thing in order, and the
gentleman from Ohio is entitled to the floor.
By general consent, ("the Speaker continued,)
the Chair will lay before the House certain Execu-
tive communications which have been lying on the
Speaker's table for several days.
Mr. GIDDINGS yielding for this purpose, and
no objection being made—
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communications.
I. Aletter from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting a report from the Second Comptroller of the
Treasury, made in pursuance of an act approved
May 1, 1820, showing the balances of appropria-
tions under the direction of the War Department,
remaining m the treasury on the first of July,.1847;
the appropriations made for the fiscal year-1847-
'48; the amounts added thereto by repayments
and "transfers in that year; the total amounts ap-
plicable to the fiscal year 1847-'48; the amounts
drawn by requisition from the treasury in the same
time; and finally, the balances on the first of July,
1848; together with such appropriations as have
been carried to .the surplus fund.
Laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
II. A letter from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting, in compliance with the twentieth section
of the act approved twenty-sixth of August, 1842,
statements of expenditures from appropriations
for contingencies of'the various offices and bureaus
of the War Department during the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1848.
Laid on the table and ordered to be printed.
III. A letter from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting a statement of the expenses of the national
armories, and the number of arms and appendages
made and repaired thereat, during the fiscal year
ending 30th- June, 1848.
, Laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
IV. A letter from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting, in pursuance of a resolution of the 29th
May, 1830, a report of the Commissioner of Pen-
sions, with lists of pension claims rejected during
the past year.
Laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Y. A letter from the Secretary of War, trans^
mitting reports from the Adjutant General and
Second and Third Auditors, assigning leasons for
the delay in furnishing, as requiied by the resolu-
tion of the House of June 14, 1848, "a transcript
' of the official army list, m such form as to affix
' opposite the name of each person contained there-
' in, in separate columns, the annual pay of such
' officeTOf person, the amount paid him for rations,
' servants, and forage, and the gross amount paid
' or allowed him in all respects, for and on his ac-
' count for and during the preceding year."
Laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
VI. A letter from the Secretary of the Na^y,
transmitting, in compliance with the resolution of
the House of December 20,1848, statements show-
ing the number and places of birth of officers and
marines employed in the naval and marine services
on the Gulf and Pacific coasts during the late war
with Mexico.
Laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
VII. A letter from the Secretary of the Treasu'ry,
transmitting a report of the superintendent of the
coast survey, on an application of the galvani'c
circuit to an astronomical clock and telegraph regis-
ter in determining local differences of longitude,
and in astronomical observations generally.
Laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. J. INGERSOLL,
Resolved, That the report and communication of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury be printed; and that one thousand
extra copies be printed, of which two hundred and titty
copies shall be for the use of the Superintendent of the Coast
Suivey.
VIII. A letter from the Secretary of War, trans*
mitting, in compliance with a resolution of the
House, of the 18th nit., a communication from the
Colonel of the Corps of Topographical Engineers,
with a copy of the report and plan of the board of
"engineers, appointed under the Bureau of Topo-
' graphical Engineers, to examine and report upon
{the different pians for the improvement of the
* harbor of Buffalo, New York."
Referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. STUART, of Michigan,
Ordered, That Chester Stebbins have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers, which,"at the last session, were re-
ferred to the Committee on Pabhc Lands.
The said petition and papers were thereupon
delivered to Mr. Stuart.
BILL INTRODUCED. !
By Mr. TAYLOR: A bill to cede to the State of i
Ohio all the public lands remaining unsold in the I
Chtlicothe land district, in that State, for certain 1
purposes therein named; rend twice, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
PAYMENT FOR A SLAVE.
Mr. GIDDINGS resumed the floor.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, rose and
appealed to the gentleman from Ohio to consent to
postpone his [Mr. G.'s] motion to reconsider, with'
a "view to resume, in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, the consideration of the
bill to establish a board for the settlement of pri-
vate claims, on which bill the House had just
agreed to terminate debate on Monday.
Mr. GIDDINGS replied that he could no longer
give way. This subject was resting on his mind;
he wanted to dispose of it; he had given way with
pleasure to the gentleman yesterday; he should
occupy but an hour.
He then proceeded to address the House.
Mr. GIDDINGS said, that when on a former
day he yielded the floor for an adjournment, he
was saying that great and importaht principles lay
at the foundation of our Government. Those who
formed it declared the object and ulterior design of
i his and of all civilized governments. That design
was, " to insure to all men (residing under our juris-
diction) the enjoyment of life, liberty, and the pursuit
of happiness." Are we to-day (said he) carrying
out these objects ? Here, sir, are two hundred and
thirty American statesmen legislating for the ben-
efit of slavery. There is no evading this plain and
obvious fact. No subterfuge can hide it from the
people. The powers of government were instituted
by our patriot fathers, for the express purpose of
securing to all for whom we legislate the bless-
ings of liberty. We are now sitting here to com-
pensate the oppressor of his fellow-man for his
inability to continue his power over the victim
of his barbarous cupidity. The members who
vote for this bill will give unmistakable evidence
of their approbation of slavery, and their wilhng-
■ ness to Sustain it.
Before I proceed further,-1 will give a synopsis
of the facts involved in the case. The claimant,
in 1835, residing in Florida, professed to own .a
negro man, named Lewis. This man is said to
I havebeen very intelligent, speaking four languages,
! which he read and wrote with facility. The master
| hired him to an officer of the United States, to act
i as a guide to the troops under the command of
| Major Dade, for which he was to receive twenty-
; five dollars per month. The duties were danger-
i ous, and the price was proportional to the danger,
i At the time these troops were massacred, this
i slave Lewis deserted to the enemy, or was captured
I by them. He remained with the Indians, acting
, with them in their depredations against the white
1 people, until 1837, when General Jesup says he
1 was captured by a detachment of troops under his
I command. An Indian chief, named Juniper, sur-
! rendered with Lewis, whom he claimed as a slave,
| having, as he said., captured him at the time of Major
i Dade's defeat. General Jesup declares that he re-
I garded him as a dangerous man; that he was supposed
I to have kept up a correspondence with the enemy from
j the time he joined Major Dade until the defeat of that
\ officer; that to insure the public safety, he ordered him
j sent west with the Indians; believing that if left in the
> country, he would be employed against our troops. He
'■ was sent west; and the claimant now asks that we
| should pay him a thousand dollars as the value of
, this man's body.
i The Committee on Military Affairs were unable
; to unite in a report upon the case. Five slave-
. holders, representing slave property on this floor,
| and constituting a majority of trie committee, have
'■ reported a bill for the payment of this amount to
j the claimant. Four northern members, represent-'
; ing freemen only, have made a minority report
j against the bill. This report, as 1 think, is sus-
[ tained by irrefutable arguments.
j The majority of the committee assume the po-
: sition, that slaves are icgarded by the Federal Con-
stitution as properly, and that this Government and
! the people of the free States are bound to regard
them as property, and to pay for them as we would
: for so many mules or oxen taken into the public
service. The minority deny this doctrine. They
insist that the Federal Constitution treats them as
persons only, and that this Government cannot
constitutionally involve the people of the free States
m the guilt of sustaining slavery; that we have no
constitutional powers to legislate upon the relation
of master and slave. There are several other
