1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
181
Hotchkiss, Simeon Hotchkiss, and Nelson Hotch-
kiss, asking for a light of preemption to the lands
on which they settled in Illinois; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. BREESE presented a petition from citizens
of Perry county, Illinois, asking a'grant of lands
on each side the route of the Illinois central rail-
road, to aid in its completion; which was laid on
the table—a bill on the subject having been re-
ported,
Mr. ATCHISON presented a petition from An-
derson Estes, asking payment for his services as
a. teamster in the employ of the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. ATCHISON presented a petition signed by
many citizens of Hannibal and Marion counties,
Missouri, asking a grant of 20,000 acres of {and,
for the purpose of establishing free schools; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WALKER presented a petition from citi-
zens of Wisconsin, asking the establishment of a
post route from West iJend to Sheboygan via
Sheboygan Falls; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, the petition from
the.faculty of William and Mary College, Vir-
ginia, was taken from the files of the Seriate, and
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. CAMERON presented a petition from J.
W. Skiles, a volunteer, praying for bounty land;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. CAMERON presented a petition from cit-
izens of Harrisburg, asking Congress to purchase
Mount Vernon; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Agriculture.
Mr. CAMERON presented two petitions from
Norristown, Pennsylvania, and from Montgomery
county; the first asking for the abolition of sla-
very within the District of Columbia, and the,
other, that slavery should be prohibited in the
new Territories.
The motion to receive these petitions was made,
and kid on the table.
Mr. CAMERON presented two petitions from
citizens of Essex county, New York, asking for
a change in the rates of the present tariff duties;
which was ieferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CAMERON presented petitions from citi-
zens of the counties of Lehigh, Huntington, Co-
lumbia, Schuylkill, Union, and Philadelphia,
asking for an increase of the tariff; which were
referred to the Committee on Finance.
On motion of Mr. CAMERON, the petition
from Rebecca Robeson, on the files of the Senate,
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a petition signed
by 438 citizens of New York, asking for the re-
duction of the rates of postage, and the franking
privilege abolished; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. STURGEON presented a petition from
Galvin Blythe, executor of Jesse D. Elliot, pray-
ing remuneration for expenses incurred m enter-
taining royal personages while in command of a
national ship; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. STURGEON presented a petition from
Lieutenant David D. Porter, asking compensation
for certain diplomatic services in the Island of San
Domingo; which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. KING presented a petition from the Mobile
and Ohio Railroad Company, asking for a right of
way and a donation of public lands for the con-
struction of their railroad; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. PEARCE presented a memorial of the Ma-
ryland Historical Society, asking a donation of a
copy of the American archives for the use of their
library; which was referred to the Committee on
the Library.
Also, submitted a communication from Win-
throp W. Cheney and S. E. Guild, executors of
Abel Phelps, addressed to the Committtee on the
Library, in relation to the portraits of the early
Presidents of the United States now in the Library
of Congress; which was referred to the Committee
on the Library.
Mr. BORLAND presented a petition from Wil-
liam Bayard & Co., for a charter for a railroad
from the Mississippi river to California; which was 1
referred to the Committee on Public Lands. j
Mr. CORWIN presented a petition from citi- ;
zens of Essex county, New York, praying for an
increase of duties on foreign imports; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr CORWIN presented a memorial from the
Society of Friends of Ohio, in Yearly Meeting, re-
monstrating against the extension ofslaveryinto
any of the new Territories.
; On motion of Mr. KING, the question of recep-
, tion was raised, and laid on the table.
Mr. WESTCOTT preseited a petition from
' George Foster and others, of Washington county,
Florida, asking a grant to the said county of a
quarter section of land, for the purpose of erecting
i county buildings; which was referred to the Com-
1 mittee on Public Lands.
i Mr. BRADBURY presented a petition from
: Patrick Walker, praying for an increase of pen-
] sion; which was reierred to the Committee on Pen-
j sions.
i SLAVERY IN THE TERRITORIES.
| Mr. HALE. I have a very large number of :
! petitions, numerously signed by women of various 1
. sections of the country, praying Congress to |
; " adopt measures to prevent the extension of sla- [
j i very, to withdraw the protection and cognizance ;
! ' given to the slave trade, and to suppress slavery '
' effectually in those sections over winch Congress 1
I * has jurisdiction." '
; I move, sir, that the petitions be received and
■ referred to the Committee for the District of Co-
S lumbia, with instructions to report a bifi abolishing '
i slavery and the slave trade in the District of Co- j
! lumbia. Upon that motion I have simply a word
! to say. i
Mr. KING. Discussion is not allowable upon ,
this motion. I move to lay the motion of recep-
tion on the table.
Mr. HALE. But I have the floor.
VICE PRESIDENT. The gentleman from
Alabama has moved to lay the motion of reception
on the table.
Mr. HALE. But I had not yielded the floor,
and I beg leave to ask the Senator from Alabama
why I should yield the floor? I made the motion,
and upon that motion was proceeding to remark
that I had a word to say, wben 1 was interrupted
by him.
Mr. KING. Simply because the Senator can-
not discuss the subject until the petitions are re-
ceived. When they are received they arc deba-
table, but until they are received they are not open
for discussion by any Senator.
Mr. HALE. " The practice at the last session
was different. If I do not forget entirely what oc-
curred, upon one occasion the Presiding Officer at
the last session decided that a motion to receive
was a debatable motion, and a debate of several !
days' continuance, under his sanction, occurred
upon a question of this sort. I made a motion to
have leave to introduce a bill, and the result, as I |
have said, was, that we spent several days in dis- '
cussion—and pretty long days at that. i
Mr. WESTCOTT. if the Senator will permit, !
I will state the difference existing between that ,
motion and the present one ^ :
Mr. HALE. I have not yielded the floor.
Mr. WESTCOTT. Then I call the Senator to ,
order, that I may have an opportunity to show I
wherein he is out of order.
Mr. HALE. If the Chair will allow me to make
a suggestion, I will state that my motion that was i
debated at such length at the last session was one
to introduce a bill for the suppression of riots in
the District of Columbia.
PRESIDING OFFICER. The Ch.ur recollects
that, but in this case the Senator from Alabama
has interposed an objection.
Mr. HALE. If the Chair will allow me, I
would inquire whether the Senator from Alabama
had the right to interpose when I was proceeding
to suggest to the Senate some reasons m relation 1
to it?0"The Senator from Alabama had no right
then to interpose with his objection itappearsto
me that the floor belonged to me at least until I
was called to oruei, or ruled out of o*der in my
remarks.
Mr. KING. The parliamentary law is as plain
in relation to this question as it can possioly be.
It is, that when any paper is presented by any
[ Senator, and it is objected to, the question is to be
put, "Shall the paper be received?" A motion to
lay the motion foi leception on the table is not de-
l batable. That has been the practice of the Senate
i for the last eight or ten years. Parliamentary
; law is plain upon this question; and, even if it is
known to the Presiding Officer that objection would.
i made to the reception of the paper after it has
j oeen offered, the motion to lay the proposition of
reception on the table must be taken without de-
; bate. The Senator from New Hampshire, then,
was not in order when he attempted to go on and
; discuss the question involved, and could not with
1 propriety ^proceed with his remarks until the Sen-
; a'.e had decided whether they would receive the
, paper. The Senate had not made that decision,
and the Senator's remarks, therefore, being out of
orde/, I interposed with my motion to lay the
: question of reception on the table; and that ques-
tion, as I have already stated, is not debatable,
i Mr. HALE. Does the Chair decide that I am
i in order to proceed ?
1 PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair has de-
, e.uu; that tli3 motion before the Senate is to lay
the proposition to receive on the table.
Mr HALS. Upon that question I ask the
yeas and nay a.
The yeas and pays were ordered.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I would ask what is the ob-
ject of the petitioners? i would like to hear the
petition read before I vote upon it.
j Mr. BUTLER. He has told you the purport
; Of it,
j Mr. HALE. It is to prevent the introduction
i of slavery where it does not now exist; and
« wheiever the Government has jurisdiction, to pre-
i vent the continuance of American slavery and the
; slave trade.
j Mr. KING. Yes, in forts and arsenals, for in-
stalled.
; Mr. HALE. I have moved that it be referred,
, and that the committee report a bill abolishing
slavery and the slave trade in every place over
! which Congress has jurisdiction. This is the de-
sign of the petitioners.
Mr. WESTCOTT. I understand, then, that
| its object is to abolish slavery in the District of
Columbia.
Mr. HALE. It is to abolish it in every place
over which Congress has jurisdiction.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask that the petition be read.
Mr. KING, i object to the reading. It has not
I been received, and it is not in order to read until it
has been received.
PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion pending
: is the one offered by the Senator from Alabama.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Is it not in oider to ask to
• have the paper read before it is received. I do not
see that there can be any objection to our knowing
the contents of the paper.
PRESIDING OFFICER. It may be read by
unanimous consent.
ajr. KING. The substance of the paper was
j stated by the Senator in offering it, jn accordance
| with the rule, and then, if objection be made, the
, question is, "Shall the paper be receivedObjec-
! lion was made; the question of teception was then
pending, and I moved to lay it on the uiblc.TJntil
that motion ;s deeided, debate will be out of order.
' Mr. DOUGLAS. Surely th« gentleman cannot
have any objection to knowing what he is about
i to vote upon.
Mr. KING. I suppose the Senator froia New
Hampshire has stated thesuostanceof the petitions
| corrcctly.
: Mr. DAYTON. It is the ordinary practice of
■ the tbenaic, I know, on the presentation of memo-
rials which appear to interfile with slavery in any
of the States, to lay the question of their reception
on the table; but where the memorial has reference
1 simply to rho&e topics which come within the reg-
ular jiuiad'-cfion of the Government, and asking
only that which we have a constitutional right to
grant, has it ever been customary to treat such
paners in this way?
Mr. KING, it is not debatable.
Mr. DAYTON. I would ask the Senator from
: Alabama if he has ever known such a practice
' obtain here?
i Mr. KING, (in his seat.) If it were in order, I
would answer the Senator very readily,
j PRESIDING OFFICER. This is not a de-
ij batable motion.
;; Mr. DOUGLAS. We are then to vote to re-
i; ceive the paper in order to have it read I
