182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 8.
PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair has de-
cided that the motion now before the Senate is
not debatable.
The vote was then taken on laying the motion
to receive on the table, and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Atherton, Bell, Benton, Ber-
rteu, Borland, Butler, Clayton, Davis of Mississippi, DicK-
inson, Downs, Fitzgerald, Fitzpatnck, Foote, Houston,
Hunter, Johnson of Louisiana, King, Metcalfe, Pearce, Rusk,
Sturgeon, Turney, Underwood, and We*tcott—25-
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Baldwin, Bradbury, Bright, Cam-
eron, Corwin, Dayton, Dix, Felcn, Hale, Hamlin, Miller,
Niles, Spruance, Upham, and Walker—16,
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. DOUGLAS, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, reported back the bill to establish a terri-
* rial government m Minesota, with amendment.
On motion of Mr. DOUGLAS, the bill was then
taken up, and made the special order for Wednes-
day, the 17th.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported a joint resolution authorizing
the appointment of commissioners to examine into
certain Indian debt claims; which was read a first
time.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported a bill to provide for the ex-
tension of the existing laws in relation to Indian
affairs over the Territories of Oregon, California,
and New Mexico, and for the appointment of
agents for the Indian tribes therein; which was
read a first time.
SWCfRD FOR RELATIVES OF MAJ. RINGGOLD.
Mr. HALE. I ask leave of the Senate at this
time to introduce a joint resolution, which I desire
may be read and referred to the Committee on iVj il-
itary Affairs; and 1 wish to accompany this motion
for leave with a single remaik, if 1 may be permit-
ted.
PRESIDING OFFICER. By unanimous con-
sent of the Senate, leave will be granted.
Mr. KING. Let the resolution be read.
Mr. HALE. I desire that it may be read.
The resolution was lead by the Secretary, as
follows:
Resolved by the Senate and Home of Representative1! of the
United States of Jhncncu m Congress assembled, That the
President of the United Status he requested to present a
sword to the nearest male relative ot Major Samuel Ring-
gold, who was slain gallantly fighting th*- enemy m the bat-
tle of Palo Alto, on the bth of Mav, 184(3, and to communi-
cate to him the deep i egret which Congie&s feels for theloss
of tfiat brave officer.
Mr. HALE. I wish, in presenting this resolu-
tion, to make a few suggestions explanatory of
my course in presenting it. Entertaining the views
which I do of the hue war with Mexico, and which
I fully stated to the Senate at the last session, i
mu3t vote against this as I have Against all resolu-
tions of a similar charjcter. I3ut a very large
majority of the Senate think otherwise, and have
heretofore decided otherwise. If, then, this course
is to be pursued, justice ought to be done m the
distribution of these tokens of national approbation
by Congress—-justice not only to the living, but to
the dead. Mujor Ringgold, I believe, is consid-
ered as the father of that peculiar branch of the
service in which he became so eminent, and left
110 superior for gallantry and good conduct in the
army. While, then, the manifestations of con-
gressional and national gratitude have been so lib-
erally bestowed on the living, it has seemed to
some that a sense of justice requires that the feel-
ings of the friends of the illustrious dead should
be remembered. Major Ringgold left friends, to
whom his name, his lame, and memory are dear.
It is m obedience to considerations such as these
that I have been induced, at the request of a friend
of the late Major Ringgold, to present the fore-
going resolution. In doing it, I have discharged
all the duty which I have to peiform in relation to
the subjcct, I leave the subject in the hands of the
Senate, not doubting that they will do full justice
to the memory of Major Ringgold, and to the feel-
ings of those triends to whom his fame and memory
are so rich an inheritance.
Precedents for a similar course in regard to de-
ceased meritorious officers are to be found in the
history of our previous legislation, and I have
adopted one passed in a like case, for services ren-
dered in the late wax with Great Britain, by a de-
ceased officer.
I have said thus much to explain my course in
offering this resolution, as without such an ex-
planation, it might appear that I had acted in a
manner inconsistent with the course I had hereto-
fore pursued. 1 still entertain the same opinions
i have heretofore expressed on the subject ot the
Mexican war and thanks to the officers who fought
its battles; and if I vote on this resolution I must
vote against it, as X have against all of a similar
character. -
The resolution was received, and, having been
read a first and second time, was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BREESE, pursuant to notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill tor the relief of
the legal representatives of John Rice Jones, de-
ceased; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. HOUSTON submitted the following pream-
ble and resolutions; which were read, and ordered
to be printed:
Wherea.--, by the acquisition of the territory of New Mex-
ico u.«d UttMonsia, ana the recent occupation of Oicgon,
new nuerocU of a national character have been crea-
ted, the e:-uiy development of winch is of the highest im-
ponanee in the advancement of the prosperity ol our
eoiuitiy . and wherea.-, it becomes Ud, a-* a wise people, to
t.dcv bach measures will i.imuc protection in war as well
us in peace, to chose distant p. mom  of our Republic, by
c^tnbhsmn^ between them and the existing State& the safest
and ap.^uheat routes by land, winch will aiwajs remain
open under oar exciu.-ive control, and not be subjected to
any change of relatiuns between ourselves and ou>er pow-
erful nanoiio. therefore,
Replied, That a special committee be appointed, to con-
sist Ci  members, to inquire into anu report upon the
txpi d ency ot estabii-hing a railroad by the government of
the United ISiatt-,-, for military between San Fran-
ctseo, on the Jtacitic, and the mo>t suitable point which
nmy De found on the navigable waters of the valley of the
Mis^s.-ippi; and Unit the said eoimmtiee be, and uie ntieby,
instructed to examine and report, a-* nu iuj can be asci-i-
lamed, according to the facts known, what would ne the
ptoKnde 'uiiw.Uit oi gold produced to the GwV lament ot tic
Gnued States, per annum, for a peuod of ten vears, ut the
raf-1 <ii an a>se? .Niacin o{ eiyiit per cent, rent upon all that
may be nasi within that time in California; ai>d also to re-
port upon the expediency or applying the hist proceeds of
that iiii-.d to the building of such a road.
li.csoi.ie(l,furcheri That the mud committee are hereby
instruct'd to inquire lino and report upon the expediency
of makn-g a mihttu} road, of the u.mal class, between the
points liuhrafi d foi 'election by the preceding resolution,
by the empiovment by the Government of the tinted Suites
of such a poiuon of the military force as would be neets-
i-ar) to complete it at the eatlie&t period.
Risoivul, further* That the said committee are hereby
instructed tu inquire into and repoit the- number of militaiy
post* pioper to he established upon said road, ior the piotee-
non oi toe live** and propejty Oi the citizens of the United
State.-; and report the extent oi the military force winch
wouid be nece-sary to maintain the said posts.
Mr. BELL submitted the following resolution,
which lies over one clay under the rule;
Ri,jiich, That Uic Scxoiut Auditor and Second Comp-
tr>'ik i o the Treasuiy import to the Senate, carh, us prac-
ticable, wuui amount is due to the Cherokee nation ot In-
dians, aceoidint; to the principles established bytneheaty
ot i>--kJ beiv\ tel. ihe L'oiteU tfiates ,iiul the said Oiieiokce
nation, t ikns^ a-: a ha-i-. foi men- e.dc mauon thf shift merit
ot amounts made by ihe Comim&siontr o$ liiuiati Allans,
in Ins r«-j)oit of May 1U, l&>-b.
RECIPROCITY WITH CANADA.
On motion of Mr. DiX, tiie prior orders were
postponed, and the Senate proceeded to the con-
sideration of the bill to admit certain articles of
the glow th or production of Canada into the United
States free of duty, upon condition that the like
articles of the growth or production of the United
States are admitted into Canada free of duty; the
question pending being upon the amendments re-
ported by the Committee on Commerce.
The bill having been lead—
Mr. DIX. The amendments are not material,
and I will therefore not ask the Senate to adopt
them. If it were in my power, 1 would withdraw
them; but as they were repoited by the committee
at tae last session, i am not at liberty to do so.
Before the question is taken on the bill, however,
I will ask the Senate to non-concur in them. The
provisions of the bill are so simple and so clear
that it may perhaps be unnecessary for me to enter
into any explanation of their object. On the other
hand, sir, it may perhaps be expected that I should
make a few observations, rather by way of en-
larging the considerations which the bill necessa-
rily suggests than for the purpose of presenting |
new ones; and 1 may therefore be permitted to |
occupy the attention of the Senate for a few min-
utes. j
The bill provides for freedom of intercourse and '
exchange between the United States and Canada, -
m relation to certain enumerated articles which !
are the growth or production of either of the two ]
countries. These articles all belong to the depart-
ment of agriculture, and they are of common pro-
duction in both countries. The countiies them-
selves are not essentially different m climate or
soil at the points of contact, but as we turn from
the frontier the advantage 111 both lespects is on
our side. The provisions of the bill, therefore,
are not likely to violate the policy of this Govern-
ment in regard to our intercourse with foreign
countries generally, while the marked difference
in the social relations between the two countries,
which will necessarily result from making the
terms of exchange equal as this bill proposes,
must be advantageous to both. The bill provides
for the reciprocal abrogation of duties on both
sides, so far as the enumerated articles are con-
> cerned, so that when any of our citizens choose
| to go into Canada with their pork or flour, and
| dispose of it there, they may bring back an
1 equivalent, without being subjected to the pay-
! ment of duties upon reentering the United States.
! It is, in fact, an abrogation of the custom-houses
on both sides, so far as the enumerated articles
i are concerned. It will relieve the inhabitants
! on both sides, especially those on the frontier,
j from a common burden, equally inconvenient to
j be borne, and, as I believe, equally advanta-
i geous to be cast off; I mean the inconvenience of
I going to the custom-house and paying the duty on
j every pound of pork or bag of wheat which passes
i the frontier—an inconvenience which is often now
: got rid of by avoiding the officers of the customs,
' and evading the payment of the duty which the
i law requires. A very earnest desire is felt by the
; inhabitants on both sides of the frontier that this
. bill should be passed. Speedy action also is looked
for, as the Canadian Pailiament is about to meet,
and this measure, if adopted by us, will become
the basis of a similar enactment there; and it is
thought that it will prove highly bencficial to the
interests of the two countries. The Legislature
of Canada has labored for many years, by all the
means in its power, to get rid of the restrictions
by which commerce between them and us has been
embairassed; the most liberal course has been
adopted oil their part, by abolishing the old sys-
tem of deferential duties, and placing us on a foot-
ing with the mother country in relation to the ex-
change of products. 1 really hope that this policy
on her part may be met by a corresponding spirit
on ours, and that between the two countries, bor-
dering upon each other as they do, and the inhabit-
' ants of each necessarily brought into contact con-
| tmually, there may be established the most friendly
, intercourse. Itisdesirablethattheoccasionsshould
■ be as few as possible in which the inhabitants of
i either shall find any impediment thrown in the
way of the most unrestricted intercourse with
those of the other.
I The suggestion, sir, which I am now making,
i touching the interest of the frontier inhabitants,
j although in accordance with the nature of the sub-
ject, is perhaps the most narrow view that can be
taken of it. A more statesmanlike view is that
which looks to the abolition of all restrictions be-
tween neighboring States, except such as are de-
manded for the preservation of their mutual inter-
ests. I believe that the interests sought to be
secured by this bill are of this character. The laws
now in existence for the protection of both parties
j yield little revenue and no protection, and arc not
' likely to commend themselves to any legislature;
their removal, therefore, would be advantageous
to both parties. That this measure will tend to
| promote the good neighborhood and friendly feel-
i ing that now exists between the two countries,
cannot be doubted; and for this reason, as well as
those I have before stated, I trust that the measure
| may meet with no opposition.
; This is all that i propose to say now in expla-
nation of the provisions of the bill; but if any
Senator should suggest any point of inquiry in rela-
tion to its provisions, I may be under the neces-
sity of trespassing again upon the patience of the
Senate, but it shall be as briefly as the nature of
the subject and the interests involved therein will
admit.
Mr. PEARCE. I feel it to be my duty to with-
hold my assent to this bill, and therefore very
briefly to state to the Senate the grounds of my
opposition.
The bill was introduced into the House of Repre-
sentatives unaccompanied by any report; it passed
without any discussion; and, I believe, without
