1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the knowledge of a majority of the members of
that body. It has been brought into the Senate
without any report, and no papers accompanying
it which give us the statistics of the trade between
Canada and the United States, or any of those
details without which we cannot clearly under-
stand the operation and effect of the measure. I
think it a very important measure—a departure
from the general revenue policy of the country,
involving in its consequences, direct and remote,
a probable and serious injury to one of the greatest
interests of the country—an interest as little, or
less piutected than any other, and quite as much
entitled to the benefit of direct or incidental pro-
tection as any. The bill proposes to allow the
importation into the United States from Canada
free of duty of wheat and breadstuffs generally,
and other products of that colony, upon condition
that similar articles, the product of the United
States, may be imported into Canada free of duty.
Now, sir, there is really no reciprocity in all this:
the bill is delusive. If it pass, not a dollar's worth
of any of these products will be exported from the
United States to Canada. These products are com-
mon to both countries, and both have a surplus of
them for exportation. Canada is not, and cannot
be a market for such products of the United States;
while the direct effect of the bill is to give her a
participation in our home market. So that there
will be no equivalent afforded to us; certainly none
to the great gram-growing interest, which is mostly
concerned in the legislation on this subject.
It has been hinted that if we pass this bill the
navigation of the St. Lawrence will be opened to
us. Of this we have no guarantee; and if we had,
however much the navigation of the St. Lawrence
may formerly have been desired by us, it is of no
impoilance to us now. Our artificial channels of
communication supply us much better than the St.
Lawrence can do. And if it is of so little value to
Canada that she desires to obtain the full use of
our routes of transportation, it is clear that it must
be of little or no value to us. Formerly, when
Great Britain had a system of differential duties,
allowing the importation of colonial wheat and
flour at much lower duties than those laid upon
wheat and flour from the United States, we did
export grain to that colony, which passed as colo-
nial produce, and so was shipped to England with-
out payment of the differential duty. But now
England had changed her policy, and abolished
the differential duty, and all this trade is at an
end. My objections to the bill are of two char-
acters. ,1 fear that if it be passed the result will
be the introduction of all foreign breadstuffs into
the Uniled States free of duty. We have reci-
procity treaties with many nations—with Russia,
Prussia, Austria, Portugal, Sardinia, almost all the
German States, and also those of South America.
Some of these, as ilussia and Prussia, are great
gram-producing States. Now, the reciprocal pro-
vision in all these treaties is, I believe, ill tne same
words, with the exception of that with Chili. The
tieaty with Prussia provides, in the 5th article,
that—
<- No higher or other duties'shall be imposed on the im-
porralion mto the United States ol anj article the produce or
manuiaetute of Piussia. and no higher or othet duty bhall be
imposed em the importation intu the Kingdom of Prussia of
any ;ir11oI■ ■ the pioiluee and mamitaetnie ol the United
States, than are oi shall be payable on the like aitide, being
the produce oi manulacture of any other foieign eountty."
Now, sir, as soon as we admit Canadian bread-
stuffs free of duty, Russia and Prussia, which pro-
1 duce wheat at lower prices than we uo, may and
! probably will demand that their breadstuffs shall
' come into the United States free of duty—and so
we shall have free trade in breadstuffs with all those
Powers with whom we have reciprocity treaties.
I know it is said in a letter from the Treasury De-
partment, which is brief, meager, and I think very
unsatisfactory, that this result will not be feared,
because Canada is a colony of Great Butam, and
not an independent Power. But this is of no con-
sequence. Canada is a foreign country as to us.
Her produce is the pioduce of a foreign country,
though that country be only one ol' the dependen-
cies of a great empire. But it is said that tins free-
dom of duty is allowed upon an equivalent, and,
therefore, other countries w ho give no such equiv-
alents cannot claim the same freedom from duty.
But it is manifest that if the doctrine of equivalents
be conect, Russia, Prussia, and the other Powers
will have nothing to do but to enact that American
breadstuff's may be imported into their dominions
free of duty. Then the objection a want of
equivalents would fall to the ground,and we should
have to compete in our own markets with the vast
store-houses of the Baltic and the Black Sea. Our
own Government has given a construction to these
reciprocal provisions worthy of notice.
The Senate will remember that in 1831 Mr. Rives,
of Virginia, then our Minister to Prance, negotiated
with that Government a convention which provided
for the importation of French wines at very low
duties, established by the treaty; and that this was
in consideration of the abandonment by France of
certain reclamations which that Government had
formed in relation to the eighth article of the treaty
of cession of Louisiana, in 1840 we entered into
one of these reciprocal treaties with Portugal, the
language of which is precisely the same with that
of Prussia. And yet, notwithstanding the equiva-
lent in tho French convention, our Government
thought it necessary to guard against the right or
claim of Portugal to the admission of her wines on
payment of the same duties as those imposed by
the convention on the wines of France. Hence,
in the proviso to the third article of the Portugal
treaty, U was carefully stipulated that nothing m
the general reciprocal clause which I have tr.en-
j lioned "should be understood to interfere with
' the stipulation entered into by the United Stales
' of America for a special equivalent m regaia to
' French wines," &c.
In the treaty with Chili it is provided that any
particular favor in respect of commerce and navi-
gation granted to any other nation, shall immedi-
ately become common to the other party upon the
same terms.
It seems to be enough to state these provisions
of our treaties to show their necessary and inevit-
able effect. Indeed, the general result which I ap-
prehend, and object to, seems to have been intended
and desired by the Treasuiy Department. In the
lette,r of the acting Secretary of the Treasury to
the Committee on Commerce in tho House, 1 find
this language:
" Were it conceded that the adoption of this measure, in
regard to Canada, a colony of Great [tntain, by reetproeal
legislation, would render it necessary that we should grant
the same pnvileges on the same terms to several other na-
tions, or to their colonies, dinmi  the pirtods embraced m
certain treaties with them, the advantages of such reciprocal
introduction ol these articles fiee of duty, by similar enact-
ments, wall Mich countries or eolonus. would in all such
cases prove httihly advantageous to the United State1;; and
: l indeed the law', in similar phraseology, might be safely and
] advantageou-ly extended, it the committee thought proper,
11 so as to embrace in similar reciprocal enactments, as to ali
: these articles, on the same terms, all the nations of the
j world.*'
i' From this it seems that the Treasury Depart-
I ment thinks it would be advantageous to throw
j open our ports and markets to all the wheat-grow-
! ing countries of the world.% This bill, therefore,
! t may be considered as the first movem jnt towards
[' the entire withdrawal of all, even incidental, pro-
tection to the grain-growers of the United States,
], while other gieat interests retain the protection
I which the tariff of 1846 gives them. I do not
, think the people interested in the agriculture of the
j; country will be satisfied with this. If they are
II not to have an equality of benefits, they will insist
ii upon an equality of another sort. Benefits not
i generally given must be generally withdrawn; and
|; other interests must abandon the protection given
j1 to them.
;! Certainly there is no equivalent offered by this
ij measureto'theagncultural interest. Whateverben-
' efit is to be derived from it will inure to the mullets
!| of northern New York, to northern railroads and
:. canals, and to northern shippers and manufacturers;
11 and te-them the profit must be much smaller than
! the injury to the agricultural class, i do not de-
| sire, sir, to force up the price of wheat by partial
legislation. But surely, in a country like ours,
I which produces a surplus of twenty to twenty-five
iy millions of bushels of wheat beyond all the wants
if of our ordinary consumption, we have a right to
n ask that we may enjoy our home market without
' competition from other countries on terms such as
apply to no other great interest of the country.
- Before the act of 1846 the duty on wheat was a
i specific one of twenty-five cents per bushel; now
i it is an ad valorem one of twenty per cent., which
ordinarily makes aduty ofabout fourteen or fifteen
cents per bushel on Canadian wheat, the average
price being seventy-five cents per bushel, as I learn
I from a work on my table entitled " Canada and the
, Colonies." It is now seventy cents, as the Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Phelps] telle me. This is a
very moderate duty, and the rate of twenty per
cent, is that which I remembera former Secretary
of the Treasury pronounced to be the common and
proper standard of a revenue duty. It is less,
however, than the average of duties under the act
of 1846.
The memorial on which the bill is based States
that wc have considerable trade with Canada now,
and that it would be greater, if that colony had the
means of making payments in the United States;
and these they can only have by introducing their
produce into our country dirty free. In other
places, we are told that the only effect of denying
this measure will be to confine the products of
Canada to their own channels of exportation, and
that they will still meet us in competition in the
various markets of the world. These positions
destroy each other; for if the products of Canada
can compete with us in the markets of the world
without this bill, then they will still furnish the
means of paying for these importations in our ovtrn
or other markets.
I suppose breadstuffs to be the chief, if not the
only, articles mentioned in the bill as to which the
Canada people feel any concern. I have been told
so, and I am sure, that if they were stricken from
the bill, there would be no interest felt for its pas-
sage. I speak, therefore, only of these articles.
If the bill should pass, its operation would be in-
jurious in this way. The United States produce
much more wheat than they ordinarily consume,
and the surplus is larger than the demand in all
the markets of the world.
I have made, from the annual reports on the
commerce and navigation of the United States, a
table showing the annual exportation of bread-
stuffs for a period of six years prior to the extraor-
dinary period of 1846-'47, when there was a famine
in Ireland and scarcity in England and over the
continent of Europe. In these six years, the
average of wheat and flour exported from the Uni-
ted Slates is between six and seven millions of
bushels of wheat, reducing the barrels of flour into
bushels of wheat; while the surplus was certainly
twice as much, as is proved by the extraordinary
supplies furnished by us to Europe with so much
facility during the period of famine and scarcity
which I have mentioned. The surplus of wheat
grown in Canada for exportation, I find stated in
the work to which I have referred to have aver-
aged, during a period of four years, terminating
in 1835, about eight hundred "thousand bushels.
Since that period the population of Canada has in-
creased very greatly, and emigration has gone
chiefly to the wheat-growing part of the colony,
Canada West. It seems to me to be fair to assume
that they now have an annual surplus of near two
million bushels of wheat for exportation. This
may now be exported through our maritime cities,
a drawback of the duty being allowed *by our re-
cent legislation, retaining only the small usual per
centage. But this, the memorialists say, is incon-
venient and cumbrous. But it must be manifest
that the inconvenience is inconsiderable if the ob-
ject really be merely to ship through our ports.
This measure will enable them to sell for consump-
tion on our northern seaboard, and this would be
a decided benefit to them. The St. Lawrence is
closed half the year by ice, and when its navigation
is open the cost of transportation by that route is
much larger than from the lakes through New
York. The same authority which I beforequoted
states the cost of getting a bushel of wheat from
the Canada shore of Lake Erie to England to be
about sixty-two and a half cents.
This, then, is a decided advantage, which the
grain-growers of the United States have over those
of Canada, and this we propose to give up without
any solid equivalent.
To what extent this measure will affoct the price
of flour and injure tlie agriculturists of our Union,
I will not venture to predict. But I am very sure
that the introduction of even a million of bushels
of wheat in a mat ket already overstocked, whether
for consumption or exportation, must necessarily
reduce the value of the article. Besides, such legis-
lation, on our part, will stimulate the production
of wheat in Canada, and make that colony an in-
creasingly formidable rival in this respect. I can-
not consent, therefore, to throw away the ad van -
I tages which nature and the ordinary legislation of
I the country give us. At all events, I desire to see
1 what the effect of opening the ports of Great Brit-
