1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
185
of quasi annexation, because the advantages^which
are urged as arising from it seem to relate to some
such measure in the future. If the provinces are
not of tins country they are foreign, and, accord-
ing to that provision of the treaty with Prussia
which the Senator from Maryland has read, they
are entitled to be placed on the same footing with
other foreign countries. Why, sir, in this way
we might take in different parts of the British
empire from time to time, and give them advan-
tages which the countries on the Baltic do not
enjoy, and thus evade the provisions of this treaty.
Such wouid not be the construction which the
Prussian Government would put upon it. Such
would not be the construction which an impartial
arbiter would put upon it.
The Senator from Connecticut objects to many
of our treaties which profess to be reciprocal, upon
the ground that there is no real reciprocity in their
provisions. He admits that the benefits of the
arrangement proposed by this bill are not recipro-
cal, and yet he is willing to let in the Canadians,
on account of the benefits which wouid accrue
to the New York canals, and to the commerce
of the North and East from the absorption of the
trade between Canada and foreign countries. I
acknowledge that this is a fair and persuasive
argument. I should be willing to afford them
any advantages we can without doing injustice
to other portions of the country, and to other
more general interests. But is it necessary for
that purpose that we should give the Canadians a
law by which they can export their gram through
our channels of trade? Do they not now receive a
drawback upon all goods shipped at our ports on
the Atlantic? Have we not extended to them every
encouragement to induce them to bring their pro-
duce through the canals of New York? We know
that it has taken that channel already, and that all
the facilities we have afforded them have been
taken advantage of.
I was reading a leading commercial paper of
New York city a short time since, and 1 there saw
it stated that the Canadians say that they can al-
ready expoit their goods at less expense through
our pons than through their own.
As to the other consideration upon which we are
urged to pass this bill, viz: that we will be al'owed
to navigate the St. Lawrence upon equal terms
with them, the present course of trade shows that
it will be of little advantage to us; for notwith-
standing our high duties under the drawback law,
the tiade from Canada to foreign countries is car-
ried on almost wholly through our ports, and the
roajoiity of their exports are made from New
York.
We have thus doneall that is necessary, in order
to give New York all the advantages and profits
arising from the carrying trade between Canada
and foreign ports. We have done all that is legit-
imate for us to do, all that the commercial interest
requires, and now they come here and ask that
they may be allowed to receive the productions of
Canada free of duty for home consumption. While
the manufacturers of the North and East have the
protection which isafTorded them under the present
tariff, they are to be allosved to receive breadstuff's
free of duty from Canada, and probably from the
Baltic also.
Now, sir, is not this unequal in more than one
point of view? Unequal not only between the
agricultural, commercial, and manufacturing inter-
ests, but also unequal between dilieicnt sections of
the country. Would such a proposition be re-
ceived in relation to the productions of Cuba, or
Mexico, or any of the countries which lie 10 the
south of us? No, sir, not fur a moment. In that
point of \iew it is a bill to give the sole benefit of
the Canadian trade to New York and New Eng-
land. The commercial and navigating interests
have all that they can rightfully demand in the act
allowing a drawback on Canadian productions
shipped from our ports. This is a law properly
enacted for their benefit. But they have no right
to demand, and surely the manufacturing interest
ought not to expcct us to injure the agricultural
classes by the passage of such a law as Uiis for
their benefit. With these views, I am opposed to
this bill, and trust that the Senate will not agree to
its adoption.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I represent an agricultural
State, but I do not see how the trade of Canada in
agricultural products will interfere with us. For
one, sir, I have no fear of their underselling us in
those articles. I apprehend that the effect of this
bill will be, that at this season of the year, when the
navigation of the St. Lawience is closed, the agri-
cultural productions of Canada will pass over lail-
roads and canals, through Atlantic States, and
then go abroad in American instead of foreign bot-
toms. If I am light m this suggestion, the effect
would be to enable American railroads, canals,
commission merchants, and all petsons interested
in American trade, to tax Canadian products on
their transit from American to foieign ports. In-
stead of being a tax upon the shipping interest,
as has been suggested by the Senator from Vir-
ginia 
IVJr. HUNTER, (in his seat.) I stated it would
be to their benefit.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I regret that I misunderstood
the honorable Senator, it would then be a benefit
to the shipping inteiest, to our works of internal
improvement, and to all parties connected with this
trade-, and 1 do not see that it injures any one. 1
do not believe that they can bring in agricultural
products from Canada so as to undersell us. i
believe, on the contrary, that we can undeisell
them. 1 am willing, then, to put this question
upon the ground that the advantage would be re-
ciprocal. it is important to our commerce that there
should be recipiocity in tiade and kind feeling be-
tween the people upon the diil'eient sides or the
lakes and the St. Lawience and the Niagaia nveis.
On the Canada side they have some ai tides which
we want, and on this side wc have some articles
which they want; and commerce can be carried on
with greater facility and more good feeling if this
reciprocity should exist. It appears to me, that if
any one is to be injured by tins arrangement, it
will be those who reside upon the lakes, and have
immediate and direct mtercouise with Canada;
but, sir, 1 doubt whether the people of the country
on the borders of the lakes—wlio would be most
affected by this bill—would have any apprehen-
sions that they are to be injuied by its passage.
Mr. PHIELPS. I have had vety little opportu-
nity to examine this bill, but so far as i have been
able to examine it, my impressions are most de-
cidedly against it; and for the reasons already pre-
sented. 1 can perceive no advantage to be dei ived
from its passage to any portion ot the people of
this country. Whether the effect of it would be
to introduce a competition in the article of bread-
stulfs, is a question pethaps that cannot now be
decided; but, taking either fiorn of the alternative,
it appears to me the bill promises no advantage at
all. if we suppose that the mtioduction of these
articles svill affect the maiket, it must then be con-
ceded that the effect of the bill will be pernicious.
If, on the other hand, no effect takes place, the
question with propriety may be asked, of what use
is a bill that has no efiect upon the market; or what
advantage is to be derived from the introduction of
this bill if it has no sort of bearing upon the mar-
ket? But there are other considerations; and first
in relation to the advantage which it is supposed
will acciue to what is called the carrying tiade in
the transportation of Canada products to foreign
markets. As the Jaw stands, articles from Can-
ada pass thiough this country subject to duty, but
entitled to a drawback upon leaving the country.
There is, then, no duty in reality to be paid upon
the productions of Canada which pass through this
country as the law now btands. A bill, theretoie,
lepealing the duties amounts to nothing, tor the
articles by the present law are left in the same con-
I dition that the law finds them. Another consid-
! eration; i am told tlict the transportation of a bun el
( of llour by way of the St. Lawrence for England
costs fifty cents more than by way of New Voik.
! This difference in the cost of transportation, and
, the nsk of obstructed navigation on the St. Law-
! rence, gives the railroads and canals of this
; country the benefit of the transpoitation. in
! this paiticular, aiso, the bill amounts to nothing.
] But when i come to look at the articles upon
; which duty is proposed to be remitted, 1 find that
: theie is no probability that any one ot them will
' ever be impoited into tins countiy; and so far as
. my personal knowledge extends of the traae be-
[ tween the provinces and the United States, i can
J readily affirm that not one of these articles pro-
j posed to be sent to Canada will be required to leave
1 the United States and go to Canada for a market.
| Therefore, there can be no reciprocity m the mat-
| ter. It is an advantage—if such it can be called—
i given to the producers of breadstuff's m Canada,
without an equivalent to us, so far as I am in-
formed. If, however,'*we are to place ourselves
on the footing of reciprocity with Canada, and
this liberal system is to be introduced in order to
facilitate the export of such articles as we desire
to send to Canada, let us enlarge the number of
articles which we propose to send there. There
is a great variety of manufactured articles pro-
duced in New England which would find a very
advantageous market there. Our agricultural pro-
ductions would not go there; therefore, if we make
provision in this bill to introduce such articles into
those provinces as are made m New England,
there would then be something like reciprocity.
With a view of testing the principle, I offer the
following amendment:
"Insert hat>, boot*, shoes, and other manufactures of
leather, cotton ami woollen fabrics."
Mr. CLAYTON demanded the yeas and nays
upon the amendment, and they were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I would say to
I the honorable Senator from Vermont, that I would
like to amend the amendment by inserting "cot-
ton, sugar, and tobacco, the growth of the United
States."
Mr. PHELPS. I have no objection to that.
Mr. WESTCOTT. I regret that it appears from
the remarks of the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Hunter,] and from the indications of
the opinions of mostot the southern Senators of the
Demociatic party, that on this bill I shall separate
from them. 1 shall vote for this bill. I will not
now discuss at length the principles involved in the
bill, but I will briefly advert to that one which
chiefly influences me to give such a vote. Sir, I
will not yield to any Senator on this floor in my
devotion to free trade, it is because I am uncom-
promising in my support of that principle that I
will vote for this bill. It maintains those doctrines.
1 wish it was more general; that the principles of
it were more widely extended; that it was not so
local and sectional and special m its character.
Still, sir, the true course, as I conceive, is not to
allow sectional jealousy or scctional prejudice or
feeling to induce me to abandon the principles and
doctrines in relation to duties on imports that I hold
to be the only sound rules of legislation. I will
not hesitate to establish this principle whenever
and wherever I can in any section of the Union.
Sir, such a course will result in its establishment
ultimately in all sections. Establish it in the North,
along your Canada lines, and you will win the
support of your citizens, who will feci and realize
its salutary and beneficial effects. They will be-
come advocates of the principle and will aid in
upholding it throughout the Union. All that is
necessary, sir, is for the agricultural portion of
our citizens, the most intilligent as a mass of all
the different classes, and who are properly cal'ed
the " bone and sinew of the land," to see the bene-
ficial effects of the non-restrictive doctrine with
respect to their own interests, and they will become
converts to it. They will soon tell the interests,
antagoriistica) to thens—the manufacturing capital-
ists and the domestic merchants—that they will no
longer submit to partial legislation, exacting from
the pocket of the farmer tribute to the manufac-
tuierand merchant. This is one reason for my
vote for this bill.
Mr. President, this is a proper occasion to advert
to another subject connected in principle with this
bill. I regret that the honorable Senator from
New York [Mr. Dix] is not in his seat to hear
what I now say.
A Senator. He is on the other side of the
Chamber.
Mr. WESTCOTT. I ask the Senator's atten-
i tion to my remaiks, and to the reference I shall
\ make to the Committee on Commerce, of which
; he is chairman. Sir, while the East and North
| are asking for the special legislation proposed by
. this bill, it would have been well had the commit-
, tee that reported it reported also a provision to re-
peal the special law,pussedfourteen yearsago, that,
; even if not designed, does directly assail the agri-
' cultural mteiestsof at least six southei n States, ai.d
• that, in fact, prohibits and destroys an impoitant
| branch of the trade they once had. I say, sir,
! fourteen years ago an act was passed, the chief
I efiect of which, as it respects the commerce of the
! United States, is to destroy a profitable market for
i the agricultural products of at least six southern
i States, and to give to a few merchants of New
I York, Boston, end Philadelphia, and other eastern
