1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
18T
explosions, and on the subject of steam navigation
generally, and with respect to patents for inven-
tions relating to that subject.
Regarding the report as of great importance, and
that the information it contains should be dissem-
inated throughout the country, and a copy placed
on board at least every steamboat in the United
States, I move that thirty thousand copies of it be
printed, and that it be referred to the Committee
on Patents.
Mr. TURNEY. It does seem to me extraor-
dinary that it should be considered necessary to
print so large a number. I move that the motion
to print be referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. PHELPS. Is there not a standing rule
which requires that all such documents should be
referred to the Committee on Printing?
The matter was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
On motion, the Senate proceeded to the consid-
eration of Executive business; and, after some time
spent therein, the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 8, 1849.
The Journal of Saturday having been read:
Mr. NICOLL rose and addressed the Chair.
COMPENSATION FOR A StAVE.
The SPEAKER rose and said, the House would
remember that the vote on the passage of the bill
for the relief of the legal representatives of Antonio
Pacheco, on Saturday last, was originally made up
by theCleik as ninety in the affirmative, arm eighty ■
nine in the negative. The record having been
handed to the Speaker, and the vote having been
announced, the Speaker proceeded to make some
remarks preparatory to the vote which the rule of
the House made it his duty to give.
Whilst the Speaker was explaining, he waa
interrupted by the Clerk, who stated that there
had been a mistake in making up the record, and
that the vote stood ninety-one in the affirmative,
and eighty-nine in the negative. In this state of
the vote the intervention of llie Speaker was no
longer allowable, and the bill was declared to have
been passed.
Upon a more careful reexamination of the vote,
an error was discovered, and the vote should have
been slated as 89 m the affirmative, and 83 in the
negative—a tie. If, therefore, there were no fur-
ther corrections of the Journal to be made, a case
was presented for the decision of the Chair.
Mr. FAIIRELLY rose and inquired of the
Chair whether his vote had been recorded ?
The Clerk (through the Speaker) replied that
the vote of the gentleman was not recorded.
Mr."FARRELLY. I voted no.
The SPEAKER. It is the right of the gentle-
man to have his vote recorded.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, rose and said,
that as there seemed to have been a miscount of
the vote two or three times, it would probably be
more satisfactory to gentlemen on both sides of the
House if the record should again be read over
distictly.
The C'erk read the record accordingly.
Mr. PETT1T rose to inquire of the Speaker, if
it was in order to move a reconsideration of the
vote. He understood ihe case to have been decided
by the vole this morning.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will state the vote.
Mr. VENABLE rose and (addressing the Chair,)
said, he desired to inquire whether the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Farrelly] had voted
when the question on the passage of the bill was
taken.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can answer
for himself. The gentleman has stated to the Chair
that he voted in the negative.
Mr. FARRELLY. I voted no.
Mr. VENABLE. I understood the gentleman
to say that he voted on Saturday.
Mr. FARRELLY said that he had distinctly
stated that he had voted on Saturday.
The SPEAKER called the attention of the gen-
tleman from North Carolina [Mr. VenableJ to the
fact, that the first vote which had ever been given
by the Speaker in this House had not been heard
by the Clerk, and consequently had not been re-
corded. Four days afterwards, an adjournment of
the House having intervened, on the suggestion of
the Clerk, the vote of the gentleman was recorded.
It changed the result, and the whole question was
again brought before the House.
Mr. VENABLE said he wished to be under-
stood. He had not heard this declaration of the
gentleman. If he had heard it, he should not
have asked the question.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will now an-
nounce the result of the vote.
Mr. C. J. 1NGERSOLL rose and said, that he
did not exactly know whether he was entitled to
vote or not. He had left the House for a short
time, for the purpose of going into the libiary to
consult. He did not precisely know the point of
time at which he entered the House, but he knew
that it was before the name of Mr. Levin was
called, because he (Mr. I.) had slopped on his way
down the aisle to ask that gentleman a question,
and he had put him (Mr. I.) aside whilst he an-
swered it. Pie did not exactly know whether he
Was in time or not, but he knew that he was very
nearly in time to answer to his name.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. How many names
intervene between the gentleman a.' d his colleague
[Mr. Levin] '
Several Voices. About twenty.
The SPEAKER said, he knew of no case in
which a gentleman had been allowed to vote where
he did not vote.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I certainly did not vote.
The SPEAKER. The Cleik will now state the
result of the vote.
The Clerk then read—in the affirmative, eighty-
nine; in the negative, ninety.
The SPEAKER said, the House would perceive
by the vote, that as it now stood, it was not in the
power of the Speaker to change the result. He
might make a tie; but upon whatever side he might
vote, the result would still be the same. Under
these circumstances, although he had come to the
House in full preparation to give his vote, and
without having in any degree anticipated the ac-
tion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Fahrelly,] the Speaker did not feel called upon
to vote.
Mr. HILLIARD rose and was understood to
inqune of the Chair, whether the vote of the
Speaker might not change the result by keeping
the question still m the power of the House, under
the rule which regulated motions to reconsider?
Mr. BOTTS rose and asked for the reading of
the twelfth rule of the House, ill order to ascertain
whether, under that rule, it was not obligatory on
the Speaker to vote. *
The Clerk read the rule, as follows:
" fn ail ca>es nl election by the Ilou^tlie Speaker shall
vote ; ia othci he snail" nut vote, unU-^s tut: Utilise b<;
equally divided, ui unless ln  vule, il given lo tlie iiiino.ttj,
will make tne tliM&ton equal; ami m cace ol such equal di-
\imoti, iho question &haSl be lost."
Mr. BOTTS. I now inquire whether, under
that rule, the Speaker is not obliged to vote?
The reply of the Speaker was not heard beyond
the remark, that the precedents were precisely the
reverse.
Mr. RHETTsaid,if hecorrectly understood the
rule, it provided that the Speaker should vote, if lus
vote would change the result.
[Several voices: " His vote will not change the
result."]
Mr. RHETT, (continuing.) He was coming to
that point. The rule required Ihe vote of a ma-
jority to carry a question. If the Speaker voted
in the affirmative, it would make a tie, and the bill
would be lost; so theie wouid be no difference in
the result.
The SPEAKER. In that case, the vote would
be ninety in the affirmative, and ninety m the neg-
ative, arjd the bill would still be lust, it the Speaker
voted against the bill, the vote would then be eigluy-
nine in the affiiiii,tU\e, and ninety-one in ihe nega-
tive; so that, m either event, the bill would still be
lost; In other words, whether the Speaker voted
in the affirmative or in the negative, the result
would still be the same.
Mr. TOOMBS rose and said, that there was an
important point which he would suggest to the con-
sideration of the Chair, for information ay to which
he had been indebted to the Speaker on Saturday
last. The Speaker had then stated, that under the
principles laid down by the Parliamentary law, if
he gave his vote, it should be m such a manner as
to leave it in the power of the House to reconsider
the question, if the House should feel disposed to
do so.
If, therefore, the Speaker should vole in the
affirmative, it would be in the power of either side
of the House to move a reconsideration—precisely
the state of facts that existed on Saturday, when
the Chair seemed to have been prepared to give
the matter that direction. If the Chair should now
vote in the affirmative, gentlemen on either side
could move a reconsideration; but as the matter
now stood, only a gentleman who voted in the neg-
ative could make that motion.
The SPEAKER said it had been decided by
this Congress, by the present Speaker, and with
the assent of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Toombs,] that when a bill was lost, whether by
tie or otherwise, a member voting with the pre-
vailing side could alone move a reconsideration.
That decision of the Speaker had been sustained,
on appeal, by the House. If, therefore, there was
a ue vote, those who voted against the bill could
alone move a reconsideration.
Mi'. SAWYER moved that the vote on the pas-
sage of the bill be reconsidered, and that that mo-
tion be laid on the table.
But Mr. S., almost in the same instant, withdiew
the motion to lay the motion to rcconsider on the
table.
Mr. GXDDINGS rose to a point of order. lie
submitted, whether a motion to reconsider made
to-day—being a day devoted by the rules to public
business—must not necessarily go over until next
private bill day, unless the House should suspend
the rules to consider it.
The SPEAKER. Undoubtedly it would go
over, unless the previous question were moved.
Mr. GlDDIJNiGS. Would it be in order to take
the question on the demand for the pievious ques-
tion, if a motion to reconsider was made? Must
not the question, as a matter of course, go over
until private bill day, except by a suspension of the
rules?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
gentleman is right. The motion to reconsider a
vote on a private bill must go over until private bill
day.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama. Would the call
for the previous question produce any change m
the mind of the Speaker? The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Sawyer] has not yet yielded the floor.
The SPEAKER. It would not produce any
change.
So the subject1 went over until a day set aparl
by the rules for the consideration of private busi-
ness.
BRANCH MINT AT NEW YOIUt.
Mr. NICOLL rose and asked leave of the House
to offer the following resolution, which was read
for information:
Rejoiced, That the bill to cstahii>h a branch mint in the
eitj of New York, he made the special order for Tuesday,
the 16th day of January insunt, and continue; to he eucfr
special order until sani bill is linally disposed of.
Objections were made.
Mr. NICOLL moved that the rules be suspended
to enable him to offer the resolution.
Mr. COLLAMER rose and inquired of the
Speaker whether the resolution was deoatahie? If
so, he wished to debate it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has moved a
suspension of the rules for the puipose of receiving
and considering the resolution at this time.
Mr. NICOLL. I desire to say to the House,
that m moving a suspension of the rules, I am actu-
ated by the conviction, that unless this bill 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. NICOLL demanded the yeas and nays on
his motion; which were ordered.
And the question, Shall the rules be suspended ?
was then taken, and decided in the negative, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Barrow, Bcdingei, Belcher, Bingham,
Blackmar, Bocoek, JBowIuk Boyd, B rod heart,
William G Btowu, AlheitG. Brown, Burt, Buil< r, Canby,
Catlu. art, Chase. Clapp, Franklin Ciaik, Bevetly L. Clarke,
Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cohb. Collins, Conger,
CruwUl, Daniel, Darling, Dickinson, Dixon, Duer, Dunn,
E'lvvaids, Embiee, Faian, Featherston, French, Fries. Gen-
tly. Gotu Green. Gteeluy, Gregory, Gunneil, WiJlarU P.
Hail, Nathan K 'Hall, Ilarals-oti, Hainunsoit, Harris Hen-
ley, JSaac E Holmes F.has B. Holmes, George S. IIon>ton,
Jnce, Jveison. Jame^m, Jenkins, Kaufman, lvello2<r, Thos.
Butler Kins, 'Lnbm, La ^6rc, William T. L.nvtence, tfi'i-
ney Lawrence, Ligon, Lincoln, Loid, Limipkiu, IVk-Clei-
bindj MfCiernand, McDoVell, MtKay, McLaoc, Horace
Mann, Marvin, Meade, Miller, Morris IVKn-e. Mulhn,
Muiphv, Nelson, Newell, Ntcoll, l'ulJrey, pongee, P<>ck,
Peme.'Pettu, Phelps, Pi!sbur> > Putnam. Richardson. Bit Isev,
Robm-on, Rookbill, John A. Rockwell, Iio=e, Rumsty, St.
John, Sawyer. Siienill, Simpson, Smart, Ca;eb li. Brmih,
