188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 8,
Stanton, Starkweather, Charles E. Stuart, Taylor, Thomas,
Jacob Thompson, liichard VV. Thompson, Thur&ton, Tuck,
Turner, Van Dyke, Venahle, Vinton, Wallace, Wairen,
Wentvvorth, White, Wick, Wiley, and Williams—124.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Atkinson, Blanchaid, Botts,
Boydtn, Bradv, Biitige3, Buckuer,Cabell,Cnapman, Ciing-
man, Cocke, Col lamer, Cranston, Crisfield, Ciozier, Dickey,
Donnell, Garneu Duncan, Eck- rt, Nathan Evans, Farrelly,
Ficklin, Fisher, Flournoy,Freedley. Fulton, Gaines, G. ggin,
James G. Hampton, Moses Hampton, Henry, Hill, Milliard,
Hubbard, Hudson, Charles J. Ingersoll, Joseph It. Inger&oll,
Iivin, Andrew Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, George W.
Jones, John W. Jones, Kennon, Daniel P. King, Levin,
Mcllvame, Joh Mann, Maish, Morohead, Ne<, Outlaw,
Peyton, Pollock, Preston, Julius Rockwell, Root, Schenck,
Shepperd, Truman Smith, Stephens, Strohm, Strong, James
Thompson, John B. Thompson, Robeit A. Thompson,
Tompkins, Toombs, Wilson, and Woodward—70.
So (two-thirds not voting in the affirmative) the
rules were not suspended, and the resolution was
not received.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, to resume the
consideration of the bill to provide for the settle-
ment of claims against the United Slates.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, called for
the order of the day.
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend the
rules is in order. If the House should not adopt
it, the Chair will proceed to call the States for
petitions, and afterwards for reports of committees,
and for resolutions fiom the States in their order.
The question being taken, the House refused to
suspend the rules—ayes 62, noes 69.
RECOVERY OF FUGITIVE SLAVES.
Mr. MEADE moved a suspension of the rules
to enable him to offer a resolution, on which he
desired the House now to act.
Mr. COLLAMER objected, and wished the
States to be called for resolutions in their order.
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Collamer.) The
gentleman from Virginia moves a suspension of
the rules.
Mr. COLLAMER. I submit whether the gen-
tleman has the right to take the floor, except upon
the call of his State for resolutions.
The SPEAKER. Any gentleman has a right
to take the floor to move to suspend the rules.
The resolution of Mr. Meade was then read by
the Clerk, as follows:
Whereas it is the duty of the Congress ofthc United States
to enact all laws uecesaary to entoice such provisions of the
Constitution as woio intended to protect the citizens of the
several States in Ihdr rights of property, and past expen
once has proved that laws should be passed by Congress to
enforce thoeeoml section of tilt: fuuiih article of the Con-
stitution, which requires that per^nn^ held to labor in any one
Stale, escaping to another, s-hall he delivered up on claim of
the party to whom such labor may be due. therefore,
Rc>o'ved, Tiiat the Committee «>n the Judiciaiy is hereby
instituted to report a bill to tins House, piovidimr etiectu-
ally for the apprehension and delivery of fugitive* fioin labor
who have oc.iped or may hereafter escape from one State
into another.
Mr. MEADE. 1 call for the yeas and nays on
the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. BRODHEA D desired to suggest to the hon-
orable gentleman from Virginia the propriety of so
modifying his resolution as to provide for an in-
quiry, by the committee, into the expediency of
amending the laws on the subject.
Mr. MEADE replied that he would do so with
very great pleasure, if he thought such an inquiry
necessary. [Criesof " Order, order!"] There were
no laws on the subject at this time, and gentlemen
knew a law was necessary.
Mr. COLLAMER inquired of the Speaker what
rule it was that it was proposed to suspend ? |
The SPEAKER replied, ail the rules of the '
House which present the order of business. !
Mr. COLLAMER. If the rules are suspended, j
will the resolution be open to discussion ? 1
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Meade] wiil have the floor on his own
resolution. He can make a speech or move the
previous question.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, resulted—yeas 79, nays 100—as follows:
YEAS—Me--sr«. Atkinson, Barrow, BeaJe, Bedinger, Bo-
cock, Botts, Bovvhn, Boyd, William G. Brown, Albert G.
Brown, £urkner,Buri, Cabell, Chapman, Beverly L.Clarke,
Clmgman, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cubb, Cocke,
Cnsfteid, Cromer, Daniel, Feather-ton, Flournoy, French,
Fulton, Gaines, Gentry,Giddiugs, Goggin, Green, Greeley,
Willard P. Hall, Haralson, Harmanson, Harris, Hill, Mil-
liard. I-saaf E Holmes, Geoige S. Houston, John W. Hous-
ton, Inge, Chatles J. ingersoll, Iverson, Jameson, Andrew !
Johnson, George W. Jones, John W.Jones, Kaufman, Kel- ;
logg, Levm, Lieon, Lumpkin, McDowell, McKay, McLane. i
Horace Mann, Meade, Morehead, Morse, Outlaw, Palfrey' t
Peyton, Phelps, Pilsbury, Preston, Rhett, Root, Shepperd, |
Simpson, Stanton, Thomas, J icob Thompson, Richard W. j
Thompson. Robert A. Thompson, Tompkins, Toombs, Wal- ; j
lace, and Woodwaid—79. |l
NAYri—Messrs.Abbott, Bingham, Blackmar, Blanchard, ij
Boyden, Brad>,Budges, Biodhead,Butler,Cauby,Caihcart, j!
Clapp, Fiankhu Claik. Collamer, Collins, Conger, Ciau^ton, i [
Dickey, Dickinson, Dixon, Duer, Dunri, Eckert, Edwards, li
Embree, Nathan Evans, Faran, Farrelly, Fickhn, Fisher,
Freedley, Fries, Gott, Gregory, GnnnelJ, Nathan K. Hall,
James G. Hampton, Moses Hampton, Henley, Henry, Elias
B. Holmes, Hubbard, HudseflTHs^Dn, Jenkins, James H.
Johnson, Kennon, Daniel#*. King, Lfcihni, William T. Law
rence, Sidney Lawrence.\LincohiJLord. McClelland, Mc-
, Ilvaine, Job Mann, Marsh, Marvin, Miller, Moms, Mulliri,
! Murphy, Nelson, Ne&. Newell, Nieoli, Pea^lce, Peck, Pcttit,
! Pollock, Putnam, Ricnej-, Robinson, Kockhill, Julius Rock-
well, J. A. Rockwell, Rumsey, St. Jonn, Sawyer, Schenck,
Sherull, Smart, Caleb B. Smith, Truman Smith, Staik-
weather, Charles E. Stuart, Slrohin, Strong, Taylor, James
Thompson, Thurston, Tuck, Turner, Van Dyke, Vinton,
Wairon, VVentvvorth, White, Wiley, and Wilson—100.
So the House refused to suspend the rules.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Notices for leave to introduce bills were given,
as follows .
By Mr. LINCOLN. A bill in relation to school
lands which have been or may be relinquished.
By Mr. DICKINSON: A bill to amend an act
entitled " An act vesting in the commissioners of
the counties of Wood and Sandusky the right to
certain lots in the towns of Perrysburg and Cro-
ganville,in theStateof Ohio,forcounty purposes." :
BOARD TO SETTLE PRIVATE CLAIMS.
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, who was recognized
by the Chair from among many competitors,
moved that the House resolve itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, desired to inquire
whether, if the House resolved itself into Com-
mittee, the special order would not be the bill (rel-
ative to private claims) which was now under the
investigation of the committee, and on which the
House had ordered that debate be terminated at
.half-past one o'clock to-day?
[Cries of " Yes; yes."]
The question having been taken and agreed to—
The House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Burt in
the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
bill to establish a board for the adjudication of
claims against the United States.
Mr. PETTIT was entitled to the floor. He
rose and explained that the object which he had
in view in moving that the committee rise, on
Saturday last, was, that the House might order
the amendments, and, amongst others, an amend-
ment which he himself had pioposed as a substi-
tute for the bill to be printed. These amend-
ments had not yet been sent back to the House,
and he could not well discuss the subject in their
absence. It was his intention to vote against the
bill in the form in which it stood at present; and
he gave notice, that when the committee rose, he
should move to refer the bill and the proposed
amendments to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan, said he understood
the gentleman to move that the committee rise.
The CHAIRMAN said he had not so under-
stood the motion.
Mr. STUART inquired whether, if the commit-
tee were to rise, it wouid be in oider to move to
reconsider the vote by which the House had adopt-
ed a resolution terminating the debate?
Several moments elapsed in the effort of the
Chairman to bring the committee to order.
^ Mr. PETTIT moved that the committee rise,
giving notice that it was his intention, in the
House, to move that the bill and pending amend-
ments be referred to the Committee on the Judi- j
ciary. ;
Tellers were asked and ordered on the motion; I
and Messrs. Harris anu Fulton were appointed, j
Mr. COLLAMER inquired what the precise j
character of the motion was? j
Mr. PETTIT explained it, as given above. '
Mr. GOGGIN made a'remark, which could H
scarcely be heard amidst the confusion, but was ■
understood to be the expression of a hope that the F
committee would not rise, but would proceed to i
the consideration of the post office bill. |
The question on the motion of Mr. Pettit was ■
then taken, and decided in the affirmative: Ayes F
71, noes 64. jj
So the committee rose and reported progress. !■
Mr. PETTIT said that a resolution had been ''
adopted on Saturday last providing that all debate
on the bill to provide for the settlement of private
claims against the United States should terminate
in committee at half past one this day. On the
same day an order had been made for the reprint-
ing of the bill, and the printing of various proposed
amendments. The said printing had not been
done. Neither the bill nor the amendments were
before the House. It must be apparent that the
committee or the House could not proceed with*
out them.
He moved, therefore, fo reconsider the vote by
which the resolution closing all debate this day
had been adopted; or if gentlemen preferred, he
would move that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the bill, and that, with all
pending proposed amendments, it be referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The SPEAKER. The motion can only be
made by unanimous consent, or by a suspension
of the rules.
Mr. PETTIT. By unanimous conscnt?
The SPEAKER. Or a suspension of the rules.
Mr. PETTIT. Then I move that the rules be
suspended for the purpose of enabling me to submit
the motion.
The SPEAKER put the question, and announced
that two-thirds seemed not to have voted m the
affirmative.
Mr. PETTIT asked for tellers, who were or-
dered, (Messrs. Pettit and Fulton acting in that
capacity.)
And the question was taken, and the vote stood
—ayes 105, noes 48.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, asked the
yeas and nays, which were refused.
So two-thirds having voted in the affirmative,
the rules were suspended.
Mr. PETTIT now moved that the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the bill
to provide for the settlement of private claims
against the United States, and that the said bill and
proposed amendments be referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
And on that motion he asked the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, asked the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Pettit] to allow
him to say a word.
Mr. PETTIT adhered to his motion.
Mr. DUER rose to a point of order. He de-
sired to be informed whether the bill, if referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, would retain
its place as a special order.
The SPEAKER said it would not.
Mr. DUER inquired whether the gentleman
from Indiana could not, as a part of his motion,
incorporate a motion by which the bill could re-
tain its place as a special order?
The SPEAKER replied in the negative.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, made a re-
mark, or suggestion, as to the bill being again
made the special order.
Mr. DUER suggested to the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Pjettjt] to embrace in his motion
that all such amendments as might, within a day
or two, be handed to the Clerk, should also be
printed.
Mr. VINTON inquired of the Speaker if the
motion before the House was not divisible? He
was glad to get the bill into the House, and he
would be glad to vote upon it.
The SPEAKER said the question was divisible.
! Mr. VINTON asked a division; which was
i ordered.
The question was then taken on the demand for
! the previous question; and there was a second.
I And the main question was ordered to be now
; taken.
i And the main question, being first on dischar-
| ging the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union from the further consideration of the said
bill, was taken and decided in the affirmative.
So the committee was discharged.
And the question on the second branch of the
main question, to wit: on referring the bill and
amendments to the Committee on the Judiciary,
was then taken, and decided in the affirmative.
So the bill and amendments were referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
TWELFTH ART. OF TJILATY WITH MEXICO.
Mr. VINTON moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
