1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
191
The proposed amendment?! which have been laid
on the table of the Senate, and printed by its order,
and which accompany the bill referred to the com-
mittee, provide for the election of delegates to a
convention to form a constitution for the State of
California, prescribe the number of those delegates,
and authorize the judges, "attorneys, and marshals
provided "for by the bill, to lay off the Territory
into election districts; to apportion the delegates; to
prescribe the time and place of holding the elec-
tions; to designate the persons who shall conduct
the same; and to prescribe the time and place for
assembling of the convention. The last amend- j
ment proposed declares who shall be entitled to f,
vote for delegates to the convention. > j;
The actual condition of the Teiritory of Cahfor- jj
ma, as stated in a letter from the Department of j;
State, recently laid before Congress, is this: The ji
military government established in that Territory jj
ceased by the conclusion of the treaty of peace to ,;
derive its authonty from that source of power. !i
But the Secretary thinks that the termination of jj
the war left a government Oe facto in full operation, i
which will continue, with the presumed consent jj
of the people, until Congress shall provide for them j;
a territorial government. The great law of ne- '[
cessity, he says, justifies tins conclusion; and the 'j
consent of the people is inferred from the fact, that !i
the only alternative would be a state of anarchy, :j
beyond the protection of ail laws. The substance
and import of the letter are given, not its language.
The political condition of New Mexico is tne l\
same. According to this view, there is then no [j
legitimate government existing in these lerrito- jt
ries. Mexican rule over them was superseded by j|
the military government established during the jj
war, and m every event, by their transfer to the jj
United States by the treaty of peace, on the occur- jj
rence of which that temporary government ceased . j
also to have a legal existence. A government dc ij
facto,resting on the presumed assent of the people, jj
is all, therefore, that protects them from anarchy.
In view of this state of things, the President, in j.
his annual message at the commencement j)f the ;
present session, declares it to be the duty of Con- .j
gress to provide, with the least possible delay, for jj
New Mexico and California regularly organized ^
territorial governments. Adhering to the usages
of our predecessors, in relation to territoiies which ;1
have been acquired by the United States by trea- h
ties with foreign nations, the President recom- I;
mends the establishment of terutoriul governments. , j
The bill which has been referred to the committee,
departing from this settled and uniform policy, -
proposes to create a State to unite the Icuitories
of JNew iMexico and California, very huge in ex-
tent, sparsely populated, and inhabited by a people ,;
the greater portion of whom are strangers to our \
Constitution and laws, and, in the judgment of j
the committee, unfitted, in their present condition, j;
to be incorporated into this Union on^terms of po- jj
litical equality with the people of the United States, j j
Such, it will be recollected, was the view taken j'
by the Senate when tiie treaty with Mexico was j,
under consideration. The ninth article of that !|
treaty was in consequence amended, so as to give ;i
notice to the Mexican Government, and to those j;
Mexicans who chose to transfer their allegiance to
the United States, of the terms on which they would jj
be incorporated into the Onion, and be admitted to o
all the rights of citizens of the United States; that
this would be done, not mstantiy, as is proposed
by this hill, but " at the proper time, to be judged
of by the Congress of the United States;" that is
to say, when, by a course of temtoiiai pupilage,
they had become acquainted with our Constitution ;
aisd laws, conversant with the operations or the
Government, and had acquired, in some degree,
that similarity of character which can alone lit men
for the intimate political association which exists
between the several States of this Union. With-
out doubt the power thus reserved to Congress, by :
the amendment which has been spotcen ol, would (
have existed without this express reservation, un- :
less the contrary had been stipulated in the treaty; ;
but u was fit, in treating with strangers to our pe- i
cuhar institutions, to advise them of the existence
of the power, and of the uetei munition of Congress ■
to exercise it; and it is as an expression of the !
views of the Senate evincive of that deteiruination, 1
that it is now referred to. :
But, independently of these considerations, which ;
they think would render it inexpedient to pass this j
bill, there is, in the opinion of the committee, a :
question of power which deserves the attention of
the Senate.
The third section of the fourth article of the
Constitution provides that "new States may be
admitted by the Congress into this Union;" and
the last paragraph of the same section declares
that " the Congress shall have power to dispose
of, and make all needful rules and regulations re-
specting, the territory or other property belonging
to the United States."
Under this last clause, or under the power to
govern, which is necessarily implied m the right
to acquire territory, Congress has passed laws to
organize the various territonal governments which
have from time to time existed within the limits
of the United States, while under the first they
have admitted the people of those territories into
the Union, when, in process of time, they have
become States duly organized as such. The States
so admitted have been either—
1. Such as formed a part of some one of the
States of this Union, arid were separated from it
by the consent of such State; or
2. Such as weie formed out of territories ceded
to the United States by one of the States, or by a
foreign Government.
Those of the first class were promptly admitted
into the Union as States, having previously organ-
ized governments composed of a people familiar
with our institutions, and sufficiently numerous to
entitle them to this privilege. Vermont and Ken-
tucky are examples of this class. The States which
have been formed out of territories ceded to the
United States by some one of the States, have been
uniformly subjected, in the first instance, to terri-
torial governments, and have been subsequently ad-
mitted as States, when they had attained theiequi-
sitenumbers,and on the exhibition toCongressofa
constitution establishing a republican form of gov-
ernment, which, by the fourth section of the fourth
article of the Constitution, the United States were
bound to guarantee to every State. Tennessee and
Ohio are the earliest examples of this class.
The same course of proceeding has been adopted
in relation to territories acquired by cession from
foteign Powers. They have first been organized
as Territories,and subsequently admitted as States.
Louisiana and KI01 lda are instances of this. In no
case has the power conferred by the Constitution
to admit new States, been exercised in behalf of
an unorganized body of people having 110 constitu-
tion, or laws, or legitimate bond of union, by the cre-
ation by Conn >rss of a Suae, and its instant admission
' into the Union as one of the sovereign States of the
Confedeiacy. Independently of the inexpediency
■ of such a course, in the opinion of the committee,
; Congress has no power to adopt it.
. The power conferred by the Constitution on
i CongieHS is to admit new States, not to crcatc them.
| According to the theoiy of our Government, the
j creation of a State is an act of popular sovereignty, ;
| not of ordinary legislation. It is by the will of the ;
: people of whom the State is composed, assembled ;
, in convention, that it is created. Congress may ,
i provide for the assembling of a convention, but it
i is the will of the people, expressed in that conven- ,
; tion, which alone creates the State; and, until that .
' is done, the power conferred by the Constitution
I on Congress "to admit new Slatts*'' into the Union
j is not called into exercise. Theie is nothing upon ;
j which it can operate. In the opinion of the com
inittee, then, tins hill ought not to pass, bf cause it
proposes the exercise by Congress of a power not
vested by the Constitution in the National Legis-
' lature, namely, the creation (f a new State.
But there are other, and, as the committee think,
valid objection's to this bill. It ptopo&es to unite
.all the'Territories acquired by the tieatywah
: Mexico, and with it to constitute one Stare This
teiritory, extending over- degrees 01 latitude
ai)d   degrees of longitude, ;s obviously too
' large for one of the States of thi& Union, and that
j such was the \ iew of the framer of this hill is man-
■ ifcst from the proviso by which " Congress re
i ' semes to itself the right, at .any time it may choose
I ' to exercise the same, of forming ^and admitting
; ' new.States out of any portion of said tcintoty
' which lies east of the summit of the range known
: ' as the Sierra Nevada, or California Mountains. ''
i In the opinion of the committee, tins proviso
would be simply void, if the purview of the bill
i would have any validity; and jf it would not, the
; proviso would have nothing 011 which to operate.
1 By the enacting clause it is provided that these
Territories shall be one State, and the same is
thereby declared to he "one of the United States
of America, on an equal footing with the original
States in all respects whatsoever, by the name and
title of the State of California." If this enactment
were valid, the effect would be, that immediately
on the passage of this bill, these united Territories
would become one of the sovereign States of this
Union, on an equal footing with the original States
in all respects whatsoever. Now, it is the privi-
lege of each of the sovereign States of this Union
not to be dissevered without its consent; for the
same section of the Constitution on which this bill
is founded, provides that "no new State shall be
formed or erected within the jurisdiction of any
other State" without the consent of the Legisla-
ture of such State. If, therefore, under the enact-
ment of this bill, these Territories were admitted
as one of the sovereign States of the Union, the
integrity of this new State in its whole extent
would be guarantied by the Constitution; and so
long as that instrument is held sacred, it might
safely defy the utmost power of the Government,
or of its co-States, to circumscribe the limits of
its jurisdiction. Again: This hill having cre-
ated a new State, which is to spring into existence
at the moment of its enactment, clothed with all
the poweis and invested wi'h all the rights which
belong to the original States, on an equal footing
m all respects whatever with cach of the ^ovoeign
States of this Union, such State is thereafter en-
titled to regulate its own internal concernsaccording
to its own discretion, and unembarrassed by the
interference of Congress. The power which Con-
gress may thereafter exercise within this new but
sovereign State is precisely such as it exercises
within any other State of the Union. To the State
itseif belongs exclusively the establishment of its
own municipal and domestic regulations. If the
people who compose it desire to originate a consti-
tution, or to provide a new one, the manner in
which this shall be accomplished, the State alone
must prescribe. It alone can determine upon the
assembling of a convention, the number of dele-
gates of which it shall be composed, the qualifica-
tions of voters, and the time and place at which the
convention shall assemble. If this is not so, the
new State is not sovereign—it is not on a footing
in this respect with the other States of the Union;
' for no one will doubt that such an exercise of
power by Congress within any of those States
| would be absolutely nugatory. If this bill, there-
I fore, were effective to create, as it proposes to do,
■ a new and sovereign State, it seems to the com-
, rnittee that all the provisions which relate to the
I convention, the number of the delegates, the mode
I of their selection, the qualification of the voters, and
I the time and place at which it shall assemble, are
; beyond the jurisdiction of Congress, and exclu-
j sively within that of the State.
1 If it be said that Congi ess has heretofore exercised
1 similar powers on the admission of States into the
; Union, the answer is, that they have only been
! exercised over the territories of the United Slates
' preparatory to their admission ac States, and were
, to be and were carried into effect before such ad-
i mission. And if, again, it be said that the people
, of this new State, being without a constitution of
government, will be unable .to provide the means
by which a convention n]*y be assembled and a
constitution may be formed,'it'seems obvious to
' reply that this difficulty, if it be insurmountable,
only serves more distinctly to pro\e the incongru-
ity of a'l act of legislation v. hich proposes to ci eate
■ a sovereign State, whose sovereignty necessarily
1 excludes all foreign intei us ence in its internal
concerns,, and which has at the same time no agen-
cies of its own by which its sovereign powers may
becxer'iscd.
Th" committee have deemed it their duty to
1 submit to the Senate one further suggestion in re-
' la tion to the bill which has been referred to t! em.
, H pioposes to admit as a State the whole territory
, acquired by the United States from Mexico, in-
cluuing thus m its whole extent the Territoi y of
A'ew Mexico. It is known that the State of Texas
claims the Kto Grande as its western boundary,
■ which claim embraces a considerable portion of
that Territory. The cffect of the proposed bill
.1 would therefore necessarily be to lay the founda-
tion of a litigation between the new State and the
State of Texas, to be determined by the Supreme
Court, with the delay incident to such an investi-
gation. So long as u retains Us Territorial form
