THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
30th Congress, 2d Session.
the act relating to her admission, it states, that
whereas the people of Illinois, assembled in con-
vention at Kaskaskia, have formed a constitution,
and have made application for admission into the
.Union, m conformity with the principles laid down
in the compact of the ordinance of 3787, therefore
Illinois shall be admitted, &c. Bat the necessity
of the presentation of these constitutions arose
under the ordinance of 1787, and not under the
Constitution. In these cases there was a depart-
ure from the customary rule. We come, next, to
the admission of the State of Maine; and in the
act relating t) it we find it stated, that, whereas
the Commonwealth of Massachusetts passed an
act authorizing the District of Maine to form a
constitution and seek admission into the Union,
therefore, be it enacted, that the State of Maine is
one of the States of this Union. In this case the
right to form a State constitution proceeded from
the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, and not
from any provision in the Constitution of the
United States. It does not appear, either, that
Maine ever presented her constitution here for
examination.
Mr. BUTLER. There is no such principle
contended for in the report, in relation to the ad-
mission of States, that the Senator from Illinois
has. been combating.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am very happy to be as-
sured that there isjnothingof the kind m the report.
I trust, then, that this principle will not be con-
tended for as an objection to the passage of a bill
admitting California into the Union. If this prin-
ciple is not contended for, there can be no objec-
tion—after obviating the other minor objections
pressed—to the admission of California into the
Union at this session. I have been arguing all
along in reference to the principle which I under-
stood to be advanced in the report—that the pre-
cedents of admission of new Sates were against the
admission of California without a constitution. I
wished to show that the precedents had been uni-
formly'the other way, unless theie was something
requiring such departure from established rule be-
sides the Constitution. What is that something?
I have shown that the ordinance*of '87—the arti-
cles of compact therein contained—furnished the
reason for departure from the uniform rule. I have
shown also that after Congress got into that habit,
that it did not adhere to it in the case of Maine,
but went back to the old course of proceeding.
When we come to the admission of Louisiana we
find a departure from the old rule, but that depart-
ure was occasioned by certain stipulations in the
treaty under which Louisiana was acquired. From
the examination which I have given to the legisla-
tion of Congress with reference to new States, I
have deduced the precedents in favor of the prin-
ciple*! have established. I have come to the con-
clusion that there can be no objection to the ad-
mission of California at this session as a State.
This principle was embraced in the bill I prepared.
1 waive the details of the bill; I care for nothing
if this great principle be carried out and accom-
plished. I wish, sir, to put an end to the eternal
agitation of this question upon this floor. I desire
forthwith to give a government to the people of
California that will yield them protection in their
lives and in their property; I despair of being able
to do it at this session by a territorial bill. We
all know the difficulties that exist against a terri-
torial bill; and if there is no constitutional objec-
tion in the way, I think there are ample and ade-
quate reasons for the admission of Cahforniaat this
session as a State.
Again, there is a government de facto in Califor-
nia now. I admit that it is not a good government,
and for that reason it ought to have a better one. I
admit that it is not a republican government, and
in fact not a legal one; and that is the reason why
there ought to be a legal government there. Cali-
fornia can be admitted as a State upon the princi-
ple recognized in the admission of Vermont, Ken-
tucky, and Tennessee, without violating any of the
principles of the Constitution, without violence to
any practice or act of this Government. It ought
to be done now, sir, and not postponed; for the
13
THURSDAY, JANUARY 11, 1849.
reason that there are people enough there to create
a State Government, and for the reason that, before
another session of this Congress expires, there
will be more than enough for three States. At
that period the idea of a Territorial government
will be obsolete. The question, then, is this, Shall
we form a State government now, giving law and
protection to the people of California? or shall we
postpone action, wait a period of two years, and
then do the same thing? Sir, I trust that if Con-
gress does not act at this session the people will
act for themselves. I trust they will come together
and form a government for themselves. 1 trust
that they will not for Javo years longer consent to
live under a form of military government, I trust,
sir, tha*t Colt's pistols will not continue to be the
|| common law of that land.
|| I think, sir, that the only issue now presented
j i is, whether you will admit California as a State, or
Jj whether you wifl leave it, without government,
ii exposed to all the horrors of anarchy and violence?
|! I have no hope of a Territorial government this
1! session. No man is more willing to adopt such
a form of government than I-would be; no man
would work with more energy or assiduity to
accomplish that object at this session than I would.
But, as I have said before, i regard the passage
of a Territorial bill at this session as almost an im-
possibility. I do trust, therefore, thaPthe Senate
will consent to pass a State bill at this session of
Congress. And it was, sir, in consequence of en-
tertaining this view that I have endeavored to pre-
sent the constitutionality of such a bill, and to
advocate its passage. I should have postponed
saying anything at the present time, but for the
proposition that was presented for printing an
extia number of copies of the report to be sent
forth to the country—a proposition which I con-
ceive does great injustice to my opinions as framer
of the bill, unless the arguments advanced in its
favor were connected in someway with the report.
Mr. DOWNS. Mr. President, before I proceed
with the few remarks which I intend to make, I
would tequest the gentleman who reported the
resolutions to make a slight modification of one of
them. I understood that the first resolution, as
well as the other, was to be repotted as from a ma-
jority of the committee; but I find, on hearing it
read, that a change has been made, so as to report
the first resolution from the whole committee, and
the other as from a majority of the committee.
Mr. BERRIEN. I do not think that the under-
standing of the committee, in reference to the first
resolution,-was, that it should be reported as from
the majority of the committee.
Mr. DOWNS. I so understood it.
Mr. BERRIEN. The agreement to which the
Senator refers was confined to the last resolution.
Mr. DOWNS. 1 certainly understood that the |
agreement embraced the first resolution as well as
the other, and I hope that it may be so altered as j
to express that fact.
Mr. BERRIEN. So far as I am personally con-
cerned, I am willing that the alteration should be
made.
Mr. DOWNS. I desire that this change may be
made, in order that the countcr report, winch { in-
tend to make, may be relieved from the charge of
inconsistency; for, as the first resolution now stands,
it appears that the whole committee were in favor
of rejecting the bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I would inquire of the Senator
from Louisiana, if the report should not also appear
as the report of a majority of the committee?
Mr. DOWNS. I undeistood that it was to be
so stated.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then I understand that the
Senator does not concur in the report.
Mr. DOWNS. I desired that the resolutions
should be reported as from a majority of the com-
mittee, but I was not anxious that it should be so
stated concerning the report, as I did not consider
it a matter of so much consequence. But, as the
resolutions now stand, it will appear that the first
was reported by the whole committee, which is
not the fact according to my understanding of the
case. Hence I desire that the report may be so
New Series No. 13.
,, altered as to state that the first resolution was re-
|! ported by a majority of the committee.
|i Mr. BUTLER. As chairman of the committee
j; that reported the bill, I ^ish to say one word in
jl explanation of this matter. One member of the
committee thought it was not necessary to report
;; any resolutions, inasmuch as the committee hail
]rdischarged all the duties devolving upon it by re-
,i porting against the bill. There was great unanim-
j: ity of thought and action among the majority of
j! the members of the committee., I believe that the
j| Senator from Louisiana differed from the majority
upon some propositions, the purport of which I do
I] not remember.
| As regards the first resolution, I agree with the
i! Senator from Georgia that it was understood that
it was to be reported as. from the whole committee.
The last resolution was to be'repoited, I believe,
as from a majority of the committee However,
I have no objection that the first resolution should
j appear as reported by a majority of the committee,
j Mr. DOWNS. This is not a very material point,
' j except that it will prevent the appearance of incon-
i; sistency m my counter report.
I I dilfer from the majority of the committee in
ii relation to the first resolution, as well as the other;
j; and I differ from them in relation to several of the
;j minor suggestions contained in the report.
■; Mr. BUTLER. I think this debate is not in
;; order. If these explanations are continued, I shall
| feel myself called upon, and so, I think, will my
l friend from Georgia, to come forward and vindicate
j the report. If the debate goes on in this way, I
! shall have to beg the indulgence of the Senate
| while I enter into a full explanation of the action
j of the committee.
I Mr. DOWNS. I will state that the report was
! brought into the committee room this morning at
1 eleven o'clock, and that I never saw it before that
' time.
! .1 have entertained a different opinion from the
; majority of the committee upon one of material
] points of the report. 1 thought that upon that
; point the report was erroneous, but I did not ask
j the committee to defer its presentation till I could
i make out a counter report. I knew 'that the Sen-
i ate was anxious to hear the report of the commit-
tee, and therefore offered no objection to its being
[i made at once.
1 I rise now to state that T differ from the report,
especially in one point; that I differ from the res-
i olutions; and that, as soon as time will permit, I
i shall draw up a counter report, exposing what I
I consider the errors in some of the arguments of the
; report presented. I think that on so important a
matter as this, where it is proposed that an extra
j number of copies of the report shall be printed and
| disseminated throughout the country—for all ad-
; mit the immense importance of the qaes'ion in-
| volved—it is necessary that the position of every
j member should be clearly defined and perfectly
understood.
1 Mr. FOOTE. There avc many Senators who
are anxious to hear this question discussed in all
5 its bearings, and i would suggest to the Senatoi*
from Louisiana that it would be better to defer
i further debate till he shall present his counter re-
; port, when both sides of the question can be fairly
' presented.
Mr. DOWNS. If gentlemen will allow me to
proceed, they will find that I want to do precisely
! what they desire. I do not intend to argue the
question now. I did* not come here prepared to
, argue it at this time; but I think that, in justice to
j myself, I should state sortie of the points upon
i which I rest my opinion. I think that upon so
. important a matter it is right—occupying the po-
sition which I do on the committee, being in a
:i minority of one—that my position, and the con-
: siderations which induced me to take that position,
! should be known. I will therefore merely state
the points of difference between the majority of the
' committee and myself, and this will occupy but a
; few minutes.
I My objection to the first resolution ie, that
j although I could not accord with all the details of
i the bill presented—nor would I have asked the
