1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
What were the facts of the case? That while
the facilities of travel had been greatly increased
within the last twenty-five years upon most of the
great routes of the country, while the'time and the
labor of travel had been reduced in the same pro-
portion, the people of the country were charged
much more for the expenses of members of Con-
gress coming to the seat of Government. When
this compensation of eight dollars for every twenty
miles travel had been fixed years ago, the difficul-
ties of traveling were very great, the toil and labor
of coming to the Capitol were severe, and attended
with great expense; but while the facilities had
increased many fold, the charge had increased
proportionately.
Mr. WENT WORTH interposed, desiring (he
remarked) to say just one word-, and (the floor
being yielded) said that the gentleman from New
Hampshire had spoken about the unmistakable
voice of the people in favor of the reduction of
mileage. Now he (Mr. W.) had heard nothing
from the people on this subject, but he could refer
to the action of their representatives; and he
wished to call attention to what had taken place
a few days since, when this House,- by a very
large majority, had repealed a measure of reform
m relation to mileage, (viz; that of messengers
bringing the electoral votes,) and had put the
matter back where it used to be. That was evi-
dence the very reverse of what the gentleman had
stated.
Mr. TUCK'(resuming) said he did not consider
the expressions which often came from this House
as the best evidence, in many cases, of public
. opinion; and he would instance the excitement
which had taken place in this House some days
since, at the introduction of an article written by
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Greeley,]
as"a notable example wherein the Representatives
had exptessed sentiments which were not con-
curred in to any extent by the people. He him-
self had not seen a single newspaper of the country
which did not approve of the course which the
gentleman from New York had taken; and he be-
lieved there wa^l no instance where the editor of a
paper had spoken out the genuine sentiments of
the people, and made any expression of disappro-
bation in regard to the effort Of the gentleman from
New York to limit this unjustifiable taxation of
mileage; for, no matter whether t-he taxation was
made by a committee of this House or by the in-
dividual members themselves, it was, 111 his (Mr.
T.'s) opinion, an unjustifiable construction of the
law, to change the mode of computing the mileage
from the old direct routes, asut was formerly com-
puted, and tax travel upon the new, indirect, and
circuitous routes. Now, .while they were here,
from time to time, making large draughts upon the
treasury for books and publications, at the ex-
pense of the Government, to be distributed among
their constituents, or to be taken to their homes,
for the use of themselves and neighbors, he
thought, when the people had directed their atten-
tion to a system of this sort, by which over
$40,000 had been annually taken from the treasury,
the representatives of the people should pay proper
attention to the voice of those who sent them here.
He was heartily in favor of adopting a proposi-
tion which should confine the mileage to the nearest
mail route between the seat of Government and the
residence of each member. Some gentlemen now
came here by routes as short as the nearest mail
routes between their lesidences and this city, and
received pay on those loutes. With them, there-
foie, the amendment would make but little differ-
ence. But there were others who traveled two or
three days on one of these circuitous routes, and
who took from the tieasury hundreds of dollars
for piich day's ride. Was this right? If this
amount was to be taken from the public treasury,
let them have the manliness to come boldly up and
take the spoils, without any equivocation, or any
aid from an equivocal law. He did not, in these
remarks, intend any imputation upon any member
of Congress.
Mr. SAWYER (the floor having been yielded
for explanation) said, us the gentleman v^as ob-
jecting to the amounts of mileage paid to members
of Congress, he would like to know whether he
[Mr. T.] approved of the publication made in the
New York Tribune, and considered it correct? If
he did, he would inform the gentleman that he
[Mr. T.] himself was charged with having charged
a pretty considerable sum too much; and belore
201
the gentleman set himself up to rebuke others for
these extra charges, he would suggest'that it would
be well to clear himself of the charge against him.
tMr. TUCK replied that he did not take it upon
himself to rebuke any gentleman in this House;
but least of all would che rebuke any member
who, acting in the capacity of a member, or of a
newspaper editor, had published to the country
the amount of money which each member of Con-
gress took from the treasury. He would ask the
gentleman from Ohio if he was willing to receive
ii-om the treasury any sum of money for any pur-
pose whatever, and then condemn a member for
making it known?
Mr. SAWY ER replied that he condemned false
publications, certainly. The article was false in
every particular; tfieie were more thama hundred
false statements in it, as he held himself ready to
prove on the floor of this House.
Mr. TUCK said it was the first time he had
heard it chaiged that the article contained false-
hoods. The gentleman from New York, like any
other gentleman, might have made a mistake; al-
though he (Mr. T.) was not called upon to speak
lor any other member, he believed if there were
any mistakes m the article, the gentleman who
wrote it would be most anxious to correct them.
Mr. SAWYER would ask the gentleman from
New Hampshne, then, if ins own account as set
forth in that article was correct ? and if it was cor-
rect, how it was that it made him overcharge his
mileage, and receive the amount overcharged ?
Mr. TUCK (resuming) said the gentleman made
inquiries in relation to how much he (Mr. T.) was
represented as having overcharged. Now, he
could not tell the gentleman positively, but if his
"memory served him aright,it was twelve or thirteen
dollars, and he was willing either to remit it to
the treasury, or to make any other disposition of
it which the honorable gentleman from Ohio should
see fit to suggest, provided that the gentleman
would foliow tile example in relation to the amount
of excess which he was stated to have leceived.
For himself, he made no complaint of the pub-
lication, though it charged him with having re-
ceived twelve or thirteen dollars more than his
mileage would have been, if computed upon the
shortest mail route. He could not, the House
could not, complain, of any man for making pub-
lic the exact amounts winch they individually
received from the tieasury, and for stating to the
country the apology they had for so doing. He
did not understand the gentleman from JN'ew York
as charging any member on the floor of this House
with the willful design of pillaging the United
States treasury; but he only asked Congress to
correct the law as it now stands. And he repeated,
he believed, among the rank and tile of the great
body of the people, there was but one opinion on
this subject, there was but one voice spoken to 1
Congress m regard to this subject, and that was, '
demanding a judicious and economical manage-
ment of the people's money, and a correction of
the existing law on mileage. He hoped that call
would not he disregarded. He hoped, if it was
necessary that any more indignant expressions
should come from the people, that they would
speak- with a voice which members of Congress
could not misunderstand, and which they could ]j
not disregard. They called upon Congress to ;
legislate so as to do away with the abuses which i!
existed lclative to the mileage of members, and !
also to do away with the hanking privilege; and
iie trusted there would be iound a suiiicient num-
ber of gentlemen upon this iloor, and upon the |i
lloor of the Senate, to respond to that voice of the .
people, and meet the just demands of their con- :
stuuents. j
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, asked that the |
pending amendments be read; which were read |
accordingly. j
Thus Jar (he was understood to say) he had I
said nothing with regard to this quesuon of mile- '
age, because, although he was one uf those whom (
the editur of the Tribune had seen fit to arraign
before the country as having pilfered the treasury
by charging too much mileage, it was a matter ;
auout winch he felt very little solicitude. So far :
ss hit, experience had gone among the people, (and !
he had necessanly tiaveled a good deal among ,
them in coming here and m returning home,) lie !
believed that this excitement among the people j
was confined to a few who were disposed to play !
a little demagoging game in this House. He had i
never heard any intelligent man among the people
say ^anything in regard to the mileage of members
of Congress. Occasionally, it was true, he had
found a small, upstart politician trying to work his
way into Congress ever a man of more merit, en-
tering into some little calculations before the peo-
ple in regard to the amounts of mileage which his
opponent had received; but he had yet to find the
first intelligent honorable gentleman in any part of
these United States—out of Congress, of course, fa
laugh;] he supposed he must say so to be-within
the rule—who complained of this subject. Let
them go to the States, and what did they find?
Several officers receiving more compensation for
their services than members of Congress. To
what did the compensation which a member of
Congress receive, including per diem and mileage,
amount, taking the two yeais- together? Did he
receive three thousand dollars a year? Go to the
southwestern States: the circuit judges, the State
treasurers were paid that amount, and all the State
officers were paid in that proportion. He would
scorn to represent a people who would wish him
to incur the expenses of traveling to Washington
and of a residence here, and pay him Jess than the
State officers of many States received. ■ He had
had the honor of being elected one of the iudo-es
of the circuit court of his State. He was en-
gaged in the duties of his office about twelve weeks
in the year, and received a salary of $3,000, and
he had never believed the salary was too lar°-e.
The people who elected him did not think so. He
had held that station not by the nomination of the
Governor and the approval of the Senate, but by
election of the people, from whom he preferred to
receive any office he might have the honor to hold.
And the people of his State would laugh to scorn
these contemptible efforts to arouse them to excite-
ment because a member of Congress got a few dol-
lars moie than some editor, who edited his paper
from a desk on this floor whileHie was receiving
his $8 per day from the public treasury, happened
to think was right. If gentlemen were so anxious
to correct abuses, let them correct their own first;
let this thing of editing papers by gentlemen who
were paid from the public treasury for public ser-
vice cease; let members who came here attend to
their duties, and let members who dishonored seals
here—perhaps that expression would be out of
order-—let members who occupied seats on the
floor of this House, before they published charges
involving the personal honor of every member of
Congress, at least know that they told the truth.
He cared nothing for the charges m his own case.
He had no expectation that the people whom he
had the honor to represent, if he voted aright upon
great questions of national policy, would call him
to account if he did get a few dollars more than
the editor of the " New York Tribune" thought
he ought to have.
He thought this a matter of exceedingly small
importance, an unnecessary wasting of the public
time. Let them do what they pleased on this
question, he would tell them what ho was willing
to do: abolish this whole doctrine of mileage, and
pay the member of Congress his actual expenses
in coming to and returning from the seat of Gov-
ernment, and his eight dollars per day while in his
seat, and nothing more. If members of Congress
left their places, as was well known to be the prac-
tice of some gentlemen, and went to practice law
in New York, Philadelphia, or Baltimore, or to
attend to their private business anywhere, let their
pay be stopped while they were gone. If mem-
bers who happened to be editors of newspapers
could find no better employment than to edit
fheir papers here, he would stop their pay also.
[Laughter.] . •
The gentleman from New Hampshire. [Mr.
Tuck,] to whom he alluded with no very high de-
gree of pleasure—for it was never a pleasure for
him to make any allusion m that direction—that
gentleman, tender-hearted as he was on this sub-
ject, was found not too tender-heai ttd to vote for
books to be distributed to himself. There was an
abuse much more crying, he (Mr. B.) apprehended,
than any abuse winch might exist in regard to
mileage, an abuse without warrant or sanction of
law. Why, he believed that the editor of the New
York Tribune had also voted these books for him-
self. Well, where was the authority for it? what
law was there to justify it? He understood gen-
tlemen on all sides to admit that their mileage ac-
counts were charged according to law. Although
