mm
ME CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 9,.
the attempt was in the first instance to charge, each
member of Congress with committing peculations
tipon the national treasury, that charge had now
been withdrawn, and it was admitted that these
mileage accounts were made up according to law.
How was it that men who saw great abuses in this
matter of mileage,.could see no abuse" in voting
away thousands and thousands of the people's
money to put books into their own libraries ?
Mr. TUCK roste and requested the gentleman
from Mississippi to allow him the floor for an ex-
planation.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Mississippi yield the flqor?
Mr. BROWN, (addressing the'Chair.) He is
a member, I believe?
Mr. TUCK. It sometimes happens that a mem-
ber takes such a coarse on this floor as to put it
out of his power to insult another member.
In regard to this matter of books (said Mr. T.)
he slated what has been publicly stated by others,
that these boofes had been distributed according to
their votes for public purposes, and that gentlemen
who had voted to receive them had Heretofore
taken them to their residences in order to hold them
in trust for their constituents, and that their action
was justified on that ground. These books con-
tained information which in no other manner
could find its' way to the public mind. And he
would vote at this session for a law providingpublic
depositories for the books for the use of the people
in each congressional district, so that members of
Congress should have no greater interest or privi-
leges in regard to them than ©tlier citizens.
Mr. RICHARDSON asked the gentleman-if
the money which members of Congress received
for mileage was not held m trust for the people of
the Uniled States?
Mr. TUCK replied that the gentleman could
probably answer that question without any assist-
ance from him, (Mr. T.)
Mr. BROWN. 1 did not hear the gentleman.
The CHAIRMAN now directed further pro-
ceedings to be suspended until order was restored
in the committee. After which—
Mr. BROWN continued. He was about, he
said, to proceed with the few additional remarks
which he had proposed to submit to the considera-
tion of the Committee, and which would, by this
time, have be,en concluded, but for the interruption
of the gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Tuck.] He (Mr. B.^ had not distinctly heard the
remark which that gentleman had made, and he
would now request him to repeat it. '
The CHAIRMAN interposed, and expressed
the hope that the gentleman would not indulge in
personalities.
Mr. BROWN was understood to say, that he
was not doing so. He was inquiring whether
anything of that character had been intended by
the gentleman on the other side.
Mr. TUCK said that he had understood the
gentleman to inquire of the Chair whether he
(Mr. T.) was a member of the House; and that,
considering the remark, when made, to have been
intended as a personal indignity, he had made the
remark that it was possible for a gentleman on this
floor to .take such a course as to put it out of the
power of any member to insult him, or words to
, that cffect.
Mr. BROWN. I do not understand you.
[Several Voices: What do you mean? Let
us know what you mean.]
The CHAIRMAN called to order.
Mr. BROWN. I reckon, for the time being,
it had better pass. When I was interrupted, 1
was going on to say that 
Mr. TUCK rose and addressed the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN, (to Mr. Brown.) Does
the gentleman from Mississippi yield the floor?
Mr. BROWN. For explanation, or anything
of that sort, I do. . °
Mr. TUCK. I believe that the remark I made
was this: that it was possible for a member to take
such a course as to put it out of his power to in-
sult another member.
Mr. BROWN, (continuing.) I think, that about
the time I was interrupted, I was speaking of mile-
age, and especially with reference to the charges
which had been made by the N^w York Tribune
I said before that the matter of that charge had
never disturbed me in the slightest degree; and I
should not now refer to it, except as connected
with this subject before the committee, and be-
cause i happen to be on my feet.
Mr. B. proceeded to remark, that by the merest
accident, iie Was looking the other day over the
post office book, and ho learned that the city of
Jackson was thirteen hundred and thirty-three
miles from Washington, and he was thirty-eight
miles beyond that. The editor of the New York
Tribune had set down the distance as between
eight a-nd nine hundred miles. How any member
of this House, or any other man, looking to the
post office book for information, could make sucii
a mistake as this, he (Mr. B.) did not know.
Probably it might be all fair. He would not now
say whether he thought it was so or not. What
he desired to say—and to repeat, in order that
gentlemen'might distinctly understand It—was
this: that he was willing to abolish this whole
system of mileage; he would vote in favor of such
a bill to-day. He never had seen the day when
he would not have voted to abolish it. But he
should vote, foi no such proposition, except there
should be a clause inserted in the same law pro-
hibiting this practice of members of Congress ab-
senting themselves week after week whilst they
were attending to their own private business.
This was a cause of great and just complaint. So
also was the system of members, as the time for
the Presidential election approached, leaving their
seats here, and making peregrinations into New
York, Massachusetts, or distant paits of the west-
ern country, haranguing the people, and getting
their eight dollars a day during their absence. H
was all wrong. He would stop it all by law. If
gentlemen persisted in making such trips, he would
stop their pay. He had never heard these gentle-
men of the press, who professed t  have such con-
sciences, compl.iming of these things, either on
the part of friends or adversaries. It was a matter
of serious abuse; and, whether done by Whigs or
Democrats, the practice should be abolished. If
a member of Congress was sent here to do his
duty, let him remain in his seat and attend to the
public business and vote, unless accident or some
cause beyond his control should call him away 
Mi. (jlDDlNGS. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask a question.
Mr. BROWN. Oh I yes.
Mr. G1DD1NGS. Would the gentleman also
exclude pay for the time,occupied here in making
presidential speeches, of which  
! Mr BROWN. Yes; and especially all those
!i free negro speeches. Whenever the gentleman
I from Onto [Mr. Giddings] gets up to make abo-
! lition speeches, consideung that they cannot sub-
H serve the public interests, nor do the country any
service, I would deduct eight dollars per day.
| The thing is not right. It does not promote the
! public interest. Members aie not sent hete for
such puiposes. They are sent here to legislate
and to promote the substantial interests of the
; country; and if they will waste the public time m
abolition speeches, they ought not to have pay for
! it. My constituents should not be taxed for such
things.
Mr. GIDDINGSdesired to ask another question.
: Mr. BROWN yielded.
| Mr. GlDDlNGsi. 1 desire to ask whether the
| gentleman would also deduct pay for the time
' spent in discussing questions of payment for negio
I men, when southern men bring claims of that |
t character into this House ?
Mr. BROWN. That is a matter of legitimate j
trade, sanctioned by law; and when questions of '
that character are brought in here, it is well enough
I to discuss them.
I But I do not care to detain the committee any j
1 longer, although many thoughts present them- j
! selves to my mind. I think the sooner the matter
! is settled, the better. :
j Mr. ROOT said this subject was an old ac- '
[ quamtance. It seemed necessary that a discussion !
|j upon the reduction of the mileage of members j
j( should be brought up in every Congiess, il' not at
!i every session; and a beautuul subject it was for
I patriotic declamation. He desired'to say some--
. thing upon it himself, though he acknowledged
; his powers were entirely unequal to the subject.
! He had had occasion frequently to vote upon
i questions similar to that now presented, and it. ■
I might be well enough for him to state what he had
I observed with respect to them. The first amend-
ment, in the common practice upon this subject,
had been a proposition to charge mileage accord- 1
ing to the nearest post-route from the member's
residence to the seat of Government; and that
1 amendment generally succeeded. Then would
I come up another amendment, deducting the per
diem for the time during which a member might
; be absent from his place"; and that also would be
i sure to carry. Then this amendment would be
i succeeded by a proposition, that in all cases
| where a gentleman happens not to be present at
| any time when the yeas and nays are taken, he
: shall be deemed as absent from the House, and
! the time deducted accordingly. And then, by the
time all these amendments are agreed to, gentlemen
! generally get sick of the whole subject, and lay it'
I on the table. Or, if the bill happens to pass the
, House, it comes back with amendments from the
Senate, striking out all these provisions; and if the
House adhere^ the result of a committee of confer-
ence would be—as it might be announced by the
i venerable Senator from Missouri, in the other end
of the Capitol—that the House recede from its
j amendments.
[ He believed the mileage system to be wrong;
1 but, at the same time, he did not believe that any
! member of "Congress obtained a larger compensa-
tion (including both per diem and mileage) than he
i ought to have, if he discharged his duty. He be-
lieved the per diem compensation was too small;
while, in some instances, the mileage compensation
might be too large. But the amendment of the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Embree] did not
propose the reform which was needed m the case.
, The proposition-was not fair and equal, under the
I circumstances which existed, and to which he
' would allude particularly, if he could have the
' attention of the committee for a few moments.
The proposition was, that members should be
, allowed mileage, made up according to the distance
by the nearest post-route. He admitted that the
! present rate of mileage was enough in some in-
stances; but he could assure the most strenuous
advocate for retrenchment that it would never
make any man rich. He admitted, that where one
might get on a boat at Brownsville, and float
! down the river to the mouth of the^VIississippi, he
might do very well as to mileage. It was not bad,
| neither, to get on the lakes, and sailing down to
Buffalo, take the cars to Albany, and a boat to
] New York. But when one gets upon the rails
j from New York to Washington—-that, he said,
: was the best part of the business lying in his rout£,
[laughter,] and he always came that way. He
never came over the mountains but once, and the
j tediousness of that route was so fresh in his recol-
; lection, that he declared he would never come that
! way agam, so long as he couid get round any other
1 way. He preferred the lake route, because it was
j the most expeditious and comfortable. There was
i a great deal in this thing of being comfortable.
He did not pretend to know the rule by which the
j Committee on Mileage made up the accounts.
( They never asked him what route he came. He
; supposed they took his statement as to the distance.
Another reason, which might have had some in-
; fluence upon his decision in favor of the lake route,
, arose from his knowledge that two other gentlemen
I fiom his neighborhood had traveled by the lake
| route before him, and were allowed their mileage
] accordingly.
Mr. RICHARDSON interposed here, and stated
that the practice of the Committee on Mileage was
to address a letter upon this matter to each mem-
ber, and to allow for mileage the amount claimed
in the reply. The route traveled was not consid-
eied by the committee. Sueli had been the rule,
he believed, in ail the previous Congresses.
Mr. ROOT had nothing to say with reference
to the manner in which the committee discharged
their duty; but he wanted to come to the amend- -
ment of the gentleman from Indiana. He was
opposed to it. He hoped it would be voted down,
as well as every other amendment which, like that,
might be so much opposed to fairness and justice. .
He had admitted that the amendment might allow
of a mileage compensation sufficient to pay the
expenses of travel; but it was wholly unfair and
unequal to allow eight dollars for every twenty
miles by the nearest post route from the residences
of members from Indiana, Ohio, and Pennsylva-
nia, where they couid not travel more than fifty
miles in twenty-four hours, and make the same
allowance to those Boston and New Voik gentle-
men, who, in order to travel by the nearest post
route, have but to step into the cars at eight o'clock
