204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 10,
at a cost of ninety thousand dollars, and then
come here and higgle about mileage, as had been
done by gentlemen this day. He desired to
call the attention of the House and the country to
this enormous evil, and to invoke a feeling that might
induce its reduction. It was manifestly a great
abuse of the Government, and he went distinctly
for its curtailment. He knew there were other
abuses, but'he would not allow himself to hesitate
because of their number. He would take them
as they came, and the first presenting itself he
would first restrain.
He would now move that the House adjourn;
which was agreed to, and accordingly
The House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, memorials, &.c., were presented
under tire rule, and referred :
By Mr. BUTLER: The petition of citizens of Columbia
county, Pennsylvania, piaying tor an immediate modiliea-
lion ot Uie existing revenue laws*
By Mr. GREELEV: The petition of William V. Barr, and
other citizens ol New York; also, of Ray irion Whitcoiuh ana
other citizens of Illinois, tor a stoppage of the sales of public
lands, and the free allotment ot the tame in limited quantities
to actual settlers. Also, the petition of Charles Osgood
and other citizens of Tioga county, Pennsylvania, aakmg
for a revision of the tariff with a view to the protection ot
home industry. Also, the petition of A. P. "Leighion and
other citizens of New York, asking for cheap and uniform
postage, wtth no (ranking.
BvMr. GAINES: The petition of Peter M.Grant, devisee
and executor of Jacob Phillips deceased, praying the passage
of a law authorizing the Commissioner of Pensions to issue
a land warrant to linn for a quarter section of in lieu
of one heretofore issued to said Jacob Philips deceased.
By Mr, KELLOGG: Resolutions of the American Coloni-
zation Society, relating to an appropriation, &c.
By Mr. CANBY: The petition of Stephen Johnson, piay-
ing compensation for one half section ot land, situated m the
Wyandot reservation of lands in the State of Ohio, which
* halfisection wasnnpioperly sold by the United Stated.
On motion of Mr. DANIEL, Oidered that the petition and
accompan) ing papers of Orison and Laughlin br taken trom
the hies of the Houf-e and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Ro.ids.
By Mr. NICOLL: The petition of J. M. Chichester &XJo.,
John McCafht, and others, of the city of New York, asking
for a reduction of ihe present rates of postage, and for the
abolishment of the franking privilege.
By Mr. DIXON: The petition ol Major Charles Larabee,
for an increase of pension.
Mr. MURPHY: The petition of Philip Itiley,for com-
pensation for the loss of his horse, while employed at the
dry dock now being constructed at New York.
By Mr. HOLMES, ot South Carolina: The memorial of
I^aac S Keith Reeves, tir*t lieutenant of the 1st regiment
United States artillery, adjutant of the Military Academy,
praying to be placed on the same footing as dragoon adju-
tants. Also, the memorial of Thomas Bayard & Company,
praying for a charter for a railroad from the Mississippi river
to California. Also, the memorial of certain citizens of the
United States, praying Congress to distribute public docu-
ments amongst common .-ehools.
By Mr. WILLIAMS: The petition of Arno WNwell, and
23 others, citizens of Hancock county, Maine, for a reduction
of pofta^e.
Bv Mi GRJNNELL : The petition of W. R. Ea*ton, and
other citizens of Nantucket, asking foi a floating light near
Pollock Rip, off Chatham, Massachusetts; of Edmund P.
Lewis, and other citizens of Barnstable; and of Banks
Heardmg, and other citizens of Boston, for the same object.
Also, the petition of George Lovell, and other citizens of
Massachusetts, asking for reduced rates of postage.
By Mi. CMAPM'AN: A communication from the Pret-i-
dent of the Maryland State Agricultural Society, upon the
propriety of an appropriation m aid of the agricultural in-
terest.
Mr DOWNS presented a petition from Francis
Barnes asking compensation as an inspector of
customs at New Orleans; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, presented a pe-
tition from Lucretia 0. Everett, widow ot the late
Alexander Everett, praying for certain allowances
due to her late husband while Commissioner to
China; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, presented a pe-
tition from David Baker, asking the extension of
a patent for an improvement m the saw-mill;
which was referred to the Committee on Patents.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, presented a petition
from Peter A. Carries, a wagoner and forage mas-
ter in ihe army of the United States, asking for a
pension, in consequence of disabilities contracted m
the service;-which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. KING presented a petition from Farley L>.
Thompson, praying to be released from liability
as security for a defaulting postmaster; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
On motion of Mr. DICKINSON, the papers m
the case ofJethro Wood were ordered to be with-
drawn from thejiles of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. BREESE, the papers in the j
case of the legal representatives of John Rice Jones i
were ordered to be taken irom the files of the Senate .
and referred to the Committee on Private Land j
Claims. 1
On motion of Mr. METCALFE, the papers in j
the case of E. Atkins were ordered to be taken j
from the files, for the purpose of being returned to j
the Pension Office. !
IN SENATE.
"Wednesday, January 10, 1849.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a report from the Secretary of the Navy, accom-
panied by a report of the Commissioner of Ten-
sions, containing the names and residence of per-
sons who have applied for xelief under the navy
pension laws.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a petition from H.
W. Barnes and -R. M. Cooloy, praying payment
for certain clothing made for volunteers of the
State of New York; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a petition from cit-
izens of New York, praying a reduction in the
rates of postage and the abolition of the franking
privilege; which was referred 10 the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. UNDERWOOD presented a petition from
G. W. Norton and P. E. Norton, praying to have
certain bor.ds of the State of Texas, given previ-
ous to annexation", paid by the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
If it is the opinion of the Senate that the number
of copies proposed to he procured is. too large—
and 1 will not undertake to say that it is not too
large—I am willing to have the number reduced.
Perhaps a less number would answer all necessary
purposes.
"Mr. BRIGHT, (in his seat.) I would inquire
what the cost of this map will be?
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I was about to remark,
that I put myself to some trouble, before I made
the report, to ascertain from the agent of the map
its price. 'The agent says that the map" in this
form [here the gentleman held up a map of the
size and form of an ordinary traveler's guide to
the view of the Senators] will cost thirty-five cents.
The map itself, without the cover, will cost about
fifteen cents.
I think it probable that many members of the
Senate have x-eceived similar communications in
relation to the modes of conveyance to California
as myself, and that they will want this map to
enable them to furnish the desired information.
Theie is an intense feeling throughoutthe country
in regard to emigration to that region, and a work ,
like this cannot fail to prove of great utility to all
who may design to go thither.
1 will state that the agent for the sale of the map
is anxious to have the Senate act upon this matter
at once, in order that he may know, without delay,
what course he is to take in regard to the publica-
tion of a large number of copies. It has been
intimated by Senators near me—and the intima-
tion is in accordance with my own feelings—that
a less number than is mentioned in the resolution
annexed to the report should be procured by the
Senate for the use of its members. I would there-
fore move to amend that resolution, by substi-
tuting "two thousand" for "five thousand."
Mr. DAYTON. Mr. President, with the per-
mission of the Senator from Alabama, 1 would ask
if this is the map recently published by Mr. Col-
ton, showing the routes, distances, &c., to, Cali-
fornia and IN'ew Mexico ?
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Yes, sir, it is the same
map. Here is a copy of it, [holdirlg up the map.]
Mr. DAYTON. It is a small matter. I placed
one of these maps in the hands of the Committee
on Piinting, with a view to its examination,-and
was informed that it could be published at twenty
cents. I would suggest, therefore, that if it be
purchased at all, it should be purchased at a price
not exceeding twenty cents.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. The map without the
cover can be purchased for eighteen cents, per-
haps for less.
Mr. PEARCE. I should be glad to know from
what authority the map has been compiled, by
whom made, and whether it is only a compilation
from old maps, or derived from original surveys.
I think it is not usual to purchase for distribution
maps not made by officers and others in the-ser-
vice of the Government, or drawn from surveys
made by such persons. Maps compiled from ma-
terials common to every one have been sometimes
purchased for the use of members of the Senate,
but not for distribution. If this is the character of
the map, I shall oppose its purchase.
Mr. JDAYTON. Mr. President, one single
word, in explanation, to the Senator from Mary-
land, in relation to this subject.
As has been stated by the Senator who reported
this bill, almost every Senator has had numberless
applications for information as to the routes, dis-
tances, and courses of travel from this country to
California. Here is a map—not published by the '
Government, nor at the instance of the Govern-
ment, nor founded on any survey made by Gov-
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported, without amendment, House bill
for the relief of John P. Skinner, and the legal
representatives of Isaac Greene.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, reported, without amendment.
House bill for the relief of Elizabeth Clapper, of
Muskingum county, m the State of Ohio.
Mr. FITZPATRICK, from the Committee on
Printing, to "whom was referred the resolution of
the Senate of the 4th instant, inquiring into the
expediency of purchasing, for the use of the Sen-
ate, copies of a map of the British provinces,
Mexico, &c., reported thereon in favor of the
purchase of 5,OUO copies of the same.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I have not examined
the subject under consideration very thoroughly;
but the chaiiman of the Committee on Printing,
[Mr. Cameron,] who is not now in his seat, and
at whose request 1 have presented the repoit, has
given the subject a careful examination, and has
i j expressed himself decidedly 111 favor of purchasing
■j the maps, for the use of the Senate. From the
p slight examination of the subject which I have
!J been enabled to make, I am satisfied that the map
ji would be useful, particularly at this time, to those
1 who desire to go to California, and to all who may
be called upon to give information as to the best
routes and most speedy modes of conveyance
thither.
I have lately received many letters from gentle-
men asking for such information, if m my power j
to give it, as would enable them to select the most 1
j appropriate-and convenient routes to California. !
! This map has been compiled for the purpose of !
j giving this information. A table of distances, to- |
i gether with the prices charged by the various .
modes of conveyance on the different routes, and [ _     _
malty other facts which must prove of essential j emm'ent officers, but compiled and published, I
benefit to persons going to that country, are given i| suppose, by individuals—which shows the courses
in notes appended to it. I do not know that the j; 0f travel, routes, and distances to California. In
remaik will apply to other benators, but, as lor j other words, it is a map which forms a complete
myself, I have been frequently engaged, during the i; answer to all these inquiries, and can be obtained
past week, in examining various maps for the at a cheap rate, and it is proposed to furnish a few
purpose of gathering sufficient infouiiation upon : copies to members of the Senate, to enable them to
this very subject to enable me to give correct an
swers to the communications that have been ad-
dressed to me from different parts of the country
in regard to the best routes to California. 11 seems
to me that this map would be of essential service
to Senators in answering such communications.
This is the view which the chairman of the corn-
answer these inquiries conveniently.
The question on Mr. FiTzpATRtcx's amendment
was taken, and the amendment agreed to.
The question being on the passage of the resolu-
tion—
Mr.-BENTON. Mr. President, what is the
, motion > I would like to have the honorable Sen-
; mittee took of the matter, and wnich he desired ; ator from Alabama explain what the object of the
me to state to the Senate when I should present ,■ resolution is
i; the report. j) Mr. FITZPATRICK. It is a resolution autho-
