1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
205
rising the purchase of two thousand copies of this
map.
Mr. BENTON. "What map?
Mr. FITZPATRICK. It is a map compiled
and published-by Mr. Colton, of New York. 1
have not examined it very attentively, but the
chairman of the Committee on Printing, [Mr.
Cameron,] as I have before -remarked, informed
me that he had examined it minutely, and was
much pleased with it, and was satisfied that it is a
work of great utility, and especially to those who
are about to emigrate to California or New Mex-
ico.
Many Senators are in the daily receipt of letters,
from persons residing in various parts of the coun-
try, asking for information as to the best routes to
those countries, and this map furnishes a complete
answer to all these inquiries. It is proposed,
therefore, to furnish members with a few copies,
which they can forward to persons asking for
such information, and thus answer them, at once,
with accuracy and convenience. This was the
viesv which the chairman of the committee, at
whose request I presented the report, took of the
subject.
Mr. BENTON. "When was the original reso-
lution introduced?
Mr. FITZPATRICK. It was introduced on
the fourth of this month.
Mr. BENTON. By a rule of the Senate, what-
ever takes money out of the contingent fund must
have as many readings as a bill, and in the same
way. This resolution, therefore^ must have three
readings before it can be passed. I would like to
see a copy of this map.
Mr. FITZPATRICK handed the gentleman a
map.
Mr. BENTON, (holding up the map and close-
ly inspecting it.) I have seen so much of these
persons who make maps and books, and come
here to get Congress to buy them, that I have be-
come suspicious of all such things.
With respect to this map, sir, here is a border
made after the #iost approved patterns of the latest
Freach fashions. It is very pretty. I have a little
granddaughter, and if I get one of these maps, I
shall give it to her that she may learn to embroider
borders by. Here arc pictures, too, and colors.
They are gay colors, sir; yellow, red, purple,
blue, and white. And here are how many degiees
of latitude and longitude put into a space which I
can cover with my two hands. All North Ameri-
. ea, sir, is under my two hands. Who can travel
by such a map ! It has all California on it. It has
the empire in North America on it, too, including
Churchill's bay. It has got Mexico on it, sir,
and the Isthmus ofTehuantepec, and LakeChagres.
It has also the Isthmus of Panama on it. Then it
has got South America down pretty low. So, sir,
let a person be going anywhere, it will show him
the way in all directions.
Mr. President, this is a little map of North
America, and it can be of no earthly use to any
member of this body; and if it would be of any
use to persons going to California, they would give
twenty cents for it. Surely, any persons going to
California would willingly give twenty cents for a
map which would show them the best route thither;
but perhaps it would not be safe for the publisher
to sell it on the condition that the purchaser should
pay for it out of the proceeds of the gold mines.
I think, sir, the whole subject should be laid on
the table. This is not only a map of California,
but a map of North America and South America,
too, including the West Indies and Cuba, with the
catch-word of California. It seems that this word
is now a "catch.55 It is the "catch" here,sir, for
the map has " California" emblazoned upon it in
large letters. And it points out the most direct
and best route to the gold region. Yes, the gold
region—that is the "catch." This purports to be
a map showing the routes and distances of the mail
steam-packets to California, and contains also a
plan of the gold region. What does the publisher
of this map know about the gold region? Was he
ever there5 I presume he never was near it. Yet
he can make a "plan" of the gold region good
enough to sell, but I hope he cannot sell it to the
Senate of the United States. I am opposed to
everythingof the kind, and this map is the poorest
thing I have ever seen. 1 hope that the gentleman
who brought the subject up will allow it to be laid
upon the table.
Mr. FITZPATRICIC Mr. President, the hon-
orable Senator from Missouri has certainly amused
the Senate, and I hope he has also enlightened it.
I do not profess to be skilled in matters of this
kind, and it is proper that I should state, as I did
at first, that I have not critically examined this
map myself, but that the honorable chairman of
the Committee on Printing [Mr. Cameron] told me
that he had examined it, and that he was decidedly
in favor of purchasing it for the Senate, as it would
be a very valuable document in enabling Senators
to furnish all the information that might be desired
of them in relation to the gold legions, and the
best mode of going thither. There is a great deal
of anxiety manifested throughout the country to
obtain all possible information in relation to that
region, and there is a constantly increasing tide of
emigration flowing thither which renders informa-
tion, such as that furnished by this map, if not
absolutely necessary, at least of high value.
I trust that 1 shall not be held responsible for
the introduction of a report which recommends
the printing of a map which has called forth ^the
criticism and satire of the gentleman from Mis-
souri. I do not profess to be intimately acquainted
with the geography of that country, and cannot,
perhaps, scan this map with the same accuracy
that the Senator from Missouri seems to have
done, in the hurried manner in which he has ex-
amined it; nor do 1 know that I can gainsay his
criticisms. I will leave that task to those who
feel a deeper interest in this matter than I do.
I feel peisuaded, however, that the Senator from
Missouri has done the publishers of this map in-
justice. I am also persuaded, that at the present
time this map would, to a certain extent, be useful
to those who are seeking that desirable land,which,
in the estimation of many, is a land not flowing
with milk and honey, but abounding m gold dust.
So far as I am concerned, it is due, perhaps, to
.myself to say, that I did not attend at the com-
mittee room yesterday. Attendance upon a sick
friend prevented me from doing so. The honor-
able chairman of the committee [Mr. Cameron]
conferred with me, however, informally upon the
subject in this Chamber^ and evinced an anxiety
that it should receive prompt action at the hands of
the committee. I glanced over the map, and heard
his suggestions upon the subject, and I said to
him, that in so far as my action was concerned, I
was content that he should report it to the Senate,
and let them judge of the map, and determine
whether they would purchase u or not. Late in
the evening the honorable chairman of the com-
mittee informed me that business would compel
him to leave the city for a few days, and he re-
quested me to make the report for him this morn-
ing, and in conformity with that request I have
piesented the report, lie distinctly assured me
that he had examined the map, cfnd was satisfied
of us correctness and usefulness. Now, sir, I
have great respect for the opinions of that gentle-
man, and, as an evidence of that, I will state that I
conferred with him fully as to the most practicable
and direct route that citizens of my State, who have
written to me for information upon the subject,
should take in wending their way to the gold re-
£ion-
I think, sir,,the gentleman from Missouri is in-
correct in charactenzing all such mapo as this,
without exception, as catchpenny concerns. As
a general lule, perhaps, the gentleman is light in
so characterizing ihem. I entertain sgme distrust i-
of them myself, and I think that most of them are !
better calculated to lead those who trust to them
into difficulties than to afford useful information;
but the decided approval of the present map by the
honorable chairman of the Committee on Printing,
who assured me of its accuiacy and utility, I pre- '
sumed would take it out of the range of the gen-
tleman's prejudices as well as my own. The map
professes to give accurate information in respect
to the best and quickest routes to California.
Whether this information is absolutely authentic
or not, I will not undertake to say; bnt I presume
that it is sufficiently accurate to enable persons
going to that country to reach some point where
they can obtain further and sufficient information
upon this subject, and will prove a valuable aux-
iliary to other means of information they may pos-
sess.
I am not sufficiently conversant with the history
of the Senate and of the Government to say that
this is the first attempt to settle upon the Senate
the policy of purchasing books and maps for dis-
tribution among the people. But I have read to
but little purpose unless I have understood that the
Congress of the United States have repeatedly pur-
chased maps published by individual enterprise.
I am not, as I have already remarked, correctly
informed upon this subject. Some of the older
members of the Senate may be able to inform me
whether this is a new principle or not. If it be a
new principle, attempted to be ingrafted upon the
policy of the Senate now, for the first time, I am
very glad to say that I shall not give it my support.
I will go as far as he that goes furthest, to restrict
this Government and this body to the limits pre-
scribed by the Constitution. I have no particular
interest in this matter. I presented the report
j merely as an act of courtesy towards the chairman
I of the Committee on Printing, who requested me
' to do so.
I would state that I have answered a large por-
tion of the calls for information in regard to the
best routes to California, which have been made
| upon-me, by the purchase of this map, as weli as
1 of many other documents, out of my individual
means, and enclosed them to those seeking inform-
ation upon that subject. I have thought, there-
fore, as this map affords nearly all the information
upon this subject which it is desirable to obtain,
that it would prove of essential aid to Senators,
who will, doubtless, be frequently called upon to
give this information. I do not desire, by any
means, to press this matter upon the Senate, and
am content, therefore, to let it lie over until the
return of the honorable chairman of- the Commit-
tee on Printing. I should not have said what I
have, but for the absence of that gentleman.
Mr. DICKINSON. Mr. President, 1 have not
looked at this map, nor do I propose to do so. I
shall content myself with saying that the Senate
of the United States is the last body that should
attempt the publication of maps. This map may
have merits; but, if it has, they will be apprecia-
ted elsewhere, and those who may wish for it can
obtain it for themselves. If this resolution be
passed, its operation will, at best, be partial, and
that reason alone is sufficient to induce me to cast
my vote against it. As a member of the Com-
mittee on Finance, I have had occasion to look at
the galloping consumption of our contingent fund
for a few years past. Formerly, it was twenty
thousand dollars per annum; now it is upwards of
one hundred and twenty thousand dollars per an-
num. This large increase comes from thp printing
of books, the publication of maps and documents
of various kinds, with the vain idea of supplying
the country with useful information. I shall go
against the purchase of this map, without regard
to its merits, because I consider that this is not
the place to turn publisher.
Mr. BENTON. I said, sir, that the course indi-
cated by the resolution is against my system in
such matters, to say nothing about the system
that should be pursued-by the Senate. I have a
system for authorizing the Senate to print maps
constructed from original materials, and published
without copyright, for the purpose of bringing
something original and new before the country,
and letting it pass without the restrictions of a copy-
right into the service of the country, and ir.t"> tie
possession of the great mass of the people. That
is my system, and according to it I \oted for the
publication of some original maps, and also some
original works relating to the geography of our
country. But I am not willing, sir, that the Sen-
ate should print books to furnish the contents of
libraries, either European or American. Nor am
I willing that the Senate should purchase compila-^
tions of maps, whether good or bad. I go for the
construction of books and maps from original
materials, and these to be published without copy-
rights; so that the public may reap the benefit of
them at once, and the boundaries of science be
thus enlarged, and the interests of art and litera-
ture advanced. But, sir, it excites some little
feeling in me,to see, as I have frequently seen it,
since the breaking out of the Mexican war, on
many occasions, when a little fever has been gotten
up by some occurrence, or perhaps discovery,
a man who knows nothing under God's heavens
about the subject, get up a book or map concern-
ing it, and, taking advantage of the fever, sell it to
everybody in the country that has got the fever, and
then come to the Senate to see if they had caught the
fever, so that he can seil them his book also. Yes,
sir; without knowing any thing about the merits of
