1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
turning round and saying, You have no right to
speak on the subject; or, if you do, we will not
hear you; we will treat you with contempt?
jjyir. President, it utterly hopeless to do any
good by the couise which has been taken in refer-
ence to petitions sent here. What has been the
result of this thing in the other brand) of this
Legislature ? When I first came into Congress all
these petitions were received and referred. Things
went on this way for some ume. At last we passed
the 2ist rule, lefusmg to receive such petitions,
^rejecting them without question, without action,
without doing anything in regard to them. Did
the passage of the 21st rule do any good? It has
only, in my judgment, aggravated the evil; and the
course which we take here can have no other effect
than to aggravate and inciease the evil? What is
tile remedy? Sir, refer the petitions, and then give
the appropriate answer.
On the subject of the right of petition, allow me
to say that I entertain the opinion that it is not
unlimited. There is a resuiction upon it, and that
restriction consists m two things. If the body pe-
titioned have no power to grant the prayer of the
petition, then the petitioner has no right to prefer
a petition. If he prefers his petition to a body that
cannot comply with the wishes of the petition, that
has no constitutional power to do it, the petitioner
is in fault in petitioning- that body which, in respect
to the action which the petition desires, has no
possible power to act. There is no right to peti-
tion in any case of that sort.
The other limitation is where the petition asks
a body that has the power to act to pass a law, 01
to modify or lepeal a law, which lav/ does not op-
erate on the petitioner, but upon somebody else
than the individual who is not affected by the lav/.
Whoever cannot be affected by it, has no right
whatever to interpose h)s petition asking the legis-
Iritive authority of the country, by its action, to
affect the rights and interests ot others, from which
action he himself is altogether exempted. In a case
of that sort it is a direct despotism—it is tyranny
in its worst sense, for a man who does not feel the
operation of the law, and who, from Ins situation,
cannot feel it, to apply to the legislative body of
the country, and ask that legislative body to put
manacles upon others when he is not to feel them
himself. Now, sir, this restriction of the night of
petition has been violated in numberless instances
by persons at the North, who have been constantly
calling upon the legislative'body of the country
to do that which cannot affect themselves; and I
want* in reference to my view of the subject—1
want the committees of this House and the other,
to answer those petitioners—to answer them in a
calm and dignified manner, and say to them,
When your petitions come here, you are begging
for a law which you are not to feel yourselves,
but which you ere seeking to make others feel
most sensibly. There are differences of opinion
upon the subject, I know. These northern gen-
tlemen, and their constituents, may think, perhaps
as conscientiously as I believe the contrary, that
they have a right thus to invoke the action of
Congress upon a subject which they cannot feel.
I think that they have no such right. I am, how-
ever, for allowing the petitions to go to..the com-
mittee, and then let these noithern srentlemen,
who are disposed to ogitate, do it at their peril.
Sir, we shall have all these things discussed as we
have had them heretofore; it is perfectly unavoid-
able. The territorial bill in regard to New Mex-
ico and California brings the whole question
'before us; and why on this occasion, any more
than, on any other, should we of the South be
alarmed by its discussion? Why should we be
pfiaid to allow these northern gentlemen to bring
whatever they please, connected with this institu-
tion of ours, into discussion before the Senate?
Sir, I feel as though I stood upon impregnable
ground in reference to "this institution ; I fear
nothing they may choose to discuss by their peti-
tion. 1 therefore not only hope that the inquiry
which is now asked for may be made during the
present session, but I am perfectly willing to have
-a reconsideration of the vote upon receiving the
petition which was presented the day before yes-
terday by the Senator from New Hampshire, and
to send it to the same or some other committee,
and have a report upon it likewise.
Mr. METCALFE. I desire to submit a few,
and very few remarks on this subject. The peti-
tioner is a gentleman well known to me. 1 have
20*
known him long, and Known him intimately. I
believe his venerable father was the first man for
whom I ever east my vote for a seat in the other
end of the Capitol. A venerable man of revolu-
tionary memory, who has recently gone to his
account at the age of about ninety years, was his
father. The petitioner himself is a sincere man, a
man of as elevated character as any farmer living
in this broad land. It is a subject on which he has
thought long and thought deeply, and upon which
he lias written occasionally, too, in the course of
the last tensor fifteen years. He is the owner of
land and slaves in Kentucky, and he i  in favoi of
a system of gradual emancipation of some son or
other. At a moment like the present, when a
convention is about to assemble in the State of
Kentucky, and as this great question is to be agi-
tated m that convention, it seems to me U was a
most appropriate moment for this distinguished
citizen to present this petition to the Congiess ot
the United States. Sir, the decision that Will be
given here on this subject will have an immense
bearing doubtless upon the question in Kentucky.
That there are men theie who are willing to eman-
cipate their slaves upon condition tlfat they could
be earned out of the country, to some place where
they could be provided for, there is 110 sort of
doubt. Thousands would be emancipated by their
owners, who would ask nothing for their skives,
and be sent from the State, if they only had the
means of transporting them to some quarter of the
world wheie it would not be inhuman to send
them. We know, Mr. President, .that one of our
sister States has passed a constitutional interdict
to a residence 011 the part of free persons of
color within their limits. We know that to a
greater or less extent several of the new States
have passed laws that are severe in their opera-
tion upon free persons of color; we know it has
not been very long since three large States in
the northern portion of this Confederacy have
forcibly driven out from them free persons of color.
Where, oh, where is to be their place of refuge?
We all know there is not a citizen in Kentucky,
and'perhaps not in this broad land, who does not
know the fact that it is not practicable to liberate
and retain that population in our own borders.
Why, the laboring population of Kentucky would
revolt at the thought of a free black population
existing there with privileges which place them on
an equality with themselves. Where, then, where
are they to go? Would our northern friends refuse,
if they had the constitutional power to do so > 1
see the Senator from jNew Hampshire looking at
me, and I take for granted we should have his cor-
dial support, for he is an excellent philanthropist
111 theory, and I hope practically. Would they re-
fuse to contribute a small sum, having for its object
this new purpose? I trust they would not. 1 do
not wish to detain the Senate with this subject. I
desired, however, to bring to the mind of honorable
Senators this true state of the case as it respects
the condition of Kentucky at this very moment.
It is a matter of the utmost importance to Ken-
tucky at least that she should now understand
whether or not she can receive any aid from this
source, whence it is asked by the petition, to
transport beyond the bounds of this Government
that race. We all know that there is nothing pni-
lanthropic in hbeiating them and allowing them to
remain among us. We all know that their con-
dition in such easeisamoie degraded one than
when they are in a state of slaveiy; for they
have then no master; no one who is interested
in giving them protection—no one at all. We
know it is impossible to make them an intelligent
and educated people so long as they remain in
this country. But if we could aid the Colonization
Society, aiid assist in carrying them beyond the
confines of this country of ours to some place
where their condition cou'd be ameliorated, it is
certainly an object worthy of the serious consid-
eration of this Senate, of this nation, and more
especially of those who apprehend danger to this
Union on account of the continuance of the insti-
tution of slavery. W11 y cannot we appeal to
northern people, who have so much to say about
this institution, who are continually presenting to
us memorials and petitions, some of which are
offensive, and cannot be otherwise from the man-
ner in which they are presented—I say, cannot we.
appeal to our northern friends, with some hope of
success, and ask them whether they cannot aid us
in this great measure? They are anxious that
there should be no slavery here. We lament that
the African race was ever brought to this country ;
but they are here, and it now becomes us to make
the best we can of our.situation. But! will not
indulge in any course of argument on this subject;
I merely rose for the purpose of malting known to
tnis boily that 1 amjiitimately acquainted with the
gentleman who has signed this petition; that I
know the sincerity of his heart; that I am aware
of his sincere and ardent desire that something
should be done like that he has petitioned for: and
I desired to let it bo known to this body what was
the present condition of Kentucky, and- of that
portion of this Union which is to be affected by the
decision to be had now upon this question.
Mr. HALE. J rise for the purpose of express-
ingmy grateful acknowledgments to the honorable
Senator from Kentucky, who fhst addressed the
Chair, for the magnanimous and liberal course he
has pursued in regards the petition which I pre-
sented to the Sfinate yesterday. Iiuleed, nothing
else was to be expected from him. But, while I
do this, I beg leave to give my unqualified dissent
to the limitations which that Senator has laid down
to the right of petition. With the restrictions
which the Senator puts upon it, and which I am
sure he would not have done.if he had brought
his usual keenness of perception to bear upon the
subject, the right of petition would be utterly de-
stroyed. If I understand the Senator's limitations,
rhey are these: First, the petition must be addressed
to a body having the power to grant the prayer of
the petition; and, secondly, that it must not pray for
measures which are to affect others than the peti-
tioners. Now, what is the right of petition worth
thus limited, thus hampered, thus fettered ? "Why,
the very question is, whether Congress has power
to do what the petitioners ask? They come and
ask you to institute certain measures, to pursue a
certain course, and if you say at the outset you
have not power to do it, you just as effectually de-
stroy the right of petition as if you had said, wc wilt
not do it for any other reason. It as effectually
destroys the right of petition as any other course
which human ingenuity can devise. One of the
limitations declared by the Senator is, that the pe-
tition must not pray for measures which are to
aifect others than those who petition.- Why, I
read the other day a correspondence between the
Government of the United States and that of Great
Britain relative to some Arneiican citizens said to
be detained in prison in Great Britain, and 1 read
with very high satisfaction the letters of the Secre-
tary of State—they are very much to his credit—
urging upon our minister at the Court of St. James
that he should interpose his offices, not only in be-
half of American citizens, but m favor of that whole
class of persons wiio had fallen under the displeas-
ure of the Government for the attempts—mistaken
attempts, perhaps—that had been made to reform
or to revolutionize Ireland. What would be ourfate
if the right to pray the bestowal of any good should
be confined to the individual praying, unless the
piivilege of asking blessings for others, as well as
ourselves, be recognized? What is the whole tenor
and scope of the religion we profess ? Is it not the
duty of our Christian ministers and all who pro-
fess Christianity to make prayer and intercession
for all men ? And is it to be asserted here to-day
that this privilege is to be narrowed, that thccircle
of human chanty is to he circumscribed, and that
we have no right to pray for others? And is the
right of petition to be so restricted 5 I undeistand
from the Senator from Kentucky that these are
the restrictions that he would impose upon those
who adthess the Senate of the United Slates.
I shall trespass but a moment longer upon the
patience of the Senate. I must say that I have
been amused, and not a little astonished, at the
j tone of remark that I have heard every day, in this
Senate and elsewhere, upon the subject of Ameri-
can slavery, as if northern gentlemen were aggres-
sive upon that subject. Asjirressive I How, when,
and whe -e aggressive ? Why, the couise of north-
ern Representatives and northern Senators—I soy
it to our shame, and I take my portion of it—hos
been so pusillanimous, ^o cowardly, so craven,
and so submissive upon the subject, that the very
women and children reproach us for it. Yes, ^tr;
and I received a letter from a female friend to-day,
inquiring how it was that northern spirit had so
oozed out that we had become utterly silent ? Why,
slavery has so ruled this Government, from the
adoption of the Constitution to this time, that we
