v/
212
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 10,
debate, by the courtesy of the House can give way j
to the eentleman from Michigan. I
Mr. WENTWORTH. I would very gladly, !
but there may be a dozen more who will want ;
me to yield to them. |
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from i
Illinois insist on bis motion new? _ ]
Mr. WENTWORTII. I must insist upon it,
for fear of losing the fioor.
Mr. KAUFMAN appealed to the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Wentwortsi] to waive his mo-
tion, so as to permit the proposition of the gentle-
man from Michigan [Mr. Stoart] to be read for
information.
Mr. WENTWORTH hesitated.
The SPEAKER directed gentlemen to take their
seats.
Mr. WENTWORTH said that if the resolu-
tion of the gentleman from Michigan could be read
without Ins (M.\ W.'s) losi.-c; Ilia right to the
floor, or without the gentleman fro-.i Michigan
making a speech, or without the House taking
any action on the proposition, he would waive his
motion.
Mr. STUART. 1 merely wiih that She propo-
sition snouid be read for information, and to give ,
notice that I shaii offer it if the motion to recon- ,
sider should prevail. j
There was great confusion in the Hall.
Mr. GTDD1NGS rose to a point of order.
The SPEAKER, said that the Chair would de-
cide no point of order, nor recognize any gentle-
man, until the House had come to order.
After a brief pause—
The SPEAKER proceeded. The Chair under-
stood that thegeniifinan from Illinois [?Jr. Wentt-
worth] withdrew his motion to lay the motion to
reconsider on the (Able. The gentleman held the
floor f >r purposes ci' debate; and, r>s a matter of
courtesy, 'ho nngut allow the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Ht: aut] to ha.e his proposition
read for information.
Mr. G1DD1NGS now stated his point of order.
He submitted whether the gentleman could recoil !
his motion for such a purpose, and then renew it. j
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right,
to hold the floor for the purpose of debate—to
"make an hour's speech, if the gentleman chose
to give way to the, gentleman from Michigan, ac-
cording to the courtesy of the House, it was his
right to do so.
Mr. STUART sent his amendment to the
Clerk's table to be reivl.
The SPEAKER. 15y the strict ru'e of the
Hou se, it is not the gentleman's right to have, the
amendment read by the C'erk. it is his right to
it him^!''.
[Sr.\ Kit a l \c ivv.^i Oh, H it be read by the
Clerk.]
Mr. GfOOIiN'GS objected.
?Jr. STUART. I v/fii rend the resolution. j
[Several voices. We cannot hear you.] i
Mr. ST [J ART. I think I can mai-ce myself1
heard. I propose to strike oat vM r-'\crthe v, ord .
" resolved,''' and insert—
" That the Committee on the Distinct of Columbia be in- j
str.icted to prepare and report to thi^ Hou>-« a bill antho- i
mnig and lequirms the corporate authorities o( the city of
Georgetown to prevent the introduction of slavs into their
city, for the purpose of *aie or merchandise, and to suppress
sueh trade within then corporate limits, and authorize and
require the corporate authorities of the city of Washington
to e\oici-*e the sa..se power tin oughout he remaindci at said
Distnct.1'
The resolution having been read, Mr. S. said he
should oflfer it m case the vote was reconsidered.
Mr. WENTWORTH said he now renewed his
motion to iay the motion to reconsider on the tabic,
and asked the yeas and nays.
Mr. LIjNCOXjN appealed to his colleague [Mr.
Wentwortii] to withdraw his motion, to enable
him to read a proposition which he intended to
submit, if the vote should be reconsidered.
Mr. WENTWORTH a^ain withdrew his mo-
tion for that purpose.
Mr. LINCOLN said, that by the courtesy of
his colleague, he would say, that if the vote on the
resolution was reconsidered, he should make an
effort to introduce an amendment, which he should
now read.
And Mr. L. read as follows:
Strike out* all after the word " resolved," and
insert the following;:
"That the Committee 011 the District of Columbia be in-
structed 10 report a bill m substance as follows:
" See. 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and Howe of Repre-
sentatives of the United States in Consyesj assembled, That no .
person not now within the District of Columbia, nor now
owned by any person or persons now 1 evident within it, nor
hereafter born within it, shall ever be held in shvery within ;
said District.
11 Sec. 2. That no person now within paid District, or now
owned by any person or peisons now resident within the
same, or hereafter born within it. shall ever he held in sla-
very without the linn's ol said Pistnct: Provided, That offi-
cer* of the Government of the United States, being citizens
of the slaveholding States, coming into said District on pub-
lic business, and remaining only so Ion? as may be reason-
ably necessary for thai object, may be attended into and out
of sakl District, and while there, h\ the necessary servants
of themselves and their families, v* ithout their right tcUiold
suchscivan?.--in service being thereby unpaired.
" Sec. That all children born of slave mother?, within
«?:d Distnef, on 01 after the lirst day of Januarv,in the vcar
of our l*ord one thousand eiyht hundred and fifty, shall bo
free; hut shall be reasonably supported and educated by the
respective owners of their mother, 01 l>y th° r heirs or rep-
resentatives, and shall serve reasonable service, as appren-
tices. to such owners, heirs, and repre-^ntative", until they
respectively airive at the aa;e of j^ars, when they shall
he ent^eh' free: And the nsunicipa! authorities ol Washing-
ton and Geoi->etowi', within their respective jurisdictional
limit-*, ate hereby empoweied and required to make ail suit-
able ai-d pfcfssai}' provisions for enforcing obedience to tins
^ectrori, on (he part of both master and apprentice-!.
"Skc. 4. That all persons now within said District law-
fully hQid slaves, or '*ow ow tied bj <n.v per>on or prrs-ou^
now 1 within said iM'trict. '■hall remain such at the
wiH of their r* ?-peefive owners, their heirs and legal renre-
sentaUves: Provided, T'ut any such owner, or his leiral
repre«en:ai've>, may at anv time leceive from the treasury
of the U rt.'d States the full value of his or her slave of the
cla«s in this s-ection mentioned ; upon which such slave shall
be forthwith and forever ft ce : Jind provided furl her,Tti<\i the
President of the United States, the Secretary of State, and
the S< ere?,it v of the Trra-my, shah be a'board for det^r-
rnuiinn the vah:e of such slaves a-< then owners may desire
to emancipat" under this >ection. and whose duty it shall be
to hold a fin thn purpose on ino firvt Monday of each
calendar mo'fni; to icoeive all applications, and, on satis-
f'^toiy e\i-!rnce m each ca-e that th° person presented for
\ah:\t'on r> a slave. mid of the elas? m thi^ scction men-
tioned, and )•" owned ny '!)'> applicant, shall value such slave
at ilk or hnr ful! cr.^h \alne, and nve to tlie applicant an
older on The treasury for t!ie amoui.t, and also to such cJave
a ocrt'^cato nf freedom.
11 Pkc. o. Tnaf iiie municipal authorities of Washington
and Georgetown, within tneir re^peetivc jurisdictional lim-
its, are hereby empowered and roniur< d to provide active
and ehieten! means to nriv^t and d"!iver up to their owneis
ail fug'hve slaves escaping into'-n'd Histiicf.
" t?"C. 6. That the clfctiou ntn^ciN within said District
of Columbia an1 heicby cmpoweicd and requiicd to open
polh at all the n^ual places of holding elections on the first
Monday of Apu! next, and receive the vote of every free
while male cni/i-m above the age of twenty-one#,f-ars, hav-
ing ic«Hhd within said District for the period of one year or
more ne\t preceding the time of such voting for or against
this act, to proceed in taking said "otes m all le^-pect's not
he! cm spccincd, as at elections under the municipal law*,
and with a^ little dvday as possible in ltan?mit conect state-
ments of the votes «o cast to the President of the United
fita'e?; and il shall be the duty of the President to canvass
said voles immediate!}, and if a m.'joiity of them be found
to be foi tin5' act, to foithwith issin- hi« proclamation giving
notice of the tact; and tins act shall only he in full force and
effect on and aft' r the d ty or tuch piodarrsntion.
" Skc. °. That mvolunfaiy seiviii'de for th« punishment
of crin-e v. heicof the p.nty shall iuiveheen duly convicted
shaii m now ise he prohibited by tin- act.
ki .->•(- c. That !or a!! t <e purpose* of this act. the jurisdic-
tional hunts of Wasinimton a .e extended to ail paits of the
Distrct 01 Columbia rot now included witnm the present
h.iut> ot Ceorgctoan."
Mr. LINCOLN then said, that he was autho-
lized to say, that of about fifteen of the leading
citizens of the District of Columbia to whom this
proposition had been submitted, there was not one
but who appioved of the adoption of such a prop-
osition. He did not wish to be misunderstood.
He did not know whether or not they would vote
for this bill on the first Monday of April; but he
repeated, that out of fifteen persons to whom it
had been submitted, he had authority to say that
every one of them desired that some proposition
hire this should pass.
[Several voices: " Who are they? Give us their
names."]
Mr. V/ENTWOXITH again rose to renew his
proposition.
Mr. McLANE nose and said that he desired to
afk thegcntluman from Illinois [Mr. Wektworth]
if he would not waive his motion, so as to give an
opportunity to gentlemen from Maryland, on both
sides, to say a few words before the final vote was
taken, it was the general request of the delega-
tion from Maryland, on both sides, that such an
opportunity should be afforded. :
Mr. "WENTWORTH (addressing the Speak-
er) inquired, how much time have i remaining?
The SPEAKER said it was not usual, nor in ■
accordance with parliamentary courtesy, that a 1
gentleman holding the floor should give way to a
speech. He might give way to an explanation,
or amendment; but it he ga\e way to a speech, he 1
gave way altogether. |
Mr. WENTWORTH said he would do all he
could to accommodate gentlemen, so long as he
retained his right to the floor; and it was for the
; Chair to prescribe the limits to which he could go.
He was satisfied, from the several propositions
; which had been made to-day, that the House
would rather vote directly on the question now be-
! fore ity than sit here all day and vote by yeas and
nays upon these various propositions. He therefore
. insisted on his motion, unless there was some
l other gentleman who had an amendment which
; he wished to have read.
; Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, hoped the gentle-
man would give way for ore moment.
' Mr. WENTWORTII referred the gentleman
: to the limitation just prescribed by the Speaker.
; The yeas and nays (which had been previously
j asked by Mr. Wentwortij) were ordered on his
; motion.
j And the question, Shall the motion to reconsider
| the resolution be laid on the table was then taken,
; and decided in the negative, as follows:
j YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Belcher, Bmehnm, Blaekmar,
Blaneiiaid, Cathcart, Collamer, Coihns, Conger, Cranston,
Crowell, Cummin*, Darlips, Dieke\, Dickinson, Dixon,
Duer, Eckut, Eihvaids, Nathan Evans, Fa ran, Fi-her,
Freedley, Fries, Giddtnsj-, Gott, Greeley. Gregoiy, N.uhau
K. Hal), James G. Hampton, jVIo«es Hampton, Henley,
Henty, ■Elia* B. Holmes, Kuhhard, Hudson. Flnnf, Jenkins,
James H. Johnson, Kellogg, Daniel P Kinsr, "Lahm, Sidney
Lawrence, huffier, Lynde, McClelland, Mcllvaine, Horace
Mann, Marsh, Marvin, Morri«. Mnlhn, Nelson, Nes, New-
; t il, Palfrey, Fca^lee, Pfck,Pctrie, Putnam,P'-buiPOR, Rock-
| hill, Jyhus Rockwell, Ro^e, Root. Rumcey, St. John, Flier-
. rill, Silvester, Robert Fmith, Starkweather, Strollm. Wm.
' Thompson,! hnrstnn, Turner, Warren, Weniwortli, White,
• YVihnot, and Wih-on—80.
NAYS—Messis. Adams, Atkinson, Barnnger, Barrow,
, Beale, Bedm^r, Cirdsall, Cocook, Bott=, l>o;d, Bo\den>
' l>rady, Bndf^e^,' B'odliead, William G. Biown, Chailes
i Brown, AlbertG. Brown. Bntler, Canhy, Chapman, Clapp,
' Franklin O'hrk, FJeverlv L. Cin- :%e, Chmjinan, Howell Cohh,
Wilhamson R. W. Cobb, Cocke. Cr -tieid. Crozier, Daniel,
. Donnell, Dtinn, Knibree. Alexander Evnn*, Ftirnd'y, Fk k-
; hn, Flonrnov, Fiencb. Fulton. G-urie«, Ga\le, Gentrv,Go>
piri,Green, Gimnell, Willard i\ Hall, Hammon^, Haralson,
I Harris, Haskell, Hill, Hilliard, George S. Fionston. John W,
Houston, Injre, Charles J. Isicer-oll, Joseph R. Fri2er?oJ|,
Irvin, Fveifon, Jameson, Andrew Johnson. George W>
! Jones, John W.Jones, Kaufman, Ketinon, Thomas Bntler
' Kio^, lift j?ere, h(,vjn, L'jjon, Lincoln, Lord. Lumpkin,
I McClemand, MoDnwell, McKay, McLane, Job Mann,
! ivleadc, ?fli'iei, Morehead, I\Ior--e, Murphy, Xicoll, Outlaw*
. Pendleton, Bhelp-, Pj^bury, Bollock, Preston, Khett, Kich-
j ard.-on, Richey, Jobn A. Rockwell, Roman. Ernwjcr, Shop-
i perd, Simpson, Pmait, Caleb B. Smith, Truman Smith,
j Stanton, Stephens, Chas. E Stuart. Sfrone, Taylor, Thomas,
' Jacob Thompson, Richatri W. Thompson, Jnitn B. Thomp-
i t-on, Robert A. Thompson, Tompkin-. Toomb?, Van D>ke,
i Venahle, Vinton, Waliace, Wick, Wiley, Williams, and
1 Woodward—l-.O.
So the motion to reconsider was not laid upon
1 the table.
| And the question then recurring on the motion
to reconsider the vote by which the said resolution
' had been adopted—
| Mr. McLANE said that he desired to submit a few
1 woids to the House, as an inducement to the re-
! consideration of this vote. He hoped that it would
I he reconsidered; and he hoped so in view of the
| intrinsic merits of the abstract proposition involved
; in the resolution, as we'H as of these still higher
! considerations which entered into the question,
! and which gentlemen on all sides of the House
knew to he vital to the peace and harmony of this
; Federal Government.
j So far as the District of Columbia was referred
I to as a part of the Slate of Maryland, the foreign
j slave trade (as it was termed) had already been
! abolished. Gentlefnen from the North could give
■ the people of Maryland no new light upon the
; principles of morality oe humanity. One of the
' earliest enactments of fhat State was a law prohib-
iting the slave trade. The original and steady pol-
icy of that State had been a pohey looking to the
. ultimate emancipation of the black race. There
, was no man there who did not understand that, in
j the future of this country, this question was one of
the gravest import; and the legislation of Mary-
1 land, he repeated, had steadily looked to ultimate
■ emancipation. In the first place, it looked to the
; police and piotection of the State itself in view of
, that institution. It looked first to the preservation
and protection within the limits of the State of
Maryland of slave property; then it regulated the
process by which slaves could he emancipated;
and the process of emancipation had been provided
for and regulated by all the early legislation of
Maryland. Then the ereat evil of increasing the
slave population of the State by the introduction of
slaves from other States was prohibited. The most
stringent restrictions were imposed upon the iritro-
