214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 10,
lee on the Judiciary, or to the Committee on the
District of Columbia, he caret] not which. It was
a question which could no longer be smothered m
committees. He wanted it to go to a committee of
intelligence and patriotism, (and he knew both of
these committees to be of thai character.) He de-
sired the resolution to be reconsidered, and then
he should vote to refer the subject to one of these
eommittees, that they might inquire and ascertain
by what legal and constitutional means this slave
trade (to speak of it in that sense) could be pro-
hibited; and he should cheerfully vote for every
law, for every regulation which looked to the
maintenance of existing laws; but he would not
vote for any law, new or original, which, emana-
ting from Congress, should touch the subject of
slavery outside of the express grants of the Consti-
tution. This he believed to be the most enlightened
sentiment of his State.
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, said he desired to say
a few words in regard to this matter, although it
was not his object to enter into a discussion of the
general subject of slavery, or of slavery in the
iDistrict of Columbia. He believed, if he knew
anything about the extent to \\ hich the slave trade,
(the foreign slave trade, as it had been teimed,)
was carricd on in the District of Columbia, that it
was a great evil; an evjl for which, he thought,
public sentiment, in most emphatic terms, de-
manded a remedy; and he was as willing as any
gentleman on this floor to adopt a proper remedy,
and comply with the demands of the people, lie
did not desire to enter into that mode of legislation
■which was sometimes adopted by some individu-
als, for what was called the agitation of the sub-
ject of slavery. He did not desire to agitate this
question of slavery as an abstract question, for the
purpose of building up a political party; and God
forbid that the organization of the political parties
of this country should ever be compelled to turn
upon the agitation which might be given to sub-
jects of this character. They had seen agitations
of this character here, producing most baleful
effects. He desired, if they legislated upon the
subject, that they should^adopt that sound, wise,
judicious legislation which should conduce to prac-
tical results, and remedy the eviis which existed.
He should vote for the reconsideration of the
vote by which the lesolution had been adopted,
not that he was desirous to prevent any proper
action of this House to prohibit the sl<ue trade
within this District, but he should do it desiring to
see an examination of the question, and an adop-
tion of such measures to prevent the evil, to break
up the practice which was said to prevail here of
" making this District a mart for the traffic in slaves.
He desired to see a resolution which should be
temperate in its character directed either to the ,
Committee on the Judiciary or on the District of
Columbia, who would be expected to enter into a !
dispassionate, wise, and patriotic examination of '
this question He heard a great many opinions
expressed in regard to what was now the law; he
heaid gentlemen of intelligence say that this traffic
in slaves was in violation\ff the laws now in force '
"within this District. He did not profess to know
what were the laws now operating here upon this
question; and for the purpose of informing the j
House and the country upon this subject, he de-
sired that an examination should be had by one of !
the committees of the House, who should report !
to them what were the laws which were m force, |
and what measures were necessaiy to coirect the i
evils which existed. \
He desired to do this without prefacing the res- !
olution with a preamble similar to that of the res- f
olution which had been adopted by the House;
and he believed, although that resolution had re- !
ceived the sanction ot a majority of the members
of the House, that there was a large, an over- !
whelming majority here who desiiectto see what |
alteiations weie necessaiy to be made m the exist-
ing laws, without piefacing the resolution which
instructed the committee to make the inquiry with
a preamble of this character. He would say, in I
all sincerity and honesty, that he had no desire to ;
inflame or excite the peopie of the South any more
than the people of the North, in regard to this '
ques.ijn. But whatever might be his opinions m 1
regard to this institution, (and they were known '
to tvery gentleman here; he had never, on anv ,
proper occasion, attempted to conceal the opinions !
which he entertained jh regard to the subject of '
slavery,) he believed they had been in the habit of
I acting upon the principle which he believed was
I not denied by any gentleman on this floor, that
j (his institution, in the States where it existed, was
i a local institution, and that Congress had no right
to interfere with it. Why, the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Giddtngs] admitted, in every speech
which he made upon the subject, that Congress
had no right to go into South Carolina, Georgia,
or any other State, and interfere with their domes-
tic institutions. The whole country concurred in
this opinion. If, then, they had not the right to
legislate in regard to slavery as it existed within
the Sates, why, he asked, should they bring up
a resolution, prefaced v ith a preamble, which was
fj calculated to reSect upon the people of those States,
j! and hold them ap to the odium of ihe country?
; He desired practical legislation; and he did not
ii believe that practical legislation or practical results
,j were to be obtained by using the power of this
1 i House for the purpose of inflaming the public
I. mind against the evil of slavery.
!j However great he might consider these evils to
be, and however much he might desire to see the
i institution repealed, dsetroyed, eradicated—still,
;; if he wished to express his opinions upon that
! question, he would go among his own constitu-
I■ ems—among his own people—where he had a
|l light to speak upon it. But he did not believe
j! that any beneficial results could follow these at-
'j tempts to inflame the public mind upon abstract
;; discussions heie upon questions which were ac-
!' knowledged not to be within their control.
j( iMr. G1DDINGS rose and inquired of the gen-
ii tleman if he would allow him to a&k a question?
 i Mr. SMITH. Certainly,
i; Mr. GIDttNGS. I wish to inquire of the gen-
•, {leroan whether he intends to tax me or&ny other
I, member with using Illegitimate or improper argu-
| incnts on this question of slavery?
Mr. SMITH. I made no ehaiges against the
■ gen tlem-iM.
! Mr. GIDDINGS. The gentleman referred to
;! the improper agitation of the subject on this floor.
!1 I want to know distinctly of him, whether he
i intends to charge me with agitation here upon
: subjects over which we have not supreme iuris-
I diction;
j' Mr. SMITH was understood to say, that he
| had made no reference to the gentleman, except as
!j saying, that in all his speeches the gentleman had
admitted that Congress had no tight to interfere
;< with slavery in the States.
j! Mr. GIDD1NGS. There is one other question
which I desire to put to the gentleman. Does he
want to continue and sustain the institution of
slavery in the District of Columbia? I ask for an
answer.
! Mr. SMITH. My own opinions, as I have
stated befoie,are known to the House, and known
to my own constituents. And whenever the ques-
tion with reference to the abolition of slavery in
, the District of Columbia is piescnted to my action,
I shall be found ready to act upon it. I can tell
the gentleman, that I shall not he disposed to-leave
the settlement of this question to free negroes or
slaves m the District of Columbia.
[There were some manifestations of applause
i at this part of the remarks of Mr. S., which the
Speaker immediately checked.]
! Mr. S. continued. He desired that there should
| be wise, patriotic, and practical legislation. He
; desired to see the slave trade in the District of Co-
| lumbia abolished. He believed that there was a
raaiority of southern men here who concun ed in the
, propriety of such a measure; and he was pleased
, to hear the liberal and patriotic sentiments which
; had been expiessed by the gentleman from Mary-
i land [Air. jVJcLane] on this question. It was an :
evil. To what extent it was carried on, he knew
. not. He had never witnessed it; but if the state-
ments which had been made throughout the country
, in relation to it were true, the evil was one which
| Congress ought to eradicate. :
j The gentleman from Maryland [Mr. McLane]
had stated that there was a law of that State by
t which slaves were prohibited from being brought 1
1 theie for sale. He (Mr. S.) had understood that ;
; similar laws existed in the State of Virginia, and
that^they existed also in various slave States of 1
the Union, if such was the fact—and he had heard
enlightened and patriotic southern men say that
theie was no southern State in the Union which
would tolerate a slave pen such as that referred to
1 m the District of Columbia—he would apoeal to b
!] his southern friends—he would appeal to those
who were desirous of allaying epilation on this sub-
j; ject—he would appeal to those who were desirous
! of counteracting the e\?l influences which ita a^iti-
I' tion here was calculated to produce on the pubiie
i; mind—whether they would object to adopting the
j; same legislation in the District of Columbia which
jj they acknowledged was right and propei in thei^
jf own States? He did not believe that they would
j] object. He did not believe that patiiotic gentle-
j| men from the South who were desirous to pre 
j| serve the Union—he did not believe that gentlemen
! desirous of maintaining that comity among the
'i.different States which was essential to the very
| existence of that Union—would object to the adop-*
tion of such measures here as weie required in
ij their own States os wise and proper, and the adop-
\\ tion of which would remove that ground of com-
! plaint now urjyed throughout the country.
'■ Mr. MEADE interposed, and asked Mr. S. to
j| allow him to say a word in explanation.
]i Mr. SMITH having yielded the itoor—
ij Mr. MEADE said there was no slave State in
ji the Union which prevented the sale of slaves to
persons who intended to take them out of the SrateP
■; or to remain with them. Many of the southern
: States had passed laws to prevent their introduction
, from other States. Virginia had once such a law.
Mr. MANN", of Massachusetts, rose to ask a
ij question of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mi.
l! Meade.]
Mr. SMITH having again yielded the floor—
Mr. MANN said that he wished to ask the
j gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Meade] if he was
■ not aware that there was in the State of Delaware,
:j for instance, a law which prohibited any owner of
i a slave from selling that slave without the State?
I There was such a law, he could inform the gen-
, tleman.
Mr. MEADE replied that he had not had Dela-
" ware in his mind when lie made his remarks, Hs
' ranked Delaware among the slavehoidmg States.
: Mr. SMITH said that the proposition of the
/ gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Meade] or the
! gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Makn] was
*■ altogether different from what he (Mr. S ) was-
II discussing. lie understood the law of Maryland
to prohibit the introduction of any slave into thas
; State for the purpose of being sold, or the carrying
I h^m out for that purpose.
!; Mr. CR1SFIELD interposed, and said that he
'■ had the law of Maryland before him, which he
would be glad to have read.
The law was sent to the CTeik's table, and the
fourth section was lead, as follows:
[ "Sec. 4. Jimi he if enacted. That it «!iall not he lawful,
from ami after tin: riist day of June nt xt. to nnpoit oi bung
into tins Htate, bv land or water, any neato, mulatto, os
, other .-lave, tor sale or to re-ideu ithm tin- fcHate : Proitfed,
. Ti.at noihrng heiern contained -h.-H l>e eoii-xnied to a!tei or
annul any ot the act- now m force m relation to tin* lijrht?
• ot non-re-tdents to lemove to or tiom. or emn'o) their slaves
i, upon their i-Iands in the Potomac river; ami an\ perton or
petso.is offending shall loifm, toi eveiysuch fiilfi.ee. any
negio. mulatto, ot oilier ^lavr. brought into ii>i- ;«idt<* c !i-
i, tiary to thK art; and Mieh i)o«ro, m.ilauo. oi orln r slave,
I' •shall be ei'titlPft to ttmlnm, upon condition that he con*enl
, to be sent to Liberia, or to h\tvethe loiibuuh;
; wi-e Mich necro, or rrmhtto. or other sla\p, shall be st ized
and taken and confined m jaiJ by She sheriff of tf e county,
j vi here the oitWice is coinn|if!"(i; whicn «hcnff i-ha!) receive
I' dollars for every neirro, mulatto, or other -dav(. -o
I brought irKo this Slate and forfeited afo?esnid nnt! s'-ized
aiid taken bv inm, to he iccovered in an ru-n-at of debt, in
!; ins own n^me, i/efuic ,inv ju-uee of the peaer. a^ small
debt-: are recover* tf from the pt r-on or pcr-ons -o offending;
uioroovei. said sheriff shall receive five do!!nr< tor Midi
; Jieeio. mulatto, or other slave, aetaailv eontui< d b\ hvm
jad.and the usual pr.son f<-e> nownHnned bv law:*and any
, prison or ppr>on-> «o o(lcndin<; unib>r thi> ,ic-t fhall be pun-
Hlicti by indictment in the county eouitof iheenntiU where,
the o/leriee n hall be com nutted ; and ujion conuetion thereof^
The said court shall, by >t-j mder, dir<-t t said >henfi to s< 11
any negrOj. nmlaito. ot other ^ia\ e,-o ^er/ed and t;>ken by
lunr underfill" act, to the Colonization p.,u«-n.tor - lid five
dollars, and fh^ piison t< of any ne^ro, mulalto, or otner
; slave, to be taken to LjOi-t/.i ; aed if the -;ik( Colonization
ooeiety will not receive -ueh neL'ro<'^. mulatioior oiiier
slaves, for saul fne dollar- each, and Ike pn-oa fee- ot evh?
■ upon lijfu-insr, sitid .-h< ntT -hall, after thiee week^J pni'lic
notice. L'iven b\ public adv(-rtKeni"nt<, s< II any vucb
mulatto, or otaei &I«ivc, to some p  r.-on or p'Vr-orH, with a
condition Mat an> such ne^ro, mulatto, or otln i -hive, shall
be removed and taken forthwith bejond th<* limits of this
State, to settle and reside ; and said <?heriiT '-hail leport any
■ sale or sale> made by him to the count) court of the county
in wliieh he le-ales; and atl< r deducing five dollar^ and
, pii'-on teps for each and ewiy negro, mulatto, or other slave,
-old as afoiesmd, which shall be -etsled b\ an account cur-
rent, to be seitled in ?,cid couil, said slierif) ^ha!l pav over
the balance of-aid sale.- to the treasurer ot the Shore w heie
he miiv levjdc . Provided, That this act shall not be -o con-
stiued a^ to prevent any person or pr rsons residing in tins
or any adjoining State, and who hold m their own right or
