1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
215
in light of any other persons, lands in both States within
ten nines of each other, t.mu removing their slaves tn aur!
fiom wud land-, ^ulely tor lhe cuiuwiuon and mipioveniPnt
of the same: *dnd provide!, afso, The names, and sex,
of any slavr- «o removed, f>l  tl) be iccotded m the office of
th<'ci -ik oi the con<uy emu of such countj m t'ns Sjate,
into winch the saul negtoes shall be i=o removed within
tliiity days alter theinemoval."
The section having1 been read—
Mr. CRISFlELD (under the courtesy of Mi.
Smith) said that by the act of 1842, (chapter 214,
Laws of Maryland,) persons who entered the
State with a bona fide intention to become citizens,
were at liberty to bring; in their slaves, and hold
them as such in Maryland. It was the policy of
Maryland to exclude the black race entirely from
her borders. She had made provision to limit
the introduction of slaver-'. She prohibited their
bein^ brought into the State to be sold, and also
prohibited the introduction of free negioes, with
the same view of excluding the entire race. That
had been the policy which had characterized her
legislation, and which was now embraced within
her laws.
Mr. C. sent to the Clerks table the act of 1842?
which was read as follows;
" lie it eiwrtcd hy the General Assembly of Maryland, That
any pei>oii coining into tins State foi the puiposeoi resi-
ding O) remaminir, either permanently or temporarily may
bring with him 'iny slaves foi hre ftorn any other State or
territory of the United States, and ma\ carry said slaves out
ot tin? State again, and return with them again: Provided,
That the person introducing sueh si,ive> *hall comply with
the proM^ions of the ;u-r of Assembly, pa^ed at December
session, in the year eighteen hundied and thirty-nine, chap-
ter fifteen, so far as the same relates to filing n h&l of .-aid
blave«5, and pay in 5 money tor the benefit of the Colonisation
Soeiotv, arid provided said slaves are not brought in this
State for sale."
Mr. SMITH resumed the fioor.
Mr. DICKEY asked him to yield for a mo-
ment.
Mr. SMITH said he did not desire that the
wholeday should be consumed in this sort of cross-
examination. He had merely desired an oppor-
tunity briefly to express his own views. He de-
sired to see some practical legislation which should
remedy the evil; and if Lhe vote on the resolution
should be reconsidered, he believed that a propo-
sition might be adopted which would be found
satisfactory to a majority of this House, and which
would accomplish the object. But he did not
wish to see any proposition introduced here which
would defeat the very object which gentlemen pro-
fessed a desire to attain.
Whilst he was on the fioor, there was one other
point to which he wished very briefly to refer. A
day or two since, some kind friend had sent him a
paper—a Free-soil paper published in Cincinnati—
the organ of that, jxirty there—which bestowed a
liberal share of abuse upon him (Mr. S.) upon the
charge that, as a member of the Committee on
Territories, he had voted against extending the
right of suffrage to negroes m California. He did
not know by what process the committees of this
House were furnished with teporters to take notes j
of their proceedings, or at whose expense these I
proceedings were furnished. There had been a ;
discussion in the House upon a proposition to em- j
ploy reporters to report its proceedings. But he I
did not know that there were leporters to take j
down the proceedings of the committees. How- j
ever this might be, it appeared that ins course had j
been reported as a member of the Committee on j
Territory s, and that he had been held up to public j
odium tor a vote which he had given theie. it was j
true that he was not in favor of extending the right 1
of suffrage to negroes in California. He had beep i
as aident and as consistent an advocate of free soil 1
in that Territory as any gentleman. He desired j
to see the principle carried into that Territory; and j
when,asapracucal man,he was called upon to pre- ;
sent a lull to carry out that principle, was he to load ;
it down with these ultra and extreme notions which j
would elevate the black man to the same social !
platform with the white? What hope could any j
man entertain of the passage of such a bill > What 1
hone could any man have entertained of the pas- ;
sage of that bill which leceivcd'the sanction of this ;
and the other House of Congress, and which car- j
ried the piinciplc ot free soil into Oregon,_ if, as j
the chairman of the Committee on Territories, he !
had incumbered it with these extreme views in re- ^
lation to the rights of humanity? He had never
seen a negro deposits a vote in the ballot-box ot In-
diana. The ne to did not deposHe his vote in
Ohio; nor did he believe that tins thing was clone
in any State of the Union without restriction, ex-
cent it might be in Massachusetts or Ilhode Island. !
Probe*b'y it un^ht be so theie, but he presumed it !
was not so in any other State. [Some gentlemen ;
appeared to make a suggestion to Mr. S.; when ■
he continued:] Probably there might be three ;
such States. But could gentlemen expect that i
men acting here as practical legislators, earnestly ,
and honestly endeavoring to carry out a public j
measure, should load it down.with extreme provis- 1
ions, which, as every one knew, would insure the ■
absolute defeat of the bill? And when he sawa free i
soil man ad\ocating these provisions and anxious ;
to ingraft them upon such a bill, he (Mr. S.) was 1
compelled to doubt his sincerity; he was com- '
peiled to doubt whether he wdi sincere in his de- 1
sire that free soil principles should be extended !
west of the Rocky Mountains or upon the shores '
of the Pacigc; he doubted whether he was sincere ,
in his professions, or whether he was not merely .
using tins as an engine to promote his own pohti- :
cal prospects and to build up a party; because, lie
repeated, every practical man knew that a measure >
thus incumbeied with ultra^md obnoxious provis- ,
ions would be defeated — piovisions obnoxious
not only to southern members, but to many mem- !
bers from Lhe North. In the State of Ohio, the
proposition to allow negroes to vote had met with ,
no favor. If had met with none m New York; it
had met with none in Connecticut, where it was
recently submitted to the test of a popular vote.
In his judgment, theie was a "vast difference be-
tween advocating the principle of free soil and ,
advocating thesc"ultra notions, which would place ■
the black race on the same social j^-atform with j
the whites. And he had never bfelievcd that those i
who desned the fiee soil principle to be carried out ,
would advance these propositions, looking as they j
did rather to the disorganization of society than to '
the extension of that great principle. # <
In regard to the abolition of slavery in this Dis- ■
trict, lie entertained no doubt of the power of Con- :
gress. He entertained no doubt of their power to
abolish it at any moment. But whenever Congress 1
should exercise that power (and he would not say |
whether this was or was not the pioper time for ;
its exercise)—whenever Congress should abolish
slavery in this District, they should consult the j
wishes of the people of the District, and should i
make compensation to those, who were the owners
of the slaves held in bondage within its limits.
However anxious he might be to abolish slavery ]
here, he could not sanction the broad and sweep- [
ing proposition which had been made a lew days j
ago by the gentleman from Massachusetts, which
contemplated, at one fell swoop, the repeal of all ;
laws recognizing the relations of master and slave.
Mr. PALFREY rose in explanation, and was
understood to say: all laws of Congress sustaining
the institution of slavery in the Di*tricr. _ !
Mr. SMITH. I understood the proposition of
the gentleman to be, that at one single blow all J
lav/« or enactments sustaining the institution of ^
slavery should be abolished. i
Mr. PALFREY. In the District of Columbia. .
Mr. SMITH continued. He had not, he said, '
applied the remark to anything else. The propo- j
sition was to destroy at once the institution of ;
slavery heie. Before that was done, Congress
^having the power of legislation heie) should in-
quire whether they had the ri^ht to depnve those r
in.cn who bad invested their all in this pioperty, or
person^, (or whatever if might be called)^and had .
made it available to them as capital—of all that
they possessed, without doing them the simple j
justice of remunerating them. ;
I thought Congress had not the right to ao so.
They had the same right to do this (as a gentle-
man from Ohio near him suggested) as they would
have to repeal the law which gave that gentleman
a title to his land. There might, indeed, be some
great public necessity which lequired Congress to
change existing relations; hut when they did this, '
they must at the same, time do justice to the put ties.
They could not sacrifice private rights. ^Independ-
ent of the question, whether the law of God rec-
ognized propeity in slaves or not, the municipal
relations by which we had been bound lrom the
organization of the Government had ueciaied tnat
slaves should be regarded as property, and indi-
viduals had vested their capital in n. If> therefore,
Congress destroyed that institution, he_ would at
least open the public treasury until jv*sUce^ should
have been done to those individuals thus divested
of that which the laws recognized as property*,
and if necessary, he was willing to impose upon
his constituents whatever taxation might be neces-
sary to do this act of justice.
He hoped that the vote would be reconsidered.
He hoped that the House would take away the
preamble from the resolution, and would put the
; resolution itself in such a form as would lead
to practical results, and accomplish the object
which gentlemen had in view.
Mr. SAWYER said he had beard this question
: discussed from time to time, and by one gentleman
. after another, until it would really seem that there
! was no other subject could be discussed in this
! Hall but negro slavery. Nearly half of the session
: had already passed away. There were on the cal-
! endar some seven hundred private bills yet to be
| actcd upon, and petitions were coming here daily,
I asking that Congress would legislate on such mat-
ters. fn addition to this, there were some one
hundred and fifty or two hundred general laws 011
the calendar, and yet from morning to night, and
from week to week, nothing was talked of here,
and nothing could get a hearing, that did not relate
to neeroes or negro slavery.
Now, he would appeal to the good sense of the
House, he would appeal to the patriotism of gentle-
men here—to every consideration that was sacred
in their minds in respect to the welfare and interests
of the nation—to abandon this infamous manner of
, legislation, for such he must call it. He meant
; not to cast a confute upon the House; but he must
I say, that a question had been agitated here for
1 some time which the House ought to have done
; with: it was one about which his constituents
i cared nothing; there were other subjects far more
; important and interesting to them. The House
1 was spending its time, day after day, to no prac-
tical good, arguing abstract questions; and certain
' gentlemen seemed to aspire to nothing more than
raising questions which must embarrass other gen-
tlemen in the votes which they were to give. He 
for one, would experience no embarrassment from
this-source. IIis constituents well knew this.
They would not require him to give his vote, un-
less upon some tangible and practical proposition.
The session, he had said, was about half over.
They had now a vast amount of public business?
to attend to. The people were suffering. All
1 around, the voice of warning was heard. The
• cholera v/as approaching. Before one week, he
| predicted, it would be amongst us; and, in his
■ judgment, if it should come, Congress could not
' "be kept together one week afterwards. _
1 He would ash gentlemen to loolt seriously into
! this matter; to proceed to the despatch of the pub-
I lie business, and to let this abominable thing of
! negroes and negro slavery alone, lhe people sent
' them here to do no such business. How was it
! with his own constituents, and with the constitu-
1 ents of other gentlemen here? There were ques-
! tions in which their interests were much more
deeply involved, and which ought to receive their
1 attention.
The course pursued here reminded him of all
anecdote which he bad heard of a little boy, who
went to a woman in his neighborhood, to get her
to patch his pantaloons. The boy was like the mill
boy of the slashea, when he \vevH to the lYull with
his ba  of corn, and the streamers hanging out be-
hind. The woman asked him why his mother did
' not put the patch on for him. "Why," he said,
1 "she is busy at a sewing society, making clothes
to be sent to the Greeks." "Well," lephedthe
i woman, ask your mother to come home and
1 attend to her own household, and then, if she has
, tune, she can attend to the Greeks."
Mr. S. proceeded to apply this anecdote to the
! case of hi* nun people, urging Lhe necessity, on
the part of Congress, of adopting proper measures
for the advancement of their interests, and for the
■ benefit of the laboring classes throughout the coun-
try "TheGreeks," as Jolm Randolph had said,
I " woie at our doors." Let Congress legislate first
: for those whom the Constitution of the country
1 had intrusted to their charge. J hen it would be
! tine enough to let our sympathies run out after
this Week population, that lived thousands of miles
! awoy.a.idVno were not interfering v.nn his or his
constituents' . ,
! He declared, in the presence ot tne House and
his constituents, that the course that tins House
was pursuing was degrading to its character. And
when thousands of others were sulleiing trom the
■ fact that the time of the House was thus consumed
