218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jam U}
nearly thirty years-' standing, and we want no re-
port of a committee upon it.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I am sorry to
trouble the Senate again, but I must say, that I
think no one could state more distinctly than I
have done my disapproval of any measuie having
for us object the mingling of the index to the doc-
uments with the index to the laws. But, no
matter how old the index to the laws may be, the
contract for its continuation must be a new one,
and the question for the Senate to decide is,
whether the public interests would be best pro-
moted by one general contract, or by two particu-
lar contracts.
Mr. TURN EY moved to refer the subject to the
Library Committee.
The question being1 taken on this motion—
The PRESIDING" OFFICER decided that the
ayes had it.
A division was called for, and on the vote being
taken, eleven voted m the aiiiimative, and sixteen
in the negative.
No quorum having voted, the question was
again put, when the vote stood—ayes 14, noes IS.
So the motion to refer the subject to the Library
Committee was disagreed to.
The question was then taken on the passage of
the resolution, and it was agreed to.
INVALID PENSIONS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, in pursuance of
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
to authorize the payment of invalid pensions in
certain cases.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senate will remember the
case. A bill was passed at the last session giant-
ing a pension to Patrick Walker, who had been
disabled in the service by the loss of both his aims.
The bill granted him a pension for one year only,
in consequence of a suggestion being made that
there was a general bill under consideration in the
House of Repiesentatives, and would probably
become a law, which would provide for all such
ca es. That bill never passed; indeed, there is no
necessity for such a bill, for perhaps there is not
such another case as this to be found. This man
lost both his arms while gallantly fighting the
battles of his country. After losing one arm he
refused to leave his post, but continued serving
the gun at which he was stationed until, by the
loss of the other arm, he became entirely disabled.
He conducted himself most gallantly, and is well
deserving of the bounty of the Government. The
committee has reported a bill for continuing his
pension,and 1 hope it will be passed by the Senate.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the said bill, as in
Committee of the Whole.
No amendment being offered, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate, and ordered to be engiosscd
for a third reading.
The bill was then, by unanimous consent, read
a third time and passed.
DESTRUCTION OF PROPERTY" BY MILITARY
ORDERS. j
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration 1
of the bill for the relief of John P. Baldwin, owner
of the Spanish brig Gil Bias. j
The question pending being upon the engross-
ment of the bill— |
Mr. KING. Is there not an amendment to that
bill ?
PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no amend- 1
ment.
Mr. KING. I certainly was under the impres- '
sion that there was an amendment offered
PRESIDING OFFICER. There was an'
amendment offered, but there is none now pend- ■
ing. The bill will be read for the information of i
the Senate.
The biH having been read by the Secretary— '
Mr. BELL. I was very reluctant to move the
reconsideration of this bill. After a subject has |
undergone discussion for two or three days, it is ;
scarcely pardonable to renew the discussion. I I
was not altogether satisfied, however, with the '
examination that had been given to it; and, re- '
garding the question involved as a very nice and 1
delicate question, I felt authorized to move a re- 1
consideration, that we might examine the facts ,
more minutely; and I must say that I am not vet
satisfied. I forbear to say anything upon the
principle involved in the bill.
Mr. FITZPATRICIC. I do not rise for the
j purpose of discussing the principle, but merely to
I say, that fiom all I have heard m the discussion
! upon this bill, it would seem to me that there is
j some merit m the claim. The main question
! seems to be as to the amount which the individual
! is entitled to claim. There are many things em-
i braced here which are not chargeable to the Gov-
ernment. I am of opinion, however, that the
vessel was destroyed unnecessarily, and that the
amount of the actual loss sustained by the peti-
tioner ought to be granted to him. I move, there-
fore, to strike out all after the enacting clause, and
to insert the following:
j [We did not obtain a copy of this amendment,
i It proposes to stiike our all after the enacting
| clause, and insert a provision directing that the
j memorial be referred to the Secietary of the Navy,
and that he be directed to make such compensa-
tion as he may deem equitable and proper, not
exceeding twelve hundred dollars.]
Mr. WESTCOTT. The only difficulty was
in regard to the amount. I have no objection to the
amendment.
Mr. BRIGHT. We have already had a vote
of the Senate determining that this claim is with-
out merit. After much discussion, and upon a
call of the yeas and nays, the Senate decided that
there was no just reason why this claim should be
paid by the Government. A reconsideration is
moved, and the result is to give to the Secretary of
the Navy the power to allow the claim. I hope
the amendment will not prevail.
The amendment was, upon adivision, negatived
—ayes 12, noes 20.
On motion of Mr. WESTCOTT, the further
consideration of the bill was then postponed.
! CAPTORS OF THE FRIGATE PHILADELPHIA.
| The Senate then proceeded, as in Committee of
! the Whole, to the consideration of the bill for the
relief of the captors of the frigate Philadelphia.
The hill having been read—
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, moved that it be
passed over, on the ground that the Senator who
reported it was not in his seat. The motion was
agreed to.
I WIDOWS OF DECEASED SOLDIERS.
Mr. BORLAND moved that the Senate take up
for consideration the Senate bill to revive a portion
| of the act for the relief of the widows of deceased
i soldiers.
; PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill referred
1 to by the Senator is not on the calendar of private
, bills.
i Mr. BORLAND. It ought to be there, for it is
i emphatically a private bill, though it has applica-
tion to numerous cases.
Mr. BRADBURY. A resolution has been
adofitcd by the Senate appropriating one day in
the week to the consideration of bills upon the pri-
vate calendar. Thus far we have made Intle or
no progress, because, instead of taking up the
calendar and proceeding with the business in the
order which the resolution contemplates, we have
had, on special motion, other private bills taken up
irregularly, or bills of a public character taken up
and discussed. I hope we will followupthespiritof
the resolution, and proceed with the consideration
of the business on the private calendar, in its reg-
ular order. There are some peculiar cases of hard-
ship which have remained untouched, although
favorable reports were made upon them early in
the Ia«:t session; and bills which have passed the
other House have remained upon ourcalendai,
and have not been reached, simply for the reason
that other and debatable bills have been taken up
on special motion. I hope now that we will pro- ,
ceed with the business in its regular order.
Mr. BORLAND. I can assure the gentleman
that this bill can he disposed of in a very short
time. It is one which cannot give rise to any dis-
cussion whatever. The bill was reported at the
last session. It is simply for the extension of a
portion of the act granting pensions to the widows
of deceased soldiers. If it is not on the private
calendar, if ought to be there. It is for the lehef
of a few destitute and infirm widows.
Mr. BRADBURY. I regrpt that I do not feel
at liberty to agree to the request of the honorable
Senator, notwithstanding his assurance that the
bill will only occupy a few moments. Last week
we took up a bill at the instance of an honorable
Senator, which we were assured by him would
not occupy three minutes. The bill, however, not
only occupicd the whole day, but has been up
once or twice since. The bill which the Senator
from Arkansas proposes to take up is a public bill
and that alone is a sufficient answer to the propo-
sition of taking it up. I will go with the Senator
for taking it up to-morrow, and giving it such con-
sideration as its merits demand.
Mr. BORLAND. If the bill should give rise
to debate, 1 will consent that it be postponed.
Mr. BRADBURY. I should have less objec-
tion to the proposition, were it not that I think, if
we commence breaking m upon the rule we have
established, other Senatois who have bills equally
meiitorious will claim the like piivilege.
Mr. FOOTS. I do not see why we may not
take up this bill and act upon it, notwithstanding
the possibility that there may be some debate upon
it. My own opinion is, that those bills which give
rise to no debate ought to have precedence, leaving
those that will occasion debate to be acted on here-
after. But it appears to me that this btil need not
be posponed merely for the purpose of having the
rule strictly observed. If it be found productive
of debate, it may be postponed.
The motion of the Senator from Arkansas was
agreed to.
The bill and amendments having been read—
Mr. NILES desired some further information
in relation to the necessity for passing this bill
from the chairman of the committee from which
the bill was reoorted.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana. I will state
that the committee have received from the depart-
ment a communication giving the number of these
cases. 1 am not at present in possession of that
paper, not beingaware that the bill would be taken
up to-day. I would prefer that it be passed by
until to-morrow.
The further consideration of the bill was accord-
ingly postponed.
EXTENSION OF A PATENT.
The Senate then proceeded, as in Committee of
the Whole, to the consideration of the bill for the
relief of Calvin Emmons, which had been read
twice and referred to the Committee on Patents and
the Patent Office, and reported back with certain
amendments.
Mr. NILES. This appears to me to be rather
an extraordinary application. We are here asked
to renew a patent for seven years by special legis*
lation, without any reasons being assigned why \v6
should grant such extension. It will"be undoubt-
edly in derogation of the common rights of the
community. And the bill,' as I understand it,
makes a partial provision for the assignees, and
only a partial one; for they are to compromise
and to make some further payment, I presume.
Why are we called upon to interfere and to give
rights to the patentee, which are inconsistent with
the rights of the assignees? I am always opposed
to special legislation in such cases as this. The
patentee, when his patent has not been available
to him, from some cause which he cannot control
and without any fault of his own, may always
obtain a renewal m the ordinary way.
Mr. WESTCOTT. As I reported this hill from
the Committee on Patents, it is proper I should
gay a few words m reply to the Senator from Con-
necticut. The report which accompanies the bill
gives the history of the bill; ic states all the facts
in relation to it. I will not detain the Senate by
adverting to everything that is contained in the
report; but if I can have the attention of the Sen-
ator from Connecticut, I will inform him of the
leading facts in the case. The petition was pre-
sented to Congress m 18-15, but, upon Us first pre-
sentation, no action was had upon it. In December,
1845, however, a bill for his relief was reported,
but was not acted upon, ^ In 1846 another bill was
reported, it was read a first and second time, and
nothing further was done. The claim was pre-
sented again in ]tf47, awl in December, 1847, it
was again presented to the Hou.se of RepiesenU-
tives. O/i all those occasions, without exception,
there have been favorable repoits.
A bill passed and was sent up to the Senate,
referred to the Committee on Patents, and they
made a report. The bill, as it came from the
House, granted Emmons an extension of his
patent for fourteen years. The committee struck
out fourteen and inserted seven, and they put in
another provision, that the extension of this patent
by act of Congress should have no other or greater
