1849.
force than if it had been extended under the oper-
ation of'the patent laws, if the extension of this
patent affects any portion of thecountry injuriously,
it is the South, the iice-growingcountry, it may,
perhaps, have some effect upon those portions of
the country where they raise large quantities of
wheat for exportation; but a machine of this kind
is too expensive to be used by small farmeis. its
cost amounts to several thousand dollars. The
evidence in the case shows that Mr. Emmons ap-
plied for an extension of his patent in consequence
of the great cost of the machine. He made his
application to the Commissioner of Patents for a
renewal, but, in consequence of some informality
in his application, and not fiorn any deficiency o'f
roeut, he was unable to piocure it. As i have
already said, if the extension of tins patent will
operate injuriously upon any portion of the coun-
try, it is the South; and among the papers hied in
the case aie letters from many distinguished citi-
zens of ihc South in favor of Mr. Emmons's claim
for an extension.
With respect to the suggestion of the Senator
from Connecticut that this bill makes no provision,
or but partial provision, for the assignees, i regiet
that the Senator has not read the bill caiofuily.
Why, the bill contains moie favorable piovisions
to the lights of assignees than any bill that has
passed the Senate or the House of Representatives
in the last ten years. It is framed with a special
view to protect their rights. The bill pi ovules that
the right to use the auicie shall muie to the pat-
entee upon this condition: that he shall liist en-
deavor to compromise with the assignees, and m
case they cannotagiee, the matter shall be brought
before the circuit court of the United States 111 the
nature of a bill in chancery, in order to settle the
the terms upon which the assignee shall have his ;
privilege extended. Honorable Senators must be ,
aware that theSupreme Court of the United States
has expressly determined 111 the case of Wood- i
ward, and subsequently in the case ol Forsyth and j
Simpson, that 111 case of the renewal of a patent, i
either by the Board of Extension or by Congress, '
the assignee has no right whatever to any exten- ,
sion of I)is privilege. They ha\e determined so m j
several cases, in one of which i was engaged !
as counsel for the defendant. This bill changes i
the policy of that decision of the court, by giving
to the assignee the right to continue the exclusive j
use, if he desires to do so, upon equitable terms, j
I have always been a strenuous advocate for the 1
rights of assignees, and this is the only mode in !
which those rights can be secured, if you say that
that the assignee of a patent right shall be at lib-
erty to use it ad libitum, without any additional
payment to the patentee upon its renewal, theie
is no necessity for a renewal, there is no use in
having a icnewal, the patenue will receive no
benefit from it whatever. I will add one other
observation. This bill is for the benefit of the
widow and heirs of the in\cntor, it is not for his
executors or administiators; it is tor the benefit of
his family, and it is but a just return for the im-
mense value to the community of the invention. ;
It is of incalculable value, especially at the South, i
almost as much so as the cotton gin of Mr. Whit- i
ney, and it is calculated to be of still greater value |]
hereafter. lj
Mr. JNILES. I do not consider that the rights i;
of the assignees are protected by this bill in any ,i
degree whatever. They may have expended large ''
sums of money m the construction of the ma-
chines; and the question is, whether, having pur- j1
chased all the right which the patentee held at the :!
timeofsuch puichase, in regaid to their respective 1
localities, they have not a right to use the patent 'i
without further compensation? Nothing can be
more clear than that they paid for the whole right '
which the patentee had at the time; and when his 1
exclusive piivilege expired, they, having expended |
their money in the expectation of the continued j:
use of the right, ought not to be compelled to re- ii
purchase what they aie already entitled to. I do ':
not hesitate to say, that we have never passed a i
bill like this. We never have passed a bill of this j.
kind without protecting assignees. i;
Mr. PHELPS. 1 am always disposed to favor \ \
any measure for securing to inventors an ample 'f
and fair compensation; but it strikes me that this !|
bill, as it at present stands, is liable to a variety of ;j
objections. I doubt very much whether it will H
carry out the intention which its friends have in j[
view. It is so framed that it is impossible to ap- (j
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
219
ply to it that construction which the court applied
to the law upon the subject of the extension of
patents in 1846. That construction was precisely
this: that an assignee of an exclusive privilege
purchased an inteiest which would endure no
longer than the original term of the patent. But
they went sttll further, and declared that a person
who had acquired the right to use the patent, how-
ever that light might have been acquired, would
retain the right, notwithstanding a renewal might
be obtained. The result of that decision is simply
this: that the renewal of a patent put an end to "the
interest of assignees, except so far as the mere
right to use was concerned, which falls more prop-
erly under the denomination of a license. This bill
proposes to prolong the rights of the assignees
<| beyond their original limitation. I have no ob~
jection to that. The only object of the renewal of
i a patent, however, is to afford compensation to the
.1 patentee. The act of 1846 puts it upon thatgiourid.
!' And his right to the extension of a patent depends
!' upon the contingency whether, in the judgment
j; of the Commissioner, he had or had not already
ii received adequate compensation. If he had not,
| tiien the patent was to be renewed. Cut of what
■ value is it to the inventor if his patent is protected
, only for the benefit of others? The idea that all
, the assignment aie extended and perpetuated by
I the extension of the patent is utterly inconsistent
ij with the very object of the extension of the patent.
!| But 1 believe tins act goes suii fuithei; it pro-
II poses not only to extend the inteiest of the as-
j signee, but to make a new contract. Why not
leave the parties to make their own contract? if
' they aie not ahle to make a contract among them-
; selves, on what principle is it that you are to call
in the aid of the circuit court? And here another
difficulty arises: 1 am not piepared to say whether
;j the court will take upon itself to act in the matter.
! The bill should certainly protect those who have
'j expended money in the erection of machinery in
j the use of the patent, and 1 would therefore sug-
i| gest to the honoiable chairman of the committee
j so to modify it as to have the extension inure to
11 the representatives of the inventor, with the simple :
p modification of protecting the use in such cases
|| and to such extent as it would be protected under
11 the interpretation of the Supreme Court. If the
i bill be so modified, 1 shah have no hesitation in
I voting for it; hut as it at piesent stands, i shouU ■
: vole for it with extreme reluctance.
, Mr. DAVJS, of Massachusetts. The bill is
certainly open to one objection, it proposes not
, only the renewal of the patent, but it proposes to
■ authorize a new specification, which shall coverall
i subsequent improvements that have been made. ■
i It seems to me that every gentleman must peiceive,
| upon the meie suggestion of this fact, that it covers 1
so wide a ground that no one can compiehend ['
| how far it is to go. There is nothing befoie us j,
i to show for what purpose tins extended perrnis- t|
! sion is to be granted. But, without dwelling
: upon this, I recognize all the difficulties which j!
! aie stated by the honoiable Senator fiom Vermont j!
• in regaid to tiiese assignments. We passed a j!
; bill &ome two years ago containing piovisions
! somewhat similar to those which this hill con-jj
j tains, directing that an equitable adjustment should ,
! take place between assignees and inventors; and ,
it has been a source of nothing but legal con- J;
tests between the parties. Whether the couit!j
would take jurisdiction m such cases is not for me T
to say; but what sort of jun^dicuon is it which ■
requnes the court to dictate the terms of u contiact
between individuals r It seems to me to be a very '
exuaoidinaiy duty to be imposed upon the judi
ciai y of tlic count! y. I agiee mainly w ith the prin-
ciple laid down by the Senator from Vermont. 1 ,
have bestowed some little attention upon the sub- !
ject of the inteiest of assignees, and it seems to me to 1
be reasonable that when a patent is renewed, those :;
who have purchased the right to use the patent and
have erected machtneiy, should be protected; and
that when you go so fur as to protect the owner of i
the original patent, saving to the assignees the use :
which they have purchased, you have gone far
enough. The renewal of the patent was never de-
signed to recover territorial claims. And it is no '■
part of our purpose to legislate for those holding
assignments as territorial purchasers. 1 therefore,
without troubling the Senate further, propose to
strike out all after the thirteenth line, and insert
the following:
Provided, That all persons who now enjoy the light to
said patent bhaH be protected in the enjoyment of such
use.
Mr. WESTCOTT. The fprms of the amend-
ment virtually nullify the whole law,and render it
entirely inoperative. The patent has now expired,
and if any person who is using it is to be permitted
to continue in the free use of it, the renewal of the
patent is worth nothing.
Mr. DAVIS. I mean to cover the cases of pur-
chasers who have piepared themselves for its u&e
by the erection of machinery.
Mr. WESTCOTT. The particular cases to
which the Senator alludes would, under the bill,
be the subjects of equitable adjustment, as well as
the cases of persons who hail built machinery
since the patent expired. Such persons would not
be compelled to pay for the use at the same rate at
which a new puichaser would be expected to pay.
|i But this amendment virtually extends the right to
j j use the patent to all persons, and nullifies the
ii whole law. No injustice could accrue to assignees
I by directing that they should secure the continued
i1 use of their rights upon equitable and just piinci-
!i pies, through the intervention of the district courts
j| of the United States; and [ can see no difficulty in
|' referring the matter to the decision of the courts.
, But if this amendment is to be attached to the bill,
i' it lenders it utterly valueless.
ij Mr. BALDWIN. My honorable friend from
i, Vermont is very correct m saying that the bill
would do great injustice to those who have put
'I this invention in operation since the expiration of
the patent, whether they were assignees of the in-
.. vention, or whether they availed themselves of the
common right which the whole community has to
j use tiie invention after the expiration of the patent,
j if we weie now, without such an amendment as
j! has been proposed by the honorable Senator from
!j Massachusetts, to grant the exclusive right to the
ji original patentee to prevent their enjoyment of the
use of the machinery which they may have been at
; great expense in putting in operation. I think, sir,
i that the amendment suggested by the Senator fiom
1 Massachusetts does not go quite farenough. Itpro-
' torts those who are now in the use of the m:\chin-
i ery m the enjoyment of that use; but, sir, to do
entiie justice, it should not only protect those
, who are now in the use of the machinery, but
I it should piotect jtheir assignees. The assignees
of that machinery should also be protected in its
use. This patent expired in 1843. Since that
; time the right to put up this expensive machni-
: ery lu>s been common to all the people of the
United States. The public has paid for this right
: in the exclusive piivilege which has been granted
for fourteen years lo the patentee, and when that
; exclusive privilege expired, eveiy one who felt an
interest in so doing was invited by the Govern-
1 ment to avail himself of the piivilege of using the
invention, which had become common property.
Would we not be doing them great injustice if we
were to allow those peisons who had thus ex-
pended money in the erection of one of these ma-
chines no beneficial use of his machinery, or if we
were to limit to him personally the enjoyment of
it, and prevent him from selling or disposing of it
to assignees, with the privilege of enjoying it in
like manner? I am utterly opposed to granting
the exclusive privilege to use the original patent
after it has become common properly, without
giving full protection to ali existing rights, to those
who have incurred expense in the erection of ma-
chinery, whether such machinery were erected in.
pursuance of <m ongmal agreement with the pat-
entee, or in pursuance of common ris^iit. I move
that the amendment be further amended by adding
the wo! ds "and his assignees thereof."
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I have no ob-
jection to that addition being made to my amend-
ment, although I think it is almost necessarily in-
cluded in the amendment itself.
The amendment as amended was agreed to.
Mr. WESTCOTT. I now move that the bill
be indefinitely postponed; and I do so for the sim-
ple reason that I consider the bill as now amended,
as not of the slightest value to tSie hens of the
patentee or his representatives. If such a piovision
were inserted m every bill, I should of course not
complain on account of its insertion here. It would
effectually stop ail applications to Congiess for the
extension of patents: and, hereafter, duung the
brief period in which I shall continue to be a
member of this body, I shall propose such amend*
ments to every bill of a similar nature.
