220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 11,
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was in-
definitely postponed.
PRIVATE BUSINESS.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the bill for the relief of James P. Seston; which,
after having been amended, was ordered to a third
reading, and was subsequently read a third time
and passed.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the bill for the relief of William M. Blackford,
late charge d 'affaires to the Republic of New Gran-
ada.
On motion, the bill was laid on the table, on the
ground that the case was provided for in the gen-
eral appropriation bill.
The joint resolution for the relief of Ann Chase
was considered m Committee of the Whole, and,
on motion, oidered to lie on the table.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of House bill for the relief of Sarah D. Bingham,
wife of James H. Bingham; which, after having
been amended, was ordered to a third reading, and
was subsequently read a third time, by unanimous
consent, and passed.
DESTRUCTION OF PRIVATE PROPERTY.
The Senate then proceeded to consider, as in
Committee of the Whole, the bill for the relief of
the owners of the schooner Ticonie.
Mr. WESTCOTT. Mr. President, I feel bound
to oppose the passage of this bill; 1 feel bound to
do it, sir, in vindication of the consistency of the
Senate. The rule which has been adopted by the
Senate, in a case of the same character, a short
time since, if adhered to in this ease, and m cases
of a similar character when brought before the
Senate, will piohibit their allowance. The case is
this: Vessels were employed by the army and navy
to carry troops, provisions, and munitions of war
to the coast of Mexico, and land them there. A
short time prior to the attack upon Vera Cruz, it
was thought necessary by certain officers of the
army, inferior subordinate officers, (quartermas-
ters,) to have certain articles landed immediately.
That was one thing thought necessary. It was
thought necessary, also, that the vessel that had
these articles on board should take a particular
position in the haibor, in oider that they might
be speedily landed. The master of the vessel re-
monstrated against the taking of this position,
informing the quartermasters of the army, who
had ordered it to be taken, that in case & norther
came up, the vessel would be lost. But the
quartermayiers forced the captain to take his ves-
sel to his position, and, a norther coming up, the
vessel was lost. Now, sir, payment is applied
for on the ground that this vessel was taken lor
the public service, placed in a perilous situation,
and while in that position lost; and therefore the
United States are bound to indemnify the owneis
of the vessel, thus improperly placed in a position
where it was lost by officers of the army. Now,
I want gentlemen, if they can, to distinguish be-
tween the principle in this case and that involved
in the case of the Gil Bias, destroyed to prevent
its contents falling into the hands of the Indians.
I should like to see my friend from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Walker,] who I perceive is in his seat, dis-
tinguish this case from that. This case proceeds
upon the principle that it was taken for the public
service by United States officers, and that, whether
placed in the position wheie it was destroyed dis-
creetly or indiscreetly, the Government is bound
to indemnify the owners for their loss. I wa3 in
favor of the allowance of this case, when it was
up before the committee, as a matter of justice; I
think now,sir, it ought to be allowed. But I have
no idea of making fish of claims from one section
of the Union and fowl of those from another. I
desire to have justice equally meted out to all. It
was for the purpose of showing that the principle
in both cases is the same that I rose to address the
Senate. *
Mr. WALKER. The gentleman from Florida
calls upon me to distinguish between these two
cases. Taking his word for it, there is no differ-
ence; if there be none, I am opposed to the present
bill. I have not heard the report read, or read 1
any statement of the case. The Senator from !
Floiida chooses to assume that I am in favor of'
this case; but, as 1 before said, resting upon the :i
evidence or statement he has presented, I suppose (1
there is no difference in the two cases. j|
Mr. WESTCOTT. I supposed the Senator
was in favor of the bill.
Mr. BRADBURY. I rise to call for the reading
of the report, and, after that is read, perhaps some
explanation may be necessary from me, 1 having
reported the bill.
The report was read by the Secretary.
Mr. BRADBURY. It is so apparent to all who
will read the report that this claim is just, and the
facts connected with it are so conclusively in favor
of the claim, that I did not expect that a single
individual in the Senate would be disposed to op-
pose its allowance. In consequence, however, of
the remarks of the Senator from Florida, it is per-
haps incumbent upon me to make a brief explana-
tion of the matter. This is a case, sir, where the
property okjndividuals was taken from the control
of the owners, by officers of the United States
army, in time ot war—at the period when the
attack upon Vera Cruz was about being made.
This ship, for the loss of which remuneration is
asked, had a cargo of mules on board, that were
intended for the use of the army in transporting
munitions of war, and at this time—just previous
to the attack upon Vera Cruz—certain officers of
the army, deeming it of the highest impoi tance that
they should be immediately landed, directed the
captain of this vessel to bring it into a position
where that debarkation could be made most speed-
ily. Although they were informed that the position
was such as would expose the vessel to be lost,
they thought that the public interests admitted of
no delay, ana that the landing of these mules
should be effected at any risk. The captain le-
monstrated against placing the vessel in such an
exposed situation, but finally consented, upon the
quartermasteis of the army assuring him that the
vessel, while in that position, should not be at the
risk of the owners.
This, sir, then, is a case which comes clearly
withm the principle recognized and acted upon by
our Government. The vessel was taken posses-
sion of and used by officers of the Government,
and there can be no question as to the order to
take possession being a wise and discreet order.
Nobody doubts that it was an order proper to be
given, and beneficial to the army; and as such—
as the quartermasters have themselves certified—
the claim here presented is one that ought to be
paid. It differs from the case up the other day—
which the Senator from Florida supposes is lost,
but which I believe yet remains tor the future
action of the Senate—inasmuch as this is a case
where the property passed entirely under the con-
trol of our own officers, as has been shown from
their orders, to have the mules immediately landed,
they considering such landing as absolutely neces-
sary in the prosecution of their military opera-
tions. I apprehend it is unnecessary for me to
say more upon the subject, as the case comes
within the pnnciple whicli was recognized by the
Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. "Walker,] and
cannot be objected to upon any principle. The
bill, I am happy to know, met the cordial support
of the honorable Senator from Florida, when be-
foie the committee for examination, he regarding
it as a claim of the justice of which there was no
manner of doubt.
Mr. WALKER. I would inquire of the hon-
orable Senator hom Florida what constitutes the
difference, in his opinion, between this case and
the one before us the other day?
Mr. WESTCOTT. 1 was in favor, Mr. Pres-
ident, of this case, when it was before the commit-
tee, as I stated when last upon the floor, regarding
it as a claim which, upon every consideration of
justice, ought to be allowed. But, sir, if the Senate
are consistent in the application of the principle,
which they set up m the case of the Gil Bias to
all similar cases from different sections of the
country, this claim cannot be allowed, i have no
idea ot letting a case slip through our hands, in-
volving a principle we have established, that will
present inconsistency m our action. Now, when j
the honorable Senator from Wisconsin asks what
constitutes the difteience in this case fiom that
of the Gil Bias, 1 would reply that this is the '
case of a vessel from the State of Maine, lost upon ;
the coast of Mexico, while that was the case of :
a Spanish vessel lost upon the coast of Florida. ;
That is all the difference, sir; the great principle !
involved I consider to be the same. The of- !
ficer in both instances took possession of the I
property, and it was destroyed for the promo- J
tion of the public interests—though I apprehend
indiscreetly, and without sufficient cause. In this
case particularly, the officers who gave the oider
j to place the vessel in the situation in which it was
j almost sure to be lost, were informed of the con-
I sequences; and to my mind there was no necessity
| for placing the vessel in such situation, and there-
| fore they were very censurable in putting it there,
i As I stated when up before, 1 do not wish to be
■ considered as opposing the justice of the claim* I
1 only insist upon the Senate's being consistent'in
j its rules; I have not staled that I should vote
; against this bill; I only desire to impress upon
; Senators that they should be consistent in carrying
; out their rules.
! The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
; third reading, and was subsequently read a third
! time and passed.
! OTHER PRIVATE CLAIMS.
( The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
. of House bill directing the mode of settling the
j claim of Charles G. Rfdgely.
I After a few remarks, the yeas and nays were
demanded on ordering the bill to a third reading,
and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baldwin, Bel!, Bradbury, Dayton. Dnd^e
of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Hannegan, Johnson
of Louisiana, Jones, Mason, Pearce, Phelps, and Sturgeon
—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Athcrton, Breese, Bright, Butler, Cal-
houn, Clarke, Davis ot Mirsiss-ippi, Dickinson, FHeh, Fitz-
gerald, Houston, Hunter, Johnson of Georgia, King, Nilee,
Spruance, Turney, Walker, and Westeott—19.
So the bill was rejected. ^
PIERRE CHOUTEAU.
The Senate then proceeded to consider the bill
for the relief of Pierre Chouteau, Jun., & Co., as
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BELL. I do not think, sir, that there can
be any objection to the pas&age of this bill. It is
not proposed by the Senate committee to make
allowance for the services of the Indian warriors
who served six months in Florida in the army of
the United States; that is a different question from
the one here presented, although my individual
opinion is, that a claim for such services, when
presented, should be paid. This is a different
claim, acknowledged by the chiefs of the nation
who are responsible for its payment, and sent by
them to this Government to-be paid out of a fund
belonging to the tribe, and held in trust by this
Government. Its coriectness is certified by the
headmen and chiefs of the nation. The usual
mode which these Indians pursue in reference
to a claim against them is, to assemble together
in council, investigate the charges made, and,
after settling among themselves the amount that
should be paid, give the claimant a draft upon this
Government for the amount of said claim. The
Indians hold in their memorial, that if the Govern-
ment would do them justice with reference to the
service of one hundred and ninety of their war-
riors m the Florida war for six months, it would
not be necessary to trench upon the fund held in
trust for them by the United States, ana that theie
I would still be a balance due them if the United
| States were to allow for the services of those war-
j riors, and pay out of that allowance the claim here
; presented. But, as I have said befoie, that is a
! different question, not at issue at the present time.
| The claim now before us was presented by the
; chiefs of this tribe of Indians to the Executive
[ Government, to be paid by the Government out
; of the fund due them.
j Now, the only question which might induce the
( Senate to doubt whether-it is expedient to pay
1 this claim, arises under that article of the treaty
j which gives the disposition of this fund in the first
i instance to the Executive of the United States, to
: be used at his discretion. It was upon that ground
i that the Indians in their memorial suggested that
I this claim ought to be paid out of a sum that should
! be allowed for the services of their warriors in the
. Florida war; and that suggestion was taken into
consideration by the Senate committee, but only
in aid ot the general proposition. I will just react
for the satisfaction of the Senate that article of the
treaty of 1831, under which any question that can
be fairly made may arise. It is provided in that
treaty, m the seventh article, that the fund arising
from the sale of the land ceded by that treaty—
land located in the State of Ohio—after certain
deductions and payments made in advance by the
United States out of the proceeds of the sale; I
