222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 11,
unwilling to incur the expense of fifteen dollars
for publishing 1,250 ex'tra copies of a most valu-
able report in relation to the improvement of this
harbor.
The commerce of the harbor of Buffalo was
connected, at that point, with a canal which had
cost the State more than twenty millions of dol-
lars, and from which was collected, at the collect-
or's office in Buffalo alone, in the year 1847, for
the tolls of that year, the large sum of $1,216,243
47; while the net revenue from customs in all the
States south of Mason and Dixon's line, for the
year ending June 30,1847, was only §1,837,764 82,
and in Geoigia only %35,6l0 42.
The gentleman from Georgia appeared not to
understand the location of the harbor of Buffalo.
To show the gentleman wheie it was situated, he
had brought a map, which accompanied a report
of iiis colleague, the honorable chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs. By this map it
appeared that Buffalo was situated on Lake Erie;
and the House would see that it was at the foot of
a steamboat navigation exceeding one thousand
miles by the most direct route, through lakes
having more than two thousand seven hundied
milts of coast. By a short portage these lakes
were connccted with Lake Superior, which had a
coast a thousand miles m extent, and by a ship
canal from Chicago, and canals and railroads from
other points, they were connected with the tribu-
taries of the Mississippi, and through those tribu-
taries, with that great and mighty tiver.
Tluslocation of Buffalo was therefore established
by Georgian authority. This map, made by his
colleague, he thought, ought to convince the gentle-
man from Geoigia that tins was the conect loca-
tion, and that most of the cununeice of six States,
which would soon be six of the must productive
States of the Union, centeied in this harbor: and
for printing a valuable repoit upon such a harbor,
he doubted not the House, and even the gentleman
from Georgia, would be willing to sanction the ex-
penditure of a sum much exceeding the paltry sum
of fifteen dollars.
He had applied, personally, to the gentleman
from Georgia, m reference to his opposition to this
resolution, and had be'fcn told his opposition was
caused by his determination to economize in the
expenditures of Congress. He was sorry that the
economical spasms of the gentleman had occurred
while this particular resolution, involving so paltry
an expenditure, was before the House. If the
gentleman desned an economical reform, he would
endeavor to direct hjd attention to a subject worthy
the efforts of a gentleman of his gigantic intellect.
We had a Post Office Department, from which
statements were made or piocuied, at the last
session of Congivss, which showed that the cost
of the tianspoi tation of the mail in the State ol
New Yuik, for the year ending June 30, 1647,
was £229,307, and that the net revenues fiom
postage paid in that State, diu mg the same period,
amounted to £494,7,36 51. The :>ame sources of
information would show the gentleman that the
co^t of transportation in Georgia, dunng the same
period, was £153,001, and the net revenues from
postages only ^55,858 90. Yet the last session
established new post routes in Georgia, for which
he voted, and should do so again. He did not
desne to object to these dispropomons, or to
seek to have them abrogated, lor the benefits. of
neaily every appropilation and expendittue weie
unequally distributed; but he thought that com-
mon justice and common generosity required that
the gentleman from Georgia should not object with
such energy to the expenditure of #15, in reianon
to such a harbor as Buifalo, because he alleged
that his own constituents were not interested m
the expenditure. The gentleman opposed this
expenditure, and he opposed the printing of the
extra copies of the Patent report; and if he recol-
lected aught, the gentleman had said on both oc-
casions, that he should rather vote for buying
Webster's Spelling Books and the New Testament
for distribution among his constituents.
Mr. CONGEli here suggested to his colleague,
[Mr. Hall,} that the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Toombs,] m his remarks opposing the punt-
ing of the report of the Commissioner of Patents,
named also Comic Almanacs.
Mr. HALL proceeded. He presumed the gen-
tleman from Georgia and himself, in 1 elation to 1
these questions, desned to consult the best inter- (
ests of their constituents. If there, had been any I
alarming want of these useful publications in his
(Mr. H.'s) district, he should have"been most
anxious to supply their most pressing need; and
that if this resolution and his amendment passed,
he would propose to give the gentleman from
Georgia and his constituents the fan* share of the
benefit of the expenditure. The gentleman, in
case the resolution as proposed to be amended
should pass, would be entitled to four copies of the
report in question; and he proposed to take them,
and to procure for the gentleman, in exchange, two
copies of Webster's Spelling Book,and two copies
of the Testament, for the benefit of his constitu-
ents; and to make the proposition entirely accep-
table, he would endeavor to procure, and throw in
a copy of Morse's School Geogiaphy and Alias.
Mr. H. said he had prepared himself with other
statistics, in reference to this question, but they
might appear to be sectional m their character, and
he was the last man in the House who would
willingly volunteer anything which might seem to
increase the sectional feelings which, he was sorry
to say, existed in this House. He should, there-
fore, not refer to them; but, believing that he had
said enough to insuie the passage of the resolution
and amendment, and believing that the best re-
trenchment in tins House would be m the unneces-
sary length of speeches, and the best, economy the
economy of time, he would yield the"floor, that the
question might be taken on the amendment and
resolution.
Mr. HALL, in the course of his remarks, yield-
ed the floor to his colleague, [Mr. Conger,] who
made the following explanation:
Mr. CONGER said: 1 desire my colleague to
allow me to bay a word on this subject, out of ins
time, as 1 shall have no other oppoitumty, unless
1 should happen to be foilunate m my attempt to
obtain the floor.
It was said by the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Toombs,] who, the other day, opposed tnis
leport, that tlieie had been gross and flagrant
abuse in the action of the Committee on Punting,
at the present as well as the last session of Con-
giess, m recommending the printing ol large and
extravagant numbeis of documents. Now, it so
happens that the two notable attempts which have
been made in this House to reduce the punting
recommended by the committee have been put
forth on propositions involving an expendituie m
the aggregate ot less than forty dolkus. The first
attempt at letrenchmg what the gentleman fiom
Georgia [Mr. Toombs] is pleased to call extrava-
gant and infamous auuses, made at tiie last session,
was upon a repoit m favor of punting extra copies,
; where the whole amount of expenditure involved
j was only twenty-thiee dollars! The next instance
I is the violent opposition of the gentleman Irom
Georgia on the lepou now under consideration,
the adoption of which will involve an expenditure
of fifteen dollars!
Now, if gentlemen are desirous of becoming
reformers, and making an effort m good faith to
lefreneh expenditures in priming, why do they
confine their opposition to propositions involving
comparatively insignificant amounts? Why do
they not allow their voice to be heard when it is
pioposed to make large draughts upon the treas-
ury? If the gentleman from Georgia is alarmed
at the magmtuueto which he says tins abuse has
grown, why does he not seek to retrench when
thousands aie involved, and not so timal a sum?
Why did he not oppose the extravagance incuned
by the motion to print the large number of the
President's message and the accompanying docu-
ments, made in the House, when the lefeience of
the resolution to the Committee on Printing (where,
in accordance with the provisions of the law under
which the printing is executed, it should go) was
refused? Why did he not oppose the priming of
a very large number of extra copies of the report
of the Secretary of the Treasury, a motion for
which was also made in the House, and not by the
committee? Why did lie not oppose the printing
of extra copies ot the report of the same oriicer in
relation to receipts and expenditures, which the
House did not see fit to refer to the committee,
and which they had nothing to do with? Why
did he not go for retienchment on the motion to j
punt extra copies of the Land Office repoit, and !
the ieport of the Supenntendent ot the Coast Sur- j
vey, both ordered by tfie House, without any ie- '
poit from the committee? in all these cases, large |
amounts were involved, and good opportunity was [
offered for gentlemen, who are now shocked at the
expenditure of fifteen dollars, to prove themselves
faithful guardians of the treasury. But not a .word
is heard when there is a chance to save thousands
to the treasury. At the last session, the gentleman
from Georgia, I believe, went for the printing of
a large number of extra copies of the document
known as the War Correspondence—a document
which, in my judgment, was of as little import-
ance to be sent forth to the country as any we
have ever punted, and the printing of which, as
the chairman of the Committee on Punting, 1 op-
posed. If the gentleman is opposed to punting
books for the country, why did he not endeavor
to save the expense of this publication, which
amounted to several thousand dollars ? If gentle-
men are really in favor of reforming the action of
the committee or the House m priming too largely,
let them make the effort when it will tell on the
treasury to the saving of something more than a
few paltry farthings. There are opportunities for
saving thousands of dollars on a single document,
if we print too much.
But 1 will not abuse the indulgence of my col-
league by entering at length into this discussion.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, said that he
had not taken the floor with any desire or inten-
tion to protract this discussion; but that, as a mem-
ber of the Committee on Printing, whose course
had been referred to, it was proper that he should
not suffer the occasion to pass without making a
few reinaiks. He did not propose to expend any
ot the time of the House upon the extravagant
and profligate expenditure of fifteen dollars, in-
volved m the printing of tne copies of this report;
nor did he intend to take part in the discussion of
the point whether comic almanacs suited the lit-
erature of the constituents of the gentleman fiom
Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] or whether the Bible suited
their iehgion or their lack of religion. He cared as
little for these matters as he did tor the fact whether
the gentleman from New York, [Mr.Hall,] from
i his local position, was interested m having tins
; repoit printed or not. He desired simply to state
' the facts connected with this contemplated appro-
priation, and then to proceed to lay before the
j House some facts concerning the system of public
| printing, as it now existed, and as n was now con-
ducted.
The proposition was to print one thousand copies
of the ieport of a survey of the harbor of Buffalo—
not because it would be an accommodation to the
gentleman who represented the city of Buffalo, but
j because the Committee on Printing supposed that
| a report made by the competent officer of the Topo-
| graphical Engmeeis upon the subject, wasa matter
j upon which the country might desire to be cor-
; rectiy informed. With that view, the printing was
| recommended, and not for the purpose, as he nn-
| derstood it, ofgivmg to thegentlernan who represent-
j ed the distuct any particular favor by a report le-
i lating to a local or personal subject. Toe connection
j of this harbor of Buffalo with -the lake commeice
: and marine of Iowa, Wisconsin, Miriesota, and
Canada,and us importance m reference to military
| and naval purposes, seemed in the judgment of the
I committee, to justify the appropriation they had
| recommended, without reference to what might be
j supposed to be a proposition to favor a particular
j item in a system of internal improvements.
! It seemed to him that the gentleman from Geor-
' gia [Mr. Toombs] had been suddenly seized with
j an enthusiastic desire for reform m relation to this
I expenditure of fifteen dollars. It might be all
j allowable; probably it was laudable. But the gen-
; licman seemed to imagine that the Committee on
j Punting had been egregiousiy extravagant m their
; recommendations for the printing of extra nuin-
bors of public documents.
!! Now, without desiring to evince any very rabid
;; desire for retrenchment, he would inquire, what
!i were the expenditures under the old system com-
j; pared with those which were now made for the
!i execution of the public printing?
! The gentleman from Georgia was correct in one
i point—lie was correct m supposing that there had
l been moic punting done during the last session
1 and during this—to the extent to which this session
! had gone—than was probably ever bcfoi e executed
for any previous Congress, or probably would be
requued for any fulme Congress. That fact had
; resulted necessarily from the increased army anu
j navy operations, from the diplomatic coi respond-
1 ence, and all the detailed operations of the events
