1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
223
and occurrences connected with the Mcxican war,
and with the acquisition of New Mexico and Cal-
ifornia. To this cause was to he added the natural
increase of the business of the country with the
population and progress of the country. Yet,
even under this additional and proper increase,
how did the facts stand in relation to the expendi-
tures ? Mr. T. read the following statements:
Comparative statement of the prices oj Ritchie §' Hehs and
iVcndcU I'an Ucitlhutfucn.
Number of
Number of 'Pi ices, of Wen-
Puce- of
pages.
copies.
dell & Van
Kit'-lfie &
Beuthuyscn.
IJcl'ss.
Documentol 2.
i,;?33
$tl 73
.^4 71
J)o -1.
;">35
3 4t>
9 4-2
I) ) ... 100
j .y &
?6 JO
2H.) o'l
D.)...J30.
10 w);)
4^i o: 
],3*0 ."6
Do .. .LJyt).
16..i io
5 9-27 27
!G,b2j 0G
Do..l,ic4.
'dd^io
iy,-jai zo
41,8 io 3d
19;7t'4 71
fiO,} >1 }*3
bJ.lBi 71
10,^7 12
Showing a difieienCe of .-ixty >evcn per ct nt.
Wendell is. Vim iienil'ujserrs biJf foi the <'0ih
1-t se^mii, amounts to  ^'101.632 00
Ritchie & lit i->>- In!), lor ihe -ame woik,
would liave been  307.975 03
Showing a saving undei the present contract,
to G(>\einment, of  206,313 00
Undej price-* paid to G i!es & Senton, for the pi ninny of
the 27th Con<>re;—, tin* above \\ oik would ]i.av co-.t $441,1121; j
showing a saving fiom their prices ot ;
This statement, Mr. T. said, was believed to be
correct; but, being; no practical printer himself, he
had icliedon the officer of the committee, who pre-
pared it, Tie did not pietend, upon printing, upon '<
points of order, speeches upon filteen-doUar ap- |
propriations, and such like things, to be eminently i
able to gain newspaper eclat, [
Mr. T. next read the following: j
Exti act from the. sfrrfrmntt of the public printers. '
1. The amount received by u>< for the printing now coin- i
pletc d, is $101,032 1
At the pri< e- r« eeivcd by lUes.-is. Rii( hie ScHei^s*,
tlie co-t would !uvo been  307,973 ^
At the pi ices received b\ Me-srs. Uales & Beaton, j
the co-t wnutd have Ix-en   441,921
ynowinir «i difference or .^203.3-13 fiom Messrs. Ritchie 6c i
Heir's puce.-, and <^340/289 tionj tho>e of Gale- &
Seaion.
Mr. T. said that this table was furnished, or at -
least handed to him, as a statement believed to be
correct by the proper oJicei of the committee; per- ;
sonaliy he had no doubt of its accuracy,
Mr. T. then read the following:
27tii cogrebs—Gale-' &. Seaton .^1^9,rn2 05
22tii Congress—Ritchie Sc lleise,.
I." 7,b71 :.'0
1 i.d/£j 52
These statements, Mr. T. said, were furnished
by the Clerk of the House, and were believed to
be correct. *
This exhibit showed that under the former sys- .
tern, the rates weie tiiple or quadruple more than
those paid under the present contract system. ,
When Mr. T. read that portion of these tables ,
which set down the amount paid for the punting i
of the first session of the present Congress at 1
$10] ,63*3— ' i
Mr. fcjCHENCTC rose to inquire of the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Thompson1-] whether |
this sum of fr](il,000 included documents which !
had not yet been delivered—for example, the Pa-
tent Office repoi t ?
Mr. THOMPSON. I presume it includes every-
thing.
Mr. SCHENCK said that the gentleman did
not seem to understand his inquiry. He desned
to know whether the documents which had been
ordered to be printed, but which had not yet been
delivered, were included in the sum for which bills
had been rendered ?
Mr. THOMPSON replied, that by the law and
the action of the committee documents were never
paid for until deiiveied to the binder—the delivery
to the binder bcina considered a delivery, under the
contract, fiom the prmttii. As to the taidiness of
the worlv, or the amount of it accumulated on hand
and unpei formed, the gentleman knew as much as
he (Air. T.) did.
Mr. SCHENCK said that ho did not know
whether this contract system was likely to benefit
he country or not.
He, for one, was anxious it should be adopted.
But he would say, that the punting had been
worse done, and more slowly done, since the adop-
tion of that system, than it had ever been done
before. A great proportion of the work had, he
■ thought, been miserable in point of style, and had
been executed so slowly as almost to amount to a
denial of the execution of the order of the House.
A portion of the Patent Office report had not yet
been delivered. Could the gentleman tell him
: whether the charge for the whole ninety thousand
, copies of that report which had been ordeied to be
, printed were included in this sum?
Mr. THOMPSON said he hud no doubt they
, were included in this account; but not having the
accounts before him, he could not positively say.
Mr. SCHENOK then suggested that this was
the eleventh of January, and they had not yet
seen the copies which were oidered to be printed
of the President's message with the accompany-
ing documents.
Mr. HENLEY asked the gentleman to yield
the floor to allow him to say a few woids.
Mr. T. having yielded—
1 Mr. HENLEY .said that he understood the gen-
tleman to say, that the piinting had been done not
; near so well, and much more slowly under the
contract sys'em than foimerly.
1 Mr. SCHENC1£. Such was my impression.
Mr. HENLEY said, that so far as concerned the
character of the printing, he admitted that it had
' not been quite so we'll done, nor upon as good
paper, as it was done by Bhur and Rives, not quite
as good as by Ritchie and Hetss, nor so good as
by Gales and Seaton.
But the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Thomp-
son] had gone on to show that sixty-seven per
cent, had been saved on the piiceof the piinting.
The contract system was now in its infancy. It
had so far succeeded well; and if continued, it
would continue to do so. It had been done about
fifty per cent, cheaper than before.
In relation to the amount of printing, he wished ■
to state a fact, for which he held himself respon-
sible. The printing was now being done twenty-
five per cent, more expeditiously than it ever had .
been done smcc the year ldl9 by any one else.
Gentlemen could look into the fact, and they wouid
find it to be so.
Hewould also refer to another point. An opinion
seemed to prevail here that the committee had been
extravagant in reporting in favor of punting large
numbers of documents. The charge had been
thrown into his teeth by those whom he supposed
would be called his friends—sometimes tauntingly
and insultingly—that the committee had been ex-
travagant, and neglectful of the public inteiests.
Mr. SCHENCK said he was not one of those
who made complaints against the committee. His
objections lay against the woiking of the system.
Mr. HEN LEV" said he had not referred to the
gentleman. He (Mr. H ) was not afraid of the ,
responsibility which attached to him as a member j
of any committee. But he was unwilling that
these wholesale charges of profligacy and disregard '
of the interests of the country in reference to the ■
public treasury in the discharge of Us dudes, ;
should be brought against the committee. The 1
committee hod made eveiy chert at reform. In !
almost every instance where the <ommittec had :
endeavored to cat down the amount of piinting, 1
the House had ovenuled them, and in some
instances by the \oti vs of tho^e very gentlemen who
were now abusing the committee for extravagance.
He had felt that great injustice had been done to
the committee, and in some instances almost in-
tentionally. He hoped that the attention of the
House would in futui e he drawn more particularly
to these nuittcis, and that when the committee
again reported in favor of leducmg the number of
documents, they would not be ovenuleu by this
House, and then taunted with extravagance.
Mr. THOMPSON now resumed theiloor. The
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Henley] seemed to
speak with some warmth on this matter; for his
own part, he feitnoiie. It was true, as he had stated,
that more printing had been done than at any
former period, because the interests of the country-
required it. JJut it had been done not by the order
of the committee, but ol the Hou«e. By the law
of 1846, it was made the duty of the committee to
report the cost and their opinion upon the proprie-
ty of printing extra copies, The matter was always
settled by the House, not by the committee. The
;j recommendation of that committee went only for
I v hat it was supposed to be worth as coming from
i a committee of this body. It was always in the
I power of the House to control the number and
j extent of the documents that should he printed.
ji As to die Patent Office report, (which had been
;j referred to by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
; Henley,]) it was an agricultural paper, suited to
: farmers. Commerce, by coast suiveys, astronomi-
calobservations,and such things, was fostered and
" promoted. Manufactures, also, by law, and by
j the publication of everything to promote their in-
, terests, were countenanced. Were not farmers
the great basis and substratum of society? Though
remotely benefited by that which aided commerce
: and manufactures, surely we should not object that
. farmers should sometimes come in contact with,
; or have cognizance of the existence of a Federal
j; Government, beyond the occasional receipt of a
:; letter through the post office. They contributed
; to the support of that Government, and had a light
at least to sonic of its benefits.
:i But a word upon the charge of extravagance
against the committee. How was that committee
constituted, and how did it act? Last year, as now,
m tins House, the gentleman from New York,
, [Mr. Coxgkr,] the gentleman fiom Indiana, [Mr.
■ Hr-XLEY,] and himself, composed it. In the 5Sen-
ate, iVle.-.srs. Cameron, Bradbury, and Grf.e>j,
constituted it; and now, Messrs. Underwood,
C vmcro.v, and J oiinson. This, except upon the
■ point of extra printing for each House, was the
1 Joint Committee on Punting. But for the better
understanding of the matter, lie would read the
law. It was as follows:
i " Sfc. 2. Jlwl be it faither resolved) That a committee,
1' consisting of three member* ot the fctenatu and Urn e ineni-
, bus oi the Hou>-e ul Kepi taenianves, shall be cho.-en by their
respective Uou-es winch shall constitute a committee on •
punting, vv Inch «h<ill have power to adopt Mich nica^uus as
1 niay In: dceiiicd nece-s;u> to icinrdv any neglect or delay
on rim pju t or'the contract"!a to execute tin- -uoik. OiUeied
; by Couuic.-s, am! to iriake a pro rata reduction id fli<j coju-
! pi'nscttion allowed, ot to refuse the wo k altogether.-Imuld
it bo Jiifenoi lothe j-tainiaul; and in all (mm1- the eonii.ii ior
and Ins m < urine-, -shall he m^ponsible for any ineioa-ed ex-
pend! two con-eijuent upon Lin non-pei formanrc o[ tlie con-
nact The commiiteo vjiall audit and pa-- upon .ill a< t ounts
lor printmi;; hut no bill .4>uil be acted up  n lot wink ih-itis
: not ,u-iiia!ly c\u*nted and dehvcied, and winch they may
| itqmre to be piopei ly authenticated.
'•Hrr. 3. !>c il juither resolved. That all motions to
print extra nuiuber-j ot an\ hill, paper, or document, in
eiih'T ilou-e, '.hall hf; re'eried to the nieinbeis ot the con)-
imtiiM- oi that Finn >'•, who -hall lepoit upon the piopuctj of
piiutimr, and the piobablo (xpciisf. tin icof, as e.uk a-> con-
vnumt. And all expends lor niintiinz -hail be paal nom
the cmtinii'-'iit fund of tin two Houses, in piopoition io tlie
■1 nuuiboi of copies ordeied by each, except the expense of
I coinpo-inori, winch shall be paid by tne Home u hu ii bliall
j have fh-t oiden d the printing oi the paper or document;
and if theie -hall be a second composition, it -hall be paid
II for f>y the Ilou-e which j-hall auihoti/a* and dirt 11 ihe same ;
i find when evti.i copies of any document at paper shall b«
J ordeied b.\' both Houses, the> >hail tie delivered to the two
[ IJonses biniult.uieom-h, in piopoition to the number Ot'
! cepie- by fhem irsperuvely ord< led.
I '-riK;, 4, And be it further ie-o!ved, That all laws and
! pii t>? ot' l;uv. now in for< es not in confojrnity uith the pio-
i \i-jon- of tin-joint re.-oluiion, be, arid the same ate licit by,
; icpcaled.
I Approved August '3, 1^43."
j This contract system now ill existence was en-
' acted to withdraw from the great metropolitan
' press? here in fa\or wilh the party m power for the
tune being a part of that patronage, upon which
it battened. The Executive printing, (the piess
bem^ the oigan of us party,) was suJfieicnt to up-
hold a wutthy picas. The Congressional printing
superadded, wa-s only calculated to devote the press
to a pai ty, not to the counti y, to principle, ot e\ en
to propriety.
It wa=; true, the "Whig party was now in power.
| lie would, if it could be consistently done, give
1 every cncouiagement to the " Intelligencer"—a
most prudent, patnotic, conservative, and if not
always right, always dignified and able paper—all
'! the countenance and ennousagement that long ser-
, vice and honest, patnotic efforts deserved.
The fault of the law was not the fault of the
, committee. The committee had reseived five per
I cent, on all work done, that the House or the
. committee might eventually enfoiee the contract,
j according to the law of retainer provided fur.
■; The committee never, that he remembered, when
! one House ordrred printing, and the type had
'I been distributed, ordered a second iompo.-nion.
' The House often ordered extra printing without
refennig it to the committee—often ovenuled the
1 committee. The law, peihaps, though it stood as
law, being a mere regulation of the rules of pro-
