2-24
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan, 11.
ceeding of the House, he would not say was ]
obligatory; and that, as such, it had been disre-
garded by the Speaker and the House by ordering
extra copies over the head of the committee, with-
out the reference contemplated by the law.
The inferior work or paper he did not defend.
A new system, or economical system, deserved a
fair ttial; and the committee desired also a fair
judgment.
The House, and not the committee, on a new
and untried system, (but an economical one,)
were, if there be blame, reprehensible. The great
principles of public policy that dictated the sepa-
ration of the public printing from the public press
certainly ought to be feasible; it was practicable.
He was for economy, despatch, creditable execu-
tion and typography, and not for pretended re-
form. . .
He hud been in favor of the proposition of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Ashmun,] to
engage reporters for this House; and he thought
this matter of reporting and printing not here gen-
erally well understood. He did not pretend in
detail to understand all the minutiae connected with
their functions, but he believed that the contractors
for the public printing were zealously and honestly
doing, under low prices and much embarrassment,
their0best to fulfill their contract. He was per-
suaded the committee had attempted diligently to
execute the*law of 1846, and to fulfill their duties.
But it should always be remembered that the
usual number of reports, executive communica-
tions, (being 1,300 or 1,400,) were always printed,
or almost always; and the only grievance that
could well occur, as to the excess of extras, must
be from the negligence of the House, or the fault
of the committee. For his own part, he felt no
pride of opinion whether the system be continued,
or the extra copies printed.
Mr. VINTON moved that the House resolve
itself inio Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. HALL, of New York, asked the gentleman
t.o withdraw the motion, so as to allow the ques-
tion to lie taken upon the resolution.
Mr. VINTON said he had, some days ago, felt
it to be his duty to state to the House the reasons
which would constrain him to urge the appropria-
tion hills to definitive action at as early a day as
possible.
Mr. HALL said that the report was now in
type. He had moved the previous question, but
}md withdiawn it, on the lequcst of the gentleman
fiom Kentucky, [Mr. Thompson,] and with the
understanding that he should renew it.
Mr. VINTON. If we can get the previous
quenion, 1 have no objection to waive my motion.
Mr. HALL thereupon demanded the previous
question.
Mr. HARALSON inquired of the Speaker
whether the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Hall] had the' floor to make the motion?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman had the floor
with the assent of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
VrNTON.]
Mr. HARALSON. I trust, then, that the pre-
vious question will be voted down, and that an
opportunity will be given to my colleague [Mr.
Toombs] to reply to the remarks which have been
made.
Mr. HILLIARD inquired of the CTfair whether
it w&3 in oider to call for the orders of the day?
The SPEAKER said the hour had not yet ex-
pired.
The question was then taken on the demand for
the previous question, ar.d decided in the negative.
So theie was no second.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. VINTON then renewed his motion.
And the question having been taken thereon,and
decided in (he affirmative—
The House again resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Smith,
of Indiana, in the chair.)
The committee, on motion of Mr. Vivton, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill making appro-
priations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of
the Government for the year ending June 30,1850.
Mr. EMBREE was entitled to the floor.
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, rose and desired to call
the attention of the committee and of the House to
the fact, that under existing 3peciai orders made
by the House, it was improbable that, in the reg-
ular order of business, the message of the Presi-
dent could be reached and acted upon during the
present session.
The CHAIRMAN (interposing) said he would
remark 
Mr. COBB said he was merely about to make a
suggestion, and would not detain the committee
more than a moment. He thought that the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means [Mr.
Vinton] and the whole House would see the pro-
priety and necessity of referring the message. It
would not take up much time to dispose of it; and
he appealed to the gentleman to let it be taken up,
so that the resolution referring the message might
be reported to the House, and the message referred
to the appropriate committees for their action,
otherwise the end of the present session would
arnveand the House would adjourn without having
made any reference of it. He presumed that this
was not contemplated by any gentleman.
Mr. VINTON, in reply, said, that at the time
the President's message was last under considera-
tion, the committee was engaged in a debate upon
the tariff—a subject of which they would never
see the end. And it was apparent that the whole
session would pass away without the reference of
the message, if that debate should be continued.
It was his intention, however, on Monday next,
to move that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union be discharged from the consid-
eration of felie message, and that it should be brought
into the House, so that it might be referred. He
thought there was no other way of disposing
of it.
Mr. COBB said he would very cheerfully ac-
quiesce in the suggestion of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Vinton.] He (Mr. C.) hoped that the
motion would be made by the gentleman at that
time, and that the message would be referred
accordingly.
Mr. VINTON. If I can get the floor on Mon-
day, I shall certainly make the motion.
Here the conversation dropped.
The committee then resumed the consideration
of the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill.
The state of the question was this:
The following item being under consideration:
For compensation and mileage of Senators, members of
the House ol Representatives, and Delegates, $.7d8.200.
Mr. EMBREE had moved to amend it by insert-
ing the following:
Provided, That the mileage of members of both Houses of
Congress s-Ii.tll hereafter be chaiged upon [lie shortest mail
loute from their places ol residence, respectively, to the city
of Washington.
And Mr. STEPHENS had moved to amend
the amendment, by striking out the word " short-
est1' and inserting '* usual."
And the pending question was on the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr.EMBR£E resumed the floor, and proceeded
to address the committee.
After a brief introduction, in which he stated
that he had been little accustomed to address pub-
lic assemblies, and therefore that the House need
not expect to be entertained with any displays of
eloquence from him, but that he should only at-
tempt to bring forward some plain arguments, and
present some facts m support of the amendment
which he had a few days since moved. He pro-
ceeded to say, that on the 11th day of last month
he had offered a resolution, which resolution had
been adopted by the House, which was as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means in-
quire into the expediency of adopting a moie economical
system of public e.xpt mhture : Fmt. By reducing the salary
or pay of all officers of Government one-fouith, where the
sal.uy or pav exceed? one thousand dollar* pei annum, and
the Constitution dots not prohibit such reduction. Second,
By estini.itnm tin: mileage of Members of Congiess and
Delegates ol Terntones by the nearest mail mute from the
city of Washington to the post office nearest tne residence
of each Member or Delegate. Third, J3v providing, that
after Congre>  has been m session lor three months during
any Congress, the pay of Members and Delegates shall he
reduced one-half from that time to the close of the ses^on.
And by such other economical provisions as to said com-
mittee may seoui right and expedient: and that said com-
mittee report by bill or otherwise.
He might say, that at the time he had offered
the resolution, he had never* consulted with any
member of the House upon it; in fact, it had been
prepared at the last session of Congress. The
gentleman from New York [understood to be Mr.
Greeley] and himself, it was true, had conferred
in relation to that matter; but this very resolution
had been prepared at the last session, and it had
been offered by him eleven days previous to the
appearance of the expose in the Tribune upon the
subject of mileage.
In what he was about to say, he had no com-
plaint to make against any member of this House
for the mileage he had received; but he had a com-
plaint to make against the law under which the
mileage was allowed; and he regretted that this
matter had been made a peisonal matter.
When the law which was now in force in rela-
tion to mileage was first passed, the mode of trav-
eling from the residences of members of Congress
to Washington was on horseback, by the nearest
and best routes. Since that time, in the general
progress of improvements, the modes of traveling
had been changed, and the usual routes were now
by steamboats, railroads, &c. The river, lake,
ocean, and railroad routes were now adopted, in
lieu of the nearest route by la^d, as was the usage
at the time of the passage of this law. In conse-
quence of the change in the mode of traveling,
resulting from the improvements of the tunes, we
found that the mileage of members of Congress
had been more than doubled, and that without
any change of the law whatever. He thought the
amount of mileage given to members of Congress
was altogether sufficient; was too high at the time
the law was passed; but the sum had oeen doubled,
and it was now certainly too high.
He expected to show that the mileage of mem-
bers of Congress at this time was not only unjust,
but unequal and excessive, and therefore that the
law ought to be amended. For this purpose, he pro-
posed to refer to some calculations which he had
made, and to which he wished the committee to
give their attention, so that they might be dis-
tinctly understood.
Pie would read from a tabular statement, which
he had prepared from the book3 of the Scrgeant-
at-arms, certain plain facts, which would present
m a much stronger light than could be presented by
any lengthened argument, the glaring abuses and
extiavaganc.es which took place from year to year
in the allowance of mileage to members of Congress
under the existing law, and which imperatively
called for a reform.
Mileage and Pay of Members of Cor>gress> for second
session thirtieth Congress.
By reference to the books it will be seen:
I.
That the aggregate amount of mileage received by twenty
membi nfof Congre^> is only %1,919 UO
While the aagrrgtte amount received by twenty
other members is  34,757 00
The average amount for each member of the first
twenty is les-s than  100 CO
While the average received by each of the second
twenty is 7  1)737 ^
Each of the latter receives on an average more
than each of the lormer  1-642 00
The aggregate amount of mileage of ten members
i** only     T24 00
While the a<igie«ate amount of ten others is the
enormous amount of  19 233 Q0
The average received by each of the first ten.... 72 40
The average received by each of the second ten.. 1.92SJ30
The ten latter received twenty-six times as much
as the ten former.
ii. Mileage and per diem.
The average amount of mileage and per diem of twenty tnesn-
b?r> (for the present ses.-ion) is for each about §81(5 QJ
The average amount of mileage and per diem ot
twenty others is about    2.45/ ot>
9 00
l21 1-0
Pay per day of each of the fir«ta little over 
Pay per day of each of the second more than...
Average amount of mileage and per diem of thirty
Representatives and Senators is for each (for
the present session) about  2,52..
Aveiage amount ot thirty others each about  810 _
Or for each of the first more per day (for the pres-
ent session) than  H nn
While for each of the second a little more than..   uu
Average amount of mileage and per diem for four
Senators, lor each about    3,0t)o w
Or more per day (Sunrta>s included) dining the
present session than 
If these Senators received the full amount of books
voted to new membeis, they would receive, tor
33 00
everyday ot the session about.
40 00
The per diem pay of the membeis of each house is eight
dollars; but with the mileage it amounts, for many of them*
to ftom twenty to twenty-fiva dolldis p«r day.
