THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
30th Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, JANUARY 13, 1849.
New Series No. 15.
s
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, desired to ask the
gentleman from Indiana, if the amendment which
he proposed would, m his opinion, reduce these
inequalities in any great degree? whether, in the
gentleman's opinion, after the adoption of his
amendment, inequalities would not still exift?
Mr. EMLSREii said he would answer the gen-
tleman with great pleasure. The amendment which
he (Mr. Kmbree) proposed, would reduce the
mileage of members of Congress more than sixty^
thousand dollars. It went, at least, so far; and it
the gentleman would bring m another proposition
still further to reduce it, he (Mr. Embreb) would
go with him most heartily.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, interposed, and (the
floor beins; yielded) wished to ask the gentleman
from Indiana a single question, tie wished to
know whether the gentleman's amendment applied
to the members of the present Congress5
Mr. EMBREE replied, that he had advocated a
resolution of this character at the last session of
Congress, that would apply to the members of the
present Congress.
Mr. HALL repeated the question: whether the
entleman's amendment did apply to the present
Congress ? And he asked further, if the gentleman
.xpected to be a member of the next Congress-'
[Laughter, and some playful allusions by gentle-
men, in an under tone, to the recent nomination
for Governor of Indiana.]
Mr. EMBREE said he would answer the gen-
tleman with great pleasure. At the time when in
the last Congress he had advocated a proposition
of this kind, he had expected to he a member of
the next Congress, as he had also when be had
offered the amendment which was now under con-
sideration. He did not now know whether lie
should be or not. [a laugh.] That would depend
upon circwnstunccs, [renewed laughter.]
To come back from this digression: he asked if
the facts which he had stated did not show conclu-
sively the necessity of amending the law now m
force relative to mileage. From the facts it ap-
peared that there were twenty members of Congress
who received each >1,737 mileage tor every session
of Congress, and that there were ten who cach
received ^3,923. It appeared, also, (for he need
not further recapitulate the facts,) thrtt there were
thirty Repiesentauves and Senators who received
in per diem and mileage $28 per day during the
present session; and that some (with the books
allowed) received ^40 per day. Now, when the
people supposed that a member of Congress ic-
ceived $8 per day, it was the fact that they re-
ceived from $25 to §40 per day !
Did not these facts show that the law was un-
just? that the pay was enormous? It was, more-
over, very unequal; for while some gentlemen
received (as he had shown) from $25 to $50 per
day, others received but $9 per day, per diem and
mileage.
He wished to be distinctly understood he did not
make this a personal matter; he made no complaints
against anybody. He was afiaid he might have
to when they camc to vote; there might then be
some complaints which he shoulu have to make
and which the people would have to make, if gen-
tlemen did not vote to correct the law. Jt was
against the law that, on the authouty of these
facts, lie now complained; and he called upon gen-
tlemen on this floor to aid in amending the law so
as to make it more equal and more just.
But the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Brown]
had said tins was a "small matter." His (Mr.
"E.'s) amendment would eifect a saving to the Gov-
ernment of more than sixty thousand dollais a
year; and at the time when the chairman of this
committee [Mr. Smith, of Indiana] had been tne
Speaker in the Legislature ot Indiana, the whole
expenses of the State Government of Indiana had
been about fifty thousand dollars; so that, small
affair as it was, his amendment would save to this
Government, every year, more than the entire ex-
penses of the State Government of Indiana. I f the
gentleman from Mississippi called this a small
. matter, his estimates of the value of money were
certainly very different from the estimates which
15
the people in his (Mr. E.'s) section of the country
placed upon it. They certainly would not con-
sider the saving of sixty thousand dollars per year,
i« the item of mileage to members of Congress, a
very small matter.
The gentleman from Mississippi had said,
also, that he would go for any general system
of reform, and the gentleman hsd proposed that
kind of reform which would prevent members of
Congress fiom receiving pay for time when they
were not in attendance upon the sessions of then-
respective Houses. He (Air. E.) would leadily
go with the gentleman for that proposition, when-
ever he would bring it forward. But every species
of reform could not be brought forward in his
(Mr. E.'s) amendment; and the course the gentle-
man took iv.n calculated—whether or not it was
so intended—to defeat every species of reform.
The gentleman'scourseupon tins matter reminded
him (Mr. E.) of the boy who, having to travel one
thousand miles, coneludcu he would not start upon
the journey until his legs had grown long enough
to make the whole distance in one single step.
Now, if the gentleman had waited to be able to
make the distance from his residence to Washing-
ton in one single stride, the country would never
have had the benefit of his able services here; but
he accomplished the journey stage by stage, and
step by step. That was the only way in which
they accomplish any reforms under tins Govern-
ment—step by step, item by item. Let the gen-
tleman from Mississippi go for this amendment,
and, when he introduced the one which lie had
spoken in favor of, he, (Mr. E.,) for one, would
readily go with him in its suppoit.
Cot the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Root] had j
said he had a proposition to make. The offering \
of these various propositions, he (Mr. E.) repeated,
were calculated—whether they were so_ intended j
nr not—to defeat this whole measure. What was
the gentleman's proposition' That members of
Congress, instead of the mileage they now re-
ceived, should be paid by the hour in traveling to
Washington. We had "heard from our boyhood
of premiums upon industry, but lieic was a pie-
mium on laziness or idleness.
Mr. ROOT interposed, and wished the gentle-
man from Indiana to understand his amendment.
He would lead it to the gentleman. It piovMed
that—
In lieu of tin mileage now nllmvct to member of Cnn-
giees, tin rc 'houlil 1>>' hIIohciI to ed< li member doil.us
per liout for tlie time necewuilv con-umed b> Juniintniv-
elni£ by the mo*t eutediuou^ route liom his it-Mden^e to
tin; scot ol Government and back. j
Mr. EMBREE said the operation of that amend- I
rnent would be like the operation of the old law. |
The old law provided that mileage should be
allowed upon the most usually traveled mail-ioute,
and the proposed amendment of the gentleman pro-
vided -that each member should be paid so much
per hour for each hour "necessarily consumed;"
and that time " necessarily consumed'' would in-
crease from year to yecu,as the laziness of the
members and their desire to make moie profitable
their traveling at the expense of the Go\ernnient
increased fiom time to time.
Mr. ROOT, (addiessing Mr. Embrle.) My
amendment ptovtdes that they shall be paid for
the time " necessarily consumed" upon the " mof-t
expeditions route." You cannot get out of it, sir.
[A laugh. 1 ,
Mr. EMBREE. 1 ask the gentleman how he
proposes to fill the blank i
Mr. ROOT was understood to suggest with
" one."
Mr. EMBREE. A dollar an hour for traveling
to Washington 1
As he had the floor on this occasion, (he pro-
ceeded to say,) he would make a few remarks
upon the other bianch of his resolution, (which
had been referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means,) which alluded to general reforms m out
Government.
The next proposition in the resolution was the
reduction of the pay of all officers ot the Govern-
ment one-quarter, when such reduction would not
bring their pay below $1,000. He had but a very
few remarks to make upon this branch of the reso-
lution, as ne had not anticipated speaking upon it
at this time. The salaries of the different officers
of this Government varied from $25,000 to less
than &1.000. Some were $22,500, some §13,000,
some jsfi.OOO, and so on, to less than $1,000. Now,
according to tiie best ol his intomiation and judg-
ment, many of these officers did not earn half
their pay. In the year 1836, an act had been
passed requiring ail the public offices in Washing-
ton to be kept open in the summer ten hours per
day, and in the winter tight hours per day. It was
the duty of the Executive of lias Union to see the
laws executed; but what had been the practice of
the officers of this Government under tuts law?
It positively required thein to keep their offices
open ten houis per day in tne summer; yet during
the last summer the public offices in this city had
not been opened until nine in the morning, and
v.erc closed at three, p. m.; only keening open six
hours—but lutlemnre than halt of the tune required
by the law. And wt.en he and other members of
Congress had gone to the offices out of these six
hours which they saw fit to be tiieie, they had
been obliged to leturn, unable to attend to tile,
business of their constituents, m consequence of
this violation of' the law. Tiie consequence was,
h the first instance, that it gave leisuie time to
these ofieers (who were paid from the public treas-
ury to attend to the public business) to engage
in electioneeung and in partisan and pmate mat-
ters from three m the afternoon till lime o'clock
trie next morning; and the consequence, again,
was, the vast increase of the number of officers
over what would be necessary if the law were ob-
served; for if they only served half the time the
L'uv requiied, as a matter of course twice the num-
ber was required.
These officers, as gentlemen would see, upon
reference to the Blue Book, would receive—some
of them—moie tlnm three dollars for every hour
that they were ill the ofiice. During the balance
of the time, from three o'( lock in the afternoon
until rune o'clock of the next morning—as was the
c -so during the last Presidential canvass.—some of
them were engaged m directing documents or in
writing humbug anieles for the "Union," or
some other newspaper. The law required that
they should iabor, during the summer, ten hours
s day; they had only labored six, and the other
four hours they had spent m electioneering. Every
gentleman who had been a member of this House
during the last session knew these facts to be as
be had stated them.
Now, we saw the fruits of this violation of law;
they helped to build up a party, and to secure the
distribution of the spoils among the paitisans of
the Administration. At the last session, Congress
hud beto called upon to give some two hundied
other officers to the Government. He, for one,
had opposed it. He had opposed it then upon the
same ground which he took now. He would
require the officers of this Government to work up
to the provisions of ibe iaw; he would require
them to keep their offices open during the number
of hours reotl;ired by the law.
But his time was fast running out; and he
wished, befoie he concluded his remaiks, to refer
to other reasons which existed for the reduction
of the poy of the officers of the Government. High
saiai ios were calculated to eieate and keep alive po-
litical stiife in our country; and he expected to be
able to make th:s fact apparent to the minds ot all
o-ontlemen. We liaiT under our Governmentabout
one bundled thousand officers and employees, and
fo>- everv office there were about four applicants—
til us making a grand total of five hundred thou-
sand oSceis~ f.mfapplicants for offices; and when
vie held out Ibgh premiums in the form of high
salaries to these five bundled thousand applicants
aild officers, we did but stimulate them to invent
oil kinds of humbuggery—to resort to every spe-
cies of e'ecttoneernig—and to take up their time
between one election and another m endeavors to
promote their own interests. Why was this so?
To what other reason eould gentlemen attribute it,
