228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. Ii3
country, and hazarded their lives by warring for i
their country's rights and their country's honor. ||
To such men had "these lands been conveyed; and j
they were deserving of them. He begrudged them !:
not a dollar of- their pay. This was a beautiful f
and beneficent system of ours, for the encourage- ;
ment and support of those who go forth to battle ;
at the call of their country. !
He desired no additional inducements to be of- j
fered to our young men to be soldiers, for the very i
soul of chivalry dwelt in their bosoms. At the I
first blast of war, myriads of swords leaped from ;
their scabbards,and embattled legions poured forth
sn one mighty swelling flood. To the soldier the i
laurel wreath, with its unfading verdure, was a j
high reward. But the distinctions and honors of ■
the country were also his; when he fell in battle,
the country's flag was his shroud, and a nation s
tears bedewed his grave. Should disease cut 1
him down, or wounds disable him, the wife of
his bosom and the children of his love were fos- ;
tered by his country- Should we, then, add the j
continual flow of a stieam of wealth from the i
treasury, and convert ourselves into a nation of j
soldiers making our trade war, and our delight !
carnage5 Should we invoke a military spirit to j
ride with uncontrolled dominion over us? He |
would aeplore such an event. There was not 1
a more beautiful illustration of the efficiency of a j
citizen-soldiery,than that recently presented to our :
view at the close of the Mexican war. There j
were members of both Houses of Congress—some, '
members when the war commenced, and others j
now present before him—who, on the first call of .
the country, abandoned their civic duties and then-
domestic ties, and went forth to the battle-field— 1
who&e gallant hearts bore them on in the tide of
battle, and whose cheeiful voices gave energy to
tin ir gallant followers, and cai ried dismay to their
enemies; and whilst in the full career of their -
miluaty achievements, the last rude blast of war ;
was blown, smiling peace came over the land, and j
immediately the t.de of citizen-soldiers returned 1
home to mingle in the courtesies of civil life, and 1
to be known as soldiers no more—known only in j
the gratitude of their country, and the honoiable
recollection of posterity. Like the drops of water
drawn fioni the eaith by the sun, and borne by
the winds that dnect the clouds till they empty
themselves into the ocean, no artist's skill or
chemist'^ power can distinguish them from the
■waves with which they are mingled. Dut these
(his gallant colleagues, to whom he had referted)
could speak for themselves and the high-toned
spniis which they had led, and he knew they
would say here that the country was not un-
giatelul.
i\nr had (lie soldieis of the Revolution been
neglected. With an impoveiished tie..suiy, their
•wants were at fiist paitidily supplied, and upon
the increase of national wealth, the soldiers, both
regularand mihtia, h.id been pensioned and paid—
the soldteis of* ail our wais, whether wi'h Btitam
or with the savage tribes of this country—as the
land wanants covering the States of Tennessee,
Kentucky, Ohio, and other States, would testify.
They won an empire with their swords, and a
grateful people had, by law, given them their re-
ward in the dominion of the soil. Let not gentle-
men, then, raise this dust m the battle of retrench-
ment. The soldier had never been refused his
claim, and millions had been added as a bounty
for his services.
Ail this, however, he supposed was neees^arv,
in the furmshment iind paraphernalia of a speech
on retrenchment and reform. But, could gentle-
men cxpect that a man, such as should be selected
to represent an enlightened constituency, would be
willing to come here, subject himself to the numer-
ous assaults made upon him by those who were
unscrupulous enough to hazard anything foreifect—
charged with petty larceny upon the treasury for
receiving mileage improperly, and 30 branded in
the newspapers uefoie the whole country,—could
any suppose that such an one would be willing to
endure all this, in addition to his duties as a mem-
ber of Congress, for any mere paltry compensa-
tion r For himself, he felt but little concern for the
first named annoyances. He looked for a more
enduring reputation than that which could be either
given or taken away by paltry editorials, 01 news-
paper puffs, or denunciations of any sort. Pie de-
sired no wieath to entwine his brow which might
bo gathered from such a source. He desired not
to soar in the atmosphere of popular applause on
wings the plumage of which was to be borrowed
from the pens of venal letter-writers. He was in-
sensible alike to censure or approbation coming
from such a source.
But the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Embree]
finds a panacea for these evils which are so alarm-
ing, in proposing to abate one half of the per diem
after the session shall have continued a given num-
ber of days. Does he not recollect that excess
of legislation is the greatest evil under which we
labor?
Mr. EMBREE. With the gentleman's permis-
sion  !
Mr. VENABLE. Certainly, sir.
Mr. EMBREE. Will not this curtail legisla- j
tion bv withholding the pay ? !
Mr.'VENABLE. No, sir,it will make hasty and ;
improvident legislation befoie business is digested |
by'the committees; it will make confusion worse ,
confounded; it will convert tins House into a body j
of wealthy men who can do without pay, and a set i
of hungry ofnce-sceking loafers, who continually ;
look to Executive patronage for their reward. A '
venal House of Representatives and a venal Senate ,
will be the result of such an experiment, make it j
. when you will.
! He thought that a seat in the American Con- j
ij gress ought to be regarded as one of the highest in j
: j the gift of the people. Members, amply and richly j
compensated for their services, would have no m- j
■l ducements to look out of this House for further >
[' honors and rewards. The awful lecoil which this ;
Ij policy of paltry pay would produce in a subsservi- j
![ ent Congress to'Executive will, was truly appal- j
\ ling. Already the influence of Executive patronage j
j was felt, and nothing would make it so absolutely
! irresistible as to place memheis in circumstances ,
. to feel pecuniary pressure, brought on by their
public duties. The heart that never shrunk from
■! danger would sometimes give way before the cor-
j; rodmg anxieties growing out of the unsupplied
wants of those whose comfort he must provide for. ,
ii The firmest nerves had been overcome by this pres- ;
ij sure from without; and public security and the
; interest of the people demand that the temptation ,
ji should not exist.
•! The gentleman from Indiana had also spoken of
jj the franking privilege—of the tons of documents
'1 thus sent by the mails.- But to whom were they
|j sent? To our constituents, They received the
;| benefits. They demanded this labor of their Rep-
rcsentatives. The gentleman was perhaps the only
■1 person in the House who considered it a privilege,
j! It was the greatest labor which a member had to
perform. But it operated most usefully, and gave
I the people the information they desired. Our people
i' were the best inhumed people in the woild upon
' all subjects of public m'erest, because of those fic-
quent communications with their Representatives
'j at the seat of Government. The franking privi-
!' lege was a privilege to the people, but a burden to
the members ofCongress—a burden which he would
j gladly throw oif, but for the necessity which ex-
! ists to meet the demands of the people for mfoima-
tioii. Neither was the complaint well founded
that twelve copies of the CungrtSbionaL Globe and
jjppeadix were given to each member ofCongress.
: It was right. It enabled them to deposite in the
j' most public places m their districts copies of the
legislative and documentary history of the coun-
' try. The people could consult them with facility
'■ and with piofu. No member desired moie th«n
' one copy for himself, and to this he was fully en-
titled. i>ut the time would not allow him to enter
into a full examination of all the systems of le-
!i trenebment and reibim which the gentleman had
proposed. It was so vast and compiehensive that
he feared c.li the powers of the gentleman would
prove insufficient to compress it ail into the present
shoit pession: and he might perceive, upon ex-
:i animation, that many things look like evils which
;| aie not ko 1:1 fact. Ferhaps the gentleman might
be a member of the next Congress, or in some
ji higher station, and a calm review of this mutter,
after the canvass of next summer shall be ended,
; might satisfy him that things are not altogether so
bad as they appear.
,! He entertained very little feeling upon this ques-
') tion of mileage. He was willing to vote for the
:l amendment which had been read, whenever it might
be in order, and which would not leave one dollar
ij of mileage 111 the pockets of members beyond their
I' traveling expenses. He was most willing, also,
to vote for the other branch of his amendment
which he esteemed a very important one, to wit:.
" That no member of either House, who shall be
{ absent from its service without being excused by
' a vote of the House to which he belongs, shall be
' entitled to ins per diemrunless such absence shall
* be occasioned by sickness, or other sufficient rea-
* son, to be judged of by the House of which he is a
'member." This provision would exclude from
their per diem such gentlemen as felt called upon
to leave their places in Congress to make Presi-
dential speeches in Buffalo and along the lakes.
For all the time they might be absent on such
business,or any other business, there would be
so much deducted from their pay.
Mr. GIDD1NGS. Will the gentleman from
North Carolina allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. YENABLEr (with some hesitation.) Yes,
as the gentleman is an old friend,
Mr. GIDDINGS. Would the gentleman de-
duct the pay of members for their absence while-
attending upon the Conventions at Baltimore and
Philadelphia?
Mr. VENABLE replied,. Certainly; and he
added, he hoped the honorable gentleman who
had received pay from his party for attempting to
revolutionize the State of Maine,, would not also
! receive pay of the Government for constructive-
: services at the same time. [A laugh.]
! In the palmy days of our Republic, members
1 asked leave of absence, and their pay was deducted
i for each day they were not in their seats. This-
: rule had now ceased to be observed, but he would
' revive it; and if gentlemen choose to visit, to stay
| in their quaiters, or practise law in the countryr
j let the treasury be spared the infliction of a pay-
! ment for services wot rendered. Such a rule was
; just, and obviously proper. Neither should Sen-
ators who adjourn on the 4th of March, and le-
; assemble on the 5th, recede constructive mileage;
: and this was provided against in the third clause
! of his amendment. This needed neither argument
■ nor illustration. But should his amendment fail,
1 he would vote for that of the gentleman from Indi-
, ana, [Mr. E:ibree,] as amended by the gentleman
; from Georgia [Mr. Stephens]. He felt no objec-
1 tion to ample mileage for distant members. It was
one of the ties which bound the Union together,
, and which prevented the removal of the capital
; further west. It enabled distant members to have
, their families with them here, which was proper
j and right. Gentlemen should not inconsiderately
1 sever any tie which binds the States together. He
i would make but a poor demonstration as a states-
! man, who would allow himself to cipher out upon
a slate the value of good fellowship amongst the
I members of this great Confederacy.
I The subject of mileage uniformly furnishes a
; fruitful theme for declamation, and should be put
; at rest. The dear people are much more deeply
' concerned about other matters, and do not require
any special demonstrations of punctiliousness on
! the part of Congress with reference to this subject.
For the last ten years it had been frequently called
|■ up and subjected to an examination, but nothing
. had been made out of it yet. The-wrongs of the
; people, resulting from the extravagant compensa-
; tion of members of Congress, had been often pro-
j: claimed, but the people themselves did not seem
j to hpve found it out. Perhaps they may be gal*
; vanized into sensibility at last. But until they
; make their own manifestations of discontent, it
I, will be but reasonable, perhaps, to conclude, that
'' after all, they care but little about the matter.
in conclusion, he leiteiated what he had said in
the beginning; of his remarks, that his design was
simply to test the sincerity of gentlemen who
, seemed to be desirous of bringing this matter of
mileage compensation down to the lowest point.
1 He did not approve of it; but he would vote for it,
because he was glad of the opportunity it might
, afford of taking away what had been such a fruitful
1 source of patriotic declamation at almost every
, session of Congress, as far back as his recollection
extended. For himself, he did not object if others
leceived a large bill of mileage, while ins was only
a small one. He desired chiefly that the question
be settled. He would have the matter of mileage
settled as firmly as was the per diem. He would
i hove it settled upon a plan the justice of which all
would admit. Or if strict justice could not obtain
; m the case, he would say to the committee, Let us
approach the subject at once, m a spirit of disin-
1 tereated liberality, and settle it like men.
