1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
229
Mr. GREELEY obtained the floor, and, after a
passing remark upon the proposition of the gentle-
man from North Carolina, [Mr. Vexable,] (of
which nothing more was heard by the leporier,
than that it was, in his opinion, more liable to the
objections which the gentleman himself had urged
than perhaps any proposition which had been
made, and that it would reduce the mileage of the
members from Texa&, foi instance, three-fourths,
while the pending proposition would only reduce 1
it one-half,) he pjoceeded to say, that he should
confine his remaiks to the question of mileage. It 1
had been aliened here (he said) that the compensa-
tion of members of Congress was inadequate. If
it was so, (which he did [not believe,) let it be
fairly, equally adjusted: let it be raised; let the
compensation be fair, if it was not fair; jet the
mileage he fair, if it was not fair. He did not ,
plead for a niggardly economy; he but demand- ■
ed justice. He said, your law is not jus>t, That ■
was the substance of the publication which he
had made, which had called forth all the obloquy
and defamation which had been pouied out upon
him. Was there kw,y reason why,s-if these.ac-
counts were fair and proper, they should not be \
exposed to the public?
Gentlemen said, My constituents never talk ''
about the mileage which 1 receive. Why, he ven-
tured to say, probably not one-hundredth part of,,
the constituents of members of this House, a
month ago, had any definite idea of the amounts
which were received by members of Congiess for ,
mileage. He had come forward and taken the ;
responsibility of the accounts of mileage.
He had heard general charges mode upon this
floor, of falsehood, of defamation, and injustice in 1
the article which he had written upon this subject.
Now that he had the floor, let gentlemen make >
these charges directly, distinctly; he asked any
member to say for himself, whether, in this publi- '
cation which lie (Mr. G.) had made, he was charged i
with having received more mileage than he had ac- !
tually received. Was there any one so charged ?
If so, let him speak for himself. [A pause.] ^
There was not one, he believed. No gentlemen J
rose—
Mr. WM. T. LAWRENCE, (in his seat,) was !
understood to say theie was a mistake of one figure I
in the statement of his mileage, which represented
him as receiving $100 more than he actually le- :
ceived. ,
Mr. GREELEY said he was happy to be in- j
formed of the error, and he would gladly correct
it. It was not to be wondered at, that in four long
columns of figures one error should have occurred. 1
The gentleman fiom Ohio [Mr. Sawyer] had i
said there were a hundred errors in the article.
Who had shown them ? Had any gentleman (ex-
cept one) shown them in his own account5 Was !
there any error in the gentleman's account? If j
80, he had not stated it. i
Mr. BARRINGER (who was standing in the |
area, in company with several other gentlemen, m j
reply, as was supposed, to some remark, in an j
undertone, and not heard by the reporter) said, I
have never read the aiticle.
Mr. GREELEY. Then do not charge any mis-
take. If there is any mistake, let it be made
known.
Mr. TURNER. Do I understand the gentle-
man as challenging contradiction ?
Mr. GREELEY. A contradiction of the state-
ment. I ask any gentleman to say whether the
number of miles set down in that article against
his name is more than he does receive pay for?
and whether the amount of mileage siated is more
than he does receive?
Mr. TURNER. The gentleman from New
York charged me with receiving ^>998 extra mile-
age, excess of mileage 
Mr. GREELEY (interrupting ) Excess above
what would have been charged by the nearest
mail route. That is explained twenty times in the
article. It does not charge that you have received
an excess above what is allowed you by law.
Mr. TURNER. The gentleman charges me
with having received an excess of mileage 
Mr. GREELEY. An exccss above what*
Mi. TURNER, (continuing his sentence,) 
of $998 above what I was entitled to 
Mr. GREELEY, (interrupting.) No, sir; no,
sir.
Mr. TURNER, (continuing,) if my mile-
age was charged by the nearest mail route 
Mr. GREELEY. Over what you would* have
charged if you had charged by the nearest mail
route.
Mr. TURNER. I hope thegentlmaa will allow
me to make my statement.
Tiie gentleman aiso stated in that'same publi-
cation tnat it was only eight hundred miles over
the nearest post route from the city of Washing-
ton to where i iesir!e.
Ivh. GREELEY. What is your post officer
Mr.TURNER. I said, when I had the iloor be-
fore, and I ?epeaf it now, that that statement is ut-
terly, unqualifiedly false. A nd if the gentleman had
looked at the maps of^ the country—he (Mr. T.)
had not gone with an insti ument over the route,
and taken the latitude and longitude—but if the
gentleman had desired to have spoken the truth in
that publication, and had looked at a map of the
count! y, he would nave found that upon an air line
he (Mr. T.) lesided moie than eight hundred
miles to the west, and o\cr two hundred and
foity north, of the city of Washington. Now, he
charges me with taking an excess m what I took
for over eight hundied miles, when by an air line,
the distance is more than eight hundred miles.
Therefore I say his publication is false and willfully
fai.se, and i repeat K.
Mr. GREELEY, (resuming.) Now, \ shall use
no such language; it is not used by gentlemen in
my section of the c< untiy. i could not tell; L made
: no accounts; I stated to this Hou&e that I directed
| a clerk to make out from the post, office books the
■ distances  
Mr. HARALSON (interrupting) said he wanted
to inform the gentleman that the hooks upon which
he based his calculations were not the correct
books; for when the Committee on Mileage, in
making up his (Mr. H.'s) account, had wntten
him a letter to know the distance between this city
and his residence, he had not trusted his own recol-
lection, but had referred that letter to the Postmas-
ter General, and he had received in reply from the
acting First Assistant Postmastei Geoeuil that the
distance was 947 miles by the direct route over
which the great southern mail was transported.
He read the letter, and said that the route which
the Postmaster General had specified was that over
which 999 out of 1,000 travelers* went, and was the
direct and almost the only route between tins city
and his residence.
The article which had been published by the
gentleman did great injustice to many members of
this House, as well as to him, (Mr. H.,) who had
not pietended to estimate the distance between this
city and his residence, but had referred it to the
Postmaster General, and had received pay for the
distance furnished by that officer. The gentleman
charged him with having taken an excess of
$166 
Mr. GREELEY interrupted, and claimed the
floor.
The CHAIRMAN said that the gentleman from
New York had the floor.
Mr. HARALSON said he had understood that
the membeis of the House had been invited to show
it, if any injustice had been done them m this news-
paper article. It had been done to him, impliedly j
at least. i
Mr. GREELEY. Now, here is the post officc
book. It was the only account I could {jet. Can 1
I go around to correct the books of the department? I
I took the books, or rather my repot ter took the
books, and found that the gentleman Irom Illinois
[Mr. Turner] was put down as eight hundied and
thirty-two nines from-this city by the neaiest post
route, when he chaiged mileage for two thousand |
and eighty miles. Could I be expected to go be- ,
hind these booics, when I had not even the time to
make out the account at all? I cannot say that the
distances are all precisely as tueyare set down i
here; but this was the best authority I could get, '
and officidl authority.
The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Haiiat.sox]
says the route over which he charged is the usual
southern mail route. This 1 do not doubt. This
very aiticle says that the distances put down are
not of those routes ovei winch tue nuuls aie sent, ,
or on whiui postage is charged in some cases.
These explanations are made m the article; it went
out with these statement; and every ^enueman
who has objected to the article lias been obliged to
take some ground to misrepresent it. Tile dis-
tances here set down are the distances given m the ,
po^t office book of the United Stales.
Well, the gentleman fiom Mississippi, [Mr.
Brown,] who assailed me yesterday- 
Air. BARRRO W interposed, and (the floor hav-
■ ing been yielded) said he had understood that while
| he (Mr. B.) had been absent from his seat, the
j gentleman from New York had challenged any
, member to say that he was put down m this arti-
| cle, which was written by the gentleman, as he
; himself had acknowledged, as having received
. more pay them he actually did receive.
Mr. G REELEY, (inteirupting.) Than is stated
: upon the book.
; Mr. BARROW, (continuing.) In that puWi-
: cation, as near as he recollected, he was stated to
have received an omount, though small, moie than
he actually received.
Mr. GREELEY. How much is it>
! Mr. BARROW. About twenty or twenty-fiv©
dollars.
If there was error in receiving what the gentle-
man put down, there was error in receiving five
dollars too much, and therefore, as I have been
challenged, I conceived it to be my duty to state
that the gentleman has charged me with having
received twenty or twenty-five dollars more than
I I do. It may be a typographical error, or it may
h'j intentional. I do not mean to enter at all into
the controversy, nor should I have said a single
word, hut for the challenge of the gentleman from
iNew York.
Mr. GREELEY. I am glad to hear this ex-
planation of the gentleman. I wish to give this
! opportunity for those statements. I asked ynur
j Sergcant-at-at ms to give me his schedule, so that
, when any gentleman says there is a mistake, I
could refer at once to it; but he refused to let me
have it.
The gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Brown]
made the direct chaige, yesterday, that the article
was a gross falsification in respect to his mileage;
and he said tiiat he lived thirty-odd miles beyond
Jackson, Mississippi, and that Jackson, Missis-
■ sippi, was placed in my list as only some seven or
eight hundred miles from this city, whereas the
actual distance was over one thousand three hun-
' dred miles. Now the gentleman is set down in my
1 published list, u Albeit G. Brown, Mississippi,
: 1,047," by nearest post route, and the distance for
! which he receives pay, 2.330 miles. I have here
the post office book before me, which declares that
! Jackson, Mississippi, is 1,010 miles; and if he
■ lives 37 beyond, his distance is 1,047 miles by the
! nearest poM. route. Here is the book 
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, appealed to the
gentleman to yield the floor.
Mr. GREELEY. For explanation, not for
argument.
Mr. BROWN. Will the gentleman refer me
to the book from which he read ;
' Mr. GR EELEY. The post office book for 1842.
Mr. BROWN. I wish to call the attention of
the House to a poi lion of the irentieman's article
which he says he wrote himself.
[He read that part which states that thedistance
is given at which each member aetuallyjives from
Washington, by the nearest post route, 14 as set
down in the last official list of post offices, with
their several distances from Washington.1']
K The last ojV-dal list.1'ys the gentleman, in
his article. Now, the gen-h man has known, (if
lie did not know at the time this article was pub-
lished,) for the last tluee weeks, thet that is not
the lust official list published by the department. 1
have in my band a book published in 1846 
v Mr. GREELEY. A list of post offices?
M \ BROWN, (continuing.) Now, let me show
the r.etit'ienirtn, because i don't usually talk about
matters of ibis sort without understanding them.
Here is the book: " Table of post offices, for 1346'.
Distances from the capital of the United States to
the capitals of the several Slates and Territories by
due course of mail, as shown by the principal
points through which it passes. The distances are
given from post office to post office." r\ow, "from
Washington to Montgomeiy, 1,035: fiom Mont-
gomery to Jackson, Mississippi, 293," making
I 333, the ve>-y number I mentioned the other d.iy.
'Mi. GREELEY. Yes; but that is the cu'cuk-
ous route.
Mr. BROWN. It is not the rncuitm.ia r' 'Ue.
It is the nearest mail route: the loule ovtr which
the mails are transported.
Mr. GREELEY. I do n-n dis;.u:e thut the
mails are cariitd over that
