232
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 12.
way, [Mr. Corwiw.] There was considerable de-
bate on its adoption, as all will recollect who were
here. These provisions were adopted by a decided
vote. By that vote the Senate manifested its pur-
pose of discouraging the picaroon speculators,
who, in previous cases of similar laws, experience
'had shown reaped the .benefits of the gift intended
for the soldier and his heirs. I well remember the
emphatic denunciation of these harpies, always
hovering around the discharged soldiers, used on
that occasion by the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Benton.] Well, sir, what has been the result?
Your law has been disregarded and trifled with,
and you are now called pn to sanction and legalize
what, in the act I have referred to, you denounced
and declared should be regarded as fraudulent and
void. You are asked to recognize these assignees.
1 say your law has been evaded.
It is notorious that most of the bounty land cer-
tificates and warrants are in the hands of assignees.
They were obtained by buying the disckaigt from
the soldier, in some instances for thirty dollars,
and in others for forty dollars, and so on up to one
hundred and ten dollars. The certificate was, at
the legal price of land, worth two hundred dollars.
The current puce in this city has not, I believe,
exceeded one hundred and ten dollars. Ill defiance
of the law, the soldier's right lias been transferred
before the warrant issued in nine-tenths of the
cases. The contrivance adopted has been tins:
the soldier gave a power of attorney, often in blank,
and authority to enter the land in his name. This
is a mere shift and evasion. The officers of the
Land Office here will not recognize any right in
the attorney, and they act rightly. Tiiey allow
the soldier to revoke his letter of attorney; and
there are many cases in which caveats have been
filed by the soldier, and the speculator has been
punished for his attempt to evade the law. 1 am
glad of it. It is right and just.
Well, sir, at the last session the act of August
14, 1848, was passed—an act by which we autho-
rized the soldier and his widow or heir, excluding
assignees, to locate their lands, first, in legal sub-
divisions, that is, forty, eighty, or one luindied
and sixty acre tracts; secondly, where lands aie
held by law at higher puces than one dollar and
twenty-five cents per acre, they might reckon
the warrant at that price, and pay the balance in
money.
Wow, sir, this bill proposes to extend these two
privileges to the assignees, to the piratical specu-
lators who have got these warrants by hook and
by crook from the soldier at halt' or one-fourth of
their value. 1 will not consent to do this, i will
not give these speculates tin advantage they did
have when they got the soldier's discharge or war-
rant. Why should we gratuitously give such a
class as they are this benefit free giatis : Did they
serve in the war? Have fin y earned anything to i
receive the peculiar favor of tlie Government or of
the people? is ail the meut and glory of the '
patriot soldier, who has borne the brunt of the
battles in Mexico, transferred or assigned to these ;
people by power of attorney or assignment on the I
discharge or on the warrant? I think not. The J
privilege asked for did not exist when they ob- j
tained the assignment or power of attorney. If it
had, the soldier could have perhaps got some of '
his claim. I wou'd not object to extending the
last privilege to the assignees; and if the act is '
amended to allow tins alone, I shall be satisfied, j
I learn it is deemed good policy, with respect to \
certain public lands in some of the western States |
that are held at two dollars and a half per acre,
that this second privilege should be given them, as
it would be beneficial to the public; but what I
object to is, to let these speculator assignees, by '
entr'es of tbrty and eighty acic tracts of public
lands, get possession of the best small farms in the
new States, to the injury of that cla-s of citizens
who would otherwise obtain them. They did not
buy tills privilege of the soldier, ai"i we should
not give it to them. I hope the bill will be amended
so as not to allow this, and be conimed to the
allowance of the last puviiege.
Mr. BRiiESE. I think the Senator from Florida
is altogether mistaken as to the purport of this bill
as it affects locating land warrants. No holder of
the warrants, neither the widow nor heirs of the
soldiei, have a right to locate tnem on separate and
disconnected tracts of land—taking an eighty acre
tract in one place, and a forty in another. They
call only enter them in a connected body; as, for I:
example, four forty-acre tracts contiguous or ad-
joining each other.
Mr. WESTCOTT. Here is the express Jaw.
Mr. BREESE. I understand the law, and am
perfectly acquainted with its provisions, and with
the practice of the land offices under it.
Mr. WESTCOTT. I cannot be mistaken.
Forty acres is a "legal division," and the act of
1848 authorizes the soldier or his widow and heirs
to enter his wairant bv " legal subdivisions." This
act proposes to give the assignee the same privilege.
I learn this, and authorilated that this would be the
construction of this act. If it is not its object,
why not amend the bill to remove the objection ?
At the suggestion of the Senator near me, [Mr.
Allen,] who desires the bill passed, I will move
that it be postponed to Monday, and hope by that
time an amendment will be presented.
The bill was accordingly postponed.
BILLS ON LEAVE.
Mr. JONES, pursuant to notice, asked and ob-
tained leave to introduce a bill for the relief of
Samuel J. Bayard, late receiver at Fairfield, Iowa;
which was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Air. BORLAND, pursuant to notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill to establish a
new collection district in the State of Arkansas;
which was read afirst and second time,and leferred
red to the Committee on Commerce.
REDUCTION OP POSTAGE.
On motion of Mr. NILES, the Senate post-
l! poned the previous orders, and proceeded to con-
sider the bill to reduce the rates of postage.
On motion of Mr. NILES, the further consid-
eration of the bill was postponed till Monday next,
and it was made the special order for that day.
DEFICIENCIES IN APPROPRIATIONS.
On motion of Mr. ATHERTON, the previous
orders were postponed, and the Senate proceeded
to consider the bill to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1849.
The bill was then considered as in Committee of
the Whgle, when the amendments reported from
the Committee on Finance were agreed to.
Mr. ATHERTON moved further to amend the
bill by adding: for the six swords ordered to be
presented by the joint resolution, approved March
2, 1S47, $9,000.
Mr. ATHERTON moved further to amend the
bill by introducing an appropriation of $G,400 for
, the puichase of instruments, &c., for the service of
! the officers employed in making astronomical ob-
servations in the South Seas.
; Mr. ATHERTON. Mr. President, it is proper
for nit* to state that this amendment is offered by
myself in consequence of a letter from the Secie-
tary of the Navy, and also in consequence of a
request coming from the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means of the House of Rep-
resentatives, made by thechanman in pursuance I
of a suggestion made to him by the Committee on i
Naval Affairs of the House of Representatives. |
The lesoiution of the Committee on Naval Af- '
fairs having been presented after the bill had been j
ordered to be engrossed, was not acted on by the j
House of Representatives, and, consequently, it !
has been sent up here. It, however, did not reach I
me in time to be laid befoie the Committee on I
Finance in the Senate. It is proper, therefoie, for j
me to state that this amendment is not offered by 1
the authority of the Committee on Finance, but i
in consequence of the circumstances that I have ;
stated. [
Mr. PHELPS. I would like to know the !
amount proposed to be appropriated. :
Ivlr. ATHERTON. Six thousand four hundred '
dollais. |
Mr. PHELPS. As one of the Committee on
Finance, I deem it my duty to withhold my sup-
port from this amendment, on account of the ex- j
treme lepugnance I feel against countenancing the j
principle involved in it.
The history of this matter is precisely this:
Some time since, an application was made by the
Navy Department to the Committee on Finance
for an appropriation for the purpose of makino-
certain astronomical observations m the South
Seas. It was then represented by that department
that the instruments necessary for making the ob- ;j
servations were on hand, or could be obtained
without going to the expense of purchasing. Of 1!
j: course, under such circumstances, the appropria-
| tion solicited, amounting to about five thousand
|| dollars, was granted. It was then stated that this
!, sum would be sufficient for the purpose of making
|; the observations, and that nothing more would lie
required. But we are now told, after having made
ji that appropriation, that the observations cannot be
r carried on without an additional appropriation of
;; six thousand four hundred dollars for the purchase
jj of the very instruments which we were informed
j; at the time the first appropriation was asked for
,| and obtained were on hand, or under the control
'I of the Navy Department.
i Sir, my opposition to the amendment arisea
, from my unwillingness to sanction and continue a
! piactice which has tended greatly to increase the
I expenses of the Government. The practicc I refer
| to is that of asking, in the outset of a new project
ail appropriation altogether inadequate to carry out
I and complete that project. UnUer such circum-
! stances Congress is often induced to make an sp-
propiiation because the amount solicited is small
ill companion with the magnitude and benefits of
the object sought to be accomplished. Taking this
| view of the subject, Congress comes to the conclu-
sion that the amount asked for may be properly
appropriated, and they accordingly grant the re-
quest of the party soliciting the appropriation.
But after the appropriation has been made, wears
; told that it is only the beginning of a series of
I similar appropriations; that it is not sufficient to
j accomplish the purpose for which it was made;
1 and that, unless further means are granted, the
\ money already expended will prove a loss,a waste,
and that no benefits whatever will accrue from its
! outlay, and thus we are led on, from time to time,
; to make appropriations for certain objects, when,
I in all human probability, if the amount of the
j whole expenditure required to accomplish thepro-
i posed object had been at first stated to Congress, it
j would not have considered the object worth the
money expended in its acquisition,
j; Mr. President, I have a very strong desire, so
; far as I am concerned, to endeavor, at least, to put
^ an end to this course of proceeding, by abandon-
ing a project which has been forced upon us in the
manner desciibed. My repugnance to counte-
. nancing this practice is so great, that I am very
desirous of setting an example which will teach
the department not to endeavor to lead us into any
projects like this, in the manner which I have
described. I prefer to have it understood, that if
i any grant of this kind is solicited of Congress,
j that Congress not only desires but expects that an
j estimate of the expenditures should be made cor-
■ responding with the actual expense of carrying the
' enteiprise out to its completion.
Under these circumstances, I must oppose this
, amendment. My main object in making these
j remarks has been, to discharge what I consider
my duty, by calling the attention of the Senate
j to the facts which 1 have stated. A great many of
[ these expenditures prove unprofitable. A great
: many of these appropriations have been imposed
| upon Congress in the manner which I have de-
sciibed, and we have thus been led into a series of
' approptiations which would never have been made
if the full expense attending the accomplishment of
the object proposed had been stated at the time the
I first grant was solicited.
Mr. ATHERION. Mr. President, I fully con-
; cur with many of the suggestions made by my
i friend from Vermont, as to the manner in which
Congress is led into many schemes by the suppo-
sition impressed upon them by miss'atements or
■ improper calculations as to the expendituies which
maKe the probable expense necessary to carry out
the scheme lower than it turns out to be afier the
full expense has oeeri incurred. In regard to this
particular project, I know that it was said, at the
last session of Congress, that the five thousand dol-
lars which were appropriated for this purpose
would probably be sufficient. It was'also said
that there would be no need of purchasing instru-
ments, because the instruments now owned by
the Department of the Navy would be sufficient for
the purpose contemplated. It will be recollected,
howeier—and it ought to be mentioned in justice
to the Secretary of tlie Navy—that the Secretary
of the iSavy did not originate this scheme. I be-
lieve that the importance of this expedition to the
southern hemisphere was first suggested by some
philosophical society in the city of Philadelphia,
and perhaps its importance was also suggested by
