1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
233
gentlemen of astronomical intelligence and inform-
ation in different parts of the country. 1 know
that there is a communication oil this subject on
the files, from a society m Philadelphia. I have
the communication here. There is also on the files
a copy of a communication on the subject from
Mr. Pieioe, the celebrated mathematician, at Cam-
bridge. They all unite in testifying to the great
importance of this expedition. It will be recol-
lected, also, that there was considerable discussion
on this subject in the House of Representatives.
A report was made to that House by a gentleman
on the Naval Committee, as to the piopnety of
send ins; a person to the southern hemisphere for
was anticipated at that time that the instruments jj I do not wish to be understood as applying the
under the command of that department would be jj force of;what I have said to the Secretary of tl-e
sufficient for making; the proposed observations. | Navy. I disavow all such intention. But such is
That was the view he then entertained, and in that j its operation upon (he Senate. The Secretary of the
view the Secretary now states that he was mis- ■! Navy is not infallible, but is liable to mistake as
taken. He aiso states that the service requires j] are all other men. But the circumstances being
the instruments now under the control of the Navy ;j as I have slated them to be, X must vote against
Department for other uses. The question, then, ]: this amendment.
is this: Congress having authorized this expedition
for the purpose of advancing science—and I con-
; sider it an expedition of vast importance—whether
it shall fail for ihe want of proper instruments, or
'' whether it shall be consummated at the additional
I Mr. PEARCE. It is certainly to be regretted
'] that any mistake should have been made in the
i estimate of the expense consequent upon this ex-
! pedition, which was submitted to Congress at
' the last session. Yet I hope this amendment will
be passed. The object sought to be attained by
xenuui" a ueiwii iu ulc .... expense named in the amendment, which expense, , ,.
the nurnose of makin" these observations, and the !; compared with the immense scientific benefits that ;; this expedition is very important to astronomical
sui'iect was then fully discussed, and the House s will lesult from the successful accomplishment of jj science, and of course impoitant and useful to the
and the Senate then determined to appropriate five i the object of the expedition, is, in my estimation, ait of navigation. I believe that the object ot this
thousand dollars in order to enable Lieutenant H small indeed. I hope most sincerely, for my pail, h appropriation is to carry out a new plan for ascer-
GiUis together with such persons as might be sent |i that this expedition, undertaken for the benefit of jj taming the parallax of the sun. 1 he Senate is
with him to go to the southern hemisphere for the |i science and of the navy, will not be allowed to jj aware what that is. it is to ascertain the angle oi
nurnose of taking observations at the time of the ij fail for the want of proper -instruments with which n variation or change of the position of the sun in
inmiinctinn of Venus, and the opposition of Mars, i to make the necessary observations. , reference to the different points oi observation.
conjunction of Venus, and the opposition
I have a letter upon this subject from the Secretary
of the Navy, which I think it would be proper to
read to the Senate. He states in this letter that
I agree with the gentleman from Delaware that
I it is highly improper for the department to come
here and ask of us an appropriation for an expe-
Tlie mode in which this has been ascertained here-
tofore—or the mode which has been most relied
j! upon—isby an observation of the transit of Venus.
J A different mode has been suggested by a distin-
it was supposed at the time the first appropriation j; dition of this kind, without giving us the proper .... .
was asked for.'that new instruments would be j! estimates of its cost at the time the appropriation j1 guished German pmlosopher, 1 believe, and has
>vcio J ... . . ^ !i . , „ hi . i ' • •  i II : l .1,^ ^
needed. I will read the letter from the Secretary l| is asked for. Cut we all know that it is almost
impossible to estimate with unenin^ accuracy the j
full cost of an expedition such as this, especially j
where instruments of this kind are to be purchased.
This case is an exception to the general rule, for j
the Secretary of the Navy informs us that, at the ,
time the formerappropriation was made, he thought j
the necessary instruments were under the command ]
of the Navy Depai tment. In that opinion he was
mistaken, and to remedy that mistake we are called j
upon to make this appropriation. j
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, the reason j
assigned at the last ssssion for making the appro-
of the Navy:
Navy Department, December 23, 1848.
Sziir At the request of Lieut. J. M. Giliiss, of the Nivy, I
linve the honor to transmit to jou the mtlo-ed communiea-
* tioii fiddre<.-ed bv that officer to you. Jle correctly ftate? tlie
decision of the (iepintmtjnt, that the cost ot instruments to
be purchased for tlie puipo?e of making obseivations under
authority given by the act of Confess to which he refers,
mn-t b<' eh uged to (he appropnnu< n. It is also proper that [
I should sav, that wlif n the estimate of five thousand dollars i
\va$ submitted hvhiin at the iast session of Consrre?t>, the I
belief was cntritauieul that nubt if not all ihe instruments |
required could he furnished without additional purelia-f^. j
The wants oi the service have disappointed thus expecta-
tion.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, J.Y.MASON.
Hon. F. P. Stanton, House oj Representatives.
It is now requested that six thousand four hun-
dred dollars be appropriated for the purchase of
proper instruments to be used by the persons sent
out to take these observations; and, sir, if this ex-
pedition is to £0 on-—if these persons are to be sent
out to make these observations—it is certainly
highly important that they should have proper
instruments, or the expedition will fail. We have
sent out scientific men, officers of our navy, to
make these observations; and if the result should
be a failure, from the want of proper instruments,
it would redound to the discredit of the country
which authorized the expedition. There is among
the papers a list of the instruments required, and
their probable cost, which lays the foundation of
the appropriation. As I have before said, the ap-
propriation has not received the sanction of the
Committee on Finance, as the request that it
should be made was not received by myself m
time to lay it before the committee at their regular
received the approbation of the learned secretary
of the Smithsonian Institution, and of many other
gentlemen thoroughly versed in astronomical sci-
ence. I suppose, that by this observation—svhich
I will not undertake to describe—greater accuiacy
in all astronomical observations may be obtained.
This is certainly of very great importance, and it
cannot be done by individual means; but, if done
at all, must be done by means furnished by the
liberality of the Government. 1 think we owe this
much to science and navigation, if no more.
1 understand that at the last session of Congress
j an appropriation of five thousand dollais was made
priation then granted, was the very one that we for the purpose of enabling certain designated per-
had the instruments on hand. But now it appears |j sons to make these observations, unoer the sup-
appears
that this reason was without foundation; that it
was no reason. At any rate, it has entirely failed
to secure the desired results. It turns out that we
have not the instruments, the possession of which
was assigned at the last session as the reason for
the appropriation then asked forand obtained upon
that understanding. If we had known at the last
session that the .Navy Department was destitute
of these instruments, we would not have made the
position that the nceessary instalments might be
furnished by the Navy Depaitment. Cut the
Navy Department has not the instruments, or
rather it has not been enabled to witluliaw them
from other purposes to which they are now ap-
plied; and hence the department has desired Con-
gress to make this appropriation. It is certainly
not a very large one for the purposes of science.
It has been said that the Smithsonian Institution,
the instruments was then assigned as a reason for
asking us for an appropriation, and now their non-
possession is assigned as a reason for a further ap-
propi ialion. Forgone, I shall not countenance this
practice of obtaining appropriations by such a
course. I cannot, therefore, support the amend-
ment.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. President, this subject
strikes me in the same light in which it does the
Senator from Delawaie. The Senator from New
Jersey [Mr. Miller] says that the propriety of this
meetino-. I have thought it proper to introduce it |1 expedition was settled at the last session of Con-
10 the notice of the Senate, in order that it might j' gress; if so, it wnssettled without proper informa-
receive their consideration, and receive such dispo- 11
sition as thev may see fit to give it.
Mr. CLAYTON. From the statement which
has been made by the chairman of the Committee
on Finance, [Mr. Atheuto.v,] 1 think that this
amendment ought not to lie adopted. Last year
we were told that five thousand dollais was all
that would be asked, or that would be required to
enable the Navy Department to carry out the pro-
ject for making these observations. The Secretary
of the Navy now says, that at that time he sup
appropriation then granted. The possession of !> in the event of the failure of the Government to
■' ' ■ '  '-  -i make Ibis appropriation, will contribute to the pur-
chase of these instruments. But, sir, I trust that
\ the Government will not allow the burden to fall
, upon that institution. I really think it would be
i disgraceful for the Government to allosv the Smith-
sonian Institution, or any other institution, to aid in
i the purchase of these instruments.
I Again: I think it probable that the Government
; will not lose the six thousand dollars proposed to
i be appropriated for ihe purchase of these mstru-
■ mcnts. I understand that theie is a project on
| foot in Chili for the establishment of a national -
j observatory in that country; and i am informed,
Fion as to its cost. I do not say that the omission !j that when these instruments shall have been used
to furnish the necessary and correct information j; by us for the purposes desired, that Government
was intentional; but I must say, that if the pro- ij will purchase them. Therefore, it will notbc any
priety of the expedition was not settled upon a j j of the nubhe moncv to appropi late it lor the
falsehood, it was at least settled upon a suppression
of the tiuth. I do not wish to be understood as ,
charging the Secretary of the Navy with this sup-
pression of the truth. lie says he was mistaken, j
and 1, forone, presume that he was mistaken. The j
impression upon the Senate, however, is, that
either an incorrect statement was presented, or the
Ul UHi Ltcivy I l\/  ¥ W" JO) ViUVl, >-    -  r I,-  .
posed that sum would be amply sufficient for this ! true state of things suppiesseu. A hat appropna-
purpose. I suppose that he recommended on that tion was made on the supposition that the instru-
■view and upon that understanding the Senate || ments which would he required in making the
. ? i> .i ..      I: /-vKc-ci-i-utlnvisj u-prp «]■ efwlv sunnlied and under the
voted for the appropriation
lam not disposed, for one, to encourage this
observations were aheady supplied and under the
control of the Navy Depai tment. But it turns out
practice, so
often resorted to, of asking us in the i. that we were then asked to make an appfopnation
first instance to commit ourselves by an insufficient
appropriation, merely for the purpose of laying
the foundation of an increased appropriation after-
wards. Therefore I shall vote against the amend-
ment.
Mr. MILLER. Mr. President, I oilier from
my fuend the honorable Senator from Delaware
in the view which he takes ot this question. At
to execute the woik, and now we aie called upon
i, to make another appiopiiation toootain the iristru-
j' ments by which the work is to be cxccutcd. I
i think it would be much more appropriate to make
11 an amendment levokmg the appropriation of live
ii thousand dollars which was made at the last ses-
waste of the public money to appropi late i
purchase of these instruments*, and, inasmuch as
it cannot be supposed that any individual benefit
is to bo realized fiorn the appropriation, or that
any tViud can be perpetrated upon the treasury by
it, and as u is an appropi lation puitly for the
benefit of science, and of one of the most useful of
iill known arts, 1 hope that the Senate will make
the appropi ialion, and let the Govei nment take the
whole cieuit and responsibility of the enterprise.
Mr. NiLES spoke m a low tone of voice, and
only a small portion of his rematks was intelligible
to the reporter. He was understood to say that he
wouid like to ask his friend from Maryland, who
is a very scientific man, to what branch of tike
public service such an enterprise as that under
consideration belonged, or by what authouty the
appropriation could be made? He (Mr. N.) thought
tliat if we were to make appropriations ouf of tne
1 public moneys for astronomical discoveries, either
m the southern hemisphere or in the noithern
sion of Congress than to make this additional ap-   , !**>•♦ 
    propriation. If I had the data before me, I would i hemispheie, we were straying veryMa hoiij as net
d^'af 'aJl !'• ^idmems'bu^^u^as 1 hive ?Ttheda£ I1 Snch of°the G^pnt bytheCon^^
purpose of accomplish! ^
letter from the head of the Navy Department, it
