238
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 12,
SUBMERGED LANDS.
On motion of Mr. BORLAND, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill to grant to the State of
Arkansas, and other States within which they he,
certain lands remaining unsold on account of over-
fl°He then moved that the bill be made the special
order for Wednesday next; which was agreed to.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of Executive business; and, after some time so
spent, the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 12, 1849.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
NOTICES OF BILLS*
Mr. HILLIARD gave notice of a motion for
leave to introduce bills of the following titles:
A bill to authorize the people of that portion of
the territory of the United States, which was ac-
quired by the treaty of peace, friendship, limits,
and settlement with the Republic of Mexico, con-
cluded February 2d, 1848, known as California,
to form a constitution and State government, and
for the admission of such State into the Union on
an equal footing with the original States; and
A bill respecting the limitsofthe State ofTexas,
and that portion of the territory of the United
States, which was acquired by the late treaty with
Mexico, known as New Mexico.
On motion of Mr. HUBBARD,
Rciohicd, That the accompanying memorial fiom Major
Baker, ol the Ouloanee Corps presiding a plan tor the
nret-oivation of tilt: inleiest^ of tile Uniti il m the gold
mines <>l California, lie reterred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Aflurs, and that .-aid committee he autlionzed to report
by hill or othet\u-e
On motion of Mr. CRANSTON, it was
OrtUroU Tll.lt the heirs nl Lieutenant Mienh Whitmaisli
liave leave to withdraw their inemoiia! and accompanjlllg
papers from the til:ol the lfon>e.
On motion of Mr. PUTNAM, it was
Or'leieih That Eunice Crossman have leave to withdraw
from the lile= ol the House her petition and accompanying
p.i|K;rs tor a pension.
On motion of Mr. TUCK> it was
' Ordered, That }<nve be granted to withdiaw from the files
of th«> House the petition irom citizrns ot Londonderry,
Ne.vv Hampshire, lor the retMabhshment of a po^t loute,
recently pieeented to the Ilou-e.
Mr. BELCHER, from the Committee on Mile-
age, made a report on the subject-matter referred
to said committee by resolutions of the House of
the 27th December lust, viz:
Jhsihcl, That the Committee on Ahleago bo instructed
to inquire into, un<l to repoit to tin** Hoiho whether, duiiu^
the pifj:>eut anv tiieaur amount <>I imitate ha>
b(-en drawn Irom the tn'UMJiy by any one 01 moicof the
meuih.'i'. ot tins flmijic than he was entitled to hy law ; and
if so I. y whom so drawn, ,iwl to what amount. Al-o, that
gaid committee i epoi t to this Ilmw liy what rule the nnle.i^
in ev<iv ca-c id computed, by whom the chum lor it
allow< d, and upon what evidence allowed.
llesolocd, (.eciiu'oy, Thar a publication made in the New
York 'I itbune, on [lie day ul Duc-embei, 184tf, in which
tin: miie.i e ot the njeniher^ is vr forth and t ommented on,
be referred to the >ame comimttee, with ins-trtn-Uon-> to 111-
qune into and report whether sad publication does not
amount, m Mibstance, to an allegation ol fraud ai-ams-t mo^t
ot tht! mnmheisot this House in the matter ot their mileage;
and if, in the judgment of the committee, it docs amount to
an allegation of traud, then to inquire and icport it that
allegation is true or talse
"Which leport was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
THJ3 UNFINISHED BUSINESS.
Mr. LORD rose and moved that the unfinished
business be referred to the Committee on Revisa!
a id Unfinished Business, for the purpose of being
adjusted.
"The SPEAKER inquired whether the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Lord] referred to the
unfinished business of the last session?
Mr. LORD answered that he did.
The SPEAKER said that by a rule of the
House it was made the duty of the Committee on
Rcvisal and Unfinished Business to examine that
business, and see what portion required further
attention. The motion of the gentleman, there-
fore, was in order.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, inquired whether under
a joint rule of the House, adopted at the last
ment did not affect the business of Congress, but
that it would be regularly proceeded with as if no
adjournment had taken place. In point of tact,
then, there was really no unfinished business at
all He did not recollect what the precise terms
of'the rule were, and he asked that it might be
read He thought it provided for a continuation
of the business of the last session to the present
session, precisely as if no adjournment had taken
place. If the gentleman from New Yoik [Mr.
Lord] had any'particular object in his motion, he
(Mr. C.) would not make any objection to it.
The joint rule was read, as follows:
« After «it days from the commencement of a subsequent
session of Congress, all Dills, involutions, 01 reports, which
Mmnated in either Hoa.-e at the elo>e ot the next preceding
 ewon, lemaining undetermined in eithei House, shall be
resinned and acted upon in the same manner a  it an ad-
journment had not taken place.''
The rule having been read-
Mr. COBB said that it struck him that there
was no necessity, under this rule, ioi the action of
i the committee. So long as he had been a member,
he did not recollect that any action had been taken
by the committee on any subject.
The SPEAKER said, he thought that the mo-
tion, if adopted, would lead to great inconvenience.
There was a large calendar of private bills, for
instance, many of which were in the nature ot
unfinished business, and subject to the consider-
ation of the House, on any private bill day. Such
a reference would take them from the custody ot
the House, and give them to the committee, until
such time as they might tlunk proper to report
By the one hundred and fiist rule of the House,
it was made the duty of the Committee on Revisal
and Unfinished Business, " to examine and report
what laws have expired, or are near expiring, and
require to be revived and further continued; also,
to examine and report, from the Journal ot last
session, all such matters as wete then depending
and undetermined."
The SPEAKER was of opinion that the com-
mittee already had the power to examine the Jour-
nal of the last session, and to make sucli report as
they thought necessary.
Mr. BURT (addiessmg the Speaker) said he
believed the order of business was the considera-
tion of private bills, and that the first business in
that order before the House was the motion made
the other day to reconsider the vote by which the
bill for the relief of the legal lepiesentatives of
Antonio Paeheco had been passed.
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir.
Mr. BURT, if m order, 1 move that the House
proceed to the consideration ot that motion.
The SPEAKER said that any gentleman could
call up the motion to reconsider; and on that mo-
tion, the gentleman fiom Ohio [Mr. Sawyer] was
entitled to the floor.
Mr. BURT. 1 understood that the previous
question had been moved.
The SPEAKER said that the Chair did not
hear the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sawyer] sub-
mit that motion.
Mr. BURT. Before the question is taken on
seconding the previous question, i move that there
be a call of the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Sawyer] will state what his motion was.
Mr. SAWDER. 1 did not move the pievious
question. I simply moved a reconsideration of
the vote by which the bill had been passed.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman is enti-
! tied to the floor, and to make remarks, or submit
a motion.
i Mr. SAWYER said that he proposed to occupy
! the time of the House only a very few moments.
; He thought his colleague [Mr. Uiddings] had put
i the case on wrong giounds. Pie (Air. S.) be-
lieved that it had no sucli intrinsic meiits as would
justify him in giving Ins vote 111 tavor ol the bill.
He should theiefore vote against it.
| He believed that this negro man, Lewis, was
hired by his owner to the Government of the Uni-
ted Stales for a valid consideration, and that oper-
: ated as a kind of insurance upon his life. And
the owner of the slave got recompensed by the
very large amount ot the consiueiatiun he leceived.
session of Congress, the unfinished business did |! He therefore believed that the claim ought not to
not occupy a different position from that which it !1 be allowed upon its merits. He thought it was
did occupy when the committee was appointed? ]' wrong, and that it was not one of those cases
Under that rule, he understood that the adjourn- |i which, by the evidence, would justify Congress
in passing the claim. He should therefore vote
against it.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan, requested the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sawyer] to yield the
floor. k
Mr. SAWYER having done so—
Mr. STUART proceeded to remark, that under
the permission of the gentleman from Ohio, he
wished to state, very briefly, the reasons which
had influenced the vote he had given. Upon the
question of the engrossment of the bill, he had
voted in the affirmative. Pie had done so because
he understood the facts of the case to be these:
that the owner of this negro hired him to the Gov-
ernment of the United Slates, through its officers,
to act as guide and interpreter in the Florida war,
for a compensation of twenty-five dollars per
month; that prior to the time when the service
contracted for had expired, at Dade's massacre,
the negro was captured by the Indians; that, at a
subsequent period, and after the expiration of the
term 
Mr. HUDSON rose to a question of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state his
point of order.
Mr. HUDSON. It is this: that a gentleman
obtaining the floor has no right to give way to an-
other gentleman to make a speech. In the present
case the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Stuart]
rose and avowed that he was not going to explain,
but that he had risen for the purpose of making a
general speech expressive of his opinion on the
whole matter. Now, he (Mr. H.) submitted, that
it was not competent for one gentleman, holding
the floor, to give way to another gentleman for a
general speech on the merits of the case.
The SPEAKER said, that the Chair had, only
a day or two since, decided in favor of the view
taken by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Hudson.] If the gentleman from Ohio chose to
give way for a mere explanation, he could do so;
but if he gave way to allow a gentleman to make
a speech, he would lose his right to the floor.
Mr. SAWYER. It is not possible for me to
tell what object the gentleman from Michigan has
in view.
Mr. STUART said that he had not risen for the
purpose of making a speech.
The SPEAKER said that the gentleman had
intimated his purpose so far as to commence as-
signing his reasons for the vote he had given.
That was not explanation.
Mr. STUART said he did not wish to be out
of order, and he thought the Chair would find
that he kept within the lule 
The SPEAKER said there was no question
whether the gentleman from Michigan was in
order, or not; the question was solely as to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sawyer.] The ques-
tion was, whether the gentleman fiom Ohio would
lose the floor; and the gentleman from Michigan
could proceed with that understanding.
Mr. SAWYER resumed the floor. He did not
wish (he said) to lose his right to it. He was told
that he had been misinformed as to the character
of this claim. He thought not. He believed that
Paeheco hired this man, Lewis, as guide and inter-
preter, for twenty-five dollars a month. II he had
remained in the service one year at that rate of
compensation, the owner would have received
ample compensation for him. And he believed
that such an agreement had been enteied into.
It was true, that at the massacre of Dade's com-
| maud, this negro (with one other man, he believed)
' was taken prisoner by the Indians. At a subse-
quent period the negro had returned with the In-
dians, and had been given up to the commanding^
| officer, who sent him west of the Mississippi. It
I the officer in command of the troops took a freak
j into his head, he might dispose of all the property
in the possession of traders and other persons.
Gentlemen would have in their minds a case ot
that kind, where certain traders were on their route
to Santa Fe with a large quantity of goods. These
goods, as it was now alleged, te" prevent their
falling into the hands of the enemy, were ordered
by the commanding officer to be burnt. If this
principle was to be allowed, thousands of nien
would follow our armies, suttling, and by a col*
lusion between the officeis and them, might involve
the Government in an immense amount of expend-
iture.
Mr. CABELL interposed, and asked the gentle-
man from Ohio to yield the floor.
