1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
209
Mr. SAWYER having done so—
Mr. CABELL said he had risen for the purpose
of asking the attention of the House whilst he
stated the points upon which, as a Representative
of the State of Florida, he desired this case to be
put to the House.
Mr. GIDDINGS, (addressing the Chair.) Then
the gentleman loses the floor.
The SPEAKER said, the Chair must again state j
that the enforcement of the rule of order was in- I
sisted upon by a gentleman on the left—that one j
gentleman should not yield the floor to another for i
a speech. j
Mr. CABELL said he proposed, in the brief |
statement he had to make, to confine himself simply
within the limits of explanation, as defined by the
Speaker.
The SPEAKER. It is in order for the gentleman j
to explain. i
Mr. CABELL. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. j
Sawykii] misunderstands the point, as I conceive, j
From the evidence which has been laid before the
committee, it is clear that this negro Lewis came
into the possession of an officer of the United States
properly 
Mr. Cxi D DINGS. I call the gentleman to order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that at
present the gentleman from Florida [Air. Cabell]
is in order.
Mr. CABELL (m continuation) said, that the
fact was admitted by all that this negro, having
thus come propct ly into possession of an officer of
the United Slates, was demanded by the owner;
that, by the authority of that officer, he was sent
beyond the limits of the United States, and beyond
the leach of his owner.
Now, the gentleman from Ohio and other gen-
tlemen had made the point that when this contract
was made between a citizen and the United States,
it was made subject to ali contingencies—as, f jr
example, the loss or death of the negro. He (Mr.
C.) would admit, that if the negro had been lined,
and his hie had been taken, there would have been
no elann on the part of Pacheco. But that was not
the case before the House. The negro came after-
wards into the possession of an officer of the Uni-
ted States, and was then demanded by his owner.
Mr. JNICOLL said he desired to ask a question.
Mr. CABELL having yielded the floor for the
purpose—
Mr. NICOLL said that he desired to know un-
der what circumstances the negro was brought in
—whether voluntarily, or as a slave of Junipei,
or under any stipulations whether he should be
sent west.
Mr. CABELL resumed the floor.
Mr. BCJRT rose and said he would answer the
gentleman.
Mr. STUART called both gentlemen to order.
They were taking precisely the ground he had
been taking—that is to say, they weie stating facts.
It was exceedingly difficult to hear anything that
was said at tins point of the proceedings.
The SPEAKER said, the Chair could hear
nothing as to the point of order or the facts of the
case. Further proceedings would be suspended
until the House came to order-
Mr. CABELL said he had the floor by the
couttesy of the gentleman from Olno, [Mr. Saw-
yer.]
Mr. STUART called the gentleman to order.
The SPEAKER said, that the gentleman from
Florida [Mr. CaijellJ wascleaily in order. The ;
only question was, whether the gentleman from I
Ohio [Mi. Sawyer] would lose ins light to the
floor, if the gentleman fiom Florida proceeded to ;
debate the question, the gentleman lrom Ohio 1
would lose his light to the floor. i
Mr. CABELL said he was not arguing the ease, j
lie was saying that tins pnnciple was clear, that |
the negro Lewis having come into the possession !
of the officer of the Government of the United i
States, it was the duty of that officer to see that he \
was leturned to the owner; and that the Govern- i
ment of the United States was answeiable for him |
until he was letumed. If he had been lost, that I
would have accounted for Ins not being leturned. ■
But if a negro, or a hoisc, oi other property was
hited to the Government oi the United States, and
one of its officers should, m violation of law, curry
that hoise, or negio, or other property beyond the
reach of the owner, if the owner were standing j
by, and should see that negro, horse, or property .
shot down by that officer, it was a matter of no 1
concern to him. He held the Government respon- i
sible, and it was not for the Government to disa- •
vow the legal acts of the officer. ;
The SPEAKER lnieiposed. ]
Mr. SAWYER said, there were so many gen- '
tlemen desirous to explain, that he thought lie
must insist on his own right to the floor. Jrie be-
lieved that this matter was perfectly well under-
stood by the House, it had been debated a great
length of time, and had it not been tor some things
which had been said by his colleague, [Mr. Gin-
dings,] he should not have said a word. He did
not agiee with the doctrine laid down by his col-
league, that there was no property m slaves. He
believed that the day was gone by when such a
doctrine could be auvocated. He oelieved it had
been agreed on all hands, by the legislation of
Congress, by the decisions of the Supreme Court,
and everywhere else, that there was propeity m
slaves.
But, as he had said before, this case was not
one to justify the interference of Congiess in be-
half of Hie owner of the slave. He dm not believe
that the owner had any claim whatever to be paid
for him.
In order that the House might proceed to other
business, of winch so much ot Jai gieater lmpoit-
ance was claiming their attention, and believing
that this matter was sufficiently well undei&toou,
he would move the pievious question.
Mr. HUDSON asked the gentleman to with-
diaw the motion, to allow linn to make a lew re-
maiks. He would not, he said, detain the House
more than ten minutes.
Mr. BURT made the same request.
Mr. SAWYER said lie was willing to do any-
thing to accommodate gentlemen.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman with-
draw the demand for the previous question?
Mi. SAWYER. No, i do not.
Mr. BURT moved tiiat there be a call of the
House.
Mr. COLLAMER asked the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Sawyer] to extend to hnn tiie same
courtesy winch had been extended to others. As
other gentlemen had been allowed to explain, it
seemed to him (Mr. C.) tiiat an opportunity should
be afforded hnn or some oihei gentleman on the
othei side to make a counter statement.
Mr. STUART called to older.
The question on the motion of Mr. Burt, that
theie be a call of the House, was then taken by
tellers, (iViessis. TiiOMpbON, of Mississippi, and
Follock,) and decided, in the affirmative—ayes
73, noes bl.
So a call of the House was ordeied.
The Clerk having called the loll, and the list
of absentees, it appeared that J9tf memoeis weie
present.
The SPEAKER directed the doors to be closed,
and the names of absentees to be culled for ex-
cuses.
The roll was callcd accordingly; and, upon :
motion, the folio wing gentlemen weie respectively j
excused, oil tiie ground ot indisposition, viz.: |
Messrs Bayly, Glatkeof Kentucky, Duncan o !
Ohio, Farelly, ueutry, Pendleton, jfnelps, Petrft, j
Rose, Shepperd, Simpson, Stewait of 1/emisyiva- j
nia, Thompson of Vnginia, and Tinbodeaux.
And the lollowing gentlemen weie absent with-
out excuse, viz:
Messts. Ashmun, Bowdon, Bowlin, Chase, Ed- i
sali, Hale, I'ioimes ol South Caiouna, Chaiius J. 1
IngeisoiJ, Johnson oi Tennessee, Levin, Muciuy,
McCiernand, Reynolds, Shngeiiand, 'JUdlmadge,
and i nompson oi lventucky.
On motion of Mr. COCf\E, further proceedings
m the call weie dispensed with; and
The doors were again opened.
The question recumng on seconding the demand
for the previous question—
Mr. I'ALFKJEY rose and said, he wished to
appeal once moie to the gentleman iiotn Ohio
[Mr. Sawyer] to withdraw ins demand lor tiie
previous question. He hoped the gentleman from
Ohio, in consideiation oi the position in winch tiie
question had been situated at the close oi his le-
maiks, would consent to do so. He did not ap-
piehend that theie was any disposition on the pait
oi.the House to go again iaigely into the constitu-
tional argument.
Mr. SAWYER, (addressing the Speaker.) Have
i the right to wundraw the motion lor the previous
question r
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the right.
Mr. SAWYER. I cannot stand in the way of
the expressions of the sense of the House upon
this subject. I shall take the responsibility to
withdraw the motion, and leave the matter to be
disposed of by the House.
Mr. TURNER (who was the successful appli-
cant foi the floor, among many competitors) said,
he supposed that some time to-day the House
would have to cast their votes on this subject; and
he confessed that his mind was' not yet made up
upon which side of the question he should vote.
One great difficulty which was presented in this
case, he thought, arose from a misapprehension
of the law, and of the constitutional power of Con-
gress over this subject. He supposed there was
no gentleman who had any constitutional scruples
with reference to casting his vote in favor of the
payment for property which had been lost in the
service of the country. When he spoke of prop-
erty, lie did not mean to be undeistood as speaking
of negroes or slaves. But did this case present
a constitutional question different from that which
was presented by a claim for any other species of
property which might be lost in the service of the
country ?
The main issue which had been made on this
subject was tins: Does the Constitution of the
United States recognize the right ot' property m
slaves, or 111 the light of persons to pioperly m
slaves? That seemed to be the issue which
had been made by gentlemen from the North and
from the South. He did not considei tiiat that
question was necessarily involved m this case; but
as his vote upon the subject, in consequence of the
issue that had been made by [he contending parties,
would be considered an expression of opinion in
regard to the question ot' the recognition by tl e
Constitution ot the United States of this kind of
pioperty, he proposed, before casting his vote, to
state what he conceived to be the coirect docQine
upon this subject.
He denied that the Constitution of the United
States recognized the right of persons to propet ty
m slaves. Vet, it would be absuid to say that a
citizen of South Carolina, lesidirig in that Slate,
had not property m his slave. Why > Because
the constitution and the laws of South Carolina
made the slave propei ty. But notwithstanding the
constitution ofSouth Carolina made him property,
it a citizen ol tiiat State should go to jN'ew tiamp-
shire with his slave, that slave could not be pursued
by any piocess of the courts either of South Caro-
lina or ot the United States, and captured m iS'ew
Hampshire.
Mr.UlDDINGS rose and requested the Speaker
to call the House to order; stating that they could
hear nothing in his part of the House, there was
so much confusion, and expressing the hope that
the gentleman would suspend his remaiks until
order was restored.
The SPEAKER called the House to order.
Order having been restored—
iVl r. TURNER proceeded, and put another case,
by way of illustration. Suppose tiiat an execution
out of a United States court was issued to Mis-
souri against a man who was the owner of slaves:
if that process reached Missouri m time to find
the man, with his slaves, it might be levied upon
the slaves; but if the slave-owner, befote it reached
there, had lemoved with Ins negroes to Illinois,
the process of the Unitid States couit could not
pursue the negroes to Illinois, and levy upon them
as slaves. INow, if the Constitution recognized,
the light of property in slaves, it would protect its
ohieer in puisumg that pioperty throughout the
United States. Alter the case; and say that, in-
stead of negiocs, the man owned a lot of mules:
could he not be pursued, with his mules, and his
mules levied upon, in Illinois, or New Hampshire,
or any free State? Certainly he could. The dis-
tinction was between the right of pioperty m poi-
sons and the right of propei ty in things; the iatur
right inhered naturally in the human family, ai d
it icquired no constitutional or legal enactment lo
make that property of which a man became pos-
sessed which was of the natuie of aniui.ds a*
things. But, by the law and the Constitution, tl e
right of property in persons had been a different
right—a right winch had never been acknowledged,
by any Government under the sun, except so far
as it was made so by municipal law.
Mr. HALL) of Missouri, interposed, and (the
floor being yielded) asked the gentleman lrom JUL-
