1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
245
argued by gentlemen on the opposite side of the
House, on the other part. But he could not, as a
southern man, suffer a doctrine advanced day
after day in this House, uncontradicted to remain
with the sanction of the learned, the intelligent
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Palfrey.]
He took issue with that gentleman on the law, and
on the law alone. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Giddings] had so often asserted that the United
States recognized no property in slaves, that he
really supposed the gentleman did believe it him-
self. But when he (Mr. H.) had heard a gentle-
man of the attainments, the dialectics of the dis-
tinguished gentleman from Massachusetts, upon
this floor, assert—and it was to go out to the
country—that the Government could recognize no
property in slaves, he deemed it his duty to appeal
to the candor of that gentleman, (in whose candor
he had ^reat confidence,) 
Mr. COLLAMER interrupted, and submitted
whether, by the course of remark the gentleman
was taking, he (Mr. C.) should not lose his right
to the floor?
The SPEAKER replied that the House had
yesterday insisted upon the point of order, that no
gentleman had the right to give way to another
gentleman to allow him to make a speech, and still
retain his right to the lioor.
Mr. HOLMES said the gentleman had given
him five minutes, and he intended to confine him-
self within that time.
Mr. COLLAMER further yielding upon this
assuiance.
Mr. HOLMES proceeded. Now, his proposition
was this: He supposed that gentlemen [Mr. Pal-
frey] would grant, that that was property which
was matter of sale; if, then, he showed that the
United States sold negroes, (and nothing but prop-
erty could be sold,) the United States ergo recog-
nized property in slaves. Now, he would refer the
gentleman to the law of 1815, which levied direct
taxes; in that law slaves were mentioned together
with real estate, and it instructed the collector—
in case the taxes which were levied upon the slaves
were not paid, and in case other property could
not be found—to seize the slaves and sell them for
the benefit of the United States, and place the
money in the coffers of the country. Now, had
the United States any right to sell that which was
not property ? It had not; and as it by law sold
slaves, slaves were ergo recognized as property by
the United States. He asked his friend m candor
if it was not so ?
Mr. COLLAMER resumed the floor.
Mr. PALFREY appealed to Mr. C. to allow
him the floor to reply to the interrogatory of the
gentleman from South Carolina.
Mr. COLLAMER declined further to yield, and
said he would go through the remarks which he
had to offer, and would then submit to such cross-
examination as gentlemen should be disposed to
make. He proceeded to speak (but in so low a
tone as to render it impossible for the reporter to
hear distinctly several sentences) of the almost
entire impossibility of a gentleman's directing his
attention to the question involved in this bill with-
out connecting it at once by association with kin-
dred topics which had been agitated in this Hall.
It was well known that there were, in relation to
this subject of slavery, a class of ultraists, of ex-
treme men, entertaining extreme views; that they
differed from each other essentially, and some of
them toto cado. But, somehow or other, circum-
stances had so transpired m this House, during
this session, as to furnish a new illustration of the
old remark, not unfrequentiy found Hue m politics,
as in ethics and othet wise, that extremes meet. It
seemed to him that, upon this and other kindred
questions, it was true that extremes had met. Let
them refer, for example, to the bill introduced by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings,] wherein
he had proposed the abolition of slavery m the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and that the question be sub-
mitted to the vote of the people living here, even
to the vote of the slaves themselves; it was well
known that upon a motion being made, upon so
ultra a measure as this, for the previous question,
gentlemen from different sections of the Union, of
extreme views on either side, voted for sustaining
the previous question. It was true, the record did
not show the votes of gentlemen upon the previous
question, but 
Mr. BURT interrupted, and called thegentleman
from Vermont to order
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from South
Carolina wiii state his point of order. 1,
Mr. BURT said,he understood the bill for the re- ■
lief of the legal lepiesentatives of Antonio Pacheco ;
to be before the House. He did not understand
the gentleman's remarks to have any reference to ;
that question. ■
The SPEAKER was understood to say that he
understood the gentleman from Vermont to be j
illustrating his argument by reference to this bill; j
he was not debating the question, but alluding to [;
it by way of analogy. The Chair did not see that
the gentleman was out of order. j;
Mr. BURT. Does the Chair say that it is in j
order for the gentleman from Vermont to be dis-j,
cussing the votes of members of this House upon ].
a totally different proposition from that which is i!
under consideration ? ji
The SPEAKER replied, certainly not. The \\
gentleman from Vermont was meiely alluding to
previous votes of members of this House, the
Chair presumed, by way of illustration. The gen-
tleman had the right to allude to the previous votes '
of this House, to anything in or out of this House, '
that would furnish him illustration or analogy. I
Mr. BURT. Very well. * j!
The SE^EAKER. The gentleman had clearly '
no right to aigue any other question than that
winch was before the House.
Mr. COLLAMER (resuming) said, if all that
was said in this House which the member speak-
ing considered argument, but which other men did
not, was to be excluded, he feared veiy httle dis- .
cussion would be allowed, tie did not know how
it could be anticipated what species of application
he might make of his general remaiks to the bill !
before them. The gentleman should wait and see ■
the ultimate application which he proposed to i
make of what he was saying. 11
He was remaiking, that in pressing this ques- i
tion and kindred questions, extremes met. Pie felt
gratified in saying this when he saw the demand i!
for the previous question upon the bill of the gen-
tleman from Ohio sustained by gentlemen of totally '
opposite views, from different sections of the coun-
try, and the question pressed upon the House :
without the possibility of explanation or of amend-
ment. So, too, upon the resolution of the gentle- ;i
man from Virginia, [Mr. Meade,] directing the
Committee on the Judiciary to report a bill for the
more certain apprehension of fugitive slaves, with
a preamble, by way of recital, stating, in effect,
that the States did not regard their duties under
the Constitution in reference to the delivery of
fugitive slaves, and therefore that additional legis-
lation by Congie^s was needed. Now, he was
not going to argue that point. He could only say
that when the appeal was made not, to press that
question in that form upon the House without
allowing opportunity for explanation or amend-
ment, it was unheeded, and the demand for the
previous question was sustained—by whom? Why,
the House could see. lie had seen it stated that
certain gentlemen on this side of the House voted
for it that there might be an inquiry into the sub- j
ject. But how fcas the fact? Thegentleman from i
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Brodhead,) it would be recol-
lected, had asked the gentleman fiom Virginia '
[Mr. Meade] to modify the resolution so as to
provide merely for an inquiry by the committee, '
and that gentleman had utterly refused to do it, >
saying that the facts were well understood, and 1
that no inquiry was necessary.
Now, \\ e saw how it was, when we came to this
case of a puvate claim. We sav what was at- ■
tempted to be put upon the House as the question ■
in the case. The utmost pains seemed to have 1
been taken by the gentleman who made this lepnrt,
and sustained it by argument, [Mr. Burt,] to in-
sist that this House, in passing upon this claim,
must decide upon the question of whether or not
a slave is property, and could reject the claim upon
no other ground but that it was not property.
Mr. MEADE interposed, to put an inquiry to
Mr. C., (the purport of which was not heard by ;
the reporter.)
Mr. COLLAMER said, that when he had fin- ;
ished his remaiks he would submit to any cross-
examination through which gentlemen miehtdesire :
to put, him. Pie wished first to grt through his
examination in chief, and then he would be willing *
to submit to cross-examination. This, he believed, .
was the proper course of proceeding in the courts.
Mr. C. then proceeded to (remark, that when *
the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Burt]
was making the closing remarks, which admitted
no reply, he (Mr. C.) had asked the gentleman if
he meant to be understood as saying, that men
could vote against this claim on no other ground
but that a slave was not property ? The ordinary
courtesy of the gentleman did not then seem to
serve him. Still he (Mr. C.) was not critical of
words.
Mr. BURT rose and said, that after what had
passed between the gentleman and himself on a
previous day, he hoped the gentleman would not
attribute any discourtesy to him. He (Mr. B.)
had disavowed it.
Mr. COLLAMER. To me personally.
Mr. BURT explained, that in the remaik to
which thegentleman referred, he had merely meant
to announce the confidence which he felt in the
justice of the case; and that when he was inter-
rupted by an inquiry from the gentleman from
Vermont, he (Mr. B.) had perhaps used a stronger
expression than he had intended. If, however,
thatexpress'on was analyzed, it would, he thought,
be seen that it was intended to convey nothing
more than the expression of an opinion that the
case, in all its circumstances, was an impregnable
one, and that the only ground upon which it could
be iejected, if rejected at all, was that slaves were
not property, tie trusted the gentleman would
not charge him with discourtesy.
Mr. COLLAMER said, that he did not think
that any charge he might make of discouitesy
against a gentleman whose habitual courtesy was
so well known, could be of much consequence. In
saying, as the gentleman had m effect said, that
he would not leave a place for escape, he (Mr. C.)
had supposed that he implied a desire on the part
of gentlemen to evade the responsibility of voting,
and had deemed it lather discoui tcous. But, as
the matter was now explained, it was all fair.
But ho (Mr. C.) was well sustained upon this
point, that, on the one side and on the other, the
utmost pains had been taken to make the case
turn upon that point.
Mr. GiDDlNGS inquired of the gentleman
from Veimont whether he had overlooked the
fact that he (Mr. G.) had placed the case m every
aspect in which he was able to place it, in law, iri
equity, or under the Constitution ?
Mr. COLLAMER. I am sensible that the
gentleman was making remarks which I thought
weic about to lead him to that view of the sub-
ject, when his hour expired.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Did I not distinctly state,
that under the law of bailment, there was no re-
sponsibility fixed on the Government?
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 know that I heard that
remark; but in his application of that, the gentle-
man was stopped by the expiration of the hour.
But the part of the gentleman's remarks which I
had the pleasure to hear, was all directed to the
point of insisting that the slave was not property.
He (Mr. C.) proceeded to state, that the position
he had taken was this—that the turning point in
the case was made to be, whether slaves were
property or not. On one side it was said that they
weie property and should be paid for; on the other,
that they were not properly and should not,be paid
for. Therein they differ* d. But in making this
the turning point of the case they all agreed, and
m this respect exticmes met.
lie would endeavor now to show that this ques-
tion svas not necessarily involved in the case, not-
withstanding the attempts that had been made to
make it appear so. He did not think, in relation
to many of these points, that he could make them
much more clear than other gentlemen. He had
a desire to connect and group the arguments, and
peihans add something to the force of them.
As a question of bailment, the case would just
be one ot those of letting for hire. The luit? of
ordinary cases would apply to it. The gentleman
from Florida [Mr. Calell] seemed, ycsteiday, to
contend that the Government was obliged to return
the man that was lined, as if that obligation could
not be excused at ail. He (Mr. C.) did not un-
derstand this to he the Ipw. lie understood that
when property was lured for use, it was not tiue
that the bailee was bound to return it at all events
He was bound to exercise oidmary caie; but it it
was stolen, he exercising ordinary care, he was not
bound to return it.
He was aware that this rule did not appH- to
common carriers. He wcisaware thatnothmg but
