1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
247
of the United Stares of slaves as property? Did
they lecognize it as property ?
Mr. COELAMEii. I think that for certain
purposes they regard them as property, and for
certain other purpo>es they ieg,mi ihem as persons.
Mr. C. proceeded to add, that ill making these
rematks, he had made them from u behef in his
osvn mind that the attempts made m tins House to
get up measures upon the subject of slavery, had
been made in such a mannerand form as to furnish
no pood prospect of beneficial results. In relation
to the subject of slavery in the District of Colum-
bia, and the slave trade here, he had desired that
full examination should be made, and beneficial
results produced. He would be happy to furnish
any aid in his power towards such results, if they
could be produced; but thus far ail the measures
looking to that end had been crude and ineffectual,
and merely notation and irritation.
Mr. MEAL) 12 next obtained the floor, and ad-
dressed the House.
He thought that the gentleman from Vermont
[Mr. Collameii] had jubtly complained that gen-
tlemen of this House had put foith extreme views
on the subject of slavery. He thought the gentle-
man ought to have had the candor to say that no
such proposition had emanated from southern mem-
bers in tins House; that they had never appeared
upon this subject, unless they had been called upon
by the course which the discussion here had taken,
and then that they had come forward not for the
purpose of attack, but of self-defence.
He had risen for the purpose of discussing the
legal question. He intended to place the Govern-
ment in the same situation in refeience to this
question that an individual would occupy, who,
under similar circumstances, had acquneU posses-
sion of this negro slave. He did not intend to
enter into the question of the legality of slavery,
or to discuss the right by which that pioperty was
held. If that weie necessaiy, lie might fall back
upon the guarantee that the ancestors of gentlemen
from the North had given to the ancestors of gen-
tlemen of the South when they sold these slaves;
at any rate, he might contend that gentlemen of the
oi tii weie the last persons who ought to call upon
the South to prove the title uudtr which they held
this property which they claimed through and by
gentlemen of the North.
Mr. GlDDiNGS interposed, and said he would
feel under obligation to the gentleman fiom Vir-
ginia if he would point out, specifically, this guar-
antee to which he alluded; wheie it was to be
found. If in the Constitution, let them have the
article.
Mr. MEADE replied that it was not only in the
Constitution, (that, was a question winch had been
so often discussed here that it was unnecessary for
him now to enter into it,) but it arose from that
implied guarantee which all sellers of slaves, or
any other property, enteied into with the vendee;
and he expected that if the private papers of gen-
tlemen from the South who lived ntty or sixty
years ago could be brought to light, there would
be found expiess guarantees of the validity of'the
title acquired to slaves purchased from noithern
men.
He had not intended even to state the fact to this
House, that every civilized nation on earth, and
every uncivilized nation, as far as we had any
knowledge, had acknowledged the right of propei ty
in slaves. The common law of England, which
emancipated slaves who might tread upon English
soil, had nevertheless been set aside, even by that
Government, in favor of the title to propeity in
slaves in their colonies; and he appealed, not to
any municipal law, but to the common law of
nations—to national law, as the evidence that
propeity could be held m slaves.
It had never yet been denied, as he had heaid,
except m this country. It was not even denied by
a majority of northern members m this House. A
small clique of abolitionists, and some others—
men whose conduct justified the conclusion that
they weie seeking to dis&oive this Confederacy—
weie the oniy persons of whom he had evei heard,
who seriously denied their title to property m
slaves.
He had not intended to enter even thus largely
into the question of the right of propel ty m slaves.
But when a man rose to speak upon this subject,
especially a gentleman from the South, upon wnose
forehead a majority of this House had placed
a placard with the inscription that they were a
reproach to humanity, morality, and religion, it '
■; was utterly impossible for such an one to address
; this House \\ Knout being carried further than he
perhaps ought to go. He was the last person
■ to discuss the question of slavery here; but he
was one of those who believed that the interest
and safety of the South required them to de-
j mand of northern members to discuss tins ques-
p tion no more, or else they could no longer remain
i; in bonds of fraternity with them. The slave pop-
. ulatinn was now in a state of subjection, of obe-
;' dience, and even of love to their masters; but if
■ ' these discussions were to continue many more
I yeais, the time would come when no southern
II man could sleep in his bed without a guard at his
11 door. It was the necessity of the case which com-
i; pel ted them to require of their northern fuends, if
i; they were friends, that these discussions should
" cease, and cease of their own fiee will and accord.
They did not intend to impairthe liberty of speech,
/ to do violence to that great right in any particular;
Ij but they should require it, as an cssenfal to their
!i longer continuance in this Union, that tins agita-
j! tion must stop. Could any southern man, with a
,! just appreciation of his honor and dignity of char-
ij acter, sit here with such a brand as was placed
upon his forehead by a majority of this House a
,j few days since, and remain perfectly quiet and
,! undisturbed in his feelings?
j If he had a true southern heart, he must rebel
against such action on the part of this House.
I1 When that vote was passed upon the resolution of
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Gott,] if
\ there was a southern heart here which did not
i, beat eve/i with rebellion, if gentlemen chose to call
;! it so, then it was the heart of no true southerner.
|j Mr. TOOMBS rose to a question of order, and
called for the enforcement of the rule which the
, Chair had applied to thegCDtleman from Vermont,
j: He thought the business before the House, was
!' about Pacheco and his negro, and he wanted to
get at it; he did not want this subject discussed at
i' large.
1 Mr. MEADE said, he had not expected an in-
; terruption upon this subjcct from a southern gen- 1
Uemttii, especially after such a latitude of debate
'j as had been taken by gentlemen from the North,
p The SPEAKER said, the Chair would state to
! the gentleman (rom Virginia that when the gentle-
. man from Vermont [Mr. Collameii] had com-
■ ■ menced digressing by discussing resolutions which
j, were not befoie the House, the Chair had called
' the attention of the House to the fact, and had
stated that the gentleman could not go on without
the leave of the House. That leave having been
: virtually given, no objection was made, the
i gentleman was allowed to proceed. But now the
|J point being insisted upon, it was not in order for
the gentleman to discuss the general question of
slavery. It was proper for him to allude to other
subjects by way of illustration, not of argument.
,! Mr. TOOMBS said, having called the gentle-
■ ' man from Vermont to order for discussing a ques-
j tion of slavery, he deemed it not only his ught but
I his duty to call the gentleman from Virginia to j
i ' older. "He insisted upon the point of order. j
;j Mr. RHETT. Was not the gentleman from '
1 Vermont permitted to go on ? |
j Mr. MEADE said he hardly thought he was
-j traveling further out of the limits than the gentle- ,
man from Ohio [Mr. Giudikgs] had a few days '
i since, and he had not been called to order.
,! The SPEAKER, said the Chair decided that any
i' discussion of the resolution introduced a few days
j since by the gentleman from Ohio, was not m
order upon this bill.
Mr. MEADE said he was speaking upon the
subject of the Pacheco claim, and the ground had
been taken, among others, by gentlemen in this
discussion, that there was no right of property m
slaves.
The SPEAKER, The gentleman has the right
to aigue that question.
Mr, MEADE. Then have I not the right to
say that the agitation of such questions has a tend-
ency to the disruption of the Union?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no objection
to that remark.
Mr. MEADE. I am only amplifying on the
subjcct.
Since his remarks (continued Mr. M.) were
rather distasteful 10 gentlemen, he was perfectly
willing to leave that branch of the inquny, and
proceed to the question whether tlus Government
1 was bound to deliver up this slave Lewis to his
| owner, or to indemnify the owner for his loss.
: We all knew that the Government could not be
. a defendant before a court of justice, and hence
i there were no decisions to be found in our re-
! ports which established the liability of the Gov-
j ernment to damages in this form. They must,
i therefore, argue this question of law solely with
reference to the liability of individuals similarly
situated. Now, he intended to place this mat-
| ter in such a light that no legal gentleman at
1 least could vote against this bill, unless it were
■1 for some other reason than that this Government
' would not he bound to pay for the claim if it were
! placed in the same relation to the party as an
; individual would be. There were many who
, would voteagainst the bill on the ground that prop-
! erty could not be held in slaves; there were many
1 who would vote against it, for fear of their con-
stituents at home, or of those who held the bal-
ance of power at home, and under the ostensible
{ plea that the Government was not bound. He
j could not believe that there were twenty mem-
' bers of the House who would vote against the bill
: on the ground that the Government was not mor-
ally bound to make remuneration for this slave,
! and that the Government would not, if it could be
1 sued, upon principles of law and equity, be bound
■ to make restitution.
The question had been made, whether or not
Gcneial Jesup had exceeded his authority in send-
,■ ing this slave with the Indians to the West? Was
it denied that he was the agent of this Government?
If he was the agpnfr, and the officers acting under
ij him were the suo-agents, the only question to be
inquired into, to fix the liabihtyof the Government,
was, whether his original possession of the slave
1 was lawful'1 None could deny that he had the
. power to make this contract for the services of
the slave; and none could deny, that under that
contract he was 'bound to redelivei the pioperty
. thus temporarily committed to his charge. Was
1 that a legal proposition which was to be discussed
at this day? And the only way in which he could
relieve himself, as the agent of the Government,
, from redelivering this slave was, that circumstances
' intervened which made it impossible for him to do
' so. If the slave, after being captured by the In-
dians, had conunuedmtheirposscssion,orsecreted
' himself so that he could not afterwards be found or
recovered, the Government would not be bound to
make restitution; for Pacheco, when he hired this
slave at twenty-five dollars per month, took upon
himself all the hazards of war and of the service
for which he lured his slave.
But the original possession of the slave by Gen-
eral Jesup, under the contract, was a lawful pos-
session, and it was a lawful contract; and after the
! service contracted for had ceased, he was bound by
: that contract to redeliver the slave to his owner,
unless some contingency intervened which made it
1 impossible for him to do so 
i Mr. PETTiT interposed ana (the floor being
. yielded) said, he had nodisEcuIty at all in admitting
| that property might be held in slaves; but he wished
1 to ask the gentleman whether, if private property,
I be it slaves or horses, were cnptuied in war by the
enemy, that private propei ty did not become, as a
necessary consequence, or per se, (as John Tyler
would sav,) the personal property of the captor?
and whether it must not remain so, not only during
the war, but forever, unless by the terms of peace,
by the stipulations or the treaty of peace, private
property was surrendered ?
Mr. MEADE said lie had intended to dis-
1 cuss that point, winch had been adverted to by
, the gentleman fiom Vermont. He would do so;
and,"in so doing, v/ould give an answer tothegen-
i tleman from Indiana. But the fundamental error
committed by the gentleman from Indiana, as well
as by the gentleman from Vermont, consisted in
the idea that the Sennnoles, whom we were en-
deavoring to reduce to subjection, were a nation.
They had never been treated as a nation. The
object of the Government in commencing this war
with them, had been eithei to orive them beyond
the confines of the country or to extesininate them.
Was that ever the object m view between nations
' going to war- Were the cantrr* s made by the
Indians during the Seminole predatory war to be
! governed by the same principles ot international
law as o-nverned the intercourse between this coun-
.! try and Great Britain when they we;e at war?
;; That was the error into which gentlemen had
