248
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 13,
fallen. No gentleman could contend with any
plausibility, that a tribe of Indians living within a
sovereign State of this Confederacy, temporarily r
occupying, by the consent of our Government, a
small tract of country under our jurisdiction, was
a nation, invested with all the rights of a nation.
Was that the position assumed by gentlemen upon
the other side—assumed as an excuse for their
voting against this bill ?
- If there were not legal decisions even in favor of
the restitution of this slave, or of indemnifying his
master, there was a moral obligation, under the
circumstances, resting upon the Government to do
one of these things; and nothing could relieve gen-
tlemen from the necessity of admitting this posi-
tion, unless they took the ground that there was
no property in slaves. General Jesup went this
slave abroad for national reasons alone; from mo-
tives of public policy, (as we arc told,) for the pur-
pose of keeping the country in which he lived
quiet. For the good of the country at large was this
step taken, and it had been sanctioned and ratified
by the Government. How? By the refusal of
the Government to redeliver him to his owner; by i
their never complaining to General Jesup that he
had transcended his authority 111 this matter. Did
we find, in the correspondence of the Executive
department, any line which showed that our Gov-
ernment dissented from that act of General Jesup?
Was not that, then, a virtual acquiescence and
ratification of the act? Having retaken the prop-
erty which had been hired by an agent of the
Government, and having again obtained posses-
sion, did not the original contract fasten upon
it, and require the Government to redeliver the
property thus having been letaken, having been
placed by the chances of war in a condition in
winch it could comply with the contract? What ,
was it which relieved the Government from com- '
plying with the conditions of the contiact? Was
the original contract made with Pacheco good
or not? And what was that contract? It was,
that the United States should receive services
of a certain character from the slave of Pache-
co, for which Pacheco was to be paid a certain
sum, he running all the hazards incident to the
service; but the Government, on the other hand,
of course binding itself under the contract to take
such care of that property as lt^would take of its
own. Would any gentleman contend that a slave
* belonging to General Jesup, retaken under the
same ciicumstances, would not have been retained
by him as his property? Would gentlemen eon-
tend that a wagon and horses impressed into the j
service, taken by the Indians, and lecaptured from
them under the same ciicumstances, would not
have been returned to the owner? The idea was
preposterous, if a wagon and horses had been
taken by General Jesup to transport the Indians to
west of the Mississippi, would tiie gentleman con-
tend that the Government would rciuse to pay for
them? No such ground could be assumed.
lie was light, iheiefore, in saying that gentle-
men in voting against this bill were influenced by
the fear that property in slaves would not be io-
gurded as property by their constituents. What-
ever might be said of southern slavery, he found
a slavery in this House moie servile and repre-
hensible than any which existed in the southern
States. About one-tenth of the population of the
North had enslaved gentlemen, and deprived them
of their independence, so that they dare not vote
their own opinions, but were held in bondage by a
little squad at home, who held the balance ofpower
between them and their political opponents. There
were honoiable exceptions, he knew, if gentle-
men would at once break those chains, and join
their hands as brothers over the altar of their com-
mon country, and unite in crushing with their heels
these reptiles who are seeking to destroy this Con-
fedeiacy, and to apply the knife to the throat of
the southern master, we should never hear more
of these discussions, and they would be seen acting
as men emancipated from those shackles which
had been imposed upon them by a fraction of then-
own people.
Gentlemen said that General Jesup had exceeded
his authority. Sir, the principal is bound for even
the malfeasance and torts of ins agent. We had
heard of a case winch recently occurred in one of
our northern ciucs, of an omnibus-driver who was
hired by ins master to transport passengers, who
had urn over an individual v.ho recovered from
■ he owner of the omnibus fifteen hundred dollars.
Here the driver was certainly not hired for this
purpose, yet the principal was held responsible for
the acts of his agent. Cases of a similar nature
filled the records of the law-reporters.
But the gentleman had argued that it would be
a dangerous doctrine to the South if the general m
command of an army was allowed to impress their
slaves and transport them to the free States, where,
of course, not being regarded as fugitive slaves,
they would be entitled to their freedom. He was
-perfectly willing to run this hazard. There would
be no justification for such an act, and the owner
would be entitled to redress. There were cases
in which the public safety was superior to ail
law. Would it be denied that a general, in want
of provisions for his army, could go to the nearest
plantation in the South or in the North and take
them, even contrary to the assent of the owner?
And would gentlemen refuse to make indemnity
for them, on the ground that the general had ex-
ceeded his authority, and that the Government
was not bound? There might be cases in which
a commanding general had the right to burn the
town of his own people: would it be contended
that such an act was not the act of the Govern-
ment? There were innumerable instances of im-
pressments made by generals in command, and
redress had been sought at the hands of Govern-
ment. Had it ever been refused?
He referred to the fact that a general order
had been issued from the War Department to de-
liver up to their owners the slaves that had been
captured by the Seminoies in this war. He read
the following extiact fiom the letter of Mr. Poin-
sett (then Secretary of War) to General Jesup,
dated October 7,1837:
li With reject to the luial disposition of ihe slaves, [cap-
tured by the Creek wnt tior>,j groat eaiemust be taken that,
as fai as practicable, such ot them as aie umAwavh should
he icstorcd to then owners. The remainder must he ktpt
in safe custody, and jf possible, in such manner as will en-
able them to Criii) the value of thou subsistence, till the close
of the war ; \\ hen, it deemed expedient, those belonging to
the Indians can be restored to them; the residue lemammg
for Mich disposition as may be deemed proper. There does
not seem to me to be any authority with the Executive to
bend them to Atnca, but that nioasiue can be recommended
to Congte&s tor its sanction."
This letter directed runaway slaves, where re-
captured, to be delivered to their owners. Could
there be any distinction drawn between runaway
slaves taken by the Seminoies, and such as were
seized in the fort in which Dade's command was
massacred? The " residue" were to be reserved
" for such disposition as might be deemed proper.5'
By whom? By the Government. What dispo-
sition was deemed proper of the slave Lewis?
General Jesup thought that he should be sent west
with the Indians, and the act had been sanctioned
by the Government, inasmuch as the Government
had never complained of it. The Government
was, then, as much bound to make indemnity for
the slave, as an individual would be under the
same circumstanccs.
Before the laihoad between Washington and
Baltimore was constructed, wagons ran as com-
mon carriers between the two cities. Suppose the
driver of one of these had converted the goods
intrusted to him to his own use: the owner of the
wagon would be responsible. Jf he was robbed
on the way, and had afterwards found or recovered
the goods, and refused to deliver them, the owner
of the wagon would be still responsible.
He proceeded to read several extracts from the
law as laid down by Judge Story to fortify his posi-
tion upon the nature of the contract entered into
for the slave, and the consequcnces which attached
to it.
Judge Story was preeminent among lawyers; no
northern man would question his authority. He
says, (Story on Agency, page 540:)
41 Kut tl.c responsibility ol piiueipalb to third persons. is !
notconliucd to cases where the contract has been actually !
made under bis express or implied anthoiity. Jt extends i
luither, and binds tho principal, m all eases where the agent '
is acting wjt!m> the scope of his usual employment, or is :
luld out to the public or to the othei party as having com- i
petent uuthonty, although he lias in fact, m the particular
instance, executed or violated Iijs iristiucuons, and acted ■
vwthoutauthority. Form all such eases, wheie one ol two ■
innocent ptrsons is to suffei, he ought to tiirflr who misled ::
the ether into the coutiaet, by holding out the agent as com- 'i
peteM to act and as enjoying his confidence. We haw "
nheady seen that tins doetrmc applies to a laige cla*.-* ol
agencies*, where the part) acts under agi-neial authority, as |
contradistinguished from a special authotitj." ;l
Now, sir, the authority of commanding officers '
in time of war is scarcely ever, and from the nature i
of the service, can seldom be specifically defined. S
And in this case, General Jesup was clothed with
general authority to close the war.
The same author says, on page 554:
" ft is a general doctrine of law, that although the princi-
pal is not ordinarih liable, (tor he sometimes is,) m a cum-
mal suit, lor the acts or misdeeds of Ins asent, yet he is held
liable to'third persons, in a civil -uit, for the frauds, deceits*
concealments, misrepresentations, toits, neg!i<r< rices, and
other malfeasances or misfeasances and omissions of'dutv
ol his agent, in the eouise of his employment, although the
principal did not authonze, oi ju-tifj, or participate*^ or
indeed know of such misconduct, or even if he foibade rhe
acts or disapproved of them. In all &uch crises, the rule
applies respondent superior."
No case could occur to which this rule of law
would be more applicable than the case of Pacheco
even if General Jesup had exceeded his authority,
which is denied. But, sir, the author goes still
further, and says, page 5S0:
"The liability of the principal to thud poisons, for the
misfeasances, negligences, and torts of their agents and ser-
vants, may also arise, although the act is not done, or the
wrong is not committed, within the scope of the oidinary
business ot the principal, if it is done or committed, by the
previous command, oi with the subseqiu nt assent, adoption,
or ratification of the pnneipal. Tims, if the pimcipal should
direct his ayent to commit a trespass, or to make a conver-
sion of the property of a thhd person, or he should subse-
quently ratify oi adopt the act, when done, for his own use
or benefit, lie will be liable as an original trespasser or
wrong-doer."
It has aheady been shown, that this slave was
sent away for public considerations, or, in the
words of the author, for the "use and benefit" of
the public, and that the Government, by its acqui-
escence, had ''adopted and ratified'' the net.
In controversion of the argument that the com-
manding general should be held responsible to the
claimant, he read from the decision of the case of
Gidley vs. Lord Palmerston, to show that a public
agent could not be held personally answerable for
actions of this nature, and that the Government
was responsible even for the malfeasance and torts
of its agent, and he pioceeded to allude to some
of the considerations of public policy upon winch
such a principle was founded. On the authority
of the case of Gidley vs. Lord Palmerston, Judge
Story (page 3S5) says: " It has been held that no
4 suit will lie against a person who is Secretary of
' War for refusing to pay over moneys which he
t has received to distribute among certain claim-
• ants."
In this case Mr. Justice Ashhurst observed: " In
{ great questions of policy we cannot argue from
' the nature of private agreements. Great incon-
veniences would result from considering a gov-
' ernor or commander as personally responsible.
4 No man would accept of any office of trust under
' Government upon such conditions." Judge Story
says that this personal responsibility may be as-
sumed, but " the proofs ought to be exceedingly
4 cogent and clear, in order to create such personal
4 responsibility in a known public agent, and to
' repel the presumption of laic that he contracts only
4 on the credit of the Government." General Jesup
was the accredited agent of the country; he found
it necessary, upon considerations of public policy, to
send this slave Lewis outot the country. Even sup-
posing that Gen. Jesup had transcended his author-
ity, it was admitted that he had acted in good faith
with reference to the general interests of the coun-
try, and, he asked, should an innocent person be
made to suffer in consequence5 Would gentle-
men mete out justice to the citizcn with ?o sparing
a hand r The Government was bound to make
restitution of the value of the slave. No gentle-
man would hesitate to do so> if the ctaim was for
other property which had thus been placed beyond
the control of its owner.
He also read an extract of a letter from General
Jesup to Mr. Poinsett, dated April 9, i837, in
which it was stated that the Indian chiefs had en-
tered into an engagement to suirender negroes
taken duiirig the war," and "to deliver them to
the commanding oificeis of the posts on the St.
John's." He presumed (though he had not looked
minutely into the facts) that this slave Lewis was
included in this stipulation.
He could see no excuse for gentlemen voting
against this claim. He had never known a case
which came before Congtess more strongly rec-
ommended by justice. The owner having taken
upon himself the risk of the chances of war, of the
escape, and of the death of his negro, the Govern-
ment was certainly bound, after the service had
expired under the contract, to return the slave to
his owner; and being m a position in which it was
enabled to do so, but choosing to send him beyond
