1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
249
the reach of his master, justice most obviously re-
quired that indemnity should be made.
No reason had been assigned to the contrary;
but the objections rested upon the animosity en-
tertained by gentlemen from one section of the
country against the property held by another sec-
tion. If southern claimants were refused indem-
nity in cases of this description; if the doois of
justice were closed upon them; and, in addition,
'if Congress refused to pass the necessary laws to
enable them to recover their fugitive slaves under
the express provisions of the Constitution,—he
would like to know of what value was this Union
to the people of the South?
When the States of Virginia, the Carolinas, and
Georgia, came into the Union, it was supposed
that the Union would be a means by which their
prosperity and happiness would be promoted. It
was certainly not intended, that by entering into
this Confederacy, they should be restrained or
restricted in the enjoyment of any right; but, on
the contrary, the Confederacy was regarded as a
means by which all their rights and their future
prosperity would be more fully enjoyed and more
perfectly secured. But has all this been realized?
The southern States, indeed, had largely shared in
the places of honor and tiusi in this Union. With
respect to the laurels acquired in war, and with
respect to the reputation accorded to our slates-
men—with respect to all these benefits, the people
of the southern States, he admitted, had enjoyed
their full share. But to their own enterprise, to their
own genius, and to their own gallantry are they
indebted for these things. But, apart from these
considerations, he would ask, of what value was
this Confederation to the southern people, if their
slave property, amounting to nine hundred mil-
lions of dollars, was no more to be regarded as a
possession of right, and was to be subject con-
tinually to the depredations of the very men who
had come under obligations of mutual protection?
Why, upon the principle assumed by northern
gentlemen, if a vessel, laden with this species of
property, were to sail from the capes of Virginia
for the mouth of the Mississippi, an abolition cap-
tain of a United States vessel, acting under a spe-
cial mission from Jibove^ might seize it, set the
slaves ashore on a British island, and when their
owners come in and require of the Government
indemnity for their slaves, they would be told that
the naval commander, acting under the holy influ-
ence of his conscience, was alone responsible for all
the property so lost; that the Government could
have nothing to do with it; they might be respon-
sible for the little articles of property accompanying
the slaves, but not for the slaves themselves. Ana
the same plea might be set up by the British Gov-
ernment, or any other Government whose officeis
might commit a like aggression, Would gentle-
men who hold that slaves are not property assist
us m such a case ?
He asked, if, at some future day, a hostile for-
eign crusade should be undeitaken against the
southern States, in older to put down the institu-
tion of slavery there, whether, in such event, they
could expect any relief from their northern breth-
ren? If Charleston, New Orleans, and all the in-
termediate coast, were to be invaded with hostile
fleets, avowing such a purpose, what assistance
could they expect? Was it to be reasonably ex-
pected by the (South, that m such an event the
people of Boston or New York would come for- j
ward to their assistance? No, sir, not if all were 1
of the same mind as some on this floor, (and that
they are lapidly approximating in opinion, no one ,
will deny.) They would say to the South, We will ,
take no part or lot in this strife; ye yourselves arc 1
the aggressors in the matter which oppresses you;
and the invasion of your coasts is but a means by
which, in the order of a good Providence, it has ■
become necessary to chastise you ! But if Boston
or New Vork was sacked, they would expect (and |
not in vain) southern men to fly to their relief, |
Consequences like these were intimately in- ,
volved in the principle upon which the bill under :
consideration had been opposed. Reject it, and no •
slaveholder could longer look to Congress for pro- !
tection, or to the Constitution as the broad panoply J
under which ail may rest in safety. There was an '
evil feeling growing out of the agitation of tins |
question of slavery. A feeling for separation was ;
rapidly progressing at the South; and unless gen- i
tlemen here were prepared to tell the southern peo- ]
pie that they still regarded them as a branch  I
Mr. DICKEY (interposing) asked the gentle-
man from Virginia who introduced the bill under
consideration? Was it introduced by any north-
ern man?
Mr. MEADE replied: No, sir. But gentlemen
from the North had raised the issue about piop-
erty in slaves. Does the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania say that we are not to come here for the
restitution of our property which the Government
has appropriated ?
Mr. DICKEY. Whenever you bring a well-
grounded claim for property, you may expect it to
be restored.
Mr. MEADE continued. That reply was ex-
actly what he had expected The people of the
South were to be debaued from maintaining a claim
for property in slaves; and if they were not to be
allowed by the North to maintain a claim of this
sort, was it to be supposed that the North would
aid the South m defence of their right to this spe-
cies of property, even by repelling a foreign in-
vasion? He would say to the House that such
apprehensions prevailed extensively in the South.
The slaveholder doubts whether his property
would be protected by Congress if invaded; and
he would ask how long this Confederacy could ex-
ist under the spreading influences of such an opin-
on ? Nay, he would ask whether, if this bill should
be rejected because slaves are not propei ty, it could
be regarded as a thing very desirable on the part of
the South that it should exist at «tll? It certainly
was not, unless the slaveholding States, as members
of thisgreatand growing Republic, could he allowed
to enjoy their rignts of pi opei ty as fully and as fieely
as they shared the laurels of their country's victo-
ries and the reputation of her statesmen. He would
like for gentlemen to show in what respect the
Union could be considered of the slightest advan-
tage to the southern States whenever a principle
like this should obtain the sanction of Congress ?
For himself, he declared, that in such an event, he
would not give the snap of his finger for it. When
he took his seat m that body twelve months ago,
there was scarcely a man at the South who regarded
] the Union with moic reverence than he did. But
[ in the course of the present session he had wit-
| nessed what he considered a most flagrant and
! uncompromising system of attack upon the rights
I and interests of the South; and he had been com-
pelled to listen to the most opprobrious epithets,
employed not only in debate, but m resolutions
which had been passed by that body.
Mr. VAN DYKE (interposing, and Mr. Meade
giving way) said, if lie understood the gentleman
fiorn Virginia, he was complaining of a mattei as
the act of the noithem members, which was
brought about by the votes of gentlemen from the
South, and in part, as he believed, by the vote of
the gentleman himself. He alluded especially to
the vote sustaining the previous question upon the
resolution to which the gentleman had just referred.
He would like to know how many southern men.
voted to sustain the demand foi the pievious ques-
tion upon that resolution, by which the House was
forced to the vote, without any opportunity for
amendment or explanation.
Mr. MEADE replied that he cared not how
many southern men voted to sustain the previous
question: even if he had so voted himself, it was
to disclose to the South, by a vote on the subject,
the danger that threatened them, and the leal &tale
of feeling on the pait of northern men. He de- ,
sired not to delay it he could not pievent the issue .
that was coming upon us. He peiceived the dan-
ger, and was prepated to meet it at the thieshoid;
and he would say now, that if there was to be any
internal commotion on account of this question, it
were better for the South for it to come at once,
and not be delayed until after years, when the
seeds of senile insurrections might be sown, it |
were much better lor the crisis to come now, !
while the best feeling of lo\e and confidence be- i
tween master and slave prevailed upon evety plant- !
ation, than for it to be procrastinated till the time j
when much of this good icelmg might be destroyed: 1
better far that it should not be delayed till the j
people of the Suuth find themselves in the midst j
of enemies at their own homes, instead of the j
friends by whom they were now suirounded. |
[Here the Speaker's hammer fell.] !
Several gentlemen addressed the Speaker at ;
nearly the same instant. ]
Mr. HALL, of New York, obtained the floor, 1
and prepared to address the House. :
Mr. KAUFMAN said, if the gentleman from
New 'York would give way, he desired to move
an adjournment.
Mr. HALL said, as far as he was concerned
personally, he would prefer not to speak to-day.
He would yield the floor for a motion to adjourn.
Mr. KAUFMAN then moved that the House
adjourn.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, demanded
the yeas and nays upon this motion; and the yeas
and nays were ordeied, and being taken, the vote
was announced—yeas 24, nays 153.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. HALL, of New York, said lie had not come
to the House this morning with any expectation
of submitting any remarks upon the bill under
consideration. But having yesterday given to some
of'the legal questions involved in this bill some
little examination, in connection with the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Hudson] who sat
behind him, it was understood between that gentle-
man and himself that the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts would endeavor to obtain the floor and
address the House to-day. That gentleman had
this morning informed him that the condition of
his health was such that he could not now under-
take that duty; and it having been affirmed by gen-
tlemen in favor of the bill that there was no ground
upon which opposition could be made, except the
single principle that there can be no property in
persons, he had sought (he floor for the purpose of
referring very briefly to some of the conclusions,
other than this, by which he was influenced to vote
against it. The gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Collamer] had this morning expressed opinions
in reference to some of the questions involved in
this case; and concurring generally with those
opinions, it was not his intention to go over the
ground which that gentleman had maintained with
an ability he could not hope to equal.
As he understood the facts in this case, it was
claimed, on the part of those who support the bill,
that the slave Lewis had been, or was, the prop-
erty of Pacheco; and that by Pacheco, or some
other person acting as his representative or agent,
Lewis was hired to Major Dade, an officer of the
United States army, to be used by him as a guide
and interpreter, in his hostile operations against
the Seminole Indians in Florida. It appeared,
from the evidence adduced, that this was the spe-
cific purpose tor which this slave was lured by the
agent of the United States. It was known to his
owner that these Indians were in open hostility
arrayed against oui troops, then in the field; and
that war was being prosecuted against them. It
was a part of the contract between the officer of
the United States and the owner of the slave, that
he was to be employed in this particular service as
a guide to Major Dade's detachment. The evi-
dence also showed that there was no stipulation m
the contract in relation to any risk to be taken on
the part of the United States, by which the owner
might be indemnified for the loss of his slave by
any of the casualties of the service. The risk,
theiefore, as such, was assumed by the owner, or
left to be determined by the ordinary uiles of law.
I his being the case, could there be any doubt
where the risk or liability must rest, as between
the bailor and the bailee > Could there be any
doubt that the bailor—the paity who owns the
propei ty—must, in such a case, take upon himself
all the natural and ordinary risks of the service m
which his property, with his consent, was to be
engaged? Under the circumstances of the hiring, it
was manifest that among the ordinary risks and
hamulus of the service, weie capture by the ene-
my, and death by the hands of the Seminole or
hostile Indians. This negro, in pursuance of such
hiring, accompanied the command of Major Dade,
it was supposed, that while thus engaged as guide
and interpreter to this detachment, he betrayed it
into the hands of the enemy; but this fact was not
clearly established by the evidence. AH that could
be ceitainly known of the case was, simply, that
nearly the whole command was captured and mas-
sacieel; and all that accompanied the detachment,
including the slave Lewis, fell into the hands of
the enemy.
Now, upon this statement of the case, he (Mr.
H.) understood, that up to this period, nothing
had transpired upon which could be founded any
valid claim for indemnity on account of this negio,
even if he were to be regarded as the slave and
property of Pacheco. It would be conceded—the
