1849.
• / \/
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
251
the part of the United States, or of the original
owners, to leduce him again to servitude.
On lcference to the facts of the case, it appeared
that the negro was hiied in December, 1835. If
lie recollected aright, lie was taken by the Indians
;n A-itne of the last days of that month; and the first
that was heard of him after his capture that has
any bearing, upon the claim in this ease was, that
he came in with Jumper and his Indians in April
or May, 1837. Therefore, being in possession of
t lie Indians—in their full power—for about the space
of a year and three months, all right of postliminy
was gone. If he was to be regarded as piopeity,
the Indians, his owners, had a light to emancipate
him or take him West as a part of their property,
in case their laws authorized them so to hold him.
In the event of his emancipation, as he had already
said, neither the Indians nor his owner nor the
United States, had any light again to reduce him to
slavery. In case of his being claimed by the Indi-
ans under their light of capture and by them held
as a slave, they had a right, under the provisions
of the convention of the 6th of March, 1837, to take
him west. The Government was not bound to
protract the war after the peiiod when the public
interest lequired its termination for the purpose of
restoring slaves, or this particular slave, to their
owners. They made an arrangement to put an
end to the war, and they had a right to make and
did make an arrangement, by which they agreed
that all the Indians should emigrate to the West,
and that their negroes, who were their bona fide
property, might accompany them.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Meade] had
refeired to a letter of General Jesup, in winch he
directed that slaves taken from the Indians should
be held to the close of the war, and that runaways
should then be restored to their owners. And on
this letter the gentleman had based an argument
in favor of the right and the duty of the United
States to leturn this negro to his owner, Pacheco.
Now, he (Mr. H.) insisted that the language
of the letter lather showed that there was no in-
tention to restore any slaves taken by the Indians
under circumstances of this character, and which
had by the laws of war become the property of the
Indians. The instructions given to the oificer to
deliver slaves to their owners were confined to
runaways, who, instead of being taken in open
war and becoming the property of the Indians by
capture, had escaped and gone among the Indians
to reside. No right ot capture had there accrued,
and it was the right (not the duty) of the Govern-
ment, if they chose, to allow these runaways to
be restored to their masteis. The masters them-
selves would have had a right to reclaim or leplevy
them, but it was not the duty of the Government
to interfere for the purpose of obtaining their re-
turn. And the Government made that distinction
in the directions which they had issued to their
officers, by applying the instructions to return ne-
gioes to those only who were runaways, having
voluntarily joined the Indians m order to escape
from their masters.
This distinction was shown by the letter of Mr.
Poinsett, Secretary of War, dated October 7,1837,
in which he says:
<k With respect to the linn) disposition of the slaves, great
care inn t be taken, that as Ui a* piacueahle stit'i of them
as ann unawuyi should be lestored to_ then owner?. The
rem.undei mu-t be Kepi in -aft, cu^todr, and, it pes-oble, in
sueli manner as will enable them to earn the v alne ot their
subd-tence nil the close ol the war; when, if deemed < xpe-
dieni, thojf belonging totno 1 ndian^eau be le.-toi cd to them,
the re-ad ue remain nig foi siidi disposition as may be deemed
piopei."
Mr. BURT rose to explain, and Mr. Hall hav-
ing yielded the floor for the puipose—
Mr. BURT said, that if the gentleman would
look into the documents which had been brought
forward by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Dickey,] he would find that every solitary
slave who was found in possession of the Semi-
nole Indians wras lestoied to his owner, except
the few sent to the West, under circumstances sim-
ilar to those which attended the case of the slave of
Pacheco. That was the original order of General
Jesup, issued in accordance with the order of the
Indian Bureau. In addition to the slave of Pa-
checo, there were eleven other slaves, who, from
similar considerations of public policy, had been
sent to the West.
He desired, with all respect, to ask the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Hall,] whether the
right of capture was not a right of war ? Was it
any other right9 Did not the laws of war exist
oniy between independent sovereign nations ? And
would anybody on earth suppose that an Indian
tribe in these United States was a sovereign na-
tion. and entitled to the privileges of the laws of
war ?
Mr. HALL resumed the floor. He said that in
answer to the inquiry of the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Hurt,] he would say, that proba-
bly these Indian natioys were not independent sov-
ereign nations, in the fullest sense of the term. The
Supreme Court did not so consider them, although
they held them capable of sustaining the lelations
of peace and war. We did not recognize them as
such jn all respects, but we claimed to exercise a
sort of paternal control or authority over them.
But we did recognize a state of war as existing
between us and them, and we had recognized it
as existing between us and this particular nation.
A war with these Indians had been waged for
years, at a cost to this Government of upwaids of
twenty millions of dollais. And yet the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Green,] and, if he (Mr. H.j
understood him, the gentleman from South Caroli-
na, [Mi. Bukt,j claimed that this was no wai; that
these Indians, who had so long baffled the power
of the United States, were nothing moie than a
small party of thieves and horse stealers; and that
therefore under no circumstances could the laws of
war be made applicable to them.
But this principle could not be maintained. As
between the Indians and us, when we entered into
a solemn war against them, all the laws of war
must apply to them as they would apply to other
nations. Would gentlemen claim for a single
moment, that if we had taken the Senunoles pus-
oners, we could have tieated them as we weie
not authorized to treat prisoners, taken under sim-
ilar circumstances from civilized nations? Would
they claim that we had a right to arraign them for
treason, or that we had a light to hang them for
appearing in arms against the United States? JNo
gentleman would contend that any such action
could be taken under any legitimUe authority.
We had time and again made treaties with these
Indians, recognizing them as soveieign and inde-
pendent—as having at least a qutui sovereignty,
such as we could lecogmze—sucn as would autho-
nze them and us to tieat each other asm a sstatc of
war, when hostilities were carried on between us.
But if we chose to regard them as soveieign and
independent nations, and to apply to t hem the \ tiles
of war as existing between civilized nations, what
right had one of our citizens to come heie and
say, that they were not sovereignties having rights
as such, and so to be regarded* The question
was a political question; and the political de-
partments of the Government, and the Supreme
Court of the United States also, if he recollected
right, had recognized them as existing independent
sovereignties with whom a state of war could exist,
and with whom treaties could be made on the part
of the United Mates.
But the gentleman from South Carolina objected
that any ot the laws of war in ielation to tins ques-
tion should be applied as between us and the In-
dian tubes. If the gentleman would iefer to the
report which he had himself made in this case, he
would see that he mm&elf had taken the ground
that there was a captme and a recaptuie of this !
negro, and that the laws of war and the light of
postliminy applied to tins case, ile (Mr. H.)
would read an extract hom that report:
"Whether Lewis went into the possession ol Jusnprr a-?
a tugUivi> <n acaptm, wh-n he came tinder the control ot
tire commanding olhu-i oi the Umti d Slates by sun end- r or
lccapturc, upon the clearest pnnuples ol public law the
right* ot the owner were ie?toied. and it v\uo the uuty ot the ■
Government to re lme the possesion ot m- property, iuhia
treatise on the law oi nation?., Vattel says:
" k Tire sovereign In obliged to pioteet the. prisons and
' g<>od- ot hii s-ul jnets , and to deft-mi tb"iu auain-t the ene-
'my; theicfore, when a subject oi any pai t ol hi-^ -ubstance
11> talltm into ihe hands ot the enemy, should any loitunate
'e.vcnt bung them again into the .-oven igu'o powei,itis
( clearly incumbent on Inm to nstoie them to then touner
£ btaitt; he is to n establish the peison- in all then i l^hts and
' obligations, to give luck the eti<-ct< to the owneis ; m a
' woid, to cC'ttlo ail thng> as they weie bclote tn<-y lell into
1 the enemy '  hands.'
"'Pur-cm* return and things are recovered by tiie right of
i post thai ny when, at ter being taken by t neenum . thev « orue
{again ui.tiet the power of their own actum Tint- this i ight
i take.*, plaee as soon as such persons oi things taken by trie
' enemy tail into the hairdo oi soldiers belonging to the same
1 nation, or aie biought back to the amiy, the eump, their
< sovereign's U.i ntoi ies, or tht places uiuh r his command.'
''Surely there vva-" nothing in the relation which the
Florida Indians boie to the United States which exempted
them fiom the operation of laws so well established and uf
such paramount authority." •
If the gentleman would look a page or two fur-
ther into Vattel, he would see that the n<rht of
postliminy in the original owner, in relation to
movable property, captured by land forces in a
land war expired in twenty-four hours; but that
m relation to real property, which was immov-
able, the right of postliminy existed until the ter-
mination of the war; and if9 by recapture or treaty,
the property again fell into the hands of the Gov-
ernment, the light of postliminy existed, and the
property was returned to the hands of the owner.
He admitted that, m relation to slaves, the Roman
law made a distinction, and that slaves were re-
garded for this purpose as immovable property,
and that by this Roman law, the right of postliminy
in slaves existed until the termination of the wai.
But this distinction was not recognized by any civil-
ized country in the world, and he trusted that it
never would be recognized by the United States.
Slaves, if treated as property at all by this Gov-
ernment, must be treated as movable property,
and the light of postliminy expired, as he had
stated, with the termination of twenty-four hours
from the time movable pioperty came into the
full possession and power of the captor. He
thought that thi gentleman from South Caiohna
could not very well stand up heie and say, after
attempting to apply to this case the principles of
public law applicable in wars between civilized
nations, that these principles had no application
whatever. If they had no application whatever,
by what right did the gentleman claim, that when
the Government had recaptured ihe negto, if they
did recapture him, he should be returned to his
original owners? It was only under the laws of
war as recognized by civilized nations, that such a
claim could be made under the doctrine of jus post'
liminii, to which the gentleman had refened in his
report.
The gentleman had quoted from Vattel; and fol-
lowing tiiegentlenum'squotation, and perhaps upon
the next page, would be found the following limita-
tion of the general rule, as stated in the gentleman's
quotation:
u <) 200. Naturally, every kind of piopeity might be re-
coven d by the ni-ht ol po-t hnnnuimj ami tin re i> no
nitrni-ic na on why movables -hould be <xupt<dni tins
e ise, providi d thev can he eei tamly reco«ruzed aid nien-
iitiul. Ach oidinglv, the ancient-, on leeovermii -ucii tilings
tiom the enem/, hcq.iently te-ioicd iImmii to tlnir Conner
owiuis. But the diilu ultie*. of leeogniy.iug thing- of this
nature,and the endles- dt-pufis whu.li would an-.e from the
pro-t euiion ol the u\v net s' i hums* to them, li i\ e beeii dee mi f!
motive-, of-ufiieient weMi'it lor the ^en-'ial t.-tabu-hmen1" of
a contrary pracuee. To these considerations we ma\ add,
that liom the little hope enteitamed nt reooveiing tlhcis
taken iiom tin. enenn and once eai iled to a piacc ofn/Jdy,
a reasonable pie-umption anses, that ihe former ovvneis
have relinquished their property, it is. therefore, with
lea-oil th<u moinlli'b ur !.u)ty arc exttjiled jium the i i«Ul vj
just liminntin, unless frc-ni Ihe enmuj ipiirt'dmti'.y
ajter Lie capture of Ihoii: in which ea«e the piopnejor
neither trnds a difficulty in reeogm/ang Ins ehee!-, not is
j>re-utiied to hive tcinHpi.slied them. And. a- the custom
ha- once been admitted, and i-= now well established, theie
would beau ntjii-tice in violating it."
The modern lule had fixed twenfy-four hours
as the limit to this iisrht of postliminy; and if
property was recaptured withm twenty-lout hours,
it was now deemed an immediate recapture within
the rule laid down m theextiact fiom Vauel which
he had last quoted.
It was claimed General Jesup should have de-
livered up the slave to the original owner. And
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Meads] lead
one portion of the letter as an evidence that ne-
| groes had been delivered up to the commanding
I officer. General Jesup, in his letter of April 9,
I 1837, says:
: [VVe weie not able to procure this extract in
i time for publication.]
I The gentleman from Virginia did not read an-
! other poiuon of the letter in which Geneial Jesup
| said:
] [We were not able to obtain this extract.]
I If this negro, he lepeated, camc in under the
I terms of capitulation, there was nothing which re-
i quned these Indians to restore the negroes, either
j to the owners or to the United States.
j It had been claimed that the United States were
i bound to pay for the negro, because they took
1 him for public purposes, and that tliey were bound
! to make compensation. They did not take hun
from Pacheco. He was not Pacheco's propei ty;
and if General Jesup did take him from Pachcco,
as he (Mr. H.) insisted he did not, it was still
