THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE/
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
30th Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 17, 1849.
New Series No. 17.
confirm any claim or part thereof, where the amount claimed j!
is undefined in quantity, or shall exceed one thousand acres; I'
but in all .such canes shall report the testimony, with their j1
opinions, to the Secretary of the Treasury, lo be hud before i j
Congress for their determination." * * * * i|
One error begets another. Start wrong;, and you ||
must 2:0 on wrong. So of this bill. It assumes '!
all land titles in New Mexico and California to be
possessions to be laid down as they emanated
from the previous Government, to be laid down
upon the map according- to their calls or bound-
aries. And then, in case there be reason to believe
any titles fraudulent, there is a mode of trying
them judicially, of trying the cases separately and
independently: to proceed against the original
bad; it calls upon everybody to come in and prove jj grant—to impeach what is impeachable, and (ry it
up their titles. This is extraordinary power. It
is inquisitorial. It is holding an inquisition upon
property, and requiring the owner to appear and
make good his claim. The requisition would be
nugatory, if there was not power to enforce his
attendance, and therefore this power is given to
the commissioners. Here it is:
"The commissioners are herehv authorized to administer
oaths, to compel the attendance of witnesses by the subpoe-
nas issued by the secretary, and the production of such tes-
timony as may be wanted; to inflict punishments, eitherby
fine, impiisoninent, or both, as thev may deem propei, to
the same extent that court* of law are now authonzed, for
?iny refusal or neglect to obey those subpoenas or ro testitj:
th' y shall have acee--s to all papers and record-* ot a public
natiue iclative to any land titles within said territory, and
authority to make transenpts thereof." * *
MSveiy witnc--? attending under any process from the
commissioners, shall he allowed one dollar a day, and one
dollar for every twenty miles tuivel, to be paid hv the party
summoning lum."
This power over the person is to enforce the ex-
ercise of power over property. People are to be
summoned to attend the commissioners, and pay
for being summoned—to bring witnesses, and pay
a dollar for every day's attendance, and every
twenty miles' travel; and for not coming, or not
answering, they are subject to be punished by fine
or imprisonment, or both. The commissioners
may inflict punishment upon them—upon the
whole population of the two Territories: and thus,
to sustain an inquisition into titles, contrary to the
treaty, to the law of nations, to the decisions of the
Supreme Court, contrary to the law of prescription,
and to all justice, power is given to these commis-
sioners over the persons of the land owners—
power to inflict punishment upon them—to fine
them without stint, and to imprison them as long \'<
as the board may continue. j!
Following up the scheme of the bill—the power J
to disturb and destroy everything—to decide and !|
finish nothing—the section which I now read pro- !i
vides for putting the claims into four classes, and
sending them to Congress for adjudication of each
class. Here is the section:
Srcr. 0. he it further enacted) That in making report
jn detail nf all they have don« to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, the comrm-sioners shall sepatate the claims into four
elates, class A, part one, to contain nil complete titles, for
Jess- than oric thousand acies, which in then opinion should
be confirmed ; cla^s A, part two, those of a like chaiaeter,
which in their opinion should be rejected : class 15, part one,
those inchoate titles tor ie-s, than one thousand aeres, which
should be confirmed ; chvs B, part two, tho-sc ot a like de-
sciiplion, which should be rejected ; class 0, part one, those
cl.unw containing over one thousand acies, wheie, in their i
opinion, they are sustained by proof; class C, pari two, j
tho.se claim' of like character which are not sustained by j
proof; and cbiss j), all tbo.-e cases where interferences exist j
between J?pani>h and Mexican grants." 1
Now, will Congress ever do this work ? ever |
unravel these classcsr evei go through this com- '
plication of claims ? No. Never, never, never! j
It has not yet finished the Louisiana claims, which '
were close by, and which have had Delegates, ]
Representatives, and Senators to attend to them
for forty years. Forty years have not sufficed for 1
Congress to finish the Louisiana claims with all
these advantages: will one hundred years be enough '
for New Mexico and California? ■,
The bill is fundamentally wrong—wrong even
in the mode of getting at its own object. The ob- ;
ject is to find out the vacant land. For this pur- j
pose a knowledge of all original grants is sufficient;
out this bill must know all the present possessors, j
If there are a thousand—and I presume there are [i to1 find it, and that i;
many thousands in some instances—of settlers
under one grant, each settler must now bring
in his title and prove. This is absurd. We
only want to know the quantity and the locality
of what has been granted away by the previous
Government, that we may take the remainder
judicially—and not to impeach the whole country,
and condemn without trial.
What I have said, Mr. President, applies to the
first part of the bill—the part which relates to the
ascertainment of land titles: there is a second part
of the bill relating to a new subject, and to which
I now speak. This new part relates to the gold
mines, as they are called, though nothing but gold
washings; and is not copied from any code in the
world. It is a new thing, and not the creation of
the Land Committee, or of any committee. It
comes down from the Treasury Department, and
the Land Committee is not responsible for it. I
will read the sections which introduce these new
provisions, that I may do entire justice to them:
u That the said surveyor general shall he, and he is here-
by, authorized to subdivide the sections containing mineral
j lands into lots of suitable and convenient size tor sale, not
' less than two acres each, by lines drawn north and south,
! or ei*:t and west as may be required, from point.- at equal
I distances between the section and halt section corner-? to
opposite corresponding poinis, and to designate tho-e Ior«
by numbers, giving the lengths of the lines bounding the
same."
And again:
"The register, moreover, shall be, and he is lurebv, au-
thorized, immediately aftei the survey of the mineral lands,
to proclaim the panic for sale, oi such portion thereof ,1* he
mxvdeetn most conducive to the mteie-ts of the Un'ted
States at once to dispose of, giving at !ea«t thirty da\s'
notice of the time and place of sale, and specifying the par-
ticular land-* to be ottered. He shall then offer the" JamMor
<-ale at public auction, subject to s-neh minimum as maybe
fixed by the cnmrms"-ionei«;, not le^, howevei, than one
dollai and twenty five cento per acie."
This is the principle—a sale, in parcels of two
acres, after a valuation fixed—of these gold wash-
ings; for gold, I presume, is only intended, al-
though the comprehensive word mineral is used—
a word which comprehends all the common and
useful ores and metals, coal, medicinal waters,
iron, copper, lead, and tin. Under this bill not
merely the gold washings, but all the common and
useful metals may be locked up from public use
until valued by a mineralogist, and then sold in
two-acre lots. The provision is evidently intended
for gold; but the word mineral includes all ores, all
metals, all natural substances capable of chemical
attraction. It is a looseness and comprehensive-
ness of language not to be tolerated in a law But
consider it as intended—as confined to these gold
washings—and how unwise the idea of selling
them, and in two acres, and upon valuation! As
washings,-they are brief and transient, exhausted
in a few months or years. The gold in these wash-
ings is a temporary crop—as temporary as a crop of j
grass, or a haivest of acorns: and who would think
of selling the fee simple where only one crop was to
be gathered ? A mine is one thing—a waah is an-
other. Mining requires great capital—a fee simple i
estate—and a huge tract of land—and is worked for !
an age or centuries. After these washings are ex- j
hausted, mining may follow; and that is the time to j
sell the fee simple, but not in patches of two acres, j
To the washer two acres is a hundred times too >
much; to the miner it is a thousand times too little. |
It suits nobody, and goes upon a wronsr principle.
It goes upon the principle that every two acres is
alike, and that the value can be told by looking at I
it. No such thing. The value can only be told ]
by digging, and many two acres will contain no j
gold, and many patches of twenty or thirty foot
quare will contain a rich depo^ite. The object is
to be done by hunting—by
going from one place to another—by trying many
places. For this purpose, it is not fee simples in
two acres that are wanted, but permits to hunt,
and protection in the discovery when a deposite is
found. This is the only rational mode of working
these gold washes. It is the mode followed in ail
Itjs with that view, Mr. President, that the sub- j1 countries where they exist.
stitute which I propose requires all the grants and H These washings are called in Spanish placer, i!
17
| from the Latin placere, to please; because it is a
pleasing thing to find the shinmggold under one's
, feet. But it is a transient pleasure. There is no
; fee simple in it: there is not even alife estate in it:
not even a lease for a year, a month, a week, or a
day. The pleasure is soon gone. Exhausted pla-
cers now exist in New Mexico, formerly yielding
much, now some twenty-five or fifty cents a day,
and only pursued by the poorest Mexicans. Reg-
ular mining has followed there, and is now yield-
ing considerable quantities. These washings of
California are marveiously rich; for we have to
believe what is certified to us by so many witness-
es: but they are not the richest that ever were seen.
Far from it. Those of Brazil, in the mountains
back of Rio Janeiro, in the time of Lord Anson's
voyage, say one hundred years ago, were far rich-
er; and yet they have been exhausted so long that
all memory of them is lost, and their history only
lives in old books. Two millions sterling—ten
millions of dollars—were annually sent to Europe,
for years, from these washings. They were worked
by slaves, who, to secure their fidelity and .indus-
try, were usually allowed by their masters.all the
proceeds of the day above a given amount; and in
that way many slaves became rich, purchased their
freedom,and then boughtsla\es of their own, lived
in splendor and opulence, and laid the foundation
of families. Yet these washings are exhausted,
time out of mind; and so will be those of Califor-
nia; and the sooner the better.
I am a friend to a gold currency, but not to gold
mining. That is a pursuit which the experience
of nations shows to be both impoverishing and
demoralizing to a nation. I regret that we have
these mines in California; but they are there, and
I am forgetting rid of them as soon as possible.
Make the working as free as possible. Instead of
hoarding, and holding them up, and selling in
driblets, lay them open to industry and enterprise.
Lay them open to natural capital—to labor—to the
man that has stout arms and a willing heart. Give
!' him a fair chance. Give all a fair chance. It is no
h matter who digs up the gold, or where it goes. The
digger will not eat it,and it will go wherccommerce
![ will" carry it. The nations which have industry—
jj which have agriculture, commerce, and manufac-
j; tures—they will get the gold, provided always that
i they keep out small paper money. Not sales, but
permits, is the proper mode to follow, and the only
practicable mode. People are going to California to
dig, and dig they will. A wise legislation would
regulate, not frustrate their enterprise. Permits
would put them on the side of the law; for it would
give them protection and security: sales and hoard-
ing would put them in opposition to the law, and
they would disregard it. Sir, this is a case in
which the lawgiver must go with the current; and
then lie may regulate it: if he goes against the cur-
rent, his law will he nugatory, and his authority
will be despised. The current is for hunting, and
finding, and digging: permits follow his current,
and by granting them, the legislator may control
and regulate the current.
It you want revenue, raise it from the permits—
a small sum for each—and upon the coinage. In
that way it would be practicable to raise as much
as ought to be raised. But revenue is no object
compared to the gieat object of dealing the ground
of this attraction, which puts an end to all regular
industry, and compared to the objectof putting the
gold into circulnhon. I care not who digs it up. I
want it dug up. I want the fever to be over. 1
want the mining finished. Let all work that will.
Let them ravage #the earth—extirpate and exter-
minate the mines. Then the sober industry will
begin which enrichesand ennobles anation. Work,
as hard as we may, we cannot finish soon. These
gold indications cover more than two thousand
miles. They are in New Alexico—on the waters
of the Middle Colorado—on the mountains both
beyond and on this side of the Sierra Nevada.
Professor Dana, who was geologist to Captain
Wilkes's exploring expedition, and who examined
the country between the coast lange and the Cas-
cade range of mountains, found the gold-bearing
rocks, as geologists call them, on the Umpqua, the
