258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 15„
Shastl, and the TIamath rivers, and at the head of
the Sacramento valley. He did not visit the Sierra
Nevada, hut said there was gold yet to be discov-
ered in the Sacramento valley. It has been dis-
covered, and no one can tell where it is to end.
The Sierra Nevada is six hundred miles long, ten
or twelve thousand feet high, and has aslope of
from forty to seventy miles-, and all this seems to
be an auriferous region. South of the Sierra Ne-
vada are prolongations of the same chain and of
the same character, and known to possess gold.
In New Mexico the gold and mineral region is
described as large and various by the learned and
enterprising Dr. Wislezenus, who was making an
exploration when the war with Mexico broke out,
arid whose work has been printed by order of the
Senate. I read an extract from him:
« The mountainous parts of New Mexico are wry nch in
cold, copper, non and some silver. Gold seems to be found
to u large ext. nt in all the mountains near tfanta Fd, roiith
of it in a di-tanee of about one h limned miles, as t.ir as Gran
tiuivna, and uoitli f >r about (jt.fi huedted a nil twentj miles
up to the river Bansre do Cri^to. Throughout this whole
region gold du>t ha3 been abundantly found b> the poorer
elapses of Mexicans, vvlio occupy themselves with the wash-
iiiw ot this metal out of the mounuin streams. At present
the old and the now placer, neat Santa Fd, have attracted
most attention, and not only sold washes, hut some gold
mint's too, are woikcd there. They are, so far as my knowl-
edge e.UeiKh, tne only gold mines worked now 111 ISew
Me.\ieo. Several rich silver mines were, in Spanish times,
woiked at Avo, at Cerrillos, and in the Namhe mountains,
but none at present. Conpei is found in abundance through-
out. the country, but ptincipally at Lm Tijeras, Jemas Abi-
«mn, Guadelupita de Mora, ice. I heard ot but one copper
mine worked at present south of the placets. Iron, though
also abundantly found, is entirely ovmluoked. Coal has
b =en discovered m dirtercnt localities, a^ in the Raton moun-
tains, near the village ofjemcz, southwest ot Santa Fo, m
a place south of the placets, &c. Gyp-um coiiiiuoii and
g'dt mtc, nri: found 111 larje <nianmi<,-m Mexico; mn-t ex-
tensive laveis ot it, T understood, exist in flu; mountains near
Ab'odone<. on the Ri<> del Norte, and in the nei bboihood of
the cehdnati'd '• ^.iIiims.'' Iti< n-'d as common time for
wtiiteuM-.ilin.", and the rrvstalhne or -elemte instead of win-
di.w-"la<-. About loui da\s tiavchmi (probably one bun-
dled miles) „0iith-<nut iw<;-*t of {-Junta Fe, on the lunh table
land between the l.'io del Norte and Peeoo, are <ome exten-
sive salt Itdei, or " s.mna^' from winch all the salt (miniate
of soda) u.-ed in New Mexico is procured. Large caraums
go there every j eai from Smtu Fu 111 the dry season, and
return with .h much a-; they can transport. They exchange,
generally, one bushel of salt for one ot Indian coin, 01 sell
it foi one or even two dollais a bushel.
« The animal production of sold in the two p'ueer* seems
to virv considerable In some \ears it was estimated from
#u0,0:)) to 10,001), m other-* from #'>!),000 to PS0.000, and m
the latter veins even a- high a* $2j0 000 per annum."
The Ural Mountains, now yielding so much
gold to Russia, are but twelve hundred miles long
and five or six thousand feet high: the mountain
chains in New Mcxico and California which pro-
duce gold arc near twice as long and twice as high
as the TTial Mountains. Is all tins to be hoarded
by the Government—to be sold m two-acre patches
—to be guarded ay a thing too precious for the peo-
ple? Is it to be the Hesperian fruits guarded by
dragons? and, if ho, where are the dragons to come
from ?
I am against the whole scheme of hoarding these
mines, or endeavoring to confine their product to
their own country. I am not for serving a ne cxval
upon it. I am not for trying to slop it fiorn going
elsewhere. Let it go where it will: like water, it
will find its level. Let it go where it will: it will
find its way to industrious nations who banish
small paper money. If we want to stop the emi-
gration of gold we may begin nearer home—begin
-with the ten or twelve millions of coin exported
this year from New York. But all that is absurd.
Let it go; it will come back when we deserve it.
These gold provisions of the bill are not the
•work of the committee, and the authors of them
seem to be fully aware of the difficulty of hoaid-
ing their treasure and keeping it from the rcach
of the people. They have had recourse to extraor-
dinary enactments to restrain their own officers—
surveyors, chain-earners, markers, camp-follow-
ers, and so on. They are all to take oaths, and
give bond and security to serve out their time,
and to incur the forfeiture of their bonds and the
penalties of perjury if they fai! in their engage-
ments. They are actually enlisted, like soldiers,
and put under awful penalties not to desert until
their time is out. Here are some of those penal-
ties: hear them:
" That the President shall he. and he id hereby, authorised
to appoaH a> g"ulo:M-l an individual well versed m that
bcience, who also ihoiouyhlv utideMands mmeralogv;
who*e duly it -hail be \\,th <uch assistants as he may deem
necessary, to make a thorough explication of all the mineral
lands in tne temtori, to defeimme the value of the several
metals and minerals that may be discovered, and make re-
port of the same to the Itegreier, who shall t.ansimt a. copy
thereof to the Commissioner ot the General Land Otlic^. tu,
shall also aid the commissioners m determining the value ot
the lands, and the minimum price which shall be fixed upon
thein, whenever requited so to do by the commis ionci.->,
0r«SEc' 15. That the surveyor general of said territory enter
into bond, with approved secuiityr foi the faithful
ot lm duties. ********* He shall also be
authorized to require a bond, with security, from the survey-
ors, chain-carriers, markers, and all other persons employed
in, or connected with, the surveying department, and from
the elerk-3 and other employees m his office, that they will
faithfully serve out the periods for which they may engage,
m such'smii as he may fix as a penalty of a failure; and
require of them an affidavit or animation to the same effect;
and on fmlme or refusal to comply with the terms of their
en asreuient, the party offending shall be subject to all the
nains and penalties of perjury; and suit shall be imme-
diatelj commenced for the recovery of the entne ponaltv of
tlic bond, which, on such failure or refusal, shall he forfeited
to the United States; anil the institution of such smt shall
attach a- ;t lien upon the property of the delinquent jjarty,
and on that id his sureties." * * * * "* . *
•'< Sec. 17. That, before entering on thou duties, the min-
eralogist and his assistants shall"execute* bonds, with^ap-
proved ^ecuritv, in such turns a-* may be fixed by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, lor the faithful performance of the
duties of then* ielective offices. for the time Joi whir h they
ma\ be engaged ; and also take nn oath or affirmation to the
fie<n;"and, m case of failure, shall be subject to the
same penalties, forfeitures, and obligations as are provided
for the suiveyois ami their assistants, &c., in the fifteenth
section of tl 15s act.
"Sec 18. And be it further enacted^ That, in addition to
the usual fonn of bond* and oath of office of the surveyor
general, icgister, and receiver, the l onds< and oath? ot office
of those officer-* appointed under this act shall contain a
provision, that they shall faithfully serve out the time for
which they may be appointed; and on failure to comply
with that provision, the\ Muill be subject to the same pen-
alties, forfeiture-*, and obligations as are provided for the
surveyors and their a-ostant--, &c., in the fifteenth section
of ihi's act. And, until otherwise directed, all the officers
and agents, and then a—Mants, who may he appointed
underpin-- act. whall receive from the stoics of the United
States, at San Fianeiseo or Monterey, such ration* ol beef,
bread, polk, &c., as may be necessary tor their actual
support
plere is a provision for a mineralogist, and his
assistants—not assistance; and in it we detect the
germ of one of these set-fast, growing, and en-
during establishments which <rrow up in our coun-
try from small heginnings. The great coast survey
establishment is'founded upon a provision for an
astronomer and his assistants. The colony now
quartered upon the treasury at ^40,000 to examine
public lands in the northwest, is founded in a pro-
vision for a geologist, and his assistants. These
establishments, which have no limits, are thus
established; and here, is proposed to be another of
them. I am opposed to such origination of such
establishments, which soon become set-fasts, and
grow and expand forever. Tlut what is to restrain
this geologist, and his assistants, from helping
themselves to this precious gold* What is to
restrain them5 The same machinery, oaths, and
bonds!—all nuffatoiy and idle, and only leading
the men into temptation. The whole scheme of
this geologist is wrong. If these gold mines, or
wnshmgsj are not to be worked until first examined
and valued by a mincialogist, it will be a long time
before they are worked. We shall have to live a
patriarchal age to behold it. It is a wrong process—
putting the cart before the horse. The digger pre-
cedes the mineralogist. The digger finds, and the
mineralogist tells what it is. Ali mines are found
by accident or by labor: scientific men do not find
them. They know the signs of different minerals;
but signs are fallacious; and actual digging is the
only test. Our business is to dig first, and let the
mineralogist go afterwards. This whole scheme
is wrong:, and will not work. The people will not
wait for the mineralogist. They will not wait for
his discoveries and valuations: they will discover
for themselves, and work for themselves, and they
cannot, and ought not to he prevented.
This is going further than we go with soldiers.
We do not make them give bond and security: we
do not make desertion a lien upon their property
for the amount of a penalty. Yet we propose to
do this with our surveyors and land officers! Vain
and impotent precaution, only showing the folly
of the whole scheme; for who would take such
oaths and sign such bonds but those who meant to
violate them? Who supposes these pains and
penalties would be of any .avail, or in the least pre-
vent all these persons, with their friends and fol-
lowers, from taking what gold they could find, and
going off with it when they pleased? Formerly
there was a fine of forty pounds of tobacco in Vir-
ginia on the constable that would not serve out his
time; and that might have been omnipotent with
the constable; but these bonds, oaths, penalties,
and forfeitures will be unavailing if the gold found
is worth more than the salary.
Not content with these bonds and oaths? the biU
even tries the mileage system upon these slippery
officers. Having seen the good effect of mileage
in bringing in members of Congress, and binding
the Umon'together, it tries the same system upon
these officers, and offers them an average of ten-
dollars a mile. Here is the temptation:
"And for surveying the public lands and private claims
above mentioned, the deputy surveyor shall be allowed nos
exceeding the average often dollars per mile."
Ten dollars a mile! That is better than Con-
gress mileage! But will it do, even if averaged?
Will it stop the crew if they find the gold under
their feet? Will they go on to the end of the miles
in order to get the average, instead of stopping and
helping themselves, with a wooden shovelTto some
cart-loads of the sliming stuff? Will any maxi-
mum or minimum, giving an average of ten to the
mile, be sufficient—say three dollars where the
gold is thin, only an inch thick, and seventeen
dollars a mile where it is thick, say ancle deep, or
so? Will the mileage tempt them to go on, as
this sage legislation intends to make them do, or
will they all" stop at the first placer, as a turkey-
hen and her young ones would all stop at the first
ant-hill, and dig it up and pocket the gold as
greedily as the old hen and her brood would
scratch up, and gobble up, the whole lull of ants?
Undoubtedly they would: and the provision only
shows the impotence of legislation to sustain ass
unwise system.
Mr. Piesident, I have made my objections to
the bill of the committee; it is now right that I
should produce my own. I do so, and offer a sub-
stitute for the whole bill, in the form of instructions
to the committee, which 1 have drawn up, and
which the Senate has ordeied to be printed. This
is my substitute:
"To lecommu the bill for aseertrnntrg claims and tities
of lands within the territory of California and New Mexico,
to jiiam donation i iyht*, and to provide for tite survey ot the
binds therein, to the Committee on Public Lands, with in-
structions to inquire into the expediency of reporting a bill
for avceitainmg the public and unappropriated lands in lite
temtorynf California, and for suivejms and selling th«
same, and for L'laiitimr donation* to actual -ettlers, and per-
mit^ to work the gold mines; and jor that purpose to pro-
vide—
For the appointment of a recorder of land titles*
who shall have the custody of all the public nrehives in
relation to the disposition of the public lands, ;ind shall
record all the giants and all claims that >ball be discovend
oi made known to him, and shall make two abstiacts ot the
same, one to be tiansnutted to the General .Land Office, in
Washington City, the othei to be dehveied to the Surveyor
General of California, that he may lav down the grant* and
claims on a map to be retained in his office, and of which map
a copy to he transmitted to the Geneial Land Ofhce, and
another to be filed with the rccontai of land titles m Cali-
fornia.
Sccond. To provide for the ascertainment of in valid grants
or poises-ions, by authorizing a scire jacias to be issued fiom
the United ritates District Court against the party m po«,-e-J-
«mn to come in and heai the objections to hi^> claim, and to
show cause why the arant should not be annulled, or the
possession vacated m'eveiy ease m which the recorder of
land rtili^, upon consultation with the district attorney, or
by orders from the General Land Office, shall be so instructed,
shall hoof opinion that the same is not valid under the treaty
with Mexico, the law of nation-*, and the deci?ions of the
Supieme Court of the United States—the decisions of the
distnct court to be final, if agains-t the United States, in ali
cases where the land in question shall be worth less than
five thousmd dollars. But no -pueblo nr ranchena fndians
to be disturbed in their possessions, without special orders
from the General Government.
Third. To provide for the appointment ot a smveyor gen-
eral, and for the establishment of three land offices.
Fourth. To provide for donations of land to actual settlers*
heads of families, widows, and single men ovei eighteen
>e«uf2 of age. aud an allowance of land for children under
eighteen \eats of age, and for the wife in her own right, ac-
coiding to the provisions of the bill proposing donations
to t-ettlers in OieL'on, which passed the Senate Januaiy 3,
~ . ,
Filth. To provide for preserving order in working goia
mines, by appointing an agent to urant permits for working
small lor>, and settling sui'imanly and on the spot all ques-
tions of boundary or interference among the diggeis; the
said prrmit< to continue in force while the lot is worked
by the person receiving it, and to he limited to lee*
square.3'
This plan is equitable and just, and conformable
to the rights of the parties under the treaty, thelaw
of nations, and the decisions of the Supreme Court.
It does not disturb the country. It only provides
j for trials in cases where there is a real impeacn-
; ment of title. It gives a fair, judiciaHrial, in ^ase®
l doubtful, to the party whose title is impeached. U
I saves the parly from comtng to Congress as beg-
' gars and suppliants. It makes liberal donations to
I actual settlers: and that is a point on which I have
! my own highest approbation. Forty years ago,
