260
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman was entitled
to it.
Mr. THOMPSON said that he did riot intend,
as he had already stated, to enter into any discus-
sion upon this question. He believed that the case
had been fairly and fully stated in favor of the right
of the delegate by the report of the majority of the
Committee on Elections; and he believed that the
reasons against his right had been fully stated by
the report of the minority. He would not, there-
fore, consume the time of the House in debate; but
■would suggest that the reports should be read, and
that a vote should be taken on the adoption of
the resolution. The motion in relation to the
President's message could then be made either by
the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Cobb,] or his
colleague, [Mr. Stephens.]
The SPEAKER said he had understood the
gentleman to move that the reports be read. The
question would be upon the reading of the reports.
The motion having been agreed to—
The reports of the majority and of the minority
of the Committee on Elections were read.
The reading of the reports having been conclu-
ded—
Mr. THOMPSON, of Indiana, was understood
to say that the arguments upon both sides of the
question having been fully set forth by the majority
and minority reports, he trusted the House would
be willing to come to a vote without going into a
debate; he therefore moved the previous question.
Mr. BOYDEN said he hoped the gentleman from
Indiana would consent to withdraw his motion for
the previous question. The ease involved very
important principles, and was one for which there
was no precedent in the history of the Govern-
ment.
He desired to move an amendment to the reso-
lution, and briefly to present some views addi-
tional to those contained in the report of the mi- ,
nority of the committee, against the adoption of j
the resolution reported by the majouty. i
The SPEAKER interposed, and reminded the I
gentleman that debate was not in order unless the
previous question was withdrawn.
Mr. THOMPSON adhered to his demand for
the previous question. 1
The previous question was seconded, by a vote
of ayes 90, noes 57, taken by tellers, (Messrs. Pol-
lock and Kaufman,) and the main question was
ordered.
Mr. KAUFMAN inquired of the Speaker
whether it would be in order to move a postpone-
ment of the farther consideration of the question
until to-morrow, that gentlemen mi^ht have the
opportunity of leading the majority and minority
reports t
Mr. PETTIT called the gentleman to order.
The SPEAKER replied to Mr. Kaufman, that
it would not be in order except by general con-
sent, the House having ordered the main question 1
to be now put. i
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, inquired if the main i
question had been ordered to be nov put? j
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative. j
Mr. THOMPSON, of Indiana, called for the ,
yeas and nays on the adoption of the resolution. ,
The yeas and nays were ordered, and, being ,
taken, resulted—yeas 124, nays 6^—as follows: [
YEAS—Adam*, Baningcr, r, fleleher, j
Binjiham, Birds-all, iku-oc-k, Boris. Bout, Bridge-, Aloeit 1
G. Biown, Rtzekner, Hurler, Caubv, (."aiheartrL'hapnian,
Franklin (Mai k, Williamson it. W.'Cobb, Cooke, Collins,
Orowell. Daniel,Dnihng, DicKev,Dickinson, Dixon, Dunn,
Kdward-, Dnibiee, Nathan Evlin*, Faran, Fieklin, 1-VhT,
Freedle\, Fit'iicli. Fulton, Game?-, Guldmii-, Gre^ot v. Oiiu-
Ti/U, Jame< G. Hampton, Harmntwm, Henley, filia* .B.
Holme*;. John W. Hoa-ton, llubbaul, Hudson, Cliailcs J.
IiJU<-'if-otl, Joseph Jl, Inyrraoll, livin, tveison, Jameson,
Kaufman, KrlJog<r, J")ann 1 p' King, Lalim, William T.
LawHiiici1, Sidney L.twtenee, Letiler, Ligori,Lincoln, Lord,
Maelay, MrClellaiiil, nlcClernaud, Mellvame, McLane,
Job Mann, Horace Mann. Marvin, Miller, Moreboad. Mor-
ris, Mor.«.o, ;\'es Xcwc!!, Palfrey, I'cu-joe, Peek. Peine,
Pettif, !'f>toii, PiLbury, Pollock, Preston, Putnam,
riold;-, Jiii'haid^on. Riehey, Itolunson, Kocklnll, Hoek-
well, Sawyer, Sheiull, Smait, Caieb J*. jrmitb. Robert
Smith, Stanton, Starkweather, Stephens,Clinile> E. Stu.nt.
Strofim, 'i'aliinad^, Ta\lor, Jas. Thompson, Jacob Thomp-
son, Richard \V. 'J'honip on, John J> Thomp-on, Robert A.
Thompson,Wi!liani Thomp-on.Thai-ton, Tompkins. Tuck,
Turner, V m Dyke, Yeuable, Warren, \Wntworth, White,
Wick, Wiley, William-, Wilmot, and Wilson—10i.
NAYS—Me-srs. Abbotr, Atkinson. li.imnv, Bl,lckii.ai-
Boyden, Charles B.-nvn, < 'iiunman, Uuvvol) Cob!). Coll.mier!
Concer, Cran-foi), C'iMield, Croz'or, Duer, CU. n  tt Duncan'
JEckert, Fe. rner-r-oi, T'-mf noy, GeMry, G G.iti, Gree-
]ey, YViU.ud P. Hal}, Xunan'K. Hall. JIammo>i>, Moftos !
Hampton, Hatns. Hairy, Hill, ILihaid, J>a,io E. Holme>, ■
George S. Ilou^un, In^e, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, Robert ,
W. Johnson, George W. Jones, Kennon, Thomas Butler
Kins, Lumpkin. McDowell, McKay. Mar->h, Meade, Mnllin,
Nelson, \Tioolh Outlaw. Phelps. Rliett, John A. Rockwell.
Roman, Ramsey. St. John. Sehenck. Shopped, Truman
Smith. Strong, Thomas, Toombs, Wallace, and Wood-
ward—62.
[Mr. Gayle, when his name was called, aslcerl
to be excused from voting, on the ground of want
of information rplative to the facts of the case.
The motion was not put, being out of order at this
time.]
So it was—
Resolved, That Henry H. Sibley be admitted tn a seat
on (hi: flooi of the irou-e of Representatives as a Delegate
fioin the Territory of Wisconsin.
A number of members spoke for the floor, which
the Speaker save to
Mr. HOUSTON', of Delaware, who said that
he had risen to offer a resolution providing that the
rules be suspended for the purpose of calling the
committees for reports.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Indiana, rose, he said, to
a privileged question. He moved that the vole by
which the resolution reported by the majority of
the Committee on Elections had been adopted, be
reconsidered, and that that motion be laid upon the
table.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, inquired
whether it would be in order for him to move that
the further consideration of that motion be post-
poned until to-morrow ?
The SPEAKER. INot while the motions sub-
mitted bvtlie gentleman from Indianaare pending.
Mr. DUER asked the yeas and nays 011 the mo-
tion to lay on the table, which were ordered.
' Mr. McCLERNANDasked the Speaker to state
the question.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, said that mem-
bers in that part of the House could not hear a
word of what was passing.
The SPEAKER stated the motions as made by
Mr. Thompson.
And the question shall the motion to reconsider
the vote by which the said resolution was adopted
be laid on the table was then taken, and decided
in the affirmative—yeas 111, nays 82—as follows:
YF.AS—Mes1-!"-. Allaire. Damiiiii l, Brkbt-r, Bingham,
Rir-lsall, Boeoelc, Bo\d, Nudge-:, Wilbam (J. Biown. Albeit
G Biown, Kuekncr. Oanby, Cathrart, Chapman. Fiaiiklin
Clntk, Williamson II VV. Cobb. Collins Ciowell, Daniel,
Dwrlmir. Dickey. Dickinson, Dixon, Dunn, Edwaid-, Em
biee, Nathan Evans, Faun, Fieklin, Fisher, Flournov,
Fieneh, Flies Fulton, Gaines, Gavle, Guiding-, Greelev,
Gunnell, Herder, Ehas B. Holme.-, John W. Houston. Hub-
haul, IliuUmi, limit, Joseph R. Inser-oll, livin. Ivei-on,
Jaii>e<on. John W. Jones Kelto^, William T. Lawienee,
Sidney Lawrence, Lefiler, Liaon, Lincoln. Loid. Lvitd'e,
Marlav, M< CleJhnd, M<C!ernand, Mollvame, McLi-ane,
Job Mann. Horace Mann, Morehead, Mom-, Ne<. Newell,
Palfiey, Pea-lee. Pefnc, Pet it, Peyton, Pollock, Pie ton,
I'ntiriin, Urjnolds Km hey. Itobin-on, Koikhill, ^awver,
Sheriill. Smip-on, Pniait, Roheit Smith. Stanton, Suuk-
weathei, Stt pll(,n^, Chaile- R. Stn.iit, Talhnadae, Tajlor,
J.nnes Thon>p-on, TJiehaul W. Tjionin-on, John B Thoinp-
-oti, Robeit A Thompson, Will-am Thomp-on, Thnr?toii,
Toinpkin-, I'lfk, Turner, ^'an I)j ke. V'enable. Warien,
Wentuoith. White, V\ u k, Wile\, VVilIian;^. Wilniwt, and
Wi!-on—1! 1.
NWS—Me^-i*. Abbott, Atku^on. Barrow, nedincer,
Blaektnai. Hott«, Bojden. Brad\, P.iodiicad, Charles Biown,
Built . Clapp, Chnsman, Howell C"bb, Cocke, Collanier,
Con«er, Cian-ttm, CiMicId, Cm./.h i. Donuel!, Puer, Gai netl
Dueenn. Eck'tt. Foa'her-ton, Fieidbv. (Jentiv. Gi'Lr m,
G.'tt, W P. Hall, N. K Hall. Hammon-, Moms Hampton.
IJaiai-on, llaiman-on, I],arts, Henry,Hill. Milliard, i-aac E.
Hohn^^, Georcn S. Hon-ton, ln2<\ Jenkins Andi<'w Jonn-
?on, Robert W. John-on, (Jeorire W. Jone<, Kaufman, Ken-
non, Thoma^ Bnt'er Kins. Daniel P Kins, T>ahm, La ^fiie,
Lmnpkih, McDowell, MeKaj, Marsh. Meade. Miller,
Morse, Mtilhn,Morphv. Nelson, Nienll, Outlaw. Pendleton,
Phelps. Pil>bin v, Phett, Jnlni- Rockwell, John A. Ro( k well,
Hom.m, llnin>ey. St. John, Caleb 1>. Smith, Tinman Snntli,
Htrohm, Stiomr, Thoma-, Jacob Thompson, Toombs Wal-
lace, and Woodward—r-2.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the table.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, now moved his
resolution, providing that the rules he suspended
for the purpose of calling the committees for re-
ports.
Mr. McCLERNAND inquired whether the res-
olution was in order.
The SPEAKER said that it was in order on this
day to move a suspension of the i ules for any pur-
pose. >
ATr. PETTIT inquired whether this was not
resolution clay ?
The vSPE^KER nn^wered in the affirmative.
Mr. PETTIT hoped that the Hou-'e would pro-
ceed to the consideration of the regular order of
business.
The question was then taken, and the resolution
of Mr. Houston was rejected.
Jan. 15,
The SPEAKER said the Chair would now pro-
ceed to call the States in their order for resolutions.
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Mr. STEPHENS rose and said, that, in accord-
ance with a notice which had been ^tven a few
days ago by the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, [Mr. Vinton,] in the absence
of that gentleman he (Mr. S.) would now move
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the President's annual message, and of
the resolutions which had been lefeired to it.
[Several members called for the orders of the
day.]
Mr. STEPHENS proceeded. He hoped that
the House would sustain the motion, and that the
message mi^ht be sent with as little delay as pos-
sible to the appropriate committees.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman could only
submit his motion under a suspension of the rules.
Mr. STEPHENS satd he hoped he might make
the motion by unanimous consent.
Objections were made, and a number of mem-
bers again called for the orders of the day.
Mr. STEPHENS moved that the rules be sus-
pended to enable him to submit the motion.
Mr. TURNER, at this stageofthe proceedings,
introduced to the House Mr. Hfvry PI Sibley,
Delegate from the Territory of Wisconsin, who
was qualified and took his seat.
The question then recurred on the motion of
Mr. STEPHENS.
Mr. PETTIT asked the yeas and nays; which
were refused.
And the question was then taken, and decided
in the affirmative—ayes 13G, noes 5.
So two-thirds voting in the affirmative, the rules
of the House were suspended.
The SPEAKER then said, that if a separate
vote was demanded on the motion of the gentle-
man from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] (to dis-
charge the committee, &c.,) the Speaker would
now put the question. If not, the whole motion
would be considered as having been put under the
vote just taken, and the message of the President
would now be before the House,
No objection appearing to be made—
Mr. McCLERNARD inquired of the Speaker
what was the question.
Mr. STEPHENS claimed the floor.
The SPEAKER stated that by courtesy the gen-
tleman fiom Georgia, [Mr. Stephens] was enti-
tled to the. floor. '
Mr. McCLERNARD said he could not yield
the floor except under a decision of the Speaker,
that he was not entitled to it.
The SPEAKER said, that, in accordance with
Parliamentary courtesy, the Chair must assign the
floor to the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Ste-
phens.] That gentleman had made the motion to
diKchaij^e the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union from the further consideration of the
President's message,with a view of bringing it be-
fore the House. And the Cliair decided, therefore,
that the gentleman from Georgia was entitled to
the floor.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I cannot concur in that
de-ision. It nppears to me to be novel and unwar-
rantable by the practice and rules of this House.
I appeal from it.
The SPEAKER. When a question arises as to
who is entitled to the floor when various gentlemen
claim it, the question, if any gentleman demands
it, must be put to the House, not in the nature of
an appeal from the decision of the Chair, hut
whether the gentleman is entitled to the floor. The
question, therefore, is, whether the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Stephens] is entitled to the floor?
Mr. HENLEY desired to inquire of the Chair
as to the facts of the case. As he understood them,
the gentleman fiom Georgia [Mr. Stephens] had
made a motion to discharge the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union from the fuither
consideration of the President's message. That
motion had been a^ieed to. Then the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. McClernand] rose, and, after
all that had been done, and when the message was
before the House, the Speaker had assigned the
floor to that gentleman. After that, the gentleman
from Georgia rose and elaimcd it- Such he (Mi.
H.) understood to bo the fact; and, under that
state of facts, he understood the Chair to decide*
by parliamentary courtcsy—about which he (Mi*
