1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
261
H ) knew nothing—that the gentleman from Geor- ;
gia was entitled to the floor. ;
The SPEAKER said, that the Chair had as-
signed the floor to the gentleman from Georgia, I
taking it from the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. ;
McCi.ernand,] to-day, on the same ground as that
on which it had been done on a former occasion, |
when the floor, which had been assigned to the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Greeley,] was taken
from him and given to a gentleman from Illinois, !
[Mr. Wf.ntwoeih,] under circumstances nearly ,
the same. j
Mr. McCLERNAND said, he wished to state i
the grounds  j
The SPEAKER interposed and said, that the
Chair thought that the resolution was not deba-
table. If it were so, the whole time of the House
might be taken up in deciding who was entitled
to The floor. The question before the House was
simply, who was entitled to the floor?
And the question having been taken, and de-
cided in the affirmative,
The House decided that Mr. Stephens was
entitled to the floor.
Mr. STEPHENS said, as his object in making
this motion at first was to get rid' of discussion
upon this subject, in older that the reference might
be made; and as all the topics might be discussed
upon other questions, he should feel bound to
move the previous question.
Mr. McCLERNAND rose to a point of order.
The gentleman from Georgia, he said, had as-
signed as his reason for moving the previous ques-
tion, that he was desirous to have the message
referred to the appropriate committees. Very
well. The gentleman had said that those who
wished to debate the doctrines or the questions
involved in the message might discuss the same
subjects upon some other question. Pie wished to
ask the gentleman from Georgia whether, under
the tyrannical rule of this House, the minority
were not cut off from the exercise of the right of
debate upon the civil and diplomatic appropriation
bill; and whether, in view of the practice of the
majority here, it would be practicable to debate any
question in the sense in which the Constitution con-
templated the freedom of debate in this House?
Mr. STEPHENS was understood to say, that
the question of the gentleman from Illinois was
perhaps not one which he was called upon to an-
swer, but to which the House could respond. It
was important that they should hasten to business;
.they could not get on with the business of the
committees, without the reference of the message.
He believed a large majority of the House were in
favor of the disposition of the question. He there-
fore moved the previous question.
Mr. WENTWORTH inquired what was the
question on which the previous question was
moved ?
The SPEAKER replied, the resolutions moved
by the gentleman from Georgia for the reference
of the President's message. The Clerk would read
the resolutions.
Mr. WENTWORTH rose to a point of order.
These resolutions (he said) had been referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union; the vote for a discharge of that committee \
did not embrace the resolutions also, and he knew ;
of no motion having been made in this House to ;
take the resolutions out of the Committee of the ;
Whole on the state of the Union. j
The SPEAKER stated that jt was of very little ,
importance whether the resolutions had come out
of the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union or not. The President's message had
been brought before the House under a suspen-
sion of the rules moved by the gentleman from i
Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] and that gentleman j
having the floor had renewed the resolutions of the j
gentleman from Ohio [Vinton] for the reference !
of the message, and thereupon had called the pre- i
vious qiust'on. j
Mr. STEPHENS said, he found it necessary
to modify the resolutions of the gentleman from i
Ohm, so far as to leave out that which related to '
the Mexican tariff, as that subject had already been i
referred to a select committee.
A momentary pause ensued, while Mr. Ste-
pufvs was engaged in modifying the resolutions.
It was broken hy
Mr. WENTWORTH, who called for the read-
ing of the resolution before the House, and upon
which the previous question had been moved.
The SPEAKER.. The gentleman from Georgia i
has the right to withdraw the previous question, >
and make" any modification of his resolutions. >
The Chair understands that the gentleman from
Georgia is at this moment engaged in modifying
them.
The resolutions were then sent up by Mr. Ste-
phens, and read, as follows:
Resolved, That so much of the annual message of the
President of the United States to the two Hou?es of Congress
at th<^ present .session as relates to our treaties, diplomatic
intercourse, and relations with foreign countries, be referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. i
2d. That so much of said message as relate? to comprn- i
i-iitiou to iho-e citizens who have served in the Indian war ;
in Oregon, to the Slate and condition of the army, with the
report ot the Secretary of War accompanying said message, (
he referred to the Committee on Military Atfairs. i
3d. That so much of said message as relates to tho con- j
dmon and operations of the navy, the marine corps and the ;
establishment of a line of steamers between New Orleans !
and Veia (Jiuz, together with the report of the Secietaiy of ]
the Navy, be lefeired to the Committee on Naval Affair*. '
4th. That ^o much of said message as relates to the tariffs ;
of Id 16 and 18-12, tile jevenue, the^tato ot the treasury, the i
public debt, the suh-tren>uty, the general condition of the i
finances, the estimated receipts and expemhtuiea lor the .
next fiscal year, the unliquidated claims of citizens of the j
United States agamsi Mexico, and the establishment of ad* ^
ditional hiancli mints, be reieired to the Committee of Ways 1
and Means. j
5ih. That s-o much of said mp«sa<re a« relates to the public I
lauds, the graduation and reduction of the price theieoi, the i
survey® thereof, geological, imnetaloptcal, and lineal, the '
appointment of Htidmonal surveyors genera!, and to the sale I
of the mnieial lands in Cahlornta and New Mexico, be ,
refeticd to the Committee on Public Land-;. j
6th. That so much of said message as i elates to our in- 1
tercour.-e and lelalions with the Indian tubes, and to the
appointment ol additional Indian agents, beieferred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs. !
7th. That so much of t-aid message as relates to the com- [
meice and navigation of the country, and to the extension I
of the rc venue law? of the United States over California, be ;
refeired to the Committee on Commerce. ;
8th. That so much of said message as relates to the estab- ;
hshment of Territorial governments over California and |
New Mexico, and the enforcement of govei nmenfs de jado
jn tho«e Terntones. be referred to the Committee on the .
Terutories, with instructions to said committee to inquire ;
1 and report whether the Executive of the United States li.ii
! rightful authoiity to exercise the powers of government now ;
i being ent'oiced over those Territories. i
> 9th. That so much of said message as relates to the post :
! offices and post mad*, arid the reduction of the rate ofpo«r- I
| age, be referred to the Committee on the Post Office and .
i Post Roads. "j
1 Mr. WENTWORTH, (addressing the Speak- I
er.) Arc these resolutions in order? Or must not
' the gentleman wait until the State of Georgia is
i called for, before he can move them?
: The SPEAKER replied that the House had
! suspended all rules for the purpose of bringing
; the President's message before the House for dts-
| tribution  
,j Mr.WENTWORTH. That I understand. And
j now the gentleman from Georgia rises and intro-
I duces a new series of resolutions.
! The SPEAKER. They are clearly in order.
! The President's message has been brought before
' the House for consideration; and, being under
' consideration, it is clearly in order for the gentle-
\ man from Georgia to move its distribution among
i the committees of the House.
j Mr. RUMSEY addressed some inquiry to the
i Speaker, which was not heard by the reporter.
Mr. McCLERNAND inquired of the Chair
whether it was proposed by the gentleman from
Georgia to refer that portion of the message which
related to the tariff to the Committee of Ways and
■ Means?
; Mr. STEPHENS replied: to the Committee of
. Ways and Means.
The demand for the previous question was sus-
tained—ayes 105, noes not counted—and. the main
question was ordered, being on the adoption of the
resolutions.
The SPEAKER stated that a division of the
question mi^ht be had, if anybody desired.
A division not being called for—
The resolutions were collectively adopted.
Mr. SMITH, of Connecticut, moved to recon-
sider the vote just taken; and, on his motion, that
motion was laid on the table.
Mr. PETTIT and Mr. HOUSTON, of Dela-
ware, simultaneously called for the orders of the
day.
The SPEAKER announced that resolutions were
in order from the State of Maine.
Mr. WHITE moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. MILLIARD appealed to the gentleman to
withdraw that motion, to enable him to make some
motion, the object of which was not heard by the
reporter.
Mr. PETTIT called for the yeas and nays on
Mr. White's motion; which were not ordered.
The question was then taken, and the motion of
Mr. White was rejected.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the States
for resolutions, commencing at the State of Maine.
On motion of Mr. CLAPP, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Com merce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of authorising the President
of the United States to giant medals to individuals who
saved the lives of peitone, or vessels in cases of disaster on
the ocean, lakes, bays, sounds.harbors, and nver>, whether
tho«.c who perfoimed or were benefited by the act were
Americans or foietgners.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan, rose to a point of
order, and stated that according to his recollection,
the Chair had not commenced the call of the roll
at the point where it was last interrupted.
The SPEAKER said the Chair liaii no recollec-
tion where the call was last suspended, but this
being the first Monday, which was exlusively de-
voted under the rules to the reception of resolu-
tions, the Chair commenced at the head of the list.
Resolutions were then further received, as fol-
lows:
Mr. HAMMONS offered the following, which
was read, and laid over under the rule:
Rewired, Tnat the Secretary of War be requested to com-
municate to this House abstracts of the several pension laws
and laws granting bounty lands now m fo:ce. together with
the rules and regulations adopted undei them, and siieU
opinions of the Attorney General as may have been given
upon the eonstiuction of said laws.
On motion of Mr. WILSON,
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of allowing bounty
land to the men who composed the company of Capt. John
Parker, who volunteered and were mustered for service ou
the Indian fiontier, in the State of Iowa.
Mr. GRINTNELL offered the following pream-
ble and resolution; which was read, and the reso-
lution agreed to:
Whereas, there is in possession of tlie Government en-
graved plates ot' Hie survey* made by tlie late Exploring
Bxpertitinn, of the Bav ot Sail Francisco, and the rivers
Sacramento and San Joaquin, anil tlie emigrants for that
eountiy beint; desirous ot piocuiiii<i copies thereof, and
those heretoloie printed having been di-|ios.edof: therefore,
Resolved, Tnat the. Secietary of the Tieasury cause to be
printed from tin: plates aforesaid,2.0(10 copies, and disposed
of at the cost of tlie paper, prmtin", See.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Massachusetts, offered
the following, and moved the previous question
thereon:
Resolved, That the bills icpoited by tho Committee on
Territories to establish Teiritonal Governments in Upper
California and New Mexico, be made the special order for
Tuesday, the 33d day of January instant.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, asked of the Speaker,
if It did not require a two-thirds vote to adopt the
resolution ?
The SPEAKER replied that it required a two-
thirds vote to change the order of business; this
resolution proposed a change.
Mr. ROCKWELL asked the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, resulted—yeas 114, nays 51.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr..COLLINS moved to reconsider the vote,
and moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
j THE t'RANIUNG PRIVILEGE.
| Mr. DIXON, in pursuance of notice heretofore
given, asked and obtained leave to introduce the
! following bill:
A IUTjI. t" abolish the franking privilege.
Be i' cnwtal luthe Senate arul Jlmiic of Representatives of
1 the United Mi.tei of „imeric,l m Cmzress assembled, That
from and after Ihe passage ot this act, ail letters, newspapers,
documents, and other mailable matter, pa-s-iny thiough the
mail-, shall he chained with the existing rates of forage
, fur the time t>ein«, and that the. t'rankina pnvilege (so called)
be and the same is hereby, wholly abolished, m all cases
whatsoever imi all laws oi paits oflnw.s inconsistent here-
! with, are lieieby repealed.
j The bill having been read twice by its title—
Mr. DIXON said he hoped the House would
consent to put it upon its passage. _He supposed
that no gentleman desired to debate it.
' Sexeu'.l Voices. Call the previous question.
Mr. WEN rWORTH called for the reading of
the bill; winch was read.
i The SPEAKER said, if no objection was made,
the question before the House would be ou the
J engrossment oi the bill.
