264
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
♦Jan. 10,
ces? I repeat that such an idea is perfectly ridic-
ulous. Under the act of 1847 the assignees have
been permitted to locate their lands in legal subdi-
visions. Legal subdivisions are the express words
of the law. I would ask the honorable Senator
from Florida if he has ever read that law ? Has
he ever turned his attention to the phraseology of
the ninth section of that act?
Mr. WESTCOTT, (interposing.) If the Sen-
ator will permit me, 1 will explaifi.
Mr. BREESE. By that act the assignees are
authorized to locate their warrants in legal sub-
divisions, and this bill goes no further. This act
is to provide for cases which 1 have distinctly an-
nounced to the Senate. It is well known that
there are certain lands the price of which has been
raised to two dollars and fifty cents per acre. At
the last session, an act was passed authorizing the
holders of land warrants to locate them on these
lands by paying the balance in money; and this j
act authorizes the assignees to do the same thing. ;
Now, sir, what will be the effect of this law? It i
"will appreciate the value of the warrant while in I
the hands of the sold ter, or of his widow or heirs. 1
When the assignee discovers that he has the same 1
privilege as the soldier to eft ter on these lands, he ,
will give a higher price for the warrant than he i
would if restricted in its location and entry. This
is the object of the bill. It will benefit the soldier
who holds the warrant, or his widow or heirs who
may have inherited it. It is not for the benefit of
the speculator, for he is as much protected as he
can be by the acts of 1847 and 1848.
Mr. WESTCOTT. The Senator talks entirely
of the act of 1847. It was the act of 18481 refened
to, and not the act of 1847, as authorizing the entry
on a warrant in legal subdivisions of 40 or 80 or
120 acre tracts, without the restriction that it should
be in a body, and this act of 1848 is the first law
that contains such provision. The act of 1847
does not.
Mr. BREESE. Yes, it does.
Mr. WESTCOTT. It authorizes the entry in
legal'subdivisions in a body. That is the differ-
ence in these acts. The act of 1848 does not pre- .
scribe that they shall be m a body. This bill !
proposes to give assignees the benefits of the act 1
of 1848. The act of 1848 itself excludes them, 1
and is confined to the soldier, his widow, and
heirs. I don't want to change the act of 1818 in
this respect. [Mr. W. here read the act of 1848 ]
I have no objection to allow them to enter the
leserved lands. All I protest against is making a
gift, a valuable gift, to a class of people th >t should
receive reprobation instead of favor for defying
the law of 1847 by their purchases of discharges,
and taking powers of attorney from the soldier to
evade its prohibitions.
Sir, if the Senator is right, and if 1 am wrong, 1
the proviso I offer but can ics out his views of the
act of 1848, in which I differ from him, and it
meets my objections fully. 1 did not refer to the
act of 1847, as ho supposes, and give it the con-
struction he supposes, but it is the act of 1818 that ,
I contend allows the entry in legal subdivisions,
without the condition of being in a body.
Mr. BADGEIl. Mr. Piesident, 1 have but a ;
few words to say upon this subject. I objected to ,
the incorporation of the amendment with this bill, !
and put the honorable Senator from Flouda to
the necessity of moving a recommittal, because 1 1
thought that that amendment ought not to be 1
made; and I think that a single consideration will
be sufficient to show it. It was a question origin- \
ally made in the Senate, and much debated here,
whether these claims should be assignable or not,
and very strong reasons were assigned by the
Senator from Missouri [Mr. Bjknton] why he ■
thought the claims should not be assignable at all. i
But they have been made assignable, and, being i
assignable, it is perfectly obvious, that if the oil-
ginal holder has a privilege respecting the claim,
which will not pass to his assignees, the wanant !
in his hands becomes lessened in value. If he
wishes to sell, and you do not allow him to sell '
his r'ght, with all the privileges belonging to it,
you dimmish m Ins hands the value of what he '
has for sale, preventing him from getting a full
price for it, whereby, under a desire to preserve !
from speculation the original holder of such a
claim, ytu do him a positive injury by diminish-
ing the value of the thing which you allow him to
assign. Now, it is not a question whether you
will allow hun to assign or not, for this privilege j
| you have already granted him. And it seems to
; trie (and I respectfully submit it to the honoiable
: Senator from Florida) that it is a positive benefit
, to the holder of the warrant to allow him to assign
! his right with all its privileges, because it enables
| him to get a better price for it. All restrictions
of this kind act heavily upon the owners of the
claims. They dimmish the value of the rates of
prices which they receive for their warrants, injure
the holder, and do no good to any one. There-
! fore, I thmk the amendment ought not to be made,
I and that the motion to recommit ought not to pre-
i vail.
j Mr. BREESE. Mr. President. I rise for one
, purpose only. I understand the Senator from
! Florida to say that the act of 1848, which was
' passed at the last session of Congress, was the first
' law of Congress authorizing the location of war-
j rants m legal subdivisions. I assumed, when up
: before, that he was entirely mistaken in his con-
struction of the act of February, 1847. I will read
but a few lines:
"Sec. 9. si ml he it fmtker enacted, That each non-eosn-
nnssioned officer, musician, or private, enh.-ted or to be
< nli-tcd m the regular army, or regularly nmsteied m any
volunteer company, for a peiiod ot not less than twelve
months, who has ^eivrd or may serve during The pios-ent
wat with Mexico. ,utd who shalfit'cciv^ an honorable di>-
cna g'', or who -hull have been kiihd or died ot wounds
received or s-ickness inclined in the course oi'&uch s-eivice,
or who Syhalllinvo been di$( luuat'd befoie the expnntion of
Ins U'ini ofbemrem coiit-equenee of wounds received or
sicknes> inclined in ihe cotn-e of such seivieo, <ha!l be
entitled to re< cive a certificate or wairant from the War
LV-pprtnif nt tor ;he quantity of one hundred and t>i\t\ acre>,
and winch may be located bv the \\ art an tee, or his hV:i!—at-
law. at anv land office of the. United States, in one bodv.
ami m ' confoitnity to the lejj.tl subdivisions ot the public
laud--, upojj an\ of the public lands in such district then
s.u!)|<H't to pi iv.itc euti} .*,-
Mr. WESTCOTT. « One body."
Mr. B1LEESE. That is what 1 have been con-
tending for. Under this law, the Geneial Land
Oifice allows the holders of warrants to locate them
upon lands in the form of a parallelogram or square,
as they may choose. But they must be located
upon contiguous subdivisions.
Mr. WESTCOTT. Mr. President, if the Sen-
ator will permit me, we do not disagree about the
construction of that law, but about the act of 1848.
That act (1848) allows the warrants to be located
in legal subdivisions without the restraint of being
in one body, and, in fact, without any rcstiaint
at all.
Mr. N1LES. Mr. President, from the expla-
nation of the bill which the Senator from Illinois
has just given, I am satisfied that it ought not to
pass. As to the point of difference between the
Senator from Illinois and the Senator from Florida,
I must say that 1 have been unable to determine
which is in the right; but I have become satisfied
that 1 cannot vote for this bill. What is the appli-
cation of this bill? Originally these land warrants
weie issued to soldieis, and wcie paid for m land
scrip, used only in the purchase of land at the
minimum price, and requiring no particular loca-
tion.
But a law was passed at the last session of Con-
gress giving them a further ad vantage, but confining
the benefits to the soldiers and their widows and
heirs. That law gave the soldieis and their heirs
an additional capacity, allowing them to purchase
with these warrants a new description of lands—
those which had been reserved and sold at a higher
minimum price than the other public lands. Now
this bill proposes to extend this additional capacity
to the assignees. What will be the cffect of it?
It will take away, in a great measure, from the
office*s and soldiers the benefits conferred upon
them by the net of the last session. These reserved
lands, which, by the act of the last session of Con-
gress, aie allowed to be purchased by these bounty
land warrants, are limited in extent, and are very
desirable lands. A large portion of these warrants
are now in the hands of these assignees, and if
you extend this additional capacity to them, they
will take up all these lands, and the operation of
your law, enacted for the benefit of the officers and
soldiers and their heirs, will be wholly void. All
these lands will soon be gone, and then where is j
the benefit that was to accrue to the soldier' I
There is another objection, however, to this bill, i
I think it is not desirable to shape our laws so that 1
the^e military land warrants shall constitute the '
entire currency for the land sales. If there are j
portions of the public lands in market for which  
these warrants are received in payment, so far they I
prevent money coming into the treasury; and if all
the best lands belonging to the Government arc
thrown open to the operation of assignees, you
must expect, for some few years at ""least, that
nothing will be received into the treasury for pub-
lie lands. These scrips can be bought at a dis-
count, and persons wishing to purchase any of these
reserved and superior lands would be apt to buy,
in the first instance, some of this scrip, and pre-
sent it instead of the money at the land office. It
is not good policy to have all these lands taken up
in a few years with this scrip; it would be better
to have it spread over a series of years. Therefore
I think this bill ought not to pass.
We have no right to confer any special benefits
upon these speculating assignees. If they have
obtained these scrips, what right have they to come
here and ask us to give them, by special legisla-
tion, privileges which did not exist when they
purchased the warrants? They obtained them
under existing laws, and no\v they come and ask
us to extend the law so as to give them additional
privileges. These assignees aie, for the most part,
unscrupulous speculators, who have made them-
selves notorious m this matter. I cannot consent,
for one, to legislate for their especial benefit.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, Mr. President, I
think it is very much to be regretted that we have
introduced the system of assignments of bounty
land warrants at all. It was oiigmally designed
that this grant of land should form a homestead
forthesoldierafter his mihtaryservices had ceased.
Again I say, it is greatly to be regretted that the
grant was not so restricted as to have kept it as long
as possible in the hands of the original grantee.
Having departed, however, from that rule, hav-
ing per milted the warrants to be made transfer-
able, the question now is, whether the assignee
shall have all the adv antagts which the country m
its generosity bestowed on the soldier? To this I
am decidedly opposed. jNTor will the argument of
the Senator from North Carolina change my opin-
ion upon that subject. I do not think that the
operation of this bill will at all enhance the value
of the warrant m the hand of the soldier. The
time has passed when that might have been done.
These warrants v. ere sold—geneially hypothecated
very soon after the discharge of the soldier—the
buyer relying on the soldier's honor faithfully to
discharge the warrants. And m a few cases wfiere
the warrants have not passed, either by hypothe-
cation or by a subsequent sale into the hands of
the assignees, they remain the property of those
who intend to hold on to a little tiact of land as a
rehe of their military services; hence such war-
rants cannot now be expected to be thrown into
the market. It is, therefore, a bill for the benefit
of the assignees, and in no possible contingency
can the least good ever accrue to the original
grantee—the gallant soldier, who periled health
and life in the service of his country. For that
reason I intend to oppose this bill.
Mr. WALKER. [The first part of this gentle-
man's remarks were mandible to the repoitei. lie
was understood to say that he did not intend to
favor this bill, which appeared to be for the benefit
of assignees.] I rise more particularly (continued
Mr. W.) to make an inquiry connected with this
subject, which the chairman of the Committee on
the Public Lands will doubtless be able to answer.
The Senator from Connecticut [Mr. Niles] has
very properly stated that this bill would make
these land warrants the exclusive currency for the
purchase of the public lands. Such is the state
of things in the State in which I reside. The
land officers theie axe not receiving revenue suf-
ficient to compensate them fot their services. The
entry of lands located by the possessors of bounty
land warrants is as expensive and troublesome
to the officers as the purchase of lands with mo-
ney; and owing to the fact that nearly ail the
lands purchased are paid for in this Government
land scrip, the land officers do not receive money
enough for their support. I introduced a memo-
rial some time since from the land officers m the
State of Wisconsin, praying for a compensation
for services rendered in entering military land
wariduLs, which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands. The inquiry which I wish to make
is, whether that committee have taken into consid-
eration the fact, that the land officers throughout
the country are left without a compensation for
their services m entering military land warrants,
and whether they intend to report upon the subject;
