266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 16,
Now, sir, instead of requiring the inhabitants of
New Mexico to go to California, and those of Cal-
ifornia to go to New Mexico, the probability is
that the President, under this law, will instruct this
board to sit at different points of the territory—at
Monterey, San Francisco, San Diego, and other
points convenient to the inhabitants of both terri-
tories; and really, sir, it would be rio great hard-
ship, it would not be asking too much of them, to
present to the board evidences of the claims after
they meet at those places; but it would, I admit,
be very great if they were stationary. They are
not so. They aie obliged to hold their sessions
in such places as the President may appoint. So
that the objection of the Senator is, { suppose, en-
tirely answered by the provisions of the bill.
This, sir, was the practice adopted many years
ago, when the domain in Louisiana was acquired.
Thete were but few towns in Louisiana, and a
bocud of comtnissionets sat at New Orleans and
St. Louis, and the claims were presented, and
they were confirmed or rejected as the evidence
warranted.
The next objection that the Senator takes is,
that, so far as New Mexico is concerned, it is a
country of indefinite boundaries, and we should
not meddle with it; there is an important question
pending, and it would be injudicious in us to inter-
fere with the question of boundaries. Now, sir,
this bill does not interfere with that question at all;
it does not meddle with it in any way whatevei.
No act is to be done by which an expression of
opinion of the Government may be had with rela-
tion to the boundary. There is, however, sir, a
portion of New Mexico about which there is no
dispute, in regard to which no adverse pretension
has been set up. I speak of the country west of
the Rio Grande, embracing about eight degrees of
latitude and one of longitude. 1 have never heard
any adverse claim set up to that country—no other
claim but that dansfcired to the United States by
virtue of the treaty of February last. As these
comrmssioneis aw to be governed by instructions
emanating from the President of the United States,
it is reasonable to suppose that they will be re-
stricted in their investigations to the country west
of the Rio Grande. Some discretion mustbe lodged
somewhere, and 1 can see no person more fit than
the Executtve. The Senator objects that the du-
ties of the commissioners are incidental to their
appointments as surveyor general, register, and
receiver; but the principal purpose for which they
are appointed is to decide on the claims to land,
their other duties are incidental; and the reasons
winch operated with me in proposing this amend-
ment was to avoid a multiplicity of officers. The
original bill proposes that there should be three
commissioners, us such, and in addition to them, a
surveyor general and other officers. 1 suppose the
whole might be accomplished by organizing a
board composed as the amendment provides. As
to the objections that the tales are in Spanish, and
their officers might not undeistand the language,
the bill provides that the secretary of this board
shall be a person well skilled in the Spanish lan-
guage, and so far as that objection is concerned, it
is also obviated.
But the gentleman objects that the bill is a vio-
lation of the treaty with Mexico, of the law of
nations, and of the decisions of the Supreme Court,
and is unjust in every particular. Now, sir, I have
examined the treaty with great care, and I cannot
see what provision of this law is in opposition to
any stipulation of the treaty. There is an express
reference in the bill to the treaty. Their decisions
must be m conformity with the treaty with Mexico,
the law of nations, and the decisions of the Supreme
Court. It is required thatthey shall confoim their
decisions to those authorities. How, then, can it
be said that it is in violation of them when express
reference is made to them as a guide m adjudica-
ting the claims?
The Senator also says the bill is in violation of
the Spanish law of prescription, which has been
in force six hundred years. Of this the committee
and myself have no knowledge. We have very
little knowledge of the Spanish law with regard to
the distribution of the public domain by Spam or
Mexico. California, however, fiom the year 1781,
has been governed by a special regulation alone,
and is not understood to be aifected by the Spanish
or Mexican usages in disposing of land.
The Senator says, sir, that the bill is an im-
peachment of all the tides in the country. How
so, §ir? How is it an impeachment of the titles,
waiting upon the inhabitants and merely asking
them to present a copy of their grant? And this
can be aone without difficulty, as no people are
more careful of their records than the Spanish.
Requiring them to show the deraignment of the
title, to show how they claim the land, is I think
objectionable; the bill ought to be amended in that
respect. I do not think we ought to go beyond
this question, Has the Spanish or Mexican Gov-
ernment relinquished their claim—in other words,
have the Government of the United States any title
to the land claim? It is a matter of perfect indif-
ference who is the owner if this Government is
not. The question should be, Has the Govern-
ment of the United States any tale to this prop-
erty? This objection is well founded, and the bill
should be amended in that particular. As to the
Spanish law to which the Senator refers, sir, the
law of prescription, I think that it is an excellent
law, and should it be the pleasure of the Senate to
recognize it, I would vote for it, and there is no
doubt but it would be a salutary amendment to the
bill; and also that it would be better, perhaps, to
authorize the commissioners to recognize as valid
the claim of every actual resident of the country
peaceably occupying at the time we acquired the
country from Mexico. 1 think that would be a
good and fair plan. It would save much future
ditficuHy, and give repose to all. lam disposed
to be very liberal with regaid to those people, and
I would not, so far as I am concerned, subject the
parties to any loss whatever; and it will be seen,
by examination of the bill, that gieat care has been
taken to prevent any such occurrence.
The Senator says it would be very hard to re-
quire those persons, ignorant of our language, to
submit to an examination of their grants. It is
well known that the records of Spain are better
kept than those of any other government. The
evidence of the grant exists in the archives of
California and New Mexico, and it could not be
considered an impeachment of their claims to re-
quire them to produce the original claim recorded
at the time. The main object of the committee
and myself is, to ascertain what lands the Govern-
ment in fact own in those countries; and to do
that, the committee believed the first thing to be
done was to ascertain the amount of private claims,
for it would be impossible to survey the country
and subject it to sale until their extent was ascer-
tained; and that could only be done by investing
some one or more persons with power to investi-
gate them. The committee knew of no other
mode than that adopted by the Government near
fifty years ago—the establishment of a board of
commissioners, with certain powers, and to per-
form certain duties.
There is another portion of the bill to which
objection is made; and that is, the mode by which
it is proposed to dispose of the mineral lands. It
is true, sir, that the committee had in their minds,
as the gentleman supposes, the gold mines entirely.
They had no regard to other minerals than that
which is attracting so much attention in this coun-
try at the present time. The Senator says he is
opposed to the bill because it proposes to sell these
lands; and he supposes—for lie so told the Senate
—that it is to be surveyed in tracts of two acres,
and in that way disposed of. Now, it will be seen,
by reference to the bill, that there is no such pro-
vision as that in it. The bill authorizes the officers
named in it, if in their judgment it shall conduce
to the public interest, to lay them off into tracts of
not less than two acres. They may subdivide the
land in tracts of not less than two acres; but they
have a discretionary power. They are not re-
quued to divide it into tracts of two acres; but they
may do it if they think it is proper and for the
interest of the United States.
The Senator says that two acres are not enough
for mining purposes. But, sir, smelting and re-
ducing the ore is one thing, and mining is another.
The miner penetrates the soil, and requires but a
few yards of ground for his operations; the smelter
purchases the mineral of the miner, and has his
establishment convenient to fuel. They are two
distinct and different pursuits, carried on by dis-
tinct and different persons. So that two acres of
land, if as rich as we suppose these lands to be,
will be amply sufficient to be under the control of
any one person. But this is a matter entirely left
to the discretion and the discrimination of the
board of commissioners. So far as the provision
is concerned, it is one which I introduced myself-
and my opinions were formed, in some degree, by
Colonel Mason's report, If you look at his letter
it will be seen that he recommends that the land
should be surveyed and sold in tracts of twenty
or twenty-five acres, as soon as possible. The
Senator says he would not think of selling the
washings. We do not sell the washings. The
lands are ours; and if they have this incidental
value attached to them, by being supposed to be
filled with gold dust and washings from the gold
mines, is it not right that the Government should
avail themselves of it? I have no doubt, sir, that
in the present state of the public mind, if this land
was to be divided into small tracts, many hundreds
of thousands of dollars would be received for lands
not worth more than §1 23 per acre. On account
of the fictitious value which the supposition of
their being full of gold dust would be given to
them, they would be brought under the influence
of the excitement, tnough containing no gold what-
ever, or but small portions.
The Senator has stated that he supposes this to
be the plan of the department; and he says that
it ought not to be sanctioned by Senators. Now,
sir, so far as the department is concerned, I must
exonerate the Secretary of the Treasury, and every
other head of a department, and the Executive,
from any participation whatever in this bill. I do
believe—in fact I am almost certain—that not one
of them has ever seen it, or knew anything about
it before the discussion which took place here yes-
terday The suggestion grew out of the letter of
Colonel Mason, and from conversation with mem-
bers of the Senate upon the subject. My own
opinion, sir, is, that it is far better to sell the lands
at once, while the excitement is up, than to keep
them, than to grant permits upon the plan of the
gentleman from Missouri. I must confess that I
was very much astonished to hear that Senator
advocating the leasing system. Ever since the
year 1824 he has contended against that system,
so far as his State was concerned, and it is but
two years ago that the principle was abandoned in
Illinois. These permits are nothing more than
the old leasing system revived; a system which
never gave satisfaction to the country, and from
which the Government never derived any benefit
whatever. It is far better that these lands should
all become the property of individuals, and that
the benefits derived, if any, should go into the
pockets of individuals. All experience shows that
this is the true policy.
The Senator says he is against hoarding up these
mines, and hopes that they will be exhausted very
soon. This bill provides that they shall not be
hoarded; that they shall be surveyed and sold by
the Government at once, that they may at once be
laid open to individual enterprise. And if a mint
is established there, some revenue may be derived
from it for the Government. The Senator's idea
of having an agent there to grant permits and pre-
serve the peace of the country, and to settle pri-
marily controversies growing out of boundaries and
the mining lots, is singular indeed. I should like
to have the Senator say who is to support this
power there. He speaks of the moral power of
the people, but 1 apprehend that it will require
something more than that to govern such a com-
munity as is now there, and soon to be increased
a thousand fold, stimulated as it will be by the
cursed thirst for gold.
It would be impossible, it seems to me, for any
one man to exercise the power of granting permits.
He could have no power or authority at all: none
whatever. It would not be regarded, but be con-
temned and derided. He would not be physically
capable of grantmgthem if they were applied for,
and would have no power to protect the holder of
the permit in the exercise of it. I do not wish to
see the Government connected with mining opera-
tions at all. 1 have always opposed it.
The Senator has made objections also to the bill
because it requires the officers to be appointed to
give bonds for the proper performance of their du-
ties; and also to take an oath thatthey would con-
tinue in the public service. He says it is a very
singular provision; he says it is a novelty. If 1S
so. No other bill which has ever come before
Congress has contained such a provision. And
the reason for this singular provision is, that here
is a very singular state of things. We are told,
sir, that crews have left their ships. Our ships or
war are afraid to come near the coast for fear oi
