1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
267
losing their men. Two-thirds of the detachments j
of diffeient troops have deserted, and it is impos- |
sible to get assistance to perform even ordinary !
household duties. Sir, there must be something
else than the mere pay you give these individuals
to bind them to continue in their respective sta-
tions. You must bind their consciences; you must
require of them an oath that after being appointed
they will discharge their duties faithfully during
the time for which they were appointed. True, alt
this may be of no value. It may not be able to
accomplish all that it is intended to accomplish;
but certainly it can do no harm to have such a pro-
vision m the bill. We can at least try its efficacy.
The Senator also objects to the grants of land
as not being liberal enough. He says we should
make as laige grants in this bill as m the bill of
1843 to the settlers in Oregon, which proposed to
give 640 acres to the actual settlers in that Terri-
tory. I think the gentleman is mistaken. I do
not think the policy should be the same with re-
gard to California as we proposed to pursue with
regard to Oregon. We desired to have that coun-
try settled. It was in dispute; and it was import-
ant to us that theie should be a power upon the Pa-
cific coast of this continent to aid us in settling it.
That was the reason why we were so liberal; that
was the reason why we were so ready to give 640
acres to the settler.
But, so far as California is concerned, the case
is widely different. It was at first a foreign coun-
try, and our citizens went there from speculative
motives. We have purchased it; and we see that,
without any inducement whatever other than its
rich promises, the people are going there by thou-
sands and by tens of thousands. They are going
constantly there, and need no great inducements; jl
but, notwithstanding that, the bill proposes to give ! j
160 acrcs to any one who should have actual pos- |j
session of the land, and had brought it under ac- ::
tual cultivation, or who should go there within a jj
specified time. The committee supposed this to ;i
be amply sufficient. Jj
These are the objections, very briefly answered, .
which have been urged by the Senator from Mis- |
souri. As he says he will not be an opposer with- ;!
out being a proposer also, he has submitted a j
proposition of his own; and I am free to say, that ,!
if there were courts organized in that Territory, 1 ,!
do prefer his plan to that submitted by me. But
that is a great objection to his bill; it is fatal to his ^
plan. There are no courts there, and therefore the j
writs of scire facias cannot be issued to try the |i
cases. Whether they will be established or not, |j
no man can say. There is no probability that \
any government can be organized in California at i
this session of Congress. If there was one there, ,j
and the courts were established, I repeat that I jj
do not know that I have any objection to his plan; i,
I will say that I think I should prefer the plan ||
suggested by the Senator, were these courts estab- |1
lished, to the piesent bill. But, sir, we must do |
something about it immediately. If we do not act ;
this session, the bill will be delayed a year and a (
half, and the Government will derive no benefit ,
from the lands for years to come. There are, 1
however, sir, other objections to the ^Senator's i
plan, and akin to those he has urged against the 1
bill. |
Now, sir, so far as the Senator's plan is c*n- j
oerned, it proposes to give to the attorney power :
to impeach every title in the country. He first |
requires that the recorder shall hunt up and ascer- j
tain the titles of the lands. He shall record all <
that may be brought to him; and it will of course
be for his interest to have as many come forward ,i
to present their claims to be recorded as posssiblc. ;
And so with regard to the attorney, it is upon i'
his suggestion that the scire facias will be issued: j;
and it will be for his interest, in the way of fees, ;!
that he should attack every title m the country.
It will be for his interest to have every single title ;
in the country investigated, and as much " terror
and consternation" will be brought upon the peo- ;
pie by this investigation by the attorney as by the j,
board of commissioners proposed by the bill. In- jj
stead of one suit, as the Senator supposes, there :
will be ten thousand suits, because the more eases j
the more fees to the attorney; and more titles will
be impeached, because it will be for his interest to !
impeach them. I do not think, sir, that anything s.
will be gamed in that respect by the plan proposed. |
I would prefer, myself, sir, so far as I have been ]:
able to examine this subject, as the settlements in I,
California are almost entirely upon the coast, that !;
a district should be laid off between the coast !;
mountains and the sea, within which are almost all 'i
the missions, towns, and settlements, and leave the \
adjudication of the titles to the courts when they {'
may be established, and in the mean time to sur- j;
vey and sell the rest of the country, and grant j
donations as speedily as possible, and I should |j
prefer myself, sir, that the bill should be so !;
amended as to authorize these commissioners to ;
confirm the claim of any person found in peace-
able possession of his land, town-lot, or farm, at j;
the time of the treaty of 1848. I would do noth- ji
ing to disquiet the settler. I would be liberal and j:
kind to him; and, instead of confiscating his prop- j 1
erty, or any part of it, I would render him secure ]i
in its possession and enjoyment. I would do full !
justice to him in every particular: at the same time ij
1 would not overlook the rights and interests of ! 
the Government. j
The question on the recommitment of the bill '
was then put, and decided m the affirmative,
j So the bill was recommitted. j'
j CADWALADER WALLACE.
j On motion of Mr. CORW1N, the Senate pro- |j
| ceeded to consider the bill for the relief of Cadwal- J
j ader Wallace, as in Committee of the Whole. ;!
Mr. COR WIN. for the information of the j'
j Senate, with respect to the merits of this bill, I will ;
I send to the Secietary a communication on the sub- i
i ject, which I believe comprehends every proposi- |i
! tion of law or fact connected with the claim. It jj
j was made some years ago by a gentleman who is ;
now a member of the other House. 1 will ask !|
j that it may be read by the Secretary. j)
I [The communication was accordingly read.] !]
! I will again, if any Senator desne it, trouble the jj
j Senate with a lew wurds in explanation of this bill,
j We all know that a cession of lands was made by
| Virginia to the United States, winch lands were
i reserved for the satislaction of the claims of rev-
! oJutionary soldiers. It is described as a tiact lying
I between the Miami and Scioto rivers. Before this :
j cession was obtained, the Government had sold j
lands lying within the Virginia reservation, and ,
! the vendee was in possession. The holders of '
revolutionary land warrants located their claims '
upon the same lands. Subsequently to the sale '
actions have been brought, and the Supreme Court
has decided that the lands covered by these
warrants of Cadwaiader Wallace lie withm this
boundary. The holder of the warrants now asks
Congress to give him the amount that was actually
ing the first section, but disapproving of the second
section of the bill.
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved that the further
consideration of the bill be postponed until Friday
next, and ma.de the special order for that day.
The question having been put by the Chair,
there was no quorum voting.
And, on motion of Mr. MILLER,
The Senate adjourned.
paid into the treasuiy on account of the sale of 10 da\ until deposed of.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 16, 1849.
The Journal of yesterday was- read.
! The SPEAKER stated that a resolution had
i been offered yesterday in the following words:
Resolved, That the bills reported by the Committee on
Teiruories to establish Territonal Governments in Upper
California and New Mexico, be made liie special order lor
Tuesday, the 23d day of January instant.
The vote (the Speaker continued) as handed to
the Chair by one of the clerks, was 114 m favor
to 51 against the resolution. There being two-
thirds m its favoi, the resolution was declared to
have been adopted. It appeared that there had
been a misreading of one of the figures on the part
of one of the clerks, and that the true state of the
vote was—yeas 114, nays 71. The correction
would be made in the Journal this morning, and
the resolution would be declared not to have passed.
The motion to lay on the table the motion to ie-
considcr the vote would of course be a nullity.
CONGRESS OF NATIONS.
Mr. TUCK asked leave to offer the following
resolution, which being objected to, was not re-
ceived, viz:
Whereas the evila of wm are acknowledged b) all civil-
ized nations, and the calamities, individual and general,
which are nit-eparabi} connected with it, have attiacted rue
attention or many humane *ind enJightem d citizens or tins
and other countries; and whereas it is the disposition uf
the people of tile United States to cooperate with others in
all appropuate ami judicious exertions to prevent a recur-
rence of national conflicts: llieiefoit-,
Resolved, Ttiat the Committee on Pojeign Aft'uis be di-
rected to mquue into the expediency of authonzing a cor-
respondence to be opened by the Secretary of Mate witli
foreign Gov eminent? on the subject of proiunng treaty sup-
ination^ loi the reference ot all future dispute* 10 a inendiy
arbitiauon, or for the establishment instead then of of acon-
irrc-N of nations to determine international law , and settle
international disputes.
Mr. HARMANSON asked leave to offer the
folilowiug resolution:
Resolved, That House bill No. 63j, to aid the State of Lou-
isiana in reclaiming the swamp lands theiom. be made the
.>peciai ordu fur to-mortow week, ana continue 1'ioni day
the said lands as reported by the Commissioner of
the Land Otfice, fifteen yeats having elapsed whilst
he has been unable to avail himself of the benefit
of his location. By decision of the State court in
Ohio, as well as of the Supreme Court of the United
States, these lands belong to the Virginia reserva-
tion; the Government has sold them; and the pat-
Mr. WHITE objected to the resolution, and to
all resolutions; and called for the regular order of
business—the reception of reports from commit-
tees.
Mr. FRENCH, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill for the relief of the ex-
ecutors, devisees, and heirs-at-law of Thomas
en tees are many of them in possession. The lands j! Fletcher, deceased, late of the State of Kentucky;
are worth from ten to twenty dollars an acre. All which was read twice.
that is required by this bill is, that the exact amount
for which the lands were sold at the minimum price
should be paid to the holder of the warrants, and
it is provided that it shall be paid in land scrip.
That is the whole extent of the claim, and theie
can be no possible objection that I can see to the
payment by the Government for those lands, from
which he has been ousted.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and ordered
to a thud reading. By unanimous consent, the bill
was then lead a third time and passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. BRIGHT, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business.
After a short time, the doors weie reopened.
CLAIMS OF THE VIRGINIA LINE.
On motion of Mr, UNDERWOOD, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of a bill to provide
for the unpaid claims of the officers and soldiers
of the Vnginia State and Continental lines of the
revolutionary army.
The bill being under consideration as in Com-
mittee of the Whole—
! Mr. FRENCH briefly explained the bill, and
! appealed to the House to put it upon its imrne-
j diate passage. He said that the children and heirs-
| at-law of Fletcher complained that the executois
' in the administration of the estate had done them
j great injustice. All the sureties to the bond weie
j hopelessly insolvent; they had been so for years;
! the Government had lost everything upon the
bond irretrievably; and the children of Fletcher
! claimed from the Congress of the United States the
■ release of the les;al representatives fiom all the
] obligations, for the purpose of retaining what they
■ might recover (if anything) against the executors,
: upon a judicial investigation of their administia-
tion of the estate.
: Mr. HALL, of Missouri', moved to commit the
bill to the Committee of the Whole House. He
' could not understand the propriety of requiring the
, officers of this Government to give bonds for the
faithful discharge of their duties, and, after having
I violated their duties, of allowing the sureties to
, go scot-free. He considered the principle entirely
wrong: the bonds were required for the purpose of
! securing the Government from losses; if, theiefore,
j after the officers proved defaulters, the Govern-'
Mr. UNDERWOOD made an explanation of, ment were to release the sureties, it appeared to
the character of the bill. him that the process of requiring bonds was a
Mr. N1LES followed in a few remarks in oppo- ■, mere mockery, and had better be dispensed with
siiion to the bill. j a!to°*eth(r 
Mr. FHELIPS made some observations sustain- i\Ir. FRENCH appealed to the gentleman from
