268
-THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 16,
Missouri to withdraw the motion to commit, that j
the House might hear two short statements read, i
one prepared by a gentleman in the other branch 1
of Congress, and another by himself.
Mr. HALL assented, for the purpose specified,
and the papers were read at the desk.
Mr. HALL stated that it appeared to him, from
the reading of those papers, that it was most man1
ifest that this bill ou^ht not to pass. He under-
stood, from the communications which had been
read, that there were several sureties to the bond:
now, he appealed to gentlemen in this House, if it
was right or fair, when there weie several sureties,
to release one and throw the whole burden on the
others ?
Besides, he was not sure if there was not a
pointof law involved m this proposition, into which
it would be well for the House to look. The or-
dinary rule of law was, that if the obligee of a
bond released one of the obligors, he released all.
That was the rule applicable to contracts between
private parties. Now, had the Government the
right to change the law which applied to contracts,
in its operation upon the sureties of the Govern-
ment, and m favor of itself?
It had been said by the honorable gentleman
from Kentucky, that the surety whom he proposed
to release was utterly insolvent. That was not a
matter for the House to look into. Besides, if the
surety were utterly insolvent, the release could do
the heirs no good.
He thought the House ought to have time to
deliberate upon the matter. He therefore renewed
the motion to commit the bill to the Committee of
the Whole House.
The motion was agreed to, under the operation
of the previous question moved by Mr. WlItTE,
and the bill was committed to the Committee of
the Whole House.
Mr. HAItALtiON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary AiKurs, to whom was referred the petition of
John Dies, made an adveise leportthereon; which
was laid on the table.
PA VM EXT FOR KILLING AN INDIAN BOY.
Mr. BOT TS, from thesamecommittee, to whom
was referred (Senate bill entitled "An act to au-
thorize the Secretary of War to make reparation
for the killing of a Caddo boy by volunteer troops
in Texas/' leported the same back without amend-
ment; committed.
iVi). BOT'fS gave notice, that, as the public in-
terests lequned that this bill should be passed
without delay, he would take an early opportunity
to move that the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the CJnion, for
t;;c purpose of considering it.
TRANSPORTATION OF TROOPS ACROSS THE
ISTJI MUS OF PANAMA.
Mr. King, of Georgia, from the Committee on
Naval Afuurs, repotted a bill to make compensa-
tion lor the transportation of troops and supplies,
for a limited time, over the Isthmus of Panama,
and to promote the interests of American com-
merce, accompanied by a report m writing*.
The bill having been twice read by its title—
Mr. KING moved that it be commuted to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and that it be printed; and it was referred accoid-
mgly.
Mr. KING, by the instructions, he said, of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, moved that ten thou-
sand extra copies of the report and of the accom-
panying map be printed. And he also moved that
the bill be made the special order of the day, after
the appropriation bills should have been disposed
of.
Mr. BRODIIEAD lose to inquire of Mr"! King
whether the leport contained a map.
Mr. KIIN'G said there was a map accompanying
the repoit, which map had been printed by order
of the House at the last session of Congress. The
engraving was already on the stone. The expense
of engiavmg the copies would be very trifling.
That, howe'ver, was a question which he supposed
belonged, under the tulc, to the Committee on
Engraving. He had merely made the motion in
obedience to instructions fiom the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
The SPEAKER, said there were two questions
before the House. The first was, on makin°- the
bill the special order of the day, after the appro-
priation bills should have been disposed of. This
motion could be made only by unanimous consent.
Mr. ROOT rose and objected to any special
orders until the territorial bills should first have
been made the special order.
So the motion was not entertained.
The SPEAKER said the next motion, submit-
ted by the gentlemen from Georgia, [Mr. King,]
was to print ten ^ thousand extra copies. That
motion must lie over one day, except by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. ROOT objected.
By general consent, the proposition to print was
referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. KING now suggested, that if the House
should prefer it, he would move that the bill
should be made the special order next after the
territorial bills should have been disposed of.
Mr. ROOT explained that the territorial bills
had not yet been made the special order, and that
his objection was to making the gentleman's bill
a spcciul order until that direction had been given
to the territorial bills.
Here the conversation ended.
Mr. WICK, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, reported a bill for the relief of Daniel Samp-
son, accompanied by a report in writing; which
bill was read twice and committed.
NAVAL AND MARINE SERVICE.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the same committee, re-
ported a joint resolution for the purchase of copies
of theGeneial Navy Register and Laws.
The joint resolution having been twice read by
its title—
Mr. SCHENCK moved that it be put upon its
passage.
The SPEAKER. As there is no motion to com-
mit, the question will be on the engrossment of the
resolution for a third leading.
The resolution was then read.
Mr. EICKL1N inquired of the Speaker, as a
pointof order, whether the resolution did not con-
tain an appropriation? and whether, therefoie, it
was not neces&diy that it should go to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER said he did not hear, on the
reading of the resolution, that it contained an ap-
propriation.
Mr. FICKL1N asked that the resolution might
be again read; which having been done—
The SPEAKER said that the resolution con-
tained an appropriation.
Mr. EICKLliN moved that it be committed to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. SCHENCK said that he would, in as few
woids as possible, explain the object of the reso-
lution. Recently there had been compiled a Gen-
eral Register of the Naval and Marine Service of
the United .States, comprising all the personnel of
both branches, from their earliest organization to
the piesent time.
This had been connected with a compilation of
all Jaws passed at any time, or which had any
bearing upon the history of the naval service. _ it
was the only compilation of naval laws which
we yet possessed, with the exception of a Manual,
which was in use at the Navy Depaitment. Tins
book seemed to be regarded as an important work
by those in charge of that department; and it was
the unanimous opinion of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, that such a work ought to be placed in the
hands of the different commissioned officers of the
naval and marine corps.
It was a fact, that a naval or marine officer could
not at piesent know what his duty was in refer-
ence to a great number of points ot discipline, and
other matters, except by gathering tnem from
diiferent laws which had been passed from the
year 1800 to the piesent time. He must look
through half a century of legislation, and that he
could not do, because he could not have access to
the books.
This compilation had been prepared with great
labor, by tracing not only through the various
volumes of the laws, and the various legisters, but
by ransacking the files of the department itself,
access to which was allowed for the purpose by
the Secretary of the Navy. That officer had en-
couraged the preparation of the work, it had been
prepared with great care and labor, and was of in-
estimable value to the service.
Mr. KAUFMAN was understood to inquire
what would be the expense of the distribution of
the work ?
,i Mr. SCHENCK said, the expense would be
'■ about fifteen hundred dollars, and he proceeded to
explain that no officer was a commissioned officer
until he had reached the grade of lieutenant
1 Midshipmen and passed midshipmen held only
, under warrant, and the first resolution was con-
!i fiued in its operation to the commissioned officers.
|j When he was interrupted by the inquiry of the
gentleman from Texas, [Mr. Kaufman] he (Mr.
; S.) was about to remark upon the value of the
|| publication. Pie might say, in corroboration of
i' the opinion of the Navy Department, and of the
\', Committee on Naval Affairs, that he held in his
\\ hand a letter from the superintendent in command
j1 of the naval school at Annapolis, to whom the
work had been referred, and who had given his
opinion upon it. That opinion was of the most
favorable kind. Independent of other consider-
ations, he said that the expenses incurred in courts-
martial would have been, many times over, saved
to the country by the distribution of such a \iork.
The letter was long, and as the House might be
impatient, and might not like to hear it read, he
would not ask that it should be.
Many experiments had been made by this
House in respect to the purchase of books for
members themselves. He believed that in such
cases there had been no such thing known as a
failure. He trusted that now, when it was de-
sired to purchase, for an important branch of the
public service, books which were absolutely re-
quisite to enable the officers attached to it to per-
, form their duties to the country intelligently arid
, satisfactorily, members of this House would show
| by their votes that they were willing to be as lib-
! eral to that other branch of the service as they
| had usually been towards themselves,
i Mr. KAUFMAN (imperfectly heard on the
' right of the Chaii) was understood to say that he
had never voted for any of the books to which the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] alluded, nor
should he now vote for the passage of this resolu-
tion. He did not know but what the officers of
the navy themselves might consider it an insult on
the part of this House to give them these books,
and thus say to them that they were not them-
selves willing to pay even three dollars for a work
which was snid to be of so much value to them in
their profession. He moved that the joint resolu-
tion be laid on the table.
And the question having been taken on that mo-
. tion, the vote was announced—ayes 42, noes 49.
But no quorum voted.
! Mr. KAUFMAN demanded the yeas and nays
i on his motion, which were ordered,
l Mi. SCHENCK rose to correct an erroneous
impression under which, he said, the gentleman
| from Texas [Mr. Kaufman] seemed to be labor-
| ing. The resolution was not his (Mr. S.'s) own,
; but it was a resolution lepoitcd from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, acting under information
| from the Navy Department.
| The question was then again taken, and decided
| in the negative—yeas 84, nays 94—as follows:
I YKAS—-Messis. Atkinson, Bea!e, Blackmar, Bacock,
I Bovvhn, Goul, Bovden, Bridge-*, Brodhead, Willwim
' Biown, Cbailes Biown, Albert G. Biown, Butler, Howell
■ Cub!), Williamson 11. W. Cohh, Collamer, Cummins, Danul,
: DaUmg, JJiAon, Embiee, Feather-ion. FicKhn, Fiem-li,
■ Giyle, eient!y, Guiding. Gogum, G<>u, Greek;, Wdlard P.
| Hair, Flniri-, fteorue S. Houston, Ino^, Iversnn, Jenkins,
| Andrew Johnson, James II. Johnson," Robeit \V. John-on,
George W. Joncx, Kaufman, Kennou, Daniel P. King. Sil-
| noy Lawrence, Letter, Ligon, Lord, Lumpkin, McCHiaial,
1 McDowell, McKay, Jo!) Maim, Hoiaee Mann, M<irsh,
Miliei, Morehe.id, .\1 orris. Nelson, Nteoll, pea^lee, I'etnt,
Pcj ton, PhUps pilsbnry, Iiinjtt, Rieiiard-am, Richey, liolwi-
son, Roman, Root, Simeon, Jsnnirt, Robert Smith, Staik-
weathur, Chailes E. Sfua>i, Thorna-, Jacob Thoinp-on, R.
, A. Thompson. Toombs, Venal)!*-, Wallace, Wick, Wiliiwt,
; and Woodward—84.
! NAYS—Me^is. Aliboff, B;iriow, Belcher, Brady, Bnck-
| nor, Catheart, Chapman, Clapp. FiankJin Clark, Cocke,
Collins. Conger, Ciam-ton. Cn^fteld, Clow ell. Crozier.Diek-
t in-fin, Donrtoll, Ganiett Duncan, Dunn, Lckett, Edwanis,
Nathan Ev.-un, Faran, Fi-htr, Floiunoy, Fieedlev. Flics,
Fulton. Games., Green, Gi it in ell. Nathan K. Hail, Ilammons,
I J inn.". G. Hampton, Mo-e- Hampton, HaraKon, flai man^oii,
! Henley, IJ< .jiy. Hill, Hiihaid, £ha= B Holmes, John W«
Houston, Hubbaid, Ilud-on, Hunt. Charles J. lngei!>oIi, J. R.
Ingeisoil, Iivin, Jameson. John W. Joner, Kellogg, Thomas
ttutler Kinir. Lahm, La i^eie, \\ ilham T. Lawrence, Lin-
coln, Maday. Melhaine, Moi>e, Mullin. Murphy, "\tJWull,
Outlaw. Pailrcy, Pendleton, Pollock, Preston, Putnam,
hoekluli, Julius' Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Itmn*-«y>
Sf. John, Schenck, Cai<-b J>. Smith, Tiuiriim Sunt!),
ton, Sfrohm, Tallmad<re, Tavloi, JamesTnoinp on, Richard
W. Tnomp-on, Thurston,Tuck, Turner, Van L>> kc, Ymtuii,
Warren, Wentworth, Wile\, Williams*, and \YiNon—1'4.
So the House decided that the joint resolution
i should not be laid upon tho table.
