1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
269
And the question recurring on the engrossment
thereof 
Mr. GREELEY moved to amend the resolu-
tion so as to limit the distribution to one copy for
each national vessel.
One word (said Mr. G.) about this book vote.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] had
said that gentlemen here voted for books for them-
selves, and therefore ought to vote these. He (Mr.
G.) had been two or three times accused of voting
for books for himself; he had tried to vote against
it, [a laugh;] but it seemed that in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union he must have
voted for it upon some division of the committee,
by rising when he did not know what was the
question. [Renewed laughter.] He had voted for
amendments which were moved by the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, when he
had not been acquainted with them himself. He
had never wanted to vote for these books. [More
merriment.]
lie would state, with reference to the vote of
books for members of Congress, that lie did not
object to them on account of the books; but he be-
lieved, if they weie distiibuted according tu the
true intent with which they were purchased—if
the books were truly carried home and placed in
the public libraries, it was a fair and honest appro-
priation of the public money.
Now, with reference to the distribution of these
books for the navy: if one copy of the laws were
placed m every public vessel, it would be within
the reach of every officer while on duty service;
when the officers were on shore waiting orders, he
thought they could very well afford to buy them
for themselves.
Mr. FICKLIN said this resolution introduced,
as he understood it, a new principle into the legis-
lation of Congress. It was true that they pur-
chased books for the members of this House, and
distributed them. To that policy he had never
assented; he had always voted against it. and he
would never consent now to enlarge it, to increaes
the expenditure of the public money by embracing
commissioned officers of the navy. Now, he
asked, if they should publish books and distribute
them to the commissioned officers of the navy,
why they should not distribute like books to the
officers of the army and to every officer of the
Government? It seemed to him that there was no
aigument for this appropriation that did not apply
in all its forcc to the other officers of the Govern-
ment. If, at this session of Congress, they had
these laws compiled and distributed, at the next
session would they not be called upon to publish
a new book revised and enlarged?
Why, he would ask the gentleman from Ohio,
if the commissioned officers had these books,
should not the non-commissioned officers have
them? Why should not the seamen have them—
the men upon whom the laws fell with their great-
est force, who were liable to be whipped, or to be
hung up at the yaid-arm ? Was the seaman to be
ignorant of the law, and it to be held, as a sealed
book, m the hands of the commissioned officeis?
It seemed fo him that it was the extension of a
principle which was wrong in itself at first.
Mr. STANTON said, he thought the honorable
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ficklijt] took atfiew
of this matter which was not justified by the
character of the resolution itself, it was not the
design of the resolution to give a gratuity to the
officeis of the navy, but to <i\e them the means of
properly peiforming their duties; and the expense
in this case was as justifiable in every point of
view as would be the expense of printing instruc-
tions to these officers as to the nature of their du-
ties. This book had been compiled, not exactly
under the authority, but at least by the permission
and with the approbation of the Secretary of the
Navy, and it was believed by him to be extremely
useful, insomuch that he had purchased a number
of copies for the use of the department. Jt was
the only compilation of that character, and of an
equal degree of usefulness, now extant.
in reply to inquiries by Mr. Fickun, as to the
propriety of paying three dollars for a woik of
this si/.e, be explained tlmt it contained much rule
and figure work, (as it was technically termed;)
that it was of an unusual character of printing, and
that from the limited number of copies iIm? could
be sold, it must necessarily come at a higher price.
Instead of incurring a useless expenditure by the
adoption of the resolution, there would be an ac-
tual saving to the Government.
He appealed to his colleague on the Naval Com-
mittee, [Mr. Sciienck,] to send up, to be read at
the Clerk's desk, a letter from a distinguished offi-
cer of the navy, showing the importance of the
work.
The letter was sent to the Clerk by Mr. Sciienck;
but
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, interposed
and said, he hoped the resolution would pass, but
he was sure the House did not want to listen to
the leading of that long letter.
Mr. BOWLIN moved an amendment, to add
at the end of the resolution the following:
And to each seaman, sailor, and maun*1, one copy of all
the patuotie airs and national sori^, piovided tlieys>liall not
co«-t more than fifty rents per copy.
The SPEAKER ruled the amendment out of
order; first, on the ground that it was not an
amendment to the amendment pending; and sec-
ondly, on the ground of irrelevancy, for (he said)
the resolution provided for the distribution of a
scientific work to the officers of the navy, and the
distribution of "patriotic airs and national songs5'
[laughter] had no connection with it.
Mr. VINTON moved the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered.
Mr. FICKLIN inquired what had become of
his motion to commit the resolution?
The SPEAKER replied, that he had not heard
the gentleman make such a motion. If the gen-
tleman asserted that he had, the motion would be
received, and the question would be first upon it.
Mr. FICKLIN stated, that he had made a mo-
tion to commit previously to the demand for the
previous question.
The question was then taken first on the motion
to refer the resolution, which was rejected.
The amendment of Mr. Greeley was rejected—
ayes 46, noes not counted.
'And the original resolution was ordered to be
engrossed.
Mr. KAUFMAN objected to its third reading
to-day, and—
The resolution passed to the file of bills, on their
third reading, on the Speakef's table.
COMMITTEE REPORTS AGATN.
Mr. BOYD, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill extending;
the provisions of the 9th section of the act entitled
"An act to raise for a limited time an additional
mihtaiy force, and for other purposes," approved
February 11th, 1847, to the commissioned officers
below the rank of brigadier general who served in
the late war with Mexico, leported the same hack
to the House with an amendment; which bill and
amendment were committed to a Committee of the
Whole, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. GAYLE, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the
heirs of Scmoice, a friendly Creek Indian, accom-
panied by a report in writing; which bill was read
twice and committed to a Committee of the Whole,
and made the order of the day for to-morrow; and
the bill and report ordered to be printed.
Mr. GAYLE, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill to extend the provisions of an act of
the 3d March, jfcMo, entitled "An act to confirm
the survey and location of claims for lands in the
State of Mississippi, east of Pearl n\er, and south
of the thirty-first degiee of north latitude," to the
district west of Pearl river; which was read twice
and committed to a Committee of the Whole, and
ordered to be punted.
Mr. VINTON moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The SPEAKER suggested to the gentleman
from Ohio and to the "House that theie were a
large number of documents on the Speaker's table,
which (the hour for the reception of reports having
expired) might be laid before the House by a mo-
tion to procccd to business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. VINTON waived his motion for the pur-
pose, and—
On motion of Mr. FICKLIN, the House pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the business upon
the Speakers table.
COMMISSIONER OF PENSIONS.
The Senate bill " to continue the office of Com-
missioner of Pensions" having been taken up—
Mr. VINTON said the Committee of Ways and
Means had had this subject under consideration,
and had directed him to report the same bill to the
House. The necessity for the bill arose out of the
fact, that by the law creating the office of Commis-
sioner of Pensions, his office was to expire in
tl6. The law had been renewed in 1846, to con-
_ue in force to the 1st of March, of this year;
unless, therefore, this bill were passed, after the
1st of March next the office of Commissioner of
Pensions would be abolished, and there would be
nobody to perform its important duties. He asked
that the bill be put upon its passage.
The bill was read a third time and passed.
MAJOR SCANTLAND.
The Senate bill entitled "An act for the relief of
James M. Scantland" was read twice.
Mr. BARROW said: I hope the House will
allow me, Mr. Speaker, to make a brief statement
in this case.
i Major Scantland enlisted as a private in Captain
| Foster's company of the first regiment of Ten-
I nessee voluuteeis in 1846, and having been se-
I lected as standard-bearer by its gallant colonel,
] he was present at the storming of Monterey, and
j had the honor, amid danger and death, to plant the
, banner which he bore upon the fort captured by
j the Tennessee and Mississippi troops.
He afterwards marched to Tampico, and having
i embarked there, was in time to take part in the
, capture of Vera Cruz, and the bloody fight of
: Cerro Goido. When his term of service was
! about to expire, he received the appointment of
| captain m the fourteenth regiment, commanded
i by Colonel Trousdale, and raised under the ten
i regiment bill. He came immediately to the United
1 States upon the recruiting service, and soon re-
| tuined at the head of a full company. He par-
ticipated in the battles of Contreras, Churubusco,
j Molino del Rey, and Chapultepec. In the last-
• mentioned fi^ht, while leading his men in the
■ assault, he was struck down by an escopet ball,
| which passed through the right eye, and, ranging
I downwaids, came out under the left eai, and he
| was kft foi dead upon the field. I-lc was after-
wards discoveicd and saved. Major General Pil-
low, if! recollect aught, stated, in his report of thi3
! biilliant affair, that his escape was miraculous.
The bievet lank of major was conferred upon
i Captain Scantland, for his gallant conduct on this
i occa&ion.
At our last session, Mr. Speaker, a pension was
granted to Major Scantland of thnty dollars a
! month. Finding, in a short time, that this sum
was insufficient to support himself and his family,
! the major sought occupation as a tempoiary clerk
! m one of the departments. lie soon discoveied,
however, that his health, already so much im-
paired by ins wound, and by a pulmonary com-
| plaint, contracted in Mexico, was rapidly yielding
i before a labor to which his strength was inad-
i equate; and he was advised by his physician to
; desist from fuither exertion. A certificate may be
j found, sir, among the papers in this case, from an
; assistant surgeon in the United States uimy, to the
j effect that Major Scantland is uttcily inc.ipaataU;d
| from pursuing the occupation of a clcik, not only
from the :>tate of his geneial health, and his pul-
l monary af)Vction, hut from the amaurotic condi-
tion—l believe such us the term—of his left eye.
I may state, moi cover, that small pieces of bone
: and offensive matter are continually issuing fiom
his wound, and that he is becoming feebler every
day. Under these circumstances he comes forward
a second time, and asks assistance at the hands of
Congress.
Can a fitter object be found for the exercise of
the sympathy and hberalty of the repicsentatnes
of a generous people?
Mr. MULL1N said that he had no hostility to
the person for wiiose rehef this bill had been re-
poited, and that he should make no objection to it,
if it could be passed without establishing a piecc-
dent which would ultimately swallow fop the entne
' revenue of the Government. He apprehended that
theie was nothing in the case which had been pre-
sented, that furnushed any stronger chums upon
the generosity of this House than could be pre-
sented m favor of one-half of the officers and men
who had served in the Mexican war. Gemienien
on this lloor could not have failed to remaik, shat
dining the last summer the stieets of this city were
, filled with maimed and disabled men, wholly dc-
