270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 16,
prived of the means of earning their subsistence,
in consequence of their services in that war. W ould
Congress pass these cases over and give preference
to this? Upon what principle would they do so?
What justice was there in it? At the next session
of Congress, if this billshould be passed, hundreds :
of applicants with claims upon the consideration
of this body as strong as this would present them-
selves here. He repeated he had no hostility to
Captain Scantland. But he (Mr. M.) was opposed
to opening the door to such inroads upon the
treasury, unless some system could be devised j
which would apply equally and justly towards all j
who had rendered service in tile Mexican war. j
The sympathies of this House were not to be |
appealed to, and its action to be influenced by that :
rule in matters of this kind. Justice was to be !
done to the Government as well as to the soldiers.
And if this system was adopted, we could not raise j
revenue enough to meet the expenditures to which j
it would lead. More had been given to this indi- ;
vicinal by the act of the last session, than to other i
officers under similar circumstances, and he moved, \
therefore, that the bill be laid upon the table. j
But Mr. M. withdrew the motion (on pledge of i
renewal) at the request of—
Mr. VENABLE, who said he thought there was
do danger that the evil which the gentleman who
had just taken his seat seemed to apprehend
would ensue by listening to the just claims of
this gallant man. The gentleman seemed to think,
thrtt if the pension of this individual was increased
a hundred dollars, others would come and ask
similar grants. Let others make out such a
case as this, and he (Mr. V.) would vote in favor
of them all. He believed that the country
would sustain him in that vote. He did not be-
lieve that the people of this country would cast
censure upon their representatives for providing
for the wants and necessities of men whose disa-
bilities had been thus biought upon them. This
gentlemen had fallen in the front rank, taking his
troops into battle. He came here the mere wreck
of what he was—standing with one foot in the
prave—and asked the icpresentatives of the people
to provide support for him for the portion of life that
yet remained. If there was one object upon earth
for which our people were willing to be taxed, it
was for just such an object as this. And it there
ever was a country upon earth in which the gallant
soldier, who had freely poured forth his blood for
his country, should be provided for, it was this.
And so it should be. He cared nothing for the
increase which the gentleman seemed to fear in
cases of this description. He cared not how
many there were. Let such a case as this be made
out, and he, for one, would vote to sustain the old
aiie and infirmities of these, at the expense of that
country for which they had fought and bled.
In accordance with his pledge, Mr. V. now re-
newed the motion (made by Mr. Mulli.m) that
the bill be laid upon the table.
And the question having been taken, the motion
was rejected.
The question now recuriing on oidering the bill
to he engrossed for a third reading—•
Mr. VINTON, for the purpose, he said, of clear-
ing the way for other business, demanded the pre-
vious question.
And there was a second. And the main ques-
tion was ordered to be now taken; and having been
taken, the bill was ordered to a third reading at this
time.
Mr. TURNER said he supposed, if objection
was made, the bill must go over.
The SPEAKER answered in the affirmative.
Mr. TURNER moved a reconsideration of the
vole by which the bill had been ordered to a third
reading.
Mr.T. said that he admired and respected the
feeling which had prompted a favorable report in
this case. He knew very well that there was a
very large class of individuals whose claims were
quite as meritorious as that under consideration,
and he much preferred that a general bill should
be passed in which this class of cases should be
provided for. For, notwithstanding what had been
said by the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Venable,] that he would vote at any time for a
bill of this nature, where the case was so clearly
made out, it was nevertlilcss true that there were
but very few of these private claims that could be
got before the House. This bill was in the nature
of a private claim; and unless as a special favor to
the individual reporting the bill, or through some 1
special influence, no matter how meritorious a
case might be, it received no favor. ^ There were
cases in various sections of the Union similar to
this which the House was unable to reach, with ;
reference to the rules, which prescribed the mode j
in which they should be taken up. The present
case had been brought up merely through the sym- ]
pathy of the House. He opposed this bill, not be- |
cause he was opposed to giving Captain Scantland
the pension, but because there were other cases !
that should also be provided for.
Mr. T. now withdrew his motion to reconsider.
The bill was then read athird time, and passed.
The following Senate bills were then taken up,
read twice, and referred to appropriate commit-
tees, viz:
A bill continuing the pension of Patrick Walker;
A bill for the relief of the owners of the schooner
Ticonie; and
A bill for the relief of Nehemiah Brush.
The bill to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the service of the fiscal year ending June
30, 1849, which had been returned from the Senate
with amendments, was taken up and, together
with the amendments, was referred to the Commit-
tee of W ay s and Means.
The bills of the House for the relief of James
P. Sexton, and for the relief of Sarah D. Caldwell,
wife of James H. Bingham, which had been re-
turned from theSenatewith an amendment to each,
were taken up, and referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the message from the Senateof the 12th instant,
requesting the return lo the Senate of the bill of
the House entitled " An act directing the mode of
!j settling the claim of Charles G. Ridgleywhen—
j The request of the Senate was agreed to by
j the House, and the bill was directed to be returned
j| to the Senate.
jj EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
t The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
r lowing communication:
i To the House of Representatives of the United States:
I herewith transmit the annual repoit of the In-
; spectors of the Penitentiary of the District of Co-
il lumbia, made in compliance with the act of the 3d
jj March, 1829. JAMES IC. POLK.
VVashingcon, January 11, 1819.
j The SPEAKER laid before the House sundry
'! other communications, viz:
I. A letter from the Secretary of State, trans-
mitting, in obedience to the acts of April 18, 1818,
and the eleventh section of the act of 26th August,
1842, statements of the names of the clerks in that
department, with their compensation; which letter
and statement were laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
II. A letter front the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting the report of the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs, with a statement of persons employed m the
Indian Department during the year 1848, prepared
pursuant to the 13th section of the act approved
June 30, 1834; laid on the table.
1(1. A letter from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting a statement of the expenditures during the
year 1848, from the appiopriation for the contin-
gent expenses of the military establishment; laid
on the table.
IV. A letter from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting, m obedience to the resolution of the House
of Representatives of the 20th of December last, the
number of regular troops engaged in the late war
with Mexico, and the States in which they were
enlisted; laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
V. A letter from the Secretary of the Navy,
transmitting a report from the Commissioner of
Pensions, of the list of the names and residences
of the persons who have applied for relief under
the navy pension laws whose claims have been
rejected, and the reasons for rejecting the same;
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
VI. A letter from the Secretary of the Navy,
transmitting a report of the Fourth Auditor of the
Treasury, in obedience to the lesolution of the
House of Representatives of the 14th of June last,
requiring the amount paid each person borne upon
the Navy Register, on account of his pay, rations,
servant, forage, &c., and the gross amount paid or
allowed hnn insall respects for and on his account
for the preceding fiscal year; laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
VII. A letter from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, transmitting a statement of the Register of the
Treasury, showing the amount of treasury notes
paid under the provisions of the act of 10th August
1846, during the past year; laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
VIII. A letter from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, transmitting, in obedience to the resolution of
the 18th December last, a statement of the Register
of the Treasury, showing the amount of iron im-
ported under the tariff of 1846, and the amount of
revenue received on the same; and a similar state-
ment of iron of all kinds imported annually under
the tariff of 1842, and the amount of revenue re-
ceived on such importations; referred to the
i Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered to
1 be printed.
IX. A letter from the Commissioner of Public
Buildings, transmitting, in pursuance of law, a
i report of the manner in which all appropriations
for the public buildings and grounds have been
| applied; laid on the table, and ordered to be
, printed.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
I Mr. VINTON called the recollection of the
House to the fact, that on a former day a resolu-
tion had been adopted providing that all debate on
this bill should cease in one hour after it should
again have been taken up in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. He believed
that a motion had hern made, by a gentleman on
the other side of the House, [Mr. Cobb, ofGa.,]
to reconsider that vote. He (Mr. V.) felt very
sure, that from the disposition which had been
manifested to debate the subject of the mileage of
members the other day, the debate, if not arrested,
might run on for weeks. He would therefore
move that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table; and he did so upon a doubt whether, if
the House should go into committee before having
disposed of the motion to reconsider, the resolution
would be carried into effect or not.
Mr. COBB said he believed he had made the
motion to reconsider, and that therefore be was
entitled to the floor on that motion, in preferenceto
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton.] It was
not his (Mr. C.'s) intention to call up the motion
to reconsider at this time. He was as heartily
sick and wearied of the discussion upon the sub-
ject of mileage as the gentleman from Ohio. His
(Mr. C.'s) purpose was to allow the motion to
reconsider to remain as it was—that the House
should go into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and that the debate should be
closed. And he did not intend to call up the mo-
tion to reconsider, unless debate should be found
necessary on some important question. He did
| not wish to reopen the debate on mileage or any-
1 thing else. He merely asked that the bill might
be left open to debate, if, as the committee pro-
ceeded, it should be found requisite.
! Mr. VINTON desired to be informed whether,
I if the motion of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
! Cobb,] should not be disposed of, and the House
i was to go into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, it would be obligatory on the
: committee to enforce the resolution ?
Mr. COBB said, the resolution would of course
; be enforced. It had happened, not unfrequently,
■ that after a resolution of this kind had been in
1 part executed, the committee had risen, and the
\ House had reconsidered the order. He should
| insist in committee that the order of the House
should be executed, until the House should act,
■ if at all, upon the motion to reconsider.
Mr. VINTON said, if the order of the House
must be executed in committee, he was content
that the proposition of the gentleman fiom Georgia
. should be carried into cffect, because there might
be some matters which, m the progress of the bill,
might require debate.
Mr. COBB said, he had no doubt that course
might be pursued; and he repeated that he hau
neither the intention nor the desire to reopen the
debate, except for the cause he had indicated.
Mr. VINTON asked the opinion of the Chair
on the point of order.
The SPEAKER, m reply to the inquiry of the
; gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vin'tok,] was under-
stood to say, that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union would settle its own points
of order.
i Mr. COBB made a remark not heard by the
reporter.
