THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIYES.
30th Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, JANUARY ID, 1849.
New Series No. 18.
money for this object has not been misspent. He
believed these coast surveys to be of the greatest
utility, not merely to the rities of the Atlantic, but
to every town and hamlet in the whole country, as
well as to those now directly engaged in carrying
on the business of trade and commerce. He had
no disposition to occupy the time of the committee
any further than as hefeltcalled upon to say a word
in refutation of what might be construed into an
unjust attack upon those engaged in the coast sur-
vey.
Mr. KIN(Jr, of Massachusetts, next obtained
the floor, but gave way for a moment at the re-
quest of
Mr. McLANE, who (scarcely heard) desired
merely to say to the gentleman from Ohio, thatif he
would make the examinations su<;a:eRted by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Nrcoi.L,]—if he
would examine and compare the increase of ex-
pense which he had observed with the increased
number of persons engaged in the service, and
compare the whole with the results obtained, he
(Mr. McL.) was-satisfied, from his knowledge of
the urbanity and fairness of that gentleman, that he
could nf t find it in his heart to make the reflections
upon this service in which he had just indulged.
Mr. KING then proceeded, and said he agreed
fully with the gentleman from New York and the
gentleman from Maryland in regard to the im-
portance of the United States coast survey; and
he thought, also, from his knowledge of the char-
acter of the gentleman from Ohio, that the excel-
lence of his heart would not allow him to persist
in his opposition to this coast survey, any further*
than at the last session he opposed a proposition
which he (Mr. K.) had the honor to offer in rela-
tion to the marine hospital fund. And he would
now take occasion to call the attention of the com-
mittee to the importance of this question, for fear
that he nii-'ht not again have an opportunity to do
so. The gentleman from Ohio would recolleft,
that at the last session, he (Mr. K.) proposed an
amendment to the annual bill now before the com-
mittee, refunding a sum of money which had been
taken from an appropriation for a marine hospital
at Key West. The gentleman from Ohio objected
to this proposition as out of order, and the objec-
" tio'n was sustained by the gentleman who then
occupied the chair. Now, he knew the gentleman
from Ohio had no objection to the hospital, but
was merely mistaken as to the matter of the amend-
ment; and as to the order, the place in the bill to
which he proposed to apply the amendment was
• clearly the only proper place whore it could be
brought in. The committee would pardon him
for saying now, that-he did not appeal from that
decision of the Chair, because so little attention
was generally given to the subject contemplated in
, his amendment, that he felt an appeal would not
be sustained, and that he might as well give it up
without an effort. And to show further and more
conclusively that members of Congress had no
definite information at all in relation to this fund,
he referred to an objection which was interposed
the other day by the gentleman from Texas [Mr.
Kaufman] to a mere resolution of inquiry, offered
by himself, with reference to this fund. That
gentleman had since done him the honor to say
that he did not consider, when he made his objec-
tion, that the proposition was of any importance.
Mr. KAUFMAN interrupted merely to state
that the ground on which he then proceeded was,
not that he objected simply to the matter of the
resolution, but he considered that it ought to have
been a joint resolution.
Mr. 'KING continued. The object of the reso-
lution was merely to obtain information. He had
stated the reasons for the objections in these cases,
and he considered both the gentlemen altogether
excusable; but he did not think gentlemen should
have a good excuse for remaining in such igno-
rance of this matter. He should, therefore^ at
some proper time, propose a resolution authorizing
and requesting the Secretary of the Treasury to
communicate any information, and make any sug-
gestions to Congress, witfi respect to this fund,
which he may deem important or advisable.
IB
Within the last forty years upwards of three
millions four hundred thousand dollars had been
collected of this fund in the several collection
districts; and for tHis immense sum there was
no Idwregulatinsr the manner in which it should
be expended. There was, indeed, a law of 1708,
which gave to the discretion of the President of the
United States .the care of the whole matter; and
there was another law prescribing that hospital
money collected in any particular district shall be
expended in the same district where it has been
collected. But there was before him a report from
the Secretary of the Treasury, showing; that, in the
district of Massachusetts, there had been received
$558,100 28, and that' $454,485 55 had been ex-
pended in the same State, fn another of the States
there had been collected $74,5f>5 35, and expended
$93,074 97. In another there had been collected
$188041 59, and expended §,385,914 G2. In an-
other State there had been collected $149,186 88,
and expended £414 592 37. In another there had
been collected 9,549 07, and expended $15,316 93.
Yet, in one of these districts where there had been
already more expended than had been received,
there was about to be expended thirty thousand
dollars more, notwithstanding: the law which pro-
vides that this money shall be expended in the
same district where it has been collccted.
He did not say anything about the appropria-
tions heretofore made, but only complained that
the laws were Contradictory upon the subject, and
that gentlemen had a good excuse for being almost
wholly ignorant of the law with respect to this
fund. For these reasons, he should be in favor of
charging the Secretary of the Treasury with the
duty of collecting all the information within his
reach upon this subject, and making such altera-
tions in die piesent law as he may deem expedi-
ent; and he did not think that a thousand dollars,
which should be appropriated to this object, could
be better expended.
[A Votcf.: The Secretary might furnish the in-
formation without expense.]
Mr. KING replied, that information upon this
subject had been authorized by a joint resolution
which passed both Houses of Congress more than
four years ago, and it remained still unanswered.
Nor did he blame the Secretary in the least for
this delay; for his office was all the time burdened
and borne down by duties devolved upon it by
Congress, and which was altogether beyond the
strength of the force it was allowed to employ.
He could not believe that gentlemen would refuse
to join hmi in an appropriation to obtain this
much-needed information.
Mr. SAWYER (in his seat) said he considered
that the committee and himself were very much
enlightened upon the subject now. [A laugh.]
The hour allotted to debate having expired, the
committee proceeded to vote.
The state of the question was as follows:
Mr. EMBREE had moved to amend the item
for per diem and mileage of members of Congress
by adding a proviso, that the mileage should he
reckoned upon the shortest post routes from the
respective residences of members to the seat of
Government.
Mr. STEPHENS had moved to amend tins
amendment by striking out the word " shortest,
and inserting " usual."
And the question was on the amendment to the
amendment.
The question having been taken, the amendment
to the amendment, was rejected.
The question recurring on the amendment—
Mr. COLLAMER moved to amend, by provi-
ding further, that no constructive* mileage should
be allowed to any member of either House.
Mr. EMBREE accepted this proposition, and
modified his amendment accotdingly.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the entire proviso, and sub-
stituting in lieu thereof a proviso, that hereafter the
allowance of mileage for coming to and returning
from the seat of Government should be ten cents
per mile, the distance to be computed by the usual
post route from the residences of the Senators,
Representatives, and Delegates to the seat of Gov-
ernment; and in lieu of their present per diem, that ;
each Senator, Representative, and Delegate should
be allowed pay for his services at the rate of • 
hundred dnlldM per tUinum.
Mr. UARALSON called for a division of the,
question upon the amendment of Mr. Embrkf,, so
as to \nte first upon the proposition relative to the
sho>*tesf mail routes, and secondly, upon that rela-
tive to constructive mileage. He was opposed (he
said) to the one, and in favor of the other.
The CHAIRMAN said the amendment was not
susceptible of division.
Mr. HARALSON appealed from the decision.
But subsequently it was ascertained that the
Chair had understood the gentleman to allude
to the amendment of Mr. Schexgk; and the call
for a division of the question having reference to
the amendment of Mr. Emurxe, the matter of ap-
peal waived until that question* should be
16Mr"'SCHENCK (availing himself of the rule
allowing gentlemen five minutes to explain their
amendments) said, his amendment proposed to
alter the whole principle of the compensation of
members of Congress. With theexception of here
and theie a gentleman who derived gi eat advantage
from the present regulation, e\ery one seemed sat-
isfied that some amendment of the present system
of allowing mileage was necessary. If his amend-
ment conlrl not be adopted, he was ready to go for
the proposition to compute it by the shortest post
route, because this would remedy the present evil
in some small degree. He did not think, however,
that it would furnish an efficient cure. The evil
was fundamental, flagrant; a member coming one
hundred or two hundred miles received some $800
for tins short session, while a member from Lou-
isiana, Eloiida, from the extieme parts of the
Union, leeeived from $3,000_ to ft 1,000. There
was no propriety, no equality in this; and tVssvas
not cured hy theaipeuument of the gentleman from
Indiana, which was so waimly advocated by the
"entVman from New York, [Mr. Giu:eI/EY*,] nor
, did it approach a cure. Now, he piop^ed wnat
i he thought would be an adequate remedy: to allow
to each member ten cents a mile, whim he, thought
i wouM about cover the expense of tifwehog,
! amounting, as it would, for every one hundied
i miles to jji30. „
i He proposed, moreover, instead of a per diem
- allowance, to substitute, the principle of an annual,
fixed allowance. He would pay to members some
reasonable compensation. He should pay that^the
blank might appropriately be filled with ^2,501);
some gentlemen said $2,000, some ^3,000, and
upwards. Perhaps £2,000 would be enough; he
i hardly thought so. Out. he held that a member of
: Congress, taken from his family as ho was, and
1 subjected, as he must be from the necessity of the
' case, to increased expenses—?to the douole ex-
| pense of keeping up his family establishment at
! home and to the expenses here—ought to receive
1 at ]<Mst as much as the head of a buveau.rccnved-,
i and there was not. a head of a biiieau who did not
| receive three thousand dollars. Two thousand five
i hundred dollar?, then, would be low,
| Again: it was argued that members of Congress
i ought not to be paid an annual salary, because
i they ditl nr't devote then* whole tune to the public
! service. Thst won not true. When a man was
j torn fsom hvs business from three to six and nine
i months ovecv vear, it operated almost entirely to
destroy all oth r business. Whenjat home, ne
i was pulled by the elbow, and taken by the coat
J sleeve, and asked to pay attention to various mat-
' te>-s relative to the public service, so as to be drawn
i-almost continuously for the whole year trom his
; pj-jvate business. There was a pioptiety, tnen, m
i paying him for his time.
I Affair), (for be must hurry on, ns he sp'y tlio
1 hammer v-as about to fall.) there wn«* a highti
i consideration*, pay the legislative department prop-
erly, and von made that department independent,
il as it oi'o-h' to be, of the executive department; and
|j you vou'.d not find members of Congress rutimns;
1! after clerkships, the posts of heads of bureaus,
