276
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 17,
principle; and, after a full debate, the Senate de-
cided expressly against it. It is true that the bill
reported at the last session proposed to exempt
newspapers circulating within thirty miles of the
place of publication, or within the county in which
the paper might be published. I objected to that
principle because it was exclusively and entirely
for the benefit of that portion which is thickly pop-
ulated, having a great many little newspapers that
do not circulate beyotW the limits of their respect-
ive counties. It was an unequal legislation upon
the new States, >vhere they have not so many
newspapers—where, in fact, one of their counties
is as large-, and sometimes larger, than one of the
New England States.
I shall move to amend this amendment by stri-
king out tlie words "not more than fifty miles,"
and inserting in their place "and sent to a post
office in the Congressional district in which its
office of publication is situated."
Mr. NILES. Mr. President, I would say to
my friend from New Jersey, [Mr. Dayton,] and
others, that I desire to get the action of the Senate
upon the amendments, and, if they are adopted, I
shall not object to the postponement of the bill in
order to have it printed as amended.
This is a subject which every one must see de-
pends very much upon the arrangement and per-
fection of its details. We had the"subject under
consideration nearly the whole of last session, and
it has been discussed and debated in full; and, as
the'merits of the whole bill depend upon, the de-
tails, I would like to get these amendments acted
upon, as the committee wish to get the bill and
amendments before the Senate in a connected
form, and that has been my sole object to-day.
Mr. PEARCE. Mi. President, there are some
amendments to fhis bill to which I shall be op-
posed; but the particular amendment under con-
sideration seems to me to be entirely proper. That
amendment relates to the postage of letters sent by
sea, and has received the approbation of the whole
Postage Committee. I believe the Senator from
Connecticut has explained that, by the postal ar-
rangements with Great Britain, certain rates of
postage have been imposed upon letters sent or I
received by the British mail steamers, or by our
own .mail steamers, to and from Great Britain.
The only object of the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Connecticut, is to equalize the
rates of postage upon all letters sent by sea. It is
manifest and pifiper that we should not have one
rate of postage where letters or papers are sent to
or received from Great Biitain, and another rate
upon letters and papers which come from or are
sent to other coulees beyond the sea. The only
object of this amflffnent is to equalize the rates
cf postage 111 all such cases. It seems to me that
this is very proper, and cannot be liable to any
manner of objection. The Senator from ?^e\v Jer-
sey cannot, 1 think, object to the amendments
being acted upon in committee, and then printed
for the use of the Senate.
Mr. DAYTON, (interposing.) I have no ob-
jection to that.
Tift amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Ml'. NILES proposed further to amend the I
amendment, at the close of <the third section, by
adding the following provision:
That publishers of newspapers and perindicals shall he
entitled to rgeervr. free of po«tsv;t', one copy ol any other
newspaper or periodical in exchange for theirown publica-
tion, anu have the piivilege of sending lulls agam«t their
suh>eriber  in their papers or periodicals, fiee 01 postage.
The amendment was agreed to.-
On motion of Mr. NILES, the amendment re-
ported by the committee was further amended, by
striking out the words "an ounce and a half"
and inserting "two ounces." '
The question then being on agreeing to the
amendment as amended—
Mr. DECKINSOZsT rose and said : Mr. Presi-
dent, at the last session of Congress we had up
this question of newspaper postage. 1 then offered
an amendment proposing to give to newspapers
that are published weekly throughout the country
the privilege of circulating free of postage for a dis-
tance of utty miles from their place of publication.
The honorable chairman of the committee pro-
poses, as I understand, to charge for thaiftlass of
newspapers hah a cent each. I am myself in favor
of their being exempted from postage under the cir- :
cumstances 1 have stated; but, as I was unable to j
procure the adoption of my proposed amendment !
for their free circulation, 1 am willing, in order to
approach as nearly as possible to the accomplish-
ment of my object, to take the amendment of the
honorable chairman, with this slight modification,
viz: to insert the words " published weekly only,"
and instead of one-half, to insert one-fourth ot a
cent. It appeared to be the sense of the Senate
last session that that rate of charge wo-uld be high
enough. I repeat, I am in favor of their circulating
free; but if I cannot get that^I desire that the
charge shall not exceed a quarter of a cent wheie
the newspaper does not weigh more than an ounce
and a half.
Mr. NILES. I wish that/the Senator from New
York would consent to postpone his amendment
for the present; it involves the great principle that
is to be decided by the bill. The principle of the
bill, as every gentleman knows, is, that low post-
age may, in process of time, become as productive
of revenue to the department as a higher rate: and
I wish to have it tested in the shape in which it
has been presented by the committee. 1 have my-
self gone somewhat further than my own judg-
ment would have dictated in making the charge
upon such newspapers half a cent.
Mr. DICKINSON. There is much force m
what the honorable Senator says, that if we have
a low rate of postage, it is necessary that every-
thing that is conveyed by the mails should pay
something; and although 1 did hope the honorable
chairman, who understands the subject so well,
would have consented that the rate ot charge upon
these papers should be one-foui th instead of halt
a cent, yet, as I do not wish to embarrass the
measure, I will, at the suggestion of the Senatoi,
withdraw my proposition for the j^sent, and offer
it at some future s'age of the bill.
The amendment as amended was concurred in.
Mr. NILES then moved further to amend the
bill by striking out ail after the words "as fol-
lows," iii the iifth line, to the end ot the section,
and inserting the following:
All letter convened by mail any distance in the United
States shall be ehaiged with postage by weight, and accoid-
litg to theii iaic ; letter? weighing nut exceeding half an
ounce, shaft pay a iate of three cents to lie prepaid, und ti\ e
cents if not ?o prejiaid ; 1. tiers weighing moie than halt an
ounce and not exceeding one ounce, shall pay two ifUe , of
six cent-, to be [.repaid, and l-ri cents i! not prepud ; lettyis
weighing more than one ounce and not exceeding two ounces
shall pay tour rate>, or twelve cents, to be piepaid, and
twenty cent* if nut piepuid ;and letters exceeding two ounces
in weight shall pay an additional poslnge ot four rate*-, or
twelve cent?*, for every additional dunce or tracuonaf part
thereof if prepaid, and twenty cents, il not prepaid.
The amendment having been read—
Mr. NILES explained its object. As the bill
now stands, (said Mr. N.) thiee cents are to be
charged, if the postage is prepaid, for every letter
not weighing more than half an ounce, and the
same &um for every additional half ounce. The
amendment which I now propose departs from
that rule of progression, and makes it conformable
in some respects to the rule that has been adopted
in relation to postage in England. Their rule is
this: They charge one penny for the first half
ounce, and one penny in addition for an additional
half ounce. They then commence duplicating,
and for the next ounce they charge two rates. Any
thing beyond two ounces is charged four rates, and
soon. This amendment proposes the same geo-
metrical progression, continuing the uniform rule
for all over two ounces, and not departing from it
except so far as fractions are concerned. The sec-
tion provides that letteis weighing more than one
ounce and less than two ounces shall pay two
rates, whereas, as the bill now stands, they would
pay one rale m addition for the fractional parts be-
low the maximum of the third rate. When you
get to two ounces there is a duplicate progression,
but it is not continued any further; whereas the
English law goes on duplicating. The effect of
this amendment will not at all interfeie with the
great mass of communications that go through
America, for they seldom excecd an ounce.
Now, a word as to the reason for the introduc-
tion of this principle. There are, I believe, tlvo
direct reasons. The first is to guard against a
violation of the law. if we adopt the half ounce
as the first rate, a person may write five letters
upon such paper as may now be procured for the
purpose—such as the French use—and the whole
five will npt exceed the weight to which the fitst
rate is attached. Meichants and men of business
having extensive correspondence with individuals 1
at any paiticular place might send out a huge I
number of communications under one cover, pay-
ing but one, or at most two rates of postage, and
11 afterwards to be distributed. This principle of
j progression will cut up a piactice of this kind, be-
: cause as the weight advances, the postage will
advance, and nothing will be gained by heapin^
communications together. Another advantage is,
you secure to the whole mass of the people, as well
as to the whole business community, merchants
lawyers, and others, the privilege of transmitting
documents, such as deeds and other instruments
in writing that are several ounces in weight, for
which they can well afford to pay something more
without a very large increase of charge. If the
Senate adopt this [rate of progression, they wil?
have gone further in the way of reduction, than
the British Government have gone in their late
treaty with us regarding the transmission of letters..
They will have the advantage, because they wil\
charge upon all letters more than will he charged
by us. Still I admit that will not be a considera-
tion of sufficient importance to prevent us from
adopting the rule which I have proposed.
The amendment was agieed to.
Mr. NiLES. I will now offer the amendment
in relation to the franking privilege, and then I will
ask that the bill be laid over until to-morrow, in
■i order that it may be printed as amended.
j! The amendment is as follows:
j] Sec. —. %nnd be it Jurther enacted, That fs'om and after
i; tiie tir?t day ot Juh, eighteen hundred arid forty-nine, the
tj franking privilege, except in respect to the President of the
ji United States mid tne (x-Pj< fidents of the United States,
bo, and the same is heiehy, abohslu-d. That all letteis and
jj packages, not weighing over an ounce, sent or received by
(' lilt; Vice i'rt&ident of the Cnned States, the Secretary of the
11 Senate, the Senators and niemb?rs of the House of Repip-
! senfahves and delegates trom Teriitoiics of the Congress
-r ot the United States, and the Cleik ot the House of Repre- •
| seiitative*, dming the session of Congress, shall be paid
from tne contingent fund of the two House'* of Congress;
] and all documents printed by order of either House of Con-
1 gre-5-, when sent by any member of either House of Con-
j gtcvi, shall be convened m the mail freee of postage, a^ree-
1 aMv to the exi-ting law. That all letters and packages
i, lehmng to otliual bu^ine.-so! any of the Executive depart-
j luenhs ot the Government, sentoi received by ihe Secretary
,i of State, the Secretary of the Treasury, the Secretin y of
Wai, the Secietary ot the Navy, the Postmaster General,
: tilt Attorney Gtmeiai, oi by the heads* of the bureaus of said
I departments, shall be convened nee of postage, bems cei-
j! Ufied on the envelope to be official eoiinnunuMtion& by any
'| of the Executive officers aforesaid ; and if any ofhepr shall
j: make a false certificate on any letter or package, with the
!! intent to defraud the Post Othee Department, he shall, on
II conviction, forfeit and pay tifty dollars for the use of saidf
i. department.
j| Mr. UNDERWOOD moved to amend the
: amendment last offered by inserting after "Attor-
j' ney General" 41 the Judges of the Supreme Court.*
l' The provision as it stands reads thus: "That all
i letters and packages relating to official business of
- any of the Executive departments of the Govern-
ment, sent or received by the Secretary of State,"
i <Scc. And it is communications of the same de-
.I scription—that is, relating to the official bttsiness of
!l the Judges of the Supreme Court—that i wish to
jj have comprehended within the provision. And I
';! will state the reason why I desire this amendment
to be made. Some of the Judges of the Supreme
[' Court—Judge Catron, for instance, whose juris-
|i diction extends to the Rocky Mountains, and
i others—are receiving communications, consisting
■ | of packages of considerable size, upon official
• i business, upon matters which pertain entirely to
|j their office as judges; they are applied to for in-
junctions, and very frequently a whole record is
11 sent to them for their action. They are also ap~
jj plied to for w rits of error, and upon all these
; communications they are chargeable with postage,
i Now, 1 think, if you allow the executive officers
; of the Government to receive everything which
!' pertains to their official duties free of postage,
there is the same reason for allowing the Judiciary
,! department to receive communications of the same
; Character also free of postage. No good reason
i can be shown why a distinction should betaken to
ji the Judiciary and the executive departments in
! j reference to their official duties. Ithope the amend-
!i ment will pievaiJ.
Mr, DAVIS, of Mississippi. If the Senator
will move further to amend the amendment by
i striking out the words "sent or," so as to make
! the privilege extend only to communications re-
, ceived by the judges and other officials, I will vote
for il; and I will do it in accordance with the gen-
eral principles that govern my votes upon this
subject. Public agents may be justly entitled to
receive communications free of postage; but I am
i decidedly opposed to the franking privilege, and I
