'1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
the account'chargcd to the client. The judge has
nothing to do but to exercise his judicial functions
when the papers reach him, an§ he sends them
hack to the lawyer from whom he received them,
leaving the lawyer, on behalf of the client, to pay
the postage on delivery. I repeat, therefore, sir,
that, unless you extend the. franking privilege to
the justices as a personal privilege, this amend-
ment will afford them ho advantage; but, on the
contrary, it will be a privilege to parties litigant
alone, and will enable them to send through the
mail free of postage a mass of papers, amongst
which will be some of the heaviest documents
that it conveys, except perhaps some of the pub-
lic documents published by Congress. Pass this
amendment—extend to litigants this privilege—
and you will have packages containing briefs,
pleadings, injunctions, testimony, and every other
paper which is requisite in the prosecution of legal
business by private individuals transmitted over
the country at the public expense. I see no reason,
then, why we should give the privilege to the
judges of the Supreme Court to receive mail mat-
ter free of postage, unless it shall be extended
to their private correspondence, and I shall vote
against the amendment.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, my ob-
ject has been accomplished. I would have inter- '
rupted the gentleman who has just taken his seat
by doing what I now intend to do, but that I
wished to hear his views on this subject. I desired
to see how far the weaker branch of this Govern-
ment was to go to the wall, when it was compared
with the strength of the executive departments,
in relation to reforms, in connection with the sub-
jects which have been here discussed, I intend to
go as far as he who goes the farthest; and now, to
test the sincerity of gentlemen, I will submit an
amendment which will furnish a test vote as to the
extent to which gentlemen are willing to go in re-
forming the abuses of the franking privilege. I
can sec no difference between the judicial and the
executive departments of this Government; but
yet I see that many around me appear determined
that the executive departments shall receive and
send communications free of postage, while the
judicial shall not be permitted to send or receive
communications without paying for them, even
though it be a tax on the private purse of the
judges.
But, sir, gentlemen are mistaken. They argue
as if nothing but injunctions weie applied for and
transmitted by the judges. In this respect gentle-
men are in error. The judges have much busi-
ness of a public character to transact; there is
much criminal business to occupy their attention,
with which individuals, simpiy as individuals,
have nothing to do, for it is business which intei-
£sts and concerns the whole community. But let
that pass. My object has been accomplished. Sir,
I withdraw my amendment, and I will now give
you an amendment which I think will be a test,
on which I hope the Senate will give me the yeas
and nays. _
Mr. WESTCOTT. Mr. President, the gen-
tleman cannot withdraw his amendment without
the consent of the Senate^ the yeas and nays having
been ordered thereon.
Consent was given, and the amendment was
withdrawn.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, I now
move to strike out the words " sent or" from the
sixth and seventh lines. If that amendment be
agreed to, that part of the section will read as
follows:
"That all letters and package*, not weighing over one
ounce, [sent or] received by the Vice PieMdent of the Uni-
ted States, the Secretary of the Senate, the Senator's and
memlnns of liie House of Representative, and delegates
from Territories o! the Cotigre^ of the United States, and
theUlerk or the Ilou>c of It'jpiesent.itives during the M>si<m
of C'ongiess, «!ia:l he paid tiorn the contingent fund ot the
two Houses ot Congie&V &c-
If that amendment shall prevail, I shall then
move to strike out the words " sent or" from the
eighteenth line, so as to amend that portion of the
section which now stands thus:
"That all letter* and packages- roiatmg to official badness
of at'} ot tin; executive riop.utments of the Gineuiment,
sent or icceived bv the Secretaiv of State, the Secieiary of
ihe TieaMiry, the Secreta«> (if War, the Smclary of the
Navy, the P.^tiua>tei Gencial, the Attorney Gun t.U, ot by
the heads of the bureaus ot s>aid depaitnienJs, shall be con-
ve\ed free of postage, being certified on the envelope to he
oiliciai eoimnumcations by any ot tiie executive officers
aforesaid," &c.
Tha section, as I propose to amend it, will allow
the officers therein mentioned to receive communi-
cations on official business, and in other respects
it will throw the burden where it ought of right to
fall. It will be carrying out the principle which
gentlemen have so eloquently advocated in their
speeches, and secure a reform which 1 am very
anxious to see carried out.
In regard to the first amendment which I have
suggested, permit me to say, that it will be only
depriving ourselves of the privilege of sending our
correspundence free of postage to those with whom
we correspond. 1 shall be very willing, sir, if it
be the pleasure of Congress so to amend the bill,
to pay for my own private coirespondence. Our
public conespondence, aS Senators and Represent-
atives, ought, I think, to be free. Wc should be
allowed to receive all that relates to the business of
our station and the public interest, free of postage;
but I cannot see any reason why we should be
privileged to correspond with our families and
friends exempt from an expense which all other
citizens of this country are required to bear. Jn
this respect we should not secure for ourselves a
piivilege which the community at large does not
enjoy.
Mr. President, I have suffered more in my pub-
lic character in reference to this franking pnvilege
than anything else, it has been made the basis of
communications by which members of Congress
have been charged with knowingly, willfully vio-
lating the law. I have nothing to say in vindica-
tion or exculpation of members of Congress, nor
would I vindicate or exculpate myself from those
charges. Sir, I scorn them, come from whence
they may. But it is high time that members of
Congress should so amend the law of the land that
such charges cannot be made against them. I am
tired, sir, of hearing such imputations on the honor
of Senators and Members of the House of Repre-
sentatives, and I hope by abolishing the privilege
we shall leave no foundation for such imputations.
I fear them, sir, as little as most men; but they are
disagieeable, nevertheless, and I do not like to see
them, whether they are made in public newspa-
pers or in official communications from high places
m this Government. It is not to our honor, sir, to
leave any, even the shadow of a foundation for a
j, chaige that members of Congress violate the law
ji of the land by defrauding the Post Office Depart-
:! rnent of its just levenue; and hence I wish the
jj privilege which we enjoy abrogated, and that we
!i shall be placed, in reference to our private corre-
\\ spondence, on an equality with all other persons.
11 If this amendment shall ptevail, we shall have made
h an advance step towards the attainment of that de-
sirable end. We shall have accomplished some-
thing, sir. We shall thereby say to the community
at large, If you correspond with us on matters per-
taining to our public duties, send your communi-
cations, for they will cost nothing; but if you
correspond with us in relation to private affairs, we
must pay postage on such correspondence like
otheis. Sir, the effect will be salutary, and I hope
the Senate will give the amendment Us sanction. I
ask for the yeas and nays thereon.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FOOTE. Did the Senator from Kentucky
intend us to understand that he would not have
proposed the present amendment if his first one
found favor in the Senate?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The Senator has mis-
understood me. I intended to say, and think I did
say, that I designed introducing the present amend-
ment, whether the other one failed or not.
Mr. FOOTE. Well, sir, I am glad to be cor-
rected. I shall, then, only respond to a' single re-
mark of the honorable Senator, which struck me
I at the time of its utterance as containing a senti-
' ment not altogether as much entitled to approval
| as many things which are spoken by that Senator,
i He suggests, as an argument in support of his
i present amendment, that it adopted, it will save
i us from much of that calumnious reproach in con-
j riecuon with the exercise of the flanking privilege
1 to which we have been heretofore subject. I suppose
I him to allude to the denunciations of the press.
I Mr. UNDERWOOD. Will the Senator allow
| me to say a word ? 'x
j Mr. FOO TE. Certainly.
i Mr. UNDERWOOD. I did not speak of the
| press. The censure to which I refened was in a
i communication from the Post Office Department
I received here some years ago. I can produce the
| document if necessary.
MrrFOOyE. I certainly understood the Sen-
ator as employing language much mt>re general
than that which he now uses. But I am satisfied,
with his explanation, and will proceed.
The Senator still urges us to vote for his amend-
ment in order to avoid decrial. Well, sir, having
never been influenced for a single instant of time
in my whole hfe by such a motive as the one sug-
gested by him, I must beg leave to decline voting
for his amendment. If whilst a member of this
body I can satisfy my own conscience, secure the
approval of my own honored constituents, and
avoid giving just offence to the virtuous and patri-
otic portion of my countrymen, I shall care very
little what men in office or men not in office—what
editois or mercenary scribblers of slander for cor-
rupt newspapers—may say of me. I expect not
to escape calumny. I have never been able to es-
cape it. I do not desire to escape it. My self-
esteem would be indeed most deeply mortified were
the wicked, the mercenary, the factious, the un-
principled of this world to praise me.
Though the humblest of the members here, it
will be admitted by all who hear me that I have
been more denounced, bcslandered, and ridiculed
than all the Senate besides. Were la fiend incar-
nate, I could scaicely merit all the reproaches cast
upon me. But will any man say he has heard me
complain of it? lias it at any time appeared that
I dreaded detriment from such atrocious assaii-
men ? Will any one assert that he h\s seen me
angry, or cast down, or at all ruiHed by all the
ruifianly nonsense that certain maudlin scribblers
have caused to be published against me,? Have I
departed to the right or to the left from the path
of Democratic lectitude in consequerrcc of such
assailmcnt? No, sir, no! The dread of unde-
served censure should never find entrance in this
Chamber. I know that there is such a thing'as a
virtuous man living down decriaL, however skill-
fully it may have been devised; and in this country
a public man who does not feel assured that he Will
have it in his power to meet and put down calum-
niators, sooner or later, however fiercely and thick-
ly they may be arrayed against him, has none of
that inspiring confidence m the hound sense and
perfect justice of his countrymen, without whifch
public duties can never be cWborfully performed,
nor public honors legitimately acquired.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I have but a
word to say in regard to" this bill. I rise for the
purpose of inquiring of the committee, whether in
the modifications they have made of the old laws,
the idea not only of reducing the postage, but of
exacting prepayment of letters in all cases, has
come under their consideration? Now, if thjs
plan would answer our purpose, we would get rid
of a great many difficukieJr I know there are
some objections to it, but I would say, for one,*
i that I would most cheerfully and willingly; give up
| the right of franking, provided you will bring with
j it the obligation to prepay letters; and 1 would
j take upon myself, as one of the members of Con-
j gress, the duty of prepaying any letters which' I
' might write in return to letters received, and would
think myself doing well at that. I do not consider,
after all that is said upon the subject of franking,
that this privilege accured to members of Congress
is an equivalent for the labor it brings with it.
None whatever; and, for one, 1 would be glad to get
! rid of it: only let it pass out of my hands upon
i terms reciprocal in their character, and let letters
i be prepaid in all cases. This arrangement would
j not perhaps be applicable to newspapers and peri-
| odicals, but there is no serious difficulty in the
1 way of prepaying letters. Let letters be prepaid
, in all instances, and memberb would get rid of a
most inconvenient burden imposed upon them by
unnecessary correspondence. At any rate, corre-
! spondence carried on under such a system as I
. suggest, would bring upon the writers the burden
1 of paying postage, which I think would do away
' with it almost entirely.
This plan brings with it another consideration.
You are rid of all credits with the Post Office
, Department; rid of keeping a large quantity of ac-
- count books, and money matteis will settle them-
i selves as they go along—for the Government
; ieali7.es, ordinarily, in the transportation of the
j mails the revenue which if? anticipated. It will
i also clcar us of a large portion of the (load-letter
i office, and of the accumulated letters that lie there,
: transported without any compensation whatever.
, Now, I desire to know whether the committee ha*
