280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 17,
investigated this subject, and whether they have
found to this proposed provision insupeiable ob-
jection?., I do not speak with great confidence
upon this point, nor after a full examination of
this bill, which 1 may be induced to support; but
it seems to me that a strong recommendation m
favor of my proposition is, that it will do away
with the franking privilege.
Mr. WESTCOTT. 1 am certainly, Mr. Pres-
ident, very highly gratified with the opinions ex-
pressed by the Senator from Massachusetts upon
this subject. They*are the only opinions that I
have heard upon the question with which 1 heart-
ily accord, and which L think, if carried into elFefct,
would be to the benefit of the public m every re-
spect. I believe, sir, if you establish the system
of prepayment of letters in ail cases, you would
get rid of all the trash of which so vast an amount
accumulates every ycuir in the General PostOllice,
called dead letters; and also of a heavy expense
in the way of hire for clerks to sort such letters.
Prepayment of letters would also do asvay almost
entirely with the trashy correspondence which at
present has to be paid for by the person receiving
it. I do not agree with the Senator that the flank-
ing privilege should be entirely done away with.
I think that the letters of members relating to the
business affairs of the nation, and connected in
any way with, their official duties, should go free.
But in respect to the prepayment of all letters, i
sincerely hope the Senator from Massachusetts
will mtioduee an amendment to that effect.
Mr. NILES. The system proposed by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts would make the pre-
payment of letters compulsory on the pait of the
writers of such letters. This is one objection to
the adoption of such a plan. Ai>ain, it wculd sub-
ject such persons as wished to drop letters into the
post office, after it was closed during the night, or
at us ndvcrtised hours, oftentimes to grtat incon-
venience and delay, so that they would probably
lobe a mail, and thus be productive perhaps of
great detriment to them. The committee have
thought that doubling the postage upon letters not
repaid in advance would be compulsion enough,
►y this system, proposed by the committee, the
public have the privilege of paying less price if
they pay postage in]advance for letters; and the
double postage chaiged on letters not prepaid is
surely compulsory enough.
Wuh regard to the question of the abolition or
modification of the franking privilege, I would be
much gratified if the Senator from Kentucky would
wiihdmw his amendment lelatmg to it. ii will
only embarrass the bill, ay tlicie is as much diver-
sity of opinion upon the abolition or modi/ioi-tion
of that piivifege as t^pie are Senatois on this floor;
mid it would be moie subservient of the public
interest if the bill as now piepared aliouM be acted
upon prior to the introduction of this disputed
question.
The Senator from Connecticut then withdrew
his amendment, and the further considri.itioii of
the bill, upon his motion, was postponed until to-
morrow.
And then the Senate adjourned.
1b
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. j
Wednesday ."January 17, 1849. I
The Journal of yesterday was read aria approved.
SLAVERY AND THP. SLAVE TRADE.
Mr. COLLINS asked leave at this time to nre-
sent certam joint resolutions of the Legitime of |
the State of New York, m relation to slaverv in the i
.Territories ol New Mexico and California, and to !
the slave trade in the District of Columbia. I
And Mr. C. asked that they might, be read. I
No objection having been made, the resolutions !
were read, and are as follows: '
STATE OF SEW YORK CONCURRENT RESO- !
LUTIONK. !
Whereas the people ot Urn StUo ol New Mexico W peti- !
tiuiied ^Oh^es-s tor the I'MdMisimiuitoi-a t rriiou::l "Oiem- '
l .c-nt which shall protect them „gainri ti„. lltunon iM
.loystie .-.Uvcry while they ,e,na>n it'IVrmorv ol the Up,ted
fe tales, and have also |wtitionudCongre«sfor protection Jul,
the unfounded clauu. u. ihi; Suieol Tev'V o '. i„ S
oru,e.r territory <•*., „r I
it would !),. aajilit to the people or N.-iv SkAiro a j c ,'if i
pfs wrrSi"!
lU^reo, have a r,:ht to ^ [lle juoteVnon oMhe'tXS !l
Government, and should be secured m the full possesion
and enjoyment ot'their territory: thertfoie,
Resolved, (if the Assembly concur.) That our Senators in
Congress be instruct*, d, and our Repie&eut/Uive&in Congiess
be requested, to use their be*t etforts to procure the passage
of Iaw\> tor the establishment of governments tor the tem-
tory aoqmied by the late treaty ot peace wuh Mexico; and
that by such laws involuntaiy servitude, except tor enme,
be excluded troni such temtories.
Resolved, (it the Assembly concur,) That the territory
h ing between the Nueces and Rio Grande, and that portion
of INevv Mexico lying east ot the Rio Grande, aie the com-
mon propeitv of Hie United Stales.; and that our Senatois
in Congress be instructed, and our Representatives m Con-
gress be requested, to u&e their beat effort to preserve the
same as sucn common property, and piotect itlrom the un-
founded clanna ot the fcJtuto of Texas, and prohibit the ex-
tension over it oi the' laws oJ,Tex.t& or tiie institution of
domestic slavery. 0
Resotved, the Assembly concur,) That the existence of
pi isOiisj lor tiie confinement, and mails for the sale of slaves,
.it the heat of the National Government, i= viewed by tins
Legislature with deep regiet and mortification; and tiiat
bucii pn^ous and maa> ought foithwitli to be abolished.
Rtsolced, (it the Assembly concui,) Thatoui Senators in
Congress be instructed,<uid oui Repieaentative.s in Congress
be rrque-ted, to u?e their strenuous elibris to proemo the
passage of a law that shall ptotect blaves from unju:t itn-
priM>ninent, and shall eihetuaily put an end to the slave
tiade in the Distnct ol Columbia.
Rcsohcd, (if the Assembly concur,) That the Governor
be requested to forwatd copies of iht-> loivgoing resolutions
to each of oui rieiuitois and Representatives iu Congress.
By order ot tiie Senate:
A. II. CALHOUN, Clerk of Senate.
In Assembly, January 6, 1819.
Resolve<i, That the Assembly do concur in the above res-
olutions.
Jiv ordei : PHILANDER B. PKL\DLE, Clerk.
And, on motion of Mr. C., they were laid on the
table, and ordcied to be printed.
LOUISIANA SWAMP LANDS.
Mr. HARMAiN'SON asked the unanimous eon-
sent of the House to introduce a resolution provi-
ding that the bill to aid the State of Louisiana in
reclaiming swamp lands therein, should be made
the special ordei of the day for to-morrow week,
ami lor every subsequent uay until disposed of.
Mr. ROOT objected, he said, to any special or-
ders until the territorial bills should have been
made so.
So the resolution was not received.
Mr. FRIES asked leave to introduce the follow-
ing resolution:
be it resolved lij the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Stales m Congi ess assembled, That me revenue
laws ot the (Jmted States be,and they are hereby, extended
ovei the Tcirnoues ot Upper California and New Mexico,
and all the ports, harbois, shoie--, and waters, of ihc mam
land ot the Teintories aforesaid, shall constitute a collection
district. And a port oi entry shall be estauhstied at San
Fr.HKisco, and a cuilrotoi or customs shall bo appointed by
the i'resident, by and with (he advice and consent of the
senate, to tcside at such poit of entry ; and the President of
the United States js heieby authorized to establish within
the Tomtom's nloie&rad such poi t^ of deliver), not exceed-
ing tlnee in numbei, ;is he may deem expedn lit, arid may
appoint, by ami with the consent oi the Senate, surveyors
to le-uio theluat.
Objected to.
MEXICAN CLAIMS.
Mr. MEADE rose and said, that he understood
that the Committee oh Foreign Affairs hud charge
of die subject of Mexican claims. He desired 10
ask of the chairman of that committee whether
he was prepaied to make a report?
Mr. SMITH, of Connecticut, (chaiiman of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs,) inquired of the
Speaker if that committee litid been called?
The SPEAKER. This moment called.
BOUNDARY LINE BETWEEN UNITED STATES
AN)) MEXICO.
Mr. S^IITH, of Connecticut, from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, to whom was referred
the bill from the Senate-entitled "An act to pro-
vide for carrying into effect the fifth aiticle of the
treaty between the United States and the Mexican
Republic for establishing the boundary line be-
tvveen them," reported the same back to the House,
with ari amendment; which bill and amendment
weie left upon the Speaker's table, and ordered to
be printed.
The lull having been read by its title—
Mr. SMITH said it did not contain an appro- ;
priation,#and he supposed, therefore, that it was !
not necessary to commit the bill to the Committee 1
of the Whole on the stale of the Union.
The SPEAKER said no—the bill was upon the
Speaker's table. !
Mr. SMITH said he preferred that it should j
remain there, and that it be taken up after the bill '
and amendment should have been printed !
'The bill (having been ordered, with the amend-
ment, to be printed) takes its place on the Speaker's'
table. •
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL inquired if that bill had
any reference to the subject of Mexican claims ?
Mr. SMITH said it had not.
MEXICAN CLAIMS.
Mr. SMITH, of Connecticut, also, from the
same, committee, to which was referred ihe bill
from the Senate entitled "An act to carry into
effect certain stipulations of the treaty between the
United States of America and. the Republic of
Mexico, of the second day of Februaiy, 1848,"
reported the same with an amendment.
Mr. SMITH moved that the bill and amend-
ment be printed, and referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. JOKES, of Tennessee, asked a division of
the question.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL asked leave to present,
with a view to have printed, a certain amendment,
which he proposed to offer as a substitute for the
bill at the proper time,
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, rose to in-
quire whether the present bill, like that which
nad preceded it, contained an appropriation; and
whether, therefore, it was not necessary that it
should be committed'
Mr. SMITH said the bill did contain an appro-
priation.
Mr. THOMPSON said he very much feared
that if the bill was sent to the Committee of the
| Whole on the state of the Union, it would scarcely
be reached during the present session. He hoped,
therefore, that the chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs would propose some particular
day on which the bill should be taken up. He
. repeated his fear, that unless something of the kind
was done, the bill would not be reached during the
present session.
Mr. SMITH (referring to the proposition of Mr.
J. R. Ingersoll to print an amendment, which
he proposed to offer as a substitute for the bill)
said that a proposition of great importance to
some of the claimants, as he (Mr. S.) understood,
was involved in that amendment, and he thought,
therefore, that it was entirely right that it should
be printed with the bill, so that it might be fairly
before the House.
The SPEAKER said that if no objection was,
made, the bill, with the amendment, would be
printed.
No objection having been made, the bill was re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and, with the amendment, was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. THOMPSON inquired of the Chair whether
it would be m order for him to move that the bill
be made the special order—say for Monday or
Tuesday of next week?
The SPEAKER said the motion could only be
received by unanimous consent.
Air. ROOT objected.
So the motion was hot received.
On motion of Mr. SMITH, of Connecticut, the
Committee on Foreign Affairs was d ischnrged from
the further consideration of the petition ofEdward
L. Young, and of various citizens of Norfolk and
Portsmouth, Virginia, praying Congress to pass
an act for the relief of the said Young, for losses
sustained in the public service; which petition was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion'of Mr. STANTON, the Committee
on Naval Affairs was discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of Charles Colburn,
for allowance of arrearages to the end o£ the time
of his enlistment, as yeoman on board of the Uni-
ted States ship Ohio; which petition, was laid on
the table.
Mr. COCKE, fioin the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, made a report upon the petition
of Salsy Darby, of Randolph county, in the State
of Georgia, accompanied by a bill (No. 723) for
her relief.
Mr. COCKE said that he would ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to put this bill upon
its passage; and if he could get their attention, he
would detain the House but a moment. The pe-
titioner was the widow of Richard Darby, who
was a soldier of the Revolution, and at the time of
his death was upon the roll of revolutionary pen-
sions. Tiie marriage occurred in 1784, and the
widow is now between one hundred and one and
