1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
287
' the number in the first place to two, and let them
be augmented when it becomes necessary.
The proposition beirrg assented to by the chair-
man, the bill was so amended. Its further consider-
ation was then postponed until to-morrow.
The Senate then proceeded to consider, as in
Committee of the Whole, House bill for the relief
of David Myeile; when, on motion, it was passed
over informally.
The Senate then proceeded to consider, as in
Committee of the Wnole, the bill for the relief of
John P. Baldwin, owner of the Spanish brig Gil
Bias; when—
Mr. Y/ESTCOTT moved that it be passed over
informally; which was agreed to.
CLAIM OF CHOTEAU AND COMPANY.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the bill for the relief of Pierre Choteau, Jim.,
& Co.
Mr. BORLAND. The other day, when this
bill was up for consideration, I asked that it might
be postponed, in order that 1 might have time to
give it a more close examination; other Senators
also desired to examine it. Since'then I have in-
vestigated the bill with some care, and would
briefly state to the Senate the ieasons which will
govern my vote. The claim presented in this bill,
a3 it appears from the papers ori record, occupies
the following position: Messrs. Choteau & Co.
had been for many years, as traders with the In-
dians, engaged in furnishing them with various
articles, particularly the Shawnee tribe. I think
it is set forth in the narrative of Mr. Finley, the
"beneficiary of this bill, that the partner of Mr.
Choteau was a half-breed of the Shawnee tribe.
At the time the amount of this claim was con-
tracted, this Indian was still a partner, and it was
mainly through his instrumentality with his tribe
that this indebtedness was created. During the
Florida war, it was thought desirable by the
War Department to organize a corps of Indians
to assist in the prosecution of that war. An of-
ficer of the United States army was accoidmg-
]y sent among these Indians for the purpose of
raising this corps. This officer, together with
the Indian agent, induced the Indians to come to-
gether in council, and the matter was presented to
their consideration, whether or not they would
engage in the Florida wai, and send a number of'
their tribe in an organized corps to assist in its
prosecution. ^Afier a lengthy deliberation by the
isdian council, they detei mined they would not
organize such a corps. This was in accordance
with advice previously given to them by our agents,
that they should continue to carry out the general
policy laid down in the treaties with these Indians
by our Government—that they would abstain from
ail wars in which they were not themselves inter-
ested, and remain in peaceable pursuits. After
this resolve of the Indian council had been made
known to the military agent of the United States,
it dissolved. After the dissolution of the coun-
cil, the Indian agent and the officer of the army
sent for -the purpose of raising this corps among
-these Indians, proceeded to make exeitions for the
success of their proposition, and succeeded m in-
fluencing some ninety or one hundred individuals
of this Shawnee tribe to go to Florida in the
United States service. This was, then, so fur a*
these Indians were concerned, a private enterprise,
engaged in by about ninety or one hundred of the
tube, in opposition to the ex pieced will of the
whole tribe m council, it then became necessai y,
in order to fit out this expedition, that clothing,
provisions, <%r.c., should be raised, and that some
arrangement also should be made for the care of
the families, during their absence, of those who
were going. As an inducement to the traders to
fit them out m this way, U was agiced that tile In-
dians so enlisting should receive a veiy laige com-
pensation. The officei, however, made a very great
mistake, and promised them lour times as much as
the Secretary of War authorized him to promise:
. and these Indians weie thu^ induced to go under
these extravagant promises, when the Secretary or
War had refused to give such compensation,so that
the amount actually received by the Indians was
much less than the officer agreed to pay themUpon
their return from the expedition, Messrs. Choteau
& Co. presented a bill to these Indians for articles
furnished to ihem, m amount about $>9,600, which
they were unable to pay. They weie m service
fur a period of six months. During four months
of this time they received the whol<? amount of
compensation which the officer had promised them;
but for the remaining two months they received
only the reduced compensation which was the real
amount that the Secretary of War had agreed to
give them. The reason the Indians assigned for
their inability to pay the debt due Choteau &- Co.
was, that the compensation promised them by the
agent of the Government had not been paid them
in full as it should have been. Mr. Choteau
and his partner, who, as J have said, was a half-
breed of the Shawnee tribe, induced the chiefs
and headmen of that tribe to apply to the Gov-
ernment of-the United States to pay this indebt-
edness of #9,GOOr and have it charged to the
annuity fund which the Government was under
obligation to pay to them. Application was ac-
cordingly made to the Executive Government, and
the claim was rejected. The Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs,doubtlessacting under the instructions
of the President, rejected the, claim upon several
grounds. One was, that the treaty with these Indians
lequired a certain disposition of this annuity fund,
which fund was the result of the proceeds of the
sales of the lands by this Government belonging
to the Indians. Again, under that treaty it was
agreed also that the fund arising from the sale of
these lands should be retained by the Government,
and five ^er cent, interest paid to the tribe as an
annuity; and it was alleged by the Executive de-
partment that the fund had been invested by the
Government in stocks, and, as the stocks weie at
that time depreciated m value, that it would be
doing injustice to the Indians to withdraw those
investments, and return the amount asked for.
Another ground of objection on the part of the
Government was, that Messrs. Choteau & Co. had
no claim upon the whole tribe, as a tribe, and con-
sequently no claim upon the United Slates. And,
in the next place, it was urged that it was bad
policy for the Government of the United States,
and still wotse for the Indians themselves, to'pay
the individual debts of the Indians due the traders.
The Indian department, time after time, having
refused to acknowledge the justice of this claim
and pay it, Messrs Choteau &> Co. now come in
and ask of Congress to take a portion of this fund
—which the tieaty provides shall be retained by,
the Government, and five per cent, interest on it
paid as an annuity to these Indians—and pay'the
private debts of a portion of the tribe.
Now, sir, for my part I can see no just ground
upon which Messrs. Choteau &. Co. can place tins
demand upon Congress. In the first place, as the
papeis on record show, it was not a contract made
between Choteau & Co. and this tribe of Shawnee
Indians—not a debt-incurred by that tribe as a
tribe, but a debt created by some ninety or a hun-
dred individuals, members of the tribe, in direct
opposition to the expressed will of the entire tribe
assembled in council. A  I have said, the Shaw-
nee tribe assembled in council and refused to enter
into any such arrangement. It was, then, a private
transaction between Messrs. Choteau & Co. and
some ninety-odd Shawnees. It was not such a
contract as the tribe, under any circumstances,
would have agreed to enter into. The whole thing, |
then, resolves itseit into this: Choteau & Co., ]
traders among the Indians, sell to these ninety-odd 1
Shawnees, going to Florida to engage in the w ir,
in their individual capacity, as" an outfit, s9,G00
worth of goods; and upon these Indians stating
that they were unable to pay the debt themselves,
Messrs. Choteau & (Jo. attempt to change the
whole contract, and bring it forward hcieasadeht
against the whole tribe, although it had protested
in council against its being incurred.
Sir, 1 can see no just grounds for the allowance
of this claim whatever. By the treaty with the
Shawnee Indians, the Government of the United
States agreed to sell the land and retain the pro-
ceeds as a permanent fund for the use of the
Indians. Upon this fund a live per cent, interest
was to be paid to them as an annuity—this deten-
tion of the fund preventing them from squandering
the original amount. Tins arrangement has here-
tofore always been carried out. This fund, as I
remarked, is to be retained during the pleasure of
Congress, and it is at therr discretion to continue
the payment of this annuity, or to pay the whole
amount at once over to the tribe, it is piovkied,
also, that when the tribe, assembled m council^
shall resolve to make application to the President
of the United States for any disbursement of the
! fund, the President may, at 'his discretion, make
j a different disposition of it. It was under tfria
j provision, causing a joint discretion between the
: council of the Shawnee Indians and the President
of the United States to be exercised m relation to
| the fund, that Choteau & Co. induced the tribe to
assemble in council and resolve to make applica-
tion for a change in the disposition of the fund, so
, as to have paid out of it the amount due to these
I claimants. The President, in the exercise of his
' discretion, has determined that the application
■ should be rejected; he has determined that the
; claim pf Choteau & Co. is not founded m justice—
| at leas^so far as the tribe at large is soncerned—
1 and that compliance with the aj-^cation would
' not be for the benefit of the Indians; and further,
: that it was inexpedient to pay this claim out of
this fund, because of its investiture in stocks that
j had depreciated.
It is apparent from this brief statement of facts,
j all of which will appear from the papers on record,
■ that this was a private transaction of Messrs. Cho-
teau & Co. with a small portion of the Shawnee
tribe of Indians. Under authority of the Indians
assembled in council, who, in conjunction with
the President of the United States, have the discre*
tion of changing the disposition of the fund, Messrs.
Choteau cfc Co. made application to the Kxecutive
department for the payment of this claim out of
that fund. The application was refused; and it
, now comes before Congress for the exercise of its
discretion: a discretion, sir, which is contemplated
by the terms of the treaty for the benefit of the
: whole tribe of Indians, and a discretion which
j should discriminate between the action of a whole
! tribe and a few individuals. The question now
, before us is, will Congress admit the justice of
j such an application ? Will Congress, in th  exer-
: ci.se of the discretion conferred upon it by the*
j treaty, draw from the original fund vested for the
benefit of the whole tribe of Indians the large
amount of money involved in this debt, incurred
by some ninety-odd individuals only of the tiibe?
i I cannot see the justice of such a claim. I cannot
| see the propriety of the exercise of such a discre-
' tion by Congress. 1 cannot see, under such cir-
: cumstances, that any such discretion exists. It
was obviously the intention of the treaty to pro-
tect the tiibe of Indians against any tendency to
impi ovidencc, when it allowed this Government to
retain the fund arising from the sales of their lands,
paying' a five percent, annuity on the same, so that
the Indians could have means always at command.
This was the manifest intention of the treaty, apd
I deny, therefore, that Congress has any power
under the treaty to make the disposition of the
fund asked for. The discretion is given for the
benefit of the whole tribe, and not for a few indi-
viduals. Messis. Choteau & Co., by asking for
the payment of their claim, would make the whole
tribe liable for a contract made with some few in- .
dividual members of the tribe. 1 do not think,
sir, that Congress possesses the power to allow
this claim, or, if it does, I should be for withhold-
ing any exercise of it.
I am opposed, Mr. President, to this whole
scheme of Intelference by Congress with contiacts
made between Indian tribes andspccnUitiniciradeis.
It givc,s use to most of the evils which afihet the
Indians themselves; and the difficulties and wars
which aie engendered between the Indian tiibes
and the frontier settlers are attributable to this more
than to any other cause.
I believe these transactions of the traders with
the Indians have given rise to most of the wars of
trie Indian tubes with the settlers on the frontiers.
I think, sir, as far as my reading of Congressional
proceedings has extended, that there has not been
; a session of Congress since the commencement, of
i, our ttansactions and intercourse with the Indians
j in which some such claim as this has, not been
i piesented, and that, too, in the very face of peaty
I stipulations. It is not to be forgotten, that toward
• the close of the Jast session, a claim of this kind
i; was brought forward, in which the Indian tribes
!■ and speculators of my own State were concerned;
L it was a claim in violation of the treaty of ]«4(j
| with the Cherokee Indians. I, sir, was beset with
j' application after application to gi\e my support '
1- towards the payment of the claim. I hstom d to
| the arguments advanced in its favor patiently, and
i for a time favorably; but, sir, when the foil rn^r-
ji its of tlu1 claim and the facts connected with it camo
ii to my knowledge, I became satisfied that it waa
