288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 18.
not a valid claim, and more, sir, that it was a claim
not founded in good faith, but in violation of treaty-
stipulations. I confess, sir, I oppose claims of this
sort, not only from a sense of duty, but as a mat-
ter of feeling. T am free to state, sir, that I hold
myself responsible to my constituents, in justice
to them, to manifest this sort of feeling whenever
any such claims are presented.
I take occasion to say that my position on this
floor, at this moment, depends in some degree upon
bringing all my influence to bear against the allow-
ance of such claims. 1 know, sir, there are a num-
ber of individuals on the western frontiers who are
deeply interested in these claims; and I know, sir,
that in my o^| State there are such persons who
have their aWrneys and agents in Washington
who are constantly bringing to bear all the influ-
ence that can be brought to get such claims through
the executive department; and when they fail in
their applications there, they bring them before
Congress and attempt to pass them here. Why,
sir, for my opposition to the claim presented at
the last session, which I considered an unjust and
nefaiious one, I have been assailed from one end
of my State to the other. It was stated in the news-
papers, and in public and private circles, wherever
it could be used to my prejudice, that I was op-
posed to western interests and hostile to the pros-
perity of that great portion of our country; and
that I was opposed to*the prosperity and advance-
ment of the interests'of the western portion of my
own State, because I had opposed that particular
claim. But, sir, the people of my own State had
confidence in my judgment,and they have enrolled
a permanent evidence of that confidence on the
historical records of the country. Sir, I shall
always oppose such nefarious and unjust claims,
whatever may be the consequences. Feeling,
therefore, sir, that it is not only a duty that I owe
to myself, but one that is due to my constituents,
I shall vote against this as against all similar
claims.
Mr. BELL. The first few sentences of this
gentleman's remaiks were scarcely audible to the
reporter. Fie was understood to say that he did
not know whether the Senator from Arkansas
regarded the "claim now under consideration as
belonging to that class of claims which he had
characterized rs nefarious or not; but, (continued
Mr. BbLL,) whether he did or not, I think that a
little attention to the subject, on the part of Sena-
tors, will show that this claim is very fair, and
well founded on the part of the claimants, at all
events. Whether Congress, in their discretion,
ought to admit or reject it, is anqther question.
I do not mean to detain the Senate long; but I
wish to state in advance, that whether or not the
argument of the gentleman m relation to the dis-
cretion of Congress in this matter, and their ad-
mission or rejection of the claim, be proper, I
believe that all of the other positions assumed by
the gentleman from Arkansas are wholly unfound-
ed, at least so far as they have any relevancy to
this; claim. The gentleman says that this claim is
unjust, and ought not to be allowed; in the first
place, because it was contracted with a minority
of the Shawnee nation, against the expressed
will of the chiefs in council assembled, and in
opposition to their decision. Now, sir, I under-
take to say that this claim is founded on the
solemn and deliberate resolve of the whole council'
of the nation. The chiefs of the nation, assembled
in general council, ratified this claim.
Mr. BORLAND, (interposing,) Mr. President,
if t^ie Senator will allow me for a moment, I will
state that I intended to draw a distinction between
the action of the general council of the nation at
different times. I referred, m my remarks, to the
action of the chiefs in council prior to the time that
these Indians went into the service of the United
States, and before they proceeded to Florida. I
stated, I thought with sufficient distinctness to be
understood by all, that the claim as it now comes
before Congress, is sustained by the action of the
council of the chicfs of the Shawnee nation, but
that the contract entered into by these private indi-
viduals of the tribe who went to Florida was not.
only unauthorized by the council, but directly irf*
opposition to their expressed wishes.
Mr. BELL. I beg the.gentleman's pardon. I
understood him to say that this claim had not re-
ceived the sanction of the council. He says the
claim is unjust because it is a debt which was con-
tracted in opposition to the expressed will of the i
nation, and*, therefore, that it ought not to be paid
out of the funds of the nation.
The honorable Senator, I believe, stated some
of the circumstances that led the Shawnee nation
to contract this large debt which it is beyond their
ability to pay out of their annual annuities. I
call upon that Senator, and other honorable Sena-
tors in this Chamber, to say whether there are not
strong equitable grounds offered for the exercise
of the discretion of Congress, vested in them by
the treaty between this Government and that na-
tion, entered into in 1831, to pay this debt? I said,
when this matter was before the Senate, some days
since, that, if it is argued that Congress ou^ht not
to pay this claim out of the fufftl belonging to the
Shawnee nation, on the giounds that the debt was
contracted with a trader, an almost irresistible ap-
peal will be found in the argument to Congress to
pay the debt out of the treasury of the United
States. And I will now go further, and say that
this position, which I took when this matter was
ifp for the consideration of the Senate on a former
occasion, is supported by a statement just made
by the honorable Senator from Arkansas himself,
and borne out by papers upon the Secretary's
table, it was not the subordinate agents of this
Government that induced these ninety-one, or one
hundred and ninety-one, (for I believe the latter is
the true number,) warriors of this small tribe—for
I believe it is a very small tribe—to enlist into the
service of the United States.
Mr. BORLAND. I think the papers on the
Secretary's table state that there were ninety-two
warriors that embarked in this expedition.
Mr. BELL. Very well, then; call it ninety-
two. It was not the subordinate agents of the
Government—the recruiting officer—that induced
them, contrary to their general policy, to enlist in
the Florida war. It was by a letter from the
Secretary of War himself, under.his own signa-
ture, to the recruiting officer or agent, stating that
each warrior should be allowed two hundred and
seventy dollars for six months' services in that
campaign. Under this brilliant offer from the
Secretary of War of two hundred and seventy dol-
lars per man for six months' service, the young
men of the tribe, contrary to the advice of their
^ elder friends, the chiefs and aged wan ions of the
nation, resolved to go to Florida, and they went
there. After they had been there some two or
three months, they were told by the commanding
general, General Jcsup, that the Secretary of War
j had made a mistake; that the law would only ul-
i low them seventy-one dollars each, instead of two
; hundred and seventy dollars; and, instead of being
| paid for six months' service, at the rate originally
; stipulated by the Secretary of War, they were paid
; for only four months at that rate, and for the re-
1 maining two months they were paid at the rate of
I only seventy dollars for six months' service,
j Now, Mr. President, these ninety-two warriors
, who went to Florida were taken away from home
unexpectedly and at a season when they could be
ill spared from their families, whom it was neces-
sary to furnish with supplies sufficient to sustain
them during the absence of the warriors; and, as
I understand the evidence laid before the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, a large portion of this debt
was contracted with Finley and his partner for
furnishing these very supplies, and they (Finley &
Co.) being indebted to Choteau&Co., transferred
their claim to them. When the Indians returned
home with their pay diminished, contrary to their
expectations, they found themselves wholly unable
to discharge this debt, which had been contractcd
to obtain the necessaries of life for their families
while these warriors themselves were fighting
the battles of this Government in the everglades
of Florida. These warriors belonged to the Shaw-
nee tribe. They were connected with the other
warriors and chiefs of the nation by all the
ties of color, and blood, and race which bind
the members of an Indian tribe together. They
had come home in straitened circumstances, and
when they arrived among their old friends and
relatives of the tribe, they found tins debt stand-
ing against them, which had been contracted in
their absence for the support of their families.
They could not discharge this debt, owing to the
fact that they had not been paid the sum stipulated
to them by the Secretary of War at the time of
their enlistment, or rather the sum held out to them
as an inducement to enlist, and which probably
had great weight in deciding them to embark in
the expedition. Under such circumstances, what
did the chiefs of the tribe do? They immediately
assembled in council, and agreed to assume the
payment of this debt out of their funds in the
hands of this Government. That there may be
no mistake upon this point, I will ask the Secre-
tary to read the first memorial of those chiefs
on his table, which has been here for six years or
more.
[The Secretary read the memorial referred to
the purport of which did not reach the reporter's
ear. He also read a second memorial, at the re-
quest of the Senator from Tennessee, the purport
of which was not understood by the reporter.]
Mr. BELL resumed. There is another memo-
rial signed by the same chiefs, with the reading of
which I will not detain the Senate, in which this
claim is again recited. I would ask the Secretary
to turn to the third memorial, and ascertain if this
be not the fact.
The Secretary examined the third memorial,
and signified that it was as the Senator from Ten-
nessee had intimated.
Mr. BELL. Here is another memorial, then,
in which this claim of nine thousand five hundred
dollars is specifically referred to; and, sir, I think *
it is highly improper to characterize such a claim
as one of those nefarious claims, one of which the
Senator from Arkansas has said he so successfully
opposed at the last session of Congress. This
debt was contracted upon a statement made by one
of the highest officers of Government, in which he
held out inducements that could not be realized.
Now, so far as this claim is based upon supplies
furnished to these ninety-two warriors, surely the
Senator from Arkansas will not, I think, say it is
unjust. These supplies were furnished for their
families in their absence. They were furnished
for the support of the families of these warriors,
while the warriors themselves were absent from
home, and could not otherwise contribute to their
support. While these warriors were absent, fight-
ing the battles of this country in Florida, they
could not leave their families to perish. Their
families had to be supported, and to support them
this debt was contracted; and I cannot believe that
any Senator is prepared to pronounce a debt con-
tracted under such circumstances nefarious or un-
just.
Again: I understood the Senator from Arkansas
to state that it is not sound policy for the Govern-
ment to pay these debts, no matter how contracted,
no matter how just, upon the same ground as that
assumed by the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
and of the War Department in various instances.
I had one of these memorials read to the Senate,
for the purpose of showing what was the sanction
that the chiefs of the Shawnee tribe had given to
this claim. I will not detain the Senate with the
reading of the report of the Committee on Indian
Affairs made at the last session of Congress. The *.
only question which gave thecommittee any trouble
was, whether it was sound policy to pay these
funds over, when there was a discretion vested in
the Federal Government to pay them over to the
tribe or not, the tribe disposing of them as they
might think proper, if paid over. That report,
although not an elaborate one, ^oes into the rea-
sonings upon this suhjnet. Now, sir, I will not
undertake to say, that perhaps in regard to many
large tribes it would be good policy to pay over
these funds. But here is a small tribe addicted to *
agricultural pursuits, the only exception being
among that class of then* young who are disposed
to be idle and profligate. They receive this pit-
tance annually from the Government, and hope to
live by it throughout the year. They depend
upon this pittance for support; arid it is plain that
it must necessarily tend to confirm the idle and
dissolute in their prodigal and pcrnicious habits.
This is shown by the statements of the chiefs
themselves, who argue in their memorial that it
would be better for the tribe in every respect to
have this pittance withdrawn, so that their young
men would cease to depend upon it for support,
but rely instead upon their own labor, and thereby
cultivate habits of industry and frugality. The
committee came to the conclusion, that inasmuch
as this was a small tribe of Indians, far advanced
in the arts of civilization, not in a condition or
location which would enable them to live by hunt-
ing, and not disposed to do so, the policy suggest-
ed by the chiefs themselves was the true policy in
relation to them. I question whether it would not
