290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 18,
thinks proper to hold this fund in its present con-
dition, it-can do so, "unless" the tribe come for-
ward in their character as a tribe, when in council,
and, in conjunction with the President, determine
on a different disposition of it. Then it is at the
discretion of the President to make said dispo-
sition, or not. He has decided, as I said before,
that it is not proper, that it is highly improper to
do it, and that, in his opinion, great injury to the
tribe will result from its being done. I repeat,
then, that under the treaty, Congress has not the
discretion, because the treaty does not confer the
discretion now asked to be exercised, and although
it confers a discretion, it limits it to certain pur-
poses, and these purposes are not embraced in the
provisions of this bill.
I dislike to consume the time of the Senate, but
in support of my views in relation to the prnper
policy to be pursued, I ask for the reading of the
letter from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs on
this subject, which will, I think, represent the dis-
cretion of the President on this question.
Mr. DICKINSON. I would suggest that if
this bill is likely to occupy the entire day, it would
be better to pass it by, in order to proceed to that
class of cpses which the order of the Senate con-
templates as the special business for this day; that
is, such as will give rise to little or no discussion.
Mr. BORLAND. I will inform the Senator,
as far as I am concerned, 1 shall occupy but very
little more of the time of the Senate; but I will
remark-, that the letter which has just been read
reiterates in substance what is contained in the
other communications from the department, that
he deems it bad policy for the Government to in-
terfere in the private transactions of individual
Indians. Now, sir, I consider that this treaty is
worth nothing at all; that it imposes no obligation
whatever on this Government, if, in the very face
of the treaty, a claim such as this has been repre-
sented to be by the Senator from Tennessee can
be passed. The treaty confers a discretion upon
this Government, to be exercised for the benefit of
the Indians; and the bill limits that discretion,
directing it to a small portion of the tribe, who
are to be the beneficiaries. Bat the discretion in
this matter is vested in the President of the Uni-
ted States. The Indians assembled m council,
and adopted a remonstrance to the President, but
the President has decided that there is no obliga-
tion resting upon him to regard thei> representa-
tions. Congress, then, has no power at all. It is
entirely beyond .the power of Congress. We
should exercise no power that is not granted by
the treaty. We might violate other stipulations
of the treaty as well as this.
' I will call the attention of t^ie Senate to a fact to
which I alluded in my opening remarks, for 1
think it is very important and significant in this
connection. The proceedings of the tribe in coun-
cil have been read, and a great array of names has
been exhibited, showing those proceedings to be
the national act of the Shawnee tribe of Indians.
Well, with all deference to the views and opinions
of those who are more familiar with Indian affairs
—those who havej had personal intercourse with
them—with all due dpfere.nee to their opinions, I
must say, that I think alt such representations
coming from tribes of Indians, honest as the In-
dians may be, are to be taken with many grains of
allowance. We know that, generally, the chiefs
transact the business of the tribes; but in this par-
ticular case it is asserted that one of these Indians
—I think a chief—was one of the partners of Clio-
teau, and a co:beneficiary with him. We can
readily understand, then, what influence he may
have exerted, if it does not entirely do away with
all foire which might otherwise be attached"to the
menioiial. It deprives it of all force with me. I
ca not help regarding the niemotial as a production
got up, written, proposed, perhaps, and adopted
by these Indians, after the departure of Choteau to
his tribe. That is my opinion; let it go for what
it is worth; and it seems to me, certainly, to be en-
titled to some weight. I have said, sir, all I design
to say in relation to this matter.
Mr. NILES. I wish to make a few inouiries,
and, until they arc leplicd to, I shall not l)e pie-
pared to vote tor this bill. The matter appears to
me to be somewhat complicated. I cannot yet un-
derstand it, although a great deal of time has been
spent upon it; I desire to know whether the
Choctaws were ijot to be paid out of this fund ?
Mr. BELL. The facts appeared very distinctly
in the papers which have been read. The tribe in
general council took t-he matter into consideration
and agreed to pay the debt. It was for supplies
furnished to the families of the warriors during
their absence in Florida. I understand, although
I have not lately examined the evidence in the
case, that these Indian warriors agreed to assign
to the Government their shares. They agreed in
solemn council to assume the debt, and then a
second council was held in which they referred to
that debt, and memorialized th# Government, as-
suming that the Government was to pay it, and
still insisting that it should be paid by the Govern-
ment. Contemporaneously with these, proceed-
ings, they resolved that they would avail them-
selves of this fund of twenty-six thousand dollars
that was made over to them. I would suggest to
the Senator from Arkansas that there are certifi-
cates from the most respectable men, who have
attended in the councils of the chiefs of the tribes,
and who have taken the pains to explain the pro-
ceedings that took place at those meetings.
Mr. NILES. As I understand, then, the chiefs
acknowledged the debt. I now want to know
whether they are making application to the Gov-
ernment to pay it out of this fund ?
Mr. BELL. I think they have presented three
memorials to that effect^.
Mr. NILES. They have asked, then, that this
debt should be paid out of this particular fund?
Mr. BELL. It is so expressly stated in the
memorial. I wish that the Secretary would read
the latter portion of the memorial.
It was read by the Secretary.
Mr. BRADBURY. I desire to hear the reading
of-the report, in order to understand whether there
has been an application made to Congress or the
President on the part of this tribe, emanating from
tl em in general council assembled, that Congress
should pay the whole of the sums mentioned in
the seventh article of the treaty, for I suppose that
that is a material point in this case. 1 find, by
reference to the seventh article of the treaty of
1831 with the Shawnees, that the original purpose
to which the interest of this fund was to be applied
was for the use and general benefit of the trbie,
but that no provision was made in the treaty that
the funds should continue during the'pleasure of
Congress, unless the chiefs of the tribe, by and
with the consent of the people in general council,
should express such desiie. I wish to know
whether there is authentic evidence before us of
this application, not on the part of their creditors,
but on the part of the tribe. If so, I think we
should pay it over.
Mr. BELL. In one paragraph of one of these
papers that is clearly stated.
The paper was read by the Secretary.
Mr. BRADBURY. One question more. This,
I understand, emanates from certain chiefs. The
stipulation in the treaty is not that the application
is to be made by certain chiefs, but, inasmuch as
the,reservation was for the benefit of the mass of
the tribe, the chiefs should possess no authority to
make the application unless they derived the au-
thority from the whole tribe assembled in general
council. And now my inquiry is, whether the
application, which in its terms is broad enottgh,is
an application springing fiom the people—does it
emanate from them assembled in council, so that
we shall fulfill the treaty stipulation by acceding
to it? I hold that we should maintain the most
inviolable good faith towards the Indians, and that,
when they make the request in proper form, we
should comply with it; and, therefore, if the re-
quest emanated fiom the Indians assembled in
general council, I shall be in favor of the passage
of the bill. And I do not know whether I am an-
swered on this point, that there was an assemblage
of Indians in r-ounr il. .
Mr. ATCHISON. There was a general coun-
cil, attended by the Indians of the tribe.
Mr. BRADBURY. Well, I inquire also, si the
evidence of that fact before us sufficiently au-
thentic ?
Mr. ATCHISON. It has been read by the
Secretary.
Mr. BENTON. I believe all the facts of this
case are certified by the United States agent, Mr.
Curnmings, and that all the papers have been
drawn under his supervision. If that be the case,
1 can vouch for their correctness; for I can vouch
for Mr. Cummings as far as I can for any man in
the world. I have known him always. He has
been for a long time the agent of this Govern-
ment in its relations with these, Indians. I know
him to be one of the most correct men in the world
both in his public-and private capacity. Whatever
he does, lie does with an entire sense of justice be-
tween man and man, whether white or otherwise.
His name carries along with it a title to credence*
and t find his name authenticating these papers. '
The question being taken upon the engrossment
of the bill, it was decided in the affirmative.
By unanimous conscnt, the bill was then read a
third time and passed.
OTHER PRIVATE CLAIMS.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland,
the Senate proceeded to consider the bill for the
relief of Frederick Dawson, James Schott, and
Elisha D. Whitney; when—
Mr. J. moved that it may be made the special
order /or to-morrow; which was agreed to.
The Senate then proceeded to consider, as ira
Committee of the Whole, House bill for the relief
of William Harding; and no amendment having
been made thereto, the bill was reported to the
Senate, and ordered to a third reading, and was
subsequently read a third time and passed.
The Senate tlifn proceeded to consider, as in
Committee of the Whole, the bill from the House
for the relief of Thomas Badger.
The reading of the report was called for.
Mr. FELCH. It will not be necessary to read
the report. I can state in a very few words the
nature of the case. The applicant served in the
last war with Great Britain, and while in the ser-
vice was wounded, and not having been a regular
enlisted soldier, a pension could not be allowed
him by the department, because there is no pro-
vision of law applying to such cases. It appears
from the papers in the case that he was a Canadian
refuge^, and that he was-employed in the service
of this Government for several years. He was at
the battle of Bridgewater, and it was there he re-'
ceived his wound, as appears by the certificate of
General Scott. He was not, as I have said, a reg-
ular enlisted soldier, although he was in the ser-
vice. These are the facts of she ea3e.
Mr. KING. I understand the Senator from
Michigan to say that this is a case where you are
asked to give a pension to an individual who was
not enlisted in the service of the United States,
but a Canadian refugee, who was employed in some
capacity and was wounded. Is that the case?
Mr. FELCH. The petitioner states that he
was enrolled as a refugee, and the Commissioner
of Pensions infoims us that his name was not on
the army list, but the testimony in the ea3e shows
that he was employed in the army, that he fought
at Bridgewater, and that he subsequently joined
Perry's expedition. The evidence is sufficient to
establish the fact, that at the time he was wounded,
he was actually engaged in the service. There
have been several instances in-which officers hare
been employed in the service, though not enrolled
in the regular army; and men have been employed
as spies who have .not been so enrolled, and when
the individual has received injury while so em-
ployed, pipsions have been allowed them by act
of Congress.
The bill was then ordered to be read a third
time, and was subsequently read a third time and
passed.
The Senate then proceeded to consider, as ifi
Committee of the Whole, House bill grantinga
pension to John Morrison; and no amendment
having been made, the bill was reported to the
Senate, ordered to be read a third time, and, by
unanimous consent, was read a third time and
Mr. WALKER moved that the Senate proceed
to the consideiation of Executive business.
Mr. DICKINSON. 1 wish my honorable friend
would waive that motion until we act upon the
next bill. It will occupy no time. The individKal
is in destitute circumstances; he is suffering at this
time severely.
Mr. WALKER withdrew his motion, and the
Senate proceeded to consider the bill for the relief
of Edward Q,uinn.
The report of the committee was read; and no
amendment being offered, the bill was ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time. It was then,
by unanimous consent, read a third time and
Mr. ATCHISON renewed the motion that the
Senate go into Executive session.
