1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
291
Mr. CLARKE said he hoped the Senator would
$llow the next bill to be acted upon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER referred to the
order of the Senate, by which Thursday in each,
wpfik had been set apart for the consideration of
private bills, to the exclusion of all other business.
House bill for the relief of Nancy Tbmpkins was
passed over.
The Senate then proceeded to consider, as in
Committee of the Whole, House bill for the relief
of James Glynn and others; when—
On motion of Mr. BRIGHT, the further con-
sideration of the bill was postponed until to-mor-
row.
The Senate then proceeded to consider, as in
Committee of the Whole, House bill for the relief
of James H. Conley. *
Mr. BRIGHT said he should object to the pas-
_?*a£e of the bill at this time, unless some Senator
who was acquainted with the facts of the case would
state them to the Senate.
Mr. MILLER. There is a report; let it be read.
The report was read by the Secretary.
Mr. BRIGHT. I would ask the chairman of
the committee to state why this individual has
been singled out to be a recipient of the bounty of
the Government, white others similarly situated
have been passed by?
Mr. BADGER. That is not the case. Fie has
not been singled out, as the Senator supposes.
' lie was in the receipt of a pension, and afterwards
it was decided by the Navy Department that his
pension should be decreased one-half in conse-
quence of his having been promoted. The com-
mittee import that, of all the instances of the pro-
motion of officers, this is the only one in which
the pension has been reduced in consequence of
such promotion.
'Mr. DICKINSON. 4^0W me t0 whether
there is any rule of the department requiring such
-reduction, or whether the department acted upon
its own discretion ?
Mr. BADGER. It is very obvious there is no
such rule, as this is the only case in which a re-
duction has been made.
Mr. DICKINSON. I understand the facts as
the Senator does. What I wish to inquire is,
whethet^ihe department has a right in its discre-
tion to reduce the pension of one, and to allow the
pension of another to stand under the same cir-
cumstances, or whether there is a rule requiring
that they shall be reduced?
Mr. BADGER. My understanding is, that there
is no rule which authorizes a reduction on account
of promotion, but that it rcquiries disability. The
committee report, that in point of fact, no disability
existed here, but that the single reason with the
department for the reduction was the promotion
of the officer, and thi* is the only instance in which
such redaction has taken place.
Mr. NILES. I would inquire whether the
practice does prevail in original cases of pensions,
that a reduced rate is allowed where the&offiecr,
draws his full pay? I know that at a former day
the practice did prevail of granting to the officers
of the navy pensions for disability whilst they re-
main in the seivice and draw their pay.
Mr. BADGER. That is a fact which does^not
apply to this case. This bill is to pay the sum
abstracted from his pension during the time when,
according to the justice of the department, and
according to the law of the land, he would be en-
titled to receive his pension.
Mr. NILES. 1 am satisfied.
Mr. BRIGHT. I am not satisfied" with the ex-
planation yet. If the reduction took place under
the order of the Secretary, I apprehend there was
law f<n it, and that the same rule was applicable to
ail individuals similarly situated.
Mr. BADGER. The report states distinctly
that this officer was'the only officer whose pension
was reduced under such circumstances. The object
of the bill is not to give him any distinction or
privilege, but to relieve htm from a peculiar disad-
vantage. If the Senator is not satisfied, let that
part of the report which relates to the claim be
read. It is only putting him upon the same footing
with others.
The "report was read by the Secretary.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and was
subsequently, by unanimous consent, read a third
time and passed.
The Senate then proceeded to consider, as in
Committee of the Whole, House bill for the relief
of Elizabeth Mays;and no amendment having been
proposed, the bill was ordered to be read a third
time, and was subsequently read a thu;d time and
passed.
The Senate then proceeded to consider, as in
Committee of the Whole, House bill for the relief
of Stephen Champlin; and no amendment having
been proposed, the bill was ordered to be read a
third time, and was subsequently read a third time
and passed.
The Senate then proceeded to consider, as in
Committee of the Whole, House bill for the relief
of G. F. de la Roche and William P. Sanger; and
no amendment having been offered, the bill was
ordered to be read a third time, and was subse-
quently read a third time and passed.
The Senate then proceeded to consider, as in
Committee of the Whole, House bill for the relief
of Joseph Bryan; and no amendment having been
offered, the bill was oidered to be read a third
time, and was subsequently read a third time and
passed. ,
NATURALIST TO A NAVAL EXPEDITION.,
The Senate then proceeded to consider, as in
Committee of the Whole, House bill for the relief
of John Percival, captain in the navy of the Uni-
ted States.
[The facts of the case on which this bill is
founded are simply these: On or about the 7th of
March, 1844, Captain J. Pcrcival made application
to the President of the United States to appoint a
naturalist who should go out with Captain Pcrci-
val in the frigate Constitution, which was under
orders for a cruise to the East Indies and China.
The President assented to the proposition upon the
condition that the Secretary of the Navy had no
objection; and it appears from a letter, bearing
date 13th of March, 1844, from the then Acting
Secretary, Commodore L. Warrington, that there
was no objection on his part, except the want of
authority by law to increase the number of officers
on board the ship. This difficulty appears to have
been overcome by assigning other duties to the
naturalist, requiring him to perform the offices of
chaplain and clerk. £ut upon returning home,
and presenting his accounts for settlement at the
accounting office of the Navy Department, the
amount paid to the naturalist was not allowed in
consequence of their being no such offieei m the
navy, and no provision by law for creating one.
Consequently the amount paid by the purser to
Di.J. C. Reinhardt, the naturalist, was chaiged
to the account of Captain Percival, and so stands
charged to the present day. The petitioner, Cap-
tain Peicival, claims to be exonerated from tins
charge upon the ground that he acted under the
authority of the President of the United States
and Secretary of the Navy, and paid, or ordered
to be paid, to the said naturalist no more, and,
in fact, not so much as he was dnected to pay
by the Secretary of the Navy, being $1,200, the
pay of chaplain. Under these circum^tanccs,
the question was, whether a subordinate officer
should be held responsible for the orders of his
superior, especially whey that superior is the com-
mander-in-chief? It is argued in the report alluded
to m the'debate that all orders from such a source
must be received as legitimate, unless so palpably
otherwise that the most ordinary mind would read-
ily discover the error; and even in such a case, an
officer would be held lesponsible for disobedience I
or mutiny if he refused or declined to obey. There
is nogood reason why the amountshould be charged
to the account of Captain J. Percival. If charged ;
to any individual account, it should have been I
charged to the President or Sccietary of the Navy; j
but as they only gave the order, they have npt ap-
peared on the books of the department. And the
same might be said of Captain Percival; he gave
the order for payment, but did not pay; the purser
paid; and as he was the man who finally finished
I what has been held as unlawful from the inception,
it would seem that the purser, who actually paid
the money, should be held accountable. It cannot,
however, be maintained with justice, that either
the commander who ordered, or the purser who
paid the amount, aie responsible, but the Govern-
ment itself.]
Mr. ALLEN. Mr. President, that claim has
never been recognized by this Government, and 1
hope it will not be recognized by the Senate, for
we shall thereby sanction the principle that any-
body can increase the officers of the navy by a
mere permit to a man to go on board of a United
States ship. It may, for au^ht I know, be a hard
case—it may be that this individual claimant rriay-
have a remedy against those by whose authority5
this person went on board of his ship; but one
thing is certain, that this Government is not an-
swerable. I hope the Senate will paftse; for if we
pass this bill, an officcr may, by his own volition,
permit a person to go on board his ship, and then
United States officers may be called upon to pay
some claim which such person may set up.
Mr. MILLER. I know nothing of the facts of
this case except as they are presented in the re-
port. I see nothing except the principle by which
justice should be done to Captain Percival. The
simple question is, whether Captain Percival shall
be charged with the salary of this man ? The sim-
ple facts are these : By the authority of the Presi-
dent and the Secretary of the Navy this man went
on board of that ship; remained in her for the pur-
pose of science during her cruise, and then his
salary was chaiged to Captain Percival. The
question is not whether the President and the Sec-
retary of the Kavy.had authority of law for what
they did, but whether Captain Percival shall be
obliged to pay the salary of a person who wa3
sent on board Ins ship by the Secretary of thq
' Navy, with the approbation of the President?
Mr. ALLEN. It is not only the case of ap-
pointing an officcr without authority of law, but it
is a case of smuggling a man on board, and then
asking us to make him compensation.
Mr. MILLER. Of the 41 smuggling" I know
nothing, and with it I have nothing to do. If the
gentleman finds fault with the manner of the ap-
pointment, his censureshould fall.elsewhere. Be-
cause this man was smuggled on board, is it right
that Captain Percival shall be called upon to pay
this salary?
Mr. WESTCOTT. IIow much is the amount?
Mr, MILLER. About $2,000; and it appears
to me to be an equitable claim, so far as Captain
| Percival is concerned.
I Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. President, the abuses in
| this branch of the service have been such thatCon-
; gress has found it nccessary to pass laws restrict-
! ing the power of the Secretary of the Navy and
! captains of vessels in such cases. It is provided
I by positive enactment that only such officers as
■ aie specified by law shall be kept in the service
; while our ships are at sea; but the passage of this
bill will be neither more nor less than saying to
captains of vessels and to the Secretary of the
Navy, you may violate the law with impunity. I
know nothing of the particular merits of this case.
It may Ue that here was an individual who desired
to travel, and who found it exceedingly pleasant
to travel at the public expense. There are many
men,'sir, who ate too lazy to do anything else,,
who would l>e glad to ship themselves on board
the public ships as naturalists and men of science,
and thus go a bug hunting or possum catching, if
they call travel free oral the publicexpense. This,
sir, I have no hesitation in saying, is an abuse,
and one which ought to be corrected and frowned
down. The passage of this bill will be virtually
to license the conduct of persons in official stations
who act without authority. If this officer has
paid this money, he ought to lose it; for, as the
commander of a ship, he knew who he should take
with him, and that, if he takes other persons, he
does it at his own u.Uc.
Mr. BALDWIN. Mr. President, I have been
unable to see on what ground this charge was
originally made against Captain Percival. As I
gathered the facts from the report, this gentle-
man who has lecetved this compensation was
received on board Captain Percival's vessel, in
pursuance of permission given by fhe Secretary
of the Navy, with the approbation of the Presi-
dent, and the Government have paid the amount;
that is to say, the purser has paid the amount, and
that has been directed to be charged on the books
of the Government against Captain Percival. Now,
if the purser has made this payment-without au-
thoiity, he has paid it in his own wrong; but
where is the authority by which the Government
charges to Captain Percival ? I see nothing in this
report which authorized this charge to be originally
made to that officer, or to justify the continuing it
on the books of the Government, and therefore I
believe the provisions of this bill to lie proper.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. Mr. President,
a more gallant officer does not belong to the naval
