1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
293
recommended at the last session, which the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Henley] attempted to cor-
rect, by a statement that the committee reported a
smaller number than that which was ordered-by
. the House. But upon referring to the Journal he
found that the gentleman from Indiana was in error,
and that he (Mr. T.) was correct in his statement,
that the Printing Committee did report the extraor-
dinary number of copies of I hat document, namely:
ninety thousand copies of the agricultural portion,
end ten thousand copies of the entire report, which
- were ordered by the House. The gentleman from
Indiana was under a misapprehension only with
reference to the action of the committee—he him-
self having attempted ill the House to reduce the
"number when the report of the commjttee was
under consideration.
Mr. HENLEY interrupted, to state, that at the
time he made his remarks to which the gentleman
had allu'ded, he was under the impression that the
committee reported fifty thousand copies; but he
was corrected by the Journal.
Mr. TOOMBS continued. He had called the
attention of the House to this subject, not with
reference especially to the miserable consideration
- of the cost of the printing now proposed, but for
the, purpose of showing that instead of retrench-
ment, the general bill of expenses for the public
printing had gone on increasing; and that while the
prices had been reduced, the amount of the print-
ing had been so greatly increased that nothing had
been saved to the country. j
The chairman of the committee [Mr. Conger] p
had given as a reason why all this printing should Ij
be ordered, that the people wanted the books; and J
he had before replied to this, that the people [
always wanted all the books that might lie given ];
to them; that they would receive all that might be ji
furnished them free of cost, whether New Testa- I
ments, connc almanacs,, or spelling-books; all >
would receive them, and all wanted them, upon ;j
such terms. But the great object in furnishing
v these large extra numbers of documents was, that jj
members of Congress might strengthen themselves i!
at home by distributing them in a complimentary
way among their constituents. Now, he desired jj
that all the printing of Congress, besides the print- ,j
ing of the Journals, should be confined and re- j
stricted by some established rule. He was willing
to do all the necessary Congressional printing, to
do it all well, and pay an adequate price for it; but
he was opposed to making Congress a great book ,|
concern, as it was getting to be under the present j
contract system. This system, he affirmed, was [.
supported at an enlarged expenditure, as appeared j!
from a statement in yesterday morning's Duily ■
Globe. It was there stated to the country, that the j
highest bill paid to Blair & Rives for the public
printing, under the former system, was less than
what is now paid to the cheap printers. And he :
would here remark, that the statement with refer-
ence to the printing of the last session, which cost
one'hundred and one thousand dollars—namely, i
* that if this printing had been done at the prices j
"paid to other printers, it would have cost the Gov-
ernment three or four hundred thousand dollars— ;
was calculated to mislead and deceive. He would j
not be understood to say that Congress had not
paid too much for printing formerly, but he said
he was willing to pay fair, remunerating prices—
such as would insure the work to be well done.
{A voice: "And good paper."] Yes, he wanted ;
the work well done—well printed, upon good paper,
and well paid for. He complained only of the
abuse of this subject on the part of the Ho^ise, by ,
ordering too much printing.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Thompson]
hnd made a statement to show that the amount of
printing executed at the last, session could not have
been done for the same amount of money at the
former priccs. But this did not meet his objection.
It was unnecessary to say that this House had
never before been so extravagant m the amount
of printing ordered, as at the last session- It was
this extravagance that he charged against the Pant-
ing Committee, and which he now reiterated. The
gentleman from Kentucky, both by the statement
made, and m all that he said, was arguing a ques-
tion which he (Mr. T.) never made. By turning
to the report of the remarks by that gentleman, it
would be seen that he was proceeding upon the
idea of price merely, to show a saving in the print-
~ ing under the present system of two hundred
and six thousand dollars. His whole argument
amounted simply to this: that if former Congresses
had been as extravagant in their printing orders
as the present, instead of paying one hundred and
one thousand dollars for an amount of work equal
to that executed at the last session, they would
have paid three or four hundred thousand dollars.
All this might be true, but it did not affect his
position. He would say, that after the publica-
; tion of the Journals of Congress, and printing the
I public documents, bills, &c., necessarily connected
ii with the business of legislation, there the public
'j printing should stop. There might, indeed, be
l! printed extra numbers of the annual messages and
i; reports; hut whenever Congress' began to print
books upon science and art, for the benefit of the
;; agricultural and manufacturing interest, it assumed
'! a business for which there was no warrant in the
jj Constitution. Congress had just as much power
;i to print a New Testament as a work upon agricul-
!; ture. And there were now upon the hands of
'! members some ninety thousand copies of a work
|i on ugi icnlturc, which many perhaps did not know
! what to do with. To such he would suggest that
! there was one thing which might be done with
j: them: they might be sold to the grocers, he be-
i lieved, for about three cents a pound. That was |
! one way of getting lid of them; or they might be ,
sent to the people, for the people would not reject i
II them so long as they came tree. :
: The sneeeh of the gentleman from Kentucky ;
; only showed the matter to( be a great deal worse j
j than he had ever thought it was before. He had j
■ no idea, before it was thus laid before him, that j
; while Congress was saving some sixty, seventy, i
j or eighty "per cent, on the printing, they were ac-
[ tunlly spending mole money than 'ever before. !
; Even under this cheap system, the bill of printing ;
j for the present Congress might be run up as high ;
i as two hundred and fifty thousand dollars. .He '
objected to the cheap system because ot' the abuses ,
i to'which it led. lie opposed it twelve months ;
j ago, and he should continue to oppose it. j
j °VVith reference to the resolution before the ;
j House, for the printing of extra copies of the let-
i ter and papers in relation to the fjiiilalo haibor,
i he said this was not for the information of the
House or the country at large, but only for the m-
foimation of the people interested in the trade of
a paiticular city; and therefore he considered the
order to be a departure from the sound constitu-
tional principle which should regulate these mat-
ters. Its adoption would sanction an abuse in the
practice of Congiess which was increasing every
year, but which ought to decrease. Ever since he
had been in Congress, he had labored for the pur-
pose of lopping otf these abuses, and he expected-
to continue so to labor. He had been attempting
to strike at these abuses as they rose up on every
hand, whether great or small, and he should con-
tinue m that work as long as he might he intrusted
with any share in the legislation of the country.
He invoked the attention of the House to the
principle for which he contended, and especially
those who pftfessed to be friends of reform, and
the advocates of a just retrenchment in the expen-
ses of Government. He would ask them whetnei
they believed it to be the duty of this House to ,
print books for the people which they did not want,
and for which there was no warrant m the Con-
stitution ? He affirmed that this power, w.uch had
been of late years indulged in to such an alarming
extent, coukl not be sustained even as an incident
to any power conierred upon Congress. It was a
sheer abuse of power, which had gone on mcreas-
iiyj- for the last ten years to such an extent that it
now swallowed up a very large amount of the pub-
he revenue. Moreover, it stood in most direct
conflict with the system of cheap postage, now so |
much desired in the country, by preventing the
abolition of the franking privilege. Let the frank-
ing privilege be abolished, (as he trusted it would
■ ' be ) and gentlemen would soon find out whether ,
' the people really wanted the heavy books and
i documents, these agricultural works, winch were
i now being sent to them. If they wanted them they
I would pay the postage on them. He did not be-
>1 lieve that'ten thousand men in the whole country
j would be found willing to do that Strike down i
' the-franking privilege, then, and Congress wouldrj
!! at once get rid of this evil of extra pt intiiig. _ >
II But all this seemed to attract the particular ire ^
'! of the Printing Committee. He found the mem- j
ii bersofthat committee generally to be the advocates ^
i! and apologists here of the abuse 10 winch he had
referred. It was under their administration that
this abuse had ran into an excess which was
wholly unprecedented. Xhe House now was able
to get a large amount of worthless printing done
for less money than the cost of the Fame amount
of good printing; but the objection was, that while,
the printing was done at less than the former
prices, there was no saving inthe expense. _ Would
gentlemen look at the condition of the Govern-
ment twenty years ago, when a popular clamor
was raised against the administration of the ven-
erable gentleman from Massachusetts—[Mr. J. Q..
Adams:,] who recently fell a victim to death in our
miclst—because the expenses of the Government
were increased to thirteen millions. He also joined
in that cry, and tjie country believed it. They
considered that thirteen millions for the annual ex-
penses of the Government was an extravagance
which demanded retrenchment. But now, instead
of retrenchment, these annual expenses had gone
up to forty millions. The expenses in many depart-
ments had been doubled, trebied, quadrupled—
increased vastly beyond any necessity; while the
actual expense of doing some things had decreased
in a corresponding ratio. 1 hough the demand for
retrenchment might be called a clamor, he should
j continue to raise his voice against every abuse
of the powers of the Government, and he would
i continue to invoke the aid of honest men of all
I patties in the work of striking them all down as
| they rise. He would say to the House, Print
i what yon want, but do all your printing well, and
' pay a'fair living price for it; but print no more
I than w hat may be actually neccssary for the legit-
i imate purposes of legislation: and whether it shall
j cost ten thousand dollars, or a hundred thousand,
I or a million, pav for it.
! The. SPEAKER stated the question to be on the
j amendment offered by the gentleman from New
' York.
j The amendment was then read by the Cleric,
i Mr. TOOMBS moved to lay the amendment on
i the table; hnt withdrew for
1 Mr. HENLEY, who assured the gentleman and
' the House that lie would not inflict a long speech.
1 He did not believe the gentlemen from New York,
j who move"d this amendment, had any disposition,
j more than any other gentlemen, to oppose himself
1 to any just reformation and letrenchment m the
;i public e'xpendiluies. Certainly he (Mr. H.) had
I no disposition to contribute anything towards fast-
' ening any abuse upon the Government. wits
!j agreed with the gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
II Toombs] in all that he had said or couid say about
I the necessity of retrenchment. All that they could
: differ about now was the attack which the gentlo-
'i man had thought proper to make upon the Prnit-
ii ing Committee, of which he(Mr.H.) was a mem-
ber. Possibly, the gentleman had considered it
easier to direct a successful attack against the three
members of this committee than against the whole
House. But by attacking the House instead of
the committee, the gentleman might have exhib-
ited more valor—the gentleman was certainly bold
enough to make the attack—and he^xight, by so
doing, have found men more worthy of" his steel.
If the gentleman would examine the Journal, he
. would see that the Printing Committee bad never,
i except in the case of the late Patent Office report,
reported any proposition to increase the^number
of extra copies referred to them tor consideration;
and whenever they reported a smaller number
' than that referred, the House VimI invariauly over-
ruled the report, and ordeted the larger numler.
This practice on the part of the House had taught
them to report the number referred, and they had
done so in many cases when they knew that any
attempt to eta down the amount of printing- would
be overruled by the House. He referred now
particularly to the President's annual message,
with the accompanying documents, communicated
to Congress at the last session. It was considered
that this document broughfup the, history of the
war, and the committee could not venture to report
any number less than that referred. He .referred
also to the orders for printing extra copies ot other
documents belonging to this class, which were m
demand all over the country: to the Tristcoire-
snondence, the Scotland Taylor letters, toe tmory
and Fremont documents, &c. Every one ot these
documents was known to be m great demand all
over the country, and he did not now recollect th t
in one single instance there was raised a voice m
this B&il in opposition to the orders which were
