1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
295
when the Land Office was regulated anew by act
of Gongress, that salary was reduced to $1,300.
The duties of that department had been very
greatly increased since the bounty lands were
awarded to the soldiers who had served during the
Mexican war. He thought, as the duties of these
two clerks (who, the Commissioner of the Land
Office desired, should be better paid) had been
greatly enlarged, that their pay, in some small de-
gree, should be enhanced also. Their duties were
very responsible; they had in charge the land titles
to five distinct kinds of military lands:
First. The United States military district, for
revolutionary bounty lands—a very important set
of papers, involving the titles to sixteen millions
of acres;
Second. The Virginia military lands;'
Third. The refugee lands;
Fourth. The bounty lands of the war of 1812,
embracing six millions of acres, viz: two millions
in the State of Illinois, two millions in Missouii,
and two millions in Aikmisas; and,
Fifth. All the military bounty lands granted to
the soldiers of the Mexican war.
All these classes of military land titles underwent
the supervision of these clerks. During the Mex-
ican war the duties of these clerks h&d been greatly
enhanced; and he was confident, from his daily
observation of their business and duties, that they
deserved to have their pay increased—the one to
$1,500, and the other to $1,300. Many of the
clerks in that department'received $1,800, some
$1,600, whose duties were not so arduous or re-
sponsible. He trusted the amendment of his col-
league would be adopted.
Mr. POLLOCK moved to amend the amend-
ment, by adding a proviso, that the salaries hereby
increased should be redudfed to their present rates
at the expiration of five years.
Pie said that the increased duties devolved upon
these clerks in consequence of the Mexican war,
would not continue longer than five years, and of
course the increase of salary should continue no
longer. The amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Cummins] proposed to make the increase
of salary permanent. The Committee of Ways
and Means had refused to sanction the proposi-
tion for this-reason, and he himself was opposed
to it, but with the amendment which he proposed,
he thought it was proper.
The amendment to the amendment was lost.
Mr. POLLOCK moved to amend the amend-
ment by adding a similar proviso, limiting the
increase of salaries to three years. Rejected.
Mr. JAMESON moved to amend the amend-
ment by adding a proviso, that in lieu of the per
diem and mileage at present received by members
of Congress, they should be paid §12 per diem and
receive no mileage.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
order, on the ground of irrelevancy.
Mr. JAMESON appealed.
The decision of the Chair was sustained by the
House.
The question recurring on the amendment of
Mr. Cummins, was taken, and the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. VINTON, under the direction of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, in accordance with the
recommendation of the Secretary of War,-moved
an amendment to the item for the Chief Engineer's
office, to increase the appropriation so as to pro-
vide for an increase of the salary of the chief clerk
of §*200; in the salary of the §1,150 clerk, of §250;
in the salary of tfre §1,000 clerk, of §>150; and in
the salary of the §800 clerk, of $200.
The amendment was ugreed to,
Mr. JAMESON renewed his amendment rela-
tive to the mileage and per diem of members of
Congress, but
The CHAIR decided it out of order at this stage
of the hill also, and Mr. Jameson acquiesced
Mr. VINTON, by direction of the Committee of
Ways and Means, moved an amendment to in-
crease the item for the office of Commissioner of
Pensions from $>'2,850 to §7,050.
The amendment, after a word of explanation
from Mr. VINTON as to its necessity, was agreed
to.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, moved the following
amendment:
For the purpose of printing, under the direction of the
Commissioner of Pensions, an additional number of House
document No. 95 of the first session of twenty-ninth Con-
gress, and all laws relating to pensions which have been
pass-ed since the 27th day of .fAmutiy, 1846, and are still in
force, together with the constructions placed upon such
laws by?the War Department or Attorney General, and the
foims necessary to be followed by applicants lor pensions
under the several Jaws, and the bounty land laws, together
with the necessary forms for applications therefor, for the
use of the Pension Office, the sum of eight hundred dollars.
Mr. HAJjL, in explanation, said, that he did
not understand that the amendment which had just
been offered by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Vinton] authorized (he printing of this document;
the copies of it were nearly all exhausted; the de-
mand for it was great, not by members of Congress,
but by the pensioners themselves. The argument
which had been advanced here, that it was not
proper to print documents for members, would not
apply to the present case. It was for the use of
! the pensioner! themselves. If it was proper to
I pass laws authorizing these pensions, it was also
i proper to print these laws, so that those who were
entitled to them might avail themselves of them.
Mr. HUDSON moved to amend the amend-
ment by striking out " two hundred," and insert-
ing " eight hundred" dollars.
It was obvious (Mr. H. said) that all the reasons
which could be alleged for the publication of this
document (which was a considerable document)
would require that at least three or four times the
sum contemplated by the gentleman's amendment
should be appropriated. Two hundred dollars
would print but a few copies of a document of this
size, especially when it was considered that its
size had been increased by recent statutes, and the
constructions which had been given to them by the
department. He had no hostility to the measure,
hut he believed that every reason which would call
I for an appropriation at all would require at least
the sum of eight hundred dollars.
Mr. HALL said he would accept the amend-
ment as a modification of his own.
Mr. MULLIN moved to amend the amend-
ment by adding, " the laws and forms in relation
to bounty lands." ^
Mr. HALL said he would accept this also, as a
modification of his own proposition.
And the question being taken, the amendment
as thus modified was agreed to.
NaVY department.
The following item being under consideration:
For compensation of the Secretary of the Navy, and the
clerk*, messengers, and assistant messengers in his office,
twenty-one thousand nine hunched and fitly dollars.
Mr. SAWYER moved to amend it by adding
at the end thereof a proviso, that it should be made
the duty of the Secretary of the Navy forthwith to
publish an order to abolish the practice of flogging
in the navy.
And Mr. S. asked for tellers, who were ordered.
Mr. VINTON submitted to the Chair, whether
this proviso was relevant to the proposition to pay
the Secretary of the Navy his salary. It seemed
to him (Mr. V.) that it was not germane as a con-
dition upon which the Secretary of the Navy
should receive his salary that he should stop
flossing in the service.
The CHAIR thought that the amendment was
in order.
' And the question thereon was taken, and de-
cided in the affirmative: Ayes 79, noes 37.
' So the amendment was agreed to.
POST OFFIOE DEPARTMENT,
The following item being under consideration:
For compensation of tlio Postmnstcr General, three As-
sistant i'osrma-ters General, clerk-, messenger, a-si<t<uit
j messengers, and watchmen ot said department, seventy-
i six thousand hundred dollats.
Mr. GREGORY moved to amend it, by adding
l five hundied dollars as additional salary to the First
j Assistant Postmaster General.
1 Mr. GREGORY said that thisamendmentwould
j place the First Assistant Postmaster General on the
; same footing with the Auditor of the department, i
| Mr. GOGGIN moved to amend the amendment,
! so as to make similar additional provision for the
i Second and Third Assistant Postmasters General,
j This addition, Mr. G. said, would place these
j officers on the same footing, in regard to salaiy,
with the Auditor of the Post Office, Department,
[Mr. Washington,] and would give them the
same amount as that paid to all the heads of bu-
reaus. * j
The question was taken, first, on the amendment i
to the amendment; and it was rejected. [
And then the amendment of Mr. Gregory was I
rejected. 1
OFFICE OP THE SURVEYOR GJENARAL.
The following item being under consideration: :
For compensation of the survevor general of Wfsconsin
and Iowa, and the clerks in his office, eight thousand three
hundred dollars.
Mr. COLLAMER moved the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the item:
For clerks in the offices of the surveyors general, to he
appointed to them according to the exigencies of the public
service; and, if necessary, to be employed in transcribing
field-notes of survey?, for the purpose of preserving them at
the seat of Government, ^23,500,
Mr. COLLAMER explained. He said that this
amendment was drawn in precise conformity to the
estimates sent in from the department as originally
printed. By a resolution of the House of thel9ih
of December, this particular item had been referred
to the Committee on Publie Lands. It was not in
the bill, although it was in the estimates, having,
as he had satd, been sent to the Committee on
Public Lands for examination. He had not time
now to enter upon explanations. The Committee
on Public Lands thought that it should be passed,
and *had instructed him to ask that it might be
placed in the bill. It was believed to be important,
as the department had considered it necessary to
put it in the estimates. It had at the last cession
been cut out by the Committee of Ways and
Means, and had been replaced by an amendment
in the Senate, which amendment had been agreed
to by the House. He (Mr. C.) then explained the
manner in which the business increased in one
quarter as it diminished in another, rendering it
necessary to apportion the services of the clerks
accordingly.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER moved to strike out the follow-
ing item:
For compensation of four assistants, draw-keepers at the
Potomac Imdge, including oil for lamps and machinery, fire-
wood and repairs, four thousand two hundred and ninety
dollars.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. VINTON (under instructions, he said, from
the Committee of Ways and Means) moved to
amend by adding, between lines 443 and 444, the
wo rds—
" For machinery and machinists §1,500." Agreed to.
Mr. NICQLL offered the following amendment,
to come in immediately after the item making ap-
propriations for the judiciary*
Provided, That the proviso iu the first section of an act
entitled "An act making appropriations for the eivii and
diplomatic expenses of the Government lor the year ending
the Mill of June, 1849, and for other purposes," limiting rhe
tees for taking and ceitifjing the depositions of witnesses- in
civil casscs, be, and the same is hereby, declared to extend
and apply to all and every civil cause between any parties
whatever, and to all admiralty proceedings: Provided,
however. That where the actuaf taking of any" such deposi-
tion t-hall necessarily require a longer time than three hours,
the judge of the court in which said deposition Is to be used
l-s hervby authoriaed to certify an amount, not exceeding
eight dollars, as a proper charge for taking such deposition,
and the same shall thereupon be taxable as a partof the costs
of the suit or proceeding.
Mr. NICOLL explained that the object of this
amendment was, to give to the provision which
had been inserted in the civil and diplomatic ap-
propriation bill of the last year the operation which
had been intended—an object which had not been
accomplished under coj|tructions heretofore put
upon it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to amend the
amendment by striking out" three" hours and in-
serting " ten.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
And then the amendment was agreed to.
THE QUESTION AS TO THE TERRITORY OF
WISCONSIN.
Mr. MXJLLIN moved to add, at the end of line
491,an appropriation of the same amount(#10,500)
for the same officers, &c., of theTerritory of Wis-
consin, as is included in the bill for the Territoiy
of Oregon.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, (on a pro-forma
amendment to the amendment) said it appeared to
him that this was the most extraotdinary effort
which had ever been made to organize a territo-
rial government. A proposition had been before
the Senate since the early part of the last et^sion
of Congress, toorganize theTerritory of INebrji&ka,
and both Houses of Congress had refused to pass
such a bill. But here was an effort made to intro-
duce into the civil and diplomatic appropriation
bill an item, which, per se, established a tcnitorial
