296
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBJE.
Jan. 18,
-t.
oovfvnmcnt over Minesota. Now, was it proper ij The CHATRM AJV replied that he did^not deem h
frs introduce a proposition of this kind into a gen- !j it necessary to decide, that question. Chair 11
eral appropriation bill? Gentlemen could not re-i was of the opinion that the amendment was m ,,
jieve themselves of the difficulty by sayin? that j. order. ;
the Territory of Wisconsin existed hy lav;; on the i! Mr. BOYDEN (upon a pro forma amendment
contrary, he thought it was absolutely certain that jj to the amendment) soid he denied that a vote ot ^
no such territorial government did exist. Con- !i this House could establish a territorial government,
eress had authorized the people of Wisconsin to [I A majority of the House had voted that a certain ;j
come into the Union as a State; they had come in;gentleman was entitled to his seat as a Delegate
and Minesota, the part which had'been stricken jj from Wisconsin; they must consider that conclu- ^
from the former Territory'of Wisconsin, lie appre- ij sion upon the subject, but it by no means coulu i
bended, could not be called a Territory without a i. operate to fstablish a territorial government. ,
law of Congress declaring it to be aTefritory. 1 It could be contended with more propriety that (
' 1 there was an additional Sictte of Wisconsin, than jt
that there was an additional Temilory of Wiscon- j
He conceived that this was nothing; more nor less
tiJavi an attempt to establish a tentorial jraverfi-
ment in an indirect way. He wockl inquire why
a territorial government could be established in this
manner over the Territory of Minesou any more
than territorial governments could be established
over tl'.-i Territories of Nebraska, California, or
sin. By an act of Congress, the people of the ;
Territoiy of Wisconsin had been authorized to,
form a State constitution and establish a State ,
government; and provision had been made for i
admitting the whole Teiritory into the Union, as a
uy necessary ...       .   - -
ment over Mines*'! > If Minesota required to l! Wiseonsin; and therefore it could be contended
have'a territorial srove mine lit, let a bill be intro- '' with niuoh more propriety that the poition so left
duced and passed, in the usual form, for that pur-, ! out was another State of Wisconsin, entitled to a
,pose; but let them not attempt to sneak a govern- ij Representative on this floorand to two Senators
merit through in this bill.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to amend the amend
ment by including a similar provision for the Ter- !
ritory of Iowa. 1
He said when the State of Iowa was admitted '
into the Union, there had been left without the I
State a much larger territory—a territory three or ,
four limes as large as that portion of the former '
Territory of Wisconsin, whii.ii had been If ft out of [
the State of Wisconsin. If a Territory wns to be
erected in this nr-inne-; if by ndmiuinjj a ^le'eipte ;
thev drew in a Territory, the example should he
followed uo uy providing also for a much iairrer
piece or 10',va, and now recognizing and providing
{./r it as the Territory of Iowa. Congress woud
, then have tvo Tenitorics on its hands, without all
the trouble of requiring the Committee on Tend
!i than it could be contended that it was the Terri-
tory of Wisconsin. The w'hole Territory—every
foot-of "that which came here now and claimed to
be a Territory—had been erected into a State, and
had been admitted as a State by act of Congress;
that act of Congress had authorized the State to
e'lange its territorial limits, and it had changed
them under that authority.
Pic said, then, that there was no Territory of
Wlseonvir*. It was perfectly idle to talk about it
as a Territory: and it would be j:ist as proper,
' arid more so, (for this wos but a little pea-patch at
: any rate,) to claim that that portbin of the Terri-
; toiy of Iowa, which had been left out when Iowa
was admitted as a State, was now a Territory, and
entitled to a delegate on this floor. And if they
were going on this principle, let them go the whole
|nries to report bills, and those bills to pass both j length, and at the same time recognize territorial
Houses, and he approved by the President, estab- governments over California and New Mexico. j
l-s   . .    L _ _ .1  . 1, _ * * 1* ! ft f... T7° A "IVT Tl"VT<r 77* .nnxro;! o 1-1-1 fllld I >1 /3 Ct ivi on n _ I
li^hit'ig territorial governments, and without the
necessity of discussion upon the Wilmot proviso
and other vexed questions. Avery compendious
way of doing the woik ! It was true, it looked
rather preposterous—if anything done by Con-
gress* could he considered preposterous. He meant
this with the most perfect'respect. ETe did not
think this House could do anytKing at whicn gen-
tlemen ought to he smprlbed.
It had been attempted in this indirect way to
admit one Territory (of Wisconsin). Now. 1)3
desired gentlemen to show the difference between
the Temtory of Iowa and the Tcrritoiy of Wis-
Mr. VAN DYKE moved to amend the amend-
ment by striking out " Iowa." ,
it was no time now (he said) to argue the ques- j
tioti whether the Delegate had been properly ad-
nutted from Wisconsin, as the gentleman from J
North Carolina [Mr. Boydek] was disposed to do. i
Fie denied—it was not true that there was any ,
law of Congress embracing that whole Territory as
a State. The law of Congress which admitted
Wisconsin jir a tflate embraced but a portion of
what wjis once, by the law of Congress, the Ter- 1
i ifm v of Wisconsin. Cut, was it true that there'
wws no such Tenitorv as Wisconsin ? There was 1
cousin. O-io had organized a State government by r a law upon our statute book creating the Territory
the vote of its people; so had the other. In the
case of Wisconsin, a small niece of the Territory
of Wisconsin was lort out of the Siaie; m the ease
of Iowa, a piece much larger had been left our.
If the one piece was now to be considered theTer-
ritoi y of Wisconsin, so akso should the other be
considered ihe Temtory of Iowa. He hoped,
inasmuch as the House had admitted a Delegate
from Wisconsin, they w^ild go on and provide all
the necessary appropriwnons for the support of
the termors* government, and that they would
make the same provision for Iowa, in anticipation
of their holding a convention and sending a Dele-
gate. He did this to save the consistency of the
Tiou^et and following; up the amendment of the
gi'iultiiiun from New York, he moved to aud
Iowa.
I of Wisconsin, and its limits were given. There
1 was also a law upon the etaPUe book carving out
; from that sameTrrritcry of Wisconsin a State, but
' leaving the balance of the Territory as it stood be-
fcie. But the actof Congress which carved out that
portion of the Tenitory and niadeita State,did not
■ repeal in words or effect the law by which the oid
1 territorial government was given to the Territory
, of Wisconsin. Congress had admitted about half
: that Territory as a State, and it-was claimed that,
: in consequence, the former law was annulled; and
; that, too, without any repealing words—without
, any antagonism. If this were true, the people
residing in that portion of the Territory were out-
! lawed; society was there reduced to its original
| elements; there were no judges, no sheriffs, no ju-
j dicsal tribunals, and ail the Taws which Congiess"
"vp\ MULLIN modified his amendment by ac- had ever given them as a Territory had been abro-
gated and destroyed, simply because Congress had
erected a State out of a portion of that Territory.
Mr. SCHENCK interposed, and asked, Con-
gress Laving the power to establish a territorial
government, whether it could lepeal the law?
Mr. VAN DYKE replied, that'Congress had
the power to establish a territorial government;
and it had the power now, if it saw fit, to reestab-
ceptmg ivlr. Schick's amendment thereto.
The question was therefore on an amendment
mokwg provfiion for the expenses of the tenito-
nal government? of Wisconsin and Iowa.
Mr. COLjLAi.iKR rose to a point of crdrr, and
inquired whether this amendment was in order, as
mere was a ruie of the House which provided that
no* appropriations should be made m the general
appropriation bills for objectswhich were not pro- j lish a territoiial government over that part of Wis-
vided for by law. _ (i consin Territory which had been cut off; but, until
*£he CHAIRMAN said he was not able to say ] * ' ' - . .
that, r.he Territory of Wisconsin was not provided '
for by law.
Mr. COLLAMEIJ. The Chair does not decide j
but what the Territory of Wisconsin by law now J
exists, as a Uwitor;al governmen'3 j
it did so, did not that part of the Inw which had
hot be^n repealed remain in force? for there was
no antagonism between it and the la*w admitting
the State.
The question was taken on Mr. Van Dyke's
amendment to the amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. VINTON moved to amend the amendment
by striking out the Territory of Wisconsin.
"He made this motion (he said) for the purpose
of showing that all which the gentleman from
New Jersey [Mr. VanDyke] had said about the
Territory of Wisconsin was,applicable in every
particular to Iowa. The Territory of Iowa had,
in the first place, been created with certain limits,
(which he defined;) it had at first formed a con-
stitution for admission, embracing a considerable
portion of that territory, her boundaries were cut
down by this House, and the State was subse-
quently admitted %vith these reduced limits. If
gentlemen would look into the law which ad-
mitted Iowa into the Union, they would see that
it made no disposition in respect to the Territory
of Iowa. It did not repeal the law over that vast
country between the Missouri river and the foot
of the Rocky Mountains. It yet remained in full
force, if the territorial law for Wisconsin remained
in force over the little fragment of Wisconsin
which had been left without the limits of the State.
He had no faith himself that either of these Ter-
ritorial Governments now existed. Nobody under-
stood it so. But if either was to be recognized as
a Territory, there was four or five times as much
: territory remaining, which should be known under
: the name of the Territory of Iowa, as there was
■ which should be known under the name of the
. Territory of Wisconsin. And if the House ad-
, mitteda "Delegate from Wisconsin, they must have
; one from Iowa; and they would have one, let him
tell gentlemen the next year. They were thus,
! without knowing it, making new Territories, arid
1 he did not know" how many more would claim to
exist.
: Mr. V. waived his amendment for the present.
Mr. DUER renewed it. It struck him, he said,
! ns a most extraordinary proceeding on the part of
this House to insist upon a vote upon a question
; p.o importantas had been involved in the admission
of the delegare, who had recently taken his seat,
: withoutallowinff any discussion—withoutallowing
'the members of this House the opportunity of
reading the reports of the majority and minority
, of the committee, and examining the statutes. It
i had struck hirn then that there was no foundation
: for the claim of the gentleman who asked to be
' admitted as a delegate from the Territory of Wis-
consin; and he haS been confirmed in that opinion
by a subsequent perusal of the reports, and by an
examination of the laws bearing on the subject.
It was contended by gentleman, that the law
constituting the Territory of Wisconsin had not
been repealed, and therefore that it was now m
force. Well, if that was so, what was now* the
! Territory of Wisconsin? Why, it must embrace
, the whole State of Wisconsin. That was the only
Territory of Wisconsin that Congress had ever
, constituted: and when Wisconsin was admitted as
, a State into the Union, what was tt that was ad-
- mittcd ? The recital in the act was, that the peo-
l pie of Wisconsin had formed a constitution, and
! asked admission as a State upon the same footing
with the original States; and it was that Territory
' of Wisconsin, formed by act of Congress, which
; had been admitted into the Union as a State,
i But gentlemen said that a little piece had been
cut off, and therefore that all the laws which Con-
gress had applied to th'e original Territory, now
: applied to this. Weil, if Congress had said so, the
argument was correct But he denied that Con-
i gress had ever constituted the little slip which had
been left out into a Territory.
^ He withdrew the amendment.
| Mr. THOMPSON, of Indiana, rose and (pro
'. forma) renewed it. He said he was a httle as-
tonished that gentlemen complained so much of
having voted, the other day, on the admission ot
li the Delegate from Wisconsin, without understand-
ing the question. The reports of the majority and
. the minority of the committee had been laid upon
| the tables something like a week or ten days—he
1 did not know precisely how long—before the
'j House had been called to vote upon the admission
of the Delegate from the Territory of Wisconsin.
| These reports presented but one simple, isolated,
legal pioposition; it was this: the Territory of
'I Wisconsin was originally organized to embrace
|; within its limits what now constituted the State of
I j Wisconsin, and that district which claimed to be
[i represented, and was in point of fact represented
:| by the gentleman who now appeared here as a
; Delegate from the Territory of Wisconsin. The
