1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
297
Congress of the United States had, at several j
times, fixed upon different lines as the limits of the !
jurisdiction of the State of Wisconsin. At the last j
session of Congress, when the State of Wisconsin j
was admitted into the Union, the northwestern
line of that State had been fixed at the river St.
Croix. The only question, therefore, left for this
House to determine was, whether, by forming the
State of Wisconsin out of the Territory of Wis-
consin, and leaving a portion of the Territory out-
side of the State, the original, primary law of j
Congress creating a Territory of Wisconsin was i
annulled beyond the line of that State. !
He was astonished to hear gentlemen say that ■
there could be any doubt about so clear a legal !
. proposition as this. The Congress of the United
States organized a Territory; subsequent to that
organization, they created a-State out of a portion
of that Territory: did not the territorial law exist
to all intents and purposes beyond the limits of the
State? If it did not, then that portion of the in-
habitants who lived beyond that line were entirely
- disfranchised by the act, creating1 the State.
Mr. VINTON" interposed, and inquired if the
same argument would not apply to that portion of
the former Territory of Iowa which had been left
without the limits of the State?
Mr. THOMPSON replied that he was not ar-
guing that question; neither did he care whether
the Territory of Iowa now existed; this House
might determine that question.
But he said, unless the Territory of Wisconsin
now legally existed under the act organizing that
Territory, by creating1 the State of Wisconsin
Congress had, without their consent, disfranchised
a large portion of the people of that Territory. If
that was the legal effect of the act creating the
State of Wisconsin, the Secretary of State, and all
the officers in the Executive Department of the
Government, had misunderstood the effect of the
law.
These people were entitled to all the privileges
and immunities conferred upon them by the act
organizing the Territory, and there was nothing in
the law creating the State of Wisconsin which
took these rights from them. There was no abro-
gation of the territorial law; but that law was left
in full force and effect. Congress had transferred i
to a portion of the people who had had the territo- j
rial laws a system of State laws, hut they had not i
taken from the remaining portion the original priv- -
ilexes and immunities which they had given them. ;
He withdrew the amendments i
. Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, renewed the j.
amendment. There were but few gentlemen here j
(he said) who had not felt that whenever a Terri- 1
lory, organized under the laws of Congress, had '
been formed into a State, the whole laws relating i
to that Territory were abrogated. This was the i
genera! feeling. The boundaries of the State were
defined, and the balance of the territory was left as j
public domain, to be acted upon hereafter by future i
legislation. This was the natural and proper ;!
course. The idea that there would still be a law
authorizing a territorial government there was |j
nothing more than an admirable sophistry.
The House, by a vote which it had given a few ij
days ago, had been brought to a condition so pre- j|
posterous as scarcely to excite a smile. He had ij
the kindest feelings towards the gentleman to j
whom a seat had been given', and would, as a <i
mere evidence of his respect and regard, have been '
glad to have voted for him. But when it came to j
this question, he could not. i
What was the condition of things^ The Terri- ■'
tory of Wisconsin and the State of Wisconsin! i
Did they exist? Where was the evidence of the
fact, except the acknowledgment involved in" the i
vote which had been given the other day? There .
wei e no governments there—no executive or legis- , >
lative powers it* either. There was no other or-
ganization than probably that which pertained to ;
the judiciary. • i
He referred to former instances of the admission 1
of States embracing a portion of the former territo- i;
ries, and asked if the remaining portions were to ]:
be considered territories still in existence? As,for !;
example, in the case of Missouri. Was that por- j i
tion of the Territory of Missouri which was left j!
out of the State, now the Territory of Missouri? ;i
And were remnants of territories in this way to be ji
brought into the Union, as States, and wield the \\
power of States like Rhode Island or Delaware— |!
which he did not consider as lawful tenders for a ji
State here so far as dimensions were concerned.
Yet in every such case the territory left over might
as well be regarded in the same light as the Ter-
ritory of Wisconsin.
Mr. J. withdrew his amendment. .
I Mr. LYNDE renewed it. He said he was sur-
' prised that any gentleman should consider the
| recognition of tbisTerritory as an act of sophistry,
i He supposed that an act of Congress, unless there
! should he some subsequent action calculated to
i counteract its effect, was to be considered as still
! in force. But if gentlemen argued here, that the
taking a portion of the Territory and forming it
into a Stote made entirely void the original act of
organization, when was it, he asked, that the Ter-
ritory of Wisconsin became obsolete? A portion
of this Territory was taken years ago and organ-
ized into the State of Michigan, when she had her
quarrel with Ohio as to the line of boundary; and
that became a part of the State of Michigan.
There was but a portion of this Territory which
had been organized into a State—one-third under
the old original act was still-left. Another portion
of that Territory had been taken, and ccded to the
British Government. Did these two acts of ces-
sion entirely invalidate the original art? If not,
he could see no consistency in gentlemen arguing
that a portion of the State being organized into a
Territory necessarily rendered the original act void.
It was true, it did so in regard to that portion of
the Territory which became a State.
Gentlemen said there were other Territories in
the same situation. It had been customary with
Congress to pass laws repealing the old acts of
organization. At the same session when a portion
of the Territory was organized into a State, the
balance was organized into a Territory. That had
been done in many instances. And he could not
see why the. same rule should not apply in the
present case.
Gentlemen said that this proved the necessity of
the organization of a Territory. He could not see
it, provided the machinery was sufficient, so that '
the balance of the Territory could go on. i
At the last session, the members from Wiscon- :
sin addressed a communication to the Secretary I
of State, in regard to the balance of the Territory. I
He replied, that a'? to the laws passed by the ter- I
ritorial legislature, in relation to local offices, (fee., j
there could be no doubt that they remained in '
force. He (Mr. L.) could see no reason why local :
laws, passed by the local legislature, should re- !
main in force, unless the act of Congress passed !
as to that Territory still remained in force also.
Therefore, he regarded the decision as covering 1
the whole question, and recognizing the present
existence of the Territory. -
Mr. L. withdrew his amendment. |
Mr. ROOT (proforma) renewed it. He thought, i
he srtid, that it would f>c probably best to come J
back to the point from which the,y started. This '
had begun in a joke—in fun—and gentlemen had 1
got to arguing it in earnest. If the committee ,
was to have earnest action upon it, let gentlemen j
consider upon what they were acting. i
He supposed the matter was intended in earnest i
thus far—to show the difficulty into which the
House got itself the other day—the absurdity in :
which it had involved itself by admitting the gen- v
tJeman who represented what was claimed to be ;
the Wisconsin Territory. He would not discuss
the question whether there was a Territory left
there yet. This much, however, he would say,
that if the territorial government" still existed, it ;
was just such an one as it was when it was first ;
created. It was that or nothing.
The same question might arise with respect to
Iowa. A portion of that Territory had also been
left; and it might equally be contended that it now
existed as the Territory of Iowa. The territorial
law had not been repealed, but, as in the case of
Wisconsin, thelaw establishing a State was utterly 1
inconsistent with the esscnce and principles of the
law establishing the territorial government.
He believed that it was out of place to settle >
questions of so grave a character in a civil and '
diplomatic appropriation bill. The committee ,
would see that' if the House was right the other
day in admitting the delegate from the Territory :
of Wisconsin, they would be bound to go on and ■
make provision for carrying on these territorial
governments. There was no doubt about that. If
they acted right the other day, they must go on j
and make these appropriations.
But he thought that there had been an error,
and that they should stop where they were. The
House could, as a matter of courtesy, allow the
gentleman to retain his seat and receive his per
diem, if it chose.
Mr. ROOT withdrew the amendment.
Mr. VINTON renewed his motion to strike out
the appropriation for the Wisconsin Territory;
which motion (by ayes 76, noes 35) was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the amendment
as amended.
Mr. DICKINSON (pro forma) moved to amend
the amendment by including California.
He had (he said) listened attentively to the dis-
cussion, and to the reasons which gentlemen had
given for the admission of the Delegate from Wis-
consin. He had listened also to the reports of the
majority and minority of the Committee on Elec-
tions, and he wassatisfied that there was noground
here for admitting a Delegate under any law that
existed, because all territorial laws must be abro-
gated the moment Wisconsin and Iowa had been
admitted into the Union. He had given his vote
on some of the principles laid down in another re-
port. He. had high respect for the gentlemen who
had made these reports, but he had vo^ed for the
admission of the Delegate upon another principle.
When a Delegate from any portion of the people
presented himself, claiming to represent their inter-
ests, it was within the discretion of Congress to
say whether he should be admitted or not. But he
took it that Congress had the right toadmitu Del-
egate fromanyportionof the people of Wisconsin,
Iowa, California, or New Mexico, wiihoutany law.
If the people sent a delegate here, they did
ft on the inherent principle of self-government,
which existed in all cases. They did not doit
under any law. He was opposed to all appropri-
ations of this kind. We had no government there;
no executive/or legislative officers. And if Con-
gress appropriated money for one Territory, they
must do it for another.
Mr. D. withdrew his amendment.
Some conversation on a point of order followed
between Mr. PHELPS and the CHAIRMAN.
The CHAIRMAN said, that he had considered
the amendment m relation to California as not in
order. That m relation to Wisconsin and Iowa
was a grave question, which the House had been
discussing,and therefore the Chair had not decided
it out of order
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment as amended was rejected.
THE WHITE HOUSE.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, moved the fol-
lowing amendment to the bill:
Fim tunnelling the President's Hoii«e after the third day
of March, 1849, m addition to such ?urn as may he realized
fi oin the .-aIf of s urii aiticJes fui niched fot the same b\ tho
United as may be decayed, out of repair, oi unlit for
use. and the President may dnect to he sold, a sum not ex-
ceeding <14,000, to he expended under the direction of the
President ol the (Jimed Ststes.
Mr. HALL, of New York, suggested a verbal
amendment, which Mr. Houston accepted as a
modification.
And the amendment was agreed to.
A motion was then made that the committee
rise; which motion, by ayes 72, noes 63, was
agreed to.
So the committee rose and reported progress.
Mr. VINTON rose for the purpose of giving
notice, that hereafter, while in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union upon the appro-
priation bills, he should endeavor to prevail on the
committer to sit until four o'clock.'it would other-
wise be impossible for them to get through with
the appropriation bills.
[Cries of Agreed, agreed."]
Mr. TAYLOR movecl that the House proceed
to the business on the Speaker's table.
Pending this question, a motion was made to
adjourn.
Mr. HENLEY inquired if it would be in order
to move that the House adjourn to II o'clock to-
morrow morning?
The SPEAKER replied that it was not in order.
The motion to adjourn being agreed to,
The House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
( The following petition and memorials were presented
i under the rule, and referied :
By Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania- Three petitions
fiom citizens of Clarion county, piaymg for a modification
of the existing tariff laws.
