1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
299
'their nature. This delegate has impressed upon
my mind the great necessity of having a territorial
'government for Minesota by a variety of reasons.
Emigrants are crowding rapidly into the Territory,
and the inhabitants are building mills of a very
important character. They are absolutely making
improvements on the rivers, and preparing to make
•a dam along the side of one of the larger streams.
There is no law to affect the action of individuals
"in this respect; and in fact ever since Wisconsin
was admitted .into the Union, there have been no
laws of any description to regulate the affairs of
the inhabitants. I am toid there are some forty
•lawyers practising there, which is a favorable sign
as to the resources and extent of the settlement. I
am fully satisfied of the necessity for an.immediate
organization of a government over them.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. The establishment of
this territorial government in Minesota is a matter
of deep interest not only to the inhabitants of that
Territory, but to those of my State. There is no
existing government or laws now in that Territory.
Their establishment has been put off from time to
time, without reason or justice, for a long time
past. A bill similar to the one presented by the
Senator from-Illinois almost unanimously passed
the House of Representatives ut the last session of
Congress. Ever since the adoption of a State con-
stitution by Wisconsin, this Territory has been
"without laws. Whole counties that were once a
portion of Wisconsin are now without any law
whatever. The public mind has looked anxiously
to this session of Congress with the expectation of
the establishment of a territorial government. I
trust that no opposition will be made to a measure
that has been so long pending in both Houses of
Congress.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, as I understand
this matter, part of the territory now called Mine-
sota formed or constituted a part of the Territory
of Wisconsin. The eastern boundary of the ter-
ritory of Minesota, separating it from Wisconsin,
runs down from the western point of Lake Supe-
rior to the St. Croix river. That river, therefore,
forms a very valuable and important medium of
communication between the settlers in this territory
and the more easterly portions of this country, and
in that part of the territory I understand there are
many inhabitants. They have hitherto been un-
der "the protection of the laws of the Territory of
Wisconsin, but since the admission of that Terri-
tory into the Union as a State, these settlers have
been left without any such protection.
All that part of the teriitory called Minesota
lying beyond the line which I have indicated, and
extending to the Mississippi, falls under the ordi-
nance of 1787. It is impossible for Congress now'
to retrocede it or to compel Wisconsin to take it
back. The inhabitants of this territory are now
without the protection of law, and they call for
such protection perhaps as much as any other por-
tion of the Union similarly situated. About four-
teen hundred of the inhabitants are settled upon
that portion of the territory -formerly embraced
within the limits of Wisconsin. Beyond the Mis-
sissippi, 1 believe, there is another settlement upon
very good land. ^
^ Mr. DOUGLAS, (in his seat.) Ther^ are two
settlements beyond the Mississippi.
Mr. BUTLER. Very well; there are two set-
tlements, then. I understand the population is
increasing very rapidly, and their judicial matters
are becoming more and more complicated every
day, and require a political jurisdiction of some
kind to be established at once. If there are ten
thousand inhabitants in that teriitory, they cer-
tainly demand at least an ordinary territorial gov-
ernment.
Mr. KING. I wish the honorable Senator from
Iowa to understand that my object was not to
oppose the establishment of a territorial govern-
ment over this country, provided there are a suffi-
cient number of inhabitants in that country to
render the establishment of such a form of govern-
ment over them pioper and expedient. I have
thought, however, that the movement made to
establish such a government there was rather pre-
mature; but the statement of my honorable friend
from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] that there are some
ten thousand inhabitants in that country, and
that they are distributed in compact settlements,
although distant from each other, has obviated
my objections to the immediate establishment of a
territorial government over them.
vl think, however, the remarks of my honorable
friend from South Carolina, in regard to having
yielded so,large a portion of the territory originally
belonging to that section of the country from which
five States were to be made, and five only, for the
purpose of forming a new and additional State, is
an evidence of the liberality of that section of the
country in which I live. I am not disposed to
oppose the formation of any such States, if of rea-
sonable dimensions, although then-formation might
be supposed to operate in some degree against
what is supposed to be the particular interests of
my section of the country. I wish, the same feel-
ing actuated other quarters of this Union in regard
to the establishment of territorial governments over
sections of the country where there are at this time
ten times as many inhabitants as Minesota now
contains. But such is not the case, and I deeply
regret it.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Mr. President, I wish
to say a few words in reply to my friend from
Alabama. We know the Senator from Alabama.
We know him well as one of our best friends.
We know him as an enlightened and liberal states-
man, who soars above all the petty and sectional
prejudices which have well-nigh plunged our coun-
try into a civil war. As regards the feelings to
which the Senator has refened, entertained in some
sections of this Union in leldtion to the organiza-
tion of territorial governments over certain Ter-
ritories belonging to this country, I can say, for
one, that I shall be found voting on all occasions
in favor of the organization of governments in our
new Territories, being willing to risk the stnail
popularity which I now enjoy in the promotion of
what I may consider the general good of this whole
country. As to this matter of boundary, 1 will
state that Wisconsin would have gladly retained
all that portion of the territory embraced in the
ordinance of 1787, which was at first assigned to
her. That portion of her terntoiy was not set off
because it was the choice of her people, but becausc
the Congress of the United States dismembeied
her territory, and curtailed her limits. I am
sorry that the views of the Senator from Alabama
with legard to Iowa and Wisconsin did not pre-
vail at that time. If we have obtained too much
elbow room it is not our fault, and if injustice has
been done to Wisconsin by cuitailing her limits,
I hope the same injustice will not be done to Mine-
sota by cutting off that portion of her territory
which was originally embraced in the ordinance
of 1787, and thus curtail her just limits and restrict
her boundaries.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I may be la-
boring under a mistake in regard to this matter,
but 1 understood that it was at the instance and
earnest request of Wisconsin that a line has been
run as I have described. Wisconsin desired to
get rid of the territory beyond the St. Croix, be-
cause she thought it would be to her interest to
exclude it, as it was so situated that she could not
very wall govern it, and therefoie she did not de-
siie to continue it in her juusdjction. 1 ha^e al-
ways understood that this territory was excluded
from the State of Wisconsin at her own request,
but I may have been mistaken.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I would in-
quire of the honorable Senator who reported this
bill what its provisions are? I would like to know
if it is similar to other territorial bills that have
been extended to the inhabitants of other sections
of our country. I think this is clearly a case call-
ing for a tenuoiial government, but I would like
to know how many officers it is proposed to give
to these ten thousand people. 41
Mr. DOUGLAS, it strikes me that the pro-
visions of this bill are the same as those of the biil
by which a territorial government was extended
to Wisconsin when she had not so many inhabit-
ants as Minesota now has. It provides for pre-
cisely the same form of government as was extend-
ed to Iowa when she had not so many inhabitants
as Minesota, and precisely the same government
as was extended to Oregon when she kad about
the same numbei of inhabitants that Minesota now
has, to wit: a tenitorial government with a small
legislative body, a governor, a district attorney
and judges, a marshal, and other necessary offi-
cers. The bill provides for the simplest form of a
territorial government, and does not contain a single
peculiar provision.
The bill was ordered to its engrossment, read a
third time, by unanimous consent, and passed.
LIABILITY OP GOVERNMENT FOR DEBTS OF
TEXAS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland. I now move
that the Senate proceed with the order of the*day.
Mr. NILES. I Would inquire if that is not a
private bill ?
Mr. JOHNSON. It is a bill that was made the *
special order of the day for to-day.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration, as in Committee ot the
Whole, of the bill for the relief of Frederick Daw-
son, James Schott,and Ehsha D. Whitney.
Mr. PHELPS. I have regarded this bill as in-
volving a principle of great impoi tance; and if the
bill pass, I fear it will establish a principle that will
be found to be troublesome hereafter. The bill, in-
volves this great question:'how far the Govern-
ment of the United States becomes responsible, in
consequence of the annexation of Texas, for the
debts of that republic? The report of the commit-
tee recommending the passage of this bill proceeds
partly upon the ground that the United States are
to some extent responsible, though it limits its
responsibility to this extent, that if the debt be as-
sumed and paid by the United States, the State of
Texas, m the end, is bound to leimbuise this Gov-
ernment. This claim is only a portion of the large
amount of debt standing upon a similar footing.
The precise extent of the debt is not known. If I
am to judge from what has recently occuired, the
State of Texas is not aware of i*s extent, as some
portions of that debt have not been liquidated or
ascertained. It becomes, then, a very important
question whether we should, by the adoption of
this bill, recognize or admit our liability for the
debt of that republic.
I was induced, last session, in consequence of
what was stated by honorable Senators here, to
devote some little attention to this matter; and,
although I am perfectly awaie that if I were to go
into a full discussion of the subject, I should not
be abl$ to throw any additional light upon it, yet
the view which presents itself to me I desire 10 lay
before the Senate; and 1 will endeavor to do it as
concisely as is consistent with intelligibility.
In the first place, it is said, that in consequence
of the absorption of this republic, in consequence
of her becoming identified with the American
Union, we became responsible for her debt. Sir,
in my judgment, that argument is founded upon a
misapprehension of the appropiiate condition of a
State. Her sovereignty is not obliterated; her
capacity to provide for the fulfillment of obligations
contracted by the sovereignty of that State i3 not
destroyed, nor are the means taken away from her.
Under these circumstances, according to my judg-
ment, the principle does not apply. If this State
had no independent sovereignty; if her separate
and individual existence had been lost; if her capa-
city to contract, to raise revenue, or rather her
power to raise revenue, or the means of raising
revenue had been taken away, why, then, I admit
that by its incorporation into another and a new
republic, and the annihilation of the old, there is
no question that the United States would become
responsible for the debts of that State.
Well, sir, another ground upon which the sug-
gestion that this Government is responsible for
these debts grows out of the fact, or depends upon
the fact, that Texas pledged her revenue, and, in
doing so, pledged her revenue from imposts, to
these creditors. It is said that as we have taken
from her the thing pledged, as we have acquired
the power of raising revenue by imposts, to the
exclusion of the power of the State, that therefore,
upon the punciple that, having taken the thing
pledged, we take it subject to the obligation of the
pledge, we are bound to redeem it. Sir, in my
judgment, this pledge bears no possible analogy to
a legal pledge. In my judgment, it is utterly im-
possible to apply the doctrine relating to a legal
pledge to a transaction of this kind. In the first
place, there is nothing upon which a lien can act;
there is no subject-matter upon which a hen can
be considered as acting. It is nothing more than
a nude contract.
Mr. President, I find myselCtoo hoarse to speak.
I hope the bill will be passed by until to-morrow.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland. Certainly; let
the bill be passed by.
The' further consideration of the bill was then
postponed until to-monow.
