1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SOI
that satisfied me why, within any prescribed lim-
its, newspapers should be circulated postage free.
Up to a certain line it is proposed that newspapers
shall go free of postage, while beyond those lim-
its they are to be charged with full postage. Now,
what rule of right is there by which a citizen re-
siding thirty miles from the office of publication
shall receive his paper free of postage, and a citi-
zen residing thirty miles and a half from the office
should be compelled to pay full postage upon his
paper? It seems to me, sir, that this objection is
of itself sufficient, aside from other leasons which
to my mind are sufficient, to prevent the adoption
of the amendment. The amendment which the
Senator from Pennsylvania has offered, so far as
its application 
Mr. WESTCOT.T, (interposing.) If the Senator
will permit me, I agree with him entirely as io the
effect of the original amendment; but, unless my
amendment to it be adopted, the proper principle
will not be established.
Mr. HAMLIN. It may be very true, as I have
remarked, that the piinciple for which the Senator
from Florida contends may be nearer right than
the principle which the original amendment pro-
poses. I think they are all wrong. I have a little
experience in the matter, and as far as that experi-
ence goes, in my region of country, it has proved
injurious to the local papers. 1 speak advisedly;
1 lepeat oniy what 1 have been told by the publish-
ers and editors of papers themselves, when I say
that it really serves to limit and circumscribe their
circulation, from the very fact that they go free,
within a certain number of miles, and beyond that
not free. Their circulation beyond that limit, what-
ever it may be, whether it be the county, or a dis-
tance of thirty miles, or the Congressional district,
beyond the free limit it serves to circumscribe the
circulation of the papers, because those residing
only a very short distance further than those who
get their papers free, without any goodfreason that
can be given, in my opinion, are compelled to pay
postage, whilst individuals residing at a nearer
point are not compelled to pay. Believing, as I do,
that all matter that is transmitted through the mail
should contribute to the support of the mail system,
and believing that it will be much nearer right to
v make those residing within a certain number of
miles, or any prescribed limit, contribute a portion
to thesupport of the department, I shall vote against
the amendment, and against the amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. CAMERON. My object in making the
motion, sir, is to benefit the country newspapers.
I do not know whether my own judgment is right
in regard to the proper mode to be puisued in order
to accomplish that object, but 1 have proceeded
according to the requests that I have received from
persons residing in my own State, who are desi-
rous that the class of papers to which I have alluded
should be permitted to circulate for a limited dis-
tance free of postage. In my opinion, it is due to
them that their requests should be complied with.
Weexpend large sums of money-for public schools,
and, having done that, it is equally important that
we should be furnished with facilities lor receiving
information upon political matters, as well as the
current events of the day. I have no fears of dis-
abling the post office to support^ itself, for it is
to my mind a matter of very little consequence
whether the post office support# itself or not, pro-
vided the benefit be given to the people.
It is my opinion, that before many years, the
present post office system will cease to exist; that
its duties will be performed by private enterprise.
I believe that individuals wili, after a while, per-
form the service cheaper and better. But, while
the system dpes last, I am for diffusing its benefits
as much as possible among the people. There
should be a distinction* made between papers that
are published in cities and those published through-
out the country. In the case of the city papers,
they have greater facilities for obtaining intelli-
gence, and are enabled to have their work done at a
cheaper rate. With regard to fixing the limit at
thirty miles, I think it is ample for the purpose
intended, which is to facilitate the diffusion of in-
formation. I know that m some of the new States
sometimes two or three hundred miles intervene
between the places of newspaper publication, but
\\ e cannot piovide for all cases.
Gentlemen talk about the abuse of the franking
• privilege. I am inclined to think that there is
more said upon the subject than is really meant.
Those who make so light of the cost of postage
should be liberal enough'to pay their own. 1 am
willing to serve my constituents without compen-
sation, but if I am obliged to pay postage on all
letters I receive," it would require a very consid-
erable sum to defray the expense. I received yes-
terday not less than one hundied letters. Do you
expect me to pay that out of my eight dollars a
day? I urn convinced that my constituents do not.
There is a great deal said about the franking priv-
ilege,-but those who say the .most about it often
abuse it the most.
The privilege of circulating these papers free, as
I have said befote, has been asked for by intelli-
gent men in my State, i think it is right to grant
it; at all events it can do no harm to the public
service or to the treasury.
Mr. NILES. I would call the attention of the
Senator from Maine to the existing law on the
subject of postage on newspapers. By the present
law, newspapeis not exceeding seventeen hundred'
square inches, which takes m all county news-
papers, are required to pay one cent postage for
any distance within thirty miles, and.a cent and a
half beyond that limit. When the weight of the
paper does not exceed twt> ounces, it is carried at
the uniform rate of one cent. Well, now, it will
be seen, that withm fifty miles I purpos-e to make
a reduction of one-half the rate, and I think that
is a pretty fair compromise between those who
would have them entitdy free and those who
would adhere to the old law. My honoi&blc friend
from Maryland, I believe, is decidedly in favor of
a discrimination.
If I had a doubt upon this subject it would be a
reason with me for tins discrimmatien. Although
it is very difficult to fix upon a principle of strict
right and justice that shall operate equally upon
all, stilj. there may be some propriety in making a
discrimination; but, instead of giving a fiee circu-
lation,! would bring the postage down to the lowest
point—to the minimum chaige—and i educe those
classes of matter which are allowed to go fiee
through the mails. Tins is not a new piinciple m
the law; it was introduced, I think, in 1S45. I
was then decidedly opposed to it, and it has since
been repealed. A distance of thirty miles will
embrace a very large portion of the circulation of
a countiy newspaper. The result will be, that
you will lose that whole source of revenue en-
tirely, and that source of revenue is important. It
is important to the local postmasters, because gen-
tlemen will recollect that this postage is for their
benefit: they receive fifty per cent, upon that de-
scription of postage. All this we will take from
them. Let us not suppose, then, that this opera-
tion will be unimportant. Take Boston, for in-
stance, where the population is dense for thirty
miles around, and railroads running in every di-
rection. If they were permitted to send vast masses
of those publications free of postage into the villages
surrounding Boston, and not small villages either
—some of them containing from thirty to tony
thousand inhabitants—compelling the postmasters
to overhaul them for nothing, it would be imposing
rto small burden upon them. It would never do
at all. Besides, after reducing the rates of postage
generally, as we propose to do in this bill, we can
very ill afford to spare the amount accruing from
this source. It amounts now to some seventy-five
thousand dollars; if you relinquish it altogether,
you may as well throw the department upon the
treasury at once. Theic is one consideration which
deserves attention as legards the postage on news-
papers. Upon letters we have greatly reduccd the
postage, and wc leave the privilege of carrying
newspapers fiee to the enterprise of individuals.
Not so m respect to letters; on them we claim a
monopoly. 1 think, without going further into
this matter, that the committee have gone quite
far enough m the way of reduction.
M-r. ALLEN, i offered a resolution yesterday
asking some information from the Postmaster
General and tin? Secretary of the Navy. And 1 did
so for the purpose of using that information in the
way of argument upon the very point that is made
in the debate to-day. I am in iuvor of the omis-
sion. I am in favor of extending to the local press
and to the readers of the local press of the countiy
this little boon, and I shall not be argued out of it
by being told that there will be some slight defi-
ciency in the income of the Post Office Department
from that source if we pass tins amendment.
I wish to show, sir, how easy it would be to
supply the whole deficiency.by putting an end to
a single one of those contracts for carrying the
mail between New York and Havre. I wish to
show, sir, that we can circulate the local newspa-
pers throughout this Union, free of charge to the
publishers or readers, over an area of thirty miles,
at less cost to the Government than we now pay
for carrying the merchants' letters from the city of *
New York to the city of Havre. I will put the
local circulation*against the external circulation. I
will put the question of communicating with our
own constituents upon matters of thre deepest mo-
ment to them, in contrast in this Senate against
the other system of communication, "which de-
pends upon carrying the letters of a few merchants
between New York and Havre. 1 wish to-show,
sir, that one single mail, carried now under these
contracts with the ocean steamers between one
American port and one European port, costs this
Government more than it would to circulate all the
local newspapers of this Union over an aieaof
thirty miles or sixty miles from the places of their
respective publication. That is what 1 wish to
show; and, sir, I am not to be met successfully
with this argument of economy and retrenchment
in a body which passes acts giving'four hundred
thousand dollars a year for carrying a single mail
between New \ ork and Havre. 1 desire to receive
this inhumation from the departments; for I want
to bring into competition the interior circulation
against the exterior circulation. I wish to test the
question m the Senate whether it is more import-
ant for us to communicate directly with the whole
body of the people at the public expense, or to
communicate as the agents ol a few merchants in
New Yoik with the merchants of one of the cities
upon the continent of Europe. 1 want my inform-
ation officially from the departments, in order to
iiave this thing fully measured. I put the interior
circulation against the exterior circulation. That
is my proposition. I put the communication of
the Government with its own citizens in competi-
tion with the communication of the Government
with subjects residing; in foreign countries. Whilst
these acts stand, whilst this policy is sanctioned,
it behooves us not, sir, in this body, to talk about
the little expense of giving a free circulation to
newspapeis for the benefit of the gieat hulk of the
people and of the public press of this country.
And I have a word to say—if the Senate will in-
dulge me by the passing by of this bill until the
answer comes in from the departments to the res-
olution which I addressed to them—1 have a word
to say upon the political view of this subject. I,
of course, do not speak of party politics—nothing
of the sort—but the political view which I shall
undertake to present to the Senate for their con-
sideration, if the opportunity is given me to leceive
from the department the information asked for in
that resolution. I want to meet the argument of
economy, sir, in regard to carrying the mail.
When this project was up, I opposed It at its very
inception, and I did so in all sincerity, because I
knew that if these contiacts weie made we would
not be able to bring down the postage in the in-
terior.
I think it will appear, when we get the reports
from the departments, that we are paying al>out
one million and a half of dollars per annum for the
transmission of the mails between two or three of
the American ports and two or three of the Euro-
pean ports. Yes, sir, I think the amount will be
between twelve or eighteen hundred thousand dol-
lars perannum, while the diminution which comes
from the interior post office establishment, as made
by the proposition now under discussion, will be
only a hundred or a hundred aad fifty, or at most
two hundred thousand dollars. 1 desire, there-
fore, sir, that this bill shall be passed informally
by until we receive an answer from the Post
Office and Navy Departments to the resolution
which the Senate passed yesterday. I move that
the bill be informally passed by.
Mr. NILES. I shall certainly not press the
further consideration of the hill at this time, if the
Senator desires its postponement for the purpose
of obtaining information which has relation to any
of the mam principles of the bill. But the Senator
has had the benefit of his argument as it is. If he
can make his argument stronger or more specific
by obtaining the information which he says can be
obtained, I certainly will not refuse the Senator
an opportunity to procure it. The Senator lias
made a very triumphant argument. What is u5
