1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
303T
pnving his owner of his use. And if this were so,
Mr. D. thought it was correct to say, that he was
technically taken for a public use; and that ii made
no difference whether the Government actually
used, or whether it hung or banished him.
The question, then, was, whether a slave taken
*for a public use should be paid for? He would
treat the interest which a master had in the labor
of his slave precisely as he would treat an interest
in the labor of a freeman. If an apprentice were
taken from his master, impressed into the public
service, and killed in battle; or if he were hung,
imprisoned, or banished for crime, no compensar
lion was made. So, by the laws of many States,
parents are bound to suppoit their childien; chil-
dren their indigent parents. Here is a legal interest
in the labor of these persons; but claims for com-
pensation in such cases had never been heaid of.
So far, (Mr. D. said,) if he had rightly under-
stood him, he did not differ with the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs.] And now he came
to the question, upon which he desired to make
some suggestions 
Mr, TOOMBS here interposed, and said he had
but little time remaining, and must resume the
floor.
After Mr. T. had concluded—
Mr. DUKR said he should much like to address
the. House on several of the questions involved, or
supposed to be involved, in this case. But he be-
lieved it*to be the general desire that the discussion
should not longer continue, and if that weie so,
he would not interfere with that desire. He had,
therefore, risen for the purpose of moving the pie-
vious question; but before lie did so, as he had
been interrupted in some suggestions he was ma-
king, he would ask the indulgence uf the House
for a few moments.
It was contended, that by the contract of hiring,
the Government was bound to restore this negro
tp his master. Now, if he could think that such
was the contract made by the Government, with-
out any exception or reservation whatever, then
he could not, on that branch of the case, deny the
validity of the claim. But it seemed to him that
there was this fallacy in the argument, that it sup-
posed that the Government, by hiring this negro,
suriendered the right which it possessed to take
h m for a public use—as to hang or banish him fcr
crime. 'Ihe argument, by the distinction it seeks
to make, admits such right; and if such right ex-
isted, it would continue, notwithstanding the hiung,
unless expressly relinquished. The case of an in-
dividual was not analogous, because an individual
possessed no such right. But, to make the case
of an individual analogous, let us suppose that
an individual luring a slave has a contingent inter-
est in him which is to become absolute on the hap-
pening of some event, and that while the hiring
continues such event happens: would the bailee,
theieby become divested of his interest and bound
to restore the slave to the bailor as his (the bailor's)
property? Clearly not, unless when he hired the
slave he expressly relinquished hjs interest m him.
So here, the Government, when it hired this slave,
had the right, upon a certain event, to take him for
their own use; and that right not having been sur-
rendered, continued to exist.
Another technical answer might be given to this
technical argument. The argumentadmits the gen-
eral right to hang or bansh the negro, but in&ists
upon the obligation to dthver him to his master.
♦Suppose himf then, delivered, and the contract at
an end: Government then have the right to take
him—the contract no lorger stands m the way.
What, then, has Pacheco lost? Not his- negro,
but his momentary possession. It is a mere legal
damage, and no actual loss whatever.
Mr. I), wished to be understood that in assum-
ing that the act of General Jesup was authouzed
by law, and binding upon the Government, he did
not mean to be undeistood as expressing his indi-
vidual opinion; but he took in this icspect the
argument of the gentleman from South Carolina,
without disputing it. And his single object had i
been, not to enter into any general argument, but
simply to show that the tact of hiring was an im-
material one, which did not at all aliect the merits
of the case.
Mr. D. then moved the previous question.
Mr. MURPHY asked him to withdraw it.
Mr, DUER declined.
The question-was then taken on the demand for
the previous question, and there was a second.
Mr. HARALSON inquired if it would now be
in order to move that there be a call of the H-ouse ?
The SPEAKER said he thought not, after the
previous question had been seconded ?
Mr. HARALSON suggested that the demand
had not as yet been seconded.
The SPEAKER explained, and stated that a
call of the House would not now be in order.
The main question was then ordered to be taken;
which main question was on the motion to recon-
sider.
After an inquiry from the Chair, by Mr. Hil-
liard, as to the state of the question—
Mr. DICKEY asked the yeas and nays on the
main question, which were oidered.
Mr. WENT WORTH moved that the bill be
laid on the table.
The SPEAKER said the motion was not in
order; the bill having been rejected, was not be-
fore the House.
Mr. WENTWORTH said he would, then, if in
order, move that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The SPEAKER said that motion was in order.
And the question was taken, and decided in the
negative.
So the motion to reconsidcr was not laid on the
table.
The question then recurred and was takfin on
the motion to reconsider the vote by which the-bill
had been rejected, and was decided in the aiiirm-
ative—yeas 98, nays 9:2—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atkinson, JJuuinger, Barrow,
fiedlc, Bcdinger, Budsull, Boeouk, Bulla, Buwhn, bo>u,
Borden, Biad), BmJjjy>, Btodne.id, William G. Brown,
Ciidtles Brown, Albeit G. thown, Buckner, Burt, Cabell,
Chapman, CJapp, Franklin Clark, Bevtjrl> L. cuuKe, Ciing-
maiij Howell Williamson it. VV. Cot>l>, Cocke, (Jus.-
held, Crozier, Cumnmis, Daniel, Donneil, Garnctt Duncan,
Dunn, jFeailn tston, FJuumoy, l-'ieucl), Fulion, Games, Go -
yin, Green, VVillaid P. Hull, Hamilton.", aarulson, Harris,
Hill, HilUaut, Isaac E. Holmes, Gcoige S. Houston, John
VV. Houston, lugu, Cliailes J. Liyeisoil, Anoiew Jolu^on,
Geoige W. Jones, John VV. Jones, Kaufman, Thomas Butler
King, La Ligon, Lumpkin, hynda, JVlaU.ty, iWcUk-r-
iiaiui, MrD.mell, McKa>, McLuue, Jot) Maun, Meade,
Moreliead, iMorte, Muipliy, Meoil, Ouil< w, Pendleton, I'e.v-
ton, i'hidps, I'tWmiy, .Pies-ton, iiKluidsoit, ltieliej, Shep-
pcrii, Stuutou, Slt-pltti)!-, T.iilntadgi;, Taylor,Tltoinas., Jacob
Thomson, Itictuud VV. Thompson, John ii. Thomp-on,
Robert A. Thompson, Toiupkiu>, Toombs, Venable, YViek, 1
Williams, and \\ oodwmd—Ui.
NAYS—Mt'xMrf. Abbott, A^limun, Belcher, Bingham,
Blackmar, Blanchard, Canby, Caiheart, Coil,inter, Collin*,
Conger, Clans-ton, Cioweli, Hailing, inekt-j, bickin&on,
Dixon, Eeicort, Edwaids*, Lmbiee, Nathan Jivans, Faran,
Fdrrelly, Fisher, Freedk'jy Fries, Giddings, Gott, Gieeley,
Gitnnell, Nathan 1C. Hall, James G. Hampton, Mo^es
Hampton, Henlej j Hcniy, Hublumi, Hudson, Hunt, irvin,
Jcnkin*, Janit s 11. Johnson, Kellogg, Kention, Lalun, \\ il-
ium T. Lawience, Sidney Lawifuce, Lincoln, Lord, Ale-
Clellami, Mcilvaine, Hoiacc AJann, .viarsl), Marvin, Miller,
Morris, Mulhn, Nelson, Nets, Newell, Palliey, l'ea-hie,
Peck, Peine, Petut, PoIiock, Putnam, Ke>aohU, Robtn-on,
Uoekhill, Juiiu- Roekweil, John A. lloikweil, Root, Kum-
se\, St. John, Sawyer, Scnencic, Sliernll, Smat t, O.Ut b B.
Smith, Truman Smith, Starkweather, Charles L. Stuart,
Strohin, Tliur&ton, Tuck, Turner, Vinton, Warren, Went-
worth, White, Wlimot, and Wilson—
So the vote was reconsidered.
The bill was thus again bei'ore the House; and
the question being "Shall this bill pussr"— j!
Mr. CABELL moved the previous question. j,
Mr. RUMSEV moved that there be * call of the j)
House. j;
But' the motion was rejected. j
The demand for the previous question was then j'
seconded.
And the main question was ordered to be taken.
Mr. DICKEY asked the yeas and nays iheicon,
which were ordeied.
And the mam question, " Shall this bill pass?"
was then taken, mid decided in the affirmative—
yeas 101, nays 95—as tallows:
YEAS—Meo.lra. Adams, Atkin-on, Barrihger, Barrow,
Beale, Bedingei, Bnd>ull, Bocoek, BoUs, Bowiin, Bo^d,
Bovden, Biady, Budges, Brodhead, William G. Blown,
Charles Biown, Albeit G. Brown, iJucAner, Bnrt, Cdbeil,
Chapman, Clapp, Franklin Clark, Bfveriy L. Claike, Chng-
man, Howell Cobn, Williamson K.W.Cobb, Cocke, Ctts-
fieid, Crozter, Cummins, Daniel, J)onnell, Gamett Duncan,
Dunn, Feaiheitton, Flouinoy, Fn noil, Fulton, Gaines,
Gogum, Given, Wiliard P. Hall, Hainmous, Haial>on, Har-
ris., Hill, till nurd, Uaae E. Holmes, Gt oige S. Houston, John
VV. Houston, luge, (diaries J. Ingcrsoll, Andiew Johnson,
George W. Jones, John VV. Jones, Kautaian, Thomas. Butler
King, La S6re, Levin, Ligon, Lumpkin, Ljnde, Mticlay,
MeClemand, McDowell, McKay, McLane, Job Mann^
Meade, Motehtad, Morse, Murphy, Ntcoll, Outlaw, Pendie-
tnr , Pojton, Phelps, PiUbury, Preston, Khett, Richardson,
Riehev, Sln-pperd, Stanton, Stephens, Talhnadgc, Taylm,
Thomas, James Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Uiehatd VV.
Thompson, John B. Thompson, Robeit A. Thompson,
Tompkins, Toombs, Venable, Wick, Williams, and YVood-
ward—]0i.
NAYS—Mcb ra. Abbott, Ashmun, Belcher, Bingham.
Blackmar, Blanchard,- Canby, Cathcart,' Collamer, Collins,
Conger, Oiariston, Ciowell, Darlings Dickey, Dickinson,
Dixon, Duer, Eckert, Edwards, Emhrte, Nathan Evans,
Faran, Fatrelly, Fisher, Freedley, Fries, Giddmgs, Gott,
Greeley, Gregory, Nathan K. Hail, James G. Hampton,
Mo«es Hampton, Henley, Henry, Hubbard, Hudson, Hunt,
Irvin, Jenkins, James H. Johnson, Kellogg, Kennon, Daniel
!• King, Lahm, William T. Lawrence, Sidney Lawrence,
Lincoln, Loid, McClelland, Me-I)vuine, Hoiaee Mann,
Marsh, Marvin, Miller, Morris, Mulliri, Nolsnri, Nes. New-
ell, Pdlfrcy, I'easlee, Peck, Petrie, Pettit, Pollock, Putnam,
Reynold", Rohiribon, Rocklnll, Julius Hockwtll, John A.
Rockwell. Root, Rumsey, St. John, Sawyer, Schenck,
, teller rill, Smart, Caltb B. Smith, Robert Smith, Truman
| Smith, Starkweather, Charles E. Stuart, Strohin, Thurston,
, Tuck, Turner, Vinton, Warren, YVentwoilh, VVIute, VVli-
inot, and Wilson—S3.
So the bill was passed. . -
The joint resolution (H. R.) for the relief of
Samuel T. Anderson was taken up, read three
times^ and passed.
STATE OF ALABAMA.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, said he believed that
there was no rjuestiun now before the House. If
not, he desired himself to bring a matter before it.
He held in his hand a resolution which he desired
to ofler, which he was satisfied 
[Cries of " Read the resolution.1']
Mr. COBB said the resolution provided that the
Committee of the Whole 011 the state of the Union
be discharged from the consideration of the bill
authorizing the payment of interest upon the ad-
vances made by the State, of Alabama lor the use
of the Government of the United Slates, in the
suppression of Creek Indian hostilities, emd that
| the bill be now taken up and disposed of.
Objection was made.
Mr. COBB asked the unanimous consent of the
House to make a remark. Objected to.
COMPENSATION FOR A SLAVE.
Mr. CLIJNTGMAN moved a reconsideration of
the vote by which the bill for the leiief of the
legal representatives of Antonio Pacheco had bf en
passed. And he moved to lay that motion on the
table. *
The SPEAKER said that it had heretofore been
decided that when a vote had been once reconsid-
ered, no other motion to reconsider could be ntade.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut , moved that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was waived for the present, at the
suggestion of
The SPEAKER, who laid before the House the
following communications, viz:
I. A letter from the Postmaster General, trans-
mitting, in compliance with the second section of
the act of Congress changing the organizatiQn of
the Post Office Department, approved July 2,1836,
specific estimates of the sums of money expected
to be required for the service of that' department
during the fiscal year commencing July 1, 1844;
which was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
II. A letter from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting, in conformity to the acts of Congress of
April 20th, 1818, and August 26th, 1842, and the
resolution of the House of the 13th January, 184G,
a list of the names of the clerks and other persons
employed in all the branches of the War Depart-
ment, other than officers of the army, during the
year 1«48; which was laid upon the table, and
ordeied to be printed.
Bills from the Senate were taken up, read twice,,
and inferred, ?js follows, viz;
An act for the relief of Cadwalader Wallace: re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
An act for the relief of Bryan Callaghan.
BOARD TO SETTLE PRIVATE CLAIMS.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, renewed his
motion;
Which having been agreed to, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Burt, of South Carolina,
in the chair.)
Mr. ROCKWELL moved that the House pro-
ceed to the consideration of the special older, being
(he said) the bill to provide for the settlement of
claims against the United Stales.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, rose to a point of order.
He desired that the resolution of the House by
which the bill had been made a special older might
be read.
The CHAIRMAN. Will the gentleman state
what his point of order is ?
