304
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jail. 19.
Mr. COBB said it was this: that the appropria-
tion bills having been made the special order, and
having the preference over ail other special orders,
it was not in the power of the-Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union to pass them by
and take up any other special business.
Mr. ROCKWELL said that, under the resolu-
tion by which the appropriation billa had been
made the special order, Fridays and Saturdays had
been expressly excepted. The resolution which
had made the bill to provide for the establishment
of a board to settle private claims the special order,
did not except Fridays and Saturdays.
Mr. COBB was .understood to say that he had
never seen the rule, ndr heaid it read, although he
had been informed that such a rule had been adopt-
ed giving preference to the appropriation bills over
all special orders.
Mr. VINTON said that the rule which had been
adopted at the commencement of the present ses- ■
sion was a resolution offered by himself providing j
that no special order should have priority over the
appropriation bills; the effect of which was, that it
was in the power of the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union to take up the appropria-
tion bills instead of a special order.
Mr. COBB. Did not the House make the ap-
propriation bills the special order of the day ?
Mr. VINTON said, yes, Fridays and Saturdays
excepted.
Mr. COBB said, the object he had in view was
this: The committee had been urged on to the ap-
propriation bills, even to the exclusion of debate, in
order that those bills might be passed upon in this
and the other branch of the Capitol. He trusted
that the House would now go on with these bills,
and not lay them aside to take up this or any other
bill.
Mr. ROCKWELL said that the fact was as the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] had stated,
that in the resolution making the appropriation
bills the special orders, Fridays and' Saturdays
were excepted.
Mr. COBB said he would not insist upon the
point of order, but he would ask that a vote be
taken on the motion of the gentleman from Con-
necticut,-[Mr. Rockwell,] to take up the bill to
provide for the settlement of claims against the
United States. He (Mr. C.) hoped that the com-
mittee would proceed to the consideration of the
public business of the country.
The CHAIRMAN said he presumed the gentle-
man was entitled to a vote on this point. i
Mr. ROCKWELL asked for tellers on his mo- j
tion, and Mr. Rockwell and Mr. Pollack were ]
appointed. j
The question was then taken, and decided in the j
affirmative—ayes 70, noes 47. !
So the committee proceeded to the consideration I,
ftf* the bill to piovjde for the settlement of private ;!
claims against theGovernmentof theUnited States.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, availed him- j!
self of the privilege allowed to the chairman of the ([
committee reporting the bill, and addressed the ;i
committee in us support.
He said he was desirous of presenting some con-
siderations to the committee in relation to the bill
which had so long been before them. It was"
agreed on all hands, by every gentleman who had
spoken, that the evils of the present system for
the adjudication of claims against the Government !
were of a most serious character; that here was a |
tribunal of some two hundred and thirty judges !
to pass upon claims, many of them of a strictly j
legal or eqaitaijle character, and that they were j
decided by the majority of the judges without any
examination of the testimony, without any knowl-
edge in relation to the law or the precedents appli-
cable to the particular cases; that one rule applied
when claims were brought by the Government ii
against an individual, and anotherapplied when that :|
individual came to ask justice from Congress; that :!
when the Government had claims against an indi- ;
vidua!, summary process was often issued toen-ii
force those claims, while, on the other hand, so ii
far from summary justice being done when claims i)
were brought by individuals against the Govern- j
ment, it was often the case, even when they had i
been favorably reported on by committee after j
committee, and passed by one House, that they ;
remamed here fifteen, twenty, or twenty-five years |
without receiving the final action of Congress. It !
was agreed on all hands that there could not'pos- j
sibly be a worse tubunal than that which now i
existed for the adjudication of claims of this char-
acter."^
It was objected, however, that the bill now on
their table was not one the best suited to remedy
these e,vils. It might be so. All he asked of the
House* was, if the bill was not the one best suited
for the purpose,that they would alter or amend it,
or adopt a new system which might be deemed
best as a substitute for.the one which now existed.
He must say, that the investigation which had
been had in relation to this matter, and thediscus-
j sion in relation to it, had satisfied him that its main
{ principles were correct, and that it was the only
i bill which could now, or which perhaps ought to
l pass Congress m relation to this vexed question of
I private claims. It was not a new proposition. It
I had occupied the attention of Congress for a great
] many years; nhad had shed upon it'the lights of
i the experience and wisdom of many committees; it
! had been discussed in this House and in the Sen-
| ate, and there had been brought to bear upon it
perhaps us much of the learning and expenence of
Congtess as had ever been conferred upon any
question here.
With regard to the objections which had been
made to the. bill, he should advert to them, and
then to some of the propositions which had been
made as substitutes tor it, in their order.
it had been objected by a number ot gentlemen
—by the gentleman from New York [Mr. Mul-
lin] and the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Fick.-
—that this bill was permanent lu'its character,
or rather that the tribunal which it proposed to
establish was permanent. For his own part, he
very much regretted that it was not in the power
of Congress to make a tribunal of this character
more permanent than it could now be made. It
was impracticable; Congress had not the constitu-
tional power to make n permanent, for two rea-
sons: First, Congiess could at any moment repeal
the law which might now be passed, when tney
thought the system was not working as well us
was anticipated, and of course the board of com-
missioners would fall to the ground, and cease to
act, and the claims would again be brought before
Congress, as they were now, or a new system
might be adopted for their adjudication. Again, it
would be within the power ot the President (and
they could not deprive him of that power) to re-
move the commissioners from office. He should
rejoice if it were possible for them to exercise the
power of making these officers permanent during
good behavior, or for a considerable number of
| years; but it was welt known that they had no
i such power, and that an act of Congress, under-
' taking to limit the power of the President to re-
j move these commissioners, would be perfectly nu-
gatory. He need not refer gentlemen to what was
well known to be the settled principle upon this
subjcct, adopted at the very first session of Con-
gieys, to wit, that the President had the implied
power of removing from office all officers appointed
by him, unless there were some limitation of that
power m the Constitution, as it was well known
there was, in reference to particular officers, iiut
in reference to this point he would state, that the
bill provided that they should be appointed with- :
out limitation, and tnat that was the piovision, i
verbatim et literatim, with iegaid to the appoint- '
ment of the Comptrollers, Auditors, and the van- j
ous officers at the head of the different bureaus in !
the Executive departments. It was also the same i
provision as had been made in every bill which '
had ever been brought belore Congress for'the i
establishment of a board of commissioners to ]
settle pnvate claims. It was an objection which :
struck him as clearly unfounded, because it was
not possible for them to give permanency to tins
board.
With regard to the suggestion which had
been made by gentlemen, ot the propriety of a
limitation of the time duiing which these individ-
uals should hold their office, he had no objections
to adopting them—none whatever—if the House
saw fit; because, although the President would
have the power to remove these officers, the fact
that they were appointed for a limited time might
be some check upon his-exercise of that power.
There were some other points of objection: one
related to a mere question of convenience; and it
was contended that the petitions in relation to these
claims should be presented directly to the board,
and not in the first place to Congress. This sug-
gestion had been made by a number of gentlemen,
for whose opinions he had the highest respect by
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Meade,] by-
two gentlemen from New York, [Messrs. MutLis
and Duer,] and by the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr Fickljn.] It was really a matter of very little
importance, he apprehended, whether the petitions
were presented directly to the board or fast to
Congress. The reason for the provision of thb bill
that they should first be referred to Congress, was*
that there would be pome petitions brought to
Congress after the passage of the bill, and It was
deemed necessary to have some general provision
which would place these petitions in the posses-
sion of the board, and that at once. It would not
involve any trouble, or expense, or delay, to the
claimant; all that he would have to do would be
either m or out of the session of Congress, to file
his petition with the Clerk of the House or the
Secretary of the Senate, and it would be nnmedi-
ately passed over to the board.
But not only would petitions be presented to
Congress, if this bill were passed, wliich would
require some provision of this sort, but there were
many cases in which the papers were now on file,
in one House or the other, and it would require
some provision to take them out of the possesion
of the Secretary of the Senate or the Clerk of the
House, and refer them to this board of commis-
sioners. For this reason, and because thereby
there would be a double check in regard to the loss
of papers, it was deemed desirable by the commit-
tee that they should first be presented to the Clerk
of the House or the Secretary of the Senate, by
whom minutes would be taken, and the papers
then be referred to the board; and after the board
had acted upon them, they would all be returned,
and he in possession of one or the other House of
Congress. He was satisfied, and the committee
in considering that very question were satisfied,
that this was the most advisable course.
It had been suggested by gentlemen that there
should be a solicitor appointed for the especial
purpose. If the House thought it best, he had no
objections to its being done. But before making
it the duty'of the Solicitor of the Treasury to de-
fend the rights of the Government in the cases of
these claims, that officer had been applied to, and
he had said he would he able to discharge fhis duty
in addition to those duties which were at present
devolved upon him. This being the case, he saw
not why another officer should.be appointed. If
the House, however, saw fit to take the other
course, he had no objections; it would not conflict
with the principles ot the bill.
Another objection was, that the claims rejected
by the board should riot come again before Con-
gress. With regard to that, he did not see upon
what principle a rule of that kind should be adopt-
ed. They did not make the decision of the com-
missioners final as against the Government, and
it certainly would be grossly unjust, therefore, to
make it final against the claimant.
Nor did he think the objection valid, that when
adverse decisions were made by the board, those
cases should not come before Congress. Congress
i would act upon them when the cases were tresh
in their minds; and mneteen-twentieths of the ad-
verse decisions would be concurred in by Con-
I gress. There should be an opportunity for revisal
!j by Congress, but the lesult would undoubtedly be
|j as was now the case with reference to adverse
j! reports of the committees of this and of the other
;! House. When bills were reported upon adversely
II by the committees, an inquiry was never made
ij with reference to one-half of them, whether the
] committee had made a mistake, but the adverse
:J reports were almost uniformly concurred in, and
! the subject was laid on the table.
It was objected, again, that the bill did not pro-
i vide, in case where adverse reports had been made
I by the board, and those reports were concurred in
! by Congress, that the claims should not again go
( before the board, In these eases it was impossible
! to prevent petitions, in some instances, again being
brought before Congress; but every one knew,
: when there had been a fair trial of the case before
| a tribunal properly constituted, and that tubunal
had decided against the-claimantupon the acknowl-
| edged principles of justice, that the claimant could
not come to Congress at any subsequent time with
hopes of success. And the proposition was, when
claims of that* kind came up, they should at once
be referred to the commissioners, and that they
needftd not consider it unless there were grounds
