1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
809
of acting as judge upon cases*in which they had
appeared as advocates, would meet the whole
case.
Mr. STRONG inquired what authority Con-
gress had by law to say that members of either j
House had not the right to vote upon certain ques- I
tions which miffht come befoie them?
Mr. HILLIARD replied that he perceived the
■difficulty, and that the true mode of reaching the
case would be to add such a provision to the rales
of the House as he proposed.
He therefore withdrew the amendment,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, (upon a pro
forma amendment,) was understood (referring to
that portion of his amendment which had been
stricken out on motion of Mr. Asiimun) to argue
that it was competent for Congress by law to pre-
scribe certain qualifications for members of Con-
gress, and that it would still remain for the House
to judge and determine the question of qualifica-
tion, as they were now the constituted judges,
under the prescribed qualifications, (as to age,
&c.,) in the Constitution.
Mr. POLLOCK moved to amend the amend-
ment so as to-extend the prohibition proposed to
practise in the Supreme Court of the United States
in any suit wherein the United States is a party.
He contended that jf the restriction was proper
in reference to the board of commissioners, it was
equally so in reference to the Supreme Court.
But he was opposed to the entire proposition, and
was disposed to refer all questions of this kind to
the honor and integrity of members of Congress.
Pie considered the proposition a wholesale reflec-
tion upon them.
Mr. RHETT was understood to inquire of the
gentleman if members of Congress should be al-
lowed to appear as lawyers for "the prosecution of
claims before this board, and afterwards come into
their respective Houses to vote1as judges upon the
eame claims r
Mr. POLLOCK replied, if there was not integ-
rity enough in gentlemen in this House or in the
ether to act as honest men, he would leave to their
constituents to settle the matter with them.
He withdrew the amendment to the amend-
ment.
Mr. ROCKWELL moved to amend the amend-
ment by striking out that portion which relates to
holding counsel with any member of the board
with a view to influence him.
As to the first part of the amendment, he said
he did not think that any member of Congress
would think of practising as a lawyer before the
board. To that part of the amendment, however,
he should not object. As to the other part, it im-
plied that such an occurrence might take place; and
he did not think it possible, with reference either
to the board or the member.
The amendment of Mr. Rockwell was rejected.
And the amendment of Mr. Woodward was
agreed to—ayes 101, noes not heard.
Mr. BRIDGES offered the following amend-
ment, which was rejected:
Section 1st, in the 7th line, after the word u Sen-
ate," add: " one of whom shall be styled president !
of the board, and the other two associate commis- I
sioners." !
The second section of the bill being under con- j
sideration, in the words following:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That claims against the ■
United States shall,*as heretofoic, be piesented to, and .sot- :
tied by, the proper accounting officers; and if, upon any 1
such settlement, the claimant shall be dissatisfied, he may ;
appeal to the board of commissioner herein constitute d, '
and the proper officer shall l.iv befoie the board al! papers
and facts on which he acted, with his decwion in the case.
And m all cases where the subject-matter ot the claim is
by Jaw cognizable by any of the offkeis of the Treasury l)e- '
partment, or other officers of the United States, it shall be ;
the duty of the claimant first to make application to such
officer or officers lor the settlement of his. claim; and the >
said claimant shall not be entitled to have his claim exam- :
ined or acted upon by the caid board, unless it shall have I
been so presented and acted upon a-> aloiesaid, unless said !
boaid shall he satisfied that there has been unreasonable 1
-delay on the part of the proper officers in the consideration i
and decision of said claim. I
Mr. KAUFMAN moved to strike out the words |
€i unless said board shall be satisfied that there has ;
been unreasonable delay on the part of the proper i
officers in the consideration and decision of said <
claim." j
Mr. K. urged the adoption of this amendment |
as a salutary restriction upon the board. j
The question was taken, and the vote stood— j
ayes 51, noes 46. j
But no quorum voted.
The roll was then culled over, and the committee
rose, and the Chairman reported the names of the
absentees to the House. x
A quotum having appeared—
The committee resumed its session.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, (on a pro
forma amendment,) sustained the pending: amend-
j ment, and argued that the board should not be
| allowed to pass upon the question whether the
I accounting officers of the Executive Departments
j acted upon claims before them without "unreason-
| able delay."
| The amendment of Mr. Kaufman was agreed U).
i A conversation arose upon a pro forma amend-
i ment, between Messrs. THOMPSON, of Penn-
sylvania, and STRONG, in which Mr. T. was
understood to express the opinion, that appeals
from the Commissioner of Pensions should not go
before the board of commissioners; and Mr. S. to
hold that there was quite as gieat ^necessity m
these, as in any cases, that the claims should'un-
derg^o the examination of the hoard.
On motion of Mr. STEPHENS, the committee
i rose.
! Mr. VENABLE moved that the House adjourn,
j Mr. PUTNAM called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered; and the
motion having been agreed to—
The House adjourned,
PETITIONS.
The following petitions were presented under the rule
and referred:
By Mr. MILLER: The petition of citizens of Marion
county, m the State of Ohio, praying for a reduction of
postage, &tc.
By Mr. BLAOKMAR: The petition of tho widow and
heirs of Dr. Henry Perrme, asking an extension of the act
of 1841, granting them a township of land in Florida, under
certain restrictions.
By Air. EVANS, of Ohio: The petition of 101 citizens of
1 Muskingum county. Ohio, for an amendment of the law
fixing the mileage of membeisof Congress.
By Mr. HALL, of New York: The^petition of 105 legal
voters of the city of Buffalo, in favor of cheap postage.
Aho, the petition of William Wilkeson and others, citizens
of Buffalo, New York, pra>ing for uniform and cheap post-
age, and tiie entire abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. STARK WE AT U ER: The petition of Peter Shutes
and otheift, piaying foi a p.-n^ion.
By Mi. liYNDE: The petition of Guy fftaughtrm, M. B.
Edson, and others, citizens of Rock countv, Wisconsin,
piaying for the establishment of a mail route from Janes-
ville, in Rock county, by the Indian foid on Rock liver, to
Columbus, m Columbia county.
By Mi. PALFREY: The petition of p p. Warriner and
187 othui's, of Nortii YVilbiah.im, Massachusetts, pra\tng
Congress tn prevent the evten^ion of shivery, to withdraw
the protection of Government from the Ametican slave
ttade, and to suppress slavery wherever Congress has com-
petent jurisdiction.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 22, 1849.
The VICE PRESID ENT laid before the Senate
the following communication from the Treasury
Department:
Tre vsury Department, Jan. 19, 1849.
Sir: f have the honoi herewith to submit a copy of a
communication fiomtbe Commissionerofthe General Land
Office, under date of the 17th instant, enclosing a synopsis
ot the report of Dr. G. T. Jackson, on Hie geological survey
made by htm of the mineral lanrN in Michigan, and respect-
fully request that the synopsis may be punted with the (Jom-
imssionei's annua! report.
1 have the honor to be, very leppeetfuhv, your obedient
servant, ' P. J.'WALKER,
Secret an; of the Trcasunj.
Hon. G. 51. Dallas, Vice President U S.
and President oj the Senate.
On motion, it was ordered that the document lie
on the trtble.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate the following;:
Treasury Department, Jan. 20, 1849.
Siu: I have the honor to transmit a report fiom the Itegi-:-
ter oi the Tiea^urv, containing the ^tati-ment of the com-
merce and navigation of the United States fur the la>t fiscal
year, prepared as tequired by tin' act of the 10th .February,
1830. I have the honor to be, *ir, your obedient servant, *
R. J. WALKER,
Secretin it of the lycasurij.
Hon. G. M. Dallas, Vice Present U. fi.
and .President of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. DIX, it was ordered, that
5,500 additional copies be printed, 500 of which
for the use of the Treasury Department.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a communication from the Navy Depart-
ment, in compliance with a resolution of the 18th
instant, calling for contracts for transmission of the
mail to foreign countries in steamships; which was
ordered to bo printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a communication from the Mayor'of the
city of Brooklyn, New York, with a resolution of
the Common Council of that city, recommending*
Brooklyn as a more desirable location than the
city of New York for a brunch mint; which was
ordered to be printed.
SLAVERY IN THE TERRITORIES.
Mr. DIX presented resolutions passed by the
Legislature of the State of New York, which were
read as follows:
Whereas the people of the Plate of New Mexico have pe-
titioned Congress lor the establishment ot a terntorial cov-
eminent which shall protect, them n<j,nn<-t the m&tuution of
domestic slaveiy while they remain a T< r«itor.v of the Uni-
ted States; and have also petitioned Congress for protection
against the unfounded claims of the fcrtare of Texas to a laige
portion of their territory lying ea^-t of th<5 Rio Grande; and
wheieac it would be unjust to the people of New Mexico
and California, and revolting to the spun of the ape, to per-
mit domestic slaveiy—an institution fiom which they are
now free—to be introduced anion? fiicm; arid whei^as,
since the acquisition of New Mexico by the United States,
the people rbeieof have a light to expect the protection of
the General Government, and should be seemed in the full
possession and enjoyment of their territory: Therefore,
Resolved, (if the Assembly concur,) That our Senators in
Conines? be instructed, andom Representatives-" in Congress
be requested, to use their best efforts to procure the parage
of laws for tho establishment of governments tor the territory
acquired by the late treaty of peace with Mexico; and that,
by Mich laws', involuntary servitude, except for crime, be
excluded from such territories.
Resolved, (if the Assembly concur) That the territory
Iving between the Nueces and the Rio Grande, and that por-
tioif of New Mexico lym« east of the Rio Gifu.de, are the
common property of the United States, and that onr Sen-
ator^ in Conaress be instructed, and our Representatives in
Congress he requested, to use their best efforts to preserve
t«nme as such common propeity, and protect it from the
unrounded claims of the State ot Texas, and prohibit the
.e.\tcn>ion over it of the laws of Texas, or the institution of
domestic slavery.
Resolved, (if the Assembly concur,) That the existence of
prisons for the confinement, and marts for ttoe sale of slaves,
at the seat of the National Government, is viewed by this
Legislature with deep regret and mortification, and that
such prisons and marts ought forthwith to be abolished.
0Resolved, (if tho Assembly concur,) That our Senators in
Congress be instructed, and our Representatives in Congress
he requested, to use their strenuous efforts to procure tho
passage of a Taw that shall protect slaves from unjust im-
prisonment, and fchall effectually put an end to the slave
trade m the District of Columbia.
Resolved, (if the Assembly concur,) That the, Governor be
requested to forwaid copies of the foi cooing resolutions to
eaeli of our Senators and Representatives ln'Congiess.
Ry Older of the Senate:
A. H. CALHOUN, Clerk of the Senate.
In Assembly, January 6, 1849.
Resolvedt That the Assembly do concur in the above reso-
lutions. By order:
PHILANDERS. FUINDLE, Clerk,
Mr. DIX. moved that the resolutions lie upon
the table.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, I hope the gentle-
man will withdraw his motion for a moment, as I
would prefer that the resolutions should be referred
to the Judiciary Committee, as they involve some
questions of considerable importance.
Mr. DIX. 1 would prefer that the usual course
should bo adopted. 1 believe that resolutions
passed by State Legislates and sent here have
never heen referred to a committee.
PRESIDING OFFICER. A motion to lay on
the table is not debatable. *
Mr. RUSK. I would make a further appeal to
the Senator from New York 
PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is not
debatable.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Dix; which was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, I move that the
resolutions be printed, in order that I may have an
opportunity to say a few words in relation to this
subject. 1 believe I have a right to make that
motion.
Mr. DIX. If the Senator from Texas will per-
mit me, I will make that motion.
The motion was so received.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, I shall vote for tho
prinfin^of iheseiesolutions; and I desired that they
should be referred to the Judiciary Committee.
The Legislature of New York is a body of tho
highest respectability, and they take, nt onre,
jurisdiction of the slavery question—a question
which is likely to agitate this Union from one end
to the other—and dispose of it in n most prompt
and summary manner. I do not intend to ques-
tion their jurisdiction as to that question; but, sir,
I question here, and the State of Texas will ques-
tion elsewhere, and I think p;operly, the jarii--
diction taken by the Le^ibUuufj of the Suie of
