310
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 22,
New York to,dispose of her boundary—to take
jurisdiction of a matter which is a question of
sovereignty. For, if it is once conceded that the
respectable Legislature of the sovereign State of
New York can fix the boundaries of Texas at all,
she may fix them where she chooses; she may
pronounce the Sabine to be the western boundary
of Texas, and thus'anmhilate her altogether.
The territory which the Legislature of New York
claim for the EJnited States, and thus summarily
dispose of, withoutany knowledge of the facts, has
cost the State of Texas a ten years' war, and it has
cost her the loss of the lives of hundreds of her
most brave and valuable citizens. Her title to that
territory has been acquired by such an outlay of
treasure and blood*, and I-am piepared here, if this
Congress shall say they have jurisdiction over the
adjustment of this question, to make it clear and
manifest that the* Rio Grande is her boundary, to
any unprejudiced mind that is disposed to do jus-
tice and act fairly towards one of the soveieign
Sttrtes of this Union. I am prepared to do this at
all times; but I would have preferred that the hon-
orable Legislature of the State of New York—how-
ever patriotic and well-intentioned the motives
•which actuated them to grasp this jurisdiction
■which they are so anxious to assume to themselves !
—should have left the boundary of the State of
Texas to go to a jurisdiction already acknowledged.
"What right has t^e State of New York or her
Legislature—whatever may be their purposes—to
determine upon the boundary of Texas? None
upon the face of the earth. The claim of Texas to
all the territory up to the Rio Grande rests uponj^s
solid foundations, upon as clear and direct prifr*
ples, as does the .claim of New York to her own
boundary. And it is a claim, sir, which will never
be surrendered. Texas may not have the power to j
maintain her boundary. She maintained it upon a ;
former occasion, and she then risked her all to :
maintain it; and her people know that it is their
ri^ht, that it belongs to them, that ithas cost bloodj
and they will only surrender it with the surrender
of their existence as a sovereign State of this Union.
Mr. YULEE. Mr. President, 1 desire to say
a single word in relation to the course I shall pur-
sue on the motion of the honorable Senator from
Texas. I shall vote against the motion to print, j
I am aware, sir,* that it has been a usual mark \
of respect manifested by the Senate towards the
States of this Union, to teceive and print the reso-
lutions passed by their Legislatures, and perhaps
there may not be a single instance in which a mo-
tion to print resolutions emanating from one of the
sovereign Stales of this Union has been refused.
1 shall feel myself constrained, however, to cast
my votengainst the motion to print, for the reason
that these resolutions are upon their /ace an insult
to fifteen of the sovereign States of this Union.
They are insulting, not in the inferences to be
drawn, but in the very language employed. The
preamble to the lesoluttons declares that " it would
4 be unjust to the people of New Mexico and Cal-
* ifornm, and revolting to ihe spuit of the age, to
* permitdomesficslavery,an institution from which
* they are now free, to be introduced among them."
It is declared to he^revoltmg to the spirit of the
age to admit an institution which exists legally
in fifteen of the associated States of this Union.
Now, without making the comment which my
feelings would induce upon tins high indignity
and insult ofleied by the State of New York to
her southern associates, I shall content myself by
testifying my own sense of that indignity, by re-
fusing to extend to New Yoik the ordinary cour-
tesy of punting the resolutions passed by her
Legislature.
Mr. DICKINSON. Mr. President, I will merely
say that the Senator from Florida will, if he ad- '
beics to his expressed determination, do what I '
appiehend has never been done before—that is, lie :
will vote against the printing of the resolutions of n
a sovereign Stale. 'j
If we enter into the discussionof the various reso- ij
lutious thut conic here from the various States of
this Union, and undertake to criticise the opinions
expressed in these resolutions, and vote upon their
reception and printing according to our own no-
tions ot light and wrong, or our own prejudices, we
shall ceitamly enter upon a held which has not
heretofore been cultivated by this body. I regret
exceedingly to hear the Senator from Florida, who
is so strenuous m his advocacy of the doctrine of
btate rights, say that he will vote against printing
the resolutions of a sovereign State. We want
them, printed for our own accommodation and lor
our own convenience; and, besides, it is an act of
courtesy which has never been denied, so far as 1
know, to any State.
it is w'-ll known what my sentiments are upon
this miserable question of slavery, and how widely
they differ from those of the great majority of the
New York Legislature. But they have passed
resolutions, as other States have done and are in
the habit of doing, and they should be treated in
the same manner. I have heretofore voted to turn
this question out of doors whenever it has come
here, and whoever watches my cuurse hereafter
will perceive that it will be in strict accordance
with my pievious career. But m tnis case is in-
volved the light of the State to be heard through
her Legisiatuie. She is clearly entitled to that
right, and whether siie speaks sound doctrine or
unsound doctrine—the doctrine of the North, the
South, the -East, or the West—her resolutions
should be treated with that respect to which a sov-
ereign State is entitled. That body is not amena-
ble to us, nor, as a body, are we amenable to them.
They express their opinions, we ours, and each
stands or falls upon its own acts.
I hope this question will not be discussed in this
form. No good can possibly anse from it, and
much evil always comes Irom one section of the
country assaulting the other. The North assaults
the South, and the South assaults the Noith, and
thus a penurious sectional irritation is kept up,
when, if each' section would treat the other kindly,
and in a manner such as is due from the inhabit-
ants of one portion of this Republic to their brethren
living m another portion uf it, they would soon
learn that the great masses of the people do not
entertain such diverse opinions and desiies in re-
lation to these gieat questions as has been lepie-
sented.
1 recollect very well that the distinguished Sen-
ator from South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,] (who,
I regiet, is not now m his seat,) when some of
the most ultra abolition resolutions were presented
here a few years ago, and which it was proposed
should not be printed, arose at once in his place,
and, strong as his opposition to such doctrine is,
remarked that they weie the resolutions of a sov-
ereign State, and entitled to respect as such, and
to be treated with the accustomed courtesy. That
is all that I desire in this case. I have my own
opinions on the doctrines sought to be inculcated in
these resolutions, but it does not become my posi-
tion nor the occasion to state what those opinions
are. 1 only ask that these resolutions may be
tioated as all resolutions emanating Irom sovereign
Stales ha\e been tieated, and as custom a#d cour-
tesy demand.
Mr. FOOTE. I shall vote m favor of the reso-
lution to print for several reasons, which 1 will
concisely state. First, though as decidedly disap-
proving the doctrine contained in the resolutions
m question as any member of this body, yet, as
they have emanated from a State sovereignty of
this Confederacy, 1 consider them specially enti-
tled to respect at our hands as members of a body
exclusively representing State sovereignties, and
acting here, on ali occasions, only as agents of
these sovereignties. 2d. 1 understand that the
usages of the Senate require that such lesolutions,
when offered here, should be printed. 3d. 1 shall
vote for the printing, because, although these reso-
lutions are highly objectionable both in doctrine
and spnit, 1 do not believe that the printing pro-
posed can be productive of any detriment tQ*the
Republic, inasmuch as " thcicis no danger in error,
if truth be left free to combat it." 4th. I shall
vote for printing, because 1 believe it will be better
even for the States whose institutions are designed
to be assailed, if we send within their limits, as
early as possible, an authenticated copy of resolu-
tions intended to opeiate with deadly effect upon
their most vital interests, in the words of a revo-
lutionary orator, i think it better that we should
enable our constituents "■ to know the worst, and
to provide for it." 5th. In a doubtful case 1 should
be induced to vote for printing resolutions from
the Legislature of the State of New York, some-
what from the lespect which I feel for her patriotic
achievements of the olden time, and somewhat also
from the high personal respect which I feel for
those gentlemen who represent her on this floor.
Mr. DiX. 1 should have said nothing, sir, in
relation to these resolutions but for the remarks of
the Senator from Florida; but feel myself bound
m view of the remniks made by him, that these
resolutions are insulting to the other States, to see
what they are. 3 have been four years a member
of this body, and i have never before heard the
printing of a resolution passed by the Legislature
of a State objected to. These resolutions have
been ordered to be printed by the House of Repte-
sentatives, and they have been generally circulated
by the newspaper press. The object cannot be
then, to suppress their publication: it is undoubtedly
to keep them from the Journal, and thereby offer
an indignity to the State of New Yoik; and under
this view of the subject I feel called on to make
some remarks in reference to them. 1 will read
them seriatwii that I may see what they are, and I
will begin with the preamble;
" YVheieas. the people of tlie Sute of New Mexico have
petitioned (Jongiess lor the f^faMi^hment ot a tetntoual
government which shall proteetthem «igaw«t the uisiuuttou
ot domestic slavery while they lemam aTcmtoiy of the
United States; ami have also pctHiomd Cmijjresd lor pio-
teetiou against the unfounded chunk? ot the State of Texas
to a large pottioii oi their temtory Jyn g cast of the Ru>
Giande: and when asu would he uuju.-i to the people ot"
New Mexico and Cahlornta, and revolting to the spirit of
the age, to peunit domestic slaver)—au institution from
vvhieh they are now tree—to be introduced tlierti:
,nnd whereas, tince the acquisition of New Mexico bj the
Kmted State*, the people then-of have a right to expeet the
protection of the General Government, and .-liould lie been red
in the full posses-sion and enjoyment or their Territory i
Therefore—"
Now, sir, there is no original matter in this pre-
amble, with the exception of the sentiment that it
would be revolting to the spirit of the age to ex-
tend domestic slavery to those, or permit it to be
extended among those, who are now free from it;
all the rest, is a mere recital of the petition pre-
sented to this body from the people of New Mex-
ico by the honorable Senator from Missouri, [Mr,
Benton], 1 do not propose to inquire how tar it
expresses the opinions or the wishes of the people
of New Mexico; when the subject comes fdixly
before us, 1 have no doubt the Senator who hew
the petition.in charge will be prepared to show
that it_is a fair index of the wishes of the people
of that Territory. But the resolutions of the
Legislature of the State of New Yoik have noth-
ing to do with that. They take the proceedings
of Congiess as they find them, this petition being
a part of them; and they have recited it as one of
the moving causes to the expression of opinion
they have made.
Now, i have said that there is no original mat-
tei in this pieamble except the sentiment that it
would be revolting to the spirit of the age to ex-
tend domestic slavery. It contains nothing but a
repetition of what has been reiterated in resolu-
tions and m speeches upon this subject, here and
elsewhere, since the question of slavery, as con-
nected with the Territories of New Mexico and
California, has been agitated. It is a sentiment to
winch the people of the whole North have re-
sponded—ali the non-slaveholding States—and no
responsibility can rest upon the Legislature of
New Yoik which does not equally apply to the
people and the Legislatures of the other non-slave-
hoidmg States. But I pass by the preanfble, and
proceed to the first resolution. It is this;
" Resolved, (if the -Assembly concur,) That oar Senators
in Congicfts b^mstiuetcd, and our Iltpresentativoa m Oon-
giess be leqnestedj to use then be t dibits to procure the
pa-saw of laws lor the ecUhhshment ot governments for
tne terntory aequned by the late treaty oi peace with Mex-
ico; and that, by such laws, involuntary servitude, except
for ci.ine, be excluded from bueh terutuueb."
Resolutions almost in the same words have
been passed by fifteen States out of-the thirty
States of this Confederacy. All the non-slave-
holdmg States but one, and one of the slavehold-
ing States, have declaied themselves opposed to
the further extension of slavery. As far as I am
concerned, I concur entirely in the declaration
contained in this first resolution. 1 believe that
Congress has the power to prohibit slavery in
New Mexico and California, and that it ought to
exercise that power now. I am for acting on ali
occasions, when the proper time for action arrives.
1 am opposed to any course which shall cast upon
otheis the responsibility which properly belongs
to ourselves.
This resolution looks to the exclusion of slavery
from those Territories during their territorial con-
dition; but it does not look beyond that condition
for the purpose of controlling or influencing in any
manner the people of those Territories when they
shall ask admission into the Union as a State. It-
