1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
an
contemplates no invasion of State sovereignty; and
in this View of the subject, one of the newspapers,
I notice, which has uniformly opposed all inter-
ference by Congress with slavery in the Territo-
ries of the United States, pronounces these resolu-
tions conciliatory in their character. I do not
know whether I should call them conciliatory or
the reverse. They take firmly the ground upon
which New York has always stood, that slavery
shall by no act of hers be further extended. She
believes it to be the ground of principle, of justice,
and right. And she never will abandon it—never.
Now I will read the second resolution:
" Resolved, (if the Assembly concur,) That the territory
lying between the Nueces and the Rio Giande.and tli.it por-
tion of New Mexico l>in<? ea*t of the Km Grande, aie the
common propeity of the United States, and that our Sena-
tors m Congress be installed, and our Representatives in
Congress bo requested, to u*e their het-t efforts to preserve
the !-ame as such common propeitv, and protect tt from the
unfounded claims of the State of Texa->, and prohibit the
extension over it of the law is of Texas, or the institution of
domestic slavery."
In respect to this resolution, I have only to say
that it expresses the opinion of a large majority of
the members of the Legislature of New York. I
believe that the Democratic members of the Le-
gislature generally voted against this resolution.
When the subject comes up I shall listen with at-
tention to what the Senator from Texas has to say
upon the subject: but, sir, as an expression of the
opinions of the-Legislature of the State of New
York, this resolution will receive my respectful
consideration. The last resolution, with the ex-
ception of the resolution of instruction, which is
intended to carry out the objcct of the others, is in
these words:
" Resolved, (if the Assembly concur,,) That our Senators
in Congress be instructed, and our Representatives in Con-
gress be requested, to use their stmiuous etioits to piocuro
the passage of a law that shall piotcct slaves fiom unjust
nnpnsonment, and shall effectually put an end to the slave
trade m the District of Columbia."
Now, this resolution embodies the opinions of
the members of the Legislature in respect to the
traffic in slaves which is said to exist in this Dis-
trict—a subject which has engaged the attention
of the people of the United States somewhat ex-
pensively, and which on a former occasion has en-
gaged the attention of the people of this District.
There is in this resolution nothing which contem-
plates an interference with rights of property in
this District. It does not propose abolition, but it
condemns a traffic which is carried on, and which
may be suppressed without any interference with
the tenure of slaves by the inhabitants of the Dis-
trict—a traffic which might have been suppressed
long ago had the District continued to be a part
of Maryland. Mr. President, this is a matter
which concerns the people of the whole Union.
As the scat of the National Government, we all
have an interest in it. Nothing which relates
to the honor or prosperity of the District is alien
to us. The people of Maine have as much in-
terest, and are as fully empowered to express
their opinions upon local concerns which belong
to this District, as the people of Louisiana. It is
under this view of the subject that the Legisla-
ture of New York has passed the resolution that
I have just read. They believe the traffic in slaves
here under the shadow of this Capitol to be wrong.
They believe that it ought to be discontinued, and
they have said so in this resolution. That is all.
'In expressing their opinion, they have done it in
respectful language. They have not used terms
half as significant as have been used by the inhab-
itants of the District themselves. I understand
that in 1802, forty-six years ago, this traffic was
presented by the.^grand jury of the city of Alex-
andria as a grievance which ought to be abated.
John Randolph, of Roanoke, in 1816, introduced
a resolution to inquire whether such traffic existed.
He pronounced it to be illegal and inhuman, and
the object of his resolution was, to adopt the ne-
cessary measures for its suppression. I under-
stand, too. that the inhabitants of this city have
presented it as a grievance before their judicial
tiibunal, and that the court replied that there was
no authority to interfere, without an act of Con-
gress. Mr. President, this is not all. I have a
petition here, or a memorial from the inhabitants
of the District of Columbia to Congress, praying
for the gradual abolition of slavery. This memo-
rial was presented in 1828, arid I will read it for
the purpose of showing that the resolution of the
Legislature of New York, which is pronounced to
be insulting, has not gone so far as the resolution
of the inhabitants of the District:
Vo the konomb'e the Senate and Home of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled:
We, the undersigned, citizens of the counties of Wash-
ington ami Alexandiia. m the Diistuct of Columbia, beg
Jeave to call the attention of youi honorable body to an
evil of seuous magnitude, which greatly impairs the pros-
peitiy and happiness of tins Distnct, and ca^ts the reproach
ofmcon&istency upon the tree institutions established among
1: us.
[! Wlule the laws of the United State* denounce the foieign
[ | slave trade as piracy, and punish with death those who are
ji found engaged mils perpetration, there e.vists m this Dis-
11 triet, the seat ol the National Government, a domestic slave
[' trade, scarcely less disgraceful in its character, and even
!, more demoralizing in its influence. For this is not, like
jl the former, carried" on against a barbarous nation; Us vie-
i; tuns ate reared up anion" the people of thi  country, edu-
! cateii tn the precepts ot the same inigion, and imbu< d with
similar domestic attachments.
li These people are, without their consent, torn from their
homes; husband and wife are frequently populated, and sold
|| into distant parts; children are taken fiom then parents
li without rcaani to the ties of nature, and the ino-st endearing
|j bonds, of affection are bioken foievtr.
jj Nor i  this traliic confined to tlio^e who arc legally slaves
i; foi life. Some who are entitled to fiecdom, and many who
have a limited time to serve, are sold into unconditional
slavtry, and, owing to the defectiveness ot our law.-., they
aieyeneially earned outo« the Distuct before the liecessaiy
steps ean be taken toi then release.
We behold the^e scenes continually taking place among
us. and lament our inability tn prevent them. The people
ot this District have, within themselves, no means ol legis-
lative iedres>">; and we, theieloie, <ippe.il to join honorable
body a* the only one invested by the American Constitution
with the power to relieve us.
Nor is it only from the rapacity of slave traders that the
colored race hi this Distnct aie doomed to suiter. E\en the
law* which govern u-* sanction and duct, in certain cases,
a procedure that we believe is unparalleled in glaiing injus-
tice by anything at piesent known among the Governments
of Christendom. An instance of the opeiatioa of thoc laws,
which occuried duung the last sumiuei, we will briefly
:: relate.
ji A colored man, who fetated that he was entitled to free-
11 dom, was taken up as a runaway slave, and lodged in the
jail ot Washington city. He was advertised, but no one ap-
|j pearing to claim him, he was hccoiding to law, put up at
'] public auction, t'oi the payment ot his jail ft cs, and hold as
i a slave for hie 1 lie was purchased by a slave-nader, who
J wib not required to give security (or Ins remaining in the
I District, and he was soon attei shipped at Alexandiia fur
j one ot the southern State*-. An attempt was made !>y s-ome
1 benevolent individual* to have the tale postponed unul his
| claim to freedom could be investigated, but then ettoit* were
' unavailing; and ihus wa«> a huuiau b  im  wold into petpet-
' na! bondage, at the capital of the freest Government on
eaith, without even a pietenee of trial, or an allegation of
; crime.
1 W« bluMi for our country while we lelate this disgraceful
transaction, and we would lain conceal lttrom the world,
did not Us \eiy enoinnty inspire us with the hope that it will
rou^e the philanthropist and ihe patriot to e.\eition. We
have no hesitation m believing your honoiable body never
intended that this odious law should he enlorced; it was
adopted with the old code ot Maryland, from which, we be-
lieve, it ha? been expunged since this' District was ceded to
theGoneial Government.
The fact of us having been so recently executed shows
the neces-ity of this subject being investigated by a power
which we confidently hope will be ready to correct it.
We are aware ot the difficulties that would attend any
attempt to relieve us from these grievances by usiuldm eman-
cipation of the slaves m this District, and we would, there-
fore, be far from recommending so rash a measure. But the
course pur-ued by many of the States of this Comederacy,
that have happily succeeded in relieving them^Ive^ from a
similar burden, together with the bright example which has
been set us by the South American republics, prove*, mo-U
conclusively, that a course ot gradual emancipation; to coin-
memo at fcOine fixed period, and to tike effect onty upon
those who may thereafter be bom or removed into the Dis-
trict, might be pursued without detriment to the present pro-
prietors, and would greatly tedouud to the prosperity and
honor of our country.
The existence among u«s ot a distinct cla--s of people, who,
by their condition us slaves, are deprived ot ulmiht evuy
incentive tourtue and mdn-tiy, and shut out liom many
of the sources oi light and knowledge, has an evident tend-
ency to conupt, the moials or the people, and to damp the
spnitofenn rpusc, by accu-toming the rising generation to
look with contempt upon honest labor, and to depend for
support too much uoon the labor ot Miiei*. If prevents a
useful and indubious class of people from settling among
u^, by reiuh 11112 tiie nivalis of subsistence moie piecarions
to the laboring class of whites.
Jt diminishes the ie-omces of the community, bv throwing
the earnings ot the poor into the coffers of the rich; thus
rendering the foimer dependent, seivile, and impiovident,
while the latter are tempted to become,tn the same propor-
tion. luxunott-, and prodigal.
That the-^e dit-astious results flow from the existence of
slavery among u> is sufficiently conspicuous., when we c on-
ti.istthe langui-inng condition or this District and the sur-
rounding country with the prosperity ot those paits of the
Union wliicn are le-^s favored m point of climate and loca-
tion, but blessed with a free and imiustihms population.
We would, theictore, respectfully pray that the-e griev-
ances nia> claim the attention of your honorable body, and
that a law of Congress may foe enacted, declaring that all
children of slaves born m the District ol Columbia after the
4 th day of Jul), 18-2S, shall be fieeut the age Of twenty-five
years; and that those laws wlvch authon/e the selling of
supposed runawajs for the;r prison fees or maintenance may
be repealed.
And, also, that law's* may be enacted to prevent slaves
from being removed into this Distiict, or brought in forsale,
j hire, or transpoitation; without, however, preventing mem 
j bersof Congress, resident strangers, or travelers, from bring-
1 ingand taking away with them their domestic servants.
j This, sir, is a petition of the inhabitants of the
j Distiict of Columbia. It was signed by one thou-
! sand and sixty persons: I counted the names, and
| believe that is the correct number. It contains the
! names of some of the most respectable inhabitants
| of the District. For instance, Judge Cranch, who
j is at the head of the judiciary of the District; Jon-
I athan Elhofc; and J. P. Van Ness, the largest prop-
: erty owner m the District. There are many other
i names equally respectable; names well known to
| many of us, but, as 1 have not the names of the
j signers before me, I can only instance those which
i occur to my recollection.
Now, sir, this petition goes much further than
the New York resolutions. It not only asks for
the suppression of the traffic in slaves, but it asks
for the abolition of slavery in this District. It is
much stronger language to pronounce the traffic
disgraceful m its character and demoralizing' in its
influence than the language recited to the Senate in
the New York resolutions. The people of this
District have done all in their power to rid them-
selves of an evil which they believed—as this me-
morial states—to affect their good name and their
prosperity. They have exonerated themselves
from all responsibility on account of it. They
ha\e thrown the responsibility upon Congress,
considering that it has the power to act m the
premises. That is a question that I do not propose
to touch; but the State of New York, one of the
sovereign-States of this Union, has ventured, in
respectful language—in terms far less significant
than those expressed by the people of the District
of Columbia—to divest itself of any responsibility
in the matter; that is all.
If the Legislature of the State of New York,
then, m presenting these resolutions, merits any
reproach on account of this expression of senti-
ment, gentlemen suiely must perceive a far heavier
burden of reproach falls upon the inhabitants of
this District, who not only asked for the abolition
of slavery, but in regard to the traffic expressed
their opinion in very strong and emphatic terms.
Mr. President, I have felt it necessary, in reply
to the suggestion that has been made by the Sen-
ator from Florida, to make these remarks. I regret
to have been under the necessity of saying one
word upon this subject. I came to this Chamber
from a sick room—almost fiorri a sick bed—and I
never was le^s disposed in my life than I am now
to enter into a discussion or controversy upon this
or any other subject. But I will not sit in silence
and listen to imputations upon the Legislature of
the State 1 have the honor to represent which I
consider to be wholly uncalled for. With these re-
marks, I leave the question to the consideration of
the Senate.
JVlr. MASON. I do not concur, Mr. President,
in the objections which have been made by the
honorable Senator from Florida to the printing of
this resolution. The lespect which I bear to him,
and the alliance which exists between us, as alike"
representatives of the great invests of the South
which are involved in this question, render it dis-
agreeable to my feelings to differ from him. But,
sir, I hold that, whenever one of the States of this
Confederacy addresses the Senate of the United
States, she has a right to be heard. And if the
constituted autnorities of the State of New York
assume to speak the language of their people in
teims that are contumelious or insulting to other
eomeduated States, we can do no more here than
remit them back to then* own people, to whom
alone this Legislature is responsible, and by whose
judgment is to be decided the propriety of their en-
actments. Sir, it becomes us, the Senate of the
United States, to extend every courtesy and re-
spect—formal and substantial—to the States of the
Confederacy when addresses are presented here
by their constituted bodies; and therefore I shall
certainly vote for the printing of these resolutions.
There is another reason why I desire the print-
ing of these resolutions. 1 desire that these reso-
lutions, uod all others of kindred stock, which
come from States where slavery now no longer
exibts, should be reported to the southern States
in the language in which they are uttered. It is
time, sir, that we understand each other. Noth-
ing should besuppiessed—nothing. If they speak
of the domestic institutions of other sister States
