316
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 22,
I
h;
animosity. It is only by the feelings of good fel-
lowship, brotherly love, the sense of a common
glory in-the achievement of our national independ-
ence, and common brotherhood, that this Union
can be bound together; for it was upon these senti-
ments that it was first founded. But go on, until
by continued and increasing aggression on one part,
and opposition and retaliation on the other, you
■change ihat feeling into enmity and bitter hate, and
you need not then talk about a dissolution of the
IJnion, for all that is desirable and lovely in the
Union will have been already dissolved. Let them
go on amf take the sixteen sets of resolutions to
■which the gentleman from New York has alluded
and put them down upon your table, and then take
fourteen sets of resolutions from the other side,
equally denunciatory with the first, and place them
side by side, and you need never more talk of the
dissolution of the Union, for the vital union will
have been in effect already dissolved.
If, then, the progress of this feeling is to be
stopped, have we not a right to expect of our !
friends from the North that they will desist from
this course? Have we not a right to expect them
to pause and reflect upon the difficulties to which
we are tending, if possibly they be may be shunned?
I hope they will, and that all these evils will be
^t averted. I hope that that good sense which
as thus far characterized the history of this Gov-
ernment will prevail over all adverse influences,
a-nd that the country will be saved from the fearful
consequences of the dangers which have threat-
ened its peace and prosperity.
The people of the South are as much attached to
the Union as any. They have shown their devo-
tion to it in every form. They feel as great love
for it at this time as they have ever felt. They
Jove the Union. All their associations are con-
nected with it. All their wishes are connected
with it. They know no other feeling towards it.
They contiibuted as much as any other section to
the acquisition of independence, and they have as
much to be proud of in its glory and m its pros-
perity as any other and every other section of the
Union. If they destroy it, they will love it still,
and deeply lament the necessity for its destruction.
And if the North, while they express their love
for it, will do nothing to show their disregard
for it, it will be in no danger of destruction. But,
sir, dear as the Union is to the South, if it is
to be preserved only as a name, and a means of
inequality and extortion, and not as a means for
prom<Hfting the harmony and common good of the
country, if dissolution must be submitted to rather
than suffer continued wrong, we shall repent as
long and deeply as any other section, and we shall
take care that the facts go down to history that the
blows which destroyed it came not from us.
We shall wait long and patiently, as long as
there is any hope that reason and remonstrance
and patient trust and appeals to the sympathies of
the brethren of our common country can prevail;
but when, at length, all hope dies out, and our last
effort to preserve the integrity of this Union has
been refused, with still further aggression and
irtsult, and the dire necessity for dissolution has
come, we will write it down upon the page of his-
tory, and the world shall read it, that it was not
by the action of the South that this Union was
dissolved; that it was not by their unfaithfulness
to the spirit of that Constitution which their revo-
lutionary sires framed for the common good of all,
and their aggressions, that this fair tree of liberty
was blasted; but fiom the gradual, constant, and
determined purpose of the North to deprive them
of some of then* great constitutional privileges.
I hope, Mr. Piesident, that those in the other
quarter of the Union will pause and reflect upon
this matter. I hope that they will conclude with
me that all these assaults come from themselves,
and that this matter is not in our hands but in
theirs. I hope they will bear in mind that the
course of proceedings which they have gone on
with for the last few years cannot be otherwise
than dangerous to the perpetuity of the Union. If
it is a fact that slavery is so odious that the people
of the North cannot longer remain with us, as true
men, as men of honor, let them say so at once,
arid separate peaceably, and pursue their ways
quietly and unmolested, and not remain with us,
reaping nearly all the advantages of the institution,
and bestowing upon us all the blame.
We should suffer greatly, no doubt, by the sep-
aration, but we should go on as well as we could.
What 1 abject to is, giving all the benefits of this ;
glorious Union to one quarter of the country, and I
nut reaping any of them ourselves. I came here ;
to act m a spirit of conciliation. I have always ,
acted, and shall always act m relation to this sub-
ject, in & spirit of conciliation. j
There was a bill connected with this subject, '
which was made the special order for to-day, that ^
i hoped would throw oil upon the troubled waters.
1 hoped that the bill offered by the Senator from |
Illinois, which was made the special order for to-
day, would have been taken up, and that some
plan would be adopted by which this vexed ques-
tion would have been forever put to rest.
How unpiopitious! How unfoitunatc! At the
very moment when that bill should have been
taken up as the order of the day, this debate has
thrown obstacles in its way, and has called up this
firebrand, which, I fear, will kindle a flame that it
will take long to quench. This question at this
hour is no longer what it was at twelve o'clock
tins morning, i think that alL impartial men must
perceive that there must be a pause in the conduct
of the people on one side of this question, or that
it will be impossible to compromise it; that we
can come to no suitable and safe conclusion while
the spirit of hostility and aggression is proceeded
with.
1 conclude, then, by saying that I know that it
is just and proper that the utmost latitude should
be given to a State legislature in passing resolu-
tions. 1 suppose that scarcely any gentleman will
vote against the printing of these resolutions; but
I cannot vote for printing them, because I believe
they contain assertions put forth as undoubted
facts, which I do not consider to be true, and to
which we would give authonty by priming them.
For this reason I must vote against the motion to ,
punt.
Mr. BADGER. I move that this subject be
passed by for the present.
| Mr. FOOTE. 1 hope the Senator will allow me,
before he makes that motion, to say a few words
I m explanation of what I said in the earlier pait of
this debate.
Mr. BADGER. There are some other memo-
rials, I believe, to be presented, and this debate
seems likely to be prolonged to the exclusion of ;
all other business. 1
Mr. FOOTE. I had the honor of expressing |
my views upon this question at an early period of
the debate; and I should not have said anything m
addiuon to what has already fallen from me but
for the fact that several very worthy gentlemen,
representing, like myself, southern members of this
Confederacy, have felt bound to state their dissent
from the opinions advanced by me relative to the
propriety of printing these resolutions. Sir, if I
regarded the question before us as one at all involv-
ing the merits of the New York resolutions, I
should certainly vote against printing them. But
1 do not understand that by printing them we at
all make ourselves responsible either fur the doc-
trinal views asserted in them, or for the statement
of facts which they contain. To both the doctrine
and the narrative of facts I am as decidedly opposed
as any one in this body. And i am sure that the
unsoundness of the one and the entire falsehood of
the other have been both made sufficiently mani-
fest in the progress of this discussion.
Sir, though I deem the debate somewhat unsea-
sonable, and lament that it has given rise to what
I must regard as uncalled-for excitement, yet am I
far, very far, from undertaking to criticise gentle-
men who have conscientiously differed with me
on the subject. If I differ with any of my south-
ern friends who have spoken in opposition to the
printing, I hope they will rccognizc it as a dif-
ference among friends and brethren. Sir, I know
that in regard to the positions asserted m these
resolutions, there is no difference in opinion
among those who represent southern States on
this floor; and whenever a suitable occasion shall
arise—whenever it shall become necessary to de-
fend the institutions of the South from unjust,
illiberal, and unprincipled assailment—I hope I
shall not be behind any one, here or elsewhere, in
rushing to the rescue. I hope I may say, without
any immodesty or egotism, that i have on stfme
occasions shown a just and proper indignation at
the employment of language here and the assertion
of doctrines which 1 deem both insulting to the
South and dangerous to the Union. Perhaps I
might add that, on one or two occasions, I have
been even provoked into language of retaliatory de-
nunciation, which, though richly deserved by those
who called it forth, was of a nature somewhat
violative of the laws of good taste and Senatorial
comity; language which, though fully justified
by the offensive conduct to which it was? applied
I might some time since, from feelings of self-res-
pectjand a sentiment of profound regard for the dig-
nity of this body, have sought occasion to dulcify
and ameliorate, but for the unintermitted assaults
tof a corrupt and Vandatic press, whose organs I
knew stood ready to accuse me of co>venno- be-
fore their violence, if I ventured upon a formal
apology. However ternpeiate I may be inclined
to be on this occasion, and however averse to en-
tering upon the discussion of questions which are
in my judgment, not legitimately before us, I trust
that no one here or elsewhere, who is at al! conver-
sant with my character and attributes, will doubt
my doing all that my energies may at any time en-
able me to accomplish m defence and in vindica-
tion of southern institutions, whenJfer I may have
reason to regard them as involvea in danger or
threatened with the smallest injury.
Mr. NILES. I have a few words to say in
reference to some remarks made by my honorable
fnend from Florida and my honorable friend from
Louisiana, who seem to be agitated with the ut-
most fear of a speedy dissolution of this Union.
I am happy to inform my friends that their appre-
hension is entirely unfounded; that it is entirely a
mistake to suppose that there is any such combi-
nation in existence in the northern States for the
destruction of this Union, as the Senator from
Florida seems to suppose.
Mr. YCJLEE. What i referred to was the ex-
istence of combinations against the South and
against southern interests.
Mr. NILES. There are no such combinations,
or at least, if there are any, they are so inconsid-
erable as to be unworthy of serious attention here
or elsewhere. The Senator from Louisiana also
discovers great danger in the North to the exist-
ence of southern institutions; and he cited a fact
in proof of hostility on the part of the North where
a claim to fugitive slaves had been preferred, and
the master had failed to recover his property, be-
ing opposed by the authorities of the State. I
believe he is mistaken on this point. I recently
saw a communication in a newspaper stating that
very heavy damages were recovered against some
half dozen persons for aiding the escape of fugitive
slaves—the very slaves to which the Senator has
referred. The Senator contends that the clause in
th%Constitution which provides for the restoration
of fugitive slaves must have been virtually abroga-
ted. There is no such state of the law, or of public
opinion, as the gentleman has stated. For one, I
have always been disposed to give full and free
effect to that provision ir> the Constitution. 1 know -
it has not been abrogated, and never can be.
Mr. DOWNS. I will ask the Senator whether
the rights of the South have not been trampled
( under foot by the northern States ?
| Mr. NILES. I do not know whether the rights
i of the South have been violated. I know that this
| provision in the Constitution has not been abro-
j gated, nor can it be. The gentleman supposes
I that this Union is in great danger, and that that
; danger proceeds from the North. I had thought
j that there never was a time when public sentiment
| at the North was sounder than it is at this rao-
! ment; that there never wa3 a time when the pco-
I pie were more cautious to respect the rights of all
! the States. The mere fact that a question has
! been raised which is considered by some as an
! interference with a similar matter in some of the
j States, is not to be taken as a test decisive of an
i intention on the part of the North to destroy south-
| ern interests. Though gentlemen may confound
, this question with the question of slavery in the
! United States, nothing can be more distinct. We
j believe it to be our duty to discountenance in
I every form any idea of the right or propriety of
j interfering with this question. This is the posi-
: lion that 1 have occupied here. But the Senator
! says that the people of the North are preparing the
i flame which is to destroy the Union. Sir, what
; I have done or said has been done or said from the
j most deliberate consideration, and although I am,
' not involved in any way with this question, yet
I have maintained doctrines directly opposite to
those which the Senator attribute to us of the
North. I have believed that we might, by extending
