318
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 22,
should have taken out process in the first instance,
in order to bring him before the tribunal. Whether
the judge derided right or otherwise, perhaps it is
hardly becoming me or the Senate to discuss.
Sufficient for my purpose, however, is the fact,
that the law in the State of New York is not as
the Senator supposes, and the tribunals execute
the law as it exists, and have interposed no obsta-
cle in the way of the recovery of tho just rights of
any individual.
Mr. DOWNS. I am very glad to hear the Sen-
ator from Connecticut so confidently assert that he
, considers the Union in no danger, f am glad to
hear it, because I believe that Senator to be sincere
in what he states. I believe that whatever that
Senator tells us he believes in all sincerity. The
Union is in no danger, and will be in no danger,
if aggression be abstained from, if the current of
aggression ceases. And when I hear it so emphati-
cally stated that there is no danger, I hail the dec-
laration as a good omen that the waters will become
pacified, that the agitation will not be continued.
If this should be the case, then I have no doubt
the Union will be preserved. But I rose chiefly
to slate why I think the reply of the gentleman to
that part of my argument which went to prove
that the provision of the Constitution about re-
claiming fugitive slaves has virtually been abro-
gated, has failed of its .purpose. It is true, that
in the case alluded to in Michigan, an action was
maintained for damages m money, but whether
the question of damages applied to the individual
or to the property he had lost, was not clcarly
stated: if I mistake not, the property was entirely
lost to him. And what does the trial for damages
amount to? I would like to be informed by the
Senator from Kentucky whether it is within his
knowledge that the gentleman has ever realized
anything from the verdict?
Mr. UNDER WOpD. I hate no information
that the money has been recovered.
Mr. FELCH. I understand the gentleman to
inqune whether any compensation has been ob-
tained for the slaves. I will state one thing in re-
gard to this matter. It was the subject of remark
here at the last session, and in some instances
remarks were made that I thought were uncalled
for,-tending to throw opprobrium upon citizens
and upon the tribunals before which the case was
brought. As I understand the case, it is not as
has been stated by the Senator from South Caro-
lina. It was not'a case involving a question of
personal abuse or injury.
Mr. BUTLER. It was simply an action for
trespass.
Mr. FELCH. It was an action of trespass on
the case, in which certain gentlemen from Ken-
tucky claimed that they were entitled to compen-
sation for the loss of slaves. They alleged that
their slaves had escaped into Michigan, and that
having pursued then* there, a mob assembled and
rescued the slaves, and earned them away, and
that the parties against whom the action was
brought were present aiding and abetting in the
abduction of the slaves, and upon that principle
they claimed compensation. The first trial was
had before Justice McLean, and upon that trial a
verdict would have been rendered in accordance
with the provisions of the Constitution in reference
to fugitive slaves if any verdict had been rendered
at all-, but at that time the jury did not agree upon
a verdict. Eleven of the jurors were m favor of
finding for the plaintiffs the value of the slaves,
and one svas opposed. At a subsequent trial, a
verdict was rendered for the value of the slaves.
In both instances the charge of the judge was in
accordancc with the constitutional provision, Jus-
tice McLean presiding upon the former trial, but
not upon the latter; and 1 will remark further, that
no hesitancy or doubt was entertained by the jury,
no difficulty arose, so far as i know of, upon the
abstract question of the right to recover; but it was
a case of complicated facts, a case in which intel-
ligent jurymen might disagree m relation to the
facts; but m regard to the question of law, as to
whether the provision of the Constitution should
be lecognized, theie never was a doubt, so far as I
know, m the minds of .the jury, or in the nimd of
the judge.
In reference to the inquiry of the Senator,
whether the judgment has been paid or not, I do
not know; but this I will say, 1 know the persons
who were defendants, and 1 know a verdict against
them, whether for two thousand or twenty thou-
sand dollars, can be collected at any time. Whether
the parties are satisfied with the decision or not—
whether there is to be a review of the case, I can-
not say; but whatever the verdict may be finally,
that vfi'dict can be enforced. Now, if the Senator
-will allow me a single word, I will say that I am
not aware that I myself, or any other Senator fiom
the North to whom the Senator from South Caro-
lina has referred, nor any northern man, has
shown any such sensitiveness on the subject as
would prevent a careful examination of this ques-
tion of the recovery of fugitive slaves; and I believe
that this case is one of the strongest evidences of
it that can be given, and that southern men may
rest assured that not only are th£ courts opened to
them and ready to take cognizance of their com-
plaint, but, in point of fact, there is no place where
a freer investigation can be had, and a more entire
willingness is at all times manifested that the prin-
ciples of justice and law should be maintained,
xlnd. I would remark further, that this is the first
case that has been tried in any of the'eourts of the
northern States in which this principle has been
involved; and if anything were wanting to show
the existence of a right feeling on the subject, i
would point to this case as conclusive proof that'
in the North justice is open to every citizen of the
South, and as accessible as in his own State.
Mr. BUTLER. I have before me the express
provision of the law in regard to this subject, as
it exists in some of the States, and 1 will take the
liberty of reading it. I cannot speak particularly
j as to the laws of all the States, and I shall appeal
> to the Senator from Pennsylvania presently, for
| they have some laws in that State that are quite
1 as strong as those in Massachusetts, I have no
i doubt. [Mr. Butler read the provision he re-
- ferred to from the act of the Legislature of Massa-
chusetts.]
j Now, m reference to the other States 
Mr. BALDWIN, (interposing.) If the Senator
! will allow me, 1 will be glad to set him right in
I regard to the law in Connecticut.
; Mr. BUTLER. Certainly^ sir. Whatever the
: Senator states to be the law there, I have no doubt
i will be entirely correct.
Mr. BALDWIN. The Senate must be aware
that a few years ago, anterior to the decision of
the Supreme Court of the United States in the case
of against the Commonwealth of Penn-
sylvania, it was the prevailing opinion in the
northern States that the Constitution imposed it as
a duty upon the several Slates to make provision
for the surrender of fugitives from servitude in the
slave States, and that laws were made in several
of the States accoidmg to their own views of pro-
priety and justice, as well in reference to the secu-
rity of those in whose behalf the duty was imposed,
as in regard to the security of their own citizens,
who might be endangered in the execution of the
law. The State of Connecticut passed a law for
the purpose of carrying into effect her obligations,
as she understood them, under the .Constitution
of the United States, containing provisions which
were deemed just, as well m reference to the inter-
ests of the people of the siavehoiding States as to
those of the citizens of the State of Connecticut.
After the passage of that law, sir, the question
arose in the Supreme Court of the United States,
and it was then decided, contrary to the prevailing
impression at the North, that the duty imposed
by the Constitution was a duty imposed not on
the State Governments, but on the Government of
the United States—that it was the duty of Con-
gress, and the exclusive duty of Congress, to
make all needful regulations foi the purpose of
I carrying into effect that clause of the Constitution
1 of the United Stales. Yielding to this opinion of
' the Supreme Couit of the United States, that State
legislation was wrong upon this subject, that it
| was interfenng with a duty pertaining exclusively
: to the Government of the United States, the Le-
gislature of Connecticut repealed the law which
i had before subsisted on her statute book for the
performance of this State duty. And she went
I further: feeling that the act of Congress, which
i confeis upon the magistrates of the State having
| exclusive jurisdiction in'the State of Connecticut
1 only to the amount of seven dollars, the power of
deciding definitively upon the great question of
I peisonat liberty—feeling, 1 say, this to be an im-
j proper delegation of power, one for which the
j magistrates of the State of Connecticut were not
i selected, that State deemed^t her duty not only to
repeal the law by which she had provided adequate
and proper tribunals for the purpose of fulfilling
what she had before supposed to be her duty in
that behalf, but she also passed a law prohibiting
those magistrates, appointed by State authority for
a totally different duty, from exercising the power
conferred by Congress. They felt, sir, that indi-
viduals ought not to be exposed to have their
liberty taken away from them at the will of a
magistrate, by the mere certificate of a magistrate
to whom the law of the State of Connecticut per-
mitted e-xclusive jurisdiction in ordinary transac-
tions between man and man, to the amount only
of seven dollars. They felt, sir, that the magis-
trates of the State, who were clothed with author-
ity for such a purpose, and who deceived their
appointments from the State Governments, ought
not to be permitted to continue the performance of
this duty thus conferred upon them by act of Con-
gress; a duty for which they were not appointed
by the State, a duty for the due^^erformance of
which they owed no responsibihyto the Govern-
ment of the State.
Mr. DOWNS. If the gentleman will pardon
me, I yielded the floor only for an explanation.
Mr. BALDWIN. I have stated all thut I de-
sired to state m regard to the history of the legis-
lation of Connecticut upon this subject. I think
the Senator from South Carolina is mistaken in
one respect, in supposing that there is any penalty
attached to the exercise of jurisdiction by these
magistrates. 'It is simply forbidden, but I think
there is no penalty in the law which forbids the
exercise of jurisdiction.
Mr. BUTLER. It is precisely as I stated. The
enactments of the State Legislatures are not all
alike, but they are all based upon the same prin-
ciple; tlte purport and tenor of all of them are the
same; they all contain a prohibition. I do not un-
dertake to state precisely what those laws are; but
all the States at the North, having once laws ex-
pressly providing for the apprehension of slaves,
have repealed those laws, and, in many instances,
have imposed penalties upon their State officers for
doing the very thing which they were once com-
manded to do.
PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from
Louisiana has not yielded the floor.
Mr. BUTLER. The Senator will excuse me;
I will no longer interrupt him.
Mr. DOWNS. I do not undertake to argue that
the law of that State literally went to the point of
rendering null the provision of the Constitution, but
I maintain that its practical effect amounted to that,
and several Senators of the free States have changed
their opinions materially in regard to it. I am glad
to hear the explanation that has been given by the
Senator from Michigan,showing that the provoca-
tion was not so great as some of us suppose it was.
I am very glad to hear all that. I hope I shall hear
similar things from otherquarters; butl willaskthe
Senator if it is not well known that, at Detroit and
other places along the border, there are persons,
whites and blacks, who make it their business to
assist slaves in passing over into Canada? This is
what I understand, and this, of itself, if nothing
else, is, I consider, making a nullity of the provis-
ion of the Constitution. But now the Senator from
New York says that the court in New York enter-
tained an application of this kind. That case, if I
mistake not, was dismissed without being acted
upon; and, had I anticipated this debate, I should
have been prepared to show under what circum-
stances it was dismissed. But I thought there was
something more offensive in the proceedings of the
court than is represented to have taken place by
the gentleman. He suggests, as the reason whythe
couit did noi entertain the case, that the arrest had
been made without authority from the pioper tri-
bunal. I was under the impression that the provis-
ion of the Constitution gave to the owner of the
slave a right to exercise the power of arresting his
slave, but I am reminded that it has been decided
by the Supreme Court recently that it is not in the
power of the owner to arrest his own slave.
The gentleman has mentioned some instances
where courts have entertained suits against par-
ties assisting slaves to escape; but I ask if the gen-
tleman knows any case in which the action has
been based exclusively upon the instrumentality of
the party in aiding the slave to escape? I know of
none, and I know that the feeling m the South is
so strong, the conviction is so strong of the inter-
ference within the free States of individuals aiding
