' 1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
319
the escape of slaves, that when a slave makes his
escape beyond the bounds of the slave States he is
given up, because if the master pursues him he
risks his life—he risks more than the slave is
worth 1 will mention an instance in point: A
gentleman arrived at Buffalo with his body servant,
a slave, who, as a matter of choice, desired to re-
main with his master, but he was not permitted to
do so. Immediately upon his arrival he was sur-
rounded by a crowd of persons, by whom he was
taken away, and kept away from his master. So
strong was ins desire to letuni, that he wrote to
his master stating that he wanted to get back. The
mastei appealed to the civil authorities. They told
him, Oh yes, the law authorizes you to get pos-
session of your slave; but we would advise you
to take no steps in the matter, because if you get
the decision of the court, the mob will not permit
your slave to be restored to you, or if he is, they
will again deprive you of him. Does this not
show, as I have said, that the feeling on the part
of the North is altogether changed from what it
was, and which almost amounts of itself to a dis-
solution of the Union? There is one other point
to which the gentleman alluded to which I wish to
advert. The gentleman insinuates that this ques-
tion of slavery between the North and the South is
not so difficult ol adjustment; that there are those
in the South who will rise up and sustain the acts
of the North. Does the gentleman pietend to hold
out the idea that any man m the South will justify
' the outrages which have been commuted upon then-
rights? He certainly knows but little of the South
if he supposes it. Does he mean to assume that,
there is a man in the South who would sanction
the proposition that slavery shall be prohibited in
the Territories? If he relies upon that hope as the
only means of getting out of our dirliculties, 1 tell
him again that he is igikomng without his host.
1 think that the proposition has been clearly made
.out that the provision of the Constitution is m
effeet annulled.
Mr. METCALFE. The debate which we have
had here to-day upon this subject, sir, reminded
me of cetiain questions that have been maue and
propounded to myself. Tne question has been,
Tell us, do teil us, where Kentucky will go when
this Union is dissolved? Will she untie with the
South, or will she unite with the Noith? Where,
oh, where will Kentucky be found? I confess
that on this subject 1 have had some difficulty in
my own mind; but I have settled down fixedly
upon this conclusion, that Kentucky will neither
unite with the South nor with the North, assouth-
. crn and noithern divisions. I had the honor, on a
former occasion, to tell you somewhat of what 1
believe to be the views, the feelings, and the wishes
of Kentucky as it regards this great question.
There are, sir, too many ties; the ligaments are
too strong; her interests themselves would be too
strong, were it not for the other numerous Ues
which band the whole of us together. Kentucky,
in one sense, will unite, it is true, with the North,
with an indissoluble grasp, never, never to be sun-
dered; while, on the other hand, occupying the
central position she does, she will unite, with ari
equal tenacity of grasp, when she can take hold of
the hand of her southern brethren.
Mr. President, i regret to say—for I concur en-
tirely with the Senator liom Connecticut upon this
subject, that this Union was never stronger than
it is now; the gieat interests are, perhaps, stronger
now than they have ever been before; besides, oh!
the generation thus instrumental in dissolving this
Union will occupy the darkest page in the history
of future generations—I confess that 1 often regret
to hear even an intimation of .anything like a dis-
solution of the Union on the floor of the Senate of
this countiy. At a time like tins, when the thrones
are totteung and Jailing from beneath the monarch*
of the whole civilized world—at a moment when
they are looking to this Confederacy as the bright
resplendent polar star of human libei ty, and the
different nations of Europe are endeavoring to
shape their governments so as to imitate our own,
let it not go forth to Euiope, nor to any part of the
civilized lace of manKiud, that this Union is in
any danger. In danger! Wherefore in danger? Be-
cause we will print, or we will not print, such a
resolution as that upon your table?
Kut, Mr. President, it is late, and I did not rise
to detain you, and but for the fact that i happened
at present to occupy a peculiar position in this
country, I should not now have uttered a word.
Disunion! Of alf the periods in the history of this
country, this is the last that ought to be talked of
for such a thing. Why was such a thoughtenter-
tained?. Let our motto ever be, Union now, and
union forever. I confess that I have felt some ap-
prehension when I saw so much territory about to
be added to this Union. I thought there might be
danger then; that we were stretching out our arms
too far beyond the proper reach; but when we take
into consideration that, at the very same time we
are doing this thing, the world is in such a state of
progiess as to her travel and transportation that
the most distant bounds ate thereby brought, as it
were, near together; when we take all these things
into consideration, we, 1 think, need not fear the
consequences. At least, for one, no matter what
have been my sentiments, I think I shall represent
fairly the condition of my State and the feeling of
her people when I say that she will be found among
the last to falter, and among the first to endeavor
to hold the Union together, no matter where its
limits may extend.
The question being taken on the motion to print,
it was decided—yeas 45, nays (J—as follows:
TEAS -Mentis. Allen, Ateln-on, Atheitoii, Badger, Bald-
win, Jtiell, 13 cm ton, Heruen, BiddLuuy, Bieese, Build, Cam-
eiou, Claike, Claj ion, Coi win, D.ivi* ot AJa-faehUMstts, D.t.v-
ton. Dickinson, i.)odge ot iowa, Douyia-, Fck-h, i/iix.-
gerald, Foote, Gteene, Il.imlin, Ilous-ton, iiunter, Johnson
or Maryland, Johnson oi Louisiana, Joiint-on ot G. oigia,
Jones*, king,Ma-.on, Ali.tealt<', Miller,Nile--, LVaiee, Phcips,
itu-k, Scb.t&uau, Spiuanee, Tamey, Undeiv\\,od, and Up-
ham—45
AAYcS—Messrs. Borland, Davis ot Mississippi, Downs,
Fitzpatnck, Ilunuegan, and Yulee—
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, announcing that the said House had
passed the Senate-bill authorizing the payment of
interest upon the advances made by the State of
Alabama, for the use of the United States Gov-
ernment, in the suppression of the Creek Indian
hostilities of 1836—*37 in Alabama, with an amend-
ment.
On motion of Mr. KING, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of the saiii< bill, when the
amendment uy the House was concurred in.
ADMISSION OF CALIFORNIA.
Mr. FOOTE gave notice of his intention to offer
the following amendment when Mr. Douglas's
bill for the admission of California into the Union
came up:
Sec. 4. kindle itjuithvi en<uted, That all the lonianiing
terntoiv acquired by ihe United Status undei file >aid tr< ai)
ol peace with Hie Republic ol Alt .\ieu, not couuhk d within
the limits; ot the Stale oi Cahioima, a* delineated Ileum,
(heietolore known Ao the piovniee oi New .vjeuco,) shall
be, and the same, with the inhabitants tnureot, i* heteby,
(provided tiie consent oi the Statu olTuxae can be heiealtei
obtained to tins atrau;>ement.) placed under tile conhol and
junsdietion ol the Government and laws of the said State oi
J'exaj-, an an integral part theieof, suljet t m all lespecb to
the tenn&containea in thi-join! lesolunun ulier b> featd State
of Texas was. admitted into the Union, reining to the
United States all rights of propeity in me public domain,
and other property coded to the United States m the &ai<i
tieaty of peace with the Republic ot AJc.ueo, in all that por-
tion of the sain Territory hoieby made pait of tiie State ot
Texa-, winch may be u&cei tamed hen.alter, by actual sur-
vey oi otheivvise, not to he included within the present
bouiidanes of the s^a.d State of Texas, ftee from taxes, as-
sessments oi eveiy kind by the State ol Texas, together with
the right oi <h pi>bingot tiie same, and the light to adjust all
claim's and titles tolands domed horn toieign Government-,
in such mannci a.- Con^ieas shiili hoi caller pioenbe.
Mr. TUIlNliY also gave notice, that when the
bill came up, he should likewise mine to amend
the lull by striking out all after the w ords " United
fcSttites," in the third line of the ftis>t Motion, to the
word " shall," 111 the twelfth line, and insert the
following:
Acquin'il fiom the Republic of Mc.vico bytliu maty con-
eluded Februaiv '2. 18lis, winch lies vvtst of tne bUmtuil oi
the Siena Nevada and ttocky Mountain.-.
SPANISH BRIG RESTAUitADOR.
On motion uf Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
the Senate proceeded to consider, as m (Joimmltee
of the Whole, House bill tor Mia jeiief ot the
owners of the Spanish brig Restauiador; and, the
bill having been explained by Air. J., and no
amendment having been proposed, it was ordered
to be read a thud time, and was subsequently read
a third time and passed.
On motion, tiie Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January ^2, 1849.
The Journal ofSaturday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER presented the petition of John
Pierce, jr., late professor of mathematics in the
navy of the XJnited States; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion of Mr. PRESTON, (the-rules having
been suspended for the purpose,) it was
Resolved, That House bill No. 685, " to c&tahhsh a terri-
tonal government oi Uppei California," and House bill No.
711,^ " to establish the territoual government of New Mex-
co," be made the special oidcr tor Tuesday, the oOth mst.,
and that they be eontniued lioin clay to day the special or-
der, fc'iidaysj and Satuiday* excepted, until they are disposed
ol.
On motion of Mr. HARM ANSON, (the raks
having been suspended for that purpose,) it was
Rcsjlucd, That House hill No.tilU, "to aid the Slate of
Louisiana in reclaiming the swamp lands," be made the
special order f« r to-moirovv, and continue noni day today
until disposed of.
CALIFORNIA AND MEW MEXICO.
Mr. HiLLlARD asked the general consent of
the House to allow him to introduce two bills, of
which he had given notice, iri order, lie said, to
refer them to a committee. He would move Unit
they be referred to a select committee of nine mem-
bers.
The bills were read by their titles, as follows:
A bill to authorize the people of that portion of the
territory of the United States which was acquired
by the treaty of peace, friendship, limits, and set-
tlement with the Republic of Mexico, concluded
Kebiuary 2, 18-18, known as California, to form a
constitution and State government, and toi the ad-
mission of such State into the Union on an equal
footing with the original States; and,
A bill respecting the limits of the estate of Texa?,
and that portion ot the terntory of the United States
which was acquired by the late treaty with Mexico,
known as New Mexico.
Mr. PETT1T objected to the reception of the
bills.
Mr. MILLIARD moved that the rules be sus-
pended for their reception; and on that motion he
demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. McCLERNAND asked that the. bills be
read.
The SPEAKER said, the question being on the
motion to suspend the rules, the bills could not he
read, except by general consent, or by a vote of
the House.
Mr. HILLIARD withdrew the Remand for the
yeas and nays.
Mr, PETT1T and several other gentlemen re-
newed it, and the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ASHMUN asked that the question be
stated, and the titles of the bills again be read.
The question was again stated to be on the sus-
pension of the rules for the reception of the bills,
and their titles were again read.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, said he
understood that the gentleman from Alabama pro-
posed that the bills be referred to a committee.
That was all.
Mr. McCLERNAND inquired whetherthe gen-
tleman iioni Alabama had given notice of his. in-
tention to introduce these bills?
The SPEAKER replied that notice was given
on Monday last.
The question (the Chair further stated) was on
suspending the rules, to allow the gentleman Irom
Alabama to introduce these bills. A separate
question might be had, if any gentleman de-
manded. •
Mr. McCLERNAND. I demand it.
Mi. VINTON. Will it be in order to ask that
the bill respecting New Mexico be lead r
The SPEAKER. It can be read by order of
the House.
Mr. VINTON. I make that motion.
The SPEAKER, (addressing Mr. Milliard.)
The gentleman from Alabama will designate the
bill upon, winch he wishes the question iirst to be'
taken.
I Mr. HILLIARD replied, the bill respecting the
I boundary of Texas—the bill which the gentleman
i from Onio wishes to have read.
I The question was taken, and the Houae ordered
j the bill to be read.
| It was read accordingly, as follows:
i A BILL respecting the limits of the St.ite of Texas and
j that portion of Hie territoiv ol the United States which
! was aetjuired by tne late tieaty with Mexico, known as
I N'.W Mexico.
j Six'. 1. J>e it cnf.c'cd bij the Senate and Home of licpre-
1 scnt'.tues oj the United Sit tcs in Cow>rra r-s,cmbeds 'i hat
1 the noi thrill boundai> ot the .State ot J e.\u> shall c.i.mnieoce
! at tin* point where the eastern heundaiy ot Mud State is m-
j tetreeled by the paiaUel ot 30° tfu' north latitude; thei.ee
| west aloug that parallel of latitude to the summit «t the
