THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED
AND PUBLISHED
AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON,
BY BLAIR & RIVES.
30th Congress,
2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 24, 1849. -
New Series No. 21.
Flournoy, was taken and the vote stood: Yeas 77,
nays 114, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Afkmson, Rarringer, Barrow, Beale,
Bedinger, Belcher, Bingham, Boeock, Bowdon, Bowlin,
Boyd, Charles Brown, Albert G. Brown, B^ckiier, Burt,
Cabell, Clingman, Howell Cobb, Williamson R..W. Cobb,
Coeke^Crozier, Cummins, Daniel, Dickinson, Donnrll, Duer,
Garnett Duncan, Dunn, Ficklin, Ftomnoy, Fulton, Gaines,
Gentry, Goggin, Haralson, Han is, Haskell, Hill, Hilhard,
George S. Houston, Inge, Iverson, Andrew Johnson. Robert
W. Johnson, John W. Jones, Kaufman, Kennon, Thomas
Butler King, Daniel P. King, La Sere. Leffier, Lumpkin,
McClernand, McDowell, Meadr, MorHiead, Morse, Mur-
phy, Outlaw, Pendleton, Pevton, Phelps, Predion, Rliett,
Richardson, Sawyer, Shepperd, Simpson, Thibodeaux,
Thomas, Richard VV. Thompson. Robert A. Thompson,
Tompkins, Toomb?, Turner, Venabie, and Wentworth—77.
NAYS—Messrs. Ashmun, Blackirmr, Blanchard, Brady,
Bridges, Brodhead, Canbv, Cathcart, Chapman, Franklin
Clark, B. h. Clarke, Collamei. Collin--, Conger, Cranston,
Crisfield, Orowell, Darling, Dickev, Divon, Eekert, Ed-sall,
Edwards, Einbree, Nathan Evans, Faran, Farrellv, Feather-
ston, Fisher, Freedley, French, Fries, Guiding*, Gott, Gree-
ley, Grmnell, Nathan K. frail. Mammons, Henley, Hrriry,
Eiias B. Holmes, John W. Houston, Hubbard,'Hudson,
Jenkins, James H. Johnson, Kellogg, Lahm, William T.
Lawrence, Sidney Lawrence, Lisron, Lynde, Mdcl.iv. Mc-
Clelland, Mellvaine, McKay, MeLane, Job Mann, Horace
Mann, Marsh, Marvin, Miller, Morris, Mullin, Nelson, Nes,
Newell, Nicoll, Palfrev, Peaslee, Peck. Petrie, Pettit, Pol-
lock, Putnam, Reynolds, Richey, Robinson, Rockhill, Ju-
lius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Roman, Rose, Root,
Rumsey, Si. John, Sehenck, Shnjjeriand, Smart, Caleb B.
Smith, Robert Smith, Truman Smith, Stanton, St.irkwe.ith-
er, Charles E. Stuait, S'rohm, Tallmndge, Taylor, James
Thompson, Jacob Thompson, John B. Thompson, William
Thompson, Thurston, Tuck, Van Dvke, Vinton, Warren,
White, Wick, Wiley, Williams, Wilmot, Wilson, and
Woodward—114.
So two-thirds not voting therefor, the bill was
not received.
On motion by Mr. MOREHEAD, (by leave,)
Ordered, That Jeave be granted to the following named
persons to withdiaw their petitions and accompanying
papers from the files of the House, viz: William Bowie,
Jeremiah Adams, Solomon Jarvis, Elizabeth Nutter, Mar-
garet Penn, Lydia Rogers, Rlioda Polk, Jane Johnson, Mar-
garet McCow, Martha Lemon, Margaret Hamilton, Jean-
*ette McCJure, Mary Millbank, Mary Biiggs, Susan Catlett,
Elizabeth Adkins, and Mrs. Alvis.
CAPTAIN DAN DRAKE HENItlE.
Mr. GAINES~appcaIcd to the indulgence of the
House to take up the bill for the relief of Captain
Dan Drake Henrie. He moved to suspend the
rules, to take the bill from the Committee of the
"Whole House, -in order to put it on its immediate
passage. Fie made this motion to reward an in-
dividual who had performed the achievement which
was perhaps unequaled in boldness, daring, and
gallantry, by any individual act during the Mexi-
can war; and which had been highly valuable, as
contributing to the success of our arms at Buena
Vista. Certainly, by this exploit .the outpost of
Agua Nueva had been saved, and what effect it
had had upon the fate of the battle of Buena Vista
it was for this House and the country to judge.
It was the first certain information which General
Taylor had of the approach of Santa Anna.
Mr. DANIEL rose to a point of order, and in-
quired of the Speaker if it was competent for the
House to take the bill out of the Committee of the
Whole?
The SPEAKER replied that it was by a sus-
pension of the rules.
The question was then taken and agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the bill was
laid before the House.
The bill and report were read.
At the suggestion of Mr. BOWLIN, (after a
word of conversation between Messrs. BOWLIN,
GAINES, and DUNN,) the bill was so amended
as to provide that the Und hereby donated should
be located out of the public lands " subject to pri-
vate entry."
On motion of Mr. THOMPSON, of Indiana,
the previous question was seconded—ayes 78, noes
not counted—and the main question was ordered,
being first on the engrossment.
The question was taken, and the bill was or-
dered to be engrossed and read a third time.
And the question being on the passage of the
bill—
The previous question was asked by Mr.
THOMPSON, of Indiana, and seconded; and the
main question was ordered.
21
Mr. DICKEY asked the yeas and nays, which
were ordered.
The question, "Shall this bill pass?" was then
taken, and decided in the affirmative—yeas 122,
navs 55.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Indiana, moved a recon-
sideration of the vote, and moved that that motion
be laid on the table.
The question having been taken and decided in
the affirmative, the motion to reconsider was laid
on the table.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, l y the hands of
J. K. Walker, Esq., his private Secretary.
Mr. VINTON moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union; but waived the motion at the sugges-
tion of
The SPEAKER, who said that, by general con-
sent he would lay before the House Executive
communications, &.c., on the Speaker's table.
No objection was made.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing message from the President of the United
States:
To the House of Representatives of the United States:
I transmit, herewith, the annual report of the
Director of the Mint at Philadelphia, showing the
operations of the mint and branch mints for the
year 1848. JAMES K. POLK.
Washington", January 22, 1849.
The message was laid upon the table, and ordered
to be printed.
The SPEAKER laid before the House sundry
communications, viz:
I. A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury
transmitting a report from the Register of the
Treasury, containing the statements of the com-
merce and navigation of the United States for the
last fiscal year, prepared as required by the act of
the 10th of February, 1820; which letter and report
were laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. NICOLL moved that the rules be suspend-
ed, to enable him to move that 10,000 extra copies
of the report on thecommercc and navigation of
the United States for the last fiscal year be printed;
which motion was agreed to, two-thirds voting in
favor thereof.
Mr. N. then moved that 10,000 extra copies of
the said report on the commerce and navigation of
the United States be printed for the use of the
members of the House; which motion was agreed
to.
II. A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting a communication from the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, under date of
the 17th instant, inclosing a synopsis of the report '
of Dr. G. T. Jackson on the geological survey I
made by him of the mineral lands in Michigan; :
which letter, &c., were laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed, as a part*of the annual report
of the Commissioner of the General Land Officc.
The bill from the Senate entitled An act for the
relief of P. Chouteau, Jr., & Co., was read twice,
and referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Vinton, and having been decided in the affirma-
tive 
The House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Smith, of
Indiana, in the chair,) and resumed the considera-
tion of the bill making appropriations for the civil
and diplomatic expenses of Government for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1850, and for other
purposes.
•Mr. VINTON, under instructions from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, asked leave to offer
the following amendments, to provide for omissions
which had been made in the bill:
For six additional clerks in said office, (Third Auditor's,)
authorized by the act of the 12th August, 1848, ^6,400.
For the Chief of the Bureau of Construction, Equipment,
and Repairs, for the current fiscal year, to supply a deficiency
m the appropriation of the last session, $-500.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. VINTON, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, also offered the following amendments;
which were agreed to:
F 'r payment by the Secretary of State to Wm, C. Rlddalt
and William C Z-mtzmger, equally to be divided Intm-en
them, the sum of $771 43, which has already been appro-
priated for clerk-hire in the State Drpaitment, but not di awn
from the treasury.
For payment to Ezra William*, a clerk in the bounty land
division of the General Land Office, for extra services ren-
dered out of office hours, $500.
The following item of the bill being under con-
sideration:
For eompon«ation and contingent expenses of the Aux-
iliaiv Guard, $G.77."i—
Mr. SAWYER moved to strike it out.
After a brief explanation between .Mr. VINTON
and Mr. SAWYER, the question was taken; and,
by ayes 40, noes 78, the amendment was rejected.
Mr. STANTON moved an amendment, to insert
between lines 297 and 298 an. appropriation of
$tic0,000 for the completion of the Treasury build-
ings, according to the original plan.
lie remarked that he had no idea that this ap-
propriation would pass; he did not believe the
amount would be sufficient. But he was satisfied
that this or some other provision ought to be made
for this purpose, and he wished to call the atten-
tion to tins subject of those to whom it properly
belonged. He would inquire of tho chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means if that com-
mittee had paid any attention to the recommenda-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury upon this
point? He read an extract from the report of that
officer, in whieh he recommends an appropriation
for tlie completion of tho Treasury buildmps, to
provide all the offices with fire-proof rooms, &e.
Mr. VINTON replied, that the Committee of
Ways and Means had not considered this subject,
as in their opinion it belonged to the Committee
on Public Buildings.
Mr. FICKLIN (on a pro forma amendment to*
the amendment) said, from an investigation which
he had had occasion not long since to make, he
had ascertained that the appropriations which had
been made for the Treasury Department, General
Post Office, and other public buildings in the city
of Washington, had been double and treble the
amount of the estimates.
Mr. STANTON inquired if the gentleman de-
sired to see the Treasury building left in its pres-^
cnt unfinished condition ?
Mr. FICKLIN replied, that he was opposed to
any further expenditure for the public buildings in
the District of Columbia. He called the attention
of the gentleman from Tennessee to the fact, that
instead of §100,000, if the Treasury Department
were completed according to its original plan, it
would involve an expenditure of half a million of
dollars.
Mr. STANTON replied, that he did not think
it a matter of very great consequence, even if it
should cost half a million of dollars to complete
this building properly. The plan had been adopted
under the administration of General Jackson; it
had been partly completed during his administra-
tion; but had subsequently been stopped on ac-
count of the condition of the treasury. Even if
its entire completion should cost half a million of
dollars, he thought it would be no very serious
loss to the United States. He added a remark in
leference to the California gold mines, (which the
rcnortcr did not distinctly hear.)
Mr. FICKLIN said the California gold mines
weie not doing' much towards paying the public,
debt We had already a public debt of sufficient
amount,and until that was paid, we had no money
to expend upon public buildings.
Mr. BROWN, of Pennsylvania, (upon a pro
forma amendment) complained of the piesent ar-
rangements of the rooms in the public departments,
and expressed the opinion that each bureau should
{lave one general room, and have all its clerks
together there, under the inspection of the head of
the bureau.
The amendment of Mr. Stavton was rejected.
