324
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. &g5
Mr. D. also presented- a preamble and resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Iowa, in favor of com-
pensating the citizens of that State who were called
out by the marshal of the United States for the
Territory of Iowa to repress an outbreak on the
southern boundary of that State; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
memorials and petitions.
Mr. CORWIN presented a petition from Timo-
thy Cavan, asking to be allowed a pension, in con-
sequence of an injury received by him while in
the military service of the United States; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a petition from
Hartwell Carver and his associates, foragrantof
land, and a charter for constructing a railroad from
Lake Michigan to the Pacific Ocean; which was
referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. D. also presented a remonstrance from H.
O'Reilly and others, against the passage of the
bill to promote the progress of the useful arts;
which was referred to the Committee on Patents.
Mr. FITZPATR1CK presented a petition from
George Whitman, asking* compensation for goods
taken and used by troops of the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. DIX presented a petition from merchants
and ship masters of New York, asking that two
small vessels be placed at the disposition of Lieu-
tenant Maury, for the purpose of enabling him to
test the accuracy of his wind and current charts;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs. *
Mr. D. also presented a petition from the New
York State Agricultural Society, praying that cer1
tain statistics be included in the census, and the
establishment of an agricultural bureau; which
was referre.l to the Select Committee on the Cen-
sus. *
Mr. D.also presented a petition from Catharine
Oliphant, asking for a pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CLARKE presented a petition from citizens
of Providence, Rhode Island, asking for a reduc-
tion of the rates of postage; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. METCALFE presented a petition from M.
H. Campbell, a volunteer in the war with Mexico,
asking to be allowed bounty land and extra pay;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. BREESE presented resolutions of the Le-
gislature of Illinois, instructing their Senators and
requesting their Representatives to use their exer-
tions to produce a leduction of the rates of post-
age; which were ordered to be printed.
Mr. FELCH presented a petition from Charity
Chatfield, praying for a pension; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. F. also presented a petition from receivers
and registers of land offices in Michigan, asking to
be allowed a commission on entries of bounty land
warrants; which-was laid on the table.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition from Joseph
"Wyer and one hundred and eighty citizens of the
United States, asking that the public lands may
be granted in farms and lots to actual settlers free
of cost; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a memorial from
William Henry Bush, asking redress for illegal
arrest and imprisonment by the Spanish authori-
ties in the island of Cuba; which was read and
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. FITZGERALD presented a petition from
Daniel V. Q,uenaudon, praying for a grant of land
in the Territory of Oregon, for the purpose of es-
tablishing a colony there; which was referred to
the Committee on Territories.
Mr. BELL presented a petition from George
Whitman, praying that certain duties paid byhirn
in importing goods into Vera Cruz, as a suttler in
the army, may be refunded; which was referred
to the Committee cn Finance.
Mr. B. also presented a memorial from certain
friendly Seminole Indians who served in the army
of the United States during the Florida war, pray-
ing remuneration for their services; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, presented^ pe-
tition from citizens of Rock viile, Maryland, praying
for the enactment of a law to prevent the issue and
circulation of small notes by private individuals in
the District of Columbia; which was referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.^
Mr. PEARCE presented a petition from citizens
of Maryland, praying the establishment of territo-
rial governments in California and New Mexico;
which was laid on the table.
[The memorial sets forth that the institution of
slavery has ever been interwoven with society in
some way or other, and results from the nature of
things, and must continue an accompaniment (by
necessity) of whatever partakes of human ordi-
nances and human institutions. It is of divine or-
igin, recognized and sustained by the precepts of
the Bible, and rules laid down for its regulation
clearly and explicitly. One-half the States of this
Union recognize the institution of slavery, and
iru^ranty the right of property in slaves. To pass
laws forbidding the extension of the institution to
the Territories of the Union would in process of
time abrogate the institution where it now exists,
and thereby partake of the nature of an ex post
facto law, in violation of the express terms of the
Constitution.]
Mr. BRADBURY presented a petition from
merchants and others, citizens of St. George, m
the State of Maine, praying for the establishment
of a new collection district at East Thomaston, in
that State; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. B. also presented a remonstrance from citi-
zens of St. George, in the State of Maine, against
the establishment of a new collection district at
East Thomaston, in that State; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. YULEE presented documents in relation
to the claim of Captain George McClelland, for the
services of his company of Florida volunteers in
the Seminole war; which were referred to the Com- i
mittee on Military Affairs. |
^ Mr. UPHAM presented a petition from citizens I
of Washington, District of Columbia, praying that
the slave trade may be abolished in this District;
which was referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
On motion of Mr. PEARCE, the petition of
Sarah Mackay "was taken from the files of the
Senate, and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of the legal represent-
atives of Gilbert Stalker; which was read a first
time.
Mr. M. also, from the same committee, reported
House bill for the relief of Jeremiah Moors, with-
out amendment.
Mr. M. also, from the same committee, made
an ad verse report on the petition of Thomas Li-
nard; and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BADGER, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Moses
Levy; which was read a first time.
BILLS ON LEAVE.
Mr. BREESE, pursuant to notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill to define the pe-
riod of disability imposed upojj certain bidders for
mail contracts; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. KING, pursuant to notice, asked and ob-
tained leave to introduce a bill to grant a right of
way to the Mobile and Ohio Railroad Company;
which was read a fust and second time.
Mr. KING moved that the bill be now taken
up for consideration; but objection was made, and
the bill lies over.
The objection was subsequently withdrawn, and
the bill passed.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. UPHAM submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered and agreed to:
i Reiolved, ThattheCommitteeon the PostOfiiee and Po<t
{ Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency ofestab-
[ iishing a post route from Brattleboro' or Townshend, in the
; State of Vermont, through Jamaica, VVitilmli. Manchester,
! and thence to Whitehall, in the State of New York.
| Mr. FELCH submitted the following resolution;
j which was considered and agreed to:
; Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs he in-
, strutted to inquire imo the expediency of allowing for pay
J of the clerk and messenger of the Superintendent of Indian
I Affairs at Detioit, the sum of mx hundred doliais per annum,
I as heretofore allowed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, submitted the
following resolution; which lies over under the
rule:
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions he instructed
to inquire into the expediency of passing an act allowins to
all officers, non-commissioned officers, musicians, and pri-
vates m the army of the United Prates, who ar« disabled or
who may hereafter become disabled, by the lo*s of a limb or
limb'i, an eye or eyes, while in the line of their duly in the
public service, a pension, at a iate to be fixed according u>
their disability.
Mr. DICKINSON submitted the following re-
solution; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to transmit to the Senate, so far as is eoi^istent
with the public imeresi, any eoiresponderice between the
Department of State and the Spanish authorities in the
island of Cuba relating to ihe imprisonment in said island of
Mr. Ifemy J. Burk, a citizen of the United States.
Mr. BELL submitted the following resolution,
which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to com-
municate to the Senate, if within his knowledge, what sums
of money weie advanced to the party of the Creeks knowu
as the Old Settlers, or Western Cherokee*, or to therr dele-
gates, signers of the treaty of 1846, immediately after the
ratification of the panif, by whom and underwhat eiicum-
stancessuch advances of money were made, and how, when,
and by whom, the amounts so advanced have heen refunded
or repaid.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, submitted the following
resolution, which lies over under the rule:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inqune into the expediency of estab-
lishing a post route from Bellevtew via Anchen, Canton,.
Edinburgand Anamosa, to Independence, the county seat of
Buchanan county. That the sr.-une committee also impure
into the expediency of establishing a mail loute from Bloom-
m ton via Tipton, Rome, Anaino^a, Delhi, and Garnevillo,
to Prairie du Chien.
Mr. YULEE submitted the following resolution,
which lies over under the rule:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to fur-
nish to the Senate any document* or information in hi*
department relative to the claim of Captain Geoiue E. Me-
CleliamPs company of Florida volunteers, tor military ser-
vices in the >ear 1840.
Mr. YULEE also submitted the following reso-
lution, which lies over;
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Land? inquire
into the expediency of rc-ducing the present minimum puce
of the pine lands in Florida.
credentials of mr. butler.
Mr. MASON presented the credentials of An-
drew P. Butler, elected a Senator of the United
States from the State of South Carolina, for the
term of six years from the 4th of March, 1849.
dr. jacicson's report.
On motion of Mr. FELCH, the report presented
yesterday from the Secretary of the Treasury,
enclosing a copy of Dr. G.T. Jackson's geological
survey in the State of Michigan, was ordered to be
printed.
personal explanation.
Mr. FOOTE. I feel it to be due to myself as a
member of this body, and to the Senate itself* that
I should offer a short explanation in response to a
card which I find to have appeared on yesterday
morning in the National Intelligencer, over the
signature of his honor Justice McLean, which con-
tains denials of statements made by me in debate
here a few days ago, and assertions of fact touching
matters discussed by me on the occasion referred
to, which, appearing in one of he respectable
papers in which we publish an official account of
our proceedings, seems to be specially entitled to
the kind of notice which it is my design to bestow.
The Judge commences his card as follows:
"Respect for the Senate, where remarks were made abu-
sive ot myself on the 18th instant, induces me to make the
following statements."
He then goes on to observe that—
"The first accusation (alluding to myself) was, that F have
said that1 our institutions will never be well and wisetyand
'succesj-fuily maintained and administeied until what he is
'pleased to call moral influence can be hi ought to bear upon
{the Government—who daies to denounce the sekcted can-
didates of the great political parties of the country as mere
' prize~jizhters., The lerm " prize-fighters'was never used by
me in reference to any individuals; the thought of making
the application to the late candidates for the Presidency
never entered into my mind."
I wish it were in my power to withdraw the
accusation which has been so positively denied:
which I would certainly do were I satisfied that 1
had done injustice to the learned Judge. But as,
upon a reexamination of a certain letter of his
quoted the other day from memory, I find that i
did not at all misunderstand or misrepresent its
contents, instead of withdrawing the accusation, 1
