1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. President, I have but a short reply to make
to the honorable Senator from Ohio, who, after
several days, as I should conjecture, of anxious
preparation, and of consultation too, has at last
teen able to make himself ready for the meditated
, encounter of arms, and who has but just now, in
our sight and in our hearing:, most strikingly sig-
nalized both his valor and his wit by charging,
•with all the boldness of a true cavalier, and with
all the weapons of an exhaustless facetiousness,
upon the individual who has dared to accuse his
illustrious judicial friend and Jtfagms Jlpollo of jj
grave official delinquencies as a high public func-
tionary.
The Senator from Ohio will permit me to say I
that had our brave troops in Mexico been always I
as tardy in preparing to meet the*enemios of the I
country as the honorable Senator from Ohio has !
exhibited himself on this occasion, it may at least !
be seriously doubted whether they would have !
been able to acquire a tithe of the glory which 1
envelops them, and has claimed for them the
eternal respect and gratitude of the nation. If
there was anything in the character of my remarks j
the other day, upon the conduct of that official !
personage for whose defence the Senator from Ohio j
has thought proper at last to bucklc on his armor, I
at all demanding a regular reply, it is most won- |
derful that a gentleman so fertile in resources as j
the Senator from Ohio is known to be, and so po- !
tent withal as the advocate and defender of perse- j
cuted innocence, did not at once, without a mo-
ment's delay, when champions too weie loudly
challenged to appear, announce his willingness to
become the defender of that personage whom he
now seems to hold in such high veneration, and
whose fame he professes to regard as absolutely
Beyond the reach of injury from any assaults
which the envious and the malignant of this world
may presume to make upon it.
After all this tremendous clashing of arms and
thundering of artillery, what has the honorable
Senator from Ohio accomplished? He has suc-
ceeded in arraigning me; but has he accomplished
the vindication of his friend? Why, sir, the
Senator has not even approached the merits of the
controversy between the learned Judge of the Su-
preme Court of the Union, whose defence he has
undertaken, and myself. He has not even alluded
to the material point in question, which is, Did he
(Judge McLean) or did lie not express an opinion
in the newspapers upon a questi'on which he had
reason to believe he would shortly be called upon
to aid in settling judicially? The honorable Sena-
tor accuses me of becoming dissatisfied with Jus-
tice McLean, and with denouncing him, simply
because he does not concur with myself and others
in opinion upon a ccrtain legal question. I should
feel myself disgraced, could I not at once and pos-
itively deny this strange allegation.
Why,sir,I have not objected to Judge McLean's
having formed the opinion which he has considered
it decent to avow; I have scarcely attacked the
soundness of that opinion, as erroneous as I hold
it to be; I have always been willing to recognize
the possibility of such an opinion being adopted
by a thoroughly conscientious and patriotic man;
and I have thought 1 knew some members of this
Senate, in all respects entitled to regard and confi- [i
dence, who have notwithstanding arrived at con- j|
elusions similar to those announced by Judge ji
McLean. But, I repeat, it is the-public expression :i
of an opinion by Judge McLean upon u question
likely to be referred to the Supieme Court of this j'
Union, m advance of its regular presentation be- !j
fore that tribunal, of which I have complained, :
and of which I have insisted the country had a :j
right to complain. Has tfus view of the subject !
been met by the Senator from Ohio? Does he feel ,i
authorized to deny any of the facts stated by me,
and now established by irrefutable testimony ? Does j
he undertake to justify such acts as Judge Mc- j!
Lean has thus been proved to have perpetrated? ii
No, sir, no; nothing of all this has been done; j'
nor will the Senator from Ohio risk himself before ;i
the country by attempting any of these things. ■[
And yet the Senator seems really to suppose that ;!
he has so defended his friend of the Supreme Bench j j
that no one will be able hereafter in the least de- ::
gree to call him in question.
Why, really, if the Senator from Ohio could not
reconcile it to his conscience to take higher and I,
bolder ground in vindication of the personage com- j j
plained of, than that which he has assumca in his j|
behalf, I must regard it as unfortunate for Judge
McLean that he has uttered a single word in his
defence. At any rate, I cannot perceive that the
Judge occupies a position at all more creditable to
his character as a public functionary than that
which he occupied before the Senator from Ohio
so generously rushed to the rcscue. If jests were
arguments, and histrionic action could supply the
want of justificatory evidence, the Senator from
Ohio might possibly be able to felicitate himself
upon having established the most lasting claims to
the gratitude of Judge McLean and his friends;
but, as the case actually stands, I am decidedly
inclined to think the honorable Senator from Ohio
would have best consulted discretion by letting his
friend, the Judge, go wholly without eulogy or
defence.
But the Senator from Ohio seems to feel a little
apprehensive that I may myself run into the en or
that his fnend the Judge has committed, by ex-
pressing my opinion of his acts in such language
as would commit me upon a question of impeach-
ment, should such a proceeding be resorted to.
The Senator may relieve his mind of all solicitude
on this point, inasmuch as 1 have myself never
hinted at impeachment, or at all indicated how I
should act were such a proceeding to be instituted.
Judge McLean may be guilty of all that I have
charged, and yet not be impeachable before this
body. Did I choose to do so, 1 could easily name
a Senator who is in close political alliance with
the Senator from Ohio, to whom his admonition
on this head would be applicable, and upon whom
it might by possibility prove more or less profit-
able. I allude to a Senator who, not many months
ago, declaied that, in his judgment, the President
of the United States had been guilty of an impeach-
able offence. If the Senator from Ohio shall he
able to conjecture to whom I allude, he will be also
able to turn his powers as a lecturer on senatorial
decency to a good account.
To conclude, Mr. President, I am not at all dis-
posed to complain that the honorable Senator from
Ohio has come forward as the defender of Justice
McLean; nor am I at all surprised at his having
done so. Independent of local neighborship there
are certain grounds of sympathy between Jwdgc
McLean and his advocate here, the well-known
existence of which might well beget surprise that
the distinguished Senator from Ohio did not ear-
lier take upon himself the charge of vindication
under the weight of which he is now visibly stag-
geiing, or that, having undertaken the defence of
so illustrious a culprit at all, he has not been able
to do more m his behalf than to enact the part of a
mere lukewarm champion or mirth-moving breaker
of pleasant jests.
Mr. President, I cannot take leave of this sub-
ject without solemnly admonishing the Senator
from Ohio that, highly as he may admire the char- ,
acter and public course of the personage upon j
whom he has lavished such extravagant commend- j
ations in our hearing to-day, the period is not far j
distant when the fact of his taking part with a for- )
eign foe, and against his own country, when war j
was raging between them; the fact that he did all 1
he could to obstruct supplies to our army in Mex- ;
ico, when supplies were known to be imperiously j
needed; the fact th*®hisinfluence, such as it is, was
employed throughout that war in a mode calculated
to bring dishoi.or upon our army, and disappoint
the patriotic hopes of the nation; these facts, assure
as a Divine Providence rcigneth rn Heaven, and j
Justice hath her habitation upon earth, will sooner '
or later consign him and his allies to profound in- j
famy, ai^d overwhelm his eulogists with contempt. '
Let such men as feel my present words to be at all
applicable to them and to their acts, content them- j
selves with the reception of congenial honors such
as rumor declares to have been a fewmonths since
bestowed on certain prominent civic chieftains in
this country by a Mexican Congress, as the meet
reward of domestic perfidy; but let not such as
(hese expect to receive veneration or respect from
twenty millions of enlightened freemen, who well
know how, in an appropriate and imposing man-
ner, to recompense high public virtue, according to
its deserts, and to punish and degrade those who
are found to act unworthily in high place.
The conversation here dropped.
RECIPROCITY DUTIES.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of
the bill to admit certain articles of the growth or
production of Canada into the United States "free
of duty, upon the condition that the like articles
of the growth or production of the United State*
are admitted into Canada free of duty; the ques-
tion pending being upon an amendment heretofore
submitted^hy Mr. Phelps.
Mr. DIX. Mr, President, since this bill was
taken up for discussion, I have been unable, froip.
indisposition and other causes, to bestow upon it
the attention which is due to the importance of the
subject. But I will proceed, nevertheless, with
such preparation as I have been able to make, to
explain the objects of the measure and its probable
effects; and I will endeavor, at the same time, to
answer some of the leading-objections which have
been made to it. "
If I entertained the belief that the operation of the
bill would be prejudicial to the interest of any por-
tion of the Union, I should not be its advocate.
The first object of all public legislation is to ad-
vance the general welfare of the country; but this
object ought certainly not to be sought for at the
expense of any particular section, or indeed of any
single interest. 1 believe this bill is entirely free
from objection in this respect; that it will be emi-
nently advantageous both to the United States and
Canada, and do no wrong or injury in any quarter.
Before I proceed to examine the practical opera-
tion of the measure upon the commercial interests
of the two countries, I wish to notice a.prelimi-
nary objection which has been raised.
It is supposed that the privileges conferred by
this bill upon Canada will be extended, by virtue
of certain reciprocity treaties into which we have
entered, to the foreign States with which those
engagements have been contracted. I takea totally
different view of the subject. 1 believe Senators
have put an erroneous construction upon the obli-
gations of the compacts to which they refer.
| We have reciprocity treaties with Russia, Den-
j mark, I-Ianover, Prussia, Mecklenburg-Schwerin,
] the Manse-Towns, and several other foreign coun-
j tries. They are treaties with sovereign States,
j and, by every fair rule of construction, their stipu-
i lations, so far as they guaranty reciprocity, must be
I deemed to relate to engagements with other Powers
equally independent. The commercial arrangement
proposed by this bill is with a European colony
adjoining us—one of those dependencies which the
States of the Eastern hemisphere are accustomed to
except in their compacts with us for reciprocity of
i commerce and navigation. If any of th 6; States with.
' which we have treaties stipulatmgforthesamepriv-
,| ileges which we confer on others, had dependen-
cies situated like Canada in respect to us, those
|| States might perhaps acquire in respect to such de-
i| pendencies the same privileges we shall confer on
j; Canada if the bill passes; but I do not admit that
I! they would acquire those privileges for their me-
jj tropolitan possessions, and for the reason that col-
onies have always been made practical exceptions
to the general rule of international intercourse.
Possibly a special reservation may be necessary in
every compact, from the provisions of which it is
designed to exclude them; but I do not, as I shall
show, consider it a matter of any consequence in
this case. This we know in respect to Canada,
that it is not only expressly excluded from the
terms of our commercial intercourse with Great
Britain, but it is the subject of distinct stipula-
tions; and yet the British Legation, in accordance
with the wishes of the Canadians, has urged this
1, measure upon us, under instructions from home,
i; without the least idea that they would gain for
i; Great Britain under our reciprocity treaty the
■ privileges they desire us to confer on Canada.
1 The honorable Senator from Maryland [Mr.
j Pearce] said that we had " given a construction to
these reciprocal provisions worthy of notice,''and
he alluded to out treaty with Portugal in 1840, by
, which it was expressly agreed that the stipulation
! in our treaty with France m 1831, in regard to
!, French wines, should not be interfered with. This
construction is perfectly consistent with the view
of the subject 1 take. These two treaties were
with independent Powers; they were with conti-
• nental Powers in Europe almost bordering on each.
1 other; and a general stipulation m respect to
equality of duties necessarily required an express
I; reservaton to authoiize us to make the duties ori
; any of their products unequal. This, however,
: is a totally different thing from a commercial ar~
: rangernent between us and a European colony
;; adjoining us.
