$•28
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 23,
But in coming to the conclusion that our com-
mercial relations with Russia, Prussia, and other
Powers, under the reciprocity treaties we have
formed with'them, will.not be affected by this, bill,
I put it on other grounds.
These treaties relate to commerce and naviga-
tion, and are intended to regulate the commeicial
intercourse carried on by those "countries with the
United States on the ocean. They hav&certainly
not been understood as referring to inland trade
and exchange between countries bordering on $ach
other. The right to regulate their interior inter-
course with adjoining States has not been supposed
to be at all impaired by these commercial engage-
ments. If it were otherwise, if these treaties re-
strained the States which are parties to them from
admitffng articles free of duty from a neighboring
country, except upon condition of extending the
same privilege to the other contracting parties, we
should at this very moment be entitled, in our in-
tercourse with Prussia, to all the benefits of the
custom-house exemptions of the Zoll-Yerein, of
which that kingdom is a leading member. Prussia
bordeis on a number of the Zoll-Verein States.
These States interchange with her their common
products free of duty under the Zoll-Verein com-
pact, or Customs Union. They have stood to
each other in the same relation in which we stand
to Canada. They had duties on their respective
products as we have? They have abolished them,
as we propose to do in respect to Canada on a pai t
of ours.
Msw, will it be contended that we are entitled
to the same freedom of intercourse with Prussia ;
which she shares with those States, because she !
has stipulated to impose no higher duties on our j
products than on those of other countries? Surely !
not; and for the very reason that the stipulations j
of our treaty with her are intended to apply to ex- i
ternal intercourse by sea, and not to inland ar-
rangements between bordering States. The inten- J
tion of our treaties of reciprocity is stamped upon
them in characters not to be misunderstood. The |
first stipulation (lor those of latter years are much j
qf the same import) limits the reciprocal liberty of 1
commerce uml navigation which the treaties were i
formed to secure to " the ports, places, waters, j
and rivers of the territories of cach party, wherein
foreign commerce is permitted." The second stip-
ulation regulates the duties to be imposed on the
vessels of the contracting parties engaged in that
commerce. The third regulates the duties to be
paid on the importation or exportation of their
respective products. I admit that, by the letter of
these treaties, this bill might afl'ect our commercial
relations under them. But I insist that all com-
pacts are to be construed according to their nnun- j
fest intention, not by one stipulation alone, but by j
all which relate to the same subject-mattci; and i
might apply these observations with great force to :
my first position, and say that those treaties did i
not contemplate commercial relations with eolo- i
Dial dependencies like Canada. But the whole ;
tenor of their stipulations shows them to have been j
designed to regulate commerce on the sea, and not
the interior tralHc carried on by the inhabitants of
countries separated from each other by a meresta- '
tistical boundary or an astronomical line. They !
are treaties of commerce and navigation—not of 1
one alone, but of both combined. I
When this measure was first proposed, I in- |
quired of the State and Treasury Departments !
whether it would affeet our commercial relations !
•with foreign States under reciprocity treaties, and j
a decided answer was given by both in the neo-a-
tive. My own examination of the subject has
brought me to the same conclusion, whether upon !
the same grounds 1 do not know. ' I
If tins construction be erroneous, if the privi-
leges proposed to be conferred on Canada will be
extended to the foreign States referred to, then, I i
repeat, we shall, on the same principle, become j
entitled to the puvileges of the Zoll-Verun, m
Prussia, and perhaps gam access for our products,
through her, to all the other States of that political ■
association, comprehending, 1 believe, twenty-ei^ht
out of the thirty-seven States of the Germanic Con- '
federation. This would ,p> una facie, be an immense
advantage, though it is not clear that it would be >
of anyopiacticai benefit. But no one dreamt, when !
our reciprocity treaties were formed, that thev 1
conferred any such privileges on us; and I ventuie '
to say it will never occur to any of the States which i
are parties to those treaties,- that the proposed ar- '
rangement with Canada will confer any new priv-
ileges on them. *
But if it were otherwise, the privileges the bill
confers are reciprocal. We concede nothing which
we do not gain in return. If Hanover, Prussia,
and Mecklenburg-Sehwerin should acquire the
privileges conferred on Canada by this bill, we
should acquire in respect to them the privileges
the bill confers on us. There would be entire reci-
procity. Our chances of profiting by the arrange-
ment would be as good as theirs. The Hanse-
Towns might send us a few more hams; but there
is scarcely an article enumerated in the bill which
can be brought to us with advantage from the
States on the Ger-man Ocean and the Baltic. We
are too distant for agricultural exchanges. Besides,
we are essentially as agricultural as they. Wheat
is the only article likely, under any circumstances,
to come here, except in the most inconsiderable
quantities. In 1837, when flour was ten, eleven,
and twelve dollars a barrel, we received over a
million of bushels of wheat from Germany, not
lutlf the quantity we sent in 1847 ipto Canada,
Nova Scotia, and New Brunswick; but in the for-
mer year, under the influence of these enormous
prices, England herself sent us over seven hundred
thousand bushels—nearly as much as Germany;
and yet she imported in 1847 over ejghty-six mil-
lions of bushels of grain. But such occasions very
rarely occur; and when they do occur, the tend-
ency of importation is decidedly beneficial, its
influence is to check prices when they reach the
| high point of extravagance.
; Senators have expressed the apprehension that,
if this bill passes, we"shall, under the construction
; they give to it, be deluged with wheat from the
Baltic. Let us see how much ground there is for
this apprehension. On the 1st of February wheat
will pay but one shilling sterling a quarter in Great
Britain—about three cents a bushel. She imports
from us: we export to her. The price of wheat
there must, therefore, always be as much higher
than the price here, when she has a deficiency and
we a surplus, as the cost of carrying wheat to her
from the United States, and this cost, I am told, is
about twenty cents the bushel. When it is a dol-
lar iieie, it must be §1 20 there. Now, let us see
what a vessel laden with wheat from the Baltic
would be likely to do in such a case. She must,
to come here, sail directly by the ports of Great
Britain, where she can get a dollar and twenty
cents a bushel, deducting the three cents duty
which she must pay. She gets, then, a dollar and
seventeen cents. Suppose she continues her voy-
age to the United States, how will the account
stand ? Admitting, for the sake of the argument,
that the wheat she brings will come in free of duty
under our reciprocity, tieaties, she will get one dol-
lar a bushel; butfrom Lhis amount she must deduct
twenty cents for cost of transpoitation fiom Gieat
Britain here. She will get eighty cents here in-
stead of one dollar and seventeen cents in Eng-
land—thirty-seven cents a bushel less; and this,
on a cargo of several thousand bushels, will amount
to no inconsiderable sum. The Northern Germans
have the reputation of being rather heavy, but they
are, so far as I have had the opportunity of ob-
serving them, the Yankees of the Continent in
bargaining; and 1 think they j^ll be found alto-
gether too astute to engage 111 any such enterprises
as honorable Senators apprehend. They will carry
on a severe competition with us in supplying ling-
land with wheat; but they are just as unlikely to
compete with us in our markets as we are to com-
pete with Newcastle m supplying London with
coal.
Under the construction, therefore, which Sena-
tors give to the bill, 1 am satisfied its operation
would be as beneficial to us as to tile Slates with
which we have reciprocity treaties. But I contend
that these treaties will not be affected by this ar-
langement. if 1 am not mistaken, the privileges
we confer will also be acquired by us, and we can-
not, in any event, be loseis.
Let me now turn to considerations which directly
concern the commercial intercourse of Canada and
the United States.
In order to understand the subject in all its bear-
ings, it will be necessary to see what Canada is,
and what she has done for us in the removal of
restrictions upon our commerce with her.
The population of Canada (1 use a general term,
as the two provinces are now united; is 1,527,757
souls, or, in round numbers, a million and a half.
With less variety and fertility of soil than the
United States, a more rigorous climate, and with
colonial restrictions calculated, under the most
favorable view of the subject, to impede the devel-
opment of her resources, to shackle the operations
of industry, and to abridge the freedom of indi-
vidual enterprise, which is always the most pow-
erful stimulous to exertion, it is not to be expected
that her progress will keep pace with our own in •
population or in social and physical improvement.
The policy of Great Britain has, within a few
years, undergone some important changes, favor-
able to her in a commercial and political view.
Canada, it is true, has lost some exclusive privi-
leges by a relaxation of the colonial system of the
mother country, but the latter has extended to her
some new facilities, by surrendering the control of
the custom-house, so far as respects the imposition
of duties; and she has also conceded the principle
of the responsibility of ministers which exists at
home, so that when the Governor is not sustained
in his policy by the Provincial Parliament, he is
I bound to change his advisers, or, in other words
his Executive Council, which may be considered
as the ministry of the colony. The Canadian
Government is thus assimilated to that of Great
Britain in the essential feature of its responsibility
to the popular voice—a concession which has been
gained after a long and patient struggle on the part
of a few able and patriotic men in Canada.
Almost cotemporaneous with this fundamental
change in the political administration of the affairs
of Canada was another of equal importance in re-
spect to her commercial independence. In 1846',
an act of Parliament was passed giving the legis-
lative authority of the British colonies the right to
regulate their own duties of customs, in respect to
British as well as foreign products. At that time
there were no duties imposed by British acts on
British goods imported into Canada, although
there were duties imposed by such acts on for-
eign goods; but there were acts of the Canadian
Legislature, made for revenue, imposing additional
or cumulative duties on foreign goods, and a duty
of five per cent, on British goods. There was
also an act of Parliament declaring that no goods
should, "upon importation into any of the British
possessions in America, be deemed to be of the
growth, production, or manufacture of the United
Kingdom, unless imported from the United King-
dom."
The effect of"this condition of the law was to
prevent the importation of British goods into Can-
j ada through the United States, and to impose-on
! the productions of the United States and other
, countries duties which were protective as to those
j of Great Britain and Canada.
i As early a'te 1843 the duty on the importation of
| wheatand flour, of the growth ofthe United States,
l-going through Canada to the United Kingdom,
I was reduced to three shillings provincial duty, the
I quarter of eight bushels, and one shilling British
duty, without reference to the sliding-scale, by
which the importation of breadstufTs from other
countries was regulated. -The consequence was,
a large importation of wheat and flour from the
United States into England through Canada.
The corn laws being lepealed, Canada loses this
advantage—the advantage of being a carrier for
us—and it is now as beneficial to export Canadian
wheat to England through the United States (the
expense being equal) as direct from Canada. In
other words, the wheat of Canada and the United
States has equal advantages in the British market.
In 1847, the Parliament of-Canada, acting under
the authority granted by the Imperial Government,
repealed the differential duties, and the new table
or tariff of duties then enacted applies equally to
goods of all kinds, whether coming from England
or the United States. We are, in this respect,
placed on the footing of the mother country.
This equality was effected by a double operation
of law: first, by reducing the rate of duty on goods
of the United States; and secondly, by increasing
the rate on British goods, thus bringing both to
the same standard or scale. There can be no
better evidence of the liberality of tfte Canadians,
and of their earnest desire to put their commercial
intercourse with us on the most friendly footing.
The consequence of this change of the law has
been to create a considerable importation of British
and foreign goods into Canada through the United
"States, and also to cause a large importation of the
productions of the United States into Canada for
