830
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 23
affect production with us, with twenty millions of
people, seems to me a very idle apprehension. It
has been stated, on high authority, that the entire
trade of the British North American colonies, with
threemillions of people, does not equal thatof Con-
necticut, with only three hundred thousand inhabi-
tants. The morenumerous,active,and enterprising
must always have the advantage in exchanging on
equal terms. The very fact that we send into New
Brunswick every year at least one hundred thou-
sand barrels of flour, and probably as large an
amount into Nova Scotia, seems to indicate that
we might enter into successful competition with
Upper in supplying Lower Canada, if all duties
were to be removed. At least our surpluses will,
to some extent, meet there.
Looking to the wheat culture alone, therefore, I
should have no fears. But if we consider the sub-
ject m connection with the export of cattie, corn,
salted meats, and other articles, there can be no
reasonable ground to apprehend that we shall be
lowers. We must be gainers. Large quantities
of cattle and corn are now exported. to Canada,
with a specific duty, equal to about twenty per
♦ cent, against them. We sent into Canada in 1S44
thirteen thousand barrels of pork, and in 1847
about the same quantity, with a specific duty of
one dollar and twenty cents the cwt. against us.
The removal of these duties carrnot but have a
most decided influence in increasing the traffic of
the northwestern States with Canada.
It has been suggested that the proposed measure,
by removing the duties on the enumerated products,
will destroy the protection which those duties se-
cure to our agricultural industry. The answer to
this suggestion is, that the proposed arrrangement
is founded upon a mutual abolition of duties, and
that the protection extended to like articles of the
production of Canada will also be removed. There
can be no necessity of protecting our products
against Canada, when she ceases to protect her
products against us. But the measuie will, in
truth, be of infinite advantage to our agriculture.
Canada sends few products to us; we send many
to her. We produce corn, which she needs, and
which she cannot raise. Her winters are longer
than ours; and,^as the expense of keeping caitle
from autumn to spring is greater, she will always
rely on us for her supplies*both for the slaughter-
house and for farming purposes. There is now
a duty of §4 40 a head on cows, and seven dol-
lars a head on oxen, on importation into Canada.
The removal of these duties will be a great ad-
vantage to us. In short, under all its aspects,
this measure will, on examination, be admitted
to be of infinite benefit to oui agriculture. It will,
in most cases, remove duties on our products,
which operate as a direct discouragement to their
exportation,"while the removal of the duties on the
like articles of the production of Canada cannot
affect us, as those duties are chiefly on products
which wiil not comc into competition with ours,and
are therefore not protective. In a word, I can fancy
no measure more likely to be beneficial to our ag-
riculture than this. The highest species of protec-
tion to industry is that which opens new markets
for its products. In this point of view this measure
i& eminently protective; it is just, legitimate, effect-
ive protection; and if gentlemen desire (as 1 have
no doubt they do) to advance the agricultural in-
terests of the country, they ought to sustain it.
Let me now state a few further statistical facts
to the Senate, for the purpose of showing how
little influence finy increased interchange of prod-
ucts with Canada under this bill is likely to have on
our ^aggregate exchanges with loreign countries.
The duties on merchandise collected in all the
inland fiontierdistricts,commencing at Burlington,
on Lake Champlain, and terminating at Chicago,
on Lake Michigan, are as follows:
For 1845... T.. 7 $57,818 55
* or 1846 -  66,8:28 80
For 1847  (>6,019 80
Making an average of $63,555 71 per annum for
the three years.
Estimating the rate of duty at 33^ per cent., the
whole value of the articles imported from Canada
into the United States, and paying duty at the cus-
tom-houses, averages $190,667 13 per annum. A
portion of the duties was, m all probability, re-
funded under the law allowing a diawback on re-
r exportation of the articles on which the duties
were paid. I learn that the amount of goods en-
tered at Buffalo and Oswego for the benefit of
drawback was greatly increased during the last
year, as the returns, when we receive them, will
undoubtedly show; but the amount refunded-wiil
be proportionally increased, so that the treasury
will not be affected by the augmented collections
from this cause.
Our entire imports from the British North Amer-
ican colonies in i845 were of the value of about two
millions of dollars. Of this amount more than nine
hundred thousand dollars consisted*of gold and
silver, and more than eleven-hundred thousand,
including specie, were free of duty. The remain-
ing nine hundred thousand dollars arc to be divided
between Canada, Nova Scotia, and New Bruns-
wick; ancWrom the nature of the articles it is man- |
ifest that the quantity received from Canada was j
but a small portion of the amount. For instance, j
fish constituted about four hundred thousand dol- j
lars of the nine hundred thousand; and this came ;
from the Atlantic provinces. The year J847 gives j
nearly the same airgegate result. Our entire lm- |
ports from ail the British North American colonies ;
constitute a very inconsiderable pai t of our com- ;
mcrcial transactions with foreign States; and no j
change we can make m our intercourse with Can- [
ada can have any material influence upon them. j
Notwithstanding this small import from the ;
British NorJh American colonies, our commercial !
intercourse with them, including Canada, is as |
beneficial for its extent as-that with any portion of i
the world. We sent into them in 1847, products of j
the value of seven millions and a quarter of dollars— I
about five million eight hundred thousand domes- f
tic, and about fourteen hundred thousand foreign. |
The foreign exports were probably, to a great ex- j
tent, sent through the United States on foreign i
account. Our imports directly from those colonies, j
the same year, were of the value of about two mil-
ions and a quarter. The remaining five millions ;
and a quarter (deducting some hundred thousand ■
on foreign account) must have been paid by bills |
on England. A large portion of our exports into
Canada is probably paid for in this way. She :
sends lumber to England, and with the proceeds i
pays us the excess of her imports from us over j
her exports to us. :
But it is only a small portion even of these ex- [
changes which this bill can affect. It is only that ;
portion which embraces the enumerated articles. ■
Now, I-have ascertained that in 1847 we did not \
import of those articles from all the British North j
American colonies an amount equal m value to one'1
hundred thousand dollars. From Canada it must
have been quite inconsiderable. The intercourse j
this bill is destined to affect is, therefore, not only :
limited in its extent, but it is essentially local in :
its character. No apprehension is expressed in
any quartei as to its piactical operation, excepting
as respects competition m the production of wheat.
I trust I have shown that even this apprehension
is without foundation- But if it were not ao, the |!
States on the frontier are those most likely to feel !•
the influence of the competition. Ohio is the ii
largest wheat-growing State in the Union. She jj
produces a little less than seventeen millions of j
bushels—nearly four times as much as Canada.
Next in order is New York, with a product of j j
fourteen millions and a half of bushels—more than
three times as much as Canada. Michigan, in
1847, with a population not one-foui th of that of '•
Canada, produced nearly twice as many bushels ;|
of wheat. These are the States which should !]
object to the free exchange proposed by the bill, |
if objection could reasonably be made in any quar- j!
ter; and yet they are the very States in which the |i
measure is most earnestly desired. It is, in truth, ;
a measure which exclusively concerns the inhab-
itants of the frontier; and i earnestly hope Sena- j|
tois representing States which are far removed j;
fiom it, and which cannot be affected by the pro-^j
posed measure, will consent that the wishes of the !;
parties immediately interested shall furnish the ,i
rule of their intercourse with each other. j]
I have endeavored to show, Mr. President, that ,j
the Canadian Government has acted with great Ii
liberality towards us; and that by reciprocally \[
removing the duties on the agricultural produc-
tions of both countries enumerated in this bill, we i,1
do no injury to any interest, but create a mutual (j
benefit. ' jj
I was very much surprised to hear the Senator |j
from Maiyland [Mi. Pjcarce] say that there was !|
no reciprocity in the proposed anaiigement; that jj
" the bill is delusive. If it pa&s, not a dollar's I;
worth of any of these products wilt be exported"
from the United States to Canada." The Senator
could not have examined this subjccc with his
accustomed care. Let me convince him that he
has not done so. In 1847 we exported to Canada
83,983 barrels of flour, and 562,553 bushels of
wheat, with a duty of about seven and a half cents
a bushel on the importation; wb also send her 64,378
bushels of other grains.
Mr. PEARCE. 1 will thank the Senator to
stale wheime he derives his information. I do not
find it in the public documents.
Mr. DiX. I have obtained the information from
the custom-house statistics of Canada, to which I
have referred, furnished at my request by the offi-
cers of the Canadian Government.
We also sent into Canada 943,280 pounds of
tallow, with a duty of one per cent., (the very
large export probably resulting from the very low
duty;) 28,000 pounds of butter, with a duty of
ipl 50 per cwt.; J ,458 oxen, with a duty of $7 a
head; 14,701 bushels of potatoes, with a duty of
ten per cent.; 49,099 bushels of apples, with a
duty of ten cents per bushel; 16,809 barrels of
salted meats, chiefly pork, with a duty of §1 20
the cwt.
The duty on sheep is nearly prohibitory. It is,
at ordinary prices, forty per cent. Nearly the same
may be said of the duty on most other animals.
Now, I do not hesitate to say, that the export of
most of the enumerated products may be very
greatly increased by the removal of the dutiesupon
them; and I am satisfied that the Senator from
M^uyland will find, on a more careful examination
of the subject', that he has entirely misapprehended
the operation of the bill upon the agricultural in-
terest of the country.
And now I wish to notice, in the briefest man-
ner, the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Phelps.] Theeiiectof the amend-
ment, if adopted, must be to defeat the measure.
It cannot be accepted by Canada. The articles the
amendment proposes to make reciprocally free are
hats, boots, shoes, and other manufactures of
leather; cotton and woollen fabrics. These are all
manufactured articles. The bill contemplates, a
fiee exchange of certain agricultural products.
The amendment changes the whole character of
the bill. It extends to a class of imports on which
Canada must rely for revenue. It would be just
as unreasonable m her to ask us to receive her
furs free of duty.
But the duties on these articles, though revenue
duties, are exceedingly moderate. They come
within the range of those proposed by General
Hamilton in his celebrated report on manufactures
made shortly after the organization of the Federal
Government. The duty on hats is Ik percent.; on
boots, shoes, arid manufactures of leather of all
kinds, an aveiage duty, I think, not exceeding 10
percent.; and on manufactures of cotton and wool
lh per cent. These duties are not only moderate,
but low; and without reference to the departure of
the amendment from the geneial policy of the bill,
it is unreasonable to ask their abolition.
Besides, the same duties are imposed on like
products of British manufacture. The mother
country has no advantage over us in this respect
m Canada, and we ought not to ask an advantage
over her.
It is quite manifest that the amendment must
defeat the bill; and 1 entreat Senators not to give
it their support. If the bill is not acceptable to
them, I trust they will, at least, conscnt to mani-
fest their opposition to it by a direct vote.
I now come to an objection to the bill which I con-
sider it proper to notice, though 1 regret to be under
the necessity of making ai*y reference to it. The
Senator from Virginia[Mr. Hunter] terms this bill
a measure " of quasi annexation, because the ad-
vantages which are urged as arising from it seem to
* relate to some such project m the future." Mr.
President, if this measure had any such object, we
might reasonably count upon the suppoit of the
Senator from Virginia, if theie were no other
ground of objection. It is but four years since
every Democratic vote in this body fiorn the north-
ern, northeastern, and northwestern States was
cast for the annexation of Texas, if Canada
should desire to unite herself to us, are we not to
expect the same uranimity among our Democratic
friends in another quarter? or are we to understand
that annexation is only to be counteiianced when
it can be fnade at one extremity of tfte Union, and
