332
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 23,
istration of her own commercial affairs, to be
driven from the liberal policy she has espoused
into the old. system of exclusion; to be thus
checked at the very outset in her attempts to cast
off the shackles which she has regarded as the
greatest impediment to her prosperity; to be driven
to this alternative, too, by us—the country, above
all others, most interested in the establishment and
maintenance of an enlightened policy m govern-
ment and in commerce.
Mr. PEAItCE said that this was the first argu-
ment made in support of the bill, and signified his
desire to look into it. He would therefore move
that the further consideration of the bill be post-
poned until to-morrow; which motion was agreed
to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. ATHERTON, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of the House amend-
ment to the amendment of the Senate to the bill
making appropriations for the current and contin-
gent expenses of the Indian Department, and for
fulfillingtreaty stipulations with the various Indian
tribes, for the year ending June 30, 1850; which
was concurred in.
CAPTAIN DAN DRAKE HENRIE.
A bill from the House for the relief of Captain
Dan Drake Henrie, was read a first and second
time.
Mr. BORLAND requested that the Senate would
now consider the bill.
The bill was then considered, read a third time,
and passed.
SLAVE TRADE.
Mr. UPHAM moved that the Committee on the
District of Columbia be discharged from the con-
sideration of the petition presented by him this
morning, on the subject of the slave trade; ex-
plaining, that the petition had been already handed
to a member of the House, who had presented it
in that branch, and had been, by some person, put
in his (Mr. Upham's) hat. He had therefore sup-
posed that it was a petition intrusted to him for
presentation.
The committee was then discharged from its
further consideration.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 23,1849.
The Journal of yesterday having been read—
Mr. HiLLlARD rose to a correction. He said
that in the vote on the motion of his colleague
• [Mr. Harris] made yesterday, to lay on the table
the motion to reconsider the vote by which the bill
in relation to the payment of interest on advances
to the State of Alabama had been passed, he (Mr.
¥•) was recorded as having voted against the mo-
tion to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
This was an error; heliad voted in the affirma-
tive, and he desired that his vote might be so re-
corded.
The SPEAKER said the Journal would "be
amended accordingly.
And then the Journal was approved.
TROPHIES OF THE LATE WAR.
Mr. SAWYER asked leave at this time to in-
troduce a joint resolution requesting the President
of the United States to deposite in the National
Institute within the city of Washington, the flags
and other trophies taken by the American armies
in the late war with Mexico, there to remain for
the inspection of all, to commemorate the gallant
deeds of our army and navy.
The SPEAKER said, the resolution could only
be introduced by unanimous consent.
Objection having been made, the resolution was
not received.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, hoped, he said, that the
resolution would be referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
'The SPEAKER explained that it had not been
received.
PRIVATE BILL.
The SPEAKER announced the business first in
order to be the bill for the relief of Robert Roberts,
heretofore reported from the Committee on Claims.
DAILY HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr, HAMPTON, of Pennsylvania, asked leave
to offer a resolution, changing the daily hour of
meeting of the House to eleven o'clock a. m., until
otherwise ordered.
Objection having been made, the resolution was
not received.
Mr. VINTON moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union; but waived the motion at the request
of-—
Mr. DUNN, who asked leave to />ffer certain
joint resolutions from the Legislature of Indiana;
first, on the subject of postage; and secondly, on
the subject of the Miami lands.
No objection having been made, the resolutions
were received.
The first series was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, and the second
to the Committee on Public Lands. ,
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. DARLING gave notice of a motion for
leave to introduce a bill supplementary to "An
act for the relief of J. P. B. Gratiot and the legal
representatives of Henry Gratiot." *
Mr. SIDNEY LAWRENCE gave notice of a
motion for leave to introduce a bill to prohibit the
vending of lottery tickets in the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. BRIDGES asked leave to offer the follow-
ing resolution; which was objected to:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the
United States of America in Congress assembled, That the 9th
section of an act entitled "An act to raise lor a limited time
an additional military force, and for other purposes/' be
constiued so as to embrace the mothers ot soldiers ol ille-
gitimate ougin who served in the anny ot'the United States
in the recent war with Mexico, and who died before war-
rants tor their "bounty land" were issued; and that the
provisions of smd section relating fo bounty land be, and
the same are hereby, extended to the mother* ol such de-
ceased soldiers.
On motion of Mr. DARLING, (by leave,) it
was
O/dci ed, That leave be granted to withdraw fiom the files
of the Ilouse the petition of Messrs. Meeker and otliers.
Mr. VINTON said that he was anxious, if pos-
sible, to get through with the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill to-day. He therefore renewed
his motion that the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. FICKLIJN asked Mr. Vinton to waive his
motion, in order to ailow him (Mr. F.) to present
certain resolutions, (he was understood to say.)
Mr. VINTON declined, remarking, that the
gentleman could present his resolutions another
day.
Mr. HUNT desired that the committees might
be called for reports.
Mr. VINTON adhered to his motion.
And the question was taken thereon, and de-
cided in the affirmative.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Smith,
of Indiana, in the chair.)
The committee resumed the consideration of the
bill making appropriations for the civil and diplo-
matic expenses of the Government for the fiscal
year ending the 30th day of June, 1850, and for
other purposes.
Mr. VINTON said, he hoped the committee
would allow him to say, that he wished the com-
mittee would remain in session to-day, with a view,
if possible, to finish this bill.
THE PATENT OFFICE.
Mr. FARRELLY inquired if any amendments
had been offered for the Patent Office ?
The CHAIRMAN said that portion of the bill
had not yet been read.
A suggestion was made, that the head " Miscel-
laneous" was the proper place for these amend-
ments, and that that portion of the bill had already
been gone through with.
The CHAIRMAN said an amendment having
reference to the Patent Office would now be in order.
Mr. FARRELLY thereupon moved the follow-
ing amendment:
Towards the ciection of the wingd ot the Patent Office
building, according to the original plan, $50,000, to be paid
out of tne Patent Fund.
Mr. FARRELLY, m explanation, said, the
necessity of an enlargement of the Patent Office
building has been urged by the Commissioner of
Patents, in the reports, foi the last three years.
The amendment is simitar to one, offered at the
last session. The law requires a classification of
the models; but, in consequence of want of room,
no classification can be made. The models are
piled upon each other, so as to be useless to per.
sons wishing to examine them, and a cause of
delay to the examiners, who are obliged to have
access to them. There is not sufficient room
for the convenient accommodation of the" offi-
cers. The upper hall is occupied by the collec-
tions and curiosities of the Exploring Expedition
and National institute. It is understood that
these can be removed to the Smithsonian build-
ings in twff or three years; but if the number of
applications for patents increase in the same ratio
as they do now, there will not be room for a prop-
er arrangement of the models within the hall.
The models should be so arranged as to give an
observer a distinct view of each model in the case.
There are a sufficient number of patented model"
to fill the hall, if arranged in this manner, and it
would take at least four times as much space to
exhibit them properly as is now occupied in the
room appropriated to them. In three years, five
thousand additional models will probably be col-
lected, which would require more room than the
present building could furnish.
The Patent Office fund, according to the report
of the Commissioner, amounted on the 1st of Jan-
uary, 1848, to upwards of $207,000. The surplus
of the present year, over all expenses, exceeds
$8,000, which gives upwards of $>215,000 now in
the treasury to the credit of the Patent Office fund.
The estimate of the architect of the cost of erect-
ing the two wings, according to the original plan,
is §150,000. The Patent Office fund is set apart
by law for the use of the office. No more appro-
priate expenditure can be made of this fund than
providing necessary buildings for the transaction
of the business of the office, and the proper clas-
sification and arrangement of models.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
Mr. HENLEY offered the following amendment:
For the purchase ofsuch scientific works as are necessary
tor the use of the Patent Ofliee,
Foi compensation ol Librarian, ^500.
For the collection ot agricultural statistics, and other pur-
poses,
For defi aying the expenses of chemical analyses ol veget-
able substances produced and used for the lood of man and
animals in the United Slates, to be expended under the
direction of the Commissioner of Patents, winch
several snuis, amounting in the whole to ^d,o0ll, shall be
paid out ol' the Patent tund.
This amendment was agreed to. «
CUSTOM-HOUSE AT PORTLAND.
Mr. GRINNELL moved the following amend-
ment :
For tiic purchase of a building to be Used for holding the
courts ol' the United States, post office, and custoin-house
at Portland, in the State ot Maine, a sum not exceeding
{$149,000: Growled, That tire Secretary ot the Tieasury shall
at'tei 1'nll examination, deem such purchase expedient and
for the interest of the United States.
Mr. FICKLIN was understood (as a point of
Older) to suggest that tins was the same proposition1
which had been voted down yesterday.
Mr. GRINNELL was understood to say,it was
carried m amendment.
The'amendment was ruled to be in order.
Mr. G., in explanation, said that he had again
offered the amendment, because he believed that
the building should be purchased, and that it was
economy to make the purchase at this time. The
United States were now paying for the use of it.
The purchase was recommended by the collector
of the port, by the postmaster, and by the judges
of the United States courts. They said that the
building was admirably adapted for the purpose.
Mr. G. sent to the Clerk's table a letter on the
subject ftom the Secretary of the Treasury, which
was read.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
NEW YORK CUSTOM-HOUSE CLERKS.
Mr. TALLMADGE offered the following
amendment:
To certain clerks who performed extra service in the
custom-house ol New York, in the year eighteen hundred
and !urt)-one, tlfe sum oflouiUien bundled and seventy-
foar dollars, according to the estimate ot the Auditoi, made
the lout teenth of October, eighteen hundred and forty-one.
Mr. T. stated that he held in his hand a report
which had been made by the gentleman from New
Jersey, [Mr. Gregory,] in which the facts of the
case were succinctly stated almost in a single sen-
tence.
Mr. T. explained the character of the extra
