1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
333
labor which had been performed. It appeared to
him, he said, that the appropriation was reason-
able and right. It was so regarded by the Govern-
ment, to which great service had been rendered by
the extra services which these clerks had per-
formed.
Mr. SAWYER raised the point that this amend-
ment was nptin order, there being no law providing
for the appropriation. He added, that thjs claim,
if a good one, should be passed in the form of a
private bill, like other private claims.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment in
order.
Mr. POLLOCK (on a pro forma amendment to
the amendment) opposed the amendment of Mr.
Tallmadge, and said th'e claim had come before
the Committee on Claims of the twenty-ninth Con-
gress, and had been reported upon adversely by
them. He had no doubt but these clerks at that
time had done more than the clerks in the public
employ usually did, but no more than they ought
to do.
Mr. HARALSON stated that there was now a bill
upon the private calendar for the payment of this
claim; and he raised the point, that this being the
fact, the amendment was not in order.
The CHAIRMAN sustained the objection, and
ruled the amendment out of order.
Mr. VINTON offered the following amend-
ments:
To enable tile Clerk of tile House of Representatives to
pay for twelve copies of the Congressional Globe and twelve
copies of the Appendix, for each member of the House of
Representatives, under the resolution of the lstot March,
1847, $8,280.
To enable the Clerk of tile House of Representatives to
pay for .336 copies of the seventh volume of the Document-
ary History of the American Revolution, being the lirst vol-
ume of the fifth series of that woik, ,>£8,747 52.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr! VINTON offered the following amend-
ment, to come in between lines 349 and 550,
(printed bill): '
For the leappropriation of this sum, (carried to the sur-
plus fund,) for payment to the widow ot James McDonald,
deceased, said McDonald's share of the sum granted by
Congress for distribution as prize-money among the captors
of the British tuig Detroit, during the last war with Cieat
Britain, $37 50.
This amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VINTON offered the following amend-
ment, to come in between lines 552 and 553,
(printed bill):
For the erection of a custom-house at Eastport, in the
State of Maine, in addition to the amount heretofore appro-
priated for that object, ,<fl3,000.
This amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VINTON offered the following, to come in
between lines551 and 552, (printed bill:)
For the redemption of the treasury scrip heretofore
issued tor the satislaction of the bounties piomised to the
non-commissioned officers, musicians, and privates, by tile
9th section ot the act of the Uth ot' February, 1847, to raise
for a limited tune an additional military foiee, and lor other
uuiposes, and for the satisfaction in money ot sueh bounties
due under said section ot said act as those to whom they
are du6 may elect to receive in money instead of land,
8300,000
And the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby directed,
immediately after the passage of this act, to give notice, by
publication for sixty days in at least one of the principal pa-
peis 111 Washington City, Baltimore, Philadelphia, New
Vni It, and Boston, and in sueh other papers as he may deem
expedient, that the pnneipal and interest ot such scrip as
has been issued prior to the 1st of July, A. 11., 1840, will be
paid on that day on presentation at the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States, and that the interest on sueh scrip will cease on
that day. And the said Secretiny is turther directed not to
issue seup for said bounties after that day, but to pay the
same in money out of this appropriation in all cases where
the person entitled to the bounty in land shall electto receive
money ul lieu thereof.
He explained that this amendment was offered
in pusuance of the recommendation of the Secre-
r tary of the Treasury. The committee were no
doubt aware that this bounty land scrip was a six
per cent, stock, redeemable at the pleasure of the
Government; but there was no law authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to redeem it. The Sec-
retary of the Treasury recommended that he be
authorized to redeem this scrip; the Committee of
Ways and Means were of the opinion that it was
for the interest of the Government to redeem it
whenever there was money in the treasury to en-
able it to be done.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALL, of New York, moved an amend-
ment for the purchase of a site for a marine hos-
pital at Buffalo, New York; provided that the
Secretary of the Treasury was of the opinion that
a marine hospital was demanded at that place by
the public interest.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
order.
Mr. VINTON moved to strike out the words
" without compensation," in lines 594 and 595, (of
the printed bill.) Agreed to.
Mr. VINTON moved to insert the following, be-
tween lines 595 and 596, (printed bill:)
For completing the light-house on Brandy wine shoals,
DelawaieBay, $29,S02 61.
For completing the light-bouse on Carysfort reef, eoast
of Flonda, $31,5y0 76. f
Mr. HUNT, of New York, moved the follow-
ing amendment:
To pay the balance due to Ebenezer Warner, for con-
structing the hgiil-house at White Fisli f'oinl,, on Lake Su-
perior,
He briefly explained the amendment.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, raised the objection that
the claim was a private claim, and stood upon the
same footing with all others, and therefore was
not in otder in a general appropriation bill.'
The CHAIRMAN overruled the objection.
Mr. COBB appealed.
The CH AIRM AN stated the grounds of his decis-
ion. If it was a new question, he said he might per-
haps decide otherwise; but it had been the prac-
tice of the House, ever since he had had a seat on
this floor, to cmbrace appropriations of this kind
in general appropiiation bills. It was not lor the
Chair to decide that the House had acted improp-
erly, and in violation of its own rules, m embra-
cing these appropriations. The Chair, therefore,
decided that the amendment was in order.
The question, "Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee?" was
taken, and agreed to. Ayes 70, noes 56.
The amendment having been decided in order,
the question was taken upon it, and it was agreed
to: Ayes 84, noes 43.
marine hospital a.t napoleon.
Mr. VINTON, under instructions, he said, from
the Committee of Ways and Means, offered an
amendment appropriating $20,000 for the comple-
tion of the Marine Hospital at Napoleon, Ar-
kansas.
The amendment was agreed to.
MARINE HOSPITAL AT ST. L&UIS.
Mr. BO WLIN moved the following amendment:
•For the purpose of erecting a manne hospital at or near
St. Louis, Missouri, ill addition to the $10,1,00 heretofoie ap-
propriated by the act approved August 3d, 184K, tor the same
object, $'20,000, to be expended only when the Government
shall have obtained a bona fide title to the site ; and lor the
puicliase ol tile said Site, the .^10,000 heretofore appiopriated
by the act aloresaid, or sotmuch theieot as is necessary,
shall be applied.
Mr. BOWLIN.^iW explanation, said that in the
year 1842, the Government of the United States
contracted for a site for a marine hospital at St.
Louis, for the sum of seven thousand four hun-
dred dollars. The appropriation, however, was
not made until late in the session, and not within
the time limited for the payment of the money.
The man with whom the contract was made
backed out, and the money was returned into the
treasury. This was the first step in the trans-
action.
At the last session of Congress, this appropria-
tion was put in with appropriations tor Paducah,
and other hospitals. The appropiiation for ten
thousand dollars was made; but an dinendmentwas
made putting the appropriation in the form of an
appropriation for building the hospital, though as
yet no site had been purchased. There was a
mistake in the idea that a title had been acquned
to the site at St. Louis.
Mr. HUNT, made a remark, of which nothing
was heard by the reporter.
Mr. VINTON desired to inquire of the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Bowlin] whether the
Secretary of the Treasury had recommended this
appropriation?
Mr. BO WLIN said he did not know. 1 he ap-
propriation stood precisely on the same footing as
that for Paducah, Napoleon, Natchez, and all the
places which were put in the appropriation bill of
last year. But in consequence of the fact that the
money had been appropriated for the erection of
the building at St. Louis,and not for the purchase
of the site, appropriations were now inserted in the
present bill for completing the other buildings,
whilst St. Louis was left out altogether, notwith-
standing its greater commerce and population. It
was the place of resort in the sickly season for all
the navigators of the western waters. It was a
pointat which there was more tonnage, more boats,
more commerce than in any city of the West,
except the city of New Orleans; and where, at
the sickly season, more boatmen congregated than
at any otlxer point.
There was already one hospital of the finest
description in St. Louis; there was a second be-
longing to the church, and a third belonging to
private individuals; yet they could not accommo-
date one half of those who came in there.
This place had been recommended as a proper
location for a marine hospital, from time immemo-
rial. In consequence of the fact that the title to
the site had not-been procured, the appropriation
might not have been included in the estimates of
the present session. But this was a difficulty
which could be remedied.
Mr. VINTON moved to amend the amendment
by striking out " ten thousand dollars," and in-
serting "eight thousand."
He had made this motion, he said, merely for
the purpose of saying a few words in explanation.
The Secretary of the Treasury Jiad recommended
appropriations for all those hospitals heretofore
provided for, where the sites had been purchased.
Since the bill now under consideration had been
reported, the Secretary of the Treasury had made
a communication to the Committee of JVays and
Means, informing them that the title of the United
States was perfected to the site for a hospital at
Napoleon, Arkansas, and recommending that an
appropriation for it be made. But the Secretary
of the Treasury had recommended no appropria-
tion for the hospital at St. Louis, because the title
to the land was not perfected.
Mr. BOWLIN. We never can have a title, un-
less the appropriation contemplated by my amend-
ment is made.
Mr. VINTON. It may be proper that the ap-
propriation should be made. I knowtheimportance
of St. Louis; but we cannot permit amendments
to come in upon the mere opinions of individual
members of the House. These appropriations are
under the charge of the proper officers of the Gov-
ernment, and when we make an appropriation, we*
look to the estimates of the officers having charge
of the work3. This is the objection which 1 have
to the amendment of the gentleman from Missouri.
If it is a proper appropriation, it should be made;
and if the state of facts is such as to justify it, let
thc^gentleman goto the Secretary of the Treasury
and get the proper recommendation.
Mr. BOWLIN said that the Secretary of the
Treasury could make no recommendation in con-
sequence of the title not having been procured to
the site; 'and he (Mr. B.) repeated, that unless
his amendmgnt was adopted, thP title never could
be procured. He wanted to change the form of the
appropriation.
Mr. VINTON. Then the gentleman wants to
leave the old law, and offer an amendment for
something else. If that is so, that is a subject
upon which we should have a recommendation
from the department. I do not object to the ap-
propriation: 1 say it may be proper. But it comes
here in such an irregular way, that we cannot
properly vote for it. It may be, for anything I
know to the contrary, that forty thousand dollars
would be a proper appropriation, insLead of ten.
Of that, the proper officers must judge. Some of
these appropriations are for twenty thousand dol-
lars, and some for other sums. They are in ac-
cordance with the recommendations of the officers
who had charge of the works.
Mr. V. withdrew his motion.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, (pro forma,) re-
newed it. He had taken some pains, he said, to
examine into the state of facts connected with
these various hospitals. The fund which was
originally appropriated for the pur6hase of a site
for the hospital at St. Louis, had been replaced, or
had gone to a sinking fund, or something of that
kind. The appropriation .was made for the pur-
chase of the site. The title was not perfected in
time to take the benefit of the appropriation.
There the matter stood now. Upon the books of
the treasury, there was no appropriation for the
purchase of a site at St. Louis.
Mr. VINTON. If that is the state of facts, the
Committee of Ways and Means, in all such cases,
get from the Secretary of the Treasury a state-
