838
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 23.
to hear the term " demagogue" defined. Some
gentlemen seemed to think that it conveyed the
idea of something that was very low. If he under-
stood what these gentlemen meant by the word, it
had a direct application to what he was now about
to say.
X'he CHAIRMAN interposed, and intimated
that the gentleman was traveling beyond the " ex-
planation" laid down by the rule.
Mr. JOHNSON said he would make the appli-
cation of his remarks bear directly upon his motion.
. It' he understood what gentlemen meant by the
word " demagogue," it was this: that when moves
were made here which the people, if they knew
them, would condemn—when propositions were
made to expend money unnecessarily and improp-
erly, as the people themselves would say if they
knew how it was to be applied—the man who set
himself up, or whose position enabled him to expose
these propositions, and to give to the people the
information which they ought to possess, that man
was a demagogue.
What, then, was a demagogue? He was a man
who dared to come forward liere and oppose ap-
propriations of money for objects which the people
themselves, if they understood them, would put
down as beiftg against their notions of right, of
economy, and of justice. This was a demagogue;
and there was m the minds of some gentlemen
something associated with the term that was ex-
ceedingly low and vulgar. If it was low, if it
was vulgar, if it was contemptible, to lefer to what
existed in the public mind—to things which the
people} if they could see, would condemn—how
much more low, and vulgar, and contemptible
must be the thing condescended to! What, then,
did this worcMeiriagogue mean? That the people
were low; that the people were vulgar; and when
gentlemen pronounced such a man a demagogue,
it was, in effect, saying that the people 
The CHAIRMAN interposed with the remark
that the gentleman's observations were not in order,
because lnelevant.
Mr. JOHNSON asked what the point of order
was?
The CHAIRMAN explained.
Mr. JOHNS.ON said he did not wish to be dis-
• orderly or irrelevant; and that, if the Chair would
have a little patience, he (Mr. J.) would show that
his remarks were pertinent.
The CHAIRMAN decided that the remarks
were not in order. The gentleman could appeal
from the decision if he thought proper.
Mr. JOHNSON said it was quite a draw upon
his patience to submit to the irrelevancy of the
Chair.
The CHAIRMAN said the gentleman could ex-
plain his amendment, and must confine himself to
that.
Mr. JOHNSON said that when he was inter-
rupted, he had been about to say that he wished to
exonerate himself in respect to this appropriation
of ten thousand dollars for the purchase of portraits,
against the charge of demagogism; and to show
that when gentleman denounced those who opposed
such appropriations as demagogues, they were in
tact denouncing the people, and not the individu-
als. If the people themselves were here, weuldthey
submit to these appropriations ? What was the ap-
propriation when narrowed down to the true point?
Ten thousand dollars to buy portraits, to be hung
upon the'walls of the President's House. Would
the honest yeomanry of the country submit to such
appropriations?
The five minutes expired.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman insist
on his amendment?
Mr. JOHNSON. I insist upon it. But I should
prefer to change its form. I withdraw my original
amendment, and I move to amend the amendment
by striking out nine thousand'nine hundred and
ninety-nine dollars of the appropriation.
[Several "Voices: That leaves just a dollar for
the purchase of the portraits.]
The question was then taken on the amendment
8 of Mr. Johnson, and by ayes 79, noes 53, it was
agreed to.
The question then recurred on the amendment,
as thus amended.
Mr. SCHENCK inquired whether the amend-
ment as amended did not leave one dollar.
The CHAIRMAN having replied in the affirm-
ative—
Mr. SCHENCIC moved to amend the amend-
ment by directing the appropriation to be applied
to the- portrait of Mr. Polk.
But Mr. S. withdrew his amendment.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment as amended was rejected. „ " .
CLERKS IN" THE DEPARTMENTS.
Mr. EMBREE offered the following as an ad-
ditional section to the bill:
Sec. 3. Be it further enacted) That no clerk or other officer
shall receive the salary of any secretary or head of bureau
for acting or having acted in his place or office, while such
secretaiy or head of buieau receives such salary.
Mr. E., in explanation, said that he understood
that a new practice had been commenced in the
departments of the Government, by the appoint-
ment of inferior officers or clerks to discharge the
duties of heads of bureaus, or secretaries of de-
partments, and that the inferior clerks in such
cases received the full compensation of the Secre-
tary or the head of the bureau. If this principle
was to be adopted, and former accounts were to be
settled in accordance with it, it would cost the Gov-
ernment some hundreds of thousands of dollars.
The object of the amendment was to check this
practice in the different bureaus and offices.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON", of Delaware, offered the fol-
lowing amendment, which was agreed to:
For annual repairs of the Capitol, attendance on furnaces
in the crypt, attendance on water-closets, for public gar-
dener and laborers and cartage on the Capitol grounds; tools,
wire, leather, nails, stakes, boxes, straw for grounds, and
whitewashing; graveling the walks in the Capitol grounds,
manure and trees for grounds; repairs of public stables;
flagging;, enclosures, &c.; keeping in order the iron pipes
thatconvey watei to the Capitol and public offices, and re-
pairing damage by freshets; brooms, brushes, wooden spades,
shoveling snow, repauing abutments at Tiber creek, and
building protecting walls, enclosing and impioving the pub-
lic grounds at the north, south, ami west of the Capitol, and
the open triangular spaces on Pennsylvania avenue, $17,000.
For annual repairs of President's House, gardener, and
laborers, gtaveling the walks m President's square, manure,
leather, nails, tools, &.c., and repairs of fence at Lafayette
square, fountain square, and President's garden, cartage,
&c., §3,500.
For lighting Pennsylvania avenue from Capitol square to;
the Treasury Depaitment, and compensation for one lamp-
lighter for the same, and foi lighting the Capitol and Capitol
grounds and President's House, $6,000, to l>e expended un-
der the direction of the Commissioner of Public Buildings.
PUBLIC LANDS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. HENLEY moved the following amend-
ment:
Be it further enacted, That the sum of fifty thousand
dollars be, and the same is hereby appropriated out of
any money in the treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
surveying the public lauds in California, to be expended
under the direction of the President ot the United States,
until otherwise provided lor by law: AM provided, further,
That the Piesident shall be authonzed, if in his opinion it
shall be deemed advisable, to institute a geological and
rmneralogical examination of California to be made, and
that th^xpenses tor the same shall be defrayed out of said
sum oflnty thousand dollars.
Mr. HENLEY, in explanation, said he was
satisfied that no proposition for the survey of the
public lands in California would be passed in any
general law. For that reason, and as he believed
that there was no necessity for passing a law autho-
rizing the survey, he proposed to make the appro-
priation here.
Mr. VINTON desired to be'informed whether
this appropriation had been recommended by the
Committee on Public Lands, or whether any other
committee had had the subject in charge? It cer-
tainly had not been before the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. HENLEY. It has not, I believe, been
recommended by the Committee on Public Lands.
I make the proposition now, because I believe
that it is too late to pass any general law on the
subject. The importance of the subject made the
appropriation necessary.
Mr. COLLAMER raised the point of order on
the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment in or-
der.
And the question having been taken, the amend-
ment was rejected.
Mr. VINTON moved that the committee rise
and report the bill and amendments to the House.
BOOKS TO MEMBERS
Mr. EDWARDS offered the following amend-
ment:
Be it farther enacted, That the sums of money appropriated
in this bill for books be deducted from the pay of those mem-
bers who voted for the appropriation.
Mr. EDWARDS, in explanation, said that he
had voted in favor of the appropriation, and was
of course willing that the amendment should op-
erate upon himself precisely as it would upon any
other member. He had no apology to make for
the vote he had given. He would send to the
Clerk's table the New York " Tribune" of Janu-
ary 18, and would request the Clerk to read the
paragraph which he (Mr. E.) had marked.
The Clerk read the following:
"And yet, Mr. Speaker, it has been hinted if not asserted
on this floor, that I voted for these Congressional books! J
certainly voted against tliein at every opportunity, when I
understood the question. I voted against agreeing to that
item ot the report of the Committee of the Whole in favor of
the deficiency bill, and, the item prevailing, I voted against
the whole bill. I tiied to be against them at every opportu-
nity. But it seems that on somestand-up vote in Committee
of the Whole, when I utterly misunderstood what was the
question before the committee, I voted for this it<m. Gen-
tlemen say I did, and I must presume they arc right. I cer-
tainly never meant to do so, and f did all in my power in the
House to defeat this appropriation. But it is common with
me in incidental and hasty divisions, when T do not clearly
understand the point to be decided, (o vote with the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Vinton,]
who is so generally right, and who has special tharge of
appropriation bills, and of expediting business generally.
Thus only can I have voted for thesfc books, as on all other
occasions I certainly voted against them."
The paragraph having been read—
Mr. EDWARDS (addressing Mr. Greeley)
said, I wish to inquire of the gentleman from New
York, if I am in order, whether that is his edito-
rial ?
Mr. GREELEY rose 
The CHAIRMAN interposed, and said that
thi3 was not the subject-matter of debate, not being
properly an explanation as prescribed by the rule.
The discussion was wholly irrelevant.
Mr. EDWARDS. I have offered my amend-
ment as an additional section to the bill.
Mr. GREELEY. I certainly think I am enti-
tled to say a word in explanation.
[Cries of " Hear him—Hear Greeley"—with
objections.]
Mr. EDWARDS. You are, then, the author
of that article?
Mr. GREELEY. I think I am entitled 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman can pro-
ceed only by unanimous consent. Gentlemen
must see where this will lead to, if irrelevant mat-
ters of this kind are allowed to be discussed.
Mr. EDWARDS. I want to know the decision
of the Chair upon my motion.
Mr. GREELEY. I think I am entitled to an-
swer the gentleman's interrogatory.
The CHAIRMAN. Every gentleman mustsee
where this will lead, if the discussion is to go on.
The Chair thinks it is his duty to restrain discus-
sion within proper limits; and, under the rule, it
is clearly improper to go into a discussion in rela-
tion to an editorial in any paper, or the personal
conduct of a member, or into any matter of that
kind.
Mr. EDWARDS. The Chair has misunder-
stood my motion. ^
Mr. DUER. Cannot the gentleman be heard by
unanimous consent.
Mr. EDWARDS appealed from the decision of
the Chair.
The question, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the Committee?" was
taken, and decided in the negative.
So the decision of the Chair was reversed.
Mr. GREELEY said, every gentleman here
must remember that that was but the substance of
what he had spoken on this floor.
His colleague next him [Mr. Rumsey] had told
him, that upon one occasion he (Mr. G.) had
voted for the appropriation for books when he did
not understand the vote. He (Mr. G.) had voted
for tellers when a motion was made to pass the
item; but by mistake the chairman passed over the
motion for tellers, and counted him in favor of the
item.
Mr. EDWARDS. I understand, then, that the
gentleman voted without understanding what he
was voting upon, and that he would have voted
against taking the books had he not been mistaken.
Mr. GREELEY assented.
Mr. EDWARDS. I asseit that that declaration
is unfounded in fact. I have the proof that the
gentleman justified his vote both before and after
the voting.
Mr. GREELEY called for the proof.
Mr. EDWARDS said he held himself responsi-
ble, jiot elsewhere, but here, to prove that the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Greeley] had justi-
fied his vote in favor of the books both before and
