338
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 24,
rose and reported the bill to the House, with sun-
dry amendments,
- The House proceeded to theconsideration of the
said bill and amendments, when—
Mr. VINTON move.? the previous question,
whi§h was seconded, and the main question or-
dered, viz: Will the House agree to the said
amendments ?
The first amendment was read as follows; in-
sert at the end of the item tor the pay and mileage
of members of Congress the following: ]
Provided, That hereafter the allowance for mileage for i
coming to and returning from the f&at of Government shall |
be teir cents' per mile, the distance to be computed by the |
usual post-iontefrom the residence of the Senator, Ktfpre- !
, sensitive, or Delegate; and in lieu of pay per diem, and all :
other compensation or allowances, each Senator, Repre-
sentative, or Delegate from a Territory s-hall be allowed and ;
paid for his service two thousand dollars per annum. 1
And the question beinrr put, Will the House ;
agree to said' amendment?" it was decided in the
negative. ;
The yeas and nays having been called for and ;
ordered, were taken, and resulted—yeas 36, nays j
150—as follows: !
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, A<hmnn, Bedinger, .Belcher, |:
Burt, Fiankim Clark. Cranston, Pnet. Dunn. Feather*ton.
Giddmgs, Gregory, [rvm, {verso.i, Jame< H. Johnson, John ji
W. Jones, Daniel P. King, Ln Sdrc, Mai lay, >loise. ? Jnr- jj
phy, Nieoll, Omlaw, Palfrey, PeasleerPendleton, Petiie, ij
Reynolds, Schenck, Sherrill, CaleT? B. Smith, Thurston, |!
Toombs, Tuck, Vinton, and Woodvvaid—36. |
NAYS—Adams, Atkinson, B.arrmger, Barrow, ;
Beale, Bwaham, Blaekmar, Docoek, Bowdon, Bovvhn, j
Boyden,B ady, Bridges, Brodhead, A'heit G. IB-own, Butler, i
Canby, Cathc <ut, Olmpsnan, Clapp, Clingman, Howell Cobb, |
Williamson R. W. Cohh, Cooke. Collamer, Collins, Oongei, ,
Crovwll,Crozier, Daniel,Darlinj*,Dick-'y,Dickinson, Dixon, ;
Donnell, Harnett Duncan. Kckerf, Ild.-all, Edwards, Em-
bree, Alexander Evuuf, N.uhin Ev;uis F.mn, Eari elly,
Ficklin, Fisher, Flonrnoy, Fre«>dlev. French, Flies Fulton,
Gaines,Gayle, Gojy^in. Gott, Green, Gret l< y, Grinneil, V/il^
J ird P. Hall, Nailmn K. Hnli, Uammon?, J.tmos G. Hampton, ,
IVIo^es H unpton, Haralson, Ham-, Ilenlcy, ffenry, Hill.
IIilhard. Georue S. Houston, Hubbard, IFnd-on, Ifunr, Ini*r>, |
Joseph II. Jnijmoll. Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, Robert W.
Johnson, George W. Jones, Kaufman, Kennon, Thomas |j
Butler Kins, Lahrn, William T. Lawiene^, Sidnev Law- |i
renee, Lefrlei, Li^jori, Lincoln, Loid, Lnmpkm, Lvnde, :j
McClelland, McDowell. Melh.iine, MeK.i}, Job Mann, I1
Horace Mann, Mar h, Marvin, Meade, Miller, Moiehead, |
Morns, Mullm, ?>f-Ison, jNewell; Peek, Pettit, Peuon, jj
Phelps, Pollock, Preston, Putnam, Richev, Juiius Koek- ij
well, John A. Rockwell, Roman,-Hoot, Ht. John, |
Sawyer. Sheppctd, Slimrerlnnd, 5?nnrt, Robert Smith, Tru-
man Smith, Stanthn, Starkweather, Chailes E. Stuart,
Strohm, Strong,Talh«adge,Tayloi, Thomas, James Thomp-
son, John B Thompson, Robert A. Thompson, William
Thomp-on, Turner, Van Dyke, Venahle, VVallac.e, Warren,
Wentworth, VV|nte, Wick, Wiley, Williams, Wilmot, and
Wilson—100.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, moved that the
vote by which the House refused to agree to the
said amendment be reconsidered, and that the mo-
tion to reconsidcr ha laid upon the table*, which
latter motion was agreed to.
# The other amendments were then severally read
and agreed to, (some of which have been hereto-
fore and some this day published in this paper in
the proceedings of the Committee of the Whole on
the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill,) and
the question was stated, Shall the bill he engrossed
and lead a thiid time r and, being put, was decided
in the afriiins'ive.
Mr, VINTON moved that the vote by which
the bill was ordered to he engrossed and read a
third time be reconsidered, and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
The bill being engrossed, was read a third time.
And the question was stated on the passage of
„the bill.
Mr. VINTON moved the previous question,
which was seconded, and the main question was
ordered, xva: Shall the bill pass?
And bfi!{}£ put,
It was ne^'Jod in the affirmative.
Mr. VINTON moved that the vote by which the
bPl was passe'; be reconsidered; and also moved j:
that the morion to reconsider be laid upon the !
table; whi-h Matter motion was agreed to. # i!
Mr. ROBINSON mede a report from the Com1 ■ !
a charter and a grantof land for the construction of a railroad
from .the Mississippi river, or Lake Michigan, to the Pacific
Ocean.
By Mr. PfLSBURY: The memorial of the citizens of the
State of Texas for the "right of way1' for a railroad from
tht Rio Grande,,the western boundary ot Texas, through
the territory or territories of the,Unite®*States to the Pa-
cific, in any line south of thirty-six degrees Unity minutes
north latitude.
By Mr. WENTWORTH: The petition of merchants of
Chicago for a lightship and buoys on the Niagara river.
By Mr. PUTNAM : The petition of Aaion TnfFts and 207
others, citizens of the 33d Congressional district of New
York, praying Congress to pass a law organizing territorial
governments for New Mexico and California; and prohibit-
ing the introduction of slavery in said territories-. Ateo,
resolutions of the New York Legislatuic relating to the
same subject, and to the abolition ot the slave trade in the
District of Columbia.
By Mr. SILVE8 PUR : The petition of sundry inhabitants
of Greene county, New York, piauitg for a reduction of
postage and the entiie abolition of the flanking privilege.
Also, the petition of sundry inhabitants of Columbia county,
New York, for a mail route from Dover, m Dutchess countv.
to Chathom Four Corners, in Columbia county, in said
State.
By Mr. ROOT: The petition of 150 ladies of Clnrk^field,
Ohio, for the restriction ot slavery, Sec. Also, the petition of
130 citizens of Clnik«,{ield, Ohio, for the prohibition of the
slave trade in the D^tnct of Columbia.
mit'ee on Enrolled B'Hs; after which, !
Ti'e House, -at a quarter to four o'clock, ad-
journed.
PETITIONS,-&C. j
The following petitions and memonahi were piesented, '
under the rule, and refrrre 1 • j
By Mr. T\LL>.1ADGE; The petition of the publishers j
of periodicals on the Mihjoet of postage. AI30, a. memorial of
John f.Rop^s and others, for cheap postage. I
By Mr. HJ2NT: The petitiaa of Hartwell Cotter, askmg i
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 24, 1849.
Mr. BRIGHT presented a resolution passed by
the Legislature of the State of Indiana, in favor of
the reductionofpostageon newspapers,pamphlels,
and periodicals, and the repeal of so much of the
p$st office laws as requires the prepayment of the
postage on newspapers.
Mr. BRIGHT. It is proper I should state, in
conncction with the presentation of this joint reso-
lution, that previous to its reception my attention
had been called to the subject it embraces by the
report of a bill from the Committee on the Post
Ofrice and Post Roads, conflicting directly with the
instructions I have received. I am £ldd to find, sir, j
that my own views, previously expressed, and i
practically carried out,as far as the process of the 1
t5U thus far would permit it, agree entirely with ;
those who have spoken to me on the subject, and
whose voice it affords me pleasure to obey. I
shall, when the bill conies up a^ain, give my views j
more at length in reference to thegieat injustice i
done to the local press of this country by the-law 1
as it now stands,, and the still greater injustice and 1
injury that will result from the passage of the bill
reported from the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads. I ask for the printing of the joint
resolution.
The motion to print was agreed to,
PETITIONS.
Mr. HOUSTON presented a petition from Eb-
enezer Allen, and other citizens of Texas, praying
for a ri«ht of way for a railroad from the Rio
Grande to the Pacific Ocean; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, and ordeied to be printed.
On motion of Mr. RUSK, the papers in the case
of the hens of Sour John, a Cherokee Indian, were
ordered to be withdrawn from the files of the
Senate.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Commerce,
moved that the committee be discharged from the
, further consideration of the petition of citizens of
j St. George, AJaine, in relation to the establishment
I .of a new collection district at East Thomtibion, in
! that State; which was agreed to, and the petition-
ers had leave to withdraw their petitions.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on the Ju-
j diciary, reported House bill to amend an act regu1
; lating the district courts of the United States "for
| the State of Alabama, without amendment.
! Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I hold in my
hand a memorial of a somewhat peculiar character;
a memorial of Henry O'Reilly, who claims to be
interested in telegraph lines. The memorial con-
tains many grave allegations against one of the
Fedeitil judges, Judge JVlonroe. The memorialist
alleges, that owins; to the unjust exercise by Judge
Monroe of his legal functions, he (the memorialist)
has been exposed to serious loss and detriment,
his telegraphic wires having been broken down, and
sundry other grave injuries inflicted upon him.
Some of his allegations will be the foundation of
an impeachment of Judge Monroe, and of course
they are matters over which the Judiciary Com-
mittee pan have no jurisdiction. The only part of
j the memorial of which the committee have taken
! cognizance related to an act passed.at the last ses-
| sion of Congress, by which the interests of the
! memorialist and others were taken from the juris-
! diction of the circuit judg;e and placed under tliecn-
; tire control and jurisdiction of the district judge,very
j much to their prejudice. This is the Only allegation
j that the committee could take cognizance of, and as
I Mr. O'Reilly has not made true his allegations by
j any evidence, and as the subject is under consid-
! eration in the other House, the committee ask to
j be discharged from the further consideration of the
i memorial.
j The committee were accordingly discharged.
Mr. WESTCOTT, from the Committee on the
- Judiciary, reported House bill for the relief of
| William Fuller, with an amendment.
Mr. W. made an effort to have this bill taken
up for immediate consideration; but an objection
being interposed, it takes its place on the calendar. '
j: Mr. DA-"VIS, of Mississippi/from the Com-
mitteeon Military Affairs, made an adverse report
i1 on the petition of Nathan Weston, jr., late a pay-
[i master in the army, asking the extra pay granted
! i by Congres for service in the Mexican war; which
'I was ordered to he printed. *
j; Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mitteeon Pensions, made an adverse report on the
l petition of Benjamin Miller, a soldier in Wayne's
! army, asking a pension.
j' Mr. J. also, from the same committee, reported
j House bill to authorize the payment of invalid
ji pensions m certain cases, without amendment.
;; Mr. DIX, from the'Committee on Commerce, re-
f ported, without amendment, a bill to authorize an
;! appropriation for removing the rocks at Hurlgate
' and the reefs in New York harbor.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Commerce,
. made nn unfavorable report on the petition of Ar-
, no'd Naudain; which was laid on the table.
I" On motion of Mr. DIX, the Committee on Com-
: meice was discharged from the further considera-
> tion of the petition of David L. White, of Florida;
and the report was laid on the table.
Mr. CAMERON, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported that 10,000 extra copies of the Patent
, Office report be printed; which report was con-
: currcd in. ,
| RESOLUTION.
; Mr. HAMLIN submitted the following resolu-
tion, which iies over one day:
RcsolrcJ* That tile Rej<rearit-nt-nrms of the Senate he,
and he pereby is, directed "to place the name ot Noah Han-
son on the joli of messengers, and p.iy him the .-ame as
received by otlier mes&engcis.
BILL ON LEAVE.
Mr. BORLAND, pursuant to notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill for the relief of
CincinnatusTrou.sdale and others; which was read
a firbt and second t'me,
PINE LANDS IN FLORIDA.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr. Yulee, was taken up for consideration,
viz:
Jlssolvcd, That the Committee on the Public Lands inquire
into the expediency of reducing the piesent minimum price -
of tiic pine Kind* in Flojida.
Mr. YULES. Mr. President, I would request
the particular attention of the Committee on the
Public Lands to this subject. This resolution has
reference to a class of lands which may be regarded
as unique in their character, and should be classi-
fied separately from the other lands of the Union,
as to the price at which they are to be sold. At
the minimum price of one dollar and a quarter per
acre, it will be utterly impossible ever to sell them.
They are lands which are confined altogether to
the southern Atlantic and southwestern States
bordering on the Gulf of Mexico. I believe they
are found only m Noitls Carolina, South Carolina,
, Georgia, Florida, Mississippi, and Louisiana.
[ They are nonsuited to a<rr.culture, and can never
; be rendered profitable for agricultural purposes.
; They can only be made useful at all, as an ele-
| ment of wealth to the country, for the purpose
: stock-feeding, constituting wild ranges for the
! rearing of stock, a"nd in some instances, and to
some extent, for the production of naval stores.
It is believed, that if the minimum price be reduced
; to a rate at which purchasers may be induced to
convert them to these uses, the southern and south-
j western States may be relieved from a large amount
! of unproductive lands, the pubbs treasury greatly
