1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
347
\ -would involve a loss of four millions of revenue
y to the Government! Bnt the Senator says, what
i is lost to the Government is gained by the people.
; Let me ask him, how is the department to sustain
• itself on this principle? Does not the Senator see
- that if the department cannot sustain itself, it
i must be sustained by the Government, and sus-
i tained by taxing the people in some other form?
  If this four hundred thousand dollars be taken
; from the treasury, it must be met, and who is to
= pay it?. Wc all contribute to pay it, according to
^ our principle of taxation, and without reference at
4 -all to any benefit we may have received from Jt
L individually; and according to this principle you
[ will, in the event of taking this four hundred
thousand dollars from the treasury, supply one
man with a newspaper at the expense of another.
I think this is sufficient to show the injustice of
\ this proposition. I will not go further into the
discussion of this subject.
I will say, however, that the expenses of the
Post Office Department must be defrayed, and if
they are not defrayed from its own revenue, they
must be defrayed from the tieasury; and if you
take off three or four hundred thousand dollars
' from its revenue, it will, of course, throw that
; amount on the treasury, to be paid by the whole
: people of the United States, and that without any
.reference to the consideration whether the people
have received any benefit from it or not.
Mr. NILES here gave way without finishing,
at the suggestion of Air. DICKINSON, to a mo-
tion for adjournment.
And-.the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
i
Wednesday, January 24, 3849.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. NICOLL asked the unanimous consent of
the House to allow him to offer the following res-
olution; which, being objected to, was not re-
ceived:
RrsolreA by the Senate and House of Representatives of the
United Stales of Jlm&ica in Congress assembled, 'J'hat the
Sccrelnry of State be, and lie U heroin, autlionzed to de-
jjvei to tiie Fiee Acndcmy of the city of New York copies
of all t-iteli public dociiine'ijtj. a? are now authorized by law
to be dt-tnbuted.among the imiveisiues and colleges of tlie
United States.
At the suggestion of Mr. THOMPSON, of
Pennsylvania, by generabconsent, the House pro-
ceeded to take up and refer the business, &c., on
the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER laid before the House sundry
communications, viz: ■
I. A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting a report made by the Hon. Thomas
0. Edwards, (who was appointed for the service
by the Secretary of the Treasury,) of the results
of an examination, extending through a period of
five weelCs, made by him at the ports of Boston,
New York, Philadelphia, and Baltimore, into the
-practical operation ^nd effect of the act passed at
the last session of Congress for the prevention of
the importation of spurious and adulteiated drugs
and medicines; which letter and repoit were laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. KING, of Massachusetts,
Ottered. That the Committee on Printing be directed to-
inqmie into tne expediency of printing an extra number of
copies of said report, &c.
II. A letter from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting, in compliance with the acts of April 21st,
1808, and March 3d, 1809, statements f-liowmg
wl\at contracts have been made by the War De-
partment during the year 1848; which letter and
statements were laid upon the table, and ordered to
be printed.
The SPEAKER presented a communication from
the Mayor of the city of Brooklyn, in the State of
New York, inclosing a preamble and resolution
of the Common Council of said city, in relation to
the establishment of a branch mint at that place;
which communication and preamble and resolu-
tion were laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. FEATHERSTON asked leave to introduce
a bill to provide for reclaiming the swamp lands
of Mississippi.
Mr. GR1NNELL objected, and called for the
regular order of business—the reception of reports.
The committees, he said, had not been called in
several days. He, however, waived his objection,
at the request of
Mr. FICKLIN, who, by general consent, pre-"
sented concurrent resolutions of the Legislature of
the State of Illinois, instructing their Senators and
requesting their Representatives to use their exer-
tions to procure the passage of such laws for the
governments the Territories acquired by the Uni-
ted States from Mexico, as shall prohibit44 slavery
or involuntary servitude in said Tei ritories, othei-
wise than in the punishment of crimes whereof
the party shall have been duly convicted;'5 which
resolutions weife laid upon the table, and ordered
to be punted.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, asked leave to in-
troduce a bill, of which previous notice had been
given.
Mr. GR1NNELL renewed his objection, and
his call for the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER announced, as the business first
in order, the motion made on the 17th instant by
Mr. Stuart, of M ichigan, to commit to the Com-
mittee of the Whole the bill for the relief of Rob-
ert Roberts, and the amendment reported thereto
by the Committee on Claims, under instructions of
the House of January 20, 1848.
The question was stated on the said motion, and
being put, it whs agreed to.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, from the
Committee on Claims, to whom was refened the
petition ot S. T. JNicoll & Co., of New York, iex-
ported a bill for the lehef of Solomon T. Nicoll
and James Clinch, of the city of New Yoik, ac-
companied by a leport m writing; winch bill was
read twice, committed to the Committee of the
Whole liou*s«, made the order of the day for to-
morrow, and the bill and report ordeied to be
printed.
On motion of Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecti-
cut, from the Committee on Chums, to which was
referred the memorial of citizens of Crawford
county, Illinois, m behalf of Delilah Pearson, the
said (omnuttee were discharged from the consid-
eration theieof, and the said memoiial laid upon
the table.
Mr. THOMAS, from the same committee, to
which was icfeired the petition of Polly Carver,
executrix of Nathan Carver, made a report theie-
on, accompanied by a bill for her relief, \\ hich was
committed to a committee of the Whole House,
and made the oidcr of the day for to-morrow, and
the said bill and Vepoi t were oidered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. THOMAS, from the same
committee, to which was icfeired the petition ot
Edward L. Poor and llichaids & Van Wart, the
said committee were discharged fiom the cons id-
eiatton thereof, and the said petitions were laid
upon the table.
Mr. DANIEL, from the Committee on Claims,
to which was icferred the petition of Peter A.
Carnes, made an adverse leport thereon; which
was laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. NELSON, from the same committee, to
which was referred the petitionsof SaylesJ. Bowen
and Washington S. Beber, made reports thereon,
accompanied by a bili for the rebel of Sayles J.
Bowen, and a bill for the relief of the legal repre-
sentatives of Washington S. Beber; which said
bills were committed to a Committee of the Whole
House, and made the order of the day for to-mor-
row, and the bills and reports oidered to be primed.
Mr. FLOURNOY, from the same committee,
to whom was refened the pennon of William B.
Crews, made a report thereon, accompanied by a
bill for his relief; which was read twice, committed
to a Committee of the Whole House, made the
order of the day for to-morrow, and the bill and
report ordered to be printed. t
Mr. FLOURNOY also, from the same commit-
tee, to whom was refened the petition of Majoi E.
H. Fitzgerald,'United States army, made a lepoit
thereon, accompanied by a bill for his relief; w Inch
was lead twite, committed to a Committee oi the
Whole House, made the order of the day for to-
morrow, and oidered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. CROWELL, it was
Oidetel. That the Committee on Claims be discharged
from the fuitlier consideration ot the petition oi fcjamuol
Reed; and thatj-aid petition be reteired to the Commitueon
Puvate Land Claim-*.
Mr. CROWELL, from the same committee, to
whom was referred the petitions of Lieutenant
Colonel R. E. De Russy and J. R. Callahan and
others, made adverse reports thereon; which were
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr/ HUNT, it was
Ordered. That the Committee on Commerce be discharged
fiom the further consideration of the pennon of citizens of
Euistport, Maine, for additional appropriations for building a
custom-hou^eatthat place; and that the said petition belaid
upon the table.
REVENUE LAWS OF CALIFORNIA.
Mr. HUNT, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill to extend the revenue laws
of the United States over the Territory and wateis
of Upper California, and to create a collection dis-
trict therein; which bill was read twice.
Mr. HUNT said he was instructed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce'to move that the bill be en-
grossed and put upon its passage this time. A
brief reference to the present condition ol our com-
mercial interests in California would, he thought,
convince the House of the importance of extend-
ing our revenue Jaws over that countiy at the pits- •
ent session. Till within a recent period, duties on 1
foreign imports have been collected by our officers
i there, under the military orders issued by the Pres-
: ident during the progress of the war. The system
. of military collections had been continued for some
i months after the ratification of the treaty of peace.
This course of proceeding was so obviously un-
' authorized, the Secretary of the Treasury thought
' it his duty to issue a circular letter to officeis of
i the customs, on the 24th of October last, staling
l that California "is not brought by law within the
limits of any collection district, nor has Congress
j authoiized the appointment of any officers to col-
: lect the revemft,"&c. Under these circumstan-
ces, the Secretary states that "the department is
unable to collect the duties accruing on importa-
tions from foreign countries into California.55 This
treasury circular has been,sent by the War De-
partment to our officers in California, with mstruc-
| tions to discontinue the collection of duties. It is
, presumed that the new ordeis have been received
there before the present time, and that all foreign
J imports are now admitted free of duty. As the
; case stands, no revenue can be collected until Con-
j gress shall have legislated on the subject. Duties
! cannot, and ought not to be exacted without some
i legal authority. But the present state of things
1 ought not to Ge. continued. It will be recollectcd
I that so much of the President's message as i elates
to the extension of our re\enue laws over Cuhfor-
! nin was relured to the Committee on Commerce.
' Aftei considering the subject, the committee ate of
, opinion that the public inteicsts demand pmmpt
J legislation to protect our commcrce m that quarter.
1 They had instructed him to repoit the present
' bill to extend our revenue laws over California,
, and provide for the appointment of officers for that
: purpose. ^
! It was believed that Congress might legislate to
[ this extent without raising any of the questions
I which embarrass and may defeat the passage of a
! bili to organize a territorial government. It was
not necessary for him to expicss an opinion of the
. probability of passing a territorial bill at the pres-
' ent session. All will admit that it is very doubt-
ful, if not improbable, it is enough that there
may be a delay of one or two years or mote in the
settlement of that question. While this question
is in suspense, strong considerations may be urged
ni favor of enforcing the revenue laws. The
interests of the tieasury rtqune it. The protec-
tion of our commeictal mteiests require it. Jus-
, tice to our own merchants demands at least that
| they should be piaced-on as favorable a footing as
: the foreign impoiter. The American merchant
. who makes a shipment from New York or otfyer
j Atlantic pons is subject to the payment of duty
' on that portion of his cargo consisting of foreign
■ goods. A most unjust advantage will be given to
| the British or other foreign importer so long as he
1 is permitted to enter his goods duty free, justice
to our own citizens, the piotection of our commer-
cial interests, the protection of the levenue, call
i for prompt action. From this view of the subject,
| the committee had adopted the present bill, and
; instructed him to ask that it may receive early and
• favorable consideration. It will be perceived, that
: the bill is confined to the single subject of revenue,
' and leaves all other questions untom hed. It ex-
' tends the revenue laws over California, erccts the
1 Territory into a collection+dis'rict, creates a port
| of entry at San Francisco, and auihouzes the ap-
pointment of a collector Uieie. Icdeclaies Mon-
terey, San Diego, and the head of the California
i Gulf, ports of delivery, and provides for deputy
