1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
849
States to authorize Congress to establish such ter-
ritorial provisional governments at all. For him-
self, he said he had never yet given a vote recog-
nizing it as the business of this country to establish
such governments; and as for these coun tries, which
were not yet paid for, he should not vote one single
'dollar for such an object. He spoke for himself
only.
Before the late tieaty with Mexico, Mr. Polk
had assumed to establish governments for the^e
Territories, which, by some sort of doctrine of de
facto, we are told are still in existence. Whether
■ these governments were good ones or not, he did
not know; but of one thing he was satisfied: they
were made without proper and constitutional au-
thority. The President, however, and his-t'riends,
ought not to complain of them. If they are not
good ones, he alone is to blame for it; for he
had his own way in making them. Nevertheless,
if the people of those countries chose to acquiesce
in the government thus furnished them, or to make
a better it was a matter of their own concern, and
not his.
He considered it a matter of very little import-
ance whether the revenue laws of the United States
be extended over that country or not. At the same
time, he could not see why the free-trade gentle-
men should be anxious forthe extension of revenue
laws. But he did not intend to argue the question
at this time. He barely desired to say to the House
and the country, that he, for one, felt no anxiety
at all about the erection of territorial governments
in either of those countries. The President of the
United States had toltl us tllat he had set UP Sov~
ernments there, under the " laws of nations and the
rights of war;" and he, for one, was willing to
allow them to go on, "tyider the laws of nations
and the rights of war," till they were tired of it,
or of themselves should make another more com-
patible with their liking.
He had considered the whole policy of these
conquests not only at war with the principles of
our own Constitution, but calculated to endanger
the harmony and peace of the union of these States.
And he now gave notice that he should not vote
for this bill, or any bill countenancing or confirming
these conquests, until the vexed question growing
out of them should be satisfactorily settled. He
should not vote for a dollar to pay for them until
such adjustment should be made.
Mr. iVIORSE next obtained the floor, but gave
way for . -
Mr. HUNT, to say, that as there seemed to be
a general desire further to examine the provisions
of the bill before it should be acted on, he was
willing to propose that it be passed over, upon
the question of engrossment, and remain 111 the
order of business on the Speaker's table; and, in
the mean time, that the bill be printed.
Mr. MORSE then proceeded. He considered
this a novel question, involving a matter ot some
importance, and that it was right and proper that
every bill involving such a novel question should
be submitted to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union and printed, in order that
every member might have opportunity to examine
it.
If he recollected aright, one of the questions out
of which arose the revolutionary contest of this
country was the assumption of the power, on the
part ot the English Government, to tax the colo-
nies. The English Government paid all the ex-
penses of her own establishments; but, because
she refused to these colonies the right of represent-
ation, they rebelled. But here, from what he could
gather from the reading of the bill, it was proposed,
not only not to allow to these Territories the right
of representation, but to compel them to bear a
part 111 the support of the Government of this coun-
try by taxing their imports.
He desired, however, to express no hostility to
the bill, for it evidently involved a question of
grave impoitance. He desired to make one remark
in reply to the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Ste-
phens,] who seemed to think that the Executive
had tianscended his authority in the administra-
tion of affairs in the new Territories. If the gen-
tleman alluded to the special message of the Pres-
ident, he desired now to say a single wotd, which
he was prevented from saying when that subject
was before the House. The right of the Chief
Magistrate to levy contributions for the suppoitoi
the army was a right 
' Mr. STEPHENS interrupted, to say to the
gentleman from Louisiana that he did not prefer
against the Executive the charge to which he now
alluded. His remarks were confined strictly to
the matter before the House. He had alluded to
but one of the many and enormous abuses of
power. The gentleman from Louisiana was now
discussing another.
Mr. MORSE continued. He understood the gen-
tleman. Although he did not refer to the exaction
of military contributions, he did refer to the es-
tablishment of a temporary military government,
and characterized it as a usurpation. All the
action of the House which had been taken in re-
lation to this matter of the establishment of mili- j
tary government in these territories, and all the j
importance which had been given to it by the ap-
pointment of a committee to consider and report
upon it, he (Mr. M.) considered to be one of the
most miserable humbugs that had ever occupied
the attention of the .National Legislature-of this j
country. The Congress of the United States de- |
clared war against -Mexico, without one single j
stipulation as to the manner m which the Execu- I
live should proceed, or the means by which the 1
war should be conducted. But they put sixteen j
millions of dollars at his disposal for the purpose,
and, m addition to tms sum, as much as he might ;
be able to collect. ThePresident proceeded, how-
ever, to take possession ot important ports on the
Mexican seaboard, and finding there the means of |
paying his men, he took possession of the money [
just as rightfully as though he had found it in the j
hands of the enemy, and taken possession of so i
much hay or corn. But the idea seemed to be en- ;
tertained by some gentlemen, that wherever the '
arms of this country triumphed over the powers of ;
Mexico, they carried all the laws of this country ;
along with them,and that whatever the Executive
might not do there by virtue of his right de jure, !
he might not do by virtue of his right de facto, but ;
that he must suspend action, and suffer a suspen- j
sion of operations till the things proposed to be
done there might be discussed and decided by j
Congress. He hoped the committee charged with
this subject would make their icport to the House.
He wanted to have its whole merits properly dis- \
cussed; for he did think the principle contended
for by gentlemen on the opposite side could not
be sustained unless the laws of nations were
abrogated or wholly disregarded in the case. If
gentlemen wanted opinions upon this subject, all
the writers upon constitutional law, where they
treat of the rights of military men, would tell them
that the right of a conquering military commander
to harass the enemy by destroying or taking pos-
session of his money, provisions, and everything
belonging to the enemy which he could lay his
hands upon, was never questioned by any civilized
power. If gentlemen thought the President had
put this money into his own pocket, perhaps some
inquiry of the kind which the House had deter-
mined upon would be very proper. But the Pres-
ident had done what .every military commander
was bound to do in such a case, and no more 
The SPEAKER interrupted lieie, to remind the
gentleman from Louisiana that ^e rules required
ium to confine his remaiks to the subject of the
bill—the extension of the revenue laws.
Mr. MORSE replied, that., as an humble sup-
porter of the Administration now about to expire,
.as well as of the Mexican war.—so just in its in-
ception, and so honorable and glorious in its termi-
nation—he could not permit an attack to be made
upon that war, or the manner of conducting it,
withoutsome feeling which impelled him to reply.
But as the gentleman took good care not topaitic-
, ulanze any of the monstrous usurpations to which
he alluded, he could not insist upon being heard
any farther.
Mr. ROOT now addressed the Speaker, and de-
sired to know what was the question before the
House ?
Tne SPEAKER directed the Clerk to read the
bill.
And the bill having been read through—
Mr. ROOT desired to know whether there was
not a motion pending to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole, and to print?
The SPEAKER. To the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, by the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Pettit.]
Mr. HUNT inter-posed, to say that he desired to
make amotion to dispense with the further consid-
eration of the bill till Monday, and to print.
Mr. ROOT preferred to say what he had to say-
on the motion of the gentleman from Indiana. He#
was surprised that the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Hunt] should think of bringing in a bill of
this character, and expect to succeed in this House
with it, or indeed with any*subject of legislation
in relation to California, without another proposi-
tion which seemed to have been forgotten. He did
not mean to underrate the revenue laws at all. He
supposed that no people could feel that they were
governed, unless they were taxed. Taxation was
one of the first blessings of government. But he
believed that there was no more important matter
in relation to our legislation for the territories at
the present than that to which he had alluded.
He trusted that no bill having relation to this sub-
ject could pass the House without a provision
something like this: that in all'these territories
" there shall be neither slavery nor involuntary
servitude, except for the puniahment-of crime."
He cared not whether the bill had respect to the
custom-houses or anything else—his range of in-
difference was quite as wide that of the gentle-
man from Georgia. He could not see how the
gentleman from New York ever got it into his head
that he could get such a bill through without the
Wilmot proviso. He did not believe the gentleman
\ would gain any time by getting his bill upon the
; Speaker's table; for we were now within sight of
the Territorial bill, which would have to be dis-
i cussed first, and would supersede the necessity of
, this bill altogether. He had no desive merely to
' cut off discussion; but in order to test at once the
i sen eof the House upon the question of reference,
J he called for the previous question; but gave way
for a word of explanation from
Mr. HILLIARD, who said his mind upon this
subject was entirely made up; the conclusion to
which he had come was strong, clear, and unchange-
. able. There was avery wide difference between our
I present relations to those nev/ly-acquired Territo-
| ries and those which existed before the late treaty
j with Mexico was ratified. Ill full view of-the offl
! republican doctrine of the right of the House of
I Representatives to participate with the other
!| branches of the Government in the negotiation of
| treaties, at least in their ratification, by granting
1 or withholding the appropriations essential to their
|1 perfection, and with his habitual respect for the
' opinions of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
1 Stephen's,] he did not hesitate to express his
readiness to carry out the terms of the treaty lately
;i concluded with Mexico, by voting for the appro-
!j priation necessary to meet its provisions, and to
jj do whatever efee might be proper to secure this
1 vast acquisition of territory to our country, if it
could be done upon terms alike honorable to the
North and the South—terms not dictated by fanat-
icism, with a view to the aggrandizement of one
■! section of the Union at the expense of another.
!i If this interest could be secured without any com-
i promise of right, of principle, or "of honor, the
desire which he felt for the advancement of the
prosperity and the glory of the country decided
him at once to favor the acquisition of this vast
region, abounding in mineral wealth, fronting
Asia, and inviting, with its fine harbors, a large
and profitable commerce. Opposed as he had been
to the acquisition of territory as a condition of
peace while we were making war upon a feeble
people, it was necessary now to view this question
under its new aspect, and to treat it as a great
national question. He considered this territory,
torn as it was forever from Mexico, as a treasure
not to be thrown away lightly.
He proceeded to say, that even if injustice were
contemplated against 'the South, he would not in-
dulge in any threatening language, but would still
invoke the generous feeling of the whole country
against the pernicious influence of a legislation for
the benefit of one portion of the Union at the ex-"
pense of another.
When the southern States came into the Union,
they came in with„certain rights which were fully
guarantied by the Constitution; and speaking as
a single southern man acquainted with the spirit
of the people from whom he came, he gave it as
his judgment, that they would be unwilling to
suffer any infraction of Uiose rights. He believed
they would stand by all the institutions of the
country, -but they would insist that no change
should be made in their relation to this Confed-
eracy. Alabama could never consent to hold any
othee-than an equal rank as a sovereign member
