350
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 24,
of this glorious Confederacy; and her people must
«njoyall their rights in their fullest extent. In
this way the good feeling which brought these
States into a Federal Union might be preserved.
It should be cultivated on all sides; it was the
strongest bond of th^Union. But when this feel-
ing could be,come so much a matter of jest as it
was made by the gentleman from Ohio in the re-
marks just submitted—when he, with unflagging
zeal, persisted in his purpose of rallying every
other section against the South—when he even
taunted the country with the declaration that no
government of any description whatever would be
organized for the protection of our new Territo-
ries without containing in it the unjust and odious
feature known as the Wilmot proviso,"—he
felt it to be his duty, as a member of this House,
to say, that such-legislation could result m nothing
would not vote for an appropriation of money to
Mexico according to the terms of the treaty, be-
cause he thought that that did not necessarily
involve the recognition of the treaty, and certainly
not any recognition of that part of it by which
territory was acquired. The appropriation might
be necessary on other grounds—as of justice to
Mexico.
But he was not prepared to vote for any bill to-
recognize this territory as a part of the territory of
the United States. He would not vote for it—
first, because he was not under any constitu-
tional obligation to do so, and second, because he
did not believe that the President of the United
States and Senate alone couid bring territory into
this Union. Congress only could do it. And he
believed that Congress had a discretion on that
point, notwithstanding the conclusion of the treaty.
Like the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Hil-
j Mr. DUER moved that the motion to fecon
aider be laid on the table, ,
Mr. STANTON appealed to Mr. Doer to waive
the motion. waive
Mr. DUER. Not to make a speech But if
the gentleman wishes merely to indicate his nos;
, tion, I—having done that myself—am disposed to"*
hear him or other gentlemen who may desire to
1 do so.
| 'Mr. STANTON. That is precisely what I '
j want to do.
| Mr. DUER said it seemed to be the general
: wish of the House that he should adhere"to his
| motion.
: The SPEAKER inquired whether the gentle-
man had moved to reconsider the vote upon the
printing or upon the reference?
! Mr. OUERsaid, on the reference; and he had
now moved to lay that motion on the table.
else than the dt&tuibance of the tranquillity of the
country, and the uestiucuon of that fraternal feel- j; liaud,] he would be willing and glad to ha\e tins j] And the question having been taken and decided
which now existed and ought forever to exist. territory; but if he believed that its acquisition |. in the affirmative, the
motion to reconsider the vote
this must ensue.
.. v,rriT T , t ,, refuse to recognize it, if he thought that the result j the printing; and that that motion be laid on thp
Mr. GRliNiNLLL now rose to order. Heasked , would be to dissolve the Union, and thereby de- j table.
hat relation this_discussion could have to the ;; stroy the whole Constitution. He should hold him- \\ The question having^been taken and decided in
the affirmative, the motion was laid on the table.
Mr. GR1NNELL, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom "was referred the bill from the
Senate entitled "An act to authorize the issuing
of a register or enrolment to the ship Annie Tift "
reported the same back to the House without
amendment; when
The said bill was read the third time and passed
and returned to the Senate.
what
matter before the House?
Mr. HiLLIARD. Why not interrupt the gen-
tleman from Ohio?
Mr. GRINNELL. I wish to get forward with
business, i must insist upon the rules.
Mr. HILLIARD. But questions may arise
sometimes which are above all ordinary rules.
The SPEAKER was understood to say that a
strict conformity to the rules would not allow of
the latitude which had been taken in this debate.
Mr. ROOT resumed. Pie would not himself
have mtei rupted the remaiks by the gentleman from
Alabama, though he did not complain oi thecourse
of the gentleman Jroni Massachusetts. Tne gentle-
man from Alabama had said he certainly did not
intend anything menacsng;and such a thing, he con-
sidered, would befit that gentleman aboutas littleas'
it would become him (Mr. R.) to be affected by it.
roy t
self justified, under the oath he had taken, to pre-
j serve the Union as it now existed, rather than dis-
solve the Union bylvoting to hung in this territory,
j Hitherto, the Whig party had united on the
| ground of opposition to the acquisition of this ter-
j ritory; they had united on that ground as friends
, of the Union, notwithstanding the dtflciences of
; opinion upon the question of slavery existing
among them. It might be necessary, by and Ly}
that the friends <tf the Union, in whatever section
I found, or to whatever party belonging, should
I unite upon this ground. He said it might be. No
• man would say that it was not possible that things
( might not be brought to that cnsis. Should they
i close this door to the settlement of the question?
: Nq-, let them letam the ground upon which they
had stood. Therefore, till a law was passed for
the goveinrnent of the Territories, by which the
W ith all respect to that gentleman, he desired to say, "i j question of slavery should be settled, or until they
that if there was anything in connection with this ji should be admitted as States into the Union, he
subject more ridiculous than the threats themselves, j [ would do nothing to recognize them as part of the
it was the alarm which might be raised on account j|t Union.
of them. He insisted, besides this, that he had ji Mr. STUART, of Michigan, inquired whether
said nothing to provoke threats. He had merely the gentleman from New York [Mr. Dcer] had
said, that he was in favot of the motion of the gen
tleman from Indiana; that the bill was imperfect, |
in his judgment, and if we weie to pass any law i
with lefereoce to California, he had a more essen- '
tial provision to piopose than any which it now !
contained. That was about the substance of what
lie had said. j
After a few further remarks, (not clearly under-
stood,) he asked for the previous question.
Mr. tiVANTON. Will the gentleman with-
draw the call ? i
Mr. ROOT. The gentleman fromTennessee will 1
excu&e me, when 1 tell htm i have already ex- \
tended that courtesy about as far as is consistent.
Mr. HUNT asked the Chair if a motion to post-
pone till Monday would be in older? ]■
The SPEAKER replied, if the previous ques- i,
tion should not be sustained,that would be in order. !■
not voted in favor of instructing the Committee on
Territories to bring m a bill organizing these ter-
ritorial governments, and embracing the principles
of the Wilmot proviso 5
Mr. DUER in quit ed, What has that to do with it?
j Mr. GRINNELL, from the same committee
i reported the following resolution; which was read:
; Resolvcn, Thar rite. Secretary of the Nav\ hi; p-quested to
employ one or more oj the s'malio- vi.-mK(i| the n.tvv nj
tr>t ng the piaciK-alnhfy ot the track> r< cniwritmiwi" by
Lieutenant Maur.v, \\h* nevfi he maj he of opinion thai Mich
, ve.-^fls can he & pat id ironi oliier public dutv.
Mr. GRINNELL sent to the Clerk's table a
letter from the Secretary of the Navy on the sub-
ject; which was read.
A'lr. G. explained, ilmt the resolution provided
, that one or more vessels should be used only at
such times as their services might not be needed
for other purposes.
Mr. C.OBB, of Georgia; called for the reading of
the resolution; which was again read.
j Mr. C. said, he understood it was a simple
i resolution to be adopted by this House, and n'ot a
joint resolution to be adopted by the two Houses.
It was to his mind a very singular proceeding, that
AT- di! < i liit - ..no ixio iiuiiiin ici y swiiumt proceeding, lilac
Mr bl CAR! saiu that would be doing some- , the House was to be pacing a resolution request-
ins* towaids recognizing that, o.mmrrv n* i p. 1 o *  _ ^ "
But the previous question was sustained, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. PETTIT demanded the yeas and nays; but
immediately withdrew it.
Mr. CUAIM1NS asked for a division of the
question; first, on the motion to commit, and sec-
ondly, on the motion to print.
And it was uidered.
The question \\s$ then taken on the first branch
of the motion, and decided in the affirmative.
* And the question was taken on the second
branch, arid decided m the affirmative.
So the bill was leferred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. DUER moved a reconsideration of the vote
by which the bill had been leferred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
He would not, he said, occupy the attention of
the House more than thiee or foui minutes. He
wished to say for himtself, that in the general spirit
of the remarks of the gentleman from Georgia,
[-Mr. Stephens,] he (Mr. D.) heartily concurred.
l"ie did not mean to go so far as to say ^at he
thing towaids recognizing that country as "belong-
ing to this Union.
Mr. DUER said, that what he was opposed to
was the recognition of the territory as part, of the
Union, until territorial governments were estab-
lished, and this contioverted question of slavery
was settled.
Mr. HUOWJJJ, of Mississippi, interposed and
said, that the gentleman had stated that the Whig
party had united in not recognizing this territory
as belonging to the United States.
Mr. DUER. I understand that hitherto the
ing the Secretary of the Navy to make certain
experiments. He confessed he did not unde<stand
it. If it ltquired the authority of law for the Sec-
retary to make expeiiruents, a joint resolution
ought to be passed. If it did not require the
authority of law, it was a singular proceeding on
the part of this House to request the Secretary of
the Navy to make experiments in obedience to the
request of certain mJividuals.
He moved that the resolution be laid on the
table.
The question was taken, and decided in the
affirmative: Ayes 63, rtoes 58.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
j Whig party were opposed, to the acquisition of the
, territory, when such acquisition might be danger-
ous to the Union.
Mr. BROWN. That is not as 1 understood the
gentleman. I understood him to say, that the
; Whig paity ail over the Union, independent of the
| question of slavery, had been opposed to the ae- j' chanSan of"The CommitTeVof'WayTand\tans"
, qnisition of this territory. , [M„ yINT0S)] move ,h h H / ,ye itself
, Mr. DUER, I simply meant to say this—de- mm rv,imr,,r„.„ „e ,i.„ m.„.i ,u„    .,<■
j fining my o.wn position and the position which had |
j been taken by the Whig party, and which 1 hope !
j they will not lashly abandon—that 1 would lather i
■ preserve the Union as it is, than that the Union '
| should be dissolved and this Territory be acquired. I
' Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, rose to a point of '
order. He Submitted whether, on a motion to re-
consider, this debate about the Union, and every-
thing else, was in order ? It seemed to him that it
was fully as irrelevant as the remarks of the «eu-
tleman from Alabama, [Mr. Hilliard.] ° !
The SPEAKER said the Cliair had not called I
the gentleman from Alabama to order for lirtle- '
vancy; that question had not been raised. [The
residue of the Speaker's remarks was lost.]
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEPHENS said, that the morning hour
having expired, he would, 111 the absence of the
" ' ~ - is,
itlf
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, tor the purpose of taking np the army bill.
And the motion having been agreed to, the
House resolved itself into Committee of the Whole
on the siate of the Union, (Mr. Toombs, of Geor-
gia, in the chair,) and proceeded to the considera-
tion of the bill making appropriations for the sup-
poit of the army for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1649.
The bdi was read through, and was then taken
up by items.
Mr. SMART moved to strike out the first sec-
tion.
And on this motion lie proceeded to address the
committee during the allotted hour.
He said: At the first session of the present Con-
