THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASH IN G TO N,"B Y BL AIR
& RIYES.
30th Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 26, 1849.
of the old States of the Union. When they find
themselves fettered by their unequal conditions,
and the oppression of wealth, (a state of things
that will exist and does exist in some localities )
they will gladly flee to that far-off land.
The Far West must be the destination of many
of those that are to come after us. The immediate
descendants of the present generation will go there
from necessity. ^ I ask, then, what statesman will
not feel that he is discharging an imperious duty,
when he assists in making provisions for the
posterity of our country who will be compelled to
But the preservation of free territory is an act
of philanthropy, and looks to the welfare of the
down-trodden people of Europe. When they,
with a sad resignation to the cruel fate that expa-
triates them, look to America as the spot where
they are to find hospitable homes, who will not
rejoice that he has done something to make room
For them ? There are those who, to seek an honor-
able fortune, tear themselves away from home and
country and kindred, never again perhaps to re-
turn. Such, upon landing on our shores, feel that—
" A home and a country remain not for them."
What a consolation to such emigrants, when
you can point to the lands of the West that you
have preserved free for them to enjoy. The pres-
ervation of freedom in these Territories, I repeat,
is a question of interest, vital interest, to the free
laborers who emigrate here from Europe, and to
the free laborers of this whole country and their I
posterity. |
But, sir, some may say that slavery would not
exclude these people; yet facts show that they do
not go to any great extent where slavery exists.
I know, too, it may be denied that slavery is a
blight upon the country in which it is established.
Upon this point I will present a brief comparison
of the free and slaveholding States.
The population of Rhode Island is less than
110,000; that of South Carolina, over 550,000.
Notwithstanding the great disparity in population
of the two, the manufactures, commerce, mines,
forests, and fisheries of Rhode Island amount to
$ 10,801,914; while the manufactures, commerce,
mines, forests, fisheries, rice, and cotton of South
Carolina amount to §11,762,986.
According to the estimates from which I copy,
the manufactures of Rhode Island are more valuable
than the manufactures and cotton of South Carolina.
They are put down thus:
....$8,640 626
.... 2s-18,91.i
  4,628,270
The State of Virginia contains about 64,000
square miles, or about 1,000 square miles more
than the whole of the New England States, whose
area is as follows:
,, . Square miles,
Maine   30.000
New Hampshire  9.280
Vermont   10912
Massachusetts 7'500
Rhode Island   i'&so
Connecticut   4.67-i
New Series No. 23.
Commerce  5,299,451
Mining  3,321.629
Forest*  617.700
Fisheries  95,173
13,528.740
3.803.638
3,361.^87
9,424^555
$67,669,043 $187,652,29 i
All are aware, Mr. Chairman, that the soil of
New England is cold and sterile, and that of Vir-
ginia and South Carolina fertile and productive.
These facts need no explanation. They will be
easily comprehended by all.
I will now proceed to notice the objections urged
against restricting slavery by a very few northern
politicians. It is said that a prohibition of slavery
in California and New Mexico would be a mere
" abstraction," and entirely useless, because the
climate and productions of these Territories are all
opposed to slavery. Now, I ask to present a few
extracts describing these Territories; and, while I '
I do not pretend that they apply to all portions of ' <-'a"'orn,a and JNew Mexico, or south of 36° 30',
California and New Mexico, I think all will be across l<
^'^7.1 rt, Thf moist"rG of fhe coast seems particularly
' In a, , f""'V0van" tile "'^rabies common to the
I cJn .k o'ow to an extraordinary sizp.
' ps pans of thP world <--an produce in such per-
fection so great a variety offruit* and grains a* the lar«p and
lhe bay of Ban Franci3c0"and
But enough. I will only add, if slavery can
exist in Virginia for hundreds of years, why can
it not exist upon such a soil as these extracts de-
scribe? Sir,-the man who relies upon soil and
climate to keep slavery out of these Territories, in
my opinion, has not informed himself in relation
to them, or is willing that it should go in. But
suppose I am incorrect: suppose the soil is inad-
equate to sustain slaves, and that they cannot exist
upon it to any great extent: it is the determina-
tion of some gentlemen to obtain a direct or indi-
rect legal recognition of slavery in the whole of
nia and New Mexico, or south of 36° 30',
to the Pacific. Should this be accomplished,
, it matters not so much as to the capability of the
soil to sustain slavery to a very great extent-
A richer soil is found further south, within thebor.
satisfied that the climate and productions of the:
Territories are not quite as much opposed to sla-
very as they have been represented. < . - -  - - —•
I proceed to give some extracts in relation to , . rs.of a neighboring; republic, and slavery exist-
Upper California: , !n across to the Pacific could be finally dif-
" fused over the whole of Mexico
The soil is .13 remarkable for its fertility anil abundance
as is that of Old California for its arid Mmhtv. The climate
of the. Pacific coast of North America bemc rmlilrr than that
of the Atlantic, the inhabitants of Upper Onlilornia oxpeii-
If, Mr. Chair-
man, you recognize a belt of slave territory across to
; the Pacific, though few slaves may actually reside
"The land possesses greatfertihrv: farinaceous roots and j ac1ul8itions. Such a recognition would be a per-
seedj of ail kinds abundantly proper here The crop3 ot (- petoal charter of a hHiwav for the propagation of
!hnl.f'nFl,A'i!riy"cTn* and peri?' 0£mn0f equaled but hy ' slavery to the Isthmus of Panama. °
tho e of Chili. cultivators can have no conccn- ' tu-i t\/T* * 1* -i n
tion 1 i I he Missouri compromise line, and all the
Rhode Tsland manufactures........
South Carolina manufactures 
South Carolina cotton 
      63.023 j
The comparative population of Virginia and !
New England, white and colored, in 1790, 1810, 1
and 1840, was as follows: i
Virginia.
1790.—W h i te 442?} \ 5
Colored 308,193
New England.
992,781
17,042
Total 748.308
1810—White 551,534
Colored 423,088
1840.-
Total 
-White    ...
Colored ......
 974,622
 746,968
 498,829
1,009,823
1,451.985
19,906
1,471,892
2,212,165
22,657
Total 1,239,797 2,234,822 |
The estimated annual product of Virginia and j
New England, according to the census of 1840, by i
Professor Tucker, a native of Virginia, was asfol- !
lows: |
Virginia. New England, i
Agriculture $-50,085,821 $74,749,^89 s
Manufactures  £,349,211 82,784,183 1
23
tion of a similar fertility."—Worcester's Gazetteer.
"Tipper California po«ses*es seveial good harbors. San
Francisco, in 33% is one of the largest and be«t on the \ve«t
coa<t ot America. The country immediately behind the
fhst range of mountains said to he supenor 10 that near
the shore, arid to consist of plain*, lake?, and hills beaim-
fuliy diversified, very fertile, and abounding in timber. - *
The sea contain* excellent stores ot fish.5'—McCulloch'*
Geo gi avhiad Dictionary.
"There is [in Upper California] a profusion of forest
tree.', including oak, elm, ash, heach, birch, and many vari-
eties of pme, vvhir-h grow to a larse size, and are" often
spread out into extensive forests. It- abundance of timber
and the goodness of its shores afford great facilities for ship-
building and the acquisition of mautime power. California
has analogous latitudes w itli the finest wine countries m the
world, and will, probably, at a future period, become cele-
brated for Us wines.'— McCulloch^ Gazetteer, by Harver <$•
Brothera, js4g. j i
" New Mexico is, however, with all its defect*, a delight-
ful residence. The purity of the air, and the neh scenery
of the fertile bank* of its rivers, have a fine effect. European
grams and fruits grow luxuriantly where the soil H feiule.
The dryness of the season is favorable to the grape, wbieh !
is peculiarly delicious in that country.—Biookeh Gazetteer. \
fn conclusion, T will present an extract from the <
Memoir of Colonel J. C. Fremont, in relation to !
the maritime region of California, embracing an '<
area of one hundred thousand square miles. 1
"Stretched along the mild coast of the Pacific, with a !i
general elevation m its plains and valleysof onlv a few him- '>
dred feet above the level ot the sea, and backed bv the long 1'
and loftv wall of the Sierra, mildness and geniality may he
assumed as the characteristic of it* climate. The inhab-
itant of corresponding latitudes on the Atlantic side of this
continent can with difficult} conceive of the soft air and
southern piodnctions undei the same latitude^ in the mati-
time region of Upper California. The singular beauty and
purity ot the sky in the south oi lht-> region is cbaiacteiized
by Humboldt as a rare phenomenon, and all travetersieahze
the nuth ot his description.
"The present condition of the country affords but slight
data for forming coriect, opinions of the agricultural capa-
city and fertility of the soil. Vancouver found, at the mis-
sion of San Buenaventura, m 1792, latitude 34° 16', app'e .
pears, plums, vjgs, oranges, grapes, peaches, and pomegran-
ates, growing together with the plantain, banana, coeoa nut,
sugai cane, and indigo, all yielding fiuit in abundance and
of excellent quality. Humboldt mentions the olive oil of
California as equal* to that of Andalusia, and the wine like
that of the Canaiv Island*. >
" At Sari Knenavenfura we found the olive trees, in Jan- •
uary, bending tinder the weight of neglected ft tut; and the
mission of San Luis Obispo (latitude 35 degree^) i«: still
distinguished foi the excellence of its olives, considered
finer and larger than those of the Mediteiranean.
" The ptoductions of the south diifei fiom those of the
north and of the middle. Grapes, olives, Indian corn, have
been its staples, with many assimilated fiuits and crams.
Tobacco has been recently introduced: and the uniform
summer heat which follows the wet season, and is unin-
terrupted by rain, would make the southern countiy well ;
adapted to cotton. Wheat is the first product of the north, ;
where it always constituted the principal cultivation of the 1
missions. This promises to be the grain-growing region of !
j " compromise bills" that have been introduced,are
ur^ed upon Congress by some at least, I think,
, with a view to future acquisitions, where the soil is
, indisputably iich enough to sustain the rude and
uninformed culture of slaves. In any view,there-
: fore, the argument that no opposition to the intro-
I; duction of slavery in California and New Mexico
\ should he made, because the soil is not adapted to
slave labor, is a fraud upon the people of the North.
^But it is said that the people of California and
1 New Mexico are opposed to the introduction of
• slavery amongtbem, and for this reason a prohibi-
tion of slavery hy Congress is useless. It is correct
'i that they are opposed to slavery, but the deduction
, drawn from the fact is not correct. Mr. Commis-
|! sioner Tnst has furnished some information as to
| the feelings of the Mexican population generslly
! upon thesuhjectof chattel slavery, fn a letlerad-
I dressed to the Secretary of State, dated September
j 4, 1847, giving an account of his conference with
I the Mexican Commissioners, Mr. Tnst says:
! " Among the points which came under discussion, was the
i exclusion of slavery fiom all teiritory which should pass
from M^.uco. Li the course of these remarks upon the sub-
ject, I was told, that if it were proposed to the people of the
United States to part with a portion of their territory, in
order that the InquiMtion should be therein established, the
proposal could not excite f-tiongerfeehn««? of abhorrence than
these awakened in Mexico, by the ptospoct of the introduc-
tion of slavery in any territory parted with by her.-'
A convention of the people of New Mexico, in
a petition lately presented to the United States
Senate, also say:
"We not desire to have domestic slavery within our
bonier^, and until the time Miall airive tor our admission
into the Union as a State, w e de-ire to be piotected b> Con-
gress against their mtioduetion among us."
But it has been said that those petitioners are a
"conquered people,5' and that their request is
" insolent.'' Now, I do not believe they thought
they were perpetrating an act of " insolencc" to-
wards this Government when they respectfully in-
formed the American Congress that they did not
desire to have slavery introduced among them. Our
authorities addressed language " to the people of
Mexico''during the war which, if seen by these
petitioners, might cause them to feel justified in
exercising the right of petition at least. I will
read:
" ft will be your policy to encourage the separate depart-
ment oi Sntos. ond OfpeeiAUy tho^e which you invade and
occupy, to de^in.e their independence of the Central Gov-
ernment of Mexico, and cither to become our allies, or to
assume, as it is understood Yucatan has done, a negative
attitude in the war ext^tnij? betw< en the United States and
Mexico. In such of the dtpaitmeuts oi States as may take
