354
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 24,
this course, you will give the inhabitants assurances of the
protection of jour army until the return of peace, so far as
mav be consistent with vour plan of operation. WHEN
PEACE IS M -V.DE, THEY MAY DECIDE FOR TI1EM-
SEL.VJJS THEIR OWN FORM OP GOVERNMENT."—
Letter of the Secretary of JFar to General Taylor, July 9,
1848.
" We come to m ike no war upon the people of Mexico,
NOR UPON ANY FORM OF FREE GOVERNMENT
THEY MAY CHOOSE TO SELECT FOR THEM-
SELVES."—Proclamation furnished to General Taylor by
the Jimeriean Cabinet, through the Secretary of War.
The proclamation from which I have quoted was
addressed " to the people of Mexico," and sent to
General Taylor with orders to circulate it to any
extent he might think proper.
It was circulated in the Spanish language agree-
ably to the orders of the American Government.
Sir, we said to the Mexican people that they might
decide for themselves their own form of govern-
ment. We solemnly declared that we did not go
to Mexico to make war upon the people, or upon
any form of free government they might choose to
select for themselves. What, sir, was the ordcis
given to General ilearny? i
" You may ;i«-uiie ilio people of those provinces (Cnlifor- j
ma and New Mexico) mat it is the vms.1i and de-i^n of the
United States to pi o vide foi tliern a G >vei anient &im- ;
liar to that uhlch exists in our Territories. Tory will tucn !
be called on to exercise th'3 rights o- FRMEMEN, in electing ;
their own representatives to the Territorial L"g<>ianmj."— j
Letter of Secretary of JVen to Gen. Kearny, June oil, !tf4!5. i
They were to exercise the rights of "freemen." '
They were to have a "free government." A par- >
tially civilized Mcxican might, with unaffected :
simplicity, think the promise of a free government !
was not a government establishing human slavery! !
The enlightenment of our own statesmen, who ;
have ascertained that human slavery is a necessary j
element of free governments, has not yet dawned '
upon these unfortunate Mexicans! They were !
promised a government similar to that existing m 1
our Territories, and the only government existing ;
in our Territories at that time was an entirely fire
government, for it excluded slavery. Shall we, 1
sir, then,
"Keep the word of proirii-e to the ear, !
And break it to the hope I
When these people lift up their hands ond pray I
to you for a "similar government to that existing m ;
our Territories," you tell them that they are a "con- I
quered people," and that theirprayer is "insolent." 1
But are you not pledged to give them such a gov-
ernment as they select, or a " free government," \
similar to that existing in the Territory of Wiscon- '
sin in 1846? Shall we present oui selves to the |
world m the attitude of disiegardmg our pledges to !
the weak and defenceless people we ha\ e conquered ? j
Will the first Republic in the world disown the j
pledges of its Cabinet, and subject itself to the !
charge of bad morals ond bad'faith towaids a i
people who are too weak to do more than implore ;
protection ? 1 trust m God it will not. /
But last, though not least, as an additional evi- '
dence of the feeling in California, of AMEiti-
CANS, I will read an extract from the California
Star, a paper published at San Fiancisro, of the
date of March 25th last:
"The simple leeo^nition of slavery line would he looked :
upon a* a greater mi-foirime to the Terntorv tuan tnouyh
California had remained in its fount! j-tate, oi vveie at the :
pre^nt crisis abaud-njed to it*, late. We have both tut; power i|
and the will to mauuam California independent of .Mexico ; • |
bur we believe, though slavoiy could not be gcneratbi uttro- i ■
(luced, THAT ITS RECOGNITION' WOULD BLAST THE PROS- ^
i'ects ol the oounti}. it would ma\e it disreputable (or the i
white man to labor f.u hn bu ad, and it would iiius drive oil :
to othei hoH.es the onlv el;i>s of emigrants Oahtorni.uv i^hes :
to r-ee—til- .sober ana ,ndu.->tr;ous middle class o! *-ocietv. •
We would, tuoieioro, <m :he pari ot mnetwmie hundiedths
of tit" popula'ion ot tijir- fountrv, most rolemnlv picne. t
against the lutioduetion of tiu> hli^ht upon the prosperity ot
the home of our dt'opho-i. We should look upou'it as an
uni)e<.e so>y nioiai. .ntellectua!, and riutial cuiso, upon our- '
selves and Uj
Our contemporary, the Cchforniun, in treating upon tins
subject. >,sj\ i : • j t would he the greatest ea amity the pon ci 1
of the United could miiiei upon Cabr<>> ma,1 0'id Mi"h :
a cai.tni'iv 0<>i g>esS In- uoiuh: to bequeath ;o us. coutnuy ,
to the wishes ol the p 'ople ot tins countM'/' ' ;
The " California!!" also, published at San Fron-
cisco, in a numoer dated October 11, 1843, makes :
use of the following language:
" We believe we echo the sense of the country wH n we '1
assert tuat *!av<-iy is neither needed noi ue.-ned here, and
that if their vmc> could he heard in the halls ot our National 1
Legislature, it would he, as the voice oi one inan, 'lather i
than put tins blighting curse upon us, let us remain as we '
are, unacknowledged, unaided.'" ;'
Is it not remarkable, sir, that anyone should !!
wish to force slavery upon these people, who have 11
so strong an averaioa to it? ii
In California they most solemnly protest against
its introduction. In New Mexico, they say they
desire to be protected by Congress against the
introduction of slaves among them. But it is said
by a few northern politicians, that the people of
these Territories, being hostile to the institution of
slavery, can prevent its introduction. The people
of these Territories, however, think differently,
and desire to be protected.
How, sir, are they to prevent the introduction
of slavery? If you establish the line of 36° 30',
you recognize slavery south of that line, and, m
the language of the Cahfornian, " blast the pros-
pects of the country.'' If you pa&s the Senate
bill of last session, the people of the Territories
have no lights of government, and no power to
exclude the " institution." Slaves might be taken
into the Territory with impunity. If you pas^>
bills that are silent upon the subject ot slavery,
your tenitoual judges wtll decide against the in-
habitants, that, Congress not having prohibited
slavery in these Terutones, it can exist there. As
an evidence of this, I call attention to the follow-
ing decisions of the supreme couit of the Slate of
Missouri:
Supreme Court of Missouri in the case of Chailotte (of
coloi) rs. Chouteau— appeal finm circuit court:
" 1. Slavery may exist without auv positive law authori-
zing it
c'£. The existence of slavery m fact is piesuniptive evi-
dence ot its legality.
"3. It is not necessary to show any general cu-tom in a
counuy ot holding negioes m slavery to prove u* legality.
: it it be found to «\.i-t m lact, even lo a hunted e.vtenr, and
i no po-mve law proh.biting it be .shown, it will be decided
j le^al."'
! " Supreme Couit of Mis^out i m the ease of Chouteau i>.
: Ree^e (ot coloi)—appeal 1mm cneuit court:
j " Jt is not neces-aty to show any po-iuve enactment of
! law in order to e-tahj^h the existence of slavery.
! u '1'lie existence ot slavt ry in ha t bcii't; e-tat)hshcd, it d.'-
[ volvevon tlie plainiili. lie hems a m"_'ro, to >liow the law
I torhiddin'j it.'-'— Mi^otni licp^it<>> zol. 9.
i Southern gentlemen generally hold, I believe,
| that the people under Terutonal governments
: would have no right to interfere with slavery; and
. in the absence of an iiihiomon of slavery by Con-
I gress, most of" them believe that they could take
j their slaves intoany Teiritory ol the United States.
We are asked to foim territoual governments,
and leave the question of slavery open till the«se
Territories become States. And how loner vvill this
be r
It is said their admission will be during the next
Congtess. Cut, sir, who seriously believes this?
Judging by analogy, this vvill not happen. The
Territorial governments in the United States have
existed, on an average, fifteen years prior to their
admission into the Union. JNow, is there any
gentleman in or out of this House, who will pro-
tend that the inhabitants of New Mexico and Cal-
ifornia are better qualified to come into the Union
than those who have lived under former Territorial
governments? i>yideK, sir, it is due to the new
settled poitions of the country, tnat the nation
should furnish governments ior them during their
infancy, and be answerable for their governmental
expenses.
khould there be too many people in California
for one teintorial government, others could be
formed fiom portions of the territory.
But suppose you lonn governments, and neglect
to enact the ordinance ot 17d7j what wiil be the
consequence? I answer, you will protect the colo-
nization of slavery for a period of more than fifteen j
years. {Should this course be pursued, what will 1
finally he the resnji? A brief allusion to the State j
of Missouri will disclose. That State remained j
under a territorial government seventeen years, |
during which time slavery was slowly colonized; ;
and after a desperate struggle, it came into the '
Union a siavehokting State, regretted, I am in- .
clined to believe, by a majority of its intelligent '
population at the present moment. The white '
population of Missouu, I know, is equal to any ,
m the Union; and if they were rid of their blacks, ;
immigration would pour in, the mighty resources i
of the State would be developed, and Missouri j
would be the jN'ew York of the West. But she has 1
just enough of a trovblesome population to cripple
ner progress; and such I, for one, solemnly believe
will be tne fate of California and JN'ew Mexico,
unless Congress shall extend over these Territories
the ordinance of 1787.
The numerous bills that have been framed, con-
taining some little " loop-hole" through which sla-
very might creep into those Territories, are quite
amusing. The last project for a settlement of the
slavery question was introduced by the gentleman
from Alabama, [Mr. Hilliard,] forming a Stale
in California, with a southern limit of 3-P 30', and'
leaving a strip of land belonging to the Union
south of this State, across to the Pacific, io be
annexed to Texas—with no disrespect for that gen-
tleman, I will say, as a sort of parade ground " for
slavery," preliminary to its march over the whole
of Mexico. Once moie as to these various " com-
promise bills." It is sometimes said that northern
men are moie expert in figures-—better mathema-
ticians than southern men.
This may or may not be true; but, sir, there is
one rule of arithmetic which 1 was compel'ed to
commit to memory when a boy, that is lest un-
1 derstood by gentlemen who have presented "these
| compromise bills." I allude, sir, to the rule which
! is defined by Nicholas Pike to be "the showing
j how many different ways any given number of
! things may be changed." Under this iule, one
| question is put, to escertain how many changes
! can be rung on eight bells in a certain church5in
Boston; and another, to ascertain in how many
different positions a given number of nien can sit
at table. Supposing there to have been one black
man. among these persons, would it not be amusm*
to see them changing places at table every iKy, to
convince the landlord that the black man had gone?
Change as they might, still the black man would
be there. So of these bills. The negro changes
position m each one of them; but still the ntgro
may be seen in them all.
I trust I shall be pardoned a few remarks as to
the policy of advocating free territory by north-
ern Democrats. We are told that we are adding
stiengthto the "third party," but, sir, in my ]udg-
ment, to undertake to make the Democratic "party
responsible for slavery propagandism, would add
strength to the " third party.'*
In most of the free States where the ordinance
of 1787 was disavowed by the leading Democrats,
we failed in the late election of President; but m
Maine, where it was upheld, we succeeded. Let
me for a moment show how we prevented defec-
tion from our own ranks. The whole Democratic «
press of the State, with one or two exceptions,
took ground against the extension of slavery. The
Democratic papers, generally, expressed an honest
opinion that General Cass, if elected, would not
veto a territorial bill. On the day of October
last the leading Democratic paper of the State made
the following announcement:
! We are satisfied that the Free ^oil patty in M;uno wiil
i accompli>h nothing. Tht Democracy ot ih<; Ssate. took their
] stand upon tins Mibp ct long since, hdii-vip" Unit ah proper
i Dicfhurcs ai e <itiainable vviiluu the limu,« of flu n old oigam-
; zation. The followius rcsoiuuons. p-i5.su d both branches
j of oui Legislature at the la*t ssessiion. aie fully expressive of
| the popular sentiment:
, Resohes relating to the extension of duvery in nexvhj acquired
j Icriiionj.
| " Resolved, That M.ime duly appreciates the concessions
| and oompMmii-.es winch led io the adoption and est ibli.-h-
I ment of the Con>titutioji of the Unif-'d States ; and .-he \\ ill
i cneerfully and houesilv abide by the letter and of
} t^ein. At the same tunc ^he wiil lmntv rtsi-at all demands'
i foi then enlaiirement and extension.
_ " Resohcd, That the sentiment of tins State is profound,
[ sincere, and almost universal, that the influence ol slavery
upon iJioduehve cnciu) like the blight of mihh w ; that it
, is debasing and degrading m its influence upon free labor;
i tnat it is a moral and -ocial evil; that it uoe-. violence lo the
uphu. nt ii j iii t as a nmoueJjihiriknuf, rind accountable b' ing;
^ influenced bv these and other important coiwd. rations,.
!; this SHiHe will firmly oppose the mtieduction ot siaveiy into
J any tenitory acquired as an indemnity for danus upon
;i Mexico. " ''
j1 '* Resolved, That it is the duty of Congress to prevent, by
j; the e.veiciseof all coi^titutmrial power, the fxtenstonof
slaveij into tfiiitory os ihr (Jiiiti d cfiatr-. now tiee.
■ ! " Revolved, That om Senuroi*. in rongrfs- aie hereby m-
-j s-tructed, and our repie-cntativra lenue ted, to f-uppoit and
,j cany out ti.e priminles of tne foi'<going ic&oliuions."—
• j Pa<seJ *&u:*uit H} 1S<8.
.| The iion!e-h^<trted Demociacy of the Pine Tiee Stnte
■ i heartily detect-lavtn. and, hi the lan ua e ofCafS, " pfay
|' foi its abolition evenvviieio." They aie opposed to tha
extension oi the nisliiuuoii to places v\ here it qoojs not now
j eAi^t.
j| Such was the language of the leading organ of
jj the Democratic patty. What was the result? The
!j day of election came, and the Democrats carried
1 the State, believing that freedom in the Territories
i would be secured by "their old organization."
' Had the leaders and press of the Democratic
party in Maine repudiated the ordinance, they
would have added strength to the "thud party,"
and the banner of the Democracy of the State
would have trailed in the dust.
