1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
855
But it is said that to oppose the extension of sla- j j
very will lead to a dissolution of the Union. It
then comes to this: if certain gentlemen cannot ex- :
tend slavery, they will go in for a dissolution. I ; [
do not wonder that these gentlemen hold up the j;
idea of a dissolution. They have an object to ae- j]
comphsh, and they might be willing to accomplish ! j
it through the fears of northern men. But the j]
northern man who will catch up the cry and ring it j1
through all its changes, endeavoring to alarm the I
people of the north who love the Union, into an |
acquiescence in the propagation of slaveiy, is !
scarcely worthy to be free himself. Dissolu- 1
tion of the Union for what? For the purpose of ;
extending slavery? Sir, revolts and popular out- j
breaks have been common in all countries. His- j
tory is full of rude and terrible efforts of even i
semi-barbarians for liberty. But who ever heard of ;
the dissolution of a government, by an intelligent i
people, for the purpose of colonizing slavery—for '
the enslavement of an empire? |
The American Revolution was a desperate effort 1
for liberty, and Jefferson regarded the extension !
of slavery to the American colonies by England, !
as an emphatic reason for a dissolution of our i
connection with that Power. What, sir, is going 1
on at the present time? France, Italy, Germany, ;
Ireland, and in fact the principal nations of Eu-
rope, have sought to dissolve their existing Gov- '
ernments, to secure the blessings of freedom. 1
The inspiriting; cry of liberty has been heard all
over the civilized woild, while in America the
hoarse and discordant notes of dissolution are
sounded, and we are warned that our Republic is
to be dissolved, unless we give our votes to fasten
slavery, directly or indnectly, upon the empire of
the Pacific. But, sir, there js no need of alarm.
The Union will not be dissolved; and I have an
abiding; confidence that slavery will not be permit-
ted to enter our Territories.
-The hour expired.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, then ob-
tained the floor. He said: ft is my design to con-
fine myself to a subject quite relevant to the bill
now under discussion. I mean, sir, the present
condition of the finances, and the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury m relation to them,
delivered at the present session of Congress.
It is due to the Secretary to say, that the report
is in far better taste than the former productions
of that officer. It is of a more elevated cluuacter.
Its principles, which are exceedingly unsound as
I think, are sustained with much ability and adroit-
ness, and with lawyer-like skill. There is less of
the low appeal to the prejudices of classes, and of
the arts of the demagogue, than s >metimes has
appeared in productions of a similar character.
There are also some recommendations which are
worthy of being adopted, and will, I hope, find
favor dunng the present session with the two
Houses of Congress. The recommendation of ^
''Department of the Interior" is of this character,
and, as must be apparent to all who are conversant
with the business of the different departments, it
is quite essential that some such department should
be organized. The Treasury Department is now
so loaded down with numetous burdensome du-
ties, that it is quite impossible for any Secretary to
attend faithfully to discharge them.
There are many points in this report to which I
would gladly call the attention of the House and
the country, and 1 may do so at another time. My
present purpose, however, is to confine myself to
a few points which appear to me to be of the ut-
most impoi tance; and to avail myself of the state-
ments of the Secretary himself mainly on these
subjects.
The balance in the treasury on the 30th June
next is estimated in the report to be $2,853,694 84.
The probability is that there will be no such bal-
ance, nor any balance at all, in the treasury at
that time, as shown by his own report.
The expenditures for the residue of the year, I
think, are under-estimated, and the receipts over-
rated.
The actual expenditures for the first quarter of
the present fiscal year, ending 30th September,
1848, as shown by the report, are §17,86(5,104 91.
The estimated expenditures for the remaining
three quarters are only $3G,339,170 15—being a
little more than double lor three quarters ot the
actual known expenditures of the first quarter. I
have not examined in detail these estimated ex-
penditures, but it seems quite improbable that any
such serious difference should exist between-differ-
ent portions of the year. It may be said, indeed,
that the expenses of the army, and other expenses
arising out of the war with Mexico, are greater
during the first quarter than they will be during
the residue of the year. This may be, to some
extent, true; but it should be borne in mind that
these expenses, the debts thus contracted, aie, to
a very great extent, yet unpaid. Claims to a very
large amount are yet unsettled, arising, in part,
from the necessity of the case, and in part from
the want of clerical force or inefficiency in the
departments. The amounts to be paid, dui tng this
year and the next, ftom this cause, will be very
great; and although they may diminish from year
to year, the experience of former years has shown
us, that for twenty or thit ty years, or even a much
longer time, these claims will be constantly pre-
sented, and operate as a serious draught on the
treasury.
It may be very reasonable to estimate the ex-
penses of the navy for the last three quartets of
this year at $(>,089,032 56, when the actual ex-
penses are shown by the report to have been lor
the first quarter, ^,2,979,032 17; that is, mat the
' expenses of the thiee quarters will only be about
: double of the expenses tor the one quarter. But
, such an estimate appears quite unsatibfactoiy, un-
! less sufficient explanation con be given for this
great discrepancy.
I It is, however, well known that Congress al-
ii ways makes appropriations not contemplated by or
estimated for by the departments, and numeious
; and large items of expenditure are always added,
and always will be added, to those for winch esti-
; mates are made.
j But if the Secretary of the Tieasury has made
{ only a true estimate of the expendituies for the
; | residue of the present year, he has so far over-esti-
,j muted the receipts that instead of there being a
I! surplus at the end of the year, there will be a de-
r | ficiency.
j The receipts from the customs during the last
'> year were £,31,757,070 9G. The estimate for the
j: present year is $32,000,000 from the same source,
li The actual returns, however, show, that during
!j the first quarter, instead of being an increase over
II the receipts for the same period of the last yeai,
i' there lids been a serious diminution. The receipts
,! for the quarter ending September 30, 1847, were
i1 #11,100,257 41. For the quarter ending Sep-
i tember 30, 1SJS, the receipts were *,8,991,935 07;
| being a falling off in one quarter, fium this source
| alone, of £2,114,322 34.
j The leceipts from the public lands, last year,
I were $3,328,642 50. The estimated receipts irom
!j the same source during this year are §3,000,000.
Ij During the first quaiter, however, thete has been
i] a more serious falling; off than even in relation to
the receipts from the customs. Duiing the quarter
j i ending" September30,1847, the actual leceipts fiom
! | the public lands were §«9G,8S3 47; and foi the quar-
;; ter ending September 30, 1848, the actual receipts
'' were ^,4^2,709 40: being a diminution in this one
!j quarter of $414,174 07.
" It thus appear*, that the falling off in the re-
ceipts from the customs and pubhc lands in one
quarter was £>2,528,490 41. The deiinency in
this quarter alone, is thus very neaily equal to the
entire balance estimated to be on hand on the 30th
June, 1849—that amount being y>2.tf53,b94 43.
lj But, sir, there is> vn item pi receipts embraced
; in these et<tim«.tcs which, according to the con-
'' strucuon given to the act ot 2dih January, 1847,
]i is not available at all for the genernl expenses ot
the Government. I refer to the receipts lrom the
'! public lands. The Secretary, m his report, says:
i! '• I'nder these eiicum.-iance-, i leconmieud that the
|! TieaMir\ D.-partn cut b<- ai,Unitized to pui c ha*e at tne mar-
|| ki't Mis', at an> U.ne when if^ mean.- \\ ill allow, utrer the
; | ftr>t of JhIv next, any pmiion oi LlitJ debt ot tu ent>-eight
h millions authorized bvthe act of the twenty-eighth o: Jan-
uary, 1H47, iticiuiun/ irea-uiy rote*, n auv ternum
j! uniunded. Tir.- tue moia neee^ tiy, as the ^ales oi t'ie
,j public land* h;ue been  ut apait i>\ tin- depaitment, as
1 fhiccted by that art, 'oi the pa\ incut o! the inteiest and put-
! i chase oi tue pimcsp.d oi iLi- w inch i- impo-^ibJo at
,! piesent, rht> right or pim h.i e hems' limited to pat. Cnles>,
' then, nutiioniv sho ild L>>J j;i\eu to pun. hase tin* at the
market rate, fi consib'rahlV sminmu-t remain in thotroasuiy
on tin; tiist of July ne\t of the sale?, which can be Us>yd lor
no puipuse whatever."
I find, from the amendment yesterday added,
moved by direction of the Committee of ways and
Means, to the civil and diplomatic appropriation
bill, that that committee entertain a similar view
of the construction of thelaw, which has thus been
confirmed by the decision of a majority of the
House of Representatives. I have not supposed
that this was a just construction of this statute, and
shali, before 1 sit down, give a few reasons for that
opinion. On the supposition, however, that this
view of the subject is correct, some important
questions arise.
The section of the act referred to is as follows:
" Sec. 19. JJntl he it further cnactal, That for the payment
of the stock which may be created under the provisions of
this act, the sale* of the public lands are heiehy pledged;
and u Kherehv madethedutj of the Sec retary oi the Treas-
ury to use and apply all monevs winch ma} be ieeeived into
ihe treasury for the bales of the public land-; after the Utof
January 184S: tlr-t. to pay the niteiest on all f.tocks  issued
bv virtue of this act; and, secondly, fo n-e the balance of
said receipt*, after paying the interest afore.-aid, hi the pur-
chase of said s.toek* af theirinarketvaiiie, ptovided no more
than par shall be paid for stud nocks.''
The ground assumed by the Secretary 13, that
" the receipts for the public lands hawng been
pledged as security for this loan, they can be ap-
plied to no other purpose, but must either be set
aoaitand remain idle and unused m the treasury,
after paying the interest upon it, to await the
maturity of the loan, or be applied in the purchase
of the stock itself."
In either event the result is the same; for if used
to buy up the stock, it only so far diminishes the
amount of this debt, and the available means of
the Government precisely to that extent, and in the
same manner, as if placed m a strong box and
kept unused until the maturity of the loan.
Why, then, is it, sir, that the Secretary places
this as a part of the available means of the Govern-
ment? Why is it, that with one breath he informs
Congress that this money can be only used for the
payment of the interest and principal of this loan,
and yet declares to his successor in office that this
is a part of the available means in the hands of his
successor to be used for the ordinary expenses of
Government? And tells Congress that, including*
this amount, he will have some three millions of
available balance in the treasury on the 30th June,
1840 >
So far as the interest on this loan is concerned,
he places that with the other expenditures for
which provision is to be made, and to that extent
the receipts for the public lands are first applicable.
In the first place, sir, this fund is pledged only
for the payment of interest, or stock issued under
this act, according, as I think, to a fair construc-
tion of the act itself, and not to the treasury notes
until the same shall be funded, and stock substi-
tuted for them.
Suppose, however, that it is applicable to the
entire amount authorized to be issued—whether
stock or treasury notes—the result would only be
a difference of amount.
In that view of the subject, the amount of the
loan authorized by the act was $23,000,000. As,
however, the act authorized the issue of stock for
. treasury notes previously issued, a fair construc-
tion of" the statute extends the pledge to all such
stock.
The entire amount of stock issued—as shown
by table O, accompanying the Secietary's report
—is something more than $28,000,000.
The interest on this sum is about fil,700,000,
which, deducted from the leceipts for the pubhc
lands for a portion of last fiscal year, and in the
! same manner for the estimated receipts of this
, year, would leave, after paying the inieiest, about
| ^2,000,000, whit.h, arcoiumg to the views of the
Secieuu-y, and this House also, would be in no
manner asaibble to the ordinary expenses of the
Government. This amount is not far short of the
whole estimated balance in the treasury7 at the end
of the year.
It is thus, sir, quite apparent, as I think, that in
any view of this subject, so far from there being
any balance on hand at the end of the present
fiscal year, the Administration may find them-
selves most seriously embarrassed by the defi-
ciency of funds; and four montns alter coming1
into office may find, instead of any balance on
hand, that the whole receipts into the treasury will
be insufficient to meet the demands upon it created
before coming into office.
If I am correct m these views, it is the obvious
duty of Congress to anticipate and provide for
such a result, and not to wait until these evils shall
arise. ....
In relation, however, to the authouty srivcn in
the appropriation bill to the Secretary ©f the Treas-
ury to purchase this stock at his discretion above
