356
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 24,
par, I 3haII regret exceedingly to see any such
authority finally given by any law, and still hope
that in this particular that act may be amended
elsewhere.
It does not appear to roe that a fair construction
of that act requires that the alternative should
be resorted to either of hoarding the money in
the treasury, or authorizing the purchase of the
stock. I have always supposed that the only
value of this pledge, and all that the act proposed
to give to the holders of the stock, was, the punc-
tual payment of the interest, and by an authority
to purchase the stock at par, to prevent it ever
■ falling below the par value. It was never designed
to be held a3 a sinking fund, and to accumulate
in the treasury for that purpose. It was well
known that the stock would probably not, or very
rarely, sink below par, at which price alone the
original act authorized that it should be purchased.
The fund, if suffered to accumulate, might, and
probably would, amount to more than the original
Joan upon its maturity.
Such a construction would not be given of a
pledge even between individuals by the strict rules
of law. It is well known that in many States the
Legislatures have made large loans to railroad com-
panies, to aid them in the construction of their
roads. These loans have been on long time, and
have been secured by the pledge of 44 the radroad,
its franchise and income." In the State of Massa-
chusetts a loan of this character was made of a
number of millions of dollars to one corporation,
and other States have followed the example. It
has been in some of these cases judicially decided,
that although the income of the road was pledged
for the payment of the loan, the company would
not be restrained from applying that income,
after paying the interest on the loan, to the pay-
ment of dividends on the stock. The claim was,
that income should be allowed to accumulate as
security for the principal, and should be held for
that purpose. But this claim was denied,and the
universal opinion, so far as I know, is, that only
on a breach of the conditions of the loan, and a
failure to meet the interest or principal when due,
could any application be made of the income for
that purpose.
The objections to allowing any such authority to
the Secretary are very obvious. The annual pur-
chase by the Treasury of one or two millions
dollars of this stock would at once greatly inflate
it in market,and the price which would be iequired
to be paid would of course be very extravagant,
if purchased at all. Nor do I think that any Sec-
retary of the Treasury should have intrusted to
him any such dangerous discietion.
There is another item which is very strangely
placed among the available means of the treasury;
but as it is only for the very trifling sum of about
$166,000,1 will not occupy long the attention of
the committee in consideimg it.
Table C of the report contains a " statement of I
the funds available to the treasury October 1, 1848, I
from loans and treasury notes." in this statement of j
available means is included the sum of $30U,034 75, j
t( under the 14th secuon of the ^ct of January 2b,
3847," being the amount of treasury notes issued '
prior to 1846, and by that section authorized to be
funded. The 14th section here referred lo is as
follows:
"That it shall and may be lawful for the holders of any
treasury notes issued, or authorized to be is&ued, under tins
act, or any laws heietofore passed, to convert the &ame into
certificates ot funded stock, upon the same tonus and m the
same manner hereinbefore provided in ielation to thr tieds-
ury notes authorized by the first section of this act."
It is difficult to see how this authority to exchange
treasury notes for stock can in any way be con-
sidered as available means. In plain language, the
Government having issued notes on short tune,
authorize the holder to return them, and receive in
exchange their notes payable twenty years ahead.
A debtor leaves it at theoption of a creditorto take
a new note for an old one, which may be a conve-
nient anangement enough for all parties; but how
this arrangement gives the debtor any money, or
available means of any kind, is not very apparent.
From this sum of §300,034 75, there is deducted in
this statement f!33,728, which leaves,as a part of
the available means from this source, §166,206 75,
if my subtraction is correct. It is true that, under
the head of " treasury notes outstanding and pay-
able when presented," the sum of §161,989 31 is
included as a part of the estimated expenditures
for the year on the second page of the Secretary's
report. If thi3 is designed to correspond with this
entry under the head of available means, it is quite
obvious that if these notes are presented and paid,
it eomes very properly under the head of expenses
for the year; but this in no way authorizes the Sec-
retary to issue to any person any stock by virtue
of this section, or any other section or act; and in
no sense is this entry properly placed under_ the
head of " available means."
This is, however, a matter of small importance,
and I hasten to consider two acts of the Secretary
of the Treasury of a far more grave and important
character, and to which I call the attention of the
House.
It appears from the statement of the Secretary
of the Treasury, in his report, that he has pur-
chased in market ^500,000 of stock, as claimed by
him under the autnority of the 5th section of the
act of 3lst March, ld48, but, as 1 conceive, in clear
violation of law.
It struck ine, sir, as exceedingly strange, that
any such authority should, unuer the cucum-
stances, be exercised by the Secretary, if conferred
by law. The loan was authorized by that act tor"
$16,000,000. Advertisements were issued inviting
bids for the loan. About the middle of June, 1
think, the bids were opened, and the stock was
distributed; a part of the amount was paid in from
time to time during the summer and tall; and a
portion of the amount (some three millions, as the
chairman of the Ways and Means informs me) is
still unpaid. During this time, while thus bor-
rowing money and issuing the stock for it, the
Secretary of the Treasury takes a portion of the
very money received lioin the avails of the loan,
and goes into market and purchases up a part of
this \ery stock at an advanced premium. Before
any particular examination of the act, the trans-
action appeared to me to be a most extraordinary
one.
A careful examination of the act shows it to be
not only most extraordinary, but illegal. The 5th
section of the act is as follows:
"That the Secietary of the Treasury be, and he is here-
by, autlionzed to pui'duiM:. at any time belore the puiiod
heiem limned lur the leUempUon of the stock hereby < routed,
such poiuon thereof, at tliti niaiket puce, nut below par, as
the funds ot the Government may admit ot, after meeting all
the demands on the treaMtry; and any surplus that liere-
atter limy be m tbe tteasury isheieby appropriated to that
object."
In the first place, the. funds of Ihe Government did
not, in the language ot the act, admit ot the pur-
chase of this stock. At the very time when this
purchase was made, the expenditures tar exceeded
the receipts of the Government, except so lar as
those arose from money borrowed by the Grovern-
i ment. During the quarter ending the 30th Sep-
! tember, 1848, the actual receipts from customs,
I public lands, and all other sources, except the
' avails of loans and treasury notes, was, as appears
by tiie report of the Secretary, $9,607,914 8;i; and
the actual expendituies during tlie same time were
: more than |15,000,u00—the expendituies thus ex-
ceeding the receipts some five or six millions ol
dollais during this quarter. Precisely when this
purchase was made 1 do not know, but about this
period of time; and the funds used were collected
trom this very loan itself, or some other loan. The
Secretary raises money by the issue of stock,
and takes that very money to purchase, at an ad-
vanced price, the very stock so issued—a clear
violation of the spirit and express provisions of
the law.
But the act also provides, that "any surplus that
may be hereafter in the treasury is appiopnated
to tnat object."
There was no such surplus in the treasury. The
obvious meaning of the act is, that if, at any fu-
ture time, the annual receipts should, fiom any
cause, so far exceed the expenditures as to place
m the treasury a clear surplus, that, instead of
allowing such surplus to increase, or resorting to
the measure of distribution, as on a former occa-
sion, the Government should buy up its own stock.
But, at this time, the only money m the treasury
was that which was placed there by payments on
the loan which was at the time called ior and paid
by the holders of the stock. We have seen that
the expenditures far exceeded the receipts from all
other sources.
The apology given by the Secretary for his pro-
ceedings is, tnat there was a large amount of specie
in the several depositories, and that by his estimate
there would be a balance of §2,853,694 84 m the
treasury on the 1st July, 1849, and a balance of
£5,040,542 11 on the 1st July, 1850. It is of
course quite unimportant that there was in the
several depositories a considerable amount of spe-
cie, when a larger amount was received during
She same period from the loans. By calling in the
loan more rapidly, it was entirely in Jus power to
cause a still greater accumulation in those deposit-
ories for the time being.
The other ground is not only untenable, but
absurd—relying upon estimates which are, of
course, necessarily a mere matter of conjecture
and which at the very time he knew were no!
sustained by the actual returns, as showing that a
surplus would be in the treasury six or nine
months, or even eighteen months ahead, and
taking that as the apology for a puiehase of whaS
is wholly unauthorized and inexcusable. We
have seen also, that so far from there being prob-
ably any surplus at ihe time named, there will be
a serious deficiency m the treasury.
But, sir, there is a still more serious violation of
law, on the part of the Secretary of the Treasury,
in loaning from the sub-treasury in New Yoik,
about the first of October last, the sum of $800,000-
The provisions of "An act to provide for the better
organization of the treasury, and for the collection
safekeeping, transfer, and disbursement of the
public revenue," commonly calledthe sub-treasury
act, in the sixteenth section, is as follows:
" That all officers and other persons, charged by this aor?
or any other act, with the safekeeping, transfer, and dis-
bursement of the public inonejs,other than th.ise connected
with the Post Office Department, are heieby required to.
keep an accurate entry ol each sum received, ami ot each
payment or transfer; and that if any one ©f the said officers,,
ni of those connected with the Post Office Depaitnient,sh.tli
convert to his osvn use, in any way whatever, or shall use, by
way ot investment in any kind of properly oi meiehandij-e,
or shall loan, with or without interest, or shall deposits
in any bank, or shall exchange for other funds, exetpt as
allowed hy tins act, any poi tion ol the public moneys intrust-
ed to him for sufekeeping.dUburieineiit, translei, or for any
otbei purpose, e\ rrv such act sliali be deemed and adjudged
to be an embezzlement 01 so niueli ol the s.nrf moneys as
shall be thus taken, converted, invested, used, loaned, (ie
posited, or exchanged, which is hereby 'declined to be w
felony."
The punishment provided by the act for this of-
fence is "imprisonment for a term not iess than
six months nor more than ten years, and a fin&
equal to the amount embezzled."
I have spoken of the transaction as a loan, be-
cause such I suppose it to be, and that the attempt
at evasion resorted to was of a kind in no way to
alter the character of the transaction.
I may be wrong in my information as to th&
facts, but, relying upon the statement of those who
at the time undertook to apologize for, or defend
the act of the Secretary, 1 suppose it to have been
as follows:
By the 8th section of the aet of 28th January*
1847, the Secretary is authorized to purchase treas-
ury notes at par; and by the 12th section of the
same act he is authorized to reissue notes which
have been redeemed. As at the time the markefe
value of the stock was above the par value* he-
could not, of course, make the purchase in the
ordinary mode. The course adopted, as it is
stated, was to enter into a stipulation with certain
persons to purchase of them their stock at par 
with the agreement that, at the expiration of a lim-
ited time, the same amount should be issued and
returned to them at its par value; and in the mean
time, as it is understood, that no interest should bo
charged.
I need not say, sir, that this transaction was by
the public invariably considered to be a loan, and
no intelligent merchant viewed it in any other
light, it was, indeed, by some considered a very
clever >devine to evade the sub-treasury law, but
no one supposed that there was in either instance
a bona jide sale of any stock.
Evejy lawyer is familiar with various devices,
through fictitious sales, to evade the usury laws, and
how perfectly unsuccessful such attempts always
are. I cannot conceivey sir, that before any re-
spectable tribunal in the country any such evasion
would for a moment shield any violator of this act.
I am aware, sir, that the Secretary was urged to
this unauthorized proceeding by many gentlemen
of great respectability, connected extensively in
business, as well as by those dealing largely m
stocks, with the view of relieving the pressure upon
the money market in New York, and indirectly
other parts of the country. A large amount of
specie had accumulated in the sub-treasury in
