360
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 24,
the President knew it, Commodore Warrington
knew it, they all knew it, and you know that
the taw was-violated; and the only question is,
whether you will sanction its violation. I want to
have this precedent fixed now, we ought to have a
solemn decision of the Senate now; and, if the
Senate shall decide to pay this demand of Captain
Percival, I undertake to say that every commander
at sea will fill his ship with persons who are un-
authorized to be there; and he will not only invite
his friends on board, but pay them out of the
public treasury for going. And who can blame
him? It is a matter of pure and downright favor-
itism. The captain, having the sole command,
can crowd his vessel with his friends, which the
second lieutenant or other officers cannot do. He
has a monopoly of this boon. But, sir, it is so
plain and palpable an infraction of the Constitution
of the country—such a flagrant abuse in that arm
of the public service, which in the distance in
which it acts from home, is least under the super-
vision of law—that I will not believe, until I see it
upon the decision by yeas and nays, that the Sen-
ate will sanction it.
Mr. MILLER. Mr. President, when the Sen-
ator from Ohio moved to reconsider this matter, I
understood from him that he had some additional
facts which he wished to lay before the Senate, in
order to change the opinion of the majority of the
Senate on this subject. But, sir, I am not able to
gather from the papers submitted, or the remarks
of the Senator himself, any additional argument
which goes to show that this claim ought not to be
allowed. The communication from the Fourth
Auditor, I think, is written to justify himself, or
rather it seems to have been written to defend him-
self, as if an attack on him had been made. Now,
as regards the Auditor, I had no idea of censuring
that officer; I believe that no Senator intended to
cast censure on the accounting officer, if he be-
lieved that there was no authority in law for this
payment, it was his duty to reject the claim. The
ground we took before was this: We doubted the
propriety of charging this matter on Captain Pcr-
cival, inasmuch as it appears, by a letter from the
Secretary of the Navy, that this gentleman, called
a naturalist, was taken on board the ship by his
authority, with the sanction of the President of
the United States; and that he was not only taken
there, but the amount of his pay was fixed by that
order.
Now, if there be no authority, and I suppose
there was no law at the time to make this payment,
and if it is not to be charged against the purser,
why should it not go to the person who gave the
original authority? I do not see why it should
stop at Captain Percival; because he acted in this
case with great prudence and propriety. He sup-
posed a person of this character, on board a ship
which was about to perform a voyage around the
world, might be of service to the country. Cut,
whatever might have been his private opinions, he
did not act upon them. He did not, as the Senator
from Ohio supposes, select a friend without author-
ity, and give him a place on board his ship. No;
he applied to the President, and the President
informed him that he approved of the matter, and
had no objection if the Secretary of the Navy
would consent to it. But Captain Percival was
not satisfied with this, and he wrote a letter to the
Secretary of the Navy, stating the views of the
President. The Secretary answered his letter, and
in a formal manner ordered him to take this man
on board his ship, and fixed the nature of his ser-
vice,and the rate of his compensation. Why, then,
fix the blame on Captain Percival? He acted dis-
creetly, taking no responsibility on himself, but
taking permission from his superiors.
Mr. President, the Senator from Ohio has not
furnished any additional facts. 1 think it will be
of service to this case, however, that there has
been a motion for reconsideration; for in the hurry
of debate the other day, all the facts as they ap-
pear in the papers were not presented. 1 under-
take to say, that if the Senators will attend to the
facts of this case, they will see that, instead of be-
ing a case of private advantage—an attempt to get
round the law—an attempt to smuggle a man on
board a ship—the person appointed was appointed
by authority, and that he performed public ser-
vices of which the country has had the benefit. A
particular report of these services has been pre-
sented, and is now on file. It is evidently the pro-
duction of an intelligent mind, and shows the
results of his enterprise for the good of the coun-
try, which has had the benefit of it; and it has met
with the approbation of the Government itself.
In addition to this, all these services have been
performed without costing the country one cent of
money, and, in fact, there has been a saving to the
country. In the first place, it appears that Mr.
Chandler was appointed by the Secretary of the
Navy on the application of Captain Percival, with
the consent of the President. He was put on
board, not as an officer, but under the name of a
naturalist. There was no creation of a new office,
but he was appointed in lieu of a chaplain, to
which the ship had a right; for the service Had a
right under the law to a chaplain, and the pay of a
chaplain. I do not know whether Mr. Chandler
was a clergyman or not, but I am informed that
he was, and that he took the place of a chaplain,
so that no additional expense was thrown on the
treasury.
Upon the arrival of the ship at Rio, Mr. Chand-
ler was so sick as not to be able to prosecute the
voyage. That appears from the papers. Captain
( Percival, believing that his authority was not given
1 for the personal advantage of Mr. Chandler, but
: was given for the service of his country, was anx-
ious therefore to continue the office, and carry on
some person to perform those duties. But, doubt-
ing whether he had authority to substitute another
person, he wrote a letter to our minister at Rio,
Mr. Wise, setting forth the facts in relation to the
appointment of Mr. Chandler, and stating reasons
for his inability to perform the service, and asking
his advice whether he had authority to substitute
another gentleman. I have here the letter of Mr.
Wise, in which liestates that, from authority given
by the Secretary of the Navy, it is evident that the
Government had^objects independent of considera-
tions relating to Mr. Chandler personally, and that
it was the duly of Captain Percival to carry out
these objects of Government, a nil that he had au-
thority to do so. A Mr. Keinhardt, an American
citizen, was then at Rio; he had been engaged in
some scientific explorations m South America, and
had been recommended to Captain Percival, and
under the advice of our minister, Mr. Wise, he
was substituted m place of Mr. Chandler. But,
though Captain Percival substituted Mr. Reinhardt
in place of Mr. Chandler, it was not as a chaplain,
but as a naturalist and astronomer; and he, there-
fore, did not receive the pay of a chaplain at $1,200
per year, but he gave him the pay of a passed mid-
shipman, (§750,) thereby saving the difference be-
tween $75(3and §1,200. Under these circumstances
Mr. Reinhardt was taken on board the ship; the
voyage was prosperous; he went around the world,
and visited many countries; and on his return Mr.
Reinhardt made a report of his observations and
discoveries, and sent to the Department of the Navy
various bo.xes, containing seeds, animals, and all
the curiosities he could collect that he considered
might be valuable to natural science, communica-
ting them through Captain Percival to that depart-
ment. Here is a letter of the Secretary of the
Navy in relation to these things, which I request
the Secretary to read for the information of the
Senate.
The Secretary read the letter accordingly, as
follows:
Nwy Department, October 14, 1846.
Str r During the recent cruise of the United States frigate
Constitution, Captain Percival, along the east coast of Af-
rica, and in the Indian and China seas, she was accompa-
nied by Dr. J. O. Reinhardt, who gave much time and
attention in makinp observation?, and collecting specimens
in natural history, tor ihe benefit of the National Institute.
I have now the pleasure to inclose to yon bis /eport.
In communicating tins report to the department, Captain
Percivui testifies in the strongest language to the devoted
interest which was manifested hyits author, tluoughoutthe
voyage, in has fdvouio pursuit, ami earnestly recommends
him as a most suitable person to procure any seeds and
specimens of natural history which may be desired from
Drazil.
Dr. Reinhardt joined the Constitution at Rio Janeiro,
where he was compelled, by cncumstances of a pnvate na-
ture, to leave her on her return, ami he will, theiefore, have
no opportunity at present to confei personally with any offi-
cer of the Institute in reference to the collections which he
wan enaWe/l to make during ftts ciuistf. These collections
are contained m eleven bo'xes, which are now in Boston.
They will be transported at an eailydayto this city, and
piaced in charge of the National Institute.
I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. Y. MASON.
Francis Maxikoe, Jun., Es^.,
Corresponding Secretary of the National Institute for tkc
promotion of Science and the Useful Washington'
Mr. MILLER. The Senate will perceive that
this naturalist was appointed and directed to go
on board the ship by authority of the Government
regulating these things, and that he has faithfully
discharged the duties he was called on to perform.
The Government throughout, as far as the Execu-
tive was conccrned, approved of the expedition,
and the nation,in various ways, has been benefited
by the labors of the person employed. The only
question, then, for the Senate now to determine is,
whether they will put their hands into the pocket
of Captain Percival and compel him to pay this
gentleman for services performed for the country
under the authority of the Wavy Department.
Now, the gentleman from Ohio talks about the
breaking of the Constitution on a subject like this.
He says it is contrary to law; that there was no
authority to make this appointment. I do not see
what the Constitution has to do with a question
of this kind. I would only remark, that if the Con-
stitution never receives harder blows than this, I
do not think there is much danger of its being
broken up for years to come. The Senator says
there is no law. Well, we admit there was no
law authorizing the appointment by name of a
naturalist and astronomer; and that is the very
difficulty in the case. If there had been a law, if
there had been authority to appoint and pay this
naturalist, the Fourth Auditor would not have ob-
jected to the account. But it comes to us like a
thousand other cases where services have been per-
formed, for the payment of which there was no
law at the time the service was rendered. And is
it for the Senate of the United States to say that
where a man honestly performs services for the
country, with no personal or selfish interest, that
he shall not be paid for those services, because at
the time there was no authority by law to make
the appointment? The question is this: Shall we
visit on a third person, and an inferior officer too,
the payment of this money, when he was acting
under the authority of the President of the United
States and the Secretary of the Navy, and acting
in good faith—not from selfish motives, but to pro-
mote the cause of science, and the honor of his
country? I think not.
Mr. YULEE. Mr. President, I desire to say a
few words upon this bill. I shall be very brief.
I voted in favor of this bill the other day, and
shall do so again, and I wish to state the reasons
that will govern my vote. The bill has met the
approval of the Committee on Naval Affairs, and,
although I was not present at the time the commit-
tee had the subject under consideration, yet, on a
review of the case, I am of opinion that the bill
ought to pass.
I concur entirely with the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Allen,] that the Executive officers should
be held to a strict conformity to the laws; that no
countenance should be given by U3 to any depart-
ure on their part from the laws; but in this case
it seems to me that, if we hold Captain Percival
responsible, we shall be doing great injustice to
him, and allow the officer on whom all the blame
should rest to escape. The present incumbent of
the office of Secretary of the Navy had no parti-
cipation whatever in this transaction. His prede-
cessor, the present head of the bureau of Topo-
graphy and Ordnance, acted doubtless in good
faith. There may have been a departure from the
strict authority of the laws, but I understand there
was a reason for it, which it was necessary, in
l order to secure the accomplishment of the purpose
! for which this appointment was made, to keep secret
at the time. It is no longer necessary, however,
to keep this reason a secret; and, in order to pre-
vent an act of injustice to this gentleman, and to
give the Senate the reason for the vote which I
intend to give on this question, I will state the true
reasons which induced this expedition and the
appointment of this officer; and I am sure that
these reasons are such as will satisfy the Senator
from Ohio that it would be a very hard case, when
this appointment was made and authorized for
motives of general public policy, for the conse-
quences of a wrong deed—if there was a wrong
deed—to fall upon a subordinate officer, who acted
under the commands of his superior.
The fact is this: The true object of the expedi-
tion, although ostensibly to sail around the globe,
was to secure to the United States the benefit of
the coal mines in the island of Borneo, situated m
the Asiatic seas. It was deemed highly important
to secure these mines for the benefit of the United
States, in view of the ultimate designs of this Gov-
