1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
863
If it were the object of this expedition, with which
this gentleman was connected, to make a geologi-
cal examination of coal mines, I take it for granted
that the very first idea that would occur to the
Government would have been to obtain a geolo-
gist. Instead of being the last idea, as in this case,
it would have been the first. After the whole mat-
ter is determined upon, the frigate ordered to sail,
all the cost incurred, then it is pretended, for the
first time—the thought occurred to the captain, not |
to the Government—that it was necessary to send 1
somebody along with the expedition that could j
ascertain and describe the different qualities of ■
coal. Thus, it appears, all of a sudden it flashed j
upon the mind of the captain that it was necessary ,
to send some one along with the expedition who j
knew something of this article of coal; and, after ;
the thought was thus conceived, he communicates !
it to the Government. Why, sir, the thing is per- ;
fectly absurd on its face. But here is an answer j
to all this. This gentleman brought back seeds— !
certain boxes of seeds that have been described j
here. I would inquire of my scientific friend from i
Florida, what manner of conncction there is be- ;
tween the duties of an astronomer and a naturalist, j
or why an astronomer—whose business if is to '
look above—should be employed in scratching the '■
bosom of mother earth to get seeds > No, sir, it is
all a humbug. It is a made-up thing—wholly made I
up. Captain Percival was the original contriver j
and the only acting mover in the whole matter; and j
this thing called an order originated with him. |
Captain Percival calls the permission of the ;
President of the United States to take this man on j
boaid arid pay him a salary, an order. Now, to j|
test the question of its being an order or not an h
order, I ask the Senator from Massachusetts to jj
answer this question: Suppose this captain had \l
not taken this gentleman on board, could he have ,j
been tried for mutiny or insubordination? Suppose jj
that Captain Percival, after this permission ororder
was given him, had changed his mind,and refused ]|
to take this man on board, would he have violated ji
any public order? Assuredly no man would say I
that. That is the way to test the question between . i
the order and the permission. Gentlemen say that
he had the permission, which amounted to an !
order. 1 say he had no such thing, because the \\
Government could predicate an order on nothing ,j
but law, and there was no law upon which such 1
predication could lie made. Captain Percival knew j1
they had no law; the Secretary of the Navy told j
him in his order or permission there was no such ,
law. Pre told him that he and the President had
consulted together about the matter, and that, in |
consequence of the difficulty resulting from having i,
no law applicable to the subject, they would have
to get around it by smuggling this man on boaid j
after the vessel had got out to sea. I
The Senator from Massachusetts argues this j
case as though it was a question of construction of ;
law between the Auditor and Captain Percival. j
No such thing, sir. In the utt^r absence of all law, |
the Auditor unquestionably was bound to act in :
accordance with the regulation of the Navy De- j
partment applicable to the question. 1 will read
it: "When the disbursing officer doubts the pro-
4 priety of a claim, he shall state his objections to
4 the commander, m writing." This man did so.
" Then, if he is directed to pay it, the amount will
4 be passed to his credit," that is, the purser's
credit, 44 and the commander under whose orders
4 the payment was made will be responsible for the
* amount if disallowed." The Piesident was ac-
quainted with this order; the Secretary of the Navy
and Captain Percival were also acquainted with it.
I refer to the regulation which 1 have just read of
the Navy Depaitment.
But it is not pretended that there was any au-
thority for this permission of the President to ap-
point this officer. There were in reality two of
these appointments. A gentleman by the name
of Chandler was first appointed. He stopped at
Rio, and had no more connection with the ship.
The captain then appointed another man m his
place. We are now required to confirm the ap-
pointment of these officers; and the gentlemen on
the other side argue this case as though it was
that of an officer appointed regularly by law,
who had done extra duty, and that this claim was
for extra pay, the consequence of that extra duty.
No such thing, sir. There is nothing connected
with the public service winch required that this
man should gather seeds, as it is stated was his
| employment for a portion of the time. It is not
I pretended that this ship was sent around the
| world to gather seeds. Nobody pretends that
1 such was the design of the expedition. It was
i despatched to particular quarters of the globe to
! inquire as to the location of certain beds of coal,
somewhere or other. But there were no samples
of coal brought back; several boxes of certain
kinds of seeds and natural curiosities were the re-
sult of the labois of this man. The plain English
. of the mat er is this: (there is no getting round it,
: and I intend there shall be no getting lound it. I
| want the facts of the case to appear as they stand:)
' A gentleman commanding a national vessel wishes
' to take a friend (a scientiric man) free of passage
i to a particular point; he applies to the Piesident
and Secretary of the Navy, and they give him au~
! thonty to take his friend with him, and put him on
! the pay-roll against law. Yes, sir, against law—
! that is the whole amount of it. It is nothing in
the woild but transporting a private friend in a
public vessel, paying his expenses, and giving him
a salary for going. And we are asked to confirm
this transaction—that is what we are asked to do,
sir. As regards the question raised in relation to
the purser—throwing the blame and consequences
of the payment of tiie salary upon him—it is per-
fectly clear and manifest that the purser had his
authority for what he did in the positive regulation
of the Navy Department. I ask, Mr. President,
tor the yeas and nays upon this question.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maiyland. I confess I am
somewhat at a loss to know upon what ground the
payment of tins money could possibly have been
resisted. It is perfectly clcar that there is no ab-
sence of proof showing that this post captain—
even if there were no existing authority by law
ior the appointment—deiived his authority through
the Secietary of the Navy from the President of
the United States himself. The captain received
the fust gentleman who went on board in the ca-
pacity of naturalist under an expiess piomise by
the President o( the United States that he should
,be paid. lie leceivcd lins gentleman on boaid with :
the assurance beforehand that the expense would
be paid by the Government. The gentleman so
employed was taken ill at llio and was obliged to
leave the ship, and it appears that the individual
subsequently received on boaid in the character of
natuiaiist, was selected undei the advice ol the min-
ister of the United Stales at that place. 1 he voyage
was performed, and the sei vices were lcndeted. He
collected a laige quantity ot laic seeds, and eleven
boxes of minerals which were piesumed to be valu-
able, and upon leuu ning to the United States these
things vveie accepted and disposed of by the Gov-
ernment. They were placeu in the Patent Office,
and the seeds have been distnbuted by the Com-
mifissionei of Patents to every member of the Senate
and House of Kepiesentatives, who have in their
turn forvvaided them to their friends throughout
the country. Through tins instrumentality ol oms,
then, the labors of tins man have thus been de-
voted to the benefit of the community. And we
still hold all the minerals as the pioperty of the
United Stales. Now, I put it to the Senator from
Ohio whether, if the facts vveie not exactly as they
have turned out to be, he would hesitate to pay
tins officer? Suppose that Captain Percival had
no money in the iieasury Depai iment upon which
the Fotuth Auditor could lay his hands to make '
good the expenses incuired for the services len- !
uered by this gentleman; and suppose that Captain j
Percival had lefused to pay him, and that the |
Secietcuy ot the Navy had. lefused, and that the \
President of the United States had directed that
he should not have his pay: would it be just—'
would it be honorable—I say it with all lespeet— :
would it be honest tnat we should hold on to the ,
earnings of ins labor and distribute them for the 1
benefit of our coiistnuents, and letam the minerals 1
as the property ot the United States, and refuse ;
to pay the naturalist, it he were heie m person, •
the amount pioimsed him when he went on boaid? ]
Why, it appears to me that it would not be very ;
creditable to us to do so. !
One woid inoie. The Senator fiom Ohio, and j
the Senator from Connecticut, have moie titan j
once indulged m what appealed to me most unjust !
aspersions in regard to ibis post captain; a man j
who, 1 understand, has woiked his way up from
the lowest grade to the very highest that he could ;
reach; and, in every grade which he has filled, he j
has adorned the service by his skill and integrity. 1
The honorable Senator from Ohio thinks proper
to impute to this officer that, for the purpose of
gratifying personal friendship, knowing- the law to
be against him, he applied to the President of the
United States for authority to.carry this man free
of expense around the world., There is not a par-
ticle of evidence that such is the fact. There is
no evidence to show that Captain Percival was
connected with him at all, except in the way of
his professional duty. There was a friendship
existing between Captain Percival and Mr. Chand-
ler, the first natutahst, but there is not a particle
of evidence to show that such was the case in
respect to Mr. Reirihardt. The first named gen-
tleman bein^ obliged to leave the ship in conse-
quence of ill health, at the instance of our minister
at Uio Mr. Reinhardt was chosen to be his suc-
cessor, in order to complete the service which ihe
Piesident desired should be performed. Now,
suppose there is no law upon our statute book for
the appointment of such an officer, and conse-
quently no le<ral authority for the payment of his
salary: there is always one law which should ren-
der it obligatory upon us to provide the means of
payment for services that have been actually ren-
dered: that is, the law of common honesty—a law
which obtains, or should do so, in all the relations
of private life—not to hold in our own hands the
earnings of another's labor, and refuse to pay him
for it. That is precisely this case. Let the Sen-
ator from Ohio biing in a resolution, if he will, for
' restoring these minerals, after the lapse of four or
| five years since they were received; but, in the
name of all that is light arid honorable, do not
retain this property and refuse to pay for it.
The question being taken on the motion to te-
consider the vote by which the bill had been
passed on a previous day, it was decided in the
negative, as follows:
YE AS—AHpij, AtrliNnn, Athfrton, Hreesc, Bright,
{ Dickinson, of Iowa,Feicli, IJamlni, Metcalfe, Niles,
j and I urney —12.
NATS—Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Berrien, Brad-
bury, Rutlei, (Mai l\p, Oorwin, l)avi< of Day-
ton, Dix, Down:*, Fooit>, Greene, Hon-ton. Johnson ot IVIu-
r\ land, Johnson ni Loui-ianii, Jours, Mn«on, Millar, Pearce,
Ph«'Ips>, Sprnnncp, Slum- on, Undei wood, Upliam*
Walker, YVtMeolt, and Yuleo-30.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, moved that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the bill for
the relief of Frederick Dawson, James Schott, and
Ehsha Dana Whitney, lor the purpose of making
II it a special order for to-morrow.
!; The motion to take up the bill was agreed to;
:! and the question being upon making H the special
ii order for to-morrow—
j! Mr. ATHEUTON said he hoped that this bill
|i would not be made the special order, to take pre-
cedence of all other business. It was a subject that
would give rise to a long debate, and it was neces-
sary that the appropriation bills should be acted
on. It would be recollected that it was upon the
suggestion of the Senator from Maryland that the
Indian appropnation bill had been postponed, and
j now the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill had
j come from the House of Representatives. He
i hoped that to-morrow would be devoted to the
j consideration of the Indian appropriation bill.
'■ There were some things contained in it which,
when the bill came up, might irive rise to consid-
| erable debate. He hoped that there would be no
1 special order assigned for to-morrow, which would
j interfere with the consideration of that bill.
! Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland. I apprehend
j theic will be no difficulty in taking up the appro-
j priation bill to-morrow, fori have no idea that this
I subject shall occupy much time. I desire, how-
ever, that it be taken up to-morrow, in order to
give the Senator from Vermont onapportunity to
I continue his remarks, which he commenced on
Thursday last, as it is possible he may be called
1 away within a few days. I-Ie will not occupy
j more than half an hour, I presume, and it is not
| my purpose to detain the Senate for more than half
! that time. It is a mere matter of personal accom-
| modation to the Senator from Vermont; and the
! bill can betaken up, and its consideration proceeded
i with, without in the least degree embarrassing or
| impeding the pi ogress of the appropriation bills.
; If the debate should be prolonged, I will consent
that it be passed by.
' Mr. ATHERTOX. I hope, then, it will not be
. made the special order, but that it will merely stand
i on the calendar for consideration to-morrow.
! Mr. JOHNSON. I have no objection to that.
