864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 25,
The further consideration of the bill was then
postponed untii to-morrow.
ATLANTIC AND GULF RAILROAD.
Mr. YULEE, agreeably to notice, asked and ob-
tained leave to bring in a bill to grant to the Atlan-
tic and Gulf Railroad Company the right of way
through the public lands of the United States;
which was read a first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
Mr. BUTLER moved that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of Executive business.
Mr. BADGER. I hope the Senator will with-
draw that motion, for the present at least. This is
the day that has been set apart for private bills.
Mr. BUTLER. Three o'clock has arrived, and
there are some important matters to be considered
in Executive session.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I would ask the Senator to
allow me to make a motion.
Mr. BUTLER. Certainly.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I desire to offer a substitute
for the bill making "compensation for the trans-
portation of troops, for a limited time, and sup-
plies across the Isthmus of Panama," in order
that it may be printed, that it may be in readiness
to be considered when that bill is taken up for con-
sideration. The substitute contains important re-
strictions.
The motion to print'was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER. I now renew my motion to
go into Executive session.
Mr. BADGER. It was my purpose to ask the
Senate to take up a bill which was before the Sen-
ate at the last session, and which I think ought to
be disposed of in some way. The bill to winch I
allude is the bill for the relief of David Myerle.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Presiding Offi-
cer will observe that the first business in order is
the bill mentioned by the Senator from North Car-
olina. This day has been set apart exclusively
for the consideration of private business. In the
opinion of the Chair, therefore, that resolution
would not be complied with by postponing such
business for the purpose of going into Executive
session.
Mr. BUTLER. In the decision of the Chair I
of course acquiesce; but I understand the resolu-
tion to have been complied with when we have
devoted the usual length of time for one day's sit-
ting to the consideration of business specified m
it. If there is any hesitation, however, I will
withdraw the motion.
Mr. METCALFE. I would be glad, sir, if the
Senate would indulge me so far as to take up a bill
for the relief of A. C. Bryan and others. It will
not occupy many minutes, I think. It is to make
compensation for horses that were taken by the
Mexicans from Major Gaines, Major Borland, and
others. The bill has passed the oiher House, and
I apprehend that it will not occupy many minutes
of the time of the Senate.
Mr. BADGER. The bill which I moved to take
up is the bill for the relief of David Myerle.
PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the first busi-
ness in order. The Senator from Kentucky moves
to postpone that bill in order to take up the bill he
has named.
Mr. BRADBURY. Is the question on the mo-
tion of the Senator from North Carolina?
PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is now
on the motion of the Senator from Kentucky to
postpone the prior orders, and to take up a par-
ticular bill.
Mr. BRADBURY. I hope that we will proceed
with the business as it stands upon the calendar, !
as Senators are advised that that is the order in 1
which the business ought to be proceeded with, !
and are probably prepared to proceed to act upon ,
the bills as they stand. ]
The question being taken upon the motion of :
the Senator from Kentucky, it was not agreed to. ■
CLAIM OF DAVID MYERLE. ;
PRESIDING OFFICER. The first subject for
the consideration of the Senate is an act for the ,
relief of David Myerle. It has been reported from :
the committee without amendment, and is now be- .
fore the Senate as in Committee of the Whole, and
open to amendment.
Mr. ATCHISON. I trust that this bill will be '
passed over. It is a bill in which my colleague
feels an interest, and I desire that he should be ;
present when it is considered. I know he has ;
opposed the bill for the last four or five sessions,
and I know that he has many reasons to assign
why the bill should not pass.
Mr. BADGER. I hope the bill will not be
passed over for anything of the kind. have
one day in the week set apart for the considera-
tion of private bills, and this bill has been before
the Senate for a long period. The session is draw-
ing rapidly to a close, and if this bill be not soon
acted upon we may not have an opportunity of
acting upon it at all. It has been a special order
for about six months past.
Mr. ATCHISON. 1 move that the bill be post-
poned until to-morrow.
Mr. BRIGHT. I should dislike very much to
press action upon this bill, if I thought anything
could be said in addition to what has already been
urged in opposition to the bill by the Senator fiom
Missouri. 1 apprehend that the matter is fully un-
derstood by every Senator. It comes up now in its
regular order, and if passed over, the presumption
j is that it will not regain its position, and that we
shall not again reach the subject. It is a case that
has much merit, and I hope the Senator from North
Carolina will persevere in his motion to proceed
with its consideration now.
The question being put on the motion to post-
pone the bill, a division was called for. No quorum
voting—
Mr. BADGER moved an adjournment.
PRESIDING OFFICER. The question will
be repeated, if the Senator from North Carolina de-
sires it.
Mr. BADGER. I will withdraw the motion for
adjournment.
iVIr. ATCHISON. I renew that motion.
The question being put on the motion to ad-
journ, it was not agieed to. i
The question upon the postponement of the bill •
was again put, and upon a division there were
ayes 9, noes 21—no quorum voting.
Mr. BADGER asked for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, were as fol-
I lows:
I YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Atherton, Borland, Bradbury,
i Dix, Felch, Metcalte, Sturgeon, Turney, Underwood, and
; Upham—10.
I NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Berrien,
I Breese, Bright, Clarke, Corwui, Davis of Massachusetts,
! Da} ton, Dickinson, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Downs, Fitz-
patrick, Foote, Houston. Johnson of Maryland, Johnson of
Louisiana, Jones, King, Mason, Miller, Niles, Pearce,Rusk,
Spruance, Walkei, VVe tcott, and Yulee—31.
The pending question was stated to be the
amendment proposed by tiie Senator from Ken-
tucky, to add a proviso to the bill, (which has
been heretofore published, and which is explained
by what follows.)
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Since this bill, sir, was
up for consideration, the members of this body
have changed to some extent. There are now
four Seriatois here who were not at that time
members of this body. I feel it to be my duty,
therefore, to explain to them the nature of the bill,
and also of the amendment; and I will endeavor to
do this with as much brevity as possible.
Mr. Myerle made a contract with the Govern-
ment to supply the Navy Department with water-
rotted hemp. The Government was to pay Myerle
for this water-rotted hemp, I think, three hundred
dollars per ton. After Myerle had made this con-
tract with the Government he went to Kentucky
and formed an association with two gentlemen
of the name of Cornwell and Montmoulin, who
were capitalists. It appears from the papers in
the case that Myerle had no money. He entered
into this arrangement, therefore, by which these
gentlemen were to furnish the money necessary
to procure the material and to carry on the process
of preparing it for the use of the Government.
The vouchers are here, showing that Montmoulin
and Cornwell advanced to Myerlie, in order to
carry on his contract, something like thirty thou-
sand dollars.
Messrs. Montmoulin & Cornwell stipulated with
Myerle to this effect: We will not advance this
money unless you give us a lien upon the hemp,
and allow us to receive from the Government the
money that is to be paid for the hemp, out of
which we may indemnify ourselves for our ad-
vances. This will appear on the face of the con-
tract between the parties. After this agreement
was'made, there was something like two ship-loads
of this hemp, according to the testimony in the case,
sent round to Boston. When the hemp arrived at
Boston, it was rejected by the Government. They
refused to receive it, and consequently refused to
pay for it._ They condemned it, and upon that
condemnation it was thrown upon the hands of
Montmoulin & Cornwell, who, under the contract
had a right to the possession of it, who had a right
to deliver it to the Government and to receive from
the Government the amount to be paid for it.
Upon the condemnation of the hemp, it was left
upon their hands, and they having advanced their
money in the expectation that out of the proceeds
of the sale of the hemp to the Government they
would be repaid, the hemp being condemned,
instead of getting three hundred dollars a ton
they had to sell it to be used as common hemp
in the manufacture of bale-rope. They had to
make the best disposition they could of it. It did
not, then, by any means indemnify them for
the advance they had made. Under these cir-
cumstances, Mr. Myerle presented his petition
to the Government, stating, in substance, that
from his experiments in water-rotting hemp, he had
been of great service to the Government, by show-
ing what could be done in pieparing an article of
that sort for consumption in the country, and for
the supply of the navy; and he asked to be allowed
twenty thousand dollars, inasmuch as the hemp
that had been furnished had been perhaps improp-
erly rejected, and in consideration of the benefit
bestowed upon the Government by his aforesaid
experiments, by way of compensating him for
these experiments, and for the failure to take the
hemp. And there is certainly some evidence to
show that the Government ought to have received
it, and ought to have paid him for it. In this state
of the case, Montmoulin & Cornwell come for-
ward and say now to Congress, Myerle is hope-
lessly insolvent; he has never paid us for these
• great advances which we made to enable him to
make these experiments and prepare this hemp for
the Government. If Myerle obtain the twenty
thousand dollars from the Government, there is no
guarantee whatever that we shall ever receive
one cent of the money, and therefore we pray you
so to amend the bill as to allow us to receive such
portion of the money as will compensate us for
making these advances.
The amendment under consideration proposes
to allow to Montmoulin & Cornwell a portion of
this money, by way of indemnifying them for the
advances they have made, and not to allow it to
pass into the hands of Myerle, who is admitted on
all hands to be hopelessly insolvent, whereby they
may lose the whole amount which they advanced
to him. The amendment contains two provisions:
the first section of the amendment states, that if
Myerle wishes to obtain the whole of the money,
and if he will give bond and security to pay it over
in the discharge of the debts which he owes for
the hemp and for the money advanced for him, by
giving bonds of this sort to indemnify his creditors
for the materials furnished and the money ad-
vanced, he may receive the whole amount from
the treasury forthwith. But it was objected, when
the bill was up before, that Myerle, in consequence
of his insolvency, could not give a bond of this
description, and that we were asking an insolvent
man to do an act which he was incapable of per-
forming; and it seemed to me to be a hard case to
require of a man admitted to be insolvent, to give a
bond of that sort to pay this money, when it might
be impossible for him to do it. Seeing that to be the
effect, I added to the amendment another section,
stating that if he does not give such bond within a
short time—three months, I think—the Secretary
of the Treasury shall be allowed to advertise, and
allow to the claimants who furnished the money
by means of which the operation was carried on,
and those who have claims against Myerle for ad-
vances made to enable him to carry on his opera-
tions, to come forward and file their bills, and to
suspend the payment until the litigation upon
these bills should be determined. Thus you see,
that according to the amendment, in the first place,
if Myerle wishes to handle the whole twenty
thousand dollars, he can do so by giving bond and
1 security. If he is incapable of doing that, then
the Secretary of the Treasury is to be allowed to
withhold the money for a limited time, in order to
see whether the claimants would file their bills
within that time. If they failed to do so, the
whole amount was to be handed over to Myerle.
Now, when this amendment of mine was first
presented to the Senate, we were told that there
