1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
365
was no precedent of this kind; that there was no
case in which the Government had taken this
course. I silenced that objection by hunting out
some half dozen cases, and reading those cases to
the Senate, to show that there were precedents. I
showed that in the case of Harriss and others, in
relation to a fortification upon the Gulf, this very
principle was adopted that the Government would
not allow the contractors to handle the money, but
made provision for the payment for the materials
furnished, and for the work done. I also brought
forward other cases to show that the course which
I proposed was not without the sanction of legis-
lation in this country, and 1 hope no objection
will be made to that course being adopted in this
case.
Now, it is perfectly manifest that if Senators
will look at the report, and examine the documents
showing the insolvency of Myerle, they will have
reason to believe that, if he obtains this money,
Montmoulin and Cornwell can never get one cent
of it by any process of law, by any suit that can
be entered; and, on a former occasion, I showed
conclusively that Montmoulin and Cornwell could
not, by filing a bill, enjoin the Government from
the payment of this money over to Myerle. It was
suggested that they might file their bill, make the
Government a party, and restrain the Government
from paying the money over to Myerle. I brought
forward authorities to show that the thing could
not be done. You cannot sue the Government;
you cannot make the Government a party to a suit;
nor can you tie the hands of the Government and
prevent the payment of money.
Mr. DICKINSON. Will my friend answer
me this question: whether the Government would
not decline to pay over the money when an injunc-
tion had been obtained?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I believe this objection
came from my friend over the way on a former
occasion, and that he went into an elaborate dis-
cussion of it. I produced all the evidence in re-
gard to the state of the law on the subject. It is
this, sir: the Government has occasionally, as
stated by the late Attorney General for the Dis-
trict, regarded injunctions against individuals, but
merely as a matter of courtesy. They have some-
times, when a bill has been filed, on the filing of
the bill, refused to settle with or pay the party
until the bill was disposed of; but the courts have
expressly decided that it is a mere matter of cour-
tesy, and does not carry with it any legal obliga-
tion. And if gentlemen will consider for a mo-
ment, they will see that this doctrine, which has
been suggested, cannot be sustained. Suppose
that A makes a contract with the Post Office De-
partment to carry the mail. The performance of
that service may depend upon the punctuality
with which he receives his pay from the Govern-
ment. Can B come m and say, I will enjoin the
Government from paying to A the money due
upon his contract? This illustrates the whole sub-
fect from beginning to end; and if you can, in the
case I have put, enjoin a debt due to a Government
contractor, you may do so in every other case;
and in this way the whole operations of the Gov-
ernment may be restrained by injunctions upon
individuals.
But this is not the only objection, sir. The ob-
jection is to the unconstitutionality of proceedings
of this sort; that is, by proceeding against the
Government, to tie the hands of the Government.
"Where is the authority by which an individual
can sue the Government and tie its hands? There
is no such authority. No such case can be shown.
It cannot be contended, then, that the Government
can be restrained from paying over this twenty
thousand dollars to Myerle. Sir, a thing of this
kind cannot be done. It would be a violation of
the law to make the attempt. I produced the au-
thority—I know it was only Kentucky authority
—of the case where an act of the Kentucky Legis-
lature was passed allowing to Roger Divine so
much money, and an attempt was made to inter-
pose an injunction and prevent the payment of the
money, and it was decided by the Supreme Court
of that State that it could not be done. You have
no constitutional provision on the subject, and
therefore it cannot be done in the case of money
to be paid by the General Government. And so
far as the reason of the case is concerned, it does
not admit of the shadow of a doubt. The thing
cannot be done. You must, then, interpose a pro-
vision such as is contained in the amendment that
I have offered to this bill. Otherwise, if you pay
the twenty thousand dollars, it goes into the hands
of an insolvent man, and the very persons who
have advanced the money go unpaid. This will
be the result, unless you adopt this amendment.
Now, Mr, President, the last speech which we
have heard in the Senate upon this subject came
from the Senator from Georgia who sits near me;
and the way in which, he attempted to evade the
propriety, the morality, and justice of the amend-
ment which I proposed, if I understood that speech,
was this: He denied that Montmoulin and Corn-
well were entitled to any part of this money under
any circumstances, but contended that the money
was to be allowed to Myerle, m consequence of
the services which Myerle had rendered to the
Government, in the experiments which he had
made in water-rotting hemp, and by these exper-
iments giving valuable information to the Govern-
ment. Now, according to this argument, as you
are to pay Myerle for the information which he
has thus bestowed upon the country, and dissem-
inated by his experiments through the hemp-
growing States, you disconnected by such pay-
ment the right and lien which Montmoulin and
Cornwell had upon the hemp for the money
advanced, and by this disconnection you made it
proper that the money should go exclusively to
Myerle, and cut off Montmoulin and Cornwell
from receiving it.
Now, a word or two by way of obviating this
argument. Here is a contract expressing, by the
very terms of the contract itself, that these gentle-
men should hold the hemp, should deliver it to the
Government, and receive from the Government
the money that was to be paid for it. Here is a
lien upon the hemp by express contract. Now, if
you pay damages, if you take this to be an express
contract on the part of the Government, and it you
pay damages for violating the contract, it will be
upon the ground that this hemp was of the char-
acter it should be, and that you improperly failed
to receive a good article. If you pay the money,
in consequence of avowing the contract in this
way, in the light of damages, then by the express
terms of the contract it seems to me that Mont-
moulin and Cornwell are entitled to receive the
money.
Mr. President, I repudiate the other ground
upon which the Senator from Georgia places the
payment of this money. If gentlemen will take
the trouble to examine the whole of this report,
and the proceedings in this case from beginning to
end, I am totally mistaken if they can put their
finger upon one solitary sentence, from the begin-
ning to the end of the whole report and proceedings,
that shows where one particle of valuable inform-
ation on the subject of water-rotting hemp has
been given to the country by Mr. Myerle through
his experiments. Now, 1 call upon gentlemen who
advocate the payment of this claim upon that
ground, to turn to the report and read if they
please, to the Senate of the United States, any-
thing which shows that we have received informa-
tion upon this subject to the value of twenty thou-
sand dollars, the amount proposed to be paid to
this individual. If you put this claim upon the
ground that this man made hemp of such a quality
that the Government should have received it, and
paid three hundred dollars per ton for it, accoidmg
to the contract, and that they improperly rejected
the hemp, I can see the foundation upon which
the claim rests. You have violated your contract
with him, and all that he now asks is, that you
should pay him the amount which he lost by that
violation. You contracted to give him three hun-
dred dollars per ton for his hemp,and when he had
got it ready for market you rejected it, and this re-
jection caused it to fall in price from three hundred
dollars to one hundred and twenty dollars per ton,
and thus he lost one hundred and eighty dollars
per ton on these two ship-loads; and it is the pay-
ment of this loss which he now claims, and which
this bill proposes to pay. If you place the claim
upon that ground, every man can see the grounds
upon which you act; but if you place it upon the
ground taken by the Senator from Georgia, as I
understood him m his argument, namely, that the
money ought to be paid lor the valuable informa-
tion which this man rendered to the country by en-
lightening the Government and people upon the
subject of water-rotting hemp through his experi-
ments, then I call for the reading of that part of the
report which shows the nature of this valuable in-
formation for which we are to pay twenty thousand
dollars. ' '
Sir, we of Kentucky, who have been familiar
with this business of water-rotting hemp, and the
gentlemen from Missouri, who I presume are also
somewhat familiar with this subject, know that
the process of water-rotting hemp had been exam-
ined, looked into, and thoroughly studied long be-
fore Mr. Myerle ever made this contract with the
Government. We know that in Russia, from '
which we obtain the great bulk of our hemp, the
whole process of water-rotting hemp has long been
well understood. I do not know that we have ever
made any improvements upon the Russian process,
even since these very valuable experiments of Mr.
Myerle, for which it is proposed to pay twenty
thousand dollars on account of their great utility.
If Mr. Myerle has made any valuable discoveries
upon this subject—for which he ought to obtain a
patent right—let him show them to the-Senate be-
fore we pay him this claim upon that ground. I
know of no such discoveries or information, and
therefore cannot recognize this claim upon such
ground. If there beany obligation for the Gov-
ernment to pay this claim, it mu3t arise from their
refusal to pay him three hundred dollars per ton
for his hemp, according to the contract, and thus
reducing the price to one hundred and twenty dol-
lars per ton. By this violation of the contract they
deprived him of one hundred and eighty dollars
per ton upon the hemp that was £ent to Boston,
and which, had it been paid, would have passed,
by the express provisions of the contract, into the
hands of Montmoulin <fc Cornwell. And shall.you,
by your legislation now, when Montmoulin &
Cornwell have furnished all the capital by which
this money has been earned, take every dollar of
it from them, and pass it into the hands of on
insolvent, who will whistle when he gets it, and
never pay them a cent, because they have fallen
out since the contract was made? That, sir, will
be the effect of your legislation, if this bill be
passed without the amendment I have proposed.
Again: these papers show that executions were
obtained against this man Myerle shortly after he
commenced his operations in Kentucky; and that
this very hemp, a portion of which was paid for by
the money of Montmoulin & Cornwell, was seized
by the officers of the law and sold to pay his indi-
vidual debts. Here is the evidence in these papers
to sustain all this. It was presented to the Senate
on a former occasion, and can be produced again
if desired. In this way, unless my amendment
prevails, you will take the money of Montmoulin
& Cornwell to make experiments, which you say
are very beneficial to the country at large—although
it has not been shown wherein they are beneficial—
deprive them of a lien, which, by contract, they
obtained on the hemp, and give the money to an
insolvent, from whom they can never hope to ob-
tain one cen|. Can the Senate of the United States
do this? It remains to be seen whether they can
or not.
There is one thing more to which I will call the
attention of the Senate. There are blanks left in
this amendment. Why did I leave those blanks?
I will tell you why I left them, and then the whole
subject may be disposed of. When I first moved
to amend the bill, it was said that this man Myerle
had been here, waiting upon Congress for many
years, trying to get this claim acknowledged and
paid. It was also said that he had spent a great
deal of money and time in making out his case
before the committee. I have, therefore, m con-
sideration of these things, (in which I spe a great
deal of justice and reason,) said, in the amend-
ment, that  dollars shall be paid over to Mr.
Myerle. I left the amount to be determined by the
Senate. They may fill the blank with " two thou-
sand," or, if that is not enough, "four thousand/'
or, if that is still too little, " six thousand." The
Senate may give Mr. Myeile whatever they may
think proper m consideration of the expense he
has incurred in coming hither so many times, and
waiting so long upon the committee for the pur-
pose of making out his claim. I do not intend to
be particular as to the amount; I am willing to be
liberal towards him. You may say two, three,
four, or live thousand dollars. If you say five
thousand—and 1 think that sum would amply re-
munerate Mr. Myerle for all the expenses he has
incurred—it would leave fifteen thousand which he
could not touch until he gave bond and security to
pay his creditors; or, if he did not give bond and
