1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
to be organised and a navy to construct—to create;
and during the period referred to in Jefferson's 1
administration the country was threatened with
foreign wars. Wars were raging everywhere, and
the whole world was rocking ana tumbling.
He considered one of the items of this expendi-
ture. The country was having Indian wars every
few years, which were very expensive. But how
came it to pass, that Great Britain, on the north of
us, with more Indians than we have upon their fron-
tier, expended nothing for Indian wars? He knew
not that they had had any disturbance on account
of the Indians since 1815. Why was it, their, that
we were continually having these wars, whilst our
northern neighbors, who weie never remarkable
for their peaceable temper, had none? He con-
tended, that if one-half of the sum which was now
expended by the Government in these Indian wars,
were expended in keeping them quiet, instead of
driving them out of the country, it would operate
•as an immense savins; to the treasury.
The war with Mexico furnished a good reason
in support of the policy for which he contended.
The history of that war showed that our people,
taken from the plough and submitted to drill, soon
made good soldiers, adequate for any service,
whatever. Whenever their country called them,
ri«*ht or wrong, they were ready, and they became
good soldiers, ready for service within sixty days'
after they were mustered in. Then why should
we go on with' this useless system? Why not
rather reduce this vast expenditure for the naval
and military service, so that the country may be
enabled to appropriate more money, ami engage
on a more liberal scale in the new fields of com-
mercial enterprise now opening before us? He
hoped the Government would stop recruiting for
the army, except for volunteer service; and other-
wise reduce the expenses of the military and naval
establishments.
The Prestdent had told us that the present In-
dian war in Oregon was created by injustice on our
part; and it would have cost but a small part of
the expenses now to be incurred on account of this
war, to have effectually provided against it before
it was be^un. And besides, if we had no army,
we should not get into these wars at all, except at
a few exposed points. Our people would not be
so ready to encroach upon the Indians; they would
not act with the same impunity that they now do,
if we had no army to back them. He moved to
strike out th« section.
The question was then taken, and the motion to
strike out was rejected.
The following item being under consideration:
For three months' extia pay to non-commissioned officers,
musicians, and privates, on legulUuneui, ten thousand
dollars.
Mr. SAWYER moved to amend it, by adding
the following:
To pay mileage to paymasters' clerks, at the rate of ten
cenK a mile, tor travel performed in the discharge of their
official duties during the late wai with Mexico, five thousand
dollars.
The CHAIRMAN ruled that the amendment
was not in order. The bill provided for the sup-
port of the army for the year ending Juno, 1850.
The amendment seemed to contemplate payment
for past services.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved the following proviso;
Provided, Tlint the same cxtia pay shall be given lo the
regiment of Texas volunteers called out by Colonel Curtis
as to other regiments legally called into tUe seivice.
The amendment, for the same reason as that
assigned with reference to the amendment of Mr.
Sawyer, was ruled out of order.
Mr. GREELEY offered the following amend-
ment:
Provided, That no mileage shall be allowed or paid trom
the trea-ury of the United States, or from any fund thence
appropriated, to anv military officer or other person what-
soever, tor any conductive journey, or foi any journey
whatever not actually made b\ him at the time and for the
purpo-e designated in the account upon which such allow-
ance and pajmeiit shall he made.
Mr. G. said he hoped there would be no objec-
tion to this amendment. It related merely to con-
structive mileage.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GREELEY offered the following amend-
ment.
Prowled, aho, That in every ea«e of allowance and pay-
merit ot mileage mirier this Government to military officers
or Juiycnher per-uns whatsoevertile dUuwice tiaveied t-liull
be computed upon the shortest mail roule beKveen the
points traveled Irani and to, respectively; and ail aets and
paits ot acts inconsistent with tins proviso ate hereby re-
pealed. -
Mr. GREELEY said, while we were making
appropriations for the mileage of military officers,
he thought it a proper time to propose some gen-
eral plan for charging mileage by all the function-
aries-of the Government entitled to that allowance;
and his plan was that it be estimated, in all cases,
upon the nearest post route. This was just and
equal. If officers and gentlemen preferred to travel
the circuitous route, because it might be more
ple,asant or more convenient, he would not there-
by entail any additional expense upon the Govern-
ment. It was by the shortest route that men usually
traveled. The shortest mail route from New Or-
leans was 1,172 miles, while the Congress mileage
distance was 2,357 miles; and this distance, by the
nearest post route, at 10 cents a mile, (lie believed
that was the rate allowed,) would give $117 for
travelling expenses, whether the officer take the
shortest route, or the longer and more convenient.
Further, for illustration, he said the estimated
distance from this city to the town of Freeport,
Illinois, (the place of the gentleman who assailed
him so very freely the other day in connection
with this subject,) as derived from the files of
the Post Office, was 830 miles—two miles less
than he had stated in the article complained of.
By the usual post route, the distance was 1,091'
miles, which would give §109 for traveling. But
the distance to the same place by the usual post
route, in the summer season, was 1,'469, whiah
was 610 miles less than the distance charged by
the gentleman from Illinois; and there was another
summer route round by New York and Lake Erie,
which would give a much higher charge for mile-
age. The circuitous routes were often very con-
venient and pleasant, and preferred for travel. He
stated this diversity of routes to show the unfair-
ness of charging mileage for the greatest distance.
He would make the rate of charge uniform, and he
knew of no other plan upon which that could be
done, except upon the air-line or the nearest post
route, as he now proposed.
He added, that the distance to the residence of
the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,] by
the nearest post route, was 1,053 miles; by the
usual post route it was 1,407 miles; whilst, by the
Congressional route, it was 2,330 miles; and he
asked, in view of this fact, whether there ought
.not to be established some uniform rate of chatge
in this matter? The nearest route to the resilience
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sawyer,] was
508 miles, whilst the usual post route was 591
miles, and the mileage route 850 miles. He men-
tioned these facis to show the justice and necessity
of establishing some general standard upon which
all mileage should be computed. The system he
proposed was not intended to apply to one class
of functionaries merely, but to every officer of the
Government entitled to mileage. He proposed
the shortest post route, and hoped the committee
would adopt it.
Mr. VINTON inquired whether any part of the
amendment could be in order, except that which
respects the mileage of military officers?
The CHAIRMAN replied, Clearly not. He did
not consider that portion of the amendment which
refers to the mileage of other officers of the Gov-
ernment to be in order.
Mr. GREELEY said, he supposed, if such a
proposition had been applied to the general appro-
priation bill, it would have embraced the mileage
of military officers 
The CHAIRMAN said the question was not
debatable.
Mr. WENTWORTH called for a division.
The CHAIRMAN decided that all such parts
of the amendment as did not relate to mileage m
resnect to the army, was out of order.
Mr. GREELEY appealed from the decision;
and the question being taken, the decision of the
Chair was sustained.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, on apro forma amend-
ment, desired to inquire of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. .Greeley,] whether the present
law did not require army officers to charge by the
usual mail route. Such he (Mr. H.) understood
to be the law. He knew that our officers were
not allowed to charge at the rate at which mem-
bers of Congress chargcd. If the law waa as he
understood it, the amendment of the gentleman
was unnecessary.
Mr. McKAY said there was no law upon the
subject; but there was a regulation made by the
Executive in pursuance of law.
Mr. McK. read the regulation. - It authorizes
the officers to be paid by the shortest mail't-Quftf*
Mr. HALL. Therefoffe, the amendment if uai.
necessary. " '
Mr. WENTWORTH said the effect of th«
amendment would be to increase the mileage.
hoped the gentleman from New York [Mr. Gree-
ley] lMderstoad his own proposition.
Mr, GREELEY. My amendment is 'by ttl«
shortest mail route.
Mr. WENTWORTH asked that the amend-
ment might be read, in order that it might be com-
pared with the regulation which the gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. McKay] had read.
The amendment waa again read; and, the ques-
tion having been then taken thereon,-it was re-
jected.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the committes
then rose and reported the bill and amendment to
the House.
Mr. VINTON" demanded the previous question;
which was seconded.
And the main question (being first on the amend-
ment of Mr. Greeley, in relation to constructive
mileage) was ordered to be now taken.
Mr. GREELEY asked for the yeas and nays?
which were refused.
Mr. G- asked for tellers; which were also re-
fused.
And the question being taken, the amendment
was rejected.
And then the bill, having been ordered to a third
reading at this tune, was read, and, under the op-
eration of the previous question, was passed. „
. Mr. VINTON moved a reconsideiation of the
vote; and, on his motion, the motion to reconsider
was laid on the table.
Mr. EMBREE, by leave, presented a joint res-
olution of the General Assembly of the State of
Indiana, in relation to the transmission through
the United States mail, free of postage, of all news'
papers ordered for distribution, and all public doc-
uments printed by authority of the States; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ROBINSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, made a report.
And then the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, ami referred :
By Mr. CRANSTON: The petition of Wm. H. Masher
Iir.el otlieis, of tSiKtol, Rhode Inland, playing for a uniform
rate of two cents postage on letters,
By Mr. ROCKW'ElX, ot Massachusetts : The petition of
17 citizens of Chesterfield, Massachusetts, prajkis for the
reduction of tlie r.ites ot postage, tile abolition oftiie frank-
in1* privilege, Stc.
By Mr. TUCK: The petition of Jonathan Wood and 85
others, mostly mechanics of the city of Manchester, New
Ha ip>hire, pravwigCongress to pas> Jaws securing Uie pub-
lic lands to the free use of actual «eitlor«. Also, the petition
of H. L. ("owes and 74 others, ladies of Portsmouth, New
praving Congress to pieveut the excision of
slavery, to'withdraw the countenance of the Government
fiotn the slave trade, and to suppress slavery where Con-
cress has the constitutional power to do >o. >
By Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware: Sundry memorials
fiom the citizen* of the Slate of Delaware, requesting Con-
gress to reduce the present rates of postage.
By iMr. PALFREY: The petition of Rebecca Seward and
156 other*, of GiiiUoiJ, Connecticut, piaym? Congress 10
pi event the extension oMaveiy, to witUihawthe protection
of Government froin the Am'-ucan s-lave trade, ami to sup-
press slavery wherevi r Couares* lus competent junsdjction.
B\ Mr. TURNER: The petition of Z W Harding and a
jrreat many others-, prawng for a mail route fiom Beloit to
Shutlsimnr, Wisconsin. Also, the petition of Wm. Cox
and manv other-=, pi.nmaj for the. same toute. Al.v>, a state-
ment fiom J. W. Kilhion m relation to a post route from
Roek Gtove, Illinois, to Monroe, Wisconsin. Also, the
petition of J. W. Uaviibon and many others, pravfng com-
pensation for holies lost in Captain Staff'* company of
moniited men. « j j
R\ Mr. HUNT: The petitioYi of Charles Iff. Seed am
others, for an appropriation to construct a Iight-Uouse, &c.",
at the entrance of Niagara river.
IN" SENATE.
Friday, Joawry 26, 1S49.
Mr ATHERTON presented a resolution passed
bv the Legislature of the State of New Hampshire,
approving tiie vote of their Representatives m Con-
ffress at the present session upon thesu 'ject of the
slave trade in the Bistnct of Columbia, and re-
questing tSicir concurrence in all such just and
constitutional legislation as may be necessity to
prevent all traffic in slaves tlierein; which, on mo-
tion of Mr. Atherton, was read and ordered to
be printed.
