372
THE CONGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 26,
Also, from the Legislature of the same State, in
favor of prohibiting'slavery in New Mexico and
California, and m all otfrer territory now or here-
after to be acquired by the United States; which,
on motion of Mr. Atherton, was read and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. ATHERTON. I wish also to say that I
have received resolutions of the Legislatui^of the
State of New Hampshire on the subject of the
Mexican war, the extension of our territories, and
some other incidental topics; but, as the resolutions
centain no request that they be presented here; as
they contain no directions that they should be sent
to the Senators and Representatives of the State of
New Hampshire in Congress; as they contain no
instructions to their Senators or Representatives m
Congress, and no request that they vote in any
particular manner upon any of these subjects; as
they contain no approbation or disapprobation of
their votes upon any of these subjects, I suppose
they do not come within the practice of the feenate
in relation to the presentation of resolutions. I
Jmve instituted an inquiry on the subject, in con-
sequence of a suggestion which was made at the
last session when I presented certain resolutions,
and I am informed that it is not the practice to pre-
sent general resolutions upon general subjects,
unless they contain some instruction or request
that they be laid before this body, or approbation
of the votes of Senators. I merely state this that
I may set myself right with my constituents in
regard to this matter.
Mr. RUSK presented a memorial of the mem-
bers of the bar at Galveston, in the State of Texas,
asking an increase of the salary of the district
judge; which was laid on the table.
' Mr. SEBASTIAN presented a resolution from
the Legislature of Arkansas in favor of .gran tins;
an additional salt spring, with six sections^ofland,
in lieu of one unconfirmed *, which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BREESE presented a petitionjfrom citizens
of Illinois, asking a grant of land to the State, to
aid in the construction of a railroad from the Upper
and Lower Mississippi to Chicago; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. STURGEON presented a petition from citi-
zens of Chester county, Pennsylvania, praying for
a modification of the tariff; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BUTLER presented a petition from citizens
of Edgefield District, South Carolina, praying the
establishment of a poet office at the residence of
J. F. Smyly, in that district; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. NILES presented petitions from the citi-
zens of Winchester, Connecticut, and of Wind-
ham, Vermont, praying for a reduction of the rates
cf postage; which were laid on the table. J
Mr. BALDWIN presented a petition from sev- j
eral inhabitants of Middletown, Connecticut, pray- j
ing the adoption of measures to prevent the further
extension of American slavery, and for the sup-
pression of the slave trade in the territories under
the jurisdiction of Congress.
Mr.TURNEY raised the question of reception,
and moved that it be laid on the table.
Mr. BALDWIN asked for the yeas and nays,
but the call was not sustained.
The motion to receive was then laid on the table.
Mr. D1X presented a petition from Abraham L.
Knickeibocker, praying compensation for injuries
received at the United States arsenal at Watervliet;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HOUSTON presented a petition from Rob-
ert Rhea, a revolutionary soldier, praying for a
pension; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. DIX presented a petition from the Nautical
Institution and Ship-owners'Society ofNew York,
praying that facilities may be granted to Lieuten-
ant Maury, of the United States navy, for the com-
pletion of his Wind and Current Charts; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, the
papers in the case of Joseph Vidal were withdrawn
from the files of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. BELL, the papers in the case
of John Stealy were withdrawn from the files of
the Senate. ;
On motion of Mr. STURGEON, the papers in
the case of James Harley were withdrawn from
the files of the Senate.
EIGHT OF WAT TO THE ATLANTIC AND GULF
RAILROAD.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported, without amendment, a bill to
grant to the Atlantic and Gulf Railroad Company
a right of way through the public lands of the
United States; when *
Mr. YULEE asked for the immediate consider-
ation of this bill; which was agreed to. .
The hill was then considered, and explained by
Mr. BREESE, and was then ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time. It was then read
a third time, and passsd.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported the bill to establish an additional
land office in Iowa, with amendments.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Mili-
tarv Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Cin-
On motion of Mr. METCALFE, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of this bill, as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. METCALFE. Mf. President, the three
individual claimants in this bill are three very old
men; not one of them, I am confident, is less than
sixty years of age. One of them enlisted as a fifer,
the other two as privates; they are all poor and
deserving men. Great encouragements of reward
were held out to them when they enlisted. One
of them had a son, who went with him and died
in Mexico. These soldiers were discharged on
account of the feelings of respect and esteem that
the officers had towards them. They were excel-
lent men, and brave and chivalrous soldiers. One
i had been in service during the war with Great
ii Britain. He was engaged m the service during
jj almost the entire period of that war, and was called
! by the familiar name of " Old Black Hawk," for
'' his noted valor while engaged in the battles fought
 T.-wiicn The occa-.
out amendment.
Mr. FITZPATRICK, from the Committee on
Claims, reported the bill for the relief of David
Shepherd, without amendment.
Mr. BALD WIN, from the Committeeon Claims,
"made an adverse report on the petition of Asa An-
drews; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BRADBURY, from the Committee on
Claims, made an adverse report on the petition of
E. F. Gilbert; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, reported a bill for the relief of limothy
Cavan: which was read a first time.
Mr. CORWIN. I hope that this bill will be
considered by the Senate as one which ought to be
acted upon immediately. The committee have
unanimously reported in favor of giving to this
old soldier an invalid pension, commencing as far
back as 1834. He has come here from Ohio to
attend to his claim in person, and is in destitute
circumstances. It seems that he made application
for his pension as early as 1835; but, in conse-
 inf/tfrYiolttir in thf* fpstimnnv tha
VV1W1    - ~ ,
sion of their discharge was an apprehension on
the part of the officers commanding them that they
■ would fall victims to disease and the hardships 6f
| the service before the war was over. Just before ■
j the peace, when every one was confident that there
! was no further fighting to be done, they were hon-
i orably discharged and sent home. Inasmuch as
I the law provides for all cases where soldiers are
| discharged from sickness or from wounds of any
| deseripripn, I trust that this case may be allowed
1 to come'under the operation of the law. It is
! imagined that no one can object to the allowance
! pf the same quantity of land to these men that is
! granted to those soldiers who served up to the close
of the war. The law as it stands at present makes
i no provision for such cases. If I am understood
correctly, I hope there will be no opposition to the
' passage of this bill.
' No amendment being offered, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate, and was ordered to be en-
i grossed for a third reading.
Mr.NILES. The bill involves a somewhat im-
portant principle; and, if passed, may be used as a
t T   ] ^ * - —! A A-v u A VO YY1 _
quen£ oTsome Xma'lity. in the test,mony°tha"t jj precedent. In order to give time for further exam.
tViA npnsmn oonld not be granted !' ination of the subject, I move that the furthet con-
Iw^h^ department. H is papers remained in the | sideration of theVll be postponed until to-mor-
Pension Office for some time, and he was at length '
« A * . 1 .1  -   „ HtaAnAW
jrcnsHm VUIVAJ ivi wiu<.  c -
informed that they were not in proper form, and,
consequenly could not be acted on. He is not one
The bill was postponed accordingly.
Mr. BRADBURY, from the Committee on
consequenly could not i>e acteu on. n« i  noi • Mr. BRttUDL...,   - -   
who is able to look very closely after such things, l! claims, reported a bill for the investigation of
although a most respectable man, as I understand j;. claims against the United States; which was read,
from those who are well acquainted with his char- j| and ordered to a second reading.
" ' ' ' '   BILL ON LEAVE.
Mr. JONES, pursuant to notice, asked and ob-
tained leave to introduce a bill to lay off a town at
Trader's Point, on the Missouri river, m the
State of Iowa, and for other purposes; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to fctoe
Committee on Public Lands.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. NILES submitted the following resolution;
which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That thfe Postmaster General be directed tft
communicate to the Senate the particulars of the posuu
arrangement made with Bremen for the reception and at -
tribution of mails from the United States; the rcd^cl'°"
postage, if anv, in Bremen and other neighboring s'ate-
letters- from this country j and the services performed by tne
po«t office at Bremen in relation to our mails; anil hiss opin-
ion of the effects of such arrani «meiH on the Hiterconrffi
and commercial inteicsts of the UnitedStates in connection
with the mail line to Bremen.
OFFICERS OF THE SENATE.
Mr. KING. In consequence of the enormous
expenses pf the contingent fund of the Senate*
which are evident to any one who is acquaintea
with their amou-nt, I offer the following resolution,
for the purpose of enabling us to appoint, our-
.i 1    
iroill lliu&c wuu a it. ...v..
acter and reputation in the neighborhood where 1
he resides. He is now about forty-five years of ,
age, and has been an invalid ever since the time of
his discharge, in consequence of an injury which
he received while in the service on the Canadian
frontier. Unless this bill shall be passed now, he
will be reduced to beggary. I hope, therefore, as
the committee were unanimous in recommending
the bill, the Senate will find no difficulty in pass-
ing it.
Mr. KING. I would inquire of the chairman
of the Committee on Pensions, why this case was
not disposed of under the general operation of the
invalid pension law? There is a law providing for
such claims,and I do not perceive that it is requisite
for action on our part to place him on the regular
pension list.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana. As the Senator
from Ohio has stated, this case is a peculiar, and
at the same time a very deserving one. This old
soldier has produced all the evidence he could to
establish his claim, yet, owing to a deficiency in
witnesses, the regulation?of the department have
not been strictly complied with; it is necessary,
therefore, that we should act upon it. This old
 1 1Q3Z f™- Q npneinn
therefore, that we should act upon it. This old i tor tne purpose or enaming us - f
veteran made his application in 1835 for a pension, P selves, all the officers necessary to thedisch g
as appears from records at the Pension Office; but 'j the business of the Senate, fixing the rate °
the testimony not being entirely satisfactory, he |! pensation, and reducing, if necessary, tne.
was not then placed on the pension roll. It is a i employed,and the amountof compensate
well-founded and just claim, and the committee ! to them, so that, if possible, the great am .
have been unanimous in reporting its allowance. j the expenses of the contingent fund may
Mr. KING. I am perfectly satisfied. _ | ished. Control the
The bill was then considered as in Committee of , ™««he A .nstrm;t ^
the "Whole, and no amendment being ottered, it - , , her of ol.i-
UIO VV JiUltlj ftliU LlVJ CALJ**- D "
was reported to the Senate* was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, and was subsequently
read a third time and passed. ■;
Mr. METCALFE, from the Committee on ll
Military Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of;
William R. Campbell, George Myers, and John jj
Kincart; -which was read a first time. il
Contingent Expenses ot tne  enate ne '"""'V .11,15.
into the expediency of regalsitiisfr by law the minibei' d
cer=, clerk*, messengers, and other PBrso"s„K/,^,t'"Por the
in the service of the Senate, either in the C p.
public grounds, and to fix the compensation each  na"
ceive.
The resolution was agreed to.
CREDENTIALS. .
Mr. UNDERWOOD presented the credentials
