1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of Thomas Metcalfe, elected a Senator of the
United States to fill the vacancy occasioned by the
resignation of Mr. Crittenden, until the 4th of
March next; which were read.
JUDICIAL DISTRICT IN TEXAS*-
On motion of Mr. RUSK, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to the considera-
tion of the bill to establish an additional district
«ourt of the United States in the State of Texas.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, I will detain the
Senate but a few moments. I wish merely to sub-
mit a few facts why this bill should pass, and I
apprehend the bill will meet with no opposition
from any quarter.
The State of Texas, as everybody knows, came
into the Union in a different manner from any other j
State in the Confederacy. Texas had remained in
a separate state of existence for some ten years
before her annexation to the Confederacy, and the
result of that was, that many cases where jurisdic-
tion attached to theUnited States courts originated,
* or at least there was no jurisdiction to take cogni-
zance of them. Upoji the admission of Texas into
the Union, the jurisdiction of the United States
attached, and ail these cases were immediately
brought before their courts. There was also a
great deal of trading in land titles between citizens
■of the United States and citizens of Texas, and a
much larger amount of jurisdiction attached to that
-court than to any other State in the Union. The
result of this brings about precisely this state of
things: that those suits now brought and pending
there.are likely to continue some eight or ten years,
or four or five years at least. And if the popula-
* tion should continue to increase with the rapidity
with which it has heretofore, these cases will fill
up the court in such a manner that it will have to
«it from the beginning to the end of the year, and
even then not dispose of the business. These de-
lays are ruinous to both parties, defendants and
plaintiffs.
There is another reason why it is necessary that
this bill should pass: that is, that the population
of Texas is scattered over such a large extent of
territory, that it is enormously expensive to all
parties who may have cases at this court to attend j
upon its sittings. From the northeastern to the j
southwestern portion of the State—and both sec- i
tions are filling up rapidly—the distance is up- j
wards of seven hundred miles; so that it is almost
impossible for persons living at the extreme points I
to attend to their causes in a proper manner; and
in no case can they do so except at gieat expense
and inconvenience. We have also a large extent
of seacoast, and this gives a large amount of mari-
time jurisdiction. Under these circumstances, it is"
a matter of impossibility for the judge to discharge
the duties of his office. He cannot possibly deter-
mine all the cases presented for his decision.
It wjll be perceived, I think, by all, that many
■cases must therefore lie over from year to year,
and that, in consequence of the vast expense attend-
ant upon the d-eferring of these cases, on account
of the parties residing at such a great distance from
the place where the court is held, this delaying of
justice from year to year will, in very many in-
stances, amount to a denial of it.
In consideration of these facts, I hope there will
be no objection made to the immediate passage of
the bill. It is brought forward as a matter of ab-
solute necessity. There is no desire for office or
anything of that kind in connection with it.
in relation to this matter, I would submit a
memorial from the members of the Galveston bar,
which I will ask may be read.
Several Senators. No, no; it is not necessary.
Mr. RUSK. Very well, then; I will withdraw
the memorial.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I am very well
satisfied that the Judiciary Committee may be held
responsible for this bill, but I believe that none of
us who are now present have any recollection of
its details. I am sure that I was not present at the
committee at the time the bill'was framed. Whether
the other members of the committee now present
had anything to do with the framing of the bill, I
cannot say; and whether they are willing to an-
swer for it or not, I cannot say. I see that the
bill was reported at the last session by my lamented
friend, Mr. Ashley, and it may be all right. All
that I have to say is, that I do not wish to be held
responsible for the bill; yet, notwithstanding, I
may give it my sanetion when the vote is taken
upon its passage.
Mr. DAYTON". Mr. President, I would much
prefer, without intimating any wish to oppose this
bill ultimately, that the Senator from Texas would
consent that it should lie over until to-morrow or
Monday. It might be better to refer the bill to the
committee again, bat probably it would be more
agreeable to the Senator from Texas to allow it to
remain on the calendar.
It so happens, that in consequence of this bill
having been acted upon at an early period of the
last session, none of the members of the Judiciary
Committee have any recollection at all of its de-
tails. It established a judicial district, and what
is embraced within that district we do not know.
It provides for the appointment of a judge, and, as
incident to that, the other officers I suppose neces*
sary, in connection with a district judge. It is
certainly desirable, therefore, that the matter should
be looked into with a little more care than we will
be able to bestow upon it if the bill be pressed to
its passage now.
- Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, I have no objec-
tion to postpone further action upon the bill, if it
can be made the special order for Monday next.
It is a matter of great importance. The attend-
ance upon the court, as matters now are, is enor-
mously expensive, both for plaintiffs and defend-
ants. I must insist, therefore, upon having the
Senate act in relation to this matter as soon as
possible.
I would move, Mr. President, that the bill as
amended be printed for the use of the Senate.
This motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAYTON, f would ask the Senator from
Texas if he has any objection to making the bill
the special order of the dav for Tuesday next?
Mr. RUSK. None at all.
Mr. DAYTON. I would move, then, Mr. Presi-
dent, that the further consideration of the bill be
postponed until Tuesday next, and that it be made
the special order for that day.
This motion was agreed to.
FRIGATE PHILADELPHIA.
Mr. YULEE. Mr. President, the bill for the
relief of the captors of the frigate Philadelphia was
postponed the other day in order to give the Sen-
ator from Alabama [Mr. King] an opportunity to
examine some points in connection with it, in
order to satisfy himself in relation to its merits. I
presume that the gentleman has been able by this
time to give the subject such examination as has
enabled him to arrive at satisfactory conclusions
in relation to the merits of the bill. I would ask
the Senate, therefore, to take up the bill for con-
sideration now.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland. Mr. President,
I would prefer that the gentleman from Florida
should not call up that bill for consideration at this
time. It is a bill which will lead to a great deal of
discussion, and if it comes up to-day, we shall not
be able to transact any] other business. I have un-
derstood from the chairman of the Committee on
Finance that he wishes the Senate to proceed to the
consideration of the Indian appropriation bill at
the latter part of the day, but if the bill referred to
by the Senator from Florida be called up now, it
will consume the whole day, to the exclusion of all
other business. 1 hope, therefore, that he will
consent to defer the consideration of the bill to
some other time.
Mr. YULEE then withdrew his motion.
LIABILITY OF THE GENERAL GOVERNMENT
FOR THE DEBTS OF TEXAS.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, the
Senate proceeded to the consideration of the bill
for the relief of Frederick Dawson, James Schott,
and Elisha Dana Whitney.
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. President, as I said the
other day, I will not trouble the Senate with any
extended argument upon this subject, nor would
I trouble the Senate at all were it not that I regard
this proposition as an entering wedge to the as-
sumption by the United States of the debts of the
State of Texas.
This bill itself contemplates an expenditure or
an appropriation of something between half a mil-
lion and a million of dollars. Behind this bill is
another claim, founded upon a different species of
securities issued by the State ofTexas, which have
been called to our attention by a memorial which,
I believe, is now pending in oneor the other House,
upon a claim of Mr. Coombs, of Kentucky. This
bill, in my judgment, involves the question whether
we are responsible for the whole of the -debts of
that State, or, if a distinction can be made, how far
we are responsible? . • .
Sir, it will be recollected by those who partici-
pated in the deliberations of this body a\ the time
of the annexation of Texas to this Confederacy,
that the opinion was expressed at that time, iri
some quarters, that the result of that annexation
woulcy>e to cast upon the United States all the
debts of that republic. Sir, I never entertained that
opinion, but it was entertained by lawyers of the
highest standing in this body, and I conceive it to
be my duty now to call the attention of the Senate
to a measure which is evidently intended as an
experiment upon this great question.
The ground upon which our responsibility, or
rather oUr supposed responsibility, for the debts
of Texas was then placed, was the ground to
which I alluded in the course of my remarks the
other day, viz: that this Government succeeding
the Government of Texas, or, to express myself
differently, that the republic ofTexas having been
absorbed by the United States, all the debts of
that republic would, of course, fall upon us, their
successors. In relation to this point, I submitted
the other day my views in a very concise rnanner,
and I will now submit them again in as brief a
form as possible. My views are, that the princi-
ple upon which the opinions rested that we should
becom-e responsible for the debts of the republic
ofTexas, by reason of her annexation to theUni-
ted States, was applicable only to a case where
tfre sovereignty of a debtor State was extinguished. -
I then remarked, that the annexation of Texas
was nothing more than bringing into this republic
a new member, with all the powers of a sovereign
State, except so far as that sovereignty was lim-
ited by the restrictions of the Constitution of the
United States. I regarded Texas as still compe-
tent to contract debts, as still competent to provide
a revenue, and as still retaining to herself the .
means and sources of revenue necessary to  dis-
charge her liabilities, with the single exception of
a revenue from imposts. I said that the restric-
tions upon her sovereignty, with respect to treaties
with foreign Powers, had no bearing upon this
subject; that the States exercising this"power pre-
vious to their admission into the Union, had been
4eft in the full enjoyment of their sovereignty in
this particular, (the contracting of debts, providing
a revenue, &c.,) from the formation of the Con-
stitution until the present day. I also remarked
on that occasion, that Vermont came into the
Union as gn independent Stale, having asserted
her independence, and maintained it, in fact, for
some twenty years previous to her admission.
This was all that I thought it necessary to say
upon this point.
The honorable Senator from Maryland, [Mr.
Johnson,] however, in the remarks upon this sub-
ject which he submitted to the Senate at the last
session, put this liability of the United States for
the payment of these debts of Texas upon another
ground, viz: that Texas had pledged her revenue
as security for their payment; and, consequently,
a lien was created upon her income; and that, in-
asmuch as by her annexation to this country her
revenues have been, to a certain extent, trans-
fened to the United States, the United States have
obtained from Texas what she had pledged in pay-
ment of these debts, and have of course taken it,
subject to the claims for which it was pledged.
I' was proceeding to remark the other day, when
I yielded the floor, that, in my judgment, this trans-
action bears no sort of analogy to a legal pledge.
The principles applicable to an ordinary legal
pledge are not, in my humble opinion, at all ap-
plicable to the present case. I proceeded to remark
then, and I repeat now, that the principles appli-
cable to legal pledges can apply nowhere except
where there is a subject-matter to which the prin-
ciple can apply, and upon which the lien can at-
tach. It must be such a subject as is susceptible
of possession. It is a well-established rule in re-
lation to a legal pledge, that possession is indispens-
able to its validity. It is an established rule that
a voluntary surrender of the possession of the
pledge is a surrender of the hen also. Well, sir,
the next inquiry is, if this be a legal pledge, what
is the subject-matter to which the iien can attach ?
Is it susceptible of possession ? Is it susceptible of
delivery ? Does it admit of the application'of any
legal rules of this character to it? Why, sir, when
I come to look upon the security given by that re-
