1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
jg%m
W&
no hostile foot, either of the Mexican or any other
nation, hail been treading on her soil for years;
when, on the assumption that that independence
was as fixed a result as that of the United States
themselves, the United States thought proper to
take Texas into this Union, ill the articles' of this
annexation this very navy became the property of
the United States, a portion of it at least, and the . _
authority with which Texas was vested before, as '! about to be pledged
a sovereignty, to levy duties, divested and became I1 take. Mr. President,
exclusively vested in the United States. These
vessels went to sea in our service, or a portion of
them, and the rest were sold, and the proceeds
have gone into our treasury.
Another fact is to be recollected. The treaty
which was negotiated through the instrumentality
of the honorable Senator from South Carolina,
who was then at the head of the State Department,
provided that a certain amount of money should be
paid to Texas, and out of that amount some three
or four hundred thousand dollars should be paid
to these claimants in part. The fate of that treaty
we all know. And the manner and history of the
resolutions, under which Texas was subsequently
annexed, we all know. And we also know that,
if the United States had not insisted upon receiv-
ing Texas into the Union under one of the reso-
lutions which were adopted, and had resorted to
the other alternative, that of negotiation, looking
to violated honor to her creditors, she would have
resorted to some other means of payment of her
creditors generally, and these in particular. The
difficulty thus made to press upon her by being
called into the Union without provision for th£
payment of her creditors, was brought to the at-
tention of the Executive department of the Gov-
ernment of the United States; and, as we all know,
the Secretary of State carried on a correspondence
with our agent in Texas, in -which correspondence
terms were employed which could not be misap-
prehended, because incapable of being misunder-
stood; and, for the very purpose of inducing Texas
to come in under the alternative that was finally
adopted, the Secretary stated, almost in so many
words, that it would be a reflection  pon the Uni-
ted States to suppose that, in some way or other,
these debts would not, sooner or later, be paid.
She came in. Now, sir, the honorable Senator
from Vermont tells us—and he will pardon me for
saying that 1 was a little surpris'ed at that, although
not so much surprised as at one or two other state-
ments that he made—that the true ground on which
the United States are placed in respect to these
debts is, that she, as a Government, is not bound
to provide for their payment, because these debts
were contracted by Texas, while an independent
State. ._ , .
A word or two in respect to that, lhe nrst is
because Texas is supposed by the committee not
to possess the authority which she did possess at
the time these debts were contracted. And he an-
swers th.e committee by saying that she is a sover-
eign State now. Why, itis true in one sense. She
is a sovereign now, but not the sovereign that she
was when these debts were contracted. Shelby
coming into this Union, has stripped herself of that
very attribute of sovereignty, upon the faith and
honest exercise of which we agree to enter into
this contract. What is that? The attribute of lay-
irfg imposts. And, looking to the condition of the
country at that time, I am sure I cannot be contra-
dicted when 1 say, that if she had thought proper
to adhere to her independence, and to stand out
among the nations of the world as a nation of hci-
gelf, for all purposes, by this time she would have
been in the receipt of revenues ampl^ sufficient to
have paid the entire interest of this debt. Iwbrought
to the attention of the Senate heretofore the statis-
tics which prove this, as I thought to a demonstra-
tion. And it was from a conviction which these
contractors entertained that this debt would be paid,
and speedily paid, out of this particular attribute
of the sovereignty of Texas, that they entered into
this contract. She is in one sense a sovereign, as
the honorable Senator says—a sovereign, but not
the sovereign she was. She is a crippled sovereign,
with reference to the powers which she originally
possessed; just as much crippled and weakened as
the United States would be if they were to annex
themselves to another Government.
So much for his first answer to the committee.
Now, the other surprised me a little more, because,
.if I understood the Senator aright, he was prepared
to concede that if there 18 to be found in this con-
tract any legal pledge, it would be incumbent on the
United States to pay the debt, unless other reasons
of expediency would be sufficient to restrain them.
But he tells us there is not to be found in this case
a single attribute of a legal pledge. Why not?
Because the thing supposed to be pledged was not
in existence; because, in order to constitute a legal
pledge, there must be the possession of the thing
' ' ' Why, this is a great mis-
I put it to the honorable
Senator from Vermont, if a farmer cannot mort-
gage his crops' for any number of years; if railroad
companies cannot mortgage their receipts for any
period of time? Why, there is not a State wheje
these companies exist, where there are no pledges
of that description. We have them in Maryland.
Our Legislature granted a charter on condition that
the company would agree to pay one-fourth of
all fees for passage to the State. Does anybody
doubt that they are obliged to pay? And then the
State, acting on the unquestioned right, as she sup-
posed, and that that pledge was good and binding
on the company, has from time to time borrowed
for her own wants, and secured the lenders by
pledging as sufficient security to the lender, those
receipts which, from year to year, were expected
to come into the treasury from this source. Is
there any doubt about that? The argument of the ;
honorable Senator from Vermont, if sound, will 1
! show that no contiact can be made binding on the
tion." Now, in the Srgt place, Mrs President,you
have no right to change thecontract.oe ilieiySHBr
that it would be better for the creditor. -If he has
relied on another spesies of security) you have ftp
right to take it from him without his consent avui
substitute.another. At the time this debt wW con-
tracted Texas was in a state of war, the result of
which nobody could foresee; and yet the honor-
able Senator would have us believe that sit t}i£
periocf of annexation she was in the same ^ta'tq.
What was her condition at the time of annexaiioit?
The struggle was over, terminated in part by the
use of this very navy; and when the struggle was
over and independence was fixed on a fiim basis,
and Texas stood out among the nations independ-
ent, with every attribute of unquestioned' sover-
eignty, and with a growing prosperity, and having
power to pay this debt, then it was that we tooK
her into the United States, and deprived" her of
this, perhaps the only means, of cancelling it.
The honorable Senator says that it is like assu-
ming State d^bts; that it involves the United States
in a liability to pay all the debts of Texas. It'ls
not so. What debts were these? They wey£
debts contracted, not by one of the United
as a State, but before she became a State, and
which the United States have stripped her of tjij
means of paying. Debts contracted by one of
the United States, as a State, cannot be paid out
of the treasury of the United States; but Texas,
oil v W Uiui nu t/UiHuvvi ^11 * o jl ^ , « «■ i v
parties contracting in reference to any subject ofby giving up her sovereignty as a nation, and by
' , ~  * .  I _ 1 1.   (Ultt oc-Q Sfotfi hae fhft
property thereafter to come into existence. I am
sure that the honorable Senator will see that this
proposition cannot be maintained.
Mr. PHELPS. It is good, as between the
parties.
Mr. JOHNSON. Now, I understand the hon-
orable Senator as conceding that such a contract,
as between the parties, would bo a valid pledge.
"VVcl!> t!lat is a11 that 1 w«nt- Tlien the question
is, whether the United States, by a contract between
themselves and the mortgager, taking into their
own possession, and for their own use, the thing
pledged, without the consent of the mortgagee, are
not bound to pay the amount thus secured ? Let
me illustrate by the case already supposed. A
man pledges his growing crop, and my friend from
| Vermont, with the knowledge that the crop has
| been pledged, himself, by making a contract with
' the mortgager, gets possession of the crop the
moment it is grown: would not he be liable in
law ?
Mr. PHELPS. Suppose a man borrows mo-
re/, pledging his growing crops, and then disposes
of'his farm: would the purchaser be held liable
for the repayment of the money borrowed upon
such pledge?
Mr. JOHNSON. I should say that he would
be bound, unquestionably, if it were the crop of
that farm.
The honorable Senator from Vermont concedes
that, as between Texas and her creditors, if there
could be any legal means of enforcing payment,
it is still out of her power to do it. We are there-
fore bound to believe, that but for the interposition
of the United States, Texas, as an independent
nation, might have had the ability to redeem the
pledge, and must have had the honesty to redeem
it, or be a reproach among her sister nations of the
world. Now, says the honorable Senator, that
may all be true; but there is nothing to prevent
Texas from changing her financial system which
she had at the time "that she made the contract.
I admit that. But if she substituted a better one,
or one that she thinks is better, or if she belieyed
that she could accomplish it better by abandoning
the impost system altogether, and honestly carries
it out, and redeems her faith by paying her cred-
! itors out of this new system of taxation, that is
i enough. But that is not the case. It is not
i changing a financial system, but a surrendering
j up of the power of finance—a giving up the very
i attribute on which the faith of the creditors were
supposed to rely, and without which they never
would have been involved m ruin; which, in point
of fact, has been the result, by relying on the faith
of this contract, because the United States has
thought proper, without their consent, to swallow
Texas, if I may use an expression that lias been
made almost classical by being used by a late Sen-
ator on this floor.
The honorable Senator says, "it is not at all clear
that the ability of Texas to meet these claims is not
greater nQW than it was antecedent to her annexa-
being merged in this Union as~a State, has lost the
means which she possessed, at the time the debt
was contracted, for its payment. Well, I put it
to the honorable Senator whether, if one of th.e
States of tliisUnion, owing ten millions of dollarj,
could be broughtback into a territorial condition,
divested of State sovereignty, deprived of ajl
means of raising a revenue, if it would not bp
very clear that in such a case the United States
would be bound to pay the debt? And yet this is
the case here; not in fact, but in principle. And
why bound ? Because you have taken away the
means with which only she can pay; because Vou
have appropriated these means to yourself. You
have assumed the government and the manage-
ment of those very means on which she relied for
payment, and, therefore, you have taken avyay
the means to pay all debts outstanding at the time
the change was made.
Another word. My friend from Vermont says
" the public lands are all there, and the right of
taxation is"all there, and that is abundantly suffi-
cient to pay the debts." Now, we know the fact
is not so. The public lands are there, it is true;
but what are they worth to these creditors ? They
may be worth ten times the amount of all the debts
due them. But worth this how? Worth it,oniy
in prospect. Hereafter they may become a rich
mine of wealth; but now they are comparatively
valueless.
Here, then, are these creditors, who honestly
entered into contract, and were promised, on the
expiration of the bonds, their payment, and prom-
ised the interest at every annual return of the in-
terest day. But the United States have taken
away the means of making the payment, either of
principal or interest. And we are told that we must
look to the lands for payment some hundred years
hence. Is it right? Would it have been right for
Texas herself to have passed an act pledging jn
payment of a contract the internal and external
revenues existing at the time the contract was
made, and then to take awoy this source of reve-
nue, and look to the proceeds from the sale of
public lands alone? Everybody would have gsid
that, had she done this, it would iiaye been a vio-
lation of good faith. This is a legal claim, in tXe
most enlarged acceptation of the term, whic.h thp
honor of the country demands should be paid, in
order to preserve its character untarnished. Such
I consider the nature of this claim..
I Mr. NILES moved to amend the bill by inserting
1 a clause that interest shall not be allowed upon the
i claim. . , .
I The question being taken upon the amendment,
! it was not agreed to.
I Mr. BALDWIN. The Senator from PJiode
| Island [Mr. Clarke] having expressed himself to
I me the other day as desiring to make some re-
i marks on this bill, and he not now being in his
: seat, I move that the further consideration of the
j bill be informally postponed.
I Mr. FOOTE. I am desirous of voting for this
