376
THE -CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 26,
bill, yet there are some serious difficulties existing
in my mind yet to be overcome before I can do so.
I am exceedingly anxious to have time to investi-
gate the matter n\ore fully than I have yet been
able to do, and I desire also to be heard very briefly
upon the subject. Not being fully prepared, as I
have stated, or able, physically, to enter into an
examination of the question' to-day, I trust that
•the motion to postpone the further consideration of
$e bill tmtil to-morrow will prevail.
The motion to postpone prevailed.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. ATHERTON. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of the Indian ap-
propriation bill.
Mr. DOWNS. As we have not had an Exec-
utive session for some time, and as there is some
pressing business requiring speedy action, I move
that the Senate now go into Executive session.
Mr. ATHERTON. We can proceed with the
consideration of the Indian appropriation bill and
have an Executive session afterwards. The con-
sideratign of this bill has been delayed for more
than a week, and to-day, at the special request of j
the Senators from Vermont and Maryland, I re- j
Trained from calling it up the first thing. I hope
that this bill will be taken up, so as to give an
opportunity for the offering of amendments—as
I understand there are several very important ones
to be proposed—and of ascertaining their particular
importance and merits.
Mr. HANNEGAN. It is well known to every
Senator here thaHhere has been absolute, or to
say the least a strong necessity for the holding
of an Executive session the whole week past.
We have as yet been unable to have one; and if
my motion will supersede that of the Senator from
New Hampshire—reluctant as I am to make it—
I must move that the Senate now proceed to the
consideration of Executive business.
PRESIDING OFFICER. The question now
before the Senate is the motion of the Senator from
New Hampshire to proceed to the consideration of
the Indian appropriation bill.
The question being then taken upon the motion
of Mr. Atherton, it was decided in the'negative.
ADJOURNING OVER.
Mr. HANNEGAN. I now move that the Sen-
ate, when it adjourns, adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. BREESE. I hope the Senate will not agree
to that motion. We have a very large calendar of
bills that have been"reported upon—upwards of
three hundred on it—that require our consideration
as soon as possible. We need all the time that we
can give during the week for the transaction of the i
business of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. HANNEGAN, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness; and, after some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, Januanj 26, 1849.
The Journal of yesterday wasread and approved.
Mr. R.OCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the private calendar. Pending which—
The SPEAKER laid before the House commu-
nications, as follows, viz:
I. A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting, in compliance with the twentieth
section of the act of 26th of August, 1842, state-
. ments showing the expenditures from the contin-
gent fund of the Treasury Department and of the
several bureaus of the said department during the
year ending 30th September, 1848; which letter
and statement were laid upon the table, and ordered
to be printed.
II. A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting a statement of the names of the clerks
and other persons employed in the Treasury De-
partment,and the compensation paid to eaehduring
the past year, in compliance with the eleventh sec>
tion of the act of August 26, 1842; which letter
and statement were laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. LORD asked leave to offer the following
resolution: Q
licsoiW, That tile President be requested to communicate
to this House any information now in possession of either
of the departments of this Government in relation to the
various processes; used in £;o!d or silver mines in Russia or
elsewhere, m testing and extracting the metals.
The resolution being objected to, was not re-
ceived.
The Hpuse proceeded to the consideration of the
bill entitled "An act for the relief of Charles Wil-
son, and the amendments of the Senate thereto."
The amendment was read as follows:
In line 7 strike out the word "ten" and insert
" sixteen."
The question was put, and the amendment was
agreed to.
Ordered, That the Clerk acquaint the Senate
therewith.
Mr. JOSEPH R. INGERSOLL, from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, reported the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary, to whom
was referrt-d the memorial and accompanying papers of
I Anson complaining of The official conduct of Alfred
Conkling, district judge for the northern district of New j
York, be authorized to send for persons and papers. ^
Mr. INGERSOLL stated that a memorial had :
been presented to the House and referred to the '
Committee on the Judiciary, containing charges of ■
a grave character against a high judicial officer, i
It was equally due to the Judge and to the com- ;
munity at large, that a preliminary inquiry be j
made at the earliest possible day. Judge Conkling i
himself, no doubt, desired it as much as the party j
who presented the charges, or as much as the Con- :
gress of the United States, who were interested in I
the due and pure administration of justice. |
Mr. CONGERinquired whether Judge Conkling j
had been informed of these charges against him? j
Mr. INGERSOLL replied that the inquiry of :
the gentleman from New York was a perfectly just !
and reasonable one. He would reply that he had j
deemed it his duty immediately upon the reference 1
of the petition to the Committee on the Judiciary,
to give distinct and unequivocal information of
the fact to Judge Conkling. He had received the
Judge's reply, which had been laid before the
Committee on the Judiciary, and to him and to the
country it was due that this preliminary step should
be taken. Upon looking at the precedents, he
found that this was the course which had been
taken in similar cases. It was possible that an
impeachment might grow out of this transaction;
he did not know whether it was matter of proba-
bility or of doubtful uncertainty. Before taking a
measure so grave as that, it had been usual for the
committee who had jurisdiction of cases of this
kind, to look into them as fully as could be done
by a preliminary inquiry, and that could only be
done by sending for persons and papers. It was
with a view, therefore, to a preliminary inquiry,
alike for the benefit of the party charged with
grievance and the country at large, who were
equally interested in having him relieved from the
charges—if relieved he ought to be—that this res-
olution was reported from the committee.
Mr. ASHMUN said, as a member of the com-
mittee to whom this memorial had been referred,
and from whom the resolution had been reported,
he wished to say that no inference ought to, be
drawn by this House, by the judicial officer against
whom the charges were made, or by anybody,
that the committee had formed an opinion adverse
to the high judicial character who was the subject
of the charge. A charge had been made by a citi-
zen of New York, who was said to be a respecta-
ble man, involving the official character of Judge
Conkling. That charge was sustained by the oath
of the memorialist, and the committee had deemed
it due, not merely to the person who made these
charges, not merely to the people at large, but to
Judge Conkling himself, that they should have the
means of getting at the truth in relation to this
matter, and that could only be done by the resolu-
tion. R was due to Judge Conkling to say, that he
promptly met the charge by an indignant denial.
He (Mr. A.) desired it to go forth to the country,
that at the same time that they adopted this reso-
lution, the committee and the House did not, intend
to adopt any opinion adverse to Judge Conkling.
Mr. CONGER said he did not know that he
should oppose this resolution; indeed, he was in-
duced to think he could not do so, inasmuch (as
had been remarked by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts) as it was due alike to Judge Conkling and
the high office he held, that an investigation should
be had. But, before he voted for the resolution,
he desired that the correspondence which had
taken-place between the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, the individual who made these charges, and
Judge Conkling, should be read.
He disliked to interpose an objection to the pas-
sage of this resolution, nevertheless he should be
compelled to do so until he could have the oppor-
tunity of seeing the correspondence. He supposed
that it would present a general view of the case
and that it was brief, and he would like to have
the opportunity to read it, as it would take him but
a moment to satisfy himself in relation to some
matters which he supposed were therein con-
tained. He hoped the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania would allow^ this matter to be passed over
for a short time till he could have the opportunity
of examining the correspondence.
Mr. INGERSOLL said, when the papers were
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, he had
deemed it his duty, with the sanction of his fellow-
members of the committee who were present, to
make a communication to Judge Conkling, which
he did in brief, setting forth the charges which had
been made, referring generally to their character,
and saying that copies would be furnished, and
that anybody who desired to examine them might
see them freely. That gentleman wrote him an
answer, in which he referred to an honorable gen-
tleman, a member of this House, [Mr. Duer,] and
to the gentleman who had just now spoken, saying
at the same time with reference to the latter gentle-
man, that he had no personal acquaintance what-
ever with him. He (Mr. I.) had placed the papers
in the hands of the first named gentleman some
days ago, who had returned them to him yesterday,
when the committee had met and instructed him to
report this resolution.- He concurred entirely in
the propriety of the suggestion made by the gen-
tleman, that the papers should be read, and here
they were offered for the purpose.
After some conversation, by general consent the
! resolution was informally laid over until -to-mor-
j row morning.
On motion of Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut,
the House then resolved itself into Committee of
the "Whole on the private calendar, (Mr. Brod-
head in the chair.)
This being what is generally known as objection
day, all bills to which an objection was made were
laid aside, and no debate on any bill was in order.
The committee proceeded to take up the bills on
the calendar
The first subject called was an adverse report
upon the petition of Jonathan Tipton; when—
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, rose and said that the
petitioner whose case had just been called had, by
an act of Providence, been removed beyond the
reach of any relief that Congress could grant. Mr.
C. was confident that the petitioner was far better
provided for now than he ever would have been by
the Government.
The report was then laid aside.
Bills were then taken up in their order on the
calendar.
Many bills were objected to.
A large number were acted on, and ordered to
be reported to the House—some with and others
without amendment, as will be seen below.
The committee (after having been in session
nearly three hours) rose and reported the follow-
ing bills, with the recommendation that they'do
not pass:
A bill for the relief of Joshua Dodge;
A bill for the relief of Peter Parker, secretary of
legation and Chinese interpreter at Canton, and
Jacob L. Martin, late secretary of legation in
France;
A bill for the relief of Eunice Crossman.
Subsequently, on motion of Mr. BRODHEAD,
the said bills were laid on the table.
The committee also reported:
A bill for the relief of the legal owners of the
ship James Mitchell;
A bill for the relief of John Wilson;
A bill for the relief of Robert Whittel;
Severally with an amendment.
Subsequently, the amendment to each wasagreed
to, and the bills were ordered to be engrossed; and
the bills, being engrossed, were read the third
time and passed, and sent to the Senate for con-
currence.
The committee also reported, without amend-
ment: .
A bill for the relief of A. Baudonin and A. D-
Roberts;'
