378
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 27,
State" bri« porpoise, attached to the Exploring .Expedition,
to allow and credit him in tie extra pay tor scientific duties-,
at t!ie rate of one thousand dollars per annum, and upon the
principle applied to the accounts of Lieutenant W. L. Hud-
son, then commanding the United States sloop Peacock, at-
tached to said expedition.
Mr. ATKINSON moved that the bill and amend-
ment be laid on the table.
Mr. STANTON hoped the gentleman would
waive the motion, to allow him (Mr. S.) to say a
single word.
Mr. ATKINSON adhered to his motion, and
asked the yeas and nays; which were ordered.
Mr. J£1NG, of Georgia, inquired of the Speaker
whether the question was debatable?
The SPEAKER said debate was not in order on
a motion to lay on the table.
Mr. STANTON. I hope it will not be consid-
ered out uf order for«me to say that this amend-
ment makes precisely the same provision which
has been allowed to every other officer of the Ex-
ploring Expedition, and that this officer is the only
one who has been left out, :
Mr. ATKINSON. And permit me to say, that i
I will not vote for extras to any officer of the Gov- j
ernment.
The question, Shall the bill be laid upon the
table? was then taken, and decided in the negative:
Yeas 57, nays 91.
So the bill was not laid upon the table.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, after a few words in
explanation and defence of the bill as amended,
moved the previous question.
Mr. ATKINSON earnestly appealed to the gen-
tleman to withdraw the previous question.
But Mr. KING declined.
The previous question was seconded—ayes 78,
noes 57; and under its operation, the bill was
again passed.
Mr. ATKINSON moved to reconsider the vote.
Me wished opportunity to ferret out the abuses
which were practised m the granting of extra pay.
It was the way to break down the navy.
The SPEAKER stated that the question on the
passage of the bill had once been reconsidered,
and the motion to reconsider was not again in
order.
Mr. ATKINSON, after a word of conversation
in dissent from the Speaker's ruling, moved then
to reconsider the vote on the adoption of the
amendment; but
The SPEAKER decided this motion out of
order.
Mr. ATKINSON thereupon resumed his seat,
remarking that he was very sorry he could not
expose this bill, as it ought to be exposed, to the
American people.
A QUESTION OF PRIVILEGE.
Mr. J. R. iNGERSOLL called up the following
resolution, reported yesterday by him fiom the
Committee on ihe Judiciary:
Rftolrrd, That the CommHtoe on the Judiciary, to whom
wa-- leferied the memorial and accompanying papeis of
Anson Little, complaining of the official conduct ot Alfred
ConkJittK, juriije for the northern distuct of New
Yoik. be authonzed to send for persons and papers.
He said he did not know whether any further
explanation was necessary, in addition to what he
had said yesterday. It was always with regret
that the Judiciary Committee, and especially its
organ upon this occasion, presented to the con-
sideration of this House anything like a charge
(however imperfect it might be in its nature, and
however it might end) of irregularity upon a high
judicial officer. Such was the case here. A charge
having been made and certified by the oath of a
person who was said to be a respectable citizen,
the committee deemed it to he their duty to report
a resolution to provide for a preliminary exam-
ination, to enable them to report whether further
proceedings should be taken, or to express the
opinion that tins judicial officer, high m his char-
acter, wise in his judgment, irreproachable in his
life, as he had hitherto been, should so continue
to stand in the eyes of this whole community. He
had no choice now but to ask that this lesolution
be passed, in order to give to the committee the
necessary power to examine the case, which power
they would not have in the absence of the invest-
ment of authority which this resolution contem-
plated.
Mr. CONGER said it was at his instance that
this resolution had been passed over yesterday. It
was not his design then, nor was it now, to oppose
the passage of this resolution. He had only
desired to have an opportunity—as the case was
for the first time presented to his mind in this
form, and as he was not apprised of the fUets—to
exaniine the petition of the individual Who made
the charge, the letter of the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, and the reply of Judge Conkhng. Being
now informed of the charges, and of the extent to
which they were made—although he might differ
with the Committee on the Judiciary as to the im-
portance of the matter, as to the propriety of their
asking of the House the power to send for persons
and papers—he was, nevertheless, not disposed to
oppose the passage of the resolution; but, on the
contrary, with Judge Conkling, m the letter ad-
dressed by him to the Committee on the Judiciary,
he courted inquiry for hitu. It was due, as he
had yesterday remarked, alike to Judge Qonkling
and to the high situation which he held, that an
investigation should be made. He therefore most
cheerfully assented to the passage of the resolu-
tion, and would go for inquiry, both by the com-
mittee and the House, to the fullest extent.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved the previous question,
which was seconded, and under its operation, the
resoiution was adopted.
Mr. FULTON moved that the vote be recon-
sidered by which the House yesterday passed the
"bill for the relief of Robert Whittet;" which mo-
tion was agreed to.
Mr. FULTON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the said bill was ordered to be engrossed;
which was agreed to.
Mr. FULTON moved that the vote be recon-
sidered by which the House yesterday agreed to
the amendment reported fiom the Committee of
the Whole House'to the said bill; which motion
was agreed to.
The quesiion was then stated on agreeing to the
said amendment reported from the Cummittee of
the Whole House, to wit: strike out the word
I "six" and insert " eight;" so that it would read,
| " at the rate of eight dollars per month."
i And being put, it was not agreed to.
S Mr. FULTON moved to amend the bill by stri-
| king out the words "twenty-fifth day of Septem-
ber, eighteen hundred and fourteen, to the thirty-
\ first day of July, eighteen hundred and forty, at the
l rate of six dollars per month; and from that time,
\ for and during his natural life, at eight dollars per
month, deducting therefrom the amount he has
already received,"and inserting in lieu thereof the
following: "fourth of September, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-seven, at the rate of eight dollars
per month during his natural life;" which was
agreed to.
And the said bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, was
accordingly read a third time and passed.
And the Clerk was ordered to request the con-
currence of the Senate m said bill.
POSTAGE.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, moved that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, to take up the
bill for the reduction of postage.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, inquired
whether the first business in committee would not
be the bill to establish a board to settle private
claims, which was a special order?
The SPEAKER said the Chair was under the
impression that Fridays and Saturdays were ex-
cepted from the operation of the special order.
Mr. ROCKWELL said they were not.
The SPEAKER. Then unquestionably the com-
mittee must proceed with the order of business.
The motion of Mr. Thompson having been
agreed to—
The House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Burt, of
South Carolina, in the chair.)
Mr. THOMPSON moved to take up the postage
bill.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, raised the
point, that the bill relative to private claims was
first in order.
The point having been sustained by the Chair—
BOARD TO SETTLE PRIVATE CLAIMS.
The committee resumed the consideration of the
bill to provide for the settlement of claims against
the United States, at its second section.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, withdrew
the amendment which he had offered on a previ-
ous day.
A verbal amendment of Mr. MEADE to the
section was agreed to.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved an amendment to add
at the end of the second section the following:
Provided, That in all claims presented to the hoard hereby
constituted the claimant fchall pivsrnt a petition io said
board stating ail the grounds on which said claim is founded
which said petition shall be sworn to he true by petitioner-
and in the submission of the evidence the said claimant shall
be confined to the allegations therein contained; but the said
petition may be amended in the discretion of said board
provided said amendment be also sworn to; and any indi-
vidual swearing falsely in any matter authorized by this act
shall be subject to all the pains and penalties of perjury on
conviction bGfore the United States district court having
competent jurisdiction.
He remarked,'that as it seemed to be the inten-
tion of the committee and of the House to pass
the bill, he knew of no more salutary restriction
than that proposed by this amendment. This
board was to have unlimited jurisdiction within
the scope of law and equity, and without it, over
1 all claims which might be made against the Gov-
i ernment of the United States; it seemed reason-
able that the individual should state his claim in
writing, and make affidavit to it. The fear of the
penalties of perjury wouid operate in some de-
gree to prevent unfounded claims being presented
from those who wished to amass wealth at the ex-
pense of the Government, and would make claim-
ants more cautious. He hoped tne friends of the
bill would consent to this lestriction; it was no
more than was required in a court of chancery.
Mr. PETTIT inquired when it would he in
order for him to move his substitute for the bill?
The CHAIRMAN replied, after the bill had
been gone through by sections and perfected. •
After a word or two of conversation between
Mr. PECK and Mr. KAUFMAN—
Mr. PECK moved to amend Mr. Kaufman's
amendment by adding the following:
Provided, also, That such verification by the claimant
shall not be considered by said board as evidence in &up-
poitof the claim.
Mr. Peck's amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. MEADE (on a pro forma amendment to
the amendment) expressed the hope that the
amendment would not be adopted. It would be
unfair to the petitioner; and the provision was
unusual in courts of chancery, to which this board
would be assimilated.
Mr. ROOT (on a pro forma amendment to the
amendment) said he remembered to h&ve read, in
a very old English law book, the saying of the
Parliament of Great Britain, that "they sowed
plentifully of oaths, and reaped bountifully of
perjury." He was opposed to legislation requiring
so frequent oaths, as tending to perjury, and doing
no good; and he hoped the amendment would be
rejected.
*Mr. BOWLIN (pro forma) renewed the amend-
ment. Mr. B. said that the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Meade] had assimilated this to the
practice of a court of chancery. These commis-
sioners proposed to be appointed by this bill were
not chancellors, nor were they to decide the ques-
tions submitted to them upon any known judicial
principles or precedents, but upon their own no-
tions of justice. There was no analogy between
the two cases. Congress, if this bilLpassed, was
about to establish a court to decide upon the loosest
sort of principles—abolishing law, and abolishing
everything else for some vague and indefinite no-
tions of justice. By requiring the oath of the party
we should not otherwise possess, that the party
claimant, we should at least have a guarantee, which
knew he was in court; that if the decision was m
his favor, he might draw the money, and that a
claim could not be run through in utter ignorance
on the part of the claimant. He was decidedly in
favor of the oath, and in any event it could do no
harm.
A brief conversation followed between Messrs.
, BOWLIN, MEADE, and ROOT.
I Mr. MURPHY (pro forma) renewed the amend-
j ment. He trusted that the amendment of the
l gentleman from Texas [Mr. Kaufman] would be
I adopted. It might be, as the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Root] had suggested, that oaths were too
chcap. It might be, as was alleged by some, that
this system of having oaths at all was wrong.
But so long as it was a part of our system ot
jurisprudence to administer oaths, so long as we
acknowledged them of binding efficacy, and the
paws and penalties attached to perjury a$ a pre-
