1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ventive against false swearing and.false claims^, we
ought to adopt them in all proper cases; and this,
it seemed to him, was one of them.
Mr. MEADE rose to a question of order. He
inquired if it was in order for a gentleman to move
an amendment, and then to speak against his own
amendment?
The CHAIR intimated that the gentleman must
confine himself to an explanation of the amend-
ment.
Mr. MURPHY. I am indebted to the gentle-
man. He has had his say. He is unwilling now
that gentlemen on thev other side should have
theirs.
Mr. MEADE. But I spoke in favor of my
amendment.
Mr. MURPHY said, he saw that good was to
result from the amendment before the committee.
The matter was an important one. Congress was
about to establish a tribunal to adjust claims.
They were going to some expense for that pur-
pose; and they did not desire to have a tribunal
overwhelmed with petitions and fraudulent claims;
they must adopt some such precaution as this. la
.the State which he in part represented, in every
suit of every kind, oaths were administered. So
far as his experience went, it had had the effect of
preventing litigation. Let the party himself make
oath, and we should have the double guarantee of
the persona! attendance of the party himself, and
of the pains and penalties of perjury, if he should
present a false claim.
He was in favor of this bill, or of some bill
which would carry out the policy to which it
looked. But he desired that in passing such a law,
Congress should throw every guard around it, to
protect the public and the treasury.
Mr. ATKINSON moved 10 amend the amend-
ment of Mr. Kaufman, by providing that the oath
should be taken in a court of record.
No man (he said) was more-anxious than he was
to provide for every just claim which an individual
might have against the Government. But he was
satisfied that if this bill was to pass without the
amendment of the gentleman from ^Fexas, [Mr.
Kaufman,] it would be better to pass no bill at
all, find to continue to depend upon the loose mode
in which the business had heretofore been done.
He was in favor of the oath. He did not believe
that in this land of Christendom, men were so
depraved as that oaths would have no influence
upon them. He was for guarding not only the
treasury of the United States, but he was also for
guarding individuals who had just claims here
against the scrcws which might be put upon them
by speculators and agents. The citywas thronged
with them at this time. He believed that from twen-
ty to fifty per cent, of the amounts awarded to pri-
vate claimants by this Government went into the
pockets of the agents. He was in favor of making
some provision against this. The bill would not
do it; at any rate it would not do it until all the
guards which the intelligence and the circumspec-
tion of his House could suggest had been thrown
around* it.
A new court was about to be created, into which
any individual could come withoutmoney and with-
out price. Every man could come into it, and if he
•was nonsuiied, he had no costs to pay. Would
Congress, by refusing to adopt this oath, make
the way more easy to fraudulent and fdlse claims?
Although gentlemen saw every day that money
was expended in a manner w hich, if known to the
people, would not be approved by them, yet let
the House, whilst it attempted to do justice to in-
dividuals, do all that it could to guard the rights
of the people of the United States.
Mr. A. withdrew his amendment.
Mr. DICKINSON renewed it.
Mr. D. said that the object which gentlemen
had in view was to put the bill in such a form as
that it should do justice not only to the Govern-
ment but to the claimants. -That was his object,
and he intended to vote for the bill. He thought,
however, that the whole amendment was unneces-
sary. There were two sections which clothed the
commissioners with sufficient powers to obtain ail
the information that was necessary; and he thought
the safest plan would be to leave to them to decide
wbat w-as the best means of obtaining evidence in
the cases before them.
He withdrew the amendment.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Kaufman, which—by ayes 72, noes GO—
was agreed to.
Mr. FRENCH moved the following amend-
ment: Add to second section—
And the decisions of the board, jn all cases where the
principal sum claimed or awarded by the board shall not
exceed five thousand dollars, shall be final.
Mr. F., in explanation, said, that unless some
amount was fixed which, when passed by the
board, should be final, considerable expense would
be incurred without any good being realized. The
amendment would not contravene the right of peti-
tion, becausc, in the last resort, the unsuccessful
party might exercise that right. Whether he could
be relieved or not, was a matter which Congress
was to decide.
Whether the sum of five thousand dollars was
too large to be left to the final decision of the board,
the committee could determine. If it was so, it
could be reduced; but that there should be some
definite sum to the extent of which the decision of
the board should be final, he had no doubt. The
compensation allowed to the commissioners was
such as would command the highest order of talent
and experience which the country could furnish;
and he was of opinion, that if his amendment
should be adopted, two-thirds of all the claims
presented to Congress would be settled—leaving
the larger ones to be decided hy Congress after
they should first have been passed upon by the
board.
He hoped that, in order to give to the bill a
beneficial operatipn, and to relieve Congress of a
great portion of these claims, which consumed so
much of its time, the amendment would be adopted.
Mr. MEADE suggested whether the amend-
ment would not come in more appropriately in
some other clause of the bill, or whether it should
not be offered as a separate and independent sec-
tion.
Mr. FRENCH said he had no particular choice
as to the place. His only dvsire was, that the
amendment should be incorporated somewhere in
the bill. He thought the incongruity suggested by
the gentleman from Virginia was not such as to
make its insertion here exceptionable.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment of Mr. French was rejected.
Mr. DUER moved an amendment, to add at the
end of the section, three sections, as the 3d, 4th,
and 5th, as follows:
Sec. 3. JJnd be it further cnoc'cJ, That it shall he the duty
of the said commissioners to allow claims in the following
cases, and in none other- whatsoever,
1. Where ir shall appear that the claimant, is entitled to
the relief sought, according to the e -tabhsh< d t ulcs of law or
equity, so far as such rul<;> ate applicable to, and ought to
be binding upon, governments.
2. Where, fiom the natme of the facts, the rules of law
and eguuy, as established between individuals, are inappli-
cable, tint where the claimant is entitled t^1 the rehefsought,
m justice anrl sound policy, and according to the general
practice of tin's and other civilized governments.
Sec. 4. Jindheitfurther enacted, That where the claim
established shall be for a sum of money, and shall be of the
character described in the first clause of the last preceding
section, and «h,ilf not exceed the sum or live thousand dol-
lar-, the commissioner-* shall enr^r a judgment that the
claimant is justly entitled to -such sum ; and in such case they
shall report to Congress biiefly the nature of the claim, and
the judgment given, but s«hafl not report the giounds of their
dccition nor the testimony taken, unless expressly required
to do *o : Provided, That nothing herein contained shrill be
construed to piolubit the publication by the eonum--loners,
or hy any other person, of Mich decisions and testimony.
Sfc. 5. x£iid be it fui'ther enacted, That in all othet ea-es
than those specified in the lu-t preceding scction, where the
commissioner ^hall come to <v deiu-ion favorable to a
claim, thev shall Give no judgment, hut shall repoit to
Congress their opinion and rea-ons, together with the testi-
mony taken, and copies of all papers filed.
He briefly stated the several provisions which
he proposed, and some of the reasons (which were
more fully stated by him when the bill was pre-
viously under consideration) which, in his opinion,
recommended the amendment to the favor of the
committee.
Mr, HALL, of Missouri, called for a division of
the question, so as to vote first upon the first pro-
posed section, and the first branch thereof.
The CHAIRMAN stated the question would
be divided accordingly.
Mr. MEADE (on a pro forma amendment) op-
posed the amendment of Mr. Du&r on the ground
that under it a large class of claims which were
now before Congress would not go before the
board. One of the great merits of the plan estab-
lishing the board was, that it would elicit facts and
testimony upon claims presented to them, and
report them to Congress, so arranged that the
members of both Houses could vote unfterstand-
ingly upon them. Under this amendment", how-
ever, a large class of cases would still have tQ 6e
acted upon by Congress, without reference to the
board, and the evil which now existed would con-
tinue, of passing claims, without any knowledge
of their merits, upon the part of the House ff-eae-
erally. *
Mr, ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, (on a pro
forma amendment to the amendment,) opposed the
amendment of Mr. Duer, and repeated the expres-
sion of the opinion heretofore advanced by htm,
that there were a very large class of eases which
did not come within the rules of justice and equity
as applied by an ordinary court of justice, which,
nevertheless should come before this board. As
had been very justly remarked by the gentleman
from Virginia, fie saw no reason why there should
still be devolved upon Congress the entire exami-
nation of such cases as there would be under this
amendment.
Mr. DUER (Mr. Rockwell yieJding) said it
seemed that there should be some rule-—the ques-
tion was, what one? Would the gentleman have
claims for pensions, for grants of land—for any-
thing which men might ask from this Government—
go before this board ? Clearly not, he (Mr. D.)
thought; and he proposed to Ihnit the claims which
should go before it to those founded in law and
equity, or in justice, and which it had been the
practice of this and other civilized governments to
allow.
Mi*. ROCKWELL replied that he would have
claims for pensions brought before the board, and
the facts examined and reported to Congress, in
order to save the time of the two Houses, and en-
able them to act more promptly and more justly
upon the claims presented to them.
The question being taken, the first branch of tha
first proposed section was agreed to.
The question being on the second branch of the
said section, (given above)—
Mr. GREELEY moved to amend the amendment,
by striking out the words " and other civilized."
He stated (m explanation) that he was exceed-
ingly desirous that this bill should pass, and he
wished the amendment, if it were adopted, amend-
ed as he proposed, as the provision as it stood
was so loose as to obviate, in a great degree, the
benefits which might otherwise be expected from
the bill. There were many civilized Governments
which paid pensions for a variety of services which
were not recognized by this Government at all. He
thought that the rule was broad enough that these
claims which it had been the usual practice of this
Government to allow, should alone be preferred to
the board. He thought the adoption of the amend-
ment to the amendment would tend to obviate ob-
jections, and render the bill more acceptable, even
to its opposers.
The amendment of Mr. GREELEY to the
amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MURPHY moved to amend the pending
branch of the amendment by striking out the
words "according to the general practice of thi s
Government."
He said he was in favor of the principle of this
bill, but he knew of no other sound principle by
which they could legislate than to proceed on the
basis of waiving our nationality and sovereignty,
and allowing the claimant to prosecute his claim
against the Government before this tribunal on the
same principles that one citizen would prosecute
another before an ordinary tribunal. To that
extent he was willing to go,"but he could not con-
sent to open the door and allow the board to take
cognizance of claims founded upon the abstract
principles of justice and sound policy, but not re-
cognized by law or equity. He was unwilling
that this board should he made the almoner or the
purveyor of ihealms of this Government, ffany
claims founded upon abstract justice or benevo-
lence were to be allowed, let them come directly
to Congress.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to amend the amend-
ment, by striking out all of the second branch of
the proposed third section, and inserting in lieu
thereof the following:
JJnd be it further enacted, That said board «hall have ju-
risdiction over all chums against the Government of the
United States, arising under any contract,expiess or implied,
with the Government, or with any department oi officer
thereof: or under any existing law of the United States, in
cases where the subject-matter of the claim is now cogmxa-
