1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
881
in the first place, that he was insane. The evi-
dence upon that point is conclusive; that he went
home and remained wit-h his family, and continued
insane. The witnesses have a distinct recollection
of Emory purchasing from him his bounty land,
and that he also never received any extra pay.
And there is other evidence also showing that he
did not receive it, because, in 1818, there was an
application made on his behalf for commutation,
under the supposition that he was entitled to com-
mutation pay, and the application was unsuccess-
ful. This evidence is sufficient to satisfy my mind
that he is entitled to receive the sum that is now
claimed. The reason for his receiving a part of
what was allowed him under the resolution of Con-
gress, and not receiving the other, has been satis-
factorily shown. Under a mistaken view of what
he was entitled to, he made application for com-
mutation, which was refused, and the twelve
months' extra pay to which he was entitled he
never received.
On motion of Mr. NILES, the further consid-
eration of the bill was postponed until Thursday^
next.
Mr. SEBASTIAN submitted the following res-
oluiion, which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads he instructed to inquire into the expediency of ex-
tending the Napoleon and Kocksoo maifline by steamers to
Batesville, on White river, in the State of Arkansas.
The joint resolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to cancel certain bonds for duties on^goods
destroyed by fire while in public store at JWrfolk,
Virginia, was taken up, read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. ATHERTON. I understand from the Sen-
ator from Connecticut that he is very desirous of
going on with his post office bill, in the hope that
it may be finished to-day; I therefore move to take
up the Indian appropriation bill, for the sake of
making it the special order, and that it may come
up for consideration as soon as the post office bill
has been considered.
Mr. BRIGHT. The Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Allen] has informed me that he is desirous of
being heard on the amendment that is pending,
and others that he has to offer, but as he is de-
tained to-day from his seat by sickness, at his
request I ask that the bill may be postponed.
Mr. ATHERTON. After the business of the
morning hour is through, then, I shall move to
take up the Indian appropriation bill for consider-
ation.
ADMISSION OF CALIFORNIA AS A STATE.
Mr. DOUGLAS, from the Select Committee to
which was referred the bill for the admission of
California into the Union as a State, reported the
following amendment thereto, viz:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert the
following:
That Congress doth consent that the portion of the ter-
ritoiy of the United State6, which is included within the
followins limits, to wit: beginning m the Pacific Ocean on
the parallel of forty-Uvo degrees of north latitude; thence
east on s>aitl parallel to the dividingridge which separates the
waters flowing into the Colorado river "from those which flow
into the Great Basin; thence along said dividing ridge to the
point where it was crossed by Lieutenant Colonel John C.
Fremont, in eighteen hundred and forty-four, as shown on
the map of his exploration; thence southvvestvvardly along
the line of said exploration, as shown on the map of said Fie-
mont*s> surveys, published by order of the Senate in eighteen
hundred and forty-eight, tons intersection with the one hun-
dred and seventeenth meridian of we&t longitude; thence in
a direct line to the intersection of the Sieriu Nevada Moun-
tains with those of the west range ; thence due west to the
Pacific Ocean; thence along the coast, including the adja-
cent islands, to the place of beginning, shall be set apart as
the territory of one State, and, upon the fulfillment of the
conditions hereinafter contained, the same is hereby declared
to be one of the States of this Union, by the flame and style
of the State of California, upon an equal footing with the
original States in all respects whatsoever, with the uncondi-
tional reservation to the United States of all right of property
in the public domain, and other property ceded to the United
States by the treaty of peaceconcluded with the Republic of
Mexico, February second,eighteen hundred andfoiiy-eight,
free from taxes or assessments of any kind by said State, and
also the power of disposing of the same, including the n«ht
Of adjusting all claims and titles to lands derived from for- j
eign Governments, in such manner as Congress shall pre-
scribe.
Sec. 2. And belt further enacted, That the acting governor
of the Territory of California, so soon as he shall be fur-
nished with a copy of this act, to the end that the people
may have an opportunity of establishing for themselves a
constitution ond republican form of government lor said
State, shall immediately proceed ts lay off the country em-
braeedjwithin the limits of the proposed State into conve-
nient districts for the election of delegates to a convention
for the purpose of forming a State constitution, and shall
designate the time and place of holding the election in each
district; appoint the officers to conduc t the same, and pre-
scribe the mode of making the returns thereof; and shall
apportion the delegates, fifty in all, among the several dis-
tricts, as near as may be, according to the number of legal
voters in each; and he shall also designate the time and
place for the assembling of said convention. Every white
male citizen of the United States, including those who shall
have become such under the provisions of the said treaty
with Mexico, being actual lesidents of the proposes State,
and having attained the age of twenty-one years, shall be
entitled to vGte at said election.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That so soon as said
constitution and State government shall have been estab-
lished, and the President of tfie United States officially no-
tified thereof, he shall ist-ue his proclamation declaring the
said State of California to be one of the States of this Union,
upon an equal footing with the original States in all res-pects
whatever.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the laws of the
United States, so far a* they are not locally inapplicable, are
herebyexteuded to and declined to be in force m said State,
and until the next general census the said State shall be en-
titled to one representative in the Congress of the United
States.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That Congress doth
consent that the poition of the tenitory of the United States
which is bounded as follows, to wit: on the noith by the
forty-second pauilh-l of north latitude, on the east by the
summit of the Roeky Mountains and the State of Texas, on
the south by the Republic of Mexico, and on the west by the
proposed State of California and the Pacific Ocean, inclu-
ding the islands adjacent to the shore, thai! become one of
the States of this Union, by the name and style of the State
of New Mexico, or such other name as the people thereof
shall, in their constitution, adopt, upon an equal footing with
the original States in all .respects whatsoever, so soon as it
shall contain the proper .number of inhabitants, and they
shall establish for themselves a constitution and republican
form of State government, the United States reserving to
themselves all rights of propeity in the public domain and
other property ceded to the United States by the treaty con-
cluded with the Republic ol Mexico, on the &econd day of
February, eighteen hundred and forty-eight, free from taxes
and assessment of any kind by said State, and also the power
of disposing of the same,including ihe right of adjudicating
all claims and titles to lands derived from any foieign Gov-
ernment, in such manner as Confess shall piescribe.
Sec. 6. And be t tjurther en acted f That the laws of the
United States, so far as they are not locally inapplicable, are
hereby extended to and declared to be in force in the coun-
try embraced within the limits of the said State of New
Mexico.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the sum of one
hundred thousand dollars, of any moneys-in the treasury not
otherwise appropriated, be and the same isherebyappiopri
ated for the purpose of carrying into effect the provisions of
this act.
POSTAGE.
The bill to reduce the rates of postage was, on
motion of Mr. BRIGHT, postponed until to-mor-
row, in consequence of the absence of a Senator
who desired to take part in the debate on the bill.
RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. NILES. As a matter that is of importance
to the whole Union, I move to take up the bill to
set apart and sell to Asa Whitney, of New York,
a portion of the public lands, to enable him to con-
struct a railroad from Lake Michigan to the Pacific
Ocean, for the purpose of taking the sense of the
Senate, and ascertaining whether they are disposed
to do anything upon the subject at the present
time. I am not disposed to enter into any argu-
ment upon the question, further than to say,, that
it is a question which is interesting to the whole
country; and I believe that the people are very
much surprised that Congress has not before this
in some way moved in relation to it. If this bill
should be taken up, there will be several proposi-
tions presented to amend it in regard to the course
of the route, which, of necessity, will bring up the
whole subject. The question for the Senate to
decide is, whether they are disposed to enter upon
its discussion or not. Our peculiar interests in
California, it seems to me, demand something from
us in order to sustain and keep up our connection
with that distant portion of our territory; and, in
in the judgment of many, this question involves
the continued connection of that country with this
Union. For, if it is suffered to remain as it now
is, separated by an immense natural barrier, it
would appear, judging from the order of nature—
from its thus being a separate country—that it is
hardly to be cxpected that it will continue a part
of the Union. It is evident that, in any plan or
arrangement affecting her government, she must
be made a part of our Union. Her interest and'
ours must be connected; and if they are not, it can
hardly be expected that, with no communication
between us, save through a circuitous one by sea,
or through foreign countries, it can, for any great
length of time, form a part of the Confederacy. I
wish Senators to vote upon the question, so that it i
may be determined as to whether they are dls- *
posed to look into it or not.
Mr. BORLAND. I would simply remark to the -
Senate that I am directed by the Committee on Pub-
lie Lands, in lieu of any report upon a memorial of
a similar character, to urge the passage of a joint
resolution reported from the committee at the last
session, adverse to the bill and memorial of Mr;
Whitney, and simply authorizing the Secretary of
War to cause surveys to be made from the Mis-
sissippi valley to the Pacific Ocean as to the best
route. The committee, after examining the subject
carefully during the last and the present se^ion,
have come to the conclusion that it is inexpedient
for the Government to undertake, either by itself
or by means of companies of individuals organized
for that purpose, the construction of any road,
until the best and shortest route has been ascer*
tained, considered in .all its bearings and relations.
To simplify the matter, then, as it comes before
the Senate, the committee would urge the taking
up and passing of this joint resolution, deeming it
impossible for the Government or its agents, or
any one, to determine upon any route as the best
one until the several routes that have been sug-
gested are examined and compared. The only
mode, therefore, of obtaining this information,
indispensable to a proper view of the matter, is to
have made a regular survey and exploration of
that country. 1 hope that, instead of taking up
the bill of Mr. Whitney, this joint resolution will
be taken up and acted upon.
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President, I regret that my
friend from Arkansas should have expressed him-
self in relation to this subject in the manner he has
done. I did not suppose that there could be any
opposition to the motion made by the honorable
Senator from Connecticut.
Tins particular measure has been under the con-
sideration of the country for a long while.; .it has
been favorably pronounced upon by nineteen or
twenty of the State Legislatures of this Union, and
it has attracted favorable attention from every part
of the Confederacy. At the last session of Con-
gress, owing, I supgose, more to the fact that we
were wholly occupied with very important busi-
ness than to anything else, this bill was laid upon
the table. The motion offered by the Senator from
Connecticut is simply for the purpose of culling up
the bill and fixing a day for its consideration. It
is surely worthy of respectful consideration at our
hands, and I desire particularly that it may be
taken up at the present time for the purpose of
enabling me to offer an amendment, which I hold
in my hand, and that an early day may be fixed
for its consideration.
I think it is due to the measure itself, due to the
State Legislatures that have favorably considered
and pronounced upon it, due to the enterprising
individual whose name is connected with the
scheme, and who has devoted so much of his life
to the development of the important facts connect-
ed with it, that the bill should be taken from tffe
table and a respectful consideration awarded to its
propositions. I hope, therefore, that Senators will
make no further opposition to the measure being
taken up at this time, especially as I hold an
amendment in my hand which I am exceedingly
anxious to have printed and considered.
Mr. BORLAND. Mr. President, I certainly
am as much disposed as the honorable Senator
from Mississippi, or anybody else, to treat with
respect the action of State Legislatures. I am
also as much disposed as any one, to treat with
respect the opinions of Senators. But I certainly
do not feel called upon to treat with any peculiar
mark of respect—certainly with no more than we
have already extended to the proposit'ons of other
individuals—the proposition of an individual who
comes before the Congress of the United States
and asks the action of Congress for his especial
benefit, and to enable him to carry out a gigantic
speculation.
With respect to the action of State Legislatures,
to which the Senator from Mississippi has referred,
and the views of Senators upon this floor, I am
disposed to treat them with the highest degree of
respect; and the joint resolution to which I have
alluded has for its very object the showing of this
respect. That resolution was reported, and it is
now urged, for the purpose of enabling the Gov-
ernment to get the very information which will
enable them to respond to the resolutions of the
State Legislatures, and to the views of Senators
