*88
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 29,
It is to enable the Government to get the very in-
formation without which they cannot act in this
matter at ail. Who will undertake to say, here
or elsewhere, that he knows this route of Mr.
Whitney's to be the best and the shortest route?
Who will undertake to say that he knows any-
thing about the route at vail? Has it ever been
surveyed?- Has Mr. Whitney ever traveled .over
it, or explored it in any way whatever? No, sir;
he knows nothing about it. He knows, as we all
know, that there is-a vast tract of country, accord-
ing to his own showing, some twelve hundred
rmtestin extent, destitute of wood and water, and
a large portion of it covered with snow of great
depth, if not during the whole year, at least tor
nearly one-half or two-thirds of it. The only
explorations of the route which have ever-been
made are those of Colonel Fremont and Major
Gillespie; a^id X understand that it is their opinion,
based upon actual observation, that the route is
utteily and wholly impracticable.
Mr. FOOTE, Will my friend allow me to state
that one object proposed by my amendment is to
change the route.
Mr. BORLAND. That certainly is a very good
object; but the joint resolution of which 1 nave
spoken obviates all the difficulties which now sur-
round this project. It directs the {Secretary of
War to have all th.e necessary survey sand explo-
rations made for placing the Government in pos-
session of such information as will enable them to
decide upon the best route, and to take into con-
sideiation the propriety of ordering or providing
in any w-ay whatever for theconstruction of a road.
It does not propose to reject Mr. Whitney's route,
or the route proposed by Bayard & Co., or any
other certain route. It proposes simply to put the
Government and Congress in possession of the
iriioimation which is indispensable to the forma-
tion ot a correct judgment upon the matter. As
for myself, without tms information, I cannot form
a coned opinion upon the subject, and I cannot
conceive how it v\ ould be possible for any Senator
to form a eonect opinion without it.
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President, I regret very
much the continuation of this unseasonable debate.
The only proposition before the Senate is, whether
we will take up the bill from the table for consid-
eration. Has any one here proposed to close the
eyes of Senators to the real character of the meas-
ure? Is there any attempt to mystify or conceal
the real objects of this project? Is theie any prop-
osition hete presented save the motion of the hon-
orable Senator from Connecticut, which is offered
merely to bring the subject bclore the Senate for
consideration at some early day ? None at all, sir.
Why should not the ordinary course of legisla-
tion be adopted m regard to this bill ? I know that
my friend from Arkansas, who has just denounced
this project, has done so very honestly, and very
patriotically, but I beg leave to say to him that
there are others who have examined the subject
alto, who decidedly tidier with hnn in opinion. I
beg leave to remind hmi that m the Hou^e of Rep-
resentatives a very able report was made several
years ago, alter a full examination of all the tacts
of the case, in favor of the project; and a very
favorable report was made at a still earlier period
in tins very body by the honorable Senator from
Illinois, (who, I regret to see, is not now in his
seat,) after he had given the whole subject a most
profound and laborious scrutiny.
Mr. BORLAND. Will my friend allow me to
interrupt him ior a moment * I wish simply to
say, that, so far as the Senator from Illinois is con-
cerned, he has, upon further examination of the
subjeel, changed his opinion, and now believes the
scheme of Asa Whitney to be utterly impracticable. !i
Mr. FOOTE. The Senator fiom -Illinois is of j!
age, and can answer for himself, if that Senator j|
chooses to abandon those views of his, so ably, and , *
I may say, so eloquently expressed—matkeu, as i /
conceived they were, with high intellectual power, !'
extraordinary labor, and remaikabie public spirit, :i
and which, if he never accomplishes anything jj
else to cause him to be favorably regarded here- M
after, will, I doubt not, secure to him the esteem
and gratitude of posteiity—1 say, if the Senator ii
from Illinois chooses to abandon his report, he must : '
do so; but the report will still stand the test of
u scrutiny, ot talent, and of ume.5' The facts of the 'I
caseare there powetiuliy and iiresisubly presented. |j
The report shows plainly that, even at the time of j!
presentation, abl« mea, who had explored this jl
subject and 'investigated it in alT its bearings, had
arrived at a favorable conclusion in regard to this
scheme ot improvement. t
And, sir,wh6n a measure has been most respect-
fully and favorably reported upon in both Houses
of Congress, when some^iineteen or twenty State
Legislatures, after thorough consideration of the
matter, have declared themselves in favor of the
project, 1 ask what reason can there be cogent
enou^i so to influence the minds of Senators here
as to induce them to refuse to take the bill from
the table for respectful consideration, at some fu-
ture day, when we may have leisure to look into
it; especially when a Senator urges in his place a
request that the motion shall be received, in order
to enable him to offer an amendment which, in his
opinion, obviates ail the difficulties heretofore pre-
sented ?
My friend says he has not sanctioned the scheme,
because he looks upon it as a very extravagant
one. It may be so; but those who have examined
the subject like myself, and have come to a dirfer-
ent conclusion, are very anxious to meet that Sen-
ator and others in courteous and fair discussion of
this measure. We wish to seize upon no advan-
tage. We only claim justice at the hands of this
body. We profess, after examining the subject,
to be prepared to declare our opinions m favor of
the general plan proposed, with certain modifica-
tions. We shall not be able, perchance, to exhibit
all the logical energy of which others may right-
fully boast in support of sutfh views as we have
adopted, but we claim the privilege of being heard
in the enunciation of those views, and in the main-
tenance of such opinions as we have formed.
Why a spirit of proscnption should penetrate this
Chamber in regard to this particular measure, I
cannot divine. There is no intention to do injus-
tice to any individual in pressing this measure to
consummation. There is no scheme of midnight
conspnators against the public peace and welfare
which is to be combated. Why it is that this par-
ticular measure should be hunted down in this
Chamber, I cannot understand. I am sure that
the Senate will sustain the motion of the Senator
from Connecticut.
The motion of the Senator from Connecticut was
then agreed to, and the bill was taken up accord-
ingly.
Mr. FOOTE then moved to amend the bill in
the following manner:
Prodded, That, alter ciossing the Missouri river, said
road shall be eonstmcted on a hue running southwesterly,
as neai fy stiaight as the face ot the country will admit, and
where all the stteains can be bridged, to a k' pats." thiougli
the llo( ky Mountains, south of thatealled the "aSouth Pass,"
and iheneo 10 the Jiav oi San Francisco or Monterey,on uie
Pacific, provided &uch piacueabie pass and route can be
found; bum no such practicable route can be hud north of,
then said road shall iuu as dnect n-s may be leasable to Hie
{v Paso del None," and thence to San Dago, on ihe i'aeitic,
always within ihe temtoiy ol the United stales.
And alter said road jdiall have been completed, as above
specified, or betore, n Congress may so p'jimit or direct,
wuhouthmderance to the advancement or the main road, the
said Whimey or hi-> aligns snail have powei to continue a
bianch l'ioni said mam road to a suitabk place on ihe Pacific
lor a gfeat commercial hatbor, at or norih of the Columbia
river, always within the teiutory ol ttie United Slates.
And the same amount of land (Unity miles wide on each
side or'the said road, with an equivalent number of acres tor
aay and all oi which may have ueen sold) i.  hereby  et apart
and sold to the said Whitney, his heiio and assign^ on ttie
same ttrms and conditions as specified in this bill, lor the
mam and principal road. .
On motion of Mr. FOOTE, the amendment was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BORLAND moved to amend as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and ln^eit:
That the Secretaiy ol War be, and lie ie hereby, directed
to employ such poition ot the Topograplue.il Corps a-> may
be necessary to accomplish the object, in exploimg euch
unites as he may deem piopei, with a view lo te«t the prac-
ticability ot constructing a railroad bom the northern lakes,
or irom anyone or moie point* on the Mississippi river,
below the i'al^ of St. Anthony, to the Pacific Ocean, and
that said Secretary repott to Congress, as eatlyas piacuea-
bie, the ie ult ot the exploration*, and the comparative ad-
vantages and disadvantages ot the different routes wlueh
may be explored.
On motion of Mr. BORLAND, the amendment
was ordered to be printed.
The further consideration of the bill was then
postponed to Monday next.
RAILROAD A-CROSS ISTHMUS OF PANAMA. |
Mr. BENTON" said he had been waiting some
time for an opportunity to move to take up a bill
in which the Senate had heretofore made some
progress—he referred to the bill"making compen-
sation for the transportation of naval and military
stores across the Isthmus of Panama. He now
moved to postpone the prior orders of the day fop
the purpose of taking up that bill.
The motion was agieed to, and the bill was
taken up for consideration as in Committee of th*
the Whole. ne
Mr. DOUGLAS submitted an amendment as a
substitute for the entire bill, which he briefly ex-
plained. He said he proposed to reduce the sum
to be paid to $250,000. He proposed also that the
contract should be made with liberty to the Gov-
ernment of the United States to discontinue the
contract at the end of ten years, instead of making
its continuance imperative for twenty years. But
while he proposed thus to give power to the United
States to discontinue the contract,at the end of ten
years, he did not contemplate relieving the com-
pany, if they should desire it, at'the end of that
time. The contract was to be binding on the
company for the whole period, but not on the Gov-
ernment if it should desire its discontinuance. His
substitute also proposed certain restrictions on the
charges to be made m the transportation of American
citizens and American freight; in short, all persons
and things that shall go there in American vessels.
There were, likewise, certain other restnetions
upon the power of the company, which will be
binding upon them provided the Government shall
make the contract. 'He then submitted his amend-
ment, which is as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert the
following:
That the Secretary of the Navy be, and he lieieby is, au-
thorize^and directed to er.t<*r into a contract, on behalf of
the United States, witn William H. Aspmwall, John I/.
Stephens, and Henry Chauncey, their associates and assigns,
foi the transportation, by <>team, of naval and aimy supplies,
including troops, munitions ot war, army, naval, and public
stoie^, the mails ot the United States, and ail persons in their
employment, to and ho over a lailroad to be conducted by
them and their associates across the Isthmus ot Panama,
from the Atlantic to the i'acmc Ocean: Piovidcd, That the
annual sum to be paid for such transportation shall not ex-
ceed the sum of two bundled and fifty thousand dollafs per
annum: And Provided, Thar no payment undet such con-
tract shall be made up til said railroad shall be so far advanced
as to penult said nanspoitation across the Isthmus ot Pan-
ama wholly by steam power: Jind provided further, That
the coutiact to be made m put&u'uiee to this act shall re-
quire the said railroad to be commenced within three months
and be completed within tlnee >ears from the date of the
contract.
Skc. '2. And be it further enacted, That the said contract
shall contain a provision establishing a tariff ot rates for the
tiansportation over the said road of ail citizens of the United
Stales, and of all persons who may arnve in the harrtors or
j at the depots ot said road in registered or enrolled vessels of
i the United States; and torall goods, wares, and merchant
1 disc which may be conveyed to said harbors and dep6taof
, said road in registered or enrolled vessels of the United
j State?, as follows, viz : For and duimg the first live years
I alter the completion of said load, at a late not exceeding
, eight dollars per head for passengers, and eight dollars per
1 ton tor freight. Fiom and alter th e years froln the comple-
tion of said road, at a rate not exceeding live dollars per
head tor passengers, and five dollars per ton for fi eight; linin
and after ten yeais from the completion of said road, at a
rate not exceeding four dollars per head for passengeis, and
i tour dollars per ton for freight; and from and aftt-i fiitnm
] years fiom the completion of &aid road, at a rate not exeeed-
: ing three dollars per head for pas>engers, and three dolhus
; per ton foi freight: Provided, That Congress may, at any
, time after the said railroad .-hall have been completed and in
' operation ten veais, rescind the said contract by joint ipso-
lution ; m which case the tanlf hereby e-.tabh.4ied shall be
annulled. That during the existence ot the said contract all
■ citizens of the United States, and all other persons who may
arrive at the haibors and depots of the said road in registered
; or enrolled vessels ol the United States, and all freight which
| mayarnve in such vessels, shall be tiansported over &a:d
j load in the order and accoiding to the tune of arrival. At
! lea-a three-fourths of the stock of the said road shall at all
I tfcnes be owned by citizens ot the United Siaies.
j Mr. WEBSTER. I do not know that I have
; any particular objection to make to the course of
' pioceeding proposed by the honoiable Senator;
' but I fear that the course he recommends the Sen-
j ate to adopt may lead to some embarrassment. I
: understand the Senator to move this as a substitute
i for the bill ongmally reported. Iam not aware
that there has been heretofore any such practice.
, It appears to me that the substitute proposed by
I the honorable Senator must be considered as an
; amendment to the original bill, so as not to pre-
j elude anv other subordinate proposition,
j Mr. DOUGLAS. I intended to add a distinct
: reservation—that it should be left open to amend-
ment. - ,
Mr. WEBSTER. I think that the Senator had
better proceed with his amendments serudim.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 have no objection to that
course; but my purpose was to make the substitu-
tion of what I now offer for the bill as it originally
stood, and to subject that substitute to such amend-
ment as may be deemed necessary.
