884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 29.
treaty, than upon his own judgment m regard to
the treaty. The Committee on. Indian Affairs have
given the subject their serioug attention, and I find
only about one hundred dollars difference in the
result, except in regard to the purely legal ques-
tion as to the interpretation of the third article of
the treaty; and I shall, by referring to that article,
■with some explanatory remarks, submit to the
Senate whether it is a question which ought to give
rise to serious debate, particularly when you come
to understand, by a review of the report of the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, that it is not so
much his individual judgment as it was some sup-
posed construction carelessly given to this treaty
by act of Congress, without looking into this ques-
tion at all.
I have only further to say, as a preliminary re-
mark, that, in regard to this treaty of 1846, it was
intended, on the part of the Government of the
United States and the delegates representing these
different factions of Indians, to close up the wounds
and to reconcile the differences which existed be-
tween the parties from the time of making the
treaty of 1835 up to 1846, a period of eleven years
from the time these disputes arose, which gave oc-
casion, in some instances, for heartburnings, and
even led to bloodshed between the various portions
of this tribe, and which prevented them, until the
treaty of 1846 was made, from acting in harmony
or in concert in carrying forward their various
measures for their own advancement and improve-
ment. The treaty of 1846 was made for the pur-
pose of putting an end not only to the difficulties
■which arose among the Indians themselves, but to
the annoyance which the Government experienced
in consequence of these difficulties. I believe we
have seen sometimes three sets of delegates from
this tribe knocking at your doors and claiming re-
dress, one party against another, and complaining
against this Government for not doing full justice
to all of them. The treaty of 1846 was mainly
entered into with the view of giving satisfaction to
what is called the Old Settlers. Some three thou-
sand of the Cherokees had removed west of the
Mississippi, and in 1835 the Government entered
into a treaty with the Indians remaining east of
the Mississippi, by which they provided, as they
understood it, for the whole interest of the Chero-
kees remaining east of the Mississippi by a grant
amounting to about eight millions of acres of land,
with the privilege of emigrating to the West, ar-
ranging with their friends the Old Settlers, and
taking and enjoying their full portion of the eight
millions of acres. This continued from 1835 to
1846; the treaty of 1835 assigned to the Cherokees
their whole interest in the eight millions of acres
without trenching upon the interest which the Old
Settlers claimed. They complained further that
the Eastern Indians had been permitted to share
with them in the seven millions which had been
given them in the West, which they held in their
own right, as they supposed, by treaties entered
into prior to 1835. Well, it was to content these
Old Settlers chiefly, and to close up all debatable
points, that this treaty of 1846 was entered into.
I will now call the attention of the Senate par-
ticularly to the article which forms the ground of
difference between the Auditor and Comptroller
and Commissioner of Indian Affairs in relation to
the treaty of 1846. The third article of the treaty
is in these words:
" Wheieas certain claims have been allowed by the sev-
eral boards of commissioneis heretol'oie appointed undei the
treaty of 1835, for rents, under the names of impiovements
and spoliation, and for property of which the Indians were
d^po?ses=ed, provided tor under the 16th article of the treaty
of 1835; and whereas the said claims have been paid out of
the five million fund; and whereas said clatms were not
justly chargeable to that fund, hut were to be paid by the
United States; the said United States agree to reimburse the
said fund the amount thus charged to said fund, and the
same shall form a part of the aggregate amount to he distrib-
uted to the Cherokee people, as provided m the 9th article
ofihis treaty."
I will remark here, that the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, in his report as to the amount due
, to the Old Settler party, has admitted fourteen
thousand dollars to be due; but in making up his
balance he has excluded what I have just read,
and which it was contended by this party ought
to be reimbursed out of this fund.
" And whereas a t'utther amount has been allowed for res-
ervations, under the provisions of the 13th aiticle of the
treaty of 1335, by said commissioners, and has been paid out
of the sfatd fund, and winch said sums were properly charge-
able to, and should have been paid by the United States, the
said Umted States further agree to reimburse the amounts
thus paid for reservations to said fund."
The Commissioner of Indian Affairs refused to
allow this stipulation, thua assuming that some
mistake had been made in the treaty with reference
to the reimbursement of this fund, under all the
circumstances of the case.
" And whereas the expenses of making the treaty of New
Echota were also paid out of said fund, when they should
have been heme by the Uaited States, the- United States
agree to reimburse th'e same, and also to reimburse all other
sums paid to any agent of the Government, and improperly
charged to said fund; and the same also shall form a part of
the aggregate amount to be distributed to the Cherokee
people, as provided in the 9th article of this treaty."
I will remark upon this clause of the treaty that
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs failed to make
the allowance of the amount to be reimbursed un-
der it; and the Comptroller and Auditor, it seems to
me, have gone very far in shielding the treasury
of the United States in saying that upon the ground
of their knowledge of the circumstances which
transpired at the time this treaty was formed and
signed, it was not meant that all the money ex-
pended in removing the Indians should be reim-
bursed, but only about fifteen thousand dollars,
which the delegates of the Indians said was an
erroneous sum, and they reported no more than
fifteen thousand dollars, whereas thfe actual amount
expended, as reported by the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, was about one hundred and fifty
thousand. This appears from the report of Gov-
ernor Parris, who was a commissioner on the part
of the Government, and to his report due weight
ought to be given, for he was a party not only to
what was actually agreed upon, but to all the con-
versations and discussions of both parties.
The Committee on Indian Affairs have not
thought proper to recommend exceeding that al-
lowed by the commission upon the report of one
of the commissioners who reported the treaty.
Therefore, as far as this appropriation goes, they
are clearly entitled to it.
A further ground of difficulty in the report of
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs arises from
the construction given to this five million fund
mentioned in the third article:
"And whereas the said claims have been paid out of the
five million fund; and whereas said claims were not justly
chargeable to that fund, but were to he paid by the United
States, the said United States agree to reimburse the said
fund," &c.
The Comptroller and Second Auditor think that
this section must be taken in connection with the
ninth section, and with the fourth section, in both
of which this fund is referred to, but indicating
different amounts. The fourth section indicates
it as the five million six hundred thousand dollar
fund, and the ninth section refers to it by calling
it the six million six hundred and forty-seven
thousand and sixty-seven dollar fund. If there
could be any doubt as to the construction, it seems
to me that the concluding clause of the third sec-
tion would be sufficient to remove that doubt.
After stating that these four different expenditures
had been improperly charged to that fund, it con-
cludes in these words:
"The United States agree to reimburse the same, and
also to reimburse all other sums paid to any assent of the
Government, and improperly charged to said 1'uud; and the
same also shall form a paitofthe aggregate amount to he
distributed to the Cherokee people as provided in the 9th
article of this treaty."
Well, what is to be distributed, according to the
ninth article of the treaty of 1846? I beg leave
now to cefer to that article to show what is to be
distributed:
"The United States agree to make a fair and just settle-
ment of moneys due to the Cherokees, and subject to the
per capita division, under the treaty of 29th"Decemher, 183d;
which said settlement shall exhibit all money properly ex-
pended under said treaty, and shall embiace all sums paid
for improvements, fences, spoliations, removal, and sub-
sistence, and commutation therefor, debts, and claims upon
the Cherokee nation of Indians, for the additional quan-
tity of land ccded to said nation ; and the several sums pro-
vided m the several articles of the treaty to be invested as
the'general funds of the nation; and also all sums which
may be hereafter properly allowed and paid under the pro-
visions of the treaty of 1835; the aggregate of which said
several sums shall be deducted from the sum of six millions
six hundred and forty-seven thousand and s-ixty-seven dol-
lars, and the balance thus found to be due shall be paid over
per capita in equal amounts to all those individual heads of
families, or their legal representatives entitled to receive
the same under the treaty of 1835, and the supplement of
J836, being all those Cherokees residing east at the date of-
said treaty and the supplement thereto."
Now, under the ninth article, which has just
been read, in ascertaining the residuum which was
due to the Cherokee nation, I desire to refer to
the report of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
which specifies some charges against this fund,
which he arrays in his report, and then to show
the difference between the report of the Commis-
sioner and that of the Second Auditor.
[Mr. Bell read extracts from the reports above
referred to, and pointed out the disagreement be-
tween (them in relation to the various items enu-
merated therein.]
In their respective reports, the Comptroller and
Auditor have followed the provisions of the third
article of the treaty of 1846, and the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs has rejected them. The aggre-
gate difference between the two reports.amounts to
four hundred and ninety-nine thousand nine hun-
dred and three dollars. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to one fact, which is, that this
sum of five hundred and eighty-six thousand dol-
lars embraced in my amendment, is not in addition
to the money appropriated under the treaty of
1835; it is a distinct stipulation on the part of the
Government of the United States for the benefit of
the Old Settlers, on the ground that their claims
were overlooked or materially disregarded in the
treaty of 1835. It is an additional provision sub-
sequently made in that treaty to a large portion of
the tribe residing west of the Mississippi, The
sum embraced in the second section of the amend-
ment is the balance due to the Cherokee nation
proper, under the treaty of 18.35, and the various
amendments made to it.
1 believe I have gone through all the grounds
for a difference of opinion, whatever they may be,
that can exist, and I will reaffirm that any Senator
who will take the pains to read or listen, to the
reading of the third article and the fourth and ninth
articles of the treaty, will find it impossible, in my
opinion, to come to any other conclusion than that
arrived at by the Comptroller and Auditor—that
the Commissioner, in making his report* disre-
garded the third article of the treaty; the main
provision m that article is altogether set aside. As
to the amount of money expended, it is not a mat-
ter of doubt at all; and I repeat that it is a mere
question of legal interpretation whether the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs has not done wrong
in setting aside the provisions of the third article
and charging to this same five million fund the
very items which the third article of the treaty of
1846 stipulates shall be reimbursed. It is purely
a legal question, and not a question of figures or
computation at all, and any gentleman who will
take the pains to examine the matter will be able
clearly to understand it, without spending more
than ten minutes in making the examination.
Mr. ATHERTON. This is a question of a
great deal of importance, as the Senate must have
already perceived; and not only so, but it is in-
volved in much doubt and perplexity. There are
a great many details which must be gone into, and
many articles of several treaties must be exam-
ined and weighed before any satisfactory decision
can be arrived at. And, sir, I think there could be
no better illustration of the almost fatal facility with
which money is voted in large appropriations when
asked for by Indian tribes, than the inattention
which seemed to prevail here during the very able
speech of the honorable Senator from Tennessee
upon this grave and important subject. Here is an
Indian appropriation bill involving the amount of
about eight hundred thousand dollars, as it came
from the House; an amendment is offered which
proposes to add to this appropriation the sum of
twelve hundred thousand dollars, and it seems
almost to be passed by with inattention; it seems
scarcely to claim the slightest notice on the part of
the Senate.
It cannot be expected, sir, that I should go into
all the different details which have been alluded to
by the Senator from Tennessee; but I think that
the Senate will see enough, by taking a cursory
view of the matter, to convince them that we are
not able to decide with definitiveness on the sub-
ject. This ought to be made the. subject of a sep-
arate hill, and undergo an elaborate and careful
examination. I think the whole subject should be
referred back to the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs, and that he should make a final and definite
report for the guidance of Congress. .
When the treaty of New Echota was made, it
was supposed that the sum of five millions of dol-
lars, with some slight additions thereto, would
cover the whole expense of the removal of the
Cherokees. But some questions arose. The In-
dians were^issatisfied, and a supplementary treaty
was made, which added six hundred thousand doi-
