THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
30th Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 31, 1849.
New Series No. 25.
lars to the fund originally set apart, and it was
expressly stipulated that this should be in full of all
the claims of the Cherokees. But they were still
dissatisfied. They again applied to Congress, and
in consequence of a report made by Judge White,
who was then chairman of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs in the Senate, in 1838, an additional
appropriation, a voluntary grant, was made of over
a million of dollars: thus making our expenditures
nearly seven millions of dollars, instead of the five
millions originally appropriated.
It is well known what obstacles a certain party
among the Cherokees threw in the way of the emi-
gration of the nation, and, taking the expenditures
which the Government have already incurred, to-
gether with what they will yet have to pay on
account of the removal of the Indians, they cannot
amount to less than ten millions of dollars. Still
the Indians are not satisfied; and I can see no
reason why they should be, so long as they see the
facilities which they have for obtaining money
whenever they make their complaints, and the
facilities in obtaining agents to follow up their
claims before Congress. Concerning some of the
articles of the treaty made with the Cherokee na-
tion in 1846, which treaty gives rise to the question
now before us, there is a doubt whether they were
not ill advised, and whether the Senate ought to
have ratified them. But, be that as it may, we are
bound by the provisions of that treaty; and if it
can be clearly established that the sums embraced
in the amendment of the Senator from Tennessee
are due to the Cherokees under it, 1 shall be as
ready as any man to vote for the proposition. But,
before proceeding any further, I would ask the
Senator from Tennessee whether, in his amend-
ment, there is embraced a sum on account of the
claims of the Cherokees in North Carolina, or any
other claims incidentally alluded to in the report of
the Comptroller and Auditor?
Mr. BELL was understood to say, in reply,
that it was necessary to ascertain the amount of
appropriations made at the last session of Con-
gress for the benefit of the Indians of North Caro-
lina, and that the claims of the Indians of North
Carolina who applied at the last Congress for a
settlement (were specified in the written answer
returned; and he asked that the statement might
be read by the Secretary.
[The paper was read accordingly.]
Mr. ATHERTON. The officers may not see
any difficulty in making appropriations of the
whole amount; but I ask why not, when there is
a large amount to be deducted in order to make
the account correct? That amount is not deducted.
But, on the subject involved in the treaty of
1846, the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, at the
last session, made a report to the Secretary of
War, and that was submitted for the guidance of
Congress. The matter was taken into consider-
ation by the department having cognizance of the
subject, and best able te come to a correct and
satisfactory conclusion. This result is contained
in a message of the President of the United States
[Executive Doc. No. 65, H. R-l transmitting a
report from the Secretary of War and the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs.
[The document was read for the information of
the Senate.]
Well, sir, the Cherokees or some of their agents
profess to be dissatisfied with this report. A joint
resolution, having the effect of a law,.if passed,
was brought here at the close of the last session—
and this Ts another evidence of the facility with
which appropriations are made—and, although it
was introduced late in the session, it was passed and
became a law. That law required that the Second
Comptroller and Second Auditor should go into an
examination of the various claims of the Indians
arising under the treaty of 1846; and those Sena-
tors who were then present will remember that the
reason then given for the passage of this resolution
was, that the subject involved so many matters of
detail, so many vouchers were required, that it
was impossible for any committee to go into an
examination thoroughly, and that the settlement
25
of these amounts belonged to the Executive officers
rather than to Congress; but that Congress were
to settle the principle after the amounts had been
settled. It was also stated that there were great
errors in the report of the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, in respect to the sums to be appropriated.
The main arguments for referring this matter to the
Auditor and Comptroller were, that there were
errors in the sums returned by the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, and that there was no time to go into
an examination, and to settle definitely theamounts
which should be allowed. In consequence of this
suggestion these joint resolutions become a law.
And what next? I think it my duty to trace the
progress of this affair as far as I recollect the de-
tails of it. At this session a joint resolution was
brought in requiring the Comptroller and Auditor
to report what was the amount of balance due the
Cherokees, taking the sums reported by the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, thus shifting the whole
nature of the investigation. The joint resolution
referring this matter to the Comptroller and Audit-
or was on the ground that they might examine
the vouchers, because no committee of Congress
could do it. And the resolution passed by the
Senate alone gave another aspect to the matter.
The resolution requires theComptroller and Audit-
or to report the result of their investigations, but
to take in the sums in which it was said there were
so great errors. Now, I object to taking this as
the basis of action, because the Senate had no
right to alter a law of Congress. They stepped
aside from their authority. This duty, if it de-
volved upon the Comptroller and Auditor at all,
was devolved by the joint resolution of both
Houses of Congress, and the Senate alone could
not alter the law relating to this matter, and order
them to report, taking the sums given by the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs as a basis. And
what is it, taking their report as a whole? It is
a mere amount of figures. Are they to settle
principle for us? The ground on which it was
referred to those officers was, that we are to settle
the principles. Well, here is a report, not tak-
ing examination of any sums but those given
by the Commissioner of Indian Affairs. And
these sums we are asked to be bound by. There
is no argument, no reasoning why thev take
this article of this or any other treaty. Are we
to take this for our rule of action? It seems
not, sir. The report of the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs is elaborate and able. He gives
reasons in his report for the conclusions at which j
he arrives. But he may be mistaken. It is not ,
for a report, giving no reasons, no figures, to be !
taken as law, when the report, made by the very !
officers of the Government appointed by us, going !
into elaborate reasoning, is to be set aside. I ask I
again, why should a resolution of the Senate j
change the object and intention of a joint resolution |
of bo th Houses of Congress, which has the force '
and effect of a law? In regard to one portion of !
this amendment, the report of the Comptroller and
Auditor is silent altogether; it keeps it out of view '
altogether. In fact, I am informed it was their ,
decision that they had no right to consider any J
claims of any of the Old Settlers among the Cher- j
okees. But the resolution required them to report j
the claims of the Cherokee nation, and considered
the Ross party as the nation so referred to. But >
the Senate will see how important it is that we
should not blindly adopt their figures without |
reasons, when they come to perceive that the very ;
ground on which the report stands, and that the re- -
port in favorof the Ross party, involves also an ad- ;
dition to the amount allowed by the Commissioner '
of Indian Affairs to be paid to the Old Settler party,
of two hundred thousand dollars. The amendment
of the honorable Senator from Tennessee seems
to proceed on this principle; that is, to allow five
hundred and eighty-six thousand three hundred
and nincty-eighf dollars and forty-six cents to the
Cherokee nation; this sum is to be allowed in place
of the sum allowed by the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, $184,071 21, and with no reason given, or
any argument. It is a mere statement of figures,
and that altering a provision and resolution of the
last session of Congress—altering altogether the-
object of reference.
The Commissioner of Indian Affairs conceives
that there is due to the Old Settler party more than
four hundred thousand dollars, and that sum is to
be increased by an addition of two hundred thou-
sand dollars. I would ask the Senator from Ten-
nessee if I am right?
Mr. BELL. One hundred and sixty-six thou-
sand.
Mr. ATHERTON. I think I have said enough
to draw the attention of the Senate to this matter;
and I do hope that it will not be acted on without
a full investigation. It seems to me that we can-
not take the figures of the Comptroller and Auditor
without reason and argument; that it would be un-
safe to set aside the report of the Commissioner of
Indian ^Affairs; and that this is of sufficient impor-
tance to be made a subject of separate considera-
tion, both for the Senate and the House of Repre-
sentatives. This matter contains so many difficult
questions to dccide, so many perplexing consider-
ations, that we should be doing injustice to the
treasury anri to ourselves, if we undertake to de-
cide in this hasty manner on this important ques-
tion. I hope this whole subject may be referred to
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and that the
whole may be settled in a manner satisfactory to
Congress and to the Indians themselves.
Mr. BELL. As I have before staled, I believe
there is not a shadow of difficulty in the whole
question, except the difficulty of drawing the at-
tention of the Senate to its consideration. I differ
wholly from the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire, when he states that the subject in-
volves many nice and complex questions. It is a
question merely of interpretation as to the third,
fourth, and ninth articles of the treaty, and no dif-
ficulty can arise in the construction of those articles,
if Senators will give them their attention. There
are one or two remarks of the Senator from New
Hampshire that I desire briefly to refer to.
The Senator from New Hampshire seems to
assume that the ground upon which this question
was formerly based has been changed. He alludes
to the debate on the adoption of the resolution at
the last session, referring this whole question to
the Auditor and Comptroller. As far as the Sen-
ator went, he stated the argument correctly, show-
ing, that afnong other things done, the report of
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, which had
been prepared after a very careful investigation,
and having perhaps ten thousand items in the
various accounts, was regarded by the Indian del-
egations concerned as incorrect and erroneous in
many of the statements made. It was said by the
Senator also at that time, that the Committee on
Indian Affairs could not undertake to investigate
. the accuracy of these items, and the best way of
settling the matter was to refer it to the examina-
! tion of the Comptroller and Auditor. The Sena-
tor might have added, but omitted to say, that the
committee regarded the interpretation by theCom-
. missioner of ihe stipulations of the treaty of 1846,
m many respects, as grossly erroneous in the con-
i elusions. But the committee, tdkinjj the whole
' report together, and because the duty seemed to
1 have devolved upon that committee, of pointing out
the eirors in the account which the Commissioner
should have investigated, desired that it be referred
to the Comptroller and Auditor; and, in addition,
1 that they miaht have their judgment upon the legal
- interpretation of the treaty, the Comptroller being
one of the commissioners who made the treaty.
The honorable Senator has charged that we agree
to take the report of the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs now when we would not at the last session,
! and that thus we have changed the ground on
which we based our application foimeily. The
fact is, that the report he made at the last session
i was protested against by the parties interested, as
! containing various items that were not correct.
' But, sir, what is the case now ? "Why, we waive
I all that; we voluntarily lose all the benefit which
might have resulted from that investigation; we
i surrender all our doubts in regard to those items,
; and wil} take the report of the very officer whom
