886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 29,
the Senator states was the correct one to examine
the matter as to those facts.
Mr. ATHERTON". You will not take it.
Mr. BELL. We do take it. We waive any
objection to this account. We pocket the loss, and
do not insist upon any investigation either by Con-
gress or by the officers of the Government.
What more do you obtain by this report* then,
the gentleman now inquires, than you received
■when it was presented at the last session ? I an-
swer. that we obtain the judgment of the Comp-
troller and the Auditor as to the proper interpre-
tation of the treaty. The gentleman from New
Hampshire says that the Commissioner is the
proper officer to be ft-usted. Well, sir, as I have
before said, we submit to his rendition of the
accounts, and ask no further investigation. The
agents of these Indian tribes have also agreed to
let his statement stand, in order that the settlement
of their other just demands upon the Government
may not further be postponed.
The question then at issue is reduced down to
one as to the legal interpretation of the treaty of
1846. Every gentleman must readily perceive,
upon examination, that the matter m this respect
is perfectly ckar.
The Senator further says that a difficulty occurs
in the difference in judgment of the two officers in
regard to the stipulations of the treaty of 1846. He
says, also, that the Auditor and the Comptroller
give no reasons for their particular judgment in the
matter. Now, I would ask the honorable Senator
if he has given any reason for his difference in
opinion with them> Has he read that important
article of the treaty of 1846—the third article? Has
he percetved that it acknowledged, in express
terms, that the Indian fund under the treaty of
1835 has been improperly charged with these items,
and that they should be reimbursed? I have al-
ready alluded to what is regarded to have been the
grounds of a difference of opinion between the two
officers.
The ninth article of the treaty enumerates the
various heads of charges that should be allowed;
and the third article excludes those items which
have been considered as improper allowances, and
which the Government stipulated in the treaty of :
1846 should be reimbursed. Nov/, where is the i
ground upon which the honorable Senator will say
that this question shall not be adjusted at oncc? !
The subject of the inaccuracy of these items is not
now before us. That is waived. 11
[Mr. B. here read extracts from the report of,
Mr. Mcdill, showing, by a comparison of its'!
statements with others before him, that the com-
mittee had adopted the items as correct; and then \
continued:]
It will not do to question, cither, the terms of
the treaty, upon the giound that there was a mis-
take made by the Commissioner in fixing its
terms, as it has been suggested by the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs." It is a lawful treaty, !
and, whether improperly or gratuitously entered :
into, it is binding upon our Government. i,
Again; the Senator remaiks that this report of
the Second Auditor docs not say one word about ,
the claims of the Old Settlers. I would state, that ;;
after the balance due under the ninth article was ,
ascertained by the Comptroller and Auditor, the ;;
amount due to the Old Settlers was provided for |
in the treaty in such a manner that its settlement ,i
would follow as a necessary corollary. The j
simple rules of addition and subtraction arc all 1
that is necessary to be employed m ascertaining ii
the amount due to the Old Settlers; the treaty pro-
vided for if in terms not to be mistaken. It says |
that they shall bo entitled to one-third of the old
balance due the Cherokee nation proper under the I
ninth article of the treaty, after deducting from
the whole amount of indebtedness, under the
head of subsistence and removal, every charge
exceeding the rate of fifty-three dollars and odd -
cents -per capita, I appeal to the honorable Sen- !
ator if there can be any doubt about this matter? jj
At the last session of Congress a claim was in-
serted in the Indian appropriation bill, to be paid ■
to the North Carolina Indians yet residing east, '
and it was resolved that it should be paid out of ■
this fund appropriated under the treaty of 1835. ■
I advocat^ the proposition that it should not be '
paid out of that fund; for I contended that the
Government had no right to pay it from this fund,
ioS?use ,theFe. was no provision in the treaty of i j
*p35 authorizing the payment out of tnat fund, ii
This amendment came^from the House, and was
sent back; a committee of conference was appoint- i
ed by the two Houses, and the amendment of the <
House was adopted. I was opposed to the prin- j
ciple myself, because I considered that Congress
had no right to make such an appropriation out of
this fond, if they meant to do justice to these In-
dians, in accordance with the stipulations of the
treaty of 1835. It should have been taken from
the treasury of the United States, and not from the
money due another tribe. Congress in that case
assumed a discretion of the fund which they had
no right to assume; and if the matter ever comes
up again for investigation, Senators will be obliged
to come to that conclusion.
The only difficulty, if any can be presented, in
the way of making this appropriation is, that there
is an outstanding claim, the amount of which is
not defined, and we do not know when it can be
ascertained. We know it probably cannot exceed
a certain amount, say one hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars—it may not be more than forty thou-
sand dollars—it will probably amount to only one
hundred thousand dollars. The extent of the
amount depends upon the energy of the officers of
the Government in adjusting the claims under the
act passed at the last session. Tbey may be able
to make a complete settlement at this session, per-
haps not until the next. But, in the mean time,
a portion of the amount of six hundred and eighty-
three thousand and odd dollars will be sufficient to
meet the demand that now arises. Upon having
some doubts as to how that matter should be man-
aged, we addressed a letter to the Comptroller of
the Treasury, and be replied that the balance of
this fund could not be paid to the Cherokees until
the North Caiolina claims were adjusted. There
can be no objection to this amount lemaining in
the treasury until the account with the North
Carolina Indians is settled, and in the mean time
we can be disposing of the four or five hundred
thousand dollars for the Cherokee Indians.
The Senator complains that there is not a full
Senate; but, I ask, when will it probably be more
inclined to listen to the discussion on this question
than at the present time? The session is already
drawing to a close; pressing and important bills
are yet to be considered, and the advent of an in-
coming Administration always claims the attention
of members, if not of all, at least of a large por-
tion of them. If we do not make this appropria-
tion in this bill, there will be none made at this
session. The committee of the other House can
have no difficulty in examining it. An examina-
tion of the third, fourth, and ninth articles of the
tieafy, by any gentleman capable of making such
examination, cannot fail to convince of the cor-
rectness of the case. There is no necessity for
making a separate bill of the subject. My opinion
is, that it will require very little attention by the
Committee of Ways and Means in the House.
The bill for carrying into effect the various treaties
and stipulations made with the Indian tribes, is
the proper one in which this appropriation should
he inserted. I thi^k also that some little credit
must be given to the investigations of the standing
committees. I do not claim for the Committee on
Indian Affairs any preeminence in this matter, or
that anything they shall report here shall pass
without receiving the most rigid scrutiny; but when
the question has been before Congress and fully
and elaborately considered, 1 do think it should
receive our attention, now that opportunity is
offered. It properly belongs to the bill now under
consideration.
Mr. ATCHISON was understood to say that he
did not intend to advance anything further in sup-
port of the bill. The committee, he said, was very
full when the subject was under consideration,
there being four members present. He said the
committee had adopted the same interpretation of
the treaty that was adopted by the Comptroller and
Auditor, and had arrived at the same conclusions
at which those two officers had arrived. He had
nothing more to say in relation to the subject.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I shall detain
the Senate but a moment. I nieiely wish to say
that I entertained some general views in relation
to thismatter just before examining this bill, which
had passed from my mind; and since the Senator
from Tennessee has brought them to my recollec-
tion, I remember that they were similar to those
which he has expressed. I am perfectly satisfied
that ths Senator from Tennessee is entirely correct
in his interpretations of the treaty. I shall vote
for his amendment.
Mr. DICKINSON. Mr. President, it is not
probable, that wc shall get a vote upon this amend-
ment to-day, I would move to postpone the fuither
consideration of the subject until to-morrow, as |
desire to move an Executive session.
Several Senators. No, no; let us dispose of
this question now.
Mr. DICKINSON withdrew his motion.
Mr. NILES was understood to say that he wished
to make an inquiry in relation to this matter. He
thought that the officers of the treasury, who had
this subject under their supervision, were generally
very careful and accurate in their recommenda-
tions. If their recommendation in this case was
correct, he thought the question a very simple one.
He wanted to know whether the grant now asked
for was the precise sum which the Auditor and the
Comptroller were satisfied, by their investigations
of this matter, should be granted ? He wanted to
know, also, whether the report of the Committee
on Indian Affairs was founded upon the report of
the Auditor and Comptroller; and he wished to
know further whether the act referred to as bavin®"
been passed at the last session, was submitted to the
Auditor and Comptroller for their investigation?
If that act had not been submitted to those officers,
if would seem that their report could not be con-
clusive. It seems that there was some difference
of opinion in relation to the interpretation of some
of the sections, and if these officers had miscon-
strued the treaty, and thus fallen into an error, he
thought it worth while to examine into that point;
but, if the proper officers had investigated this
subject, and had decided upon the interpretation of
the tieaty, and had made a rcpoit upon their pre-
cise understanding of it, he would vote for it.
Mr. BELL said he would state, in reply to the
Senator from Connecticut, that the committee had
adopted the precise report of the officers referred
to, and that they had also adopted their interpre-
tation of the treaty. He would assk the honorable
Senator from Vermont [Mr. Phelps] to add his
testimony to what bad already been said.
Mr. PHELPS said he did not feel disposed to
debate the subject further. He said he entered
into the investigation of the subject in order to
get rid, if possible, of this very large claim, but
he had been compelled, on an examination of the
treaty, and a comparison of it with the report of
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and the report
of the Auditor, to admit its justness. He would
further state that, if he was not mistaken, he ought,
perhaps, to add that the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs had made'a very elaborate report, in which
he placed the sum due to the Indians much below
the amount proposed in the amendment, and that
report, if he mistook not, was before the Auditor
and Comptroller at the time they were investiga-
ting the subject. The committee, he said, after
a full investigation of all the facts of the case,
were forced to the conclusion that a fair inteipres-
tation of the treaty demanded the paym'ent of the
amount proposed in the amendment.
Mr. ATHERTON said, that, in reply to the
question of the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr.
Nitf.s,] he would merely remark that the Senator
from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] who introduced the
joint resolution referring this matter to the Aud-
itor and Comptroller, had since altered his reso-
lution. He believed that the resolution at first
referred this motter generally to those •officers,
but it was objected by several Senators, and among
others, by the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Brad-
bury,] who sat before him, that the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs had made an elaborate report
upon the subject to Congress, and that it should
not, therefore, be refened back to be definitely
settled by the Auditor and Comptroller. To ob-
viate that objection, the Senator from Tennessee
had modified his resolution so as to require the Au-
ditor and Comptroller to make their report to Con-
gress; and the argument, as he had said before, m
favor of allowing the Auditor and Comptroller to
settle the amount of the grant was, that it would
be impossible for the committee to go into an
investigation of all these sums and examine all the
voucheis, and that the settlement of the amount
to be paid belonged rather to the Executive than
to Congress. That, he said, was the argument
then urged in favor of the settlement of the
amount by the Auditor and Comptroller, and now
this report urges the Senate to take the report of
