390
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 29,
He should now merely refer to his own opinions
in respect to the constitutional power of Congress
over the subject of legislation for the Territories
and the subject of slavery, so far as was necessary
to his present purposes. He should not enter into
an argument on these questions, but should simply
Btate the position he had occupied,
Looking to the Constitution alone, he was dis-
posed to deny in toto the rightful exercise of any
jurisdiction by the General Government for the
purpose of establishing local governments for the
people of a Territory. He was willing to concede
to Congress the right to extend over all the Ter-
ritories belonging to the people of the United States
that jurisdiction which it could rightfully exercise
"within the States themselves. He"did not concede
to the people of a Territory sovereignty; but he
believed that it was most consonant with the theoi y
of our system of government to permit them to
establish governments and regulate their municipal
concerns—the laws which might be passed by these
governments to be in subjection to the compromises
of the Constitution, and to the rights of the people
of the several States of which the Confederacy was
composed.
During the progress of the able debate which
took place on this floor, and also at the other end
of the Capitol during the last session of Congress,
this opinion with reference to the power of Con-
gress to establish territorial governments was re-
luctantly yielc'ei. He maintained, however, that
in"the exercise of that power, whether it was de-
rived from the clause of the Constitution giving
to Congress the right to enact all needful rules and
regulations in respect to the territories or other
property of the United States, or whether it was
derived as an incident to the tieaty-making power,
or as resulting fiom the right of conquest, it was
still to be exercised in obedience to all the limita-
tions of the Constitution and with reference to
all its compromises. To no gentleman, either m
or out of lus own delegation, had he supposed that
the opinions lie entertained were better known
than to the honorable gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Smart,] who had recently taken occasion to
address the committee; yet, in addressing this com-
mittee, that gentleman had taken occasion to ex-
press himself m the language which he would now
read :
" In the remarks t am about to make, I all waste no
time io prove tiie j/over of Congress to prohibit the exten-
fcion cf slavery. Many members of thi$ House have made
elaborate speeches to prove the prohibition of slavciyni
our Territories unconstitutional; but, sir, there i-? out deci-
sive answer to all tht>e gcntleuifn. Before the elo^e of
the last session, they all voted, with the oath ot God upon
them, to exclude slavery from ,i huge portion of oui Teru-
tnrie*. They voted that slaverv should not exist north of
36° 30'.
"They cannot reply to thi* allegation, that they voted fur
what was <jeneially H-yardcd a« a compromise. Thev did
iio v'Uch iJuiji',- u>r the Jme of 1®° [,0\ n* a hue bem cm sla-
very and fic-riom, w.i* «trenurju*Jvo|>poved bv ahno-t < veiv ■
member from the free States, and was Jooktd upon a- am- :
thing but a 'compromise.'" " j
Wow (continued Mr. B.) I propose very briefly :
to advert to the history of this proposition, for ■
which the entire delegation from the South on this
floor recorded its vole. It would be borne in mind
that the Oregon bill embodying the distinct pro-
visions of the Wilmot proviso had passed this
body. It went to the Senate. In that body the j
bill was amended by the committee to whom it had |
been referred, so as to ingraft upon it the pro- !
visions of the Missouri compromise. The bill was j
sent back to this House, and the amendments >
•which had been proposed to it were voted on here '
under the operation of the previous question. The !
amendment containing the Missouri compromise '
embodied emphatically the distinct assertion, that
it was offered as an amendment to the bill as a
compromise. The language of the proposition it-
self showed conclusively the fact, that it was a
compromise. The history of its passage through
this House showed the additional fact, thatgentfe-
men here were reduced to the alternative of votinc
for the compromise, or of voting, in effect, directly
for the Wilmot proviso. The amendment was in
the following words:
" That tile line ot tlnrty-^i.x decrees and thirty minutes of
north latitude, known as the JIiSMmri coiimiCMiiM; line, as
defined by the eighth section of an net entitled 'An actio ;i
authorize the people of the Missoui i Territory to form a con- ■:
station ami State "oveinment, and lor the admission of sucii !
gt.Ue into the I mon on an equal tooting with the ori in<il I
« ' 10 prohibit slavery in certain Territories ? an i
provert March 6ih, 1820, he and ttie-s-aiiie is hereby declared I
«?«><= Pacific Ocean : and the enrfui, section '
together with the compromise therein effected, is hereby ii
j! revived, and declared to be in full foice, and binding, for
1; the future organization ot the Territories of the United
', Stares., m the ^.une setwe, and with the same understanding,
! with which it wa< originally adopted."
S And yet (Mr. B. continued) in the face of these
], facts—m the face of the additional and positive
j! assertion of a Senator, m reply to a diiect question
winch had been addressed to htm, that it was a
compromise, it was stated iieie thatgentlemen from
the >Suuih hud voted that Congress might right-
fully exclude slavery from the Territories, and
that they could not, "with the oath of God upon
their lips," say that they had voted for the propo-
sition as a compromise.
Mr. SA1A.RT asked leave to explain.
Mr. BEALE having yielded the floor for the
purpose—
Mr. SMART said his position was this, that
the proposition was not geneially regarded as a '
compromise, and therefoie those gentlemen who ;
voted for it were committed to the power to ex- '
elude slavery. Almost every gentleman of the :
INorth had voted during the last session for the
ordinance of 1787, prior to that proposition hav- ,
ing been submitted. Whatever his language i
might have been, he intended to say that southern 1
gentlemen were committed to the power to restiict
slavery. There were four northern men who ;
voted in favor of that compromise; if twenty ad- I
ditional northern membeis had voted for it, it j
would have become a law, and in that event would !
not gentlemen have been committed to the power '
of excluding slavery? Or, put it m this form: the ■
ji South lacked twenty votes of excluding slavery
!; north of 36° 30'. 1( was, however, of little irn-
;1 portance. He considered the question settled long
ago. One wotd more: He would say, in order to
!' make a compromise, theie must be a concession;
| both parties must concede something. Theie was
; no such concession. He did not see how a man
■ could vote for an exclusion of slavery without
' committing himself to the power, unless, perhaps,
by an express or implied waiver of the constitu-
tional question by both parties. There had been
no such waiver. This was the answer he made
to the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. BEALE continued. It was, he said, suffi-
1 cient for him to know that the lecoid showed, that
i upon the occasion refeired to, the vote of the
i southern delegation here was given for the propo-
; sition, not as a distinct and independent proposi-
i tion, but as an alternate proposition, and as a com-
i promise. lie was willing to leave the matter to
. the record. |
i But again: The gentleman from Maine [Mr. ;
| Smart] had proceeded to say:
J "A!! must a<*n e, as free laborer* will not settle upon slave !
; tprritoiy,that the free States, having conmbuied theirs-hare '\
,1 of men find inotiov toward-! the acquisition ot 'iVx.i-, \ew j
,! .M''\ico. and California, are entitled to their j-luire of tins !
acq'ibirion, free territory, according to the if population - j
ilow, then, Mr. Chuioiaii. does the arcount now island: :
i Tt \n> < inio ai (•-> a mi j torn te-. ot 000 -qn m-> mile-, a— ; i
: suirmur the houndarj tix.-d bvt.iel.ws ot'ic.\as. California ;i
and Nl'\v M'-xico amount to 50o.07^ -quart' miles. The I
, of tho.^c several tiau> i.-, a  I h.ivr t.lrea.U stated, !
• 923.07s square miles. Now. th4 population oi "the tret; 'j
States amount-* to about and that of the >lave I
States to S/ .:.J.00y. Pj ov id.-d the .sod ot Tca.h, New yicx- ,,
reo, and Cahiorrwa, i- of equal value, and that the wholo I
people of the Somli are inh-re>led in slavery, a divi-mn ae- '
eoidine io population would lequiie thai squaie 1
miles should be l.ec. and that 3^0,563 -quaiemiles should be
slave territory-. Give Ttxas the hi-e she hn< assuuit d, and !-
extend ^lavt'!y no tuither. and the ?laveholdinj; population '
will have much n>oie than their proportion of the whole tor- ' ■
; ritorv. You g-ivc for purposes of entire freedom ,">-26.078 i
i miles* and jeavfi {or siavery wuhinthe hunts oi Texas I
1 3^/,000 square nnles." Ii
In reply to this part of the gentleman's speech, H
' (Mr. B. continued,) he must say that he was some- j'
j what pleased to find that the member from the '!
; JNTorth was willing, orthathe indicated adisposition I!
to rest the adjustment of the question upon pnn- il
: ciples of equality and light between the different |l
i sections of the Confederacy. And if such were I;
! the disposition, he (Mr. B.) felt satisfied that, by a ^
brief review of the acquisitions which had been •'
, made at dilTerentperiods of our history, it would ap-
■ pear that the South, in demanding thirty-six de-
 c.  ty-i...,.
rees thirty minutes as the line of division in reccnt
acquisitions, was demanding less than she was
entitled to, even upon the basis of the gentleman's
own statements. These acquisitions consisted of
Florida, Louisiana, Oregon, and Texas. The total
number of square miles, from a statement before
him, attached to the most recent map he had seen '
excluding from the estimate fractions of thousands' [
he found to be one million seven hundred and fifty- f
!j one thousand. Of this, the North had received
■ ; Nebraska, and Mmesoia, the Indian or Missouri
' Territory, and Oregon—the tour containing a su-
1 perfieies of one million three hundred andlhirtv-
i four thousand square miles. ^
ii The South, m Texas, Florida, Louisiana, Mis-
souri,and Arkansas,had received only fourhundted
and seventeen thousand square miles.
According to thegentleman'sestimate of the pop-
ulation of the free, and slave States, (excluding
fiactions of a million, which, if included, would
operate in favor of this statement,) the North would
be entitled to six-tenths; the South to four-tenths.
Now, add the area of California and New Mexico'
containing six hundred and fifty thousand square
miles, and it would appear, to make good her share
of four-tenths, the South must receive five hun-
dred and forty-three thousand four hundred square
miles, whilst the North could only claim one hun-
dred and six thousand six hundted square miles.
Thus the South would receive considerably less
ur.der the Missouri compiomise extended to the
Pacific, than she was entitled to claim, according to
such division as the gentleman had indicated.0 It
would be observed, that m this statement he had
made no estimate of that magnificentdomam, which
! at the request of this Government Virginia had
| voluntarily surrendered with the proviso, that it
| should be reserved for free labor.
| He would now advert very briefly to some re-
| marks which had been made a few days ago by
| the gentleman fiom Indiana, [Mr. Thompson.]
! But before he did so, he (Mr. B.) must be per-
! mitted to say that the noble, manly, and patriotic
j spirit which had been manifested by that gentle-
! man in the discussion of the questions to which
he referred, met his hearty approbation. And dis-
senting as he (Mr. B.) did from many of the
positions assumed by that gentleman, he could not
i withhold his expression of the approbation which
i he felt for the spirit which characterized the entire
i speech.
j The gentleman remarked:
] "Hill the records of the Ilou-e showed that twent}-six
; gentlemen of the Democratic pain from the slave States,
j lepre.-euting slave constituencies/voted to order the main
, question, and force the House to a direct vote upon the
. qite.-tron, ruzrwLM the earnest remonstrance.-* and direct vote
of twenty-eight Whigs and ten Demociats flora the slave
, States.''
! And (continued Mr. B.) in reply to an interrog-
I atory put to him by a colleague of mine, [Air.
: Meade,] the gentleman said:
"What of it? ji asked by the gentleman from Tnginia,
; (continued Mr. T.) Tin-*: jon have ahvny* denied thru
I Conyios has any jurisdiction over the que-uon, oi winch
! you loreed in to take jiuisdietion by \oin own vote, when
j we wanted to >tave icofl and not vote at all unless the prop-
I osition w i? modified.
| '• Mr. Meape rose to say a word, hut 
j " Mr. Thompson deciiind to jield,and begged that gen-
[ tlem«-ii would not interrupt him.
'< When the cun-c- Che -aid) oncc in court, and joii have
} taken j:in-dirtiou of it. you mn> decide eitbei'fot theelaim-
j ant oi asam?t him; but when you have no juusdiction, jou
have no power to d< c-ide either wav By pre-^rnff tin? qucs-
! tion upon us,\ou have iuhniUed the luriMhctuni of Congiess
i over slavery within the District oi Columbia."
i This (Mr. B. continued) appeared to him to be
very extraordinary language; and the illustration
to which the gentleman had alluded was exceed-
! mgly unfortunate. He (Mr. B.) was familiar with
no plea in the practice of the common law which
could bear the slightest analogy to the previous
question here. But he knew "that a plea to the
jurisdiction at law found its type in a motion here
to lay on the table. When this resolution, upon
which the gentleman from Indiana was comment-
ing, was offered, the South was advised by her
counsel on this floor, in the motion of the gentle-
man from Georgia, [Mr. Haralson,] to file that
plea to the jurisdiction of Congress. A motion
was made to lay on the table that resolution, and
it failed by the vote of the North.
"When that plea had been overruled, and the
House had decided that it would take juusdiction,
probably he might say that the South resorted to
I one other plea which might, in its effects, bear
| some slight analogy to the previous question,
j They filed a plea of nul del record. Under that
1 plea, the House came to a direct vote upon the
! question. The South was willing to let it lest
] upon the constitutional power which Congress
I had to legislate over slavery in the District of Co-
j lumbia, and the expediency of so doing. So far
| from giving jurisdiction to this House, the South
j opposed it. So far from obtaining or desiring to
I do anything improper or inconsistent with the hi-
