1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tercsts or rights of the North, all the South asked
was, that this House, North and South, would
vote upon the question of the constitutional power
of this Government over slavery in the District of
Columbia.
The gentleman from Indiana then proceeded to
say:
« Before lie proceeded to notice particularly what the reso-
lution wa?, lie wished to remark that there wm  one feature
of this tian-actirm which «trtiok hts mind a« rather curious:
that was, that ultra-slavery men on that side of the House,
and ultra-anti-slaverv men on this &ide coalesced ; that They
got together in preying thi.-. quer-tion upon the action of the
Hou<e. How they got together, he did not understand. Per-
haps before this session of Congress expired, they would get
together again. ' Nous verrons.9 "
Mr. B. continued. Looking: to the whole tenor
of the speech, the inference was irresistible that he
was charged as an ultra pro-slavery man of the
South, coalescing with the ultra-abolition feeling
of the North; that to the extent of the humble in-
strumentality with which he was clothed, he was a
confederate in forcing Congressional action, the
tendency of which was to loosen the ligaments by
which the Union was bound together, and to widen
the breach in whose dark abyss the Constitution
itself, with all its limitations, was threatened to be
entombed.
He might perhaps be pardoned for adverting for
a few moments to the history of the question of
slavery. Its origin was anterior to the formation
of our Constitution. A feeling of opposition to
slavery originated, he believed, in the pure and
undefiled philanthropy of those who thought that
the requirements of their religion imposed up®n
them the necessity of advocating its abolition.
This feeling, upon the adoption of fhe Federal
Constitution prohibiting the importation of slaves,
and thus removing from its pathway the great ob-
stacle of pecuniary interest, in connection with the
fact that the climate of the northern States rendered
slave labor unprofitable, speedily effected the eman-
cipation of slaves throughout the Noith. The
triumph thus won naturally led to a desire, on the
part of those entertaining these opinions, to extend
the sphere of their humane operations beyond the
jurisdiction of these States; and this Government
was sought to be made the agent by which to ac-
complish their object. Consequently, in the earlier
periods of our history, straggling petitions from
the northern and eastern States, signed by iso-
lated individuals, reached the table of this House
praying for the abolition of slavery in the District
of Columbia. But so universal, so wide-spread
was the determination then in every section of the
Confederacy to abide by the written guarantees
and compromises of our compact, that these peti-
tions were "quietly inurned" there, whence they
never came. They seemed to have excited so little
interest as not for a moment to have ruffled the
smooth current of our political action.
In the year 1819, when Missouri applied to be
admitted into the Confederacy as a State, the saga-
city of political leaders, discovering the tremendous
fever which the agitation of this question placed
within their control, courted its then unholy alli-
ance; for this feeling, like all other human pas-
sions, however pure in its origin, assumed in its
progress the features of a dark and damning fanat-
icism. The first great battle for political ascendcn-
cy "in this Confederacy was fought by political
interests banded under the specious garb of this
mistaken philanthropy. The. contest came. The
boldest heart trembled beneath the rockings of the
storm. The throes of the mighty struggle, like
the waves of ocean, were felt throughout the cir-
cumference of our land. The spirit of our fathers
fled forever. There was not found on the floor
of the American Congress patriotism or firmness
sufficient to defend the integrity of the Constitu-
tion against the assault of this factious combina-
tion of interests. In the vain hope that the power
of the giant might be stayed—in the idle expecta-
tion that in the timid councils of concession safety
from future aggression would be found, 36° 30'
"was tendered as a compromise, in whose rich soil
of peace the olive of reunion might flourish in last-
ing beauty. How well this expectation has been
justified, let the history of the present Congress
tell.
Satisfied ? No; far from it. The spirit of fanat-
icism just felt its power; the concession became
only a stepping-stone from which it leaped onward
in its cateer with a velocity unequaled before.
Again the locsm sounded. The warrior clans again
assembled. Like the Vandal chief, this spirit of
aggression pointing with the one hand to the sterile
province conquered on the steppes of the Alps, with
the other pointed her followers to the rich Italian
plains—the scene of future victories. Then com-
menced the flood-tide of petitions, not from isolated
individuals, but from organized societies. The
mails were sought to be made the medium for
transmission of incendiary publications. The public
mind was excited by constant discussions. The
household altar of the Virginia master was stained
by the blood of his children. The South, stung to
madness by these incessant attacks, but clinging
even in the retchings of her despair to the plighted
faith of her contract, asked in mercy from the Gov-
ernment some protection from these insidious as-
saults.
The celebrated 21st rule was adopted, and from
that period a new ally was folded to the bosom of
political abolitionism..
The second great battle was to be fought under
the name of the high, the sacrcd, the American
right of petition. The contest came; theSlst rule
was repealed. And here he must be permitted to
say, that the glare of its triumph, or the bright-
ness of its armor, seems to have blinded some of
the sentinels upon guard in this Chamber, for in
the shout of victory the voice of southern men was
heard.
The acquisitions made from Mexico again band-
ed together in unity of political action all the ele-
ments of opposition to slavery. The contest of
1848 for the Piesidency was fought by all parties
with reference to thisqucstion. If Mr. Van Buren,
the peculiar representative of free soil doctrines,
obtained but an inconsiderable vote, the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Smart] informed us that he was
defeated in his State because the regular Demo-
cratic party succeeded in convincing the people
that they were more consistent advocates than he
of these same doctrines. Was there a gentleman
on this floor who would deny that the success of
the Cnief Magistrate elect was owing to the belief
entertained throughout the free States, that he
would not interpose his veto upon the action of
this House in carrying out the Wilmot proviso?
With these facts before us, Congress had scarcely
assembled j befoie the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Gidding*.] introduced his propositions to abolish
slavery in the District of Columbia. It was true,
they were laid upon the table; but the fact stared
him in the face, that there were on this floor sev-
enty-nine members who were willing to go even
to the extent of his propositions.
Mr. HENLEY interposed, and asked leave to
put a question.
Mr. BEALE having yielded for the purpose—
Mr. HENLEY inquired whether the gentleman
understood those who voted with the gentleman
from Ohio as being willing to go the whole extent
of that gentleman's propositions?
Mr. BEALE. I did.
Mr. HENLEY. I cannot make any explana-
tion now. I will do so at some other time.
Mr. BEALE continued. He now came to the
resolution of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Gott.] Afterendeavoring in vain to lay that propo-
sition on the tabic, after presenting every plea upon
which the South could rely for protection, aware
of the spirit which was abroad in our land, aware
of the influences under which party organizations
had been formed, he (Mr. B.) for one was willing
and anxious that gentlemen should show upon
the record here, how far they were prepared to go
upon this question. If gentlemen preferred the
nomenclature, he wished to see what was the ex-
tent of pro-slavery men here; he wished to see the
measure of political abolition here. He knew that
a partisan press had already raised the raven cry
of disunion. He knew that its tones were now
being reverberated from every hill and through
every vale of this vast Confederacy. They were
seeking to fix upon his brow the brand of dis-
unionist.
Let them rail on. He hoped ever to have the
firmness to pursue, undeterred by assaults from
every quarter, the course which the dictates of his
judgment pointed out to him as right. He pro-
fessed to be catholic in his feelings in reference to
all the great interests, to all the just rightsof every
section of the Union. He had from earliest in-
fancy nourished and cherished sentiments of deep
veneration for this noblest work of the noblest
men. But he repudiated the idea that the vitality
of union was to be found in the written chaiv
ter, It lived, it moved, it breathed it} the spirit of
the American people. The ark of its safety, alike
with the hope of its preservation, was found in the
bosom of the American citizen. Remove thence
its altar, and its divinity was gone. Probably the
lifeless idol might be worshipped for a time under
the accustomed forms of devotion, but i(s spirit
would be powerless to control the action, impotent
to direct the energies of this great people. Even
now a false bigotry was bending over its shrine,
wnh professions of profound devotion to the high
mandates of its law, which, in the language of the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr, Thompson,] was an
enemy to its public welfare and public peace.
Sensibly alive to the crowded list of glories
which, like constellations of jight, had illumined
our path thus far—looking, with anxiety and
solicitude most intent, to the nobler achievements
and higher triumphs in all that pertained to the
progress of civil liberty and the promotion of social
happiness destined to be accomplished in the future
by its continuance,—he had hailed, with feelings
of grateful sensibility, every proposition to adjust
these difficulties upon some basis satisfactory to
the public mind, and which the States might accept
without a sacrifice of principle and of honor.
He could refer confidently to every proposi-
tion for adjustment made here to sustain him in
the assertion. Although he had always held, as
a part of his political faith, that the people of the
States, and not the supreme judicial tribunal of
the Union, were to be the final arbiters in all po-
litical differences, yet upon this subject he was
willing to sacrifice this opinion, and to leave the
question to be decided by the Supreme Court—
willing to bow, in cheerful submission, to that de-
cision. He would still hail with delight all propo-
sitions looking to its adjustment on a satisfactory
basis, come from what quarter they might. . And
in this connection, he would appeal to the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Thompson] to say whether
he could point to a single occasion in which, .upon
the merits of this question, he had everfound the
pro-slavery men voting with the extreme aboli-
tionists? He (Mr. B.) believed there was no such
instance. And he claimed for the South at least
the credit of attempting to tender to the North the
olive branch of peace. But when all propositions
had failed, when the alternative was presented of
direct submission to what he regarded as wrong,
he would stand to his colors undeterred by the
desertion of friends, unterrified by the hostility of
those who were opposed to him, and would leave
the future to write his epitaph.
The committee proceeded to consider the bill by
items for amendment.
Mr. J. R, INGERSOLL moved an amendment
after the 10th line, to insert an item of $1,500 for
the salary of a professor of mines.
He said there was now no such professorship;
and he spoke of the important advantages that
would result from such an establishment in the
increase of knowledge relative to mining, and in
the foundation of a museum, which would be the
result.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to add, after
the item for forage for officers' horses §Q,496, a
proviso that the forage shall not be allowed unless
the horses are actually kept.
He said the bill would have the effect to pay to
the officers at the Military Academy commutation *
for forage for horses for which they had no use,
and which they did not keep. If their salaries
weie not sufficiently large, let them be increased
by direct provision.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. POLLOCK renewed the proposition of Mr.
Ikgersoll for the establishment of a professorship
of mines, with a salary of $1,400.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, raised the point that
the proposition having been made and rejected, it
was not in order to renew it.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment in
order.
Mr. POLLOCK briefly advocated the amend-
ment. The professorship (he said) would not
only embrace mineralogy, geology, and many
branches of science, but the science of mining,
which had become one of the most important, not
only in relation to California, but to every State of
the Union.
Mr. STANTON said he behaved that the pro-
