396
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 30,
is said on both sides. A Senator can force both
papers to become the medium of making the truth
public,and any necessary explanations, which will
go to their readers by a speech here. Sir, I regard
this as a most important consideration. I hold it
to be a step towards the reformation of the public
press, or rather a preventive against its becoming
unjustly and unfairly the means of partisan mis-
representation, which is of immense consequence.
I do not say the papers here would, without
this system, certainly garble unfairly or misrep-
resent speakers, or the conduct or course of Sen-
ators here; though we have had, in former times,
complaints of papers similarly situated having been
guilty of abuses m this respect; and we all know
that the papers have suppressed generally, before
this system, (I mean not published,) the speeches
of members of the opposite party to them. It high
party times should .spring up, the temptation, under
cxcited political feelings, to adopt such unfair and
illiberal means would be strong. Sir, I am satis-
fied the intelligent people of this country will ap-
preciate the benefits that result now, and will
hereafter m a greater degree, as the system is im-
proved by expenence, from this effect alone, as
worth ten times the amount it now costs; and,
though I shall soon cease to be a member of this
body, I shall, as a citizen, deeply regret its abro-
gation.
As to errors and mistakes that occur in the
reports, in my judgment the reports are as good,
and a great deal better than, under the circum-
stances, and on the introduction of the system,
could be expected. They are much better than
those of last session. We all know that half the
time Senators on one side of the Chamber do not
hear distinctly all that is said on the other side,
unless the Senator speaking laises his voice, and
the places provided for the two reporters are in the
very worst position to hear; they are perched up
there (pointing to the reporters' seats) in back
corners, and most inconveniently for them, and
but one reporter can report for each paper, and no
room is furnished them in the Capitol in which to
write out their remarks for the papers, so as to
submit them at once to Senators for revision. I
have generally, when I cared about what I have
said here being reported at all, piocured their notes
and written them out fully and revised and corrected
them. Still i have not prevented errors and mis-
takes in such revised remarks, for which I do not
blame them. X know it is impossible in any case
or under any system to avoid them. A ludicrous
instance of this I will state. The other day, in
alluding to the folly of keeping up the live-oak
plantation and reservations in Florida at an enor-
mous expense, I said " one citizen with a musket
was worth a million of live-oak trees in the defence
of the country,'* (Sec., and it is printed in both
papers "one citizen with a market," &c. This
was my fault, all owing to my illegible scribbling
in the correction of the notes, which the typog-
rapher, I suppose, thought read pretty well as
"market," and so he put it in. As I had a severe
cold when I spoke, I was not astonished that the
reporters did not hear me distinctly. Doubtless
the system may be improved. Increase the com-
pensation, provide good seats for the reporters, and
enable them to be increased in number by the
editors of the papers, give them a room near the
Chamber in which to make up their reports at
once, and where Senators can revise them at once,
and it is the best system, in my judgment, that can
be devised. When I came here 1 was in favor of
abrogating the system of contracting for public
printing, and preferred the establishment of a public
printing office to the plan of electing Congressional
printers. I have changed my mind on this subject
also, and am now in favor of electing printers. If
pursued and judiciously carried out, it is, I am sat-
isfied, the best. It is a bond f'^m the publishers
of papers in this city for their good behaviour and
for giving correct information to the public, and
weakens the power of the press heie by litcieusing
its responsibility to the just and liberal of both
parties m Congress. Abolish it, and the press here,
being necessarily the chief medium of Congres-
sional information to which the people look, will
have no restraint on party partiality and party pre-
judice, and will be unfair, and partial, and unjust
to those out of their party; and, if entirely uncon-
trolled, they will become a nuisance to their own
party.
Mr. NILESwas understood to say that he sup-
posed this was an occasion on which all the Sen-
ators were expccted to come forward and tell their
, experience. [Laughter.] He had almost always
| been misrepresented by reporters as to matters of
fact, matters of substance, forms of expression,
and choice of language; and, after what had taken
place in the Senate in regard to reporting within
the last two years, he did not hesitate to say that
no system which could be adopted would be enti-
tled to reliance, unless reports of the remarks made
were submitted to the Senatois who made them for
their revision and correction. The reporters (con-
tinued Mr. N.) very often do not hear what the
speaker says, and, as they think they must report
something—must give him a few words, they put
such a speech in his mouth as in their judgment
they think proper and right, relying upon their
knowledge of the subject, and their sagacity for
getting at the gist of what the speaker utters. It
must be obvious to all that such a system of re-
porting must be attended with much uncertainty,
and give rise to many and pernicious errors, if
the papers had a sufficient number of leporters, so
that they could get out their reports and hand them
• round to Senators for supervision during the session,
I all errors might be avoided. Unless this can be done,
! or at least unless some means can be devised by
which Senators will be enabled to examine and cor-
rect the reports of their remai ks before they are pub-
lished, no system of reporting which we may
adopt will be good for anything whatever. With-
out this, no dependence can be placed upon any
system.
In regard to this resolution, I would say that I
shall vote for the inquiry. Perhaps the Senator
from Pennsylvania is right in saying that it should
be rcfeired to the Committee to Audit and Control
the Contingent Expenses of the Senate, inasmuch
as the money paid for these reports is drawn from
that fund. As one of that committee, however, I
wish to have nothing to do with this matter. That
committee now have under consideration a resolu-
' tion in regard to the scope and construction of the
: resolution adopted at the last session, under the
i authority of which these reports are now made.
I apprehend that these publishers have gone
much too far m their construction of that resolu-
tion. They have embodied every document and
paper read here m their reports, and I suppose ex-
pect to be paid for them as a part of the reports.
This, I thmk, is not in accordance with the views
entertained by the Senate when that resolution was
adopted.
In regard to the remarks of my honorable friend
from Florida, I must say that his arguments in
favor of continuing the present system of reporting
were of a most extraordinary character. He says
that the country will be greatly benefited by con-
J necting the interests of the publishers of the two
; leading presses of this city with the proceedings of
Congress, by giving them the publication of the
debates, inasmuch as we shall be able to hold them
in check and discipline them, and make them both
act like decent men. He says that the 14 Intelli-
gencer" will become less of a party paper than
heretofore, and so will the "Union." I do not
quite concur with my friend from Florida. I think
the " Intelligencer" is much what it has been for
the last forty years, conducting itself with energy,
dignity, and propriety, as the organ of the great
Whig party, what it ought to be. I think that the
" Union" has changed some, and I am sorry to
say, it has changed for the worse. Instead of be-
ing, as it assumes to be, the organ of a great party,
it has become merely the organ of a section of a
party, the fragment of a party, a sort of one-sided
party, favoring organized combinations in opposi-
tion to the action of Congress and the perpetuity
of this Union. Now, if the honorable Senator
from Florida thinks this is an improvement in the
character of that paper, I wish him to have the
full benefit of that fact. I do not consider it an
improvement.
The leinainder of the honorable Senator's re-
marks was not distinctly heard. He was under-
stood to say, that if the leading papers of this city
were to be regarded as the organs of a great party,
they should not rely upon the patronage of a sec-
u tion. The beneficial results spoken of by the Sen-
;; ator from Florida might possibly arise, but, for his
part, he could not see any great good that would
result to the country from taking these two presses
under the especial guardianship of the Senate. On
ii the contrary, he thought the influence exercised
over them would be bad, and in that respect he
was opposed to the whole system. Still, he thought
it was very important that some means should be
devised by which accurate reports of the proceed-
ingsof the Senate could be furnished to the country.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, there is no difl
ference of opinion between myself and the honor-
able Senator from Indiana m relation to this sub-
ject of reporting. I agree entirely with him that
it is extremely desirable that the country should
be put in possession immediately of the general
forcc of the sayings and doings of this body. {
was decidedly in favor of the adoption of this sys-
tem at the last session of the Senate. My reso-
lution does not propose to discontinue the present
contract. It is simply a resolution of inquiry.
Now, if it be important that the country should
be put in possession of what is said and done here,
it follows, with irresistible and conclusive force,
that what is presented to the country as having
been done and said here should be that thing
which it purports to be. Undoubtedly the Senate
did not contemplate, when this contract Wds en-
tered into, that the whole purpose was satisfied,
provided something was presented as having been
said by the members of this body. They intended
that, in substance, that should be published which
had been said. Well now, sir, we have the evi-
dence all around us that this has not been done;
and the only purpose of this resolution is, that
some committee shall institute an inquiry into the
subject. If this can be remedied, the Senator from
Indiana is not a bit more in favor of the system
than I am. I am decidedly 111 favor, earnestly m
favor of it; but I think it is but leasonable, it is
the lowest degree of performance which we can
expect to receive m return for the money paid for
publishing our debates, that gentleman shall not be
represented here as saying things which they have
never said—things absurd, contradictory, and fool-
ish. I have specified one instance wheiein I have
been nnsreported, but not because I thought it of
especial importance. Why, sir, I could specify
like instances in almost every one of the few cases
upon which I have submitted remarks during this
session. I should have supposed, from seeing
these misreports m the "Intelligencer," that it
was owing to some want of clearness of enuncia-
tion on my part, that my language was not such
as could be correctly understood, that my sentences
were not constructed in due order and with logical
precision, and that I had a hesitating, agitated,
confused mode of speaking, so that I could not be
understood; but when I have seen these cases of
misrepresentation in the "Intelligencer,"! have
turned to the "Union," and have almost uniform-
ly found that, by some accident or other, what I
have said has been reported in that paper sub-
stantially as I said it.
I do not complain because the phraseology of
gentlemen who speak here is regularly translated
into the version of the reporter, though every man
has some preference for his own mode of express-
ing his ideas; but what I complain of is, that state-
ments are published as having been made by gen-
tlemen here which never were made, in form or
substance, and sometimes directly contradictory to
statements heard and understood by every member
of this body. Now, sir, under these circumstances,
I ask, is it not important that some inquiry.should
be made whether these things cannot be corrccted,
and, if they cannot, whether we shall maintainan
expensive system for the purpose of procuring
misreports of what passes in this body?
I entertain no hostility to the present system of
reporting. I do not propose to discontinue it. I
would not vote to discontinue it. But I think it is
due to ourselves, under such circumstances, alter
the frequent complaints heard here during the pies-
ent session, that at least some inquiry should be
instituted m relation to this subject. After all that
has been said, shall we continue to have ourstlves
reported as we have been heretofore? Aie we con-
tent to have these misrepresentations go forth to
thecountiy? i, for one, am not. I would waive
all objection to it freely and willingly, and ask
these gentlemen not to notice anything that I say.
Generally, what I speak I speak to the Senate;
and if I should ever make a speech, as it is called,
to Buncombe, I would put myself to the trouble
of having it reported, or I would write it out my-
self. But the contract is to report everybody; apd
I must confess that, not having the high and estab-
lished reputation which some gentlemen have, to
