1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
399
have at his command. I know that there is
also in this city a large mass of documentary in-
formation of American origin, with which we, per-
haps, are not all yet familiar, which might gieatly
aid use inquiries of any committee which we may
raise at this tune, and enable us to determine in a
manner satisfactory to ourselves and the country
whether we shall act more wisely in selecting a
railroad across the Isthmus of Panama, instead of
seeking transit across the isthmus of Tehuantepec;
or whether we would not act more wisely still m
declining any such contract as that urged upon us
with any association of individuals whatsoever.
I do know, Ivlr. President, that the state of pub-
lic sentiment in various parts of the Confederacy in
relation to the measuie now so earnestly lecom-
mended to us is such as impeiiou&iy to tequire a
moie thorough investigation of this whole subject
than it is possible it should have yet received.
This is equally evident from publications in lead-
in"- newspapers, and from statements in letters
received by membeis of this body from gentlemen
of the highest intelligence in every Suae of the
Union. Why, then, should we precipitate our
action? Why should we " prefer darkness rather
than light?" Why should' we rush upon the
adoption of a measure which may, lor aught we
know to the contrary, produce consequences infi-
nitely more serious than any mere pecuniary loss?
Can we not delay a day or two more? Are we
apprehensive that we shall be in more danger of
acting unwisely should we decide to act with per-
fect circumspection? Do any of us fear additional
developments or fact ? For my part, though com-
mitted to no scheme or plan whatsoever, having
no project of my own to bung forwaid, nor under
promise to advocate here or elsewhere the project
of any other individual or association of individ-
uals, 1 am willing, yea, resolved, to look into the
whole subject calmly, patiently, astutely if possi-
ble, m order to understand what may be the uue
policy of the country, and having ascertained it, to
assist m carrying it into execution.
Mr. BENTON. There is a fundamental objec-
tion to any inquiry in relation to this suggested
project, as to its advantages or disadvantages, on
the part of the Congress of the United Stales; and
that is, that they have lawfully nothing at all to
do with it. The political and legal question pre-
cedes all questions of a geographical character.
We all know that we ha\e entered into no treaty
stipulations with Mexico tor the enjoyment ot the
right of way across the Isthmus ot Tehuantepec.
We all know something beyond that-, and that is,
that Mexico has pereinptonly refused to grant us
«ven a particle ot a privilege upon the subject.
We all know that, at the time Mr. Trist had the
negotiation of the treaty in hand, and at the time
it was concluded, Mexico peremptorily refused to
grant one inch of the right of way across the isth-
mus. In consequence of this tact, we undertook
to negotiate with New Granada lor the right ot
way across the Isthmus of Panama. This nego-
tiation was successful. She signed a treaty con-
ferring that right; the United States signed n also;
and it was unanimously coufiimed by this body.
The question now before us is, shall we exeicibe
the privilege winch we gained under that treaty,
thus negotiated and confirmed? The obstacle now
presented to action under that treaty, in reference
to the right of way, is, that there may be a better
way obtained possibly through the Republic of
Mexico, and across the Isthmus of Tehuantepec.
Better or worse, Mr. President, what is that to usr
1 do not enter into the question ot better or worse.
We have no right, no treaty stipulation. That is
enough for us. Mexico has refused to grant us the
privilege, and we shall be mtrudeis and tiespassers
to go there without a treaty stipulation, and may be
ordered off. I believe, sir, that 1 have read about
as much as has been written upon the subject of
the Isthmus of Tehuantepec, from the time that
Gortez had his first interview with the Emperor
Montezuma; and when, full of that idea upon
which Columbus had sailed west with all his fol-
lowers, he proceeded himself to follow out the idea
of getting to the east by proceeding west—when
he asked him whether there was any commu-
nication through his dominions to Lhe sea, the
Emperor informed him of the nearest mode of
passage, and biought out for Cortez's inspection
the geography of his domains, showing him the
boundaries ot the isthmus, and the approaches by
water on both sides, in nearly the same manner
in which it is exhibited in modern geographies.
So well was the isthmus then known, that when
Cortez discovered the Gulf, which bore his name,
and which should properly bear it now, the slaps
that made the voyage weie carried across the
isthmus in pieces. More than that: when the
Castle of San Juan of Ulua was furnished with
guns, part of them were brought from the Phil-
ipine Islands across this isthmus.
But, sir, we ali know that this Government
offered an immense sum of money to Mexico for
this right of way, and that all applications upon
the subject have been peremptorily rejected. Now,
after this refusal on the part of Mexico, if she finds
this Government employed in doing the/very thing
she has refused us peimission to do, will she not
resist the usui pation un our part with all the means
m her power? 1 state this as the preliminary
objection—an objection more impossible to over-
come than the barrier which divide* the Atlantic
and Pacific Oceans from each other. In what I
have said, Mr. President, I speak for myself. I
say that 1 have read eveiything, from the time of
Cortez's first interview with the Emperor Mon-
tezuma and his first letter to Charles the Fifth
on the subject, to the present day. I know the
isthmus, and I know that we have no right to go
there. We are politically and legally interdicted
from going theie. Because, then, ot the political
and legal views of the question which Ihave bnefly
stated, I feci myself interdicted fiom making any
inquiry upon the subject whatsoever; wholly so.
Now, Mr. President, with respect to the nature
of this route. The bill which is before the Senate
is to supply an immediate and temporary want.
We now have possessions on the Pacific coast of
our continent, and we desire to have communica-
tion with those possessions. We wish communi-
cation now for immediate use, and besides that,
we desire another for future permanent use. The
bill which is before the Seriate is to provide us
with that communication—a communication neces-
sary to be used immediately, and which, with
respect to us, will be a temporary measure.
It is now about thirty years since I first took up
the idea of a communication between the Pacific
and Atlantic for commercial purposes.^ It had been
brought forward by Mr. Jellerson, alter La Salle.
It is about thirty years since I took up the idea
where Mr. Jefieison left it off; since which tune
my mind has been occupied with the project of an
American road to India by a route which shall go
through our own dominion, and, although -totally
eclipsed by the modern projectois or such roads, I
have been very laboriously occupied for about
thirty years m collecting information necessary to
establish such a road—as to what is necessary for
the establishment of an American road—one which
I happened to say, and wrote it down full thirty
years ago, might be established immediately with
the aid of the Federal Government; and, even with-
out that aid, would be eventually established by
the progress of events and the force of cucumstan-
ces. 1 wrote down those words, sir, and had them
printed full thiriy years ago. I have therefore
paid some attention to this subject; and, in all that
I have done upon this bill, I have had my eyes
steadily fixed upon two gieat blanches of the ques- ;
tjon—an immediate road for instant use, and a
permanent road for the use of ourselves and of our
posterity, for all time to come, through the heart
of our country, and which shall be an American
road. In undertaking, and in entering, as I have
done, cheerfully and cordially, into the spirit of a
bill which promises the quickest accomplishment
of a passage over the Isthmus of Panama, across
the continent at its nanowest point, I have consid-
ered it only as a part of a great system—only as a
step, a preliminary step—only as a something to
be used temporarily until we can accomplish our
own great work. As the bill fiist came into the
Senate, it provided for the continuance of the con-
tract for twenty years; as the amendment now
stands, the time is reduced to ten years, and may
be put an end to after that period by joint resolu-
, tion of the two Houses of Congress. Well, sir, I
I like the amendment better than the original. We
I can use this projected road for ten years, and if at
the end of that time we have an American road
ready, we can put an end to the contract and use
our own road; if we have not, we may let rt stand
untrl the next yeas, and the next, and so on until
we have our own road ready.
Sir, I consider this temporary road—for us it is
temporary, for other nations, it may be perma-
nent—across the Isthmus of Panama as a step
towards the accomplishment of the great design
which Mr. Jefferson conceived after La Salle, and
for the accomplishment of which I have been col-
lecting information and studying the details for
thirty years. I intend to bring in a bill for com-
mencing the construction of such a road. My view
is not changed, I regard this route across the
Isthmus of Panama as a temporary way, to be
used only until we get our own. I am for no per-
manent road outside of my own country. I am
for no permanent foreign road over America, either
across the Isthmus of Darien or Tehuantepec, or
anywhere else. I am only for temporary meas-
ures with respect to any of them, and 1 am for
taking the one which can be got first. If we under-
take to institute a comparison between different
routes, even tf we have a leg-a! and political right
to do so, the very object for which 1 want a road
outride of our own country is lost. J want no
permanent road outside of our own country. I
have no idea of doing anything permanent outside
of our own country.. 1 have no idea of going into
any expenditure or bargain or arrangement for
such a road, which is to continue for a moment
after we are in a condition to use our own. I am
in the situation, in regard to this road, of a man
who has no house: he goes into shelter until helms
time to build a house. I am in the situation of a
man who has to cioss a creek on a log; he uses the
log until he has time to build a bridge. The whole
plan and conception of the bill which I support turns
on the idea of prompt use and possession while we
aie without a road of our own. Sir, should we not
present a pretty figure in undertaking to make a
road through the dominions of any Power, for the
transportation of persons, or for the transportation
of military and naval supplies, without the per-
mission of that Government? What would be-
come of it, sir, if we should enter into this exami-
nation and determine to invest some millions of
dollars, no matter how many, in making a road
across the Isthmus of Tehuantepec, and when
done the Mexican Government should say, In ex-
pending your money here you have made a mis-
take; you applied for permission to make this road,
and were refused, you nevertheless went on and
made the road; we will enjoy the benefit of it; we
are much obliged to you lor the money which you
have laid out for our benefit? Mr. President, I do
not go back to the topography of this isthmus. I
believe I know it pretty well. I believe I have
studied it in the letters of Cortez to the Emperor
Chailes the Fifth, and in the luminous woik of
Humboldt, and in something since. But I have no
use for that knowledge now. A preliminary ques-
tion shuts it out—the political and legal question.
We have no right to do it, and that shuts it out
from all consideration with me.
Mr. DOWNS. I was in hopes that the refer-
ence of this bill would be made, for we are cer-
tainly too much m the dark to act promptly upon
so grave a matter. Doubtless, the Senator from
Missouri, upon this subject as upon many others,
is belter informed than some other Senatois, but
I must suppose, Mr. President, that as he has not
yet given to the Senate information which is satis-
factory to my mmd at least on this subject, his
information is not so full as it ought to be before
the Senate decide upon this matter. The honor-
able Senator from Missouri wants to act immedi-
ately; he wants the work done quickly. I am m
in favor of prompt action myself. 1 would like
prompt action in relation to other important ques-
tions, but there is such a thing as going too fast,
and we very often go too fast here, sir. We vote
millions of dollars without seeming to know what
we are doing. This brll, as I understand, em-
biaces two millions and a half of dollars, to be
expended upon a contract which is to continue for
ten years. I have serious doubts whether it will
be advisable or practicable for the Government,
even if it were done, to use this road. I have still
greater doubts whether a better communication
could not be obtained elsewhere, and 1, for one,
am not prepaied to vote for this measure until I
am -satisfied that it is the best route that can be
obtained.
Now, the gentleman from Missouri suggests as
an insuperable political difficulty that we have not
got the legal consent of Mexico to the Tehuante-
pec route. I do not apprehend any difficulty m
that respect. I have endeavored to inform myself,
