400
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 80.
so far as I was able, in regard to this matter, and
I do not find, so far as the facts are open, that any
man is authorized to say that a proper arrange-
ment on this subject may not be made with Mexi-
co. True, it has been rejected once, as has been
stated, but if rejected when application was first
made, it may not be again. Everything is changed
with Mexico since that time. Then the vast com-
merce of the Pacific Ocean was not considered of
so much consequence as it is now by the whole
civilized world; it was not considered of so much
consequence as it is now, when the eyes of the
whole civilized world are turned to the subject. The
policy of Mexico has changed. They may take a
very different view of the subject from that which
was taken eight months ago. I think we have
had some slight warning lately not to go into this
matter very hastily.
I had no expectation that the subject would come
up to-day, or I should have been better prepared
with facts in relation to the subject, but I refer par-
ticularly to the accounts recently brought by the
steamer Crescent City from this great line of com-
munication with the Pacific through Chagres and
Panama. I allude to the difficulty of constructing
a road through that route; not the temporary but
the natural difficulties; the obstacles which nature
herself interposes; the pestilence that exists there,
the unhealthiness of the climate, the almost inter-
minable sickness that prevails, as well as the very
great difficulty of maintaining possession. All these
difficulties come fresh upon my own mind, and I
conceive that the objections to the establishment
of a passage over that route, I do not say that they
are conclusive, but they are sufficient at least to
induce us to pause, to look around us and see
whether we shall not be throwing away the money
in attempting to make this road. At any rate, if
the bill be not referred, I do hope that the Senator
from Missouri, or some other Senator, may be
able to give us satisfactory information upon cer-
tain points connected with the subject.
There are, Mr. President, political questions of
anothercharacterconnected with this subject; there
are reasons why, if a better one can be obtained,
1 do not think this route ought to be selected. We
must have a channel of communication somewhere
leading to the Pacific. In selecting that channel
of communication, we ought to fix it in a place
that will best promote the interests of commerce
and the interests of our country in every respect.
Now, there is one very serious difficulty; we see
it illustrated m the very news that comes up from
that quarter—the proposed route passes directly
under the guns of an English fortress. There it
stands in the route of every steamer that goes to
Chagres. I am not one of those who dread the
power of England, but I must confess that, in a
gpeat thoioughfaie of this kind—calculating the i
possibility that we may have a difficulty with thdt
great nation—I must confess that this is, to my
mind, objectionable, particularly upon a route over
winch we must send our army. It seems to me
that we ought not to place ourselves in this position
m regaid to that nation. Even supposing it to j
be unimportant in a military point of view, in a 1
commercial view it is very important. Estab-
lish this route, and, in my opinion, from the indi-
cations before alluded to, you will have made the
British ports in Jamaica the great depot of the 1
communication between the two oceans. They
have good harbors, and they are in a healthy
position. This will be the place where goods
will be reshipped, instead of that unhealthy place,
Chagres, where strangers are subject to that loath-
some disease which prevails there for a great part |
of the year. And, in consequence of the situation |
of that route, England will enjoy the principal part j
of the advantages derived from it. These are some
of the reasons why I thought we ought not to
proceed hastily, why I wanted to obtain further j
information before being called upon to act on the
subject. Again, sir, I should like to know the
situation, the capacity, and safety of the harbors of
Chagres and Panama. Are they suitable; can they
be made suitable or practicable? In some of the |
information which has come to my knowledge on ,
this subject, it appears, unless I am much misin- J
formed from the report of an able engineer, that !
the present harbor of Chagres is altogether unsuit- I
able for such a purpose. There are many difficul- :
ties in the way. There are dangerous rocks at >
the entrance of the harbor, and the winds and cur- j
rent prevailing there render it unsafe for naviga- ll
tion. I understand that a celebrated French engi-
neer has surveyed the line of coast with a view of
pointing out the most favorable position for the
landing of vessels. These are matters upon which
I admit I have not so much knowledge as I ought
to have, before being called upon to act.
Again, how is it on the Pacific side? Is there
any harbor there? Is there any harbor that can
be made? Is it not a fact that vessels cannot ride
there, but have to lie out seven miles from the
shore, in consequence of shoal water? Another
fact that I am informed of, and which I believe to
be correct, is, that vessels experience great diffi-
culty in leaving port when the wtnd is northwest,
which generally prevails there. I understand that
vessels are detained sometimes for weeks before
they can leave port; but to this detention steam
vessels would not be subject; but the principal
part of the commerce will, for a great length of
time, be carried on in sailing vessels. What will
be the result, then, if vessels may be detained for
weeks together? This is a very important con-
sideration.
Again, Mr. President, I find it suggested in a
rcpoit which I have seen made upon this subject
elsewhere, that it is very important to have a com-
munication across some part of the isthmus, in
consequence of the injury which some classes of
goods undergo by crossing the equator, in their
passage round from one ocean to the other. JNow,
it seems to me that the objection applies with equal
force to a voyage within the tropics. The isthmus
at Chagres is near the equator, and it is a damp
and sickly climate, a journey through which is
much more likely to produce sickness than a sea
voyage. I think this ought to be one of the strong-
est arguments against it. If wc can obtain a route
where it is not so sickly, which would be safer,
and which would be in other respects superior to
this, I think we ought to procure it. I concur in
all the arguments that have been advanced here in
favor of obtaining a speedy communication. 1
know very well it is desirable that it should be ac-
complished as soon as possible; but that is not the
question now. The question is, whether we shall
go on and adopt the proposition which is presented
to us without a full consideration of all the sub-
jects connected with it. 1 think we ought to pause
and examine those subjects. Why should we be
in such a hurry? The gentleman says we want a
passage to the Pacific, and we want it speedily,
because we have vast possessions upon that coast,
and it is necessary to transport supplies and mili-
tary forces. As to supplies, perhaps you may
need some; but I venture to say, that if you get
this communication, and the United States ever
carry a barrel of pork or flour there, it will cost
more than they would have to pay for those articles
there on the spot. There will soon be supplies in
abundance on that coast without carrying them
across the isthmus. Besides, this road cannot be
made in a day; it requires time; and, when the
necessary time does elapse, the demand for neces-
saries there, on the part of the Government, at
any rate, will not be so great as gentlemen seem to
suppose.
There is another consideration connected with
this subject which I think is worthy of attention. |
The policy of our Government has become averse ]
to internal improvement. Now, whatever opinion j
may be entertained upon this subject in relation to
our affairs at home, I certainly think there should
be great caution used when it is proposed to em-
bark in a new scheme of improvement abroad.
Shall it be said that we will refuse to make a small
appropriation to improve the navigation of a river
at home, in which boats are lost every day, and
yet that we shall give two and a half millions at
once for an improvement abroad; and not only ;
this, but we must take it hastily, we must go right j
on, we must swallow it down, just as it is, right j
or wrong? 1 should like to see how gentlemen i
who vote for a measure of this kind, granting two j
millions and a half of dollars at once, cannot vote j
for some little petty improvement at home, such i
as removinga snag or the improvement of a harbor j
where our own people suffer for the want of such :
improvement every day. I do not know, sir, that !
we have got such an abundance of money, that we ,,
are so free from debt, that we are so perfectly rich, i!
that we have got so little use for our money at 1
home, that we must go abroad and make a railroad
for the whole world—for this is a route for the
whole world to cross the isthmus. I do hope, sir,
that this matter will notbe carried through so hast-
ily as the Senator seems to desire. I think it re-
quires serious reflection. Why should we do it at
this moment, when, by the next session of Con-
gress, we can have all the necessary information
on the subject? If this be the best route, there is
no danger that it will not be selected then; if nb©
not, we shall have time to find it out. But, once
go into it, once sign the bond, and there is no de-
parting from it. Having embarked m the work
we must proceed, whether it be advisable or not!
AU I ask is, that we shall obtain the necessary in-
formation; and, if we cannot obtain it at this ses-
sion, that we shall delay the matter until the next
session of Congress, until that information is ob-
tained.
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President, I regret exceed-
ingly that this poor motion of mine, brought for-
ward with the best intentions, and surely most
respectful, both in form and substance, should
have found so little favor in the eyes of the honor-
able Senator from Missouri, and. have provoked
him to so (Jecided an exhibition of fierce and vehe-
ment opposition. That Senator is much more for-
tunate than it is customary for even Senatois to be:
his stock of knowledge is already so large that he
stands in need of no additional information from
any quarter. He has, it seems, read everything
that has been published upon Mexico and Mexi-
can people, their institutions and their manners,
their soil and their climate, their broad expanse of
solid terra firma, and their watery domain of gulfs
and rivers and streamlets—from the period wher*
Cortez and his adventurous band first stepped upon
the shores of this romantic region down to the
dull period of the world's history, in which we are
enacting our humble part in the grand draina of
human life.
Yes, sir, everything containing instruction wor-
thy of acquisition, whether book, pamphlet, or
| newspaper, seeking to give the world a single new
idea about Mexico and her people, which has ever
yet seen the light—all, all have been devoured by
the honorable Senator from Missouri, yea, and
thoroughly digested too. Pie stands in need of no
additional information upon any point involved in
the measure under consideration. He has been
specially exploring the mysteries connected with the
two isthmuses named in my motion, for some thirty
years or more; and he feels it to be impossible that
he could receive additional edification thereupon
from any quarter whatever. Well, sir, I will not
call in question the honorable Senator's informa-
tion upon the subject before us, or upon any other
subject; his reputation for all useful learning, and
all valuable knowledge, places him entirely out of
the reach either of my commendation or my criti-
cism; but I beg leave to suggest to him, that if he
is so thoroughly enlightened himself, (which I
confess I had m part suspected before,) it is nothing
less than his duty, out of the abundance of his
treasured wisdom, a little to illuminate the dark-
ness of his less fortunate fellow-mortals; and that,
being a prominent member of the Committee on
Military Affairs, to which I have proposed to apply
for instruction, in the shape of a report, at the
present time, he, cannot possibly, with an unof-
fending conscience, do less than beam forth a few
rays of mild illumination upon minds less gifted
than his own.
Sir, the honorable Senator from Missouri, ac-
cording to his own account of himself, is the very
man of all others from whom we are authorized to
expect sound counsel upon the respective advan-
tages of the two routes across the continent. Why
is it that he refuses to instruct us as a member of the
Military Committee? I do not know how it may
be with others, but as for myself, I freely declare,,
that m my judgment, the man who, having more
of such knowledge as may be useful to his kind
than his fellows, secretes his intellectual treasures
from the view of his brother mortals, and " hiding
his light under a bushel," with more than stoical
rigidity refuses to impart wholesome instruction to
those whom he perceives to be wandering in dark-
ness and in gloom, is less excusable than is he who
unfeelingly spurns the starving beggar from his
door. It has always seemed to me that there is
something quite peculiar in what we call knowledge*
which brilliantly distinguishes it from all other
things deemed estimable among men. It is this:
of all our earthly possessions it is the only one
which derives its chief dignity from participation.
Wisdom, for all purposes of philanthropic enjoy-
