402
THE CONGRESSIONAL "GLOBE.
Jan. 30,
Mr. DOUGLAS. Had this motion to recommit
with instructions to investigate the propriety of
' acquiring a right of way across the Isthmus of
Tehuantepec been made at an earlier day, I should
not have been inclined to oppose it. On the con-
trary, 1 should cheerfully and readily have sup-
ported it. This measure has been before the Senate
now for nearly two months; it has been before us
* since the first week of the session. It was desired
by the friends of the measure, at the time it was
introduced, to have early action upon it, in order
that ifae proposed contractors might know what
they could rely upon, and whether they were to
go'on with the contract or not. I apprehend that
time is a matter of vast importance, and I, for one,
as having presented the measure, should have
urged immediate action then, but for the fact that
Senators here were desirous that there should be
delay,and stated as a reason that a rival proposition
was expected to be presented. We have heatd a
good deal about this rival proposition,and we have
waited ions: for it to be submitted. And, after mis
long delay, in order that they might be able to
prepare and present their memorial setting forth
the claims of this rival proposition, we have not
yet been favored with it. I, for one, have been
anxious to see it. I should like to see it now, to
dfee whether they will offer a better proposition.
But we are now told by the Senator from Mis-
sissippi that the Mexican gentleman to whom he
refers does not stand in the position of a rival con-
tractor. Sir, I wish him to stand in that position
or not stand here at all. When he comes here to
attack this measure, to enlighten the Senate as to
our action, when he comes here to protest against
our adopting a measure for our purposes because
it is going to interfere with his project, I wish him
to stand forward as a competitor, and I wish him
to state what plan he has, what project he has. 1
wish to know whether the statement of the Sen-
ator from Mississippi, that he has no intention of
becoming a competitor, be true, or the denial of
the Senator from Florida be true. He is here, I
am told, and he can state what his intentions are.
Mr. FO0TE. My honorable friend certainly
misapprehended me,if he understood me as stating
any fact positively. I took particular pains to say
that 1 had no positive information. I merely sta-
ted what I believed to be the case, and i added
that I would endeavor to procure within a short
time the best infoifnation I could obtain. And, as
a fact going to show the importance of this com-
mittee having the subject referred to them now, I
stated the circumstance alluded to by the Senator
from Illinois, that the committee might have an
opportunity of conferring with the individual and
ascertaining all the facts m his possession, if my
friend understood me as stating that this individual
came here to dictate to us, or even to make sugges-
tions to us in relation to our action* 1 certainly was
grossly misunderstood. I was informed of his
being here, and I sought him out. I found him to
be a modest and frank gentleman, ready to furnish
all necessary information; not presenting himself
as a competitor, but only desirous that this Gov-
ernment should not enlist in the field against him.
Mr. WESTCOTT. I did not understand the
Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Foots] to deny the
existence of the law that 1 referred to.
Mr. FOOTE. Certainly not. I only said I
knew .nothing about it
Mr. WESTCOTT. I do not wish to be mis-
understood as to the effect of what I stated as to
my course on this bill. I am, as at present ad-
vised, opposed to tins bill, and to all similar pro-
jects put forth here by individuals, asking of the
United States money or contracts to carry out
their schemes in any foreign country. I am op-
posed to all this system, in toto. I hope to see
one or more railroads fiom the Mississippi to the
Pacuic, to bind the people there to us, and I wiU
not encourage any route that will tend to interfere
with or postpone them. But if it is determined to
adopt some one as a tempoiary measure, I prefer
Tehuantepec first, Nicaragua the second, and Pan-
ama the last, and wiil advance the reasons at th£
proper time. I am inclined to vote for the Sena-
tor's [Mr. Foote'sJ motion, ii he will amend it so
as to include the railroad routes across the conti-
nent and the Nicaragua route. The fact 1 stated
obviates one difficulty as to Tehuantepec. By
proper arrangement with Mexico wc can obtain it. :
U is now free and unincumbered, and I learn from ;
good authority Mexico is disposed to arrange with !
us for it. If the individuals supposed to have had
control over it have auqh control, and if we are to
arrange with them, 1 would not have anything to
do with it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I know this gentleman to
whom reference has so frequently been made. He
is an intelligent and-worthy man, and I think he
understands his business; but I desire, when his
name and his intentions are introduced'upon this
floor as an argument to control our legislation, that
the matter should come before us 111 a tangible
: shape. When he comes here to defeat an act of
j the American Congress that is deemed necessary
, to the interests of the American people, 1 desne
; that he should bring his memorial lorwaid, stating
the facts that he has to present, and let us examine
whether those facts are reliable or not.
Mr. FOOTE. Will the Senator allow me to in-
teirupt him for a moment? My object is to obtain
information, and this is the purpose of the motion
that I have made. There should be a memorial
certainly; but there being none, the facts might be
ascertained by the committee.
Mr. DOUGLAS. We have heard of this me-
morial from the first week of the session. It has
been heralded on this floor, but it has not come to
us. I believe firmly that the sole object is to defeat
the action of Congress, or to prevent any action
at all; and if that be the object, 1 think the ques-
tion should be argued on the ments of the Panama
proposition entirely, instead of dragging that m as
if a rival route were to be proposed, and a compar-
ison of the merits of the two propositions to be
made, when the entire object is to defeat action
altogether. Why has not the memorial been pre-
sented ? Has not this subject been postponed for
several weeks? Has not the gentleman been for
some time in this city? Have not his plans been
open to the inspection of gentlemen? Have we
not all examined them over and over again ? All
have had the opportunity of examining diem, and
it was due to us, if he through his fnends is going
to endeavor to defeat our legislation, that he should
have come forward before, when he knew the sub-
ject was pending. If we now, m the last month of
the session, send the matter again to the commit-
tee, h will be toolate for action at this session, and
our legislation will be defeated by this indirect
means, if we are to act at this session, it is
necessary we should do so without delay, if we
do not act upon the subject at this session, we may
as well not act at ail. We only want the road
across the isthmus as a temporary measure until
we get a direct road. I believe at the next session
we will get a direct road, and I would not be will-
ing to make a contract that would last a day beyond
the time when that is accomplished, but I should
be unwilling to have our action defeated now, not
on the merits of the case, but simply by procrasti-
nation.
Mr. FOOTE. I rise to say, that in view of the
desire of the gentlemen that the debate should
proceed on the merits of the bill, lest it should not
be practicable to arrive at a vote upon it, I am
willing to withdraw my motion, and allow the dis-
cussion to be proceeded with. That will accom-
plish the great object that i have in view; and in
the mean while, if Senators will endeavor to obtain
information from other quarters, it may turn out
that there will be no necessity for a recommitment
at all.
Mr. DICKINSON. Will the Senator give way,
as it is near the hoyr of adjournment, for a motion
to go into Executive session?
Mr. FOOTE. i am perfectly willing.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It the respective merits of
the rival routes of Panama aijd Tehuantepec are
to be investigated, I think they should be brought
forwasd by memorial, or in some authentic shape,
and not m a desultory mode of deoate; but I did
not suppose that the Senate would deem it neces-
sary to go into an examination of a route that is
not before us, when wc have no right of way, and
when we have no reason to beiieve that we can get
a right of way; when we have attempted to get it
and have failed, and when we do not know that it
would be practicable if v/e did obtain it. I cannot
believe, that m this desultory way, the Senate will
enter upon its consideration; but if they do, i see
no better way than that which the Senator from
Mississippi has suggested.
I wouid like to see the question taken to-night,
if possible. I do not wish this question left in the
way of immediate action on the bill to admit Cali-
fornia as a State into this Union, which I 'shall cal!
up to-morrow morning.
Mr. FOOTE. I beg to assure the Senator that
I and my friends will present no impediment to
obstruct his course. All we ask is for two or three
days, that we may have an opportunity "to give
this matter a thorough examination.
Mr. BERRIEN. I beg to suggest to the Senator
from Mississippi that the course which he pro-
poses to puisue is not exactly regular. Here is a
question which has been referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, by which a bill has been
reported, and some debate has already been had
upon it. That debate, however, has hitherto been
but partial, and therefore the Senator will see that
his motion to recommit the bill is premature, espe-
cially as several Senators have not been heard at
all who feel an interest in this subject. It may be,
that after .those Senators shall hare been heard,
there may bo no necessity to recommit the bill. I
hope, therefore, that the discussion will be con-
tinued, that we may obtain the information which
Senators are prepared to communicate. If the
Senate should now adjourn, this bill will come up
as unfinished business to-morrow, and it may thgn
be examined to the Senator's satisfaction.
Mr. FOOTE. To that t have no objection, if
the bill will not be pressed t^ a decision to-morrow.
I only want two or three" days, that I and hiy
friends may investigate the subject. I am willing
to withdraw my motion to recommit, for my only
object in making it was to prevent a decision
to-day, which, 1 apprehended, would be forced
upon us.
Mr. DICKINSON. I hope Senators will allow
us to have an Executive session, which is much
needed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I beg simply to
state that when this subject was before the Mili-
tary Committee, they had not sufficient information
to enable them to decide on its merits; this bill
was therefore hastily prepared and thrown before
the Senate to ehcit information, and unless more
information than th#y now possess can be given to
the committee, it will be unnecessary to recommit
this bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. As I believe the committee
can better collect information than the Seriate, I
renew the motion to recommit the bill to the Com-
mittee on Military Affans.
Mr. DICKINSON. I hope the question will -
be postponed, that we may have an Executive
session.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I hope not. Let the question
now be taken.
Mr. METCALFE. I move that the Senate, do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to", and the Senate ad-
journed. *   
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 30, 1849.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
On motion of Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky*
it was
Ondcred, That the Committee on Printing be discharged
from the Surther consideiauon of the accounts of tue Treas-
urer of the United Urates vvitn the iJo?t Office Department,
for rccctplf> find ch^buiacmeHU lor the fiscal %«;ir ending
June 30, IS*:?, and th.u t<iey be referred to the Coumuttfcrf
on Expenditures in the Post Oiiice Department.
Mr. THOMPSON,ofKentucky, from the Com-
mittee on Printing, to whom was referred the mo-
tion to print 10,000 extra copies of the report of
the Committee on Naval Affairs on the subject ot
a 44 raihoad across the Isthmus of Panama," re-
ported that the cost of printing the said report
would amount to seventy-four dollars and^fiftJT
cents; and also reported the following resolution:
R?$oh-ed} That 10,003 extra copies ol the report of the
Committee on Nav.U Attain on the M'bjeet of a "raihoaci
jurors the Istnuiu*. ot Panama" he printed.
Mr. THOMPSON moved the previous ques-
tion; which was seconded.
Mr. BURT moved that the resolution be laid
upon the table.
And the question being put—
It was decided by yeas and nays, as follows:
YF.AS—Mes&rti. Atkinson, Bayly, Beuio, Bocock, Bowlin,
Boyden, ISrodhead, William G. Brown, Albeit G Brown,
Bint,Cathcart, Ciapp, Fiankliu Clark, llowell Cobb, Cocke,
Crisneki, Crozier, Dame), Dmmig, Dickinson, Knibree,
Patau, Keathi'rsion, Fieklm, Flnumoy, Fitedley, J'uitori,
Gwldings, Gott, Green, Wiliard P. Hall, Hammons, Jawed
G. Hampton, liatals-on, Harmanson, Hartid, Hill, Geui^e S.
Houitop, frige, ivyrsdn, Andrew Johnson, James tf. John-
