1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
409
The question was then taken and decided in the
negative—ayes 57, noes 80.
So the House refused to adjourn.
And the question recurred and was taken on the
adoption of the resolution, and was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 94; nays 68.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. VINTON moved a reconsideration of the
vote, and moved that that motion be laid on the
table.
And tke question having been taken and de-
cided in the affirmative, the motion to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution had been adopted
was laid on the table
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. HENLEY, by general consent, gave notice
that he would hereafter ask leave to introduce a
bill entitled " A bill to provide for an expression
of the opinions of the free white male inhabitants
of the District of Columbia who are entitled to vote
at elections in said District in regard to the aboli-
tion of slavery and the slave trade in the District."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, inquired of the
Chair if it was in order to move a reconsideration
of the vote by which the motion to reconsider the
vote on the adoption of the resolution "terminating
debate on the naval appropriation bill, had been
laid on the table?
The SPEAKER decided that such a motion
would be in order, but was not debatable.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, moved that the
House adjourn.
(And the question having been taken and de-
cided in the negative, the House refused to adjourn.
The question then recurred and was taken on
the motion of Mr. Johnson, and decided in the
negative.
So the House refused to reconsider the vote by
which the motion to reconsider the vote on rfhe
adoption of the resolution had been laid on the
table.
POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT.
Mr. VINTON, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, asked leave to report a bill making
appropriations for this department.
Objections were made.
Whereupon, on motion of Mr. STEPHENS,
The House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions and memorials were presented,
under the rule, and referred:
By Mr. STARKWEATHER: The petition of sundry in-
habitants of the county of Schoharie, New York, asking for
the reduction of postage, and also that the franking privilege
be abolished.
By Mr. TUCK: The petition of M. Antoinette Friselle,
and 54 others, ladies of Onondaga Hollow, New York, pray-
ing Congress to prevent the extension of slavery, to with-
draw ail countenance to the slave trade, and abolish slavery
wherever Congress has competent jurisdiction. Also, the
petition of Elizabeth Laffoid and 44 others, praying for the
same object.
By Mr. HARALSON: The claim of Richard H. Barrett.
By Mr. HUNT : The petition of thirty citizens of Niagara
county, New York, asking that members of Congress shall
not be allowed to receive compensation except lor actual
attendence.
By Mr. DARLING: A communication from the Commis
sioner of the General Land Office, in relation to the land
entries made upon the Fox and Wisconsin river reservation,
in the State of Wisconsin, subsequent to the passage of the
act of the 8th of September, 1846, entitled " An act to grant
a certain quantity of land to aid in the improvement ot the
Fox and Wisconsin rivers, and to connect the same by canal,
in the Territory of Wisconsin."
By Mr. TURNER: The petition of Jason Judd and many
others, citizens of Illinois, praying for a grant of land to aid
in tile construction of a certain railroad within said State.
Also of Charles R. David, and other citizens of Illinois,
upon the same subject. Also, the petition of William F.
Goodhue and others, citizens of Stevenson county, Illinois,
praying a reduction in the rates of postage.
By Mr. WENTWORTII: The petition of citizens of
Bloommgton, McLean county, Illinois, for a mail route from
tlla't place, \ia. Cheney's Grove, Sugar Giove, North Folk,
and Attica, to Lafayette, Indiana.
ByMr.ECKERT: The petition of William Davis and 153
citizens of Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, piaying for an
immediate change in the tanft'laws, to save the mimn^man-
ufactnrini*, and agricultural interests from utter prostration
and ruin;" another of like import, signed by Samuel'Heiiner
and 138 other citizens of Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania;
another of like import, signed by Joseph Griffiths and 42
other citizens of Schuylkill county; another of like import,
signed by Joseph Denning and 49 other citizens of Schuyl-
kill county; another of like import, signed by 50 citizens of
said county; another of like import, signed hy Mayor Hoff-
man and 115 other citizens of Llewellyn, of said county;
another of like import, signed by 30 citizens of Berks coun-
ty, Pennsylvania. Also, a petition signed by ,2 citizens of
Schuylkill county, praying lor a reduction of letter postage,
and that newspapers may be free of postage withm a ciicuit
of thirty miles, or the limits of the county in which they are
published.*
By Mr. BL ANCHARD: The petition of sundry citizens of
Reedsville, Mifflin county, Pennsylvania, stating that the
mining and manufacturing interests'of the State are suffer-
ing great depression and threatened with entire prostration,
in consequence of the low dunes on articles of foreign
manufacture; and respectfully ask the immediate modifica-
tion of the present tariff", so as to afford our farmers a home
market, and relieve our manufacturers f'ronj their present
suffering condition,
By Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania: The proceedings
of a public meeting at Point Isabel in Texas, with letters
from the American consul, and the vice-consuls of Endand,
France, and Spain, at Matamoros, in favor of the establish-
ment of a port of entrv at Point Isabel.
Bv Mr. HARALSON: The papers relating to the claim
of Richard H. Barrett.
By Mr. WILSON: The petition of Silence G. Griffin, of
Nelson, New Hampshire,and l"80others, who sign as "Wo-
men of America," praying Congress to prevent the exten-
sion of slavery, to withdraw the protection of Government
from the American slave trade, and to suppress slavery
wherever Congress has competent jurisdiction. Also, the
petition of Levin Leach, of Dubuque county, Iowa, for the
payment of back pension.
By Mi. GOGGIN: The petition of the administrator of
Churchill Gibbs, deceased, of Virginia, for half pay.
By Mr. FARAN: The memorial of James B. Moore &
Co., praying the aid of the Government m the establishment
of a regular line of mail steamers from California to China
and the East Indies.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 31, 1849.
Mr. DOUGLAS presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Illinois, instructing their Senators,
&c., in relation to the enactment of a law to protect
the preemption rights of settlers on public lands
granted to that State for purposes of internal im-
provement; which were laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. D. also presented resolutions of the Lesis-
lature of Illinois, instructing their Senators, &c.,
in relation to the enactment of a law for the im-
provement of the navigation of the Mississippi and
Illinois rivers, and the improvement and protection
of the harbors in the northern lakes; which was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WESTCOTT-presented a preamble and
resolutions of the Legislature of Florida, in favor
of the adoption of measures for confining the In-
dian tribes in that State within prescribed limits
&c.; which was ordered to be printed, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. DODGE, of Towa, presented a resolution
of the Legislature of Iowa, in favor of the estab-
lishment of a land office at Fort Des Moines; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. CLAYTON presented a memorial from W.
H. Topping, asking compensation for services as
secretary to the commissioners appointed to inves-
tigate the affairs of the New York custom-house in
1841; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. C. also presented a petition from Samuel
S. Rind, asking compensation for services rendered
in the office of the Third Auditor; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. C. also presented a petition from W. C.
Anderson, praying to be relieved from a judgment
obtained against him by the Post Office Depart-
ment, as a surety; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. C. also presented a petition of a number of
citizcns of Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing for a change in the tariff; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. C. also presented a petition of citizens of
Philadelphia, praying for a change of the tariff;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CORWIN presented a petition from James
B. Moore & Co., asking the aid of Government
in the establishment of a regular line of mail
steamers from California to China and the East
Indies; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. DIX presented a number of petitions, pray-
ing the adoption of measures for preventing the
use of intoxicating liquors, except for medical
purposes, on board United States vessels; which
were referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. D. also presented a number of petitions,
praying for the abolition of corporal punishment
in the army and navy; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs..
Mr. D. also presented a petition from 193 resi-
dent voters of Buffalo, praying for a reduction of
the rates of postage, and the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege; which was laid on the table.
Mr. DOUGLAS also presented a memorial from,
citizens of Illinois, asking for a donation of public
lands for the construction of a railroad from the
Upper and Lower Mississippi to Chicago; which
was laid on the table.
Mr. UPHAM presented a petition from John
Mitchell, asking for an increase of pension; which
was referred to the Committtee on Pensions.
Mr. STURGEON presented a petition from citi-
zens of Mifflin county, in the State of Pennsyl-
vania, praying for a change in the tariff; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. S. also submitted a document, showing the
names of officers and soldiers of the Pennsylvania
line of the revolutionary army entitled to donation
lands; which was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. BRIGHT presented a petition from Ann
Eston, a widow of a volunteer in the Mexican
war, asking for a pension; which was referred to
the Committee on.Pensions.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, made an adverse report on the
petition of Joseph Spencer; and the report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. J. also, from the same committee, made an
adverse report on the petition of James H. Duffer;
and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. J. also, from the same committee, made an
adverse report on the petition of Nathaniel Webb;
and the report was ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, the
Committee on Pensions was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of John W.
Skiles.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi,from the Committee
on Military-Affairs, reported a joint resolution to
provide for topographical surveys and reports of
routes from the valley of the Mississippi to the
Pacific Ocean, accompanied by a report; which
was ordered to be printed.
The resolution was read a first time, and made
the special order for Wednesday next.
Mr. BRIGHT, from the Committee on Naval "
Affairs, made an adverse report on the joint reso-
lution for the relief of Samuel T. Anderson.
BILL ON LEA.VE.
Mr. JONES asked and obtained leave to intro-
duce a bill making an appropriation for the con-
struction of a road from the Fall of Saint Louis
river, on Lake Superior, to Point Douglas, on the
Mississippi river; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. CLAYTON submitted the following res-
olution, which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved. That a committee be appointed to join such
committee as may be appointed by the House of Represent-
atives, fo ascertain and report a mode of examining the
votes for President and Vice President of flie United States,
and of notifying the persons elected of their election.
On motion of Mr. CLAYTON, the committee
was ordered to consist of three Senators, to be ap-
pointed by the Presiding Officer, and the following
were announced as the names of the Select Com-
mittee:
Mr. Clayton, Mr. Davis of Mississippi, and
Mr. Davis of Massachusetts.
Mr. METCALFE presented the following res-
olution, which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be instructed
to inquiie into the expediency of allowing a pension to
Joseph M. Farrow.
GRANT OF RIGHT OF WAY.
Mr. BREESE moved that the prior orders be
postponed, for the purpose of taking up the bill to
grant to the State of Illinois the right of way
through the public lands, and for other purposes;
which was agreed to.
• The Senate accordingly, as in Committee of the
Whole; proceeded to the consideration of said bill,
which was read.
Mr. BREESE submitted sundry amendments
to the bill, which were agreed to.
Mr. UPHAM expressed the hope that the
amendments would be printed, that the Senate
might see and understand the bill as amended.
Sir. BREESE. I would prefer that the print-
ing be dispensed with, and that the Senate proceed
