410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to act upon the bill as amended. And I think that
a very brief statement in regard to the objects of
the bill and the amendments will obviate the ne-
cessity for printing, and I hope my friend from
Vermont [Mr. Upham] will not urge the printing,
anil thus delay the passage of this bill. The bill
does not propose to grant a foot of land to the
State of Illinois as a donation", although at the last
session a liberal and absolute grant was made by
the Senate of land which, in their judgment, was
deemed sufficient, if not Co complete the roads, at
least to aid materially in their completion. That
bill failed, however, in the House of Representa-
tives by four votes. And lest we may not be able
to obtain the passage of another bill granting to
the State of Illinois a donation such as Ohio and
Indiana have received, we have chosen to be con-
tent with the mere preemption right to the lands
remaining unsold on the line of the road, with the
riffht of way. We are to pay the Government
price for these lands, which have been m the mar-
ket, some of them, for thirty years. That is the
privilege accorded by this bill, and nothing more.
And I do not see how th£re can possibly be any
objection to it. It is not granting a donation, but
a mere preemption right to the land. We pro-
pose to make your lands valuable by railroads,
and then pay you your price for the lands. And
this is the only privilege that we claim, and do
not doubt Congress will unhesitatingly grant it to
the State.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, begged to suggest a fur-
ther amendment, so as to provide for terminating
the road at Dubuque, on the Mississippi river.
Mr. BREESE moved to amend the bill by
striking out the word "to" and inserting "by,"
and inserting after the word "Galena," the words
"to the Mississippi river, opposite Dubuque;"
which was agreed to.
No further amendments being submitted, the
bill was reported to the Senate, when the several
amendments were concurred in.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
mid a third time, and was subsequently read a
third time, by unanimous consent, and passed.
IOWA EDUCATIONAL FUND.
Mr. JONES asked and obtained leave to intro-
duce a bill declaratory of the act for the admission
of the State of Iowa into the Union; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Mr. President, I ask
the indulgence of the Senate to take up and pass
at this time the bill which has just been introduced
by my colleague. When the State of Iowa was
admitted into this Union, her constitution provided
thot the proceeds of the live per cent, fund accru-
ing from the net proceeds of the sales of the pubiic
lands within her limits, and the donation of 500,000
acres of land given for the purpose of making
roads and interna! improvements, should be ap-
plied to educational purposes. That was the un-
derstanding in both Houses of Congress at the
time, and it was considered that the change would
be both proper and praiseworthy; but the First
Comptroller of the Treasury has decided that he
cannot pay over the funds to our Superintendent
of Public Instruction without the passage of such ;
a bill as this. The chairman of the Committee on I
the Public Lands, [Mr. Breese,] and every Sen-
ator present who was here when Iowa was ad-
mitted, will remember that Congress approved of
the application of this fund to the support of com-
mon schools throughout the State of Iowa, and
the action of our convention in thus diverting these
funds and lands was greatly lauded. The Senator
from Florida furthest front me [Mr. Westcott]
will wel! lemember the truth of what I say.
Mr. WKSTCOTT. When the bill of 1846, re-
specting the admission of Iowa into the Union,
was before Congress, it was referred to the Judici*
ary Committee, and distinct action was taken as to !
the right and propriety of that State having, by [
a provision of her constitution, diverted the fund '
arising from the live hundred thousand acres of I
land given to her by the United States for internal
improvement purposes, to purposes of education. ;
Well, sit, the committee unanimously approved of i
the change, and so reported. The bill came up |
the day before Christmas in 1846, and a debate j
ensued on this very point. An amendment was ,
offered, which can be found in the report in the !
Congressional Globe of that date, providing that !
nothing in the act should be construed as authorize i1
ing the diversion of the fund." It was fully debated,
and the vote, by ayes and noes, was ayes 2, noes
40. I am astonished at the construction of the
Comptroller of the Treasury referred to by the
Senators from Iowa; m my judgment, it is a very
improper one. A similar course was had in the
other House. The Senators from Iowa and the
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] can state if
there was not an amendment of Kke purport offered
in the other House and voted down.
Mr. DOUGLAS. There was, I believe.
Mr. WESTCOTT. The present bill but re-
iterates the decision of Congress in 1846, and I
think should pass.
| Mr. BREESE, Mr. President, I recollect dis-
j tmctly, that when the act for the admission of Iowa
^ into the Union came into the Senate, this change
i came directly under the notice of the Senate; and
! the object to which the land was applied by the
1 constitution of that State was highly approved. It
! was thought better for the interests of that growing
State, instead of appropriating the grant of fxve
] hundred thousand acres for the purposes of in-
: tern a I improvement, to divert the grant so as to
| apply it to purposes of education. In this I
, heartily concurred, and I believe there was but one
or two dissenting voices in the Senate.
The bill was then, by unanimous consent, con-
sidered as in Committee oi the Whole.
Mr. ICING. 1 do not intend to throw any ob-
stacles in the way of getting a bill passed most in
accordance with what they suppose bene^cial to
I the State of Iowa, and with what they supposed
| her interest at the time it was passed. The only
| difficulty with me, as this bill now stands, is, that
| we declare that the assent of Congress was given
; to that particular provision. Now, 1 have been
! here when many States were admitted, and I be-
1 lieve the assent of Congress was only given so far
j as the constitution was republican in its character,
! Further than that, it has never entered into the de-
liberations of Congress to interfere with any local
regulation which a State may make for her own
interests. But, if a change, has been made, and
the assent of Congress is now asked to what was
supposed to be originally given, I am prepared to
vote for it with great pleasure. 1 hate no doubt
that the original giving of the five per cent, for pur-
poses of internal improvement has been attended
j with injury to the States themselves, and certaml}
j of no benefit to the country. I hope the gentleman
will agree to change the phraseology ot the bill, so
that we shall now give our assent to the change
provided for by the constitution of Iowa, by which
the fund is applied for the purposes of education.
Mr. JONES. Mr. President, the ieason why
we desire this bill to be passed is, because sales
j have already taken place under that law by the
; School Fund Commissioners, under the direction
of the Superintendent of Public Instruction in
1 Iowa, and the funds have been diverted under the
, dnection of the Commissioner ol the General Land
j Oliice; but the Comptroller will not allow those
funds to be applied in that way, and hence the
i difficulty and necessity for this law. A similar
1 bill precisely was passed last year in relation to the
State of Alabama. A similai discussion arose at
the time of the admission of Iowa upon this ques-
tion, m the House of Representatives, and similar
action to that taken in the Senate, as adverted to
by the chairman of the Committee on Pubiic
Lands, [Mr, Breese,] was the result there.
I hope, therefore, that no further opposition to
this reasonable bill will be made, and that it will
be allowed to passat this time.
Mr. DODGE. I beg to say to the Senator from
Alabama that 1 cannot consent to any change in
tiie phiaseoiogy of the bill, which would concede
that Congress did not, at the time of our admis-
sion. consent to the appiopriation of the five per
cent, fund, and the five hundred thousand acrcs of
land, to and for'the purposes named in the second
clause of the tenth article of the constitution of
Iowa.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It may not be improper to re-
mark that the matter was duly considered in the
House of Representatives at the time the State of
Iowa was admitted into the Union. The Commit-
tee on the Territories examined the subject, and
reported a bill unanimously approving the change
which had been made. The subject was fully dis-
cussed in the House of Representatives, and the
law was passed, which, it was undeistood, would
give authority to the State to make this disposition
Jan. 31,
of her fund. If there wag any doubt on the sub-
ject, that doubt was entirely removed.
Wo amendment having been submitted, the bill
was reported to the Senate, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time, and was read a third
time by unanimous consent, and passed.
U. S. DISTRICT COURT TN TEXAS.
On motion of Mr. RUSK, the previous orders
weie postponed, and the Senate proceeded to the
consideration of a bill to establish an additional
district court of the United States in the State of
Texas.
Mr. UPHAM. I desiie to inquire, if the Sen-
ator will' inform me, whether or not die territory
m dispute between Texas and New Mexico, or
any part of it, is comprised within the judicial dis-
trict contemplated by this bill.
Mr. RUSK. Not at all. That point has been
carefully avoided.
Mr. DAYTON. The Senator from Texas ap-
pears to take a great interest in the passage of this
bill; but I cannot but think it will lead to the in-
troduction of bills of a similar character, and of
some perhaps that will have a stronger claim
upon the attention and favorable action of the
Government. Although I am d'esirous of not
making any serious difficulty to its passage, yet
i feel it my duty to state, that as one of the mem-
bers of the committee, I did not acquiesce in the
favorable opinions entertained in regard to this bill,
and do not, theiefore, propose to vote for it. That
Texas, with its sparse population of a hundred
or a hundred and fifty thousand people, should
have as many district courts and district judges,
and all the paraphernalia connected with them, as
the State of New York, including the city, with
Jt§ immense commerce and extended business
branching olf into various sections of the country,
appears to me unreasonable. Although there may
be some present claim for assistance in the dis-
charge of his duties on the part of the district
judge of Galveston, I cannot but think it as a
claim temporary only in its character. In the
course of a few years, the mass of business now
requiring judicial action will have Lcen completed,
and then, should this bill pass, there will be two
districfcourts in Texas for her sparse population,
and a large amount of business will go to them
which otherwise would pass through the State
courts, and which should properly go through the
State courts. 1 do not think there is any pressing
necessity that requires us to grant the objects of
this bill to the citizens of Texas more than to
those of any other State. For these reasons, with-
out being disposed further to multiply words on
the subject, I shall be compelled to vote against ttie
bill. '
Mr. RUSK. I brought forward this bill as a
matter of necessity, and with no intention to use-
lessly multiply the number of district courts and
judges m our State. It is known to every one that
there was no juiisdiction of courts of the United
States existing in Texas until within the last two
or three years. Her citizensare composed mainly
of emigrants from all parts of the United States,
and of course many claims requiring legal adjust-
ment arose during that period, previous to her an-
nexation. The result was, that at the time of the
annexation of Texas, mors cases came under the
jurisdiction of the district court of the United States
located in Texas than in any other State m the
Union. As a matter of course, there being no au-
thority before this time for the adjudication of these
cases, they were all brought forward to this court
as soon as it was established. Besides this, the
Territory of Texas is of immense size, vastly
larger than the State of New York, and individ-
uals who go to court have not the facilities for
traveling that the citizens of New York enjoy.
There have been many transactions witn citizens
of other parts of tile United States in regard to land
titles, which have given rise to a large number ol
suits, which have had to come before this single
court, so constituted as to be unable to adjudicate
with the promptness absolutely necessary. Uhere
is a memorial in my possession—I will not trouble
the Senate with reading it—from the bar at Gal-
veston, stating, that though the court has sat for
nine months during the last year, there is yeta large
number of suits before it, and that they are contaritly
increasing. One result arising from having only
this single court is, that a defendant is brought
some four or five hundred miles to attend the dis-
