412
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 31,
my conclusion is, that the staying in would-do no
harm. So that we have come, to directly contra-
dictory conclusions. I think that our best course
is to leave the words where they are. It will be
time enough to settle this question with New Gra-
nada when it arises with that Government. But
there is no expectation that the question will ever
be raised. It is for our own security that we have
inserted the word " mails,",as they do not come
under the head of munitions of war or the other
articles specified in the bill.
The question on the amendment proposed by
Mr. Underwood was then taken, and the amend-
ment was rejected.
Mr. NILES. Mr. President, I have a very
few. words to say in regard to this bill. I move
"to amend it by striking out the word " two" and
inserting the word u one," so that, instead of "two
hundred and fifty thousand," it will read " one
hundred and fifty thousand."
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. President, I
• move to amend the atnendmentof the Senator from
Connecticut,'by striking out all after the word
" provided," in the thirteenth line, to the word
" that," in the twentieth line.
The effect of this amendment would be to strike
out all that is said in relation to the amount of
compensation to be paid annually for the trans-
portation of men, munitions of war, military and
naval stores, and mails of the United Statfs. As a
tariff of rates is fixed in the next section, that will
be a sufficient guide to the Secretary of the Navy
in making the contract. It is expected that a high
officer will be able to make a contract for the trans-
portation of all these articles tor less than the sum
named m the bill.
PREolUUNG OFFICER. Does the Senator
from Connecticut adopt the amendment of the
Senator fiom Mississippi?
Mr. WILES. I do not know that I understand
what will be the effect of the amendment offered
by the Senator from Mississippi. If the amend-
ment which I have submitted prevails, which
would reduce the amount of compensation from
two hundred and fifty thousand to one hundred
and fitly thousand, it would not, I suppose, change
the real character of the bill, but would be a saving
of one hundred thousand dollars to the Govern-
ment. It is my habit, sir, to look at the substance
of things rather than the forms that they may lie
made to assume.
This is in form a contract for transporting sup-
plies across the isthmus, but is in substance a
measure for aiding, by the appropriation of five
millions from the treasury, the construction of a
railroad across tne isthmus. As a mere contract,
no one, I think, could favor it, as the seivice to be
perfonned is trifling compared with the sum to be
paid. Some weeks ago I offered a resolution
calling oil the Secretary of the Navy for the
amount expended the past year for transporting
men and supplies lor the navy to the western
toast. Why'there has been no lesponse to that
call, 1 know not; but the information must be in the
bureaus, and might have been furnished on short
notice. Failing in thiSjI liave sought mfoimation
from sources which 1 thought entitled to reliance,
and learned that the sum paid the last year was
about ten thousand dollars per quarter, or forty
thousand for the year. This was, part of it, a
penod of war, and ordinarily the expenditure
would probably be much less. But there is no
occasion of spending anything for this service, as
men and naval stores and supplies can be conveyed
to the Pacific m the public ships, which may as
well be employed in that service as any other, or
as to remain unemployed. And storeships are, 1
learn, often sent to Brazil, and thence to the Pa-
cific, with supplies for the navy on those stations.
By this proposition we are to pay two hundred
and fifty thousand dollais for a service which last
-year cost torty thousand. But this is not for
transporting supplies from New York to the Pa-
cific coast, but across the isthmus only; so that
the expense of transportation from New York to
Chagres on* this side, and from Panama to Cali-
fornia on the other, will have to be added to the
two hundred and fifty thousand; and probably the
expense by this route will be about the same as
tfy Cape Horn, aside fiom what we propose to
pay for crossing the isthmus. No consideration,
or a mere nominal one, could be received for the
money which is to be paid.
, I cannot, therefore, regard this as a contract for
supplying the navy.- Divested of its form, it is a
measure to appropriate five millions of dollars in
aid of the construction of a railroad across the
isthmus. In this view of ft, it is a very important
question, deserving of great consideration, and
attended with very serious objections.
There is, in the first place, a question of power.
Under what grant of pWer in ttiejConstitution is
this appropriation to be made? Is it the war power,
which is perhaps the most ample, as well as the
most undefined? This, I suppose, will not be
claimed, as it is not pretended this is to be a mili-
tary road, or any way essential to the operations
of our military or naval forces. It must fall, then,
if there is any power to justify it, under the power
to regulate commerce with foreign countries and
between the States. So far as this work may facil-
itate our commerce with the Pacific, it connects
itself both with our foreign and domestic trade.
But have we power to construct or open artificial
channels of trade in foreign countries ? Such a
power has never been exercised nor claimed be-
fore, so far as I know. The power to do this
within the territory of the Union is doubted and
denied by many, and admitted by few, except
within very circumscribed limits. And is there
power to do that in a foreign country which we
cannot do in our own? Tne difficulty of State
jurisdiction may be avoided; but that is not the
principal objection to the mere expenditure of
money for works'of internal improvement in the
States. The great objection is as to the power to
apply the revenues o'f the Union to objects not
specified in the Constitution. Does the regulation
of foreign commerce carry with it a power to open
or assist m opening artificial channels of trade ? If
it does, it is a power unlimited, and of the most
dangerous character. Our trade is with all parts
of the world, and, if we can construct a railroad
across the Isthmus of Panama, we can construct a
railroad or canal -across the Isthmus of Suez to
unite the Mediterranean and the Red Sea, or any-
where else which it may be supposed will give
additional facilities to oui foreign commerce.
But, Mr. President, if this objection can be got •
over, the next question is, whatare the inducements
to make this large expenditure? What are the
advantages to be acquired in aid of either our for-
eign or domestic commerce? The advantages of
a railroad across the Isthmus of Panama, in a
commercial point of view, are greatly over-esti-
mated. This can never be the route of the trade
of the United States or of Europe to China, or the
countries of the East. The distance is gieater than
by the way of the Cape of Good Hope. If the
fact was otherwise, and several thousand miles
weie saved m the distance, the trade to the East
would not take this route, because, with the rail-
road, the isthmus cuts the voyage in two; it renders
two voyages necessary, one on the Atlantic, and
the other on the Pacific, with an uncertainty as to
a return cargo for either.
What would vessels coming from Liverpool or
New York to Chagres have tor a return cargo?
To carry on the trade with China through itus
route would require a large commercial town on
the Atlantic, at the terminus of the railroad, where
the products of the East might be brought, and
from which return cargoes could be obtained. But
there js and can be no such town there, and it is
doubtful whether there is any harbor suitable for
commerce. Thesame difficulty will be experienced
at Panama. And if, by turning our trade into this
channel, a commercial city could be built up, it
would be in a foreign country, and must share a
large part of the advantages of the trade which
would be lost to us.
Sir, the advantages of this railroad would be
confined to our trade with California and Oregon,
and the Spanish American countries on the Pacific,
to which may be added our whale fisheries in the
Pacific. Our trade with the Russian possessions
on the noithwest coast is unimportant. And what
is our trade with the South American States on
the Pacific? It is very small; we have the most
with Chili, and that only amounts to one or two
millions. And whether that would take this route
is very doubtful. According to tables which I
have consulted, the distance to Valparaiso by way
of the Cape is only four hundred and fifty miles
further than by the Isthmus of Panama. The
railroad, therefore, would hardly be expected to
change the course of that trade. With Peru and
the other States on that coast our'commerce is still
more inconsiderable. As to the whale fisheries
this road might be of some convenience to that
interest, yet could not essentially change the course
of that trade until we have commercial towns on
the Pacific coast suitable for refitting the vessels
engaged in that business. These vessels cannot
go out nor return by way of the isthmus, and of
course must make the voyage, as at present, around
Cape Horn. Our settlements on the Pacific coast
may be convenient to them, but this will not de-
pend on ttj,e isthmus road.
Tlje principal benefit to our commerce which
we can hope to derive from this road will be in the
intercourse witli our own possessions on the Pa-
cific. And how important is this likely to be within
the ten years for which this bill provides? There
has recently sprung up, as if by enchantment, a
trade with California assuming an important as-
pect. But this, as every one knows, has arisen
entirely from one cause—the discovery of tile gold
mines in that country. The present state of things
is novel and extraordinary. Nobody can suppose
that it can last long. There is a sudden collection
of people there from the countries on the Pacific
and from the States, in pursuit of gold. The coun-
try was destitute of supplies of food and of every-
thing else tor a population so suddenly thrown
upon it. Hence it is supposed that at present there
is a large demand there for food and merchandise.
But this state of things cannot last long. A new
and fertile country cannot long be dependent for
food upon a distant part of the Union, and be sub-
ject to the expense of transportation eight or nine
thousand miles. It will be a very expensive mode
of supply, and gold must be gathered up like dirt
to justify it. Oregon and many parts of California
are good grain countries, and both have abundance
of cattle, so that they must soon, probably another'
season, supply the demand for food. What then
will they want from us? Why, they may want
some of our manufactures and some of the goods
we bring from Europe. And what have they to
give us in exchange? Little, 1 believe, except
their gold dust. When a more settled state of
society exists there, what will be the probable
extent of this trade? Population is the first and
mam element Qf the trade of any country; and
what will that be within this limited period ? If
we suppose two or three hundred thousand, the
demand for manufactures and goods cannot be very
great—not great certainly m respect to freight, and
the return in gold iSill be still less. Still, I do not
deny that this road might be very convenient to .
the intercourse which is likely to exist between
our Atlantic seaports and California and Oregon.
It will be the most important for the transportation
of persons. There may be also some political con-
siderations connected with this subject. Some-
thing may be due from us to those distant infant
settlements. It is desirable, no doubt, to afford
them every reasonable facility of intercourse, not
only with the Atlantic States, but with the great
valley of the Mississippi. This would tend to con-
ciliate their good will and attach them to the Union.
But will this distant route through a foreign coun-
try answer this purpose? Must we not have some-
thing better—something which will more intimately
and effectually connect their interests with ours?
This seems to be admitted; -for the Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Benton] tells us that he considers
this as only a temporary measure. But shall we
not be paying too dear for a temporary conveni-
ence? May not the sum which we are to pay out
of the treasury be equal to a considerable part of
the profit of the entire trade to that coast? As a
permanent route for the trade and intercourse be-
tween the Atlantic and Western States and our
possessions on the Pacific, it is subject to the most
serious objections, and is hardly deserving of con-
sideration. A circuitous and expensive route
through a foreign country, requiring a tranship-
ment, is not such a channel of trade and inter-
course as ought to connect the two parts of a com-
mon country.
There are numerous objections to this route to
which 1 have not alluded; the -want of harbors
both on the Atlantic and Pacific side; the deadly
climate of the former, and the dangers to naviga-
tion frotn the northers; the exposed situation of
Chagres, fiom its proximity to the Island of Ja-
maica, where the British have an important naval
station. In case of a war with that Powe,r, it
would require our whole navy to defend it. In
time of war, it could not be-relied upon.
