1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
418
With so many objections and difficulties staring
us in the face, is it worth our while to engage the
Government in a doubtful enterprise of this kind?
Is it worth while to expend five millions in a rail-
road in a foreign country? Sir, I do not like the
aspect of it. It looks too much like a revival of
that policy, that exploded policy, which we once
entered upon, of carrying on works of internal
improvements in connection-with private compa-
nies or corporations. This was the form ill which
this Government first'lent its aid to objects of this
kind. It subscribed to stock for works of improve-
ment, and invested something like ten millions in
that way, which resulted in very little benefit to
the public, and was a total loss to the Government.
With the exception of the works at the Falls of
the Ohio, near Louisville, I believe we have never
.received a dollar into the treasury from those heavy
expenditures. 1 will not say more on this subject.
1 do not know that I can vote for this bill in any
form; but as it is now, 1 shall certainly have to
vote against it.
Mr. ALLEN. It is very obvious, sir, that if it
be the vv^ll of the Senate to pass this bill, embra-
cing, as it does, an ob ject of such magnitude, and
promising to bring with it so many consequences,
the Senate ought to go into a critical examina-
tion not only of the general principle upon which
it stands, but of the measure itself, in all of its
details. This, sir, will be a matter of some labor,
and will consume much of the time of the Senate,
because many questions, relating to the deta^^of
this thing, must be made- in the various pioposi-
tions to amend. We are now, sir, past the middle
of this short session, and, although I am not aware
that wo have any very extraordinary business
demanding, for any extraordinary reasons, our
prompt attention, still I think it would be a useless
waste of time to enter into the discussion of all the
questions arising upon the details of this measure,
until we know something about the temper of the
Senate towards the measure itself. Undoubtedly
the proposition submitted by the Senator from
Mississippi is founded in solid reason. If I com-
prehend the proposition, it is this: that the Gov-
ernment of the United States shall pay no more
forthe transportation ofitsmen and property across
-the isthmus than other people pay for the trans-
portation of their bodies and their property. The
defect in the proposition is, that it anticipates the
use of this road, and engages the Government to
employ the road to transport its men and arms and
munitions of war, when it would be quite time to
do so after the road is completed. But, sir, 1 go
not now into this matter—I will not enter into the
details of this discussion. I will not, for instance,
go into a discussion of that part of the bill m which
the rate of transportation is fixed at eight dollars
per ton over a road to be some thirty-odd miles
long, whilst at the same time vessels are freighted
at Boston for Canton, to run over a line of eigh-
teen thousand miles for fifteen dollars a ton. I do
not choose to go into these details; but, in order
to try the temper of the Senate in regard to this
measure, and to let us see whether it is worth«our
while to spend day in and day out in debating its
details, 1 move, sir, that the bill be indefinitely
postponed, and I ask for the yeas and nays oti that
motion
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WEBSTER. I should regret, sir, that a
measure which I regard as exceedingly important, !
should be disposed of by indefinite postponement.
I had hoped that the measure might be a lowed to
proceed until its details were arranged so that they
might be satisfactory to the Senate, and I rise
merely to, express my opinion m favor of the
measure, generally, concurring ill it especially for
the reasons assigned by the honorable Senator
from Missouri, i think the circumstances of the
country call for the adoption of this particular
measure. I do not mean to say, sir, that there
may not be several modes of establishing a com-
munication with the Pacific coast that are equally
desirable. I am willing to say, on the other hand,
that I have regarded the subject of a communica-
tion across from the Atlantic to the Pacific, by way
of Tehuantepec, as preferable, on account of its
beifig nearer to our ports on the Gulf; and 1 will
add, that if the proposition for a railroad were
now before us, connecting the two oceans by that
route, and the proposition had advanced so far that
we could pronounce it to be practicable, I should
give it my most hearty support. I do not think
th,e view which has been adopted by the Senator
from Connecticut is entirely correct, that the pres-
ent exigency for a channel of communication will
be a very short one. I do not apprehend that there
will cease to be an occasion for a great deal ofSn-
tercourse between the Atlantic and Pacific, and
between our own Territories on either side of
the continent. I think the progress of things is
onward; and, let the speculations and operations
in the gold mines go forward more or less rap-
idly, I think an intercourse is now to be opened
for general purposes of trade and commerce be-
tween the Atlantic and Pacific. I have not devoted
my attention to the particular provisions or details
of this measure. I am not in possession of such
estimates as enable me to say whether the limita-
tions so called in the bill now on your table, or the
limitation which will be in the same bill if the
motion of the Senator from Connecticut prevail, is
the best limitation. The bill pro,poses to authorize
the Secretary of the Navy to contract for the trans-
portation of thesegoods and mei chandise, munitions
of war, and troops across the isthmus, and to pay
for this transportation an annual sum. The bill
limits that sum at two hundred and fifty thousand
dollars. The Senator from Connecticut moves to
substitute one hundred and fifty thousand. With-
out more information than I have upon this point,
I cannot say which would be the proper sum. 1
understand that the parties who have undertaken
the construction of the road estimate the cost of its
construction at four or five millions of dollars; and
they have founded their opinion upon the cost
commonly attending the construction of roads in
the United States, economically conducted, making,
of course, proper allowance for the necessarily
augmented cost of a work to be done so far from j
the resources wliich are to supply the means. It!
is known, too, sir, that a very great reduction for j
wear and tear is made from the receipts of all rail- j
roads, so that the general estimates of income, by j
reference to any ordinary rule of computation, not j
allowing for the wear of the road, would be very i
inadequate to represent the actual state of things i
that will arise when the road has been completed. j
Now, it is evident, sir, that this proposed road
| will shorten the distance between the ports of the j
United States on the Atlantic and the ports of the !
United States on the Pacific, li is a nearer route ;
by not less than ten thousand mites of sailing—I ;
believe certainly not less than nine thousand. It ]
will shorten the communication in point of time :
more than ong-half, and whatever shortens the j
time diminishes the cost. If troops are to be con- i
veyed, they are under pay while at sea; if mum- I
tions of war or merchandise are to be transported,
they ought to reach their destination within as short
a time as possible; and in every point of view m
which we can make an estimate of this matter, we
must all, I think, see that a great, a very great, I
am not prepared to say how great, saving will
mure to the United States by adopting the shortest
route.
I will state, sir, that with respect to other modes
of conveyance, 1 have no doubt that we shall ere
long have them across the continent from our own
frontier territory on one side to thfit on the other.
1 entertain as little doubt that there will be a com-
munication established over the other route through
Tehuantepec. I entertain no doubt at all about
this; but i do think that there is an exigency, a
present want of conveyance, and that this is the
readiest and the only leady mode of obtaining it.
I think there is a prospect, if tins project be
favored by the Government of the United States,
from the known enterprise of the respectable gen- :
tlemen who have undertaken it, that it will be as •
sure to be accomplished as any work can possibly
be. My honorable friend fiojri Ohio says that it
will be time enough to make this contract when <
the work is done. In ordinary cases this would
be very true; but it must be remembered that this :
is a very great work, requiring an expenditure of
four or five millions of dollars, and it is but reason- i
able that those who embark their fortunes m it :
should have some assurance that they will receive
the patronage of the Government. j
Now, in respect to the amount of money to be !
paid, no man knows less what would ue the prop-
er sum to be paid than I do. If it be the pleasure
of the Senate and the other branch of Congress,
that matter may be left more in the discretion and
within the control of Congress hereafter. I do not
look upon this a« a matter by which a speculation
is to be made on the part of the contractors out of
the treasury of the United States. Upon the whole,
I think the work ought to be commenced as early
as practicable, and that it ought to be speedily
completed, for the reasons stated by the Senator -
from Missouri. This plan appears practicable;
l think the object is attainable, and I think it is
attainable at a reasonable expense, and, therefore,
I am decidedly in favor of the amendment. At the
same time, I shall concur in any amendment or
alteration, either with the view of reducing the
expense or limiting still further the Navy Depart-
ment with respect to the extent to which it will
pledge the credit of the United States. I think, as
1 said before, that the circumstances of the coun-
try call for the road, and there is nothing in these
circumstances that is likely to make it so short-
lived or temporary as some Senators seem to
imagine; that there is no probability that this work
will not be necessary for a number of years. And
I repeat again, if there were a proposition now be^
fore us for the other route, and if that proposition
were in as advanced a state as this, and if we were
to have but one, 1 would give the preference to the
route over Tehuantepec; but I still think that as
this work is practicable, and as a channel of com-
munication is necessary for us, we ought not to
hesitate to adopt the one proposed, in order that
we may avail ourselves of the advantages which it
will furnish, until we shall be able to construct a
road through our own territory.
Mr. BUTLER. This is one of the various pro-
jects, and itis but one, foropening a communication
with our Pacific possessions; and, however great
that object may be, which I approve of thus far,
the question really involved is, how this Govern-
ment can, within its constitutional power, contrib-
ute its money to aid a project of this kind? Now
the bill puts it upon the narrow ground of <an ex-
ecutory grofind, of a common carrier, a carrier
j who has obtained a right of #ay from New Gfra-
! nada. Well, put it upon the groundr%f a contract:
| I have a right to ask the question, why have you,
| on J'OUI- part, agreed upon this arbitrary sum of
| two millions and a half of dollars? Why have
i you agreed to give this particular sum ?
! Mr. WEBSTER. It is an authority to the Sec-
i retary, and not a direction.
| Mr. BUTLER. But the language of the bill
, originally was " directed." "Authorized" is the
, term employed in the substitute. And I should
regard those terms as synonymous in the sense in
, which they are employed. I have been utterly at
j a loss to know why this sum is specified bef'ore-
| hand as a sum to be paid for services the amount
: of which cannot now be ascertained. As common
] carriers, the interest of the proprietors of the road
I will lead -them to take all the freight that will be
! offered to them; and if they are willing to carry
for a reasonable price, I have no doubt they will
receive the patronage of the Government. It is a
work, undoubtedly, of great magnitude, and I
should be unwilling to interpose anything which
would tend to defeat their purpose; but I must say
now that I do not know by what power Congress
is authorized to pass such an act as this, except
! we refer it to the power given to Congress for the
' regulation of commerce. I have no doubt the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts will readily
refer it to that; it is a very broad power, and pcr-
j haps the only one to which the right to pass such
: an act as this is referable. I must be permitted to
say that when this practice shall spring up, if it
! should find countenance now, I shall have very
i great difficulty, under such a broad power as that,
in giving it my sanction. I am willing to say,
. that if the Constitution of the United States should
, be so altered as to confer the power upon Congress
; under some limitation of this kind, I should be
' willing to acquiesce; but without this, I know of
■ no limitation by which money may be expended
; under the direction of the Government for such a
: purpose. It is a project or pretext for the grant of
, two millions and a half of dollars to be devoted to
! an enterprise which this Government is prohibited
from undertaking.
I will not pretend to discuss the relative merits
of the different routes across the isthmus. As far
, as I have examined the subject, my preference is
| for the higher route, believing it will be safer,
j I did not rise, however, to discuss this matter,
, but merely to say that in regard to all these pro-
! jects I shall take the liberty, whenever they are pre-
I scnted, of examining them very closely before i
