414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
give my vote in favor of them. I shall always hes-
itate to give my sanction to any project for the
expenditure of money under the color of a contract,
when there is a constitutional objection to the ex-
penditure of the money under legislative authority.
The principle is not changed by covering the trans-
action and giving to it the color of a legislative
bargain. If it be a bargain, it is a bad one. Such
a practice should not be established.
Mr. CLAYTON. I have long had this object
of establishing a passage, either by railroad or
canal, across the isthmus in view. In 1835 I had
thfe honor to offer to the Senate of the United States
a resolution for instituting a mission to the Gov-
ernments of Central America and New Granada, for
the purpose of paving the way for cutting a canal
across the isthmus. The resolution was adopted,
after considerable discussion, by the Senate, I be-
lieve without a dissenting vote, at least so it would
appear from the Journal. The resolution was tQ
this effect:
"Resolved, That the Ptesident of the United States be
respectfully requested to consider the expediency of opening
negotiations with the Government* of other nations, and
parhctiUufy the Governments of Central Amenea and New
Granada, for thp purpose of '-fieetuallv piotecung, by suita-
ble tieaty stipulations with them, siioh individuals 01 com-
panies as may undertake to open a communication between
the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans, by the construction of a
ship canal across the isthmus which connects North and
South America, and of securing forever, bv such stipula-
tion's, the free and equal rightof navigating such canal to all
such nations, 011 the payment of such reasonable tolls as
may be established, to compensate the capitalists who may
engage in such undertaking, and complete the work."
In pursuance of the suggestion herein contained,
the President of the United States sent a charge
d'affaires to the Republics of Central America and
New Granada, but the enterprise fell through, as I
think, on account of the incompetency of the min-
ister sent, and nothing was done in furtherance of
my proposition, or for the accomplishment of the
different projects wfrich Were suggested at the time
for making Either canal or railroad across the
isthmus.
We are now in the middle of the nineteenth
century, and I think, with deference to those gen-
tlemen who have expressed their views in regard
to this subject, that it is a disgrace to the age in
, which we live, and to the country in which we
live, that as yet no passage, by either railroad or
canalnhas been obtained from ocean to ocean,either
by Tehuantepec or Panama. Here is a propo-
sition now before us for expending some two or
three millions of dollars to save us nine thousand
miles of ship navigation, and the most dangerous
navigation in the world. The question is, whether
these two or three millions of doiLus shall be ex-
pended for such a purpose? And on this occasion,
as well as on former occasions on which this sub-
ject has been presented, we have been met with
the objection that there are other and better routes;
one of which is by railroad from the Mississippi
to the Pacific, the other at Tehuantepec. On this
subject i think and feel dispo.-ed to act very much
like the Senator from Massachusetts. If I could
obtain a railroad or canal across the Isthmus of
Tehuantepec, I would prefer it, and for reasons
which I think will readily suggest themselves to
any one who will look at the map. It is a vastly
better route for our own country; but I cannot
disguise from myself the fact that either of these
routes is calculated to throw the control of the
commerce that is conducted through those chan-
nels into the lap of the United States, for I hold
that no other country can compete with the United
States successfully upon either of these loutes.
I am not prepared to say that the sum stated in j
the bill is precisely the proper sum; I have not sufti-
cient information to enable me to judge accurately ■
of that. I must rely on the judgment of others,
whose peculiar business it is to make estimates of
the necessary expenditures. I must take the esti- j
mates of engineers, and from them it appears that |
it will cost thiee millions of dollars to make the !
road. We know that very important expenses !
must be encountered 011 this route other than those ;
which are ordinarily incurred in the construction j
of roads of this description of the same length. It j
is stated that it will be necessary to constiuct a !
piei 011 the Pacific as well as on the Atlantic side. I
Now, whenever a proposition shall be offered to j
me for making a railroad, or for assisting m ma- j
king a road across the Isthmus of Tehuantepec, [ !
shall give it a favorable consideration. I have j
steady stated that I preferthat route. Ido&otknow I
but a road may be made there; I earnestly kope
that it may, but I am not insensible to many of
the difficulties which will present themselves there.
It is stated on most respectable authoiity that a
rdHroad across that isthmus must necessarily be a
hundred and fifty miles m length, and that there
is el bar at the entrance to the harbor which will
not admit vessels drawing more than twelve feet;
another statement says fourteen, and even eighteen
feet; and 1 have received information from very
respectable sources verifying both these opposing
statements. I do not undertake to decide between
them. It is stated also that in Tehuantepec the
northers blow during a portion of the year with
great violence, and that violent storms prevail also
on the Pacific side. Senators an£ aware that the
Indian name Tehuantepec is said to be literally,
however coarsely, translated by the English words,
"a hell of a blow." Now, whether the winds are
more violent on either side of the isthmus of Te-
huantepec than elsewhere, I do not know. We
shall probably be informed upon that point. But
it is feared that these northers, with bad harbors,
may present formidable obstacles on that route.
The route across the Isthmus of Panama is un-
doubtedly practicable, whatever objections may be
urged against it, and I shall vote for the pioposiiion
to assist the contractors to make a railroad there,
desiring at the same time to guard the country
against any imposition. %
Let something practicable be now done. Let us
have a route across either the Isthmus of Tehtian-
tepec or Panama. There is no proposition beiore
us for a route across Tehuantepec, but we have a
proposition m favor of the other route. W e know
that the individuals applying to us have purchased
the light of way at Panama, and we know that
j they will make some kind or a h)ad there within
| eight yeais. But I think it desuable (if it be prac-
j ucable) to have the road made in two years; and
; I uudeistand that if wc give the assistance which
is asked for by the petitioners, they can and will
make the road m two years. Sir, it is only a ques-
tion of time. I repeat that, from what 1 can learn,
it is a matter of ceitamty that the road will be made
withm eight years; for the contractors have bound
themselves to do the woi k withm#that time, or else
to forfeit one hundred and twenty live thousand
dollars, paid by them into the treasury of New
Granada, it is merely a question, then, whether
the road shall be made within eight years or within
two yeais.
This is to be an American road. It will have
that character abroad, do what you may. Amen
can citizens are intrusted with the construction of
it. Well, if this woik is to be, and be called an
American work, 1 desire that it should be a road
worthy of the American name; and m my opinion
the American Government should, within us con
stnutional sphere, aid as far as it can individual
enterprise in making a road worthy of the Ameri-
can character. I do not want a road attempted
there by individuals and carried on by piecemeal,
commencing with a railroad of a few miles, and
perhaps ending for some years to come with a
plank or a mule road. 1 desire that the improve-
ment should gd on continuously and in the short-
est practicable time. And now allow me one gen-
eral remark 111 regard to the sum to be cxpenUed,
I would aid, as far as the constitutional power of
the Government will enable us to do it, in making
a road from the Mississippi river to the Pacific, or
a road across the Isthmus of Tehuantepec, as 1
design to aid m the construction of the load pro-
posed by this bill, and whatever the cost of a pas-
sage by canal or lailroad actoss to the Pacific 011
either isthmus may be, whether two millions, two
and a half millions, six millions, twenty millions, or
even fitty millions, i say, sir, that the wit of man
cannot find any other mode of expending the same j
amount of money as much for the benefit of this
country and of the whole human family. And 1 re- ]
peat that 1 do think, that m the miudic of the nine-''
teenth century, it is a disgrace to the Government i
that nothing has yet been attempted with success to I
save our commeice the dangerous navigation of 1
nine thousand miles around the cape. 1 take the i
proposition now before us because it is practica- '
t>le. I would not delay the work from year to j
year and from day to day. If we can, by expend- 1
ing the sum of two ami a half millions of dollars j
or less, accomplish so great an object, I say, for ;
one, that I am willing to authorize the expendi- |
ture. . 1
 Jan. 81,
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I agree with the
Senator from Delaware m a part of "what he has
said, and differ very widely with him in relation
to other portions of his remarks. I think, if there
is any ground for mortification in regard to this
matter, it is that this Republic,, the mother of the
republics of the American continent, does'not con-
template the transportation of the property of the
Government and of the citizens •bf the Republic
within her own limits; that she does not construct
for herself, if she have the constitutional power to
undertake such work at all, a road from the valley
of the Mississippi to the western limit of the ter-
ritorial possessions of the United States. ]f I
weie to contemplate the idea of constructing a
road, either through the instrumentality of the
Government exclusively, or by advances of money
made to contractors for that purpose, 1 should
make the line of road pass through the territory
of the United States. Such a road I would regard
as more advantageous to the interests of this coun-
try and its citizens. I would consider U preferable
in a commercial point of view, and still more so
upon political considerations, that oar citizens and
their property, instead of being separated from
the country in their transit from one portion of
the United States to the other, should be kept
within our own limits; and that the connection
with our remote possessions should be as direct
as possible. It is not that I have any want of confi-
dence in the attachment of any American citizen to
tl^overnment of the United States; for 1 have
an abiding confidence in that attachment. I be-
lieve that it is not to be broken off, however widely
they may be separated from the Government. But,
if anything is calculated to invite or lead to a for-
getfttlness of that attachment, it would be for our
citizens to find themselves on the shores of the Pa-
cific a powerful people, having an exteusive com-
merce with Asia, without any communication with
the United States, and with the legislature sitting
here to fix the laws governing their intercourse,
both domestic and foreign. If that people are to
be bound permanently to this Union, if it is to be
made their interest in all time to come to remain a
portion of the United States, then I say it is neces-
sary that a ready and accessible means of commu-
nication should be afforded them; and the links of
communication must be continuous, towns, vil-
lages, and hamlets, must extend along the hue of
communication, from tjie seat of the General Gov-
ernment until we stand upon the shores of the Pa-
cific. This must be our ulterior object, and all
other measures in reference to this subject must be
considered as temporary expedients only.
I am not willing to see this Government perma-
nently coupled with any work outside of the Uni-
ted States, and if we are to have any connection
whatever with this proposed Panama road, let it
be temporary, and let it be in dollars paid for heads
and tons conveyed, and let them bear the charge
of making the road. I am not willing to pay any
stipulated sum to this company in prospect, or
when they have perfected the work, other til an
that which they may receive upon a contract lor
carrying public stores or for carrying persons,
when they are in readiness to perform such work.
It is "with this view that I have presented the
amendment. And, adopting the bill in that form,
we shall be equally ready to avail ourselves of the
road across Tehuantepec, if one be constructed
there. I believe that the route proposed will be
subject to interruptions from foreign countries, es-
pecially m time of war. I believe with the Sena-
tor from Delaware, that the Tehuantepec route
would connect itself more intimately with the in-
terests of the United States; but there are other
considerations which should not be lost sight ot.
We have no light of way, and the time must be
remote when a road will be constructed tlieie,
unless the Government of the United States ex-
pend a large sum of money in-the construction of
a road thiough the Republic of Mexico. Not-
withstanding the amusing definition which the
honorable gentleman gave of the name of Tehuan-
tepec—and which, I suppose, was given by him
moie in jest than seriously—I will tell him that,
although there are northwest winds sometimes pre-
vailing along that coast, such as he has described,
rendering the approach' of vessels extremely haz-
ardous, yet there are de^p indentations m the
coast where vessels may safely enter, the force of
the waves being broken by the jetting head-lands
which extend for a considerable distance into the
