1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
415
sea«, So far, then, as those two routes are con-
cerned, the advantage is decidedly in favor of
Tehuantepec. But it is not my purpose to enter
into this question at all. We have nothing to do
with one or the other of them; they are foreign
routes; we neither propose to determine the route
nor to build the roads; but if they are built, and
their services are afforded to us at reasonable
rates, then let us avail ourselves of them, whether
the road be through Tehuantepec or Panama. 1
therefore say again, that i am opposed to any
proposition to expend even the hundredth part of
the sum stated by the Senator from Delaware in
the construction of a road. I wish to confine the
expenditure of any money for the establishment
of a communication with the Pacific within our
own country, taking such a course as will lead
in a direct line through the valjey of the Missis-
sippi to the Pacific. Wherever the passage of the
mountains may be most advantageously made,
let the road he there constructed, and let us look
finally to the accomplishment of a direct passage
across the 'continent, within the limits of the
United States, from one sea to the other. If I
succeed in the proposition which I have made
to amend the bill, by striking out all that relates
to the rates of compensation, in the form of an-
nual payments to be made to the company, and all
limitations, it s>hall then be followed by an amend-
ment which shall stipulate that the Government
of the United States shall pay for transportation
a rate which shali not ex*eed that fixed in the^e-
ond section of the bill upon the persons and prop-
erty of American citizens. The Government cer-
tainly will be able to make contracts with the
company for the transportation of persons and
goods upon moie favorable terms than the tariff
we would be authorized to fix. And I have no reason
to believe, from any computation that I have been
able to make, that the sum thus annually to be paid
by the Government would reach the amount which
is contemplated by this bill. But, whatever the
amount, be it more or less, it should be compen-
sation for services rendered. As the bill stands,
if it should come to pass that we should wish to
abandon that road, having another communication
open to us, we must still continue our payments in
the same manner as though we received services.
This is a distinction which 1 would give to no road in
our own country, and certainly not to a road with-
out the limits of our own country. Opposed to inter-
nal improvements by the Government, I cannot be-
come the advocate of external improvements. They
jest upon the same principle, and, so far as that
principle is to be extended to give advantage to any
one, it should be to those who seek to open internal
communication, and to give commercial advantages
to the United States. I have never myself, in any
examination of the bill as amended, believed that
the language bore the construction which has been
placed upon it; but, sucFt being the construction, I
wish to get rid of the difficulty, and it is for that
purpose that i have offered the amendment.
Mr. DICKINSON. Mr. President, I ask that
this matter may be laid over so that we may have
an Executive session. The consideration of Ex-
ecutive business necessary to be acted upon imme-
diately has been postponed from day to day during
the last wfifck or two. I move that the further
consideration of this bill be postponed until to-
morrow. •
The motion was carried.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of Executive business, and, after some time spent
therein, the doors weie reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. '
Wednesday, January 31, 1849. |
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved. 1
Mr. CABELL, by unanimous consent, present- '
ed sundry joint resolutions oi the Legislature of _
Florida, viz: I
A resolution asking Congress to take some !
action to keep the Indians ol Florida witnin their j
prescribed boundaries. Reieired to the Commit- |
tee on Indian Allans.
A resolution asking Congress to allow the claim j
of Michael Lcdwith. Refeired to the Committee ;
on Claims. * |
A resolution relative to the establishment of a ;
port of entry and delivery atCedar Keys, on the |,
! Gulf of Mexico. Referred to the Committee on
! Commerce.
A resolution asking a grant of a quarter section
of land to each of the counties of Calhoun and
Benton, for the location of a county site in ea<^i
I county; and
I A resolution asking for a grant of a quarter sec-
I tion of land to each of the counties of Washington
i and Holmes, in the State of Florida, for the ioca-
] tion of a county site; which resolutions were re-
| ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
| A resolution asking the establishment of mail
j routes in the counties of Change, St. Lucie, and
| Dade, in the State of Florida;
j A resolution relative to the establishment of cer-
, tain fiail routes;
I A lesolution asking Congress to establish a cer-
tain mail route therein named; which resolutions
| were referred to the Committee on the Post Oiiice
I and Post Roads.
} A resolution asking Congress to pass the claim
! of the Rev. John Tucker, as chaplain for Garri-
| son's battaliont Florida militia;
A resolution asking Congress for the payment
of the claim of Captain Thomas Langforci and his
men, for certain services as volunteers in the Sem-
inole war;
A resolution remonstrating against the removal
of the military munitions, ordnance, &c., fiom the
garrison at JSt. Augustine, and asking for furthtr
protection of the eastern fiontierof Flonda;
A resolution asking the passage of a law grant-
ing land to the offices and soldiers who served m
the Florida war;
A resolution urging upon Congress the payment
of certain companies of Florida volunteers; winch
resolutions were referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs. • m
Ort'motion of Mr. CABELL, it was
Ordered, That said resolutions of the General Assembly
of the State oi Florida he panted.
Mr. C. remarked that he had been for some time J
j endeavoring to obtain the floor to piesenc these j
resolutions. He meiely desned that they might '
be referred as they were endorsed. j
Mr. TURNER, by leave, presented the petition ,
of Thomas Drummond and other citizens of Gale- j
na, praying for a reduction in the rates of postage j
and the abolition of the flanking privilege; which ,
was referred to the Committee on the Post Oiiice i
and Post Roads. !
Mr. BURT called for the regular orders of the
day.
The SPEAKER stated that the regular order of
business was the call of the committees tor re-
ports. And the Speaker accordingly proceeded to
call for them, commencing where the caii was last
suspended.
REFORTS OX<' COMMITTEES.
Mr. J. II. INGERSOLL, from the Committee
on the judiciary, reported a bill for the relief of
John E. Bispham, of the United States navy;
which was lead twice, and committed to the Com-
mittee of the Whole. j
Mr. 1., from the same committee, reported a bill |
for the relief of Francis Moreno; which was read i
twice, and committed to the Committee of the j
Whole. j
Mr. I., from the same committee, to whom was i
refeired the bill from the Senate entitled An act i
concerning testimony,'' reported the same back to i
the House, with amendments; which were lead \
and conouired in by Lhe House. j
Ali. 1NGERSOLL explained. He said it would j
be seen that the bill fiom the Senate consisted of !
two parts. The Solicitor of the Treasury was :
very anxious to have the power to give, from the .
dilierent departments of the Government, authentic |
copies of the lecouis theie in the same way in
which authority was given to furnish authenticated .
copies of recoids from the Department of Stale. :
In the propriety of this course the Committee on ,
the J uuiciary entirely concurred. And the second .
section of the bill gave that authority, to winch
theie was no objection. _ j
The second section proposed, that in all cases \
relating to land titles, and so foith, tx pane depo- j
sitions might be taken under the direction of the ;
minister, consul, or other oriicer abroad, (ol couise, j
being ex patle, without any kmAvledge or notice !
given to the parues that they weie interested in it.) j
The Committee on the Judiciary thought that tins j
was a matter worthy of very grave consideration, j
and they were not prepared to recommend its pas-
sage. Upon conferring with the Solicitor of the
. Treasury, he concurred in the amendment reported
; by the Committee on the Judiciary, to strike out
, that portion of the bill. There were other amend-
i ments also, the object of which was, to mak« the
| other parts of the bill conform to this amendment,
after the first section should have been stricken
out.
Mr. I. moved that the amendment be passed.
The amendments were severally concurred in.
And the bill (having bpen ordered to a third
reading at this time) was read a third time and
passed, and the title amended so as to read " An
act for authenticating certain records."
RELIEF OF WILLIAM PLUMMER.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, from the Committee
on the Judiciary, to whom was referred Senate bill
entitled " An act for the relief of William Plum-
mer, executor of Sharkey Armistead, deceased,"
reported the same back to the House, without
amendment.
Mr. I. said that there was peculiar hardship in
the case, and it presented circumstances of strong
appeal for the action of the House, although it
was a private bill.
Mr. I. biiefly explained the circumstances of the
: case, and asked that the bill might be put upon its
! passage.
| The bill was then read in full.
j The SPEAKER said, the question would then
' be on the third reading of the bill,
j Mr. FICKLIN moved that it be committed to
j the Committee of the Whole. The bill, he be-
| lieved, had been here two or three sessions.
j The SPEAKER. To what committee does the :
! gentleman move that the bill be committed?
I Mr. FICKLIN. I suppose, being a private
; bill, that it goes upon the private calendar. I
I move its reference to the Committee of the Whole.,
i The SPEAKER stated the question.
| And the question having been taken, it was de-
j cided in the negative.
j So the bill was not committed.
: And then the bill was read a third time and
' passed.
j On motion of Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, the
; Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from
i the further consideration of so much-of the me-
■ morial of Henry O'Reilly as relates to the im-
peachment of Judge Munroe. And also from the
further consideration of the bill regulating evidence.-
| in the circuit and district courts of the United
States; and said bill was laid on the table.
| On motion of Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL,
j Ordered, That the Committee on the Judiciary be dis-
i chaiged troin tne Anther consideration of the resolution of
the House of the 21st December last, instructing sau^.com-
mittee to inquire into the expediency of so amending the
laws providing for the naturalization of foreigners-as to au-
thorize the clerks of the proper courts to administei the
oath, and i^sue the final certificate ol naturalization, under
the seal of said court*, during the vacation of the tame;
and that the resolution he laid on the table.
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT,
Mr. EDWARDS, fiom the Committee on the
District of Columbia, reported a bill to prohibit
the introduction of slaves into the District of Co-
lumbia as merchandise, or for sale or hire; which
bill was read twice.
Mr. WENTWORTH called for the reading of
the bill.
And the bill having been read through—as fol-
lows:
A BI LL to prohibit the introduction of slaves into the Dis-
tuct ot Columbia as merchandise, ot 1'or suh. or litre.
lie it nuI'tdl hj lhe Senate end House oj Rcpre*evh-tives cf
the L'nJcd ShJcs of ~2me>ica i,i Congress assembled, That the
buM!ie>- or inn otthcmir or impoitmg slaves into the District
ol Columbia a- merchandise, or for sale or Jure, be and the
same i- heiehy prohibited.
Se.\ -2. I'ind be itjuither enacted, If any person shall here-
after bimgor import any slave or slave*, into the District
a;o'e-a'd as merchandise, or for the puipose of selling or
hums; such slave or slaves, or shall be accessory thereto, the
peison or persons so oiiendiug shall he deemed iziiiliy of a
misdemeanor, and on conviction thereof shall be fined in
the sum of live hundred -dollars, and he imprisoned a term
notle&s than one, noi more than six months, at the discre-
tion of the court, fur each and eveiysluve by linn brought
into the District ufoiesaid as merchandise, or lor sale or
hir<\
Sec. 3. *dnd be it further cnctefed, That all contract* or
Humous made or entered into, and all agreement--, vvhfther
vetbai or in unting, when the consideiauon or am pait
thereot has been toi a slave or slavts introduced or un-
polled into the District aforesaid as lm-ichandise, or for Suie
or hire, shall be absolutely null and void.
Sec. 4. *indbeit j writer enacted, Whenever any citizen
