416
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 31.
of the District aforesaid, or other person, shall tyring any
slave or slaves into the District aforesaid, he, she, or they
shall,"within forty- eight hours next after his or their entry
into the District, go before the Clerk of the Circuit Court of
the county of Washington, in the District of Columbia, and
take an oath that said slave or slaves have uot been brought
into this District as merchandise, or for sale or hire, but that
they were brought for his or their own proper use, and for
no other purpose whatever; and it shall be the duty of the
clerk of said court to give the person milking oath a certifi-
cate, under hta official seal, that said oath has been taken
and duly recorded in his office; and it is ffereby made the
duty of said clerk to administer said oath, and to keep a
true and perfect record thereof in his office •> and any person
failing to take such oath and certificate thereof, and shall be
found to have entered this district with a slave or slaves, or
to have received such slave or slaves from any other person
who has entered with them, shall be arrested by the Marshal
of the District, or any of his deputies, or any constable in
said District, to whom a knowledge ot the facts may come ;
and the person so arrested phaJl be immediately taken he-
fore some judge or justice of the District, whose duty it
shall be to recognize said person for his appearance at the
next regular term of the Criminal Court of the county of
Washington, in the District of Columbia, in the sum of five
hundred dollars for each slave so found in his possession;
and on failure of such person to enter into such recogni-
zance, it shall be the duty of such judge or justice to com-
mit hun to jail, unless he is then willing to take she oath
above prescribed, in which case it shall be administered
according to the provisions of this act: Provided, always,
That nothing in this section shall apply to any person or
persons visiting or parsing through this District with his,
her, or their carnage drivers, waiters, or other body-servants,
male 01 female : Provided, further, That nothing in this act
shall he so construed as to prevent any person or persons, in
removing to said District, from bringing with them their
slave or slaves: Jind provided, further, That nothing m this
act be so construed as to prevent persons residing within
this District from introducing any slave or slaves obtained
by marriage, bequest, or other circumstance: Jindprovided,
also, That nothing in this act shall prevent bunging slaves
into the District, as now authorized, lor hire for a term not
exceeding twelve months.
Sec. 5. •flnrf be it further enacted, That any person or pcr-
sons bringing within this District, under any of the provis-
ions of this act, any slave or slave?, shall, within thirty days
of their introduction, file in the clerk's office of the county
of Washington a iccord of the iiaine^, sex, and age of said
slaves; .and an omission to do so shall he construed into an
intention to have introduced such slave or slaves for sale.
vSnc. 6. Jind he it further enacted, That it shall be the duty
of the Secretary of State of the United States;, immediately
after the passage of ibis act, to cause its publication in at
least four newspapers in each slave State of the Union, and
in at lean three of the newspapers of this District, for two
successive months, and this act shall not take eftect until
the first day of August, 1849—
Mr. WENT WORTH inquired of the Speaker
whether it was in order to have the bill engrossed
for a third reading to-day.
The SPEAKER. The question is on commit-
ting the bill to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and on ordering it to be
printed.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I ask the Speaker this
question: If we vote 
Mr, LINCOLN rose to inquire if he could ask
a question.
The SPEAKER said, the colleague of the gen-
tleman [Mr. Went worth J was asking a question
of the Chair.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I want gentlemen to
vote understanding^ on this question. Therefore
I ask whether, in case we vote down the question
of commitment, it will not be in our power to
order that the bill be engrossed for a third reading
to-day ?
The SPEAKER said the bill might be ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I wish to state to this
House the results of the little experience which I
have had in this House for two or three years past
in relation to bills of this description. Since I first
became a member of this House, bills of this char-
acter have from time to time been introduced.
Gentlemen who introduced them had the credit of
so doing. It went forth to the country that prop-
ositions were pending before this House for the
abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia.
The country thinks that we are making great
progress in them, but it does not know, that when
they are referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, there was the end of
them, just the same as if they had nevex been in-
troduced. Now, { hope 
Mr. SAWYER. Will the gentleman permit
me to say a word  '
Mr. WENTWORTH. One moment. I do
not, as gentlemen know, often trouble this House,
and I do not speak lopg when J do rise, i want
to explain the nature of these things, that is ail.
Now, I sincerely hope that the gentleman who
introduced the bill (for it is a tgood bill, perhaps
as good a bill as we shall be able to pass at the
present session) will go with me 
Several Voices; What do you say about the
bill ?
Mr. WENTWORTH. I say that it is a good
bill; or that, if it has defects, it is as good a bill as
we shall be able to pass during the present session.
Therefore, I hope that the gentleman who intro-
duced the bill, and all who are in favor of its ob-
ject^ will manifest it by voting down the motion to
refer to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the "Union, so that the bill may be ordered to a third
reading to-day, and that we may pass it if we can.
Mr. CHAPMAN (chairman of the Committee
on the District of Columbia) said that he had risen
merely for the purpose of giving notice to the
House, that he was,opposed to the bill which had
been reported from that committee. As a mfmber
of it, he must say that this bill, however correct it
might be in the principles which it sought to carry
out, did not meet his sanction or approbation, tie
had risen merely for the purpose of giving this
notice, and of saying that when the bill should come
up for consideration, (as was agreed in committee
that it should,) he designed to move a substitute for
it. That substitute had not yet been prepared-* It
would place this question entirely wftere, in his
humble judgment, it oughtto be placed—within the
powerof the proper authoritiesof this District. As
a member of the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia, he repeated, he could not vote for the
bill, because it contained provisions which, in his
opinion, Congress had no power to pass. He did
not intend at this time to enter into any discussion
either upon the principles of *he bill, or as to the
constitutional difficulties which, to his mind, were
involved in the inquiry what it was right and
proper to do. Without, therefore, entering upon
any argument as to the purposes of the bill, or as
to the constitutional difficulties which surrounded
this question, he merely wished to say that he
was opposed to the provisions of the bid, and that
he should at the proper time, when it came up for
consideration, give his views upon it, and also
upon the constitutional power of the Government
over the question involved in it—at the sa'me time
stating the mode by which he thought .the con-
stitutional difficulty could be alone overcome.
As he had said before, he did not want now to
discuss the bill. A majority of the committee
had authorized his honorable friend from Ohio to
report this bill, and that the motion should be made
to commit it. When it came up for consideration,
he should desire to present his views and to offer
a substitute.
The bill contained a good many amendments,
which were adopted in committee this morning.
These amendments might, some of them, be de-
fective in their language. The committee was
hurried, as every member of this House must.be
aware the committees were always hurried in their
action upon the details of important questions,
ft was not, therefore, in the power of the commit-
tee, in their sitting of this morning, to perfect the
language of various sections and of various amend-
ments which had been agreed to, and the principles
of which had been adopted. The committee,
therefore, proposed that the bill be referred and
printed, so that they and the whole House might
have an opportunity thoroughly to examine the
amendments reported by the sub-committee and
adopted; so that, when the bill should come up,
they would be prepared to decide whether they
would carry out its principles. He himself should
then submit a different proposition.
Mr. HARALSON said, judging from the inti-
mation given by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Wentwortii,] he apprehended that any action
which they might take at this time was not to be
theiinal action of the Congress of the United States.
The gentleman had told them distinctly that it was
about as good a bill as they could pass at this ses-
sion, evidently intimating that it was to be followed
up by further action on this subject. Where it
was ultimately to terminate, no man could foresee;
but they had certain intimations that it was not to
stop here. It was, therefore, the entering wedge for
further action on the subject; and in that view of
the subject, he moved, without further argument,
to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois, rose to make an appeal
to the gentleman/rom Georgia to allow him the
floor a moment for explanation.
Mr.'HARALSON insisted upon his motion
Mr. WENTWORTH asked the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. SMITH renewed his appeal to be allowed
an opportunity for explanation.
Mr. HARALSON. I would yield with great
pleasure were it not for' the fact that I have the
same application from all quarters by gentlemen
who say that they will renew the motion..
Mr. SMITH. I was misrepresented yester-
day by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Brown,] and I wish to set myself right.
The SPEAKER announced the question' on
laying on the table.
Mr. BRODHEAD said, before the vote waa
taken, he desired to propound a question to the
Chair: If the gentleman from Georgia withdrew
the motion to lay on the table, and the previous
question should be demanded and seconded, he
asked the Chair if it would not bring the House to
vote first upon the motion to refer?
The SPEAKER. The motion to commit would
be first in order, not being cut off by the previous
question.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Then I hope the motion to
lay the bill on the table will be withdrawn. The
motion to commit is the proper question.
The question was taken, and the vote stood—,
yeas 72, nays 117—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atkinson, Barrin^er, Bariow, Bayly
Beale, Bedinger, Bocock, Botts, Bowdon, Bowlin, Wiihani
G. Brown, Charles Brown, Ahert G. Biown, Burt, Cabell
Chapman, Clapp, Franklin Clark, Beverly L. Clarke, Clmg-
nian, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cocke, Crozier, Dowieil
Alexander Evans, Feathers-ton, Flournoy, French, Pulton'
Gayle, Goggin, Green, Willafrt P. Hall, Haralson, Harman!
son, Harris, Hill, Isaac E. Holmes, George S. Houston, Inge,
Atyhew Johnson, Geoige W. Junes, Kaufman, Thomas
Butler Kms, La S£te, Ligon, Lumpkin, ?deDowcll, McKay,
McLane, Moisc, Outlaw, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Pils-
bury, Preston, Rhctt, Roman, Shepperd, Simpson, Stanton,
Tlnbodeaux, Jacob Thompson, R. A. Thompson,Tompkins,
Toombs, Venable, Wallace, Wiley, Williams, and Wood-
ward—72.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Adams, Ashmun, Belcher, Bing-
ham, BJackmar, Brady. Brodhead, Butler, Carihy, Catfieart,
Collauier, Collins, Congci, Cranston, Croweil, Darling,
Dickey, Dickinson, Duer,Dunn, Eckcrt, Edsall, EiUvaids,
F/inbree, Nathan Evans, Faran, Farreliy, Fickhn, Fisher,
Freedley, Games, Giddings, Gott, Greeley, Giegory, Gun-
nel!, Hale, N. K. Hall, Hammond, J. G. Hampton, Henley,
Henry,Eluis B. Holmes, Hubbard, Hudson,Hunt,Jo&epii R.
Inger>oll, Jenkins, James H. Johnson, Kennon, Daniel P.
King, Lahui, Win. T. Lawiencc, Sidney Lawrence, Leffier,
Lincoln, Loid, Lynde, Mac-lay, McClelland, Mcllvaine,
Job Mann, Horace Mann, Marvin, Miller, Morris, Muihn,
Murphy, Nelson, Newell, Palfrey, Peaslee, Peck, Petri«,
Pettit, Pollock, Putnam, Reynolds, Richardson, Richey,
Robinson, Rockbill, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell,
Root, Rumsey, St. John, Saw ye), Schenck, Shernll. Silver-
ter, Slingerland, Smart, Robeit Smith, Truman Smith,
Staikweather, Andrew Stewart, Charles E. Stuart^ Strohm,
Strong, Tallntadge, Taylor, James Thompson, Richard W.
Thompson, William Thompson, Thurston, Tuck, Turner,
V.m Dyke, Vinton, Warren, Wentworth, White, Wick,
Wilmot, and WiUon—117.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the table.
The question recurring on the motion to commit
the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union—
Mr. SMITH said he w*as glad that the bill in-
troduced by the gentleman from Ohio, from the
Committee on the District of Columbia, was not
laid on the table. He was in favor of having it
printed and referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, that it might go through
a thorough investigation,and that the House might
act advisedly on this question. He dicl not approve
of the course which had been pursued in the House,
when questions touching the institutions of slavery
in this District had been introduced. H*had been
compelled to give his vote where he could not vote
his wishes, but was forced to take a "choice of
evils. The honorable gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Brown] had yesterday placed him
(Mr. S.) in a category in which he did not be-
long, and, m so doing, had done him injustice.
The SPEAKER interposed and said, the gen-
tleman would take notice that it was not in order
in the House to reply to remarks made in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. SMITH said that his object in alluding to •
the speech of the gentleman m committee, and other
action of the House on this question, was to show
the importance of the reference of this bill to ths
Committee of the Whole, and he trusted no ob-
jections would be made to his proceeding with his
remarks.
The honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania,
in his speech of yesterday, said :
" What do we see? I am sorry my colleague from the
northern district is not here, for X have a woid to say to
him. Another resolution has been introduced at this ses-
sion to allow every person m this Distiict to vote—black
and white, all colors, bond and free—aud that proposition
