THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR St RIVES.
30th Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1849.
New Series No. 27.
received severity-seven votes: among them werp the votes
of men from Connecticut—a State which^I heheve, only
three years ago, proposed to allow negroes to vote, and hy
about three to one, I think, the privileee was refused.
These gentlemen come here, and, in the District of Colum-
bia, with a slaveholding population, placc upon roeoid their
votes that they des-ue that the negro shall be placed on an
equality with the white man."
"Thatis one State. There are others. The people of
Illinois have voted that no negro shall come upon her soil;
ijot only that the negro shall not have equal political puv-
ileges, but that he shall not live there; yet there aie some
of the Representatives of that State upon thus floor who
voted that here he is to be a fteeman and equal with a white
citizen of the District."
He (Mr. S.) denied that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania couM draw any such conclusions
from the vote of Illinois members who had voted
against laying Mr. Giddings's bill on th*e table.
There was probably no member in the House
more opposed than he was to allowing slaves or
free negroes to vote. Upon what groun'd does the
gentleman make this declaration ? Why, because
certain members voted'against laying on the table
a bill introduced by a member from Ohio, [Mr.
(Biddings,] of which the following is the title:
" A hill to authorize the people of the District of Colum-
bia to express their desire asv'to the existence of slavery
therein."
This bill, he said, had been introduced, and read
a first and second time, without objections being
made. Mr. Giddings then wished to have the bill
engrossed, and put upon its passage. Mr. Tho'mp-
son, of Mississippi, moved to lay it on the table.
Mr. Chapman, of Maryland, rose to move that
the bill be referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia, He supposed, he said, that
the motion to lay the bill on the table took prece-
dence. The bill was laid upon the table by a vote
of 106 for, to 79 against.
He (Mr. S.) said, the vote against laying on
the table was no committal in favor of the bill,
and was not so considered by parliamentary usage.
The bill contained clauses that he never could
vote for; but as it was stated by the gentleman
introducing it, that he did so at the instance of
many highly respectable citizens of the District,
he voted against laying on the table, with the view
of sustaining the motion of the honorable reember
from Maryland, [Mr. Chapman,] chairman of the
Committee on the District of Columbia, which
motion was to refer it to that committee. It was
the proper and appropriate place for such a bill.
The location of the gentleman, and his thor-
ough knowledge of the wants and wishes of the
people of the District, wguld enable him to frame
such a bill as would be aeceptable to the people of
the District, and meet the views of a majority of
the House. If the voting against laying on the
table was to be taken as being in favor of a bill,
he might show that a number of southern mem-
bers were in favor of the resolution of the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Gott;] for, upon the
motion for sustaining the previous question and
ordering the main question, twenty-seven south-
ern gentlemen voted in the affirmative, when, if
they had voted in the negative, the main ques-
tion would not hav£ been sustained. They were
found voting with the honorable gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Giddings,] and the honorable gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Palfrey,] and
others who, rhe believed, gloried in being Aboli-
tionists. He did not think, however, that parlia-
mentary usage would set them down as committed
in favor ofsMr. Gott's resolutions because they
voted for ordering the main question, any more
than his voting against laying on the table the bill
introduced by Mr. Giddings would commit him
in favor of that bill.
Mr. S. said, that from the time he became a
member .of this House up to the agitation of the
question of the extension of slavery into the ter-
ritory acquired by our late treaty with Mexico,
he had uniformly voted with his southern friends
upon all questions involving their property in
slaves, and he would always be found sustain-
ing the rights guarantied to them by the com-
promises of the Constitution. He was as much
opposed to the agitation of the slavery question
aa any gentlefnan in the House; and but for
27
the fanatics (he did not wish to use the term in
an.offensive sense) of the North and South, there
would have been little difficulty in the settlement
of this question. He had felt that it was un-
generous in his southern friends to force gentle-
men who had stood by them on so many occasions
to vote on propositions where they must necessa-
rily be subject to have their views misrepresented.
There w„ere many gentlemen on the -Democratic
side of the House who occupied a similar position
with himself in relation to the bill introduced by
Mr. Giddings—gentlemen as little likely to give
blacks the privilege of voting as any member from
any slave State in the Union. This question,
however, (said Mr. S.,) must be met, and itshould
be met openly and manfully; and every member
should have an opportunity to place himself right
before the House and the country. He felt justi-
fied in saying that he would guard the interests of
the South in all her legal and constitutional rights^
as sacredly as would his honorable friend from
Pennsylvania [$Ir. Brown;] but while he would
do this, he could not refrain from saying, that he
considered slavery a moral and pecuniary evil, and
that it should never, by his countenance or vote,
be extended into any territory belonging to the
United States where it does not now exist.
Mr. YEN ABLE obtained the floor, and yielded,
for purposes of explanation, to
* Mr. BROWN, of Pennsylvania, who said he
had no intention of placing any gentleman in a
false position; but instead of getting out of temper
with him, they had better put themselves right on
the record. It was the interpretation given to it
everywhere with which they should quarrel, not
with him. He would also say that he was in favor,
either by Congress or through the people of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, of suppressing in the District—
what was represented to be carried on within it—a
traffic in slaves. This he was ready and desirous
to do in such manner as that the rights of the peo-
ple who hold slaves should not be violated. The
traffic complained of was that of bringing slaves
from the ^tate of Maryland merely to be sold to
the South,. This kind of traffic, which was prohib-
ited by several of the slave States, ought not to be
allowed in the District; and if the people desired
to prevent it, he thought they ought to be enabled
to do it. When he voted to lay the bill on the
table, he did not know it was proposed to recom-
mit it to a committee and take deliberate action
upon it, or he would not have voted as he did.
He looked upon it'as merely another question for
agitation, and in the present temper of the House
and the country, he did not think any right action
could take place on the subjfect. If a bill could be
made and considered in the right spirit, he had no !
doubt both South and North would agree to it. j
Mr. VENABLE resumed the fioor, and re- j
marked that he had no purpose to occupy much j
of the time of the House. He would not have ]
said one word but for the remarks of the gentle- I
man from Illinois, [Mr. Smith,] who had alluded |
to the vote sustaining the previous question on the I
resolutions offeree? by the gentleman from New \
York, [Mr. Gott.] He had voted on that occa- ;
sion for sustaining the previous question; but it \
was after the House, by a decided vote, had |
refused to lay* the resolutions on the table, on i
the motion of the gentleman from Georgia,] Mr. j
Haralson.] The House assumed jurisdiction 1
on these resolutions; and he (Mr. V.) was one !
of those who thought it due to the South that j
the extent of the spirit which had thus refused j
to lay on the table resolutions containing in their !
preamble a gross insult to the South, should be I
known. The conduct of southern gentlemen had 1
been frequently arraigned for sustaining the pre- j
vious question. The people had a right to know
the full extent of the evil. For himself, he voted
to lay on the tafcde; and thus, with other southern
gentlemen, did everything but supplicate the for-
bearance of the majority in the agitation of this
exciting subject. When that failed, he voted for
the previous question. It was due to the South
that the enemy should come out with all his armor,
to contend in a fair field. He always preferred an
enemy with weapon in hand, to one whose attitude
was equivocal, but in whose sleeve the stiletto was
concealed. If they fell by the powers of the one,
it was after a fair struggle, and when they had had
an opportunity to t|uit themselves like men. . But
there could be neither defence against danger, nor
glory in the result, where the first intimation of the
approach of the assassin was the deadly wound.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Smith] speaks
of the union of southern and northern fanatics on
the subject of slavery; and I suppose he means
those who voted to sustain the previous question
on those resolutions 
Mr.^SMITH, Will the gentleman from North
Carolina permit me to explain ?
Mr. VENABLE gave way.
Mr. SMITH. I meant no allusion to the gen-
tlemen who gave that vote. I spoke generally of
fanaticism North and South.
Mr. VENABLE. The gentleman's explanation
is received.
Mr. BROWN, of Pennsylvania, wished to s^ty
one word in explanation, now that the gentleman
from Illinois was on the floor.
Mr. VENABLE giving way—
Mr. B. said, that the gentleman from Illinois, he
(Mr. B.) was satisfied, did not mean what he said.
The gentleman had said that he (Mr. B.) out-
Heroded Herod in the advocacy of southern rights.
He certainly could not have -meant this, because
he wouid defend southern rights as he (Mr. S.)
would 
Mr. SMITH. I said so. .
Mr. BROWN. Then how could I out-Herod
Herod in defending southern rights ?'
Mr. VENABLE resumed. He said it was sin-
gular that the term fanaticism should be applied to
gentlemen who only assert their rights and claim
the guaranties of the Constitution. Heaskei when
or where did the South ever encroach upon the
institutions of the North, or intermeddle with their
policy or their rights? He was deeply concerned
when he declared that the vote on the resolutions
of the gentleman from New York [Mr. Gott]
convinced him that the spirit of hostility to the
institutions of the South was irresistible in the free
States. Strong indeed must be the current which
drove grave and experienced statesmen, by its
impulse, and' compelled them to vote for such a
preamble as that which introduced those resolu-
tions. The influence of that spirit among their
constituents must be overwhelming indeed, when
they could not vote down a proposition containing
an insult to the South. Who would vote for a bill ^
for the relief of any gentleman in this House which
contained a preamble denouncing him as an un-
principled wretch? When the spirit is so rabid at
home as not to admit of such an explanation, this
fact \va3 a subject of grave apprehension. It de-
monstrated that the bonds which unite us were in
great danger, He wished to be understood: he
loved the Union,*as it was organized and adopted
by those patriotic and noble spirits who had given
us this compact; he loved the Union, that holy
marriage-contract of the States, honored and hon- •
orable. But he feared that there were those who
only loved the connection, and not the Union. He
desired the marriage relation with its sacred char-
ters, and its holy securities, when each sustained,
the rights, the interests, and the reputation of the
other; not meretricious connection, which promoted
the happiness of one party and secured the disgrace
and ruin of the other. While a sense of justice
produces its legitimate results in action, this sound
relation of union amongst these States must con-
tinue.
He had voted for the previous question on the
resolutions of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Gott,] to show that an evil spirit was
abroad. That which was at first agitated for mere
popularity at home has spread like the devouiin^
flame which imprudent children had kindled in the
forest, merely to admire its brightness. The de-
vouring element has escaped control f unless those
who kindled it come honestly to th.e rescue. Let.
them come to this patriotic work, and alarm will
cease, and kind relations be restored.
