418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. Si,
Mr. HUDSON said that when lie came to the
House this morning, he had not the least intention
of troubling it with any remarks; and he bad not
risen now for"the purpose of mailing a speech upon
this subject. But after having had this morning
another specimen of defiance and of challenge from
gentlemen on the other side of the House—after
hearing the old stereotyped accusation that gen-
tlemen o*ti his side of the House were afraid of their
constituents at home, he had been induced to rise
with a view to say a-very few words in reply
to these imputations. And, in ihe first place, he
would ask from what source they came? They
came fi omgentlemen whose course on th is floor 
Mr. VENABLE, (interposing.) I hops the
gentleman will allow me to say a single word. I
except the gentleman's district.
Mr. HUDSON. I ask no exception in my be-
half. I will receive none in behalf of my district.
The gentleman who had just resumed his seat
(Mr. H. proceeded to say) had repeated the state-
ment which had been made several times, that
gentlemen on this side of the House were afiaid of
their constituents, and that they were compelled to
~YOte in opposition to their own convictions.
Now, he would ask, what was there in the
course of that gentleman which authorized him to
hurl imputations of this character upon him (Mr.
H.^or upon other gentlemen on that side of the
House? Had not the gentleman told us over and
over again, that the laws of his own State on this
subject were wise and proper? Had he not inti-
mated that he was willing to apply the same pro-
■visions to the District of Columbia that existed in
his own State? And had not the gentleman within a
few moments voted to ieject utterly a bill applica-
ble to this District, containing no other provisions,
he (Mr. H.) believed, than those which were con-
tained the laws of most of the southern States?
Mr. VENABLE, (interposing.^ The State of
North Carolina has no such provision as that con-
tained in the bill before the House.
Mr. HUDSON, (continuing.) He was aware
that the State of North Carolina was so situated
that she had not thought it necessary to pass laws
such as the States of Mississippi, Maryland, Vir-
ginia, and several other slaveholding States had
passed. Now, he understood that the bill which
had been read here, and which his friend from
North Carolina [Mr. Venable] had voted to lay
on the table—which he was willing to strangle
without debate—was only applying to the District
of Columbia those wise and wholesome provisions
which gentlemen from the slaveholding States had
been pleased to adopt within their own jurisdiction.
Mr. BAYLY (interposing) desired to ask a
question.
Mr. HUDSON having yielded the floor—
Mr. BAYLY said, to what law of Virginia does
the gentleman from Massachusetts refer as being
^imilar to this bill ? I know of no such law.
Mr. HUDSON. I understand that there is a
law in Virginia prohibiting slaves from being
brought into that State for sale there.
Mr. BAYLY. There is no such law.
Mr. HUDSON. There has been such a law;
and if the State has been on the retrograde, the gen-
tleman is welcome to all the honor to be derived
from such a course.
Another remark which the gentleman from
North Carolina made, and which had on seveial
occasions been made on that side of the House, was,
that the North was perpetually encroaching on the
South, and that no instance can be presented in
which theSouth has in any degree encroached upon
the rights of the North. Now, he would ask the
attention of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bay-
ly,J and of other gentleman lo the laws which their
States had passed imprisoning the free colored citi-
zens of the United Slates who came into their waters.
Wes not this an encroachment on the rights of the
North? In the State of Massachusetts the black
man was as much a citizen as the white man. He
was made a citizen before the adoption of the Con-
stitution of the United States, and when Massa-
chusetts came into the Union, every colored citizen
of that State was as much a citizen of that State,
and, of course, of the United States, as any white
man whatsoever. And the laws of Virginia, the
laws of South Carolina, and the la>vs of several
other States authorized the imprisonment of these
individuals whenever they might come into the
waters of these States, not because they had been
guilty of the commission of a arime, but because
of the color of their skin. They have gone fur-
ther—*-
- Mr. BAYLY, (again interposing.) The gentle-
man is mistaken about the laws of Virginia. I
assure the gentleman that he does not understand
them.
Mr. HUDSON. I know very well that the laws
of Louisiana and South Carolina are similar to the
description I have given; and I have understood
that the State ofVirginia had laws of the same
character; if not, so be it. I say that those States
have not only passed laws by which the free citi-
zens of Massachusetts and of New England are
imprisoned, but they have gone further: they have
arrogated to themselves the right of passing a law
which should not be annulled by the supreme judi-
cial tribunal of the United States. They will not
suffer an appeal to be taken. I know they have
contended that their laws are constitutional; but,
on the other side, it is contended that they are not
constitutional; and, in such a contest, all that the
citizens of Massachusetts ask is, that one of these
cases may be brought befoie the Supreme Court
of the United States. If the Supreme Court should
sustain the law, the State of Massachusetts will
how with due submission to the decision. If the
^Supreme Court annul the law, Massachusetts would
expect that the State of South Carolina would con-
form her legislation to that decision.
But no; our friends of the South are not willing
to submit a question of this kind to the tribunal
which the Constitution of the United States has
provided for the adjustment of such difficulties.
And if a northern citizen, if any individual of high
character should go to one of these States—an in-
dividual whose character would, in every respect,
raise him beyond suspicion—he is not permitted
to take the necessary steps to bring one of the
cases before the Supreme Court: but is informed
that unless he leaves the city forthwith, his per-
son, and perhaps his life, may be in danger.
Now, with such laws upon their statute books,
with such a course adopted, sustained, counte-
nanced, and justified by public sentiment, gentle-
men from the South come here and challenge the
production of a single instance in which the South
has m any degree interfered with the rights of the
North.
Mr. HARALSON interposed and said, that,
with the permission of the gentleman, he desired
to put a question.
Mr. HUDSON yielded for the purpose.
Mr. HARALSON. The question I want to
ask is this: Did not these laws of the South, of
which the gentleman speaks, grow out of the in-
terference with southern institutions by the North
itself, and were they not enacted by the South as
a means of preventing the evils of which they com-
plained ? ■
Mr. HUDSON. The laws of the South, as I
understand, go to this extent: If the vessels of New
England anchor in the harbor of Charleston, South
Carolina, and have a colored cook (for example)
on board, who does not set his foot on shore, the
officers of South Carolina go on board that vessel,
take the cook on shore, imprison hnn, and keep
him until the vessel is ready to depait; and then
the master of the vessel must pay the charges.
Nor has the State confined 
Mr. RHETT interposed, and asked leave to say
a word in explanation.
Mr. HUDSON having yielded the floor—
Mr. RHETT gaid that he thought the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Hudson] was mistaken.
He (Mr. R.) understood the gentleman to say
that the law was aggressive peculiarly upon the
people of the North—that it was leveled against
the people of the northern States. In this, the
gentleman was in error. The law was made ap-
plicable to the people of Great Britain, and to the
people of all other portions of the world, as well
as to the North—to all States whatever.
One wotd more, and he would resume his seat.
Whilst the gentleman was asserting that this policy
on the part of the South was an aggressive policy
upon the people of the North, did he ipt know
that the very law itself sprung from an insurrec-
tionary movement in the city of Charleston, got up
in the North against the property and the livesof the
people of the South ? Such was the fact. Had the
South, then, acted on the aggressive, or on the de-
fensive?
Mr. HUDSON (continuing.) The gentle-
man from South Carolina [Mr. Rhett] asks mo
if T did not know that the law to which I refer ap-
plies not only to citizens of the North, but to the
subjects of Great Britain and of all foreign nations,
I am acquainted with that portion of the history of
this law which has reference to subjects of Great
Britain. I know that the city of Charleston, in the
State of South Carolina, attempted to enforce her
laws m that respect. 1 know that the British au-
thorities at once demanded satisfaction'. Applica-
tion was made here at the city of Washington, and
Uknow that this question was brought before a
judge of the United States couit, himself a ciiizen
of the State of South Carolina, and that he, a south-
\\ ern judge, pronounced the law unconstitutional
!j and void. And I venture fo say now, that what-
jj ever laws may exist in South Carolina, South.
:[ Carolina knows too well the character with whom
! | she is dealing to attempt to enforce her laws against
sj the subjects of Great Britain.
ij Mr. RHETT, (again interposing) Thegentle-
! man is utterly mistaken. The law is enforced, and
has been enforced in every instance down to this
houragainst the subjects of Great Britain—equally
^against them as against the people of the North.
Several Voices. And of the South, too.
Mr. RHETT, (continuing.) I say this with a,
knowledge of the truth of what I say. South Car-
olina has held an equal hand to all, and has flinched
from none.
A word more. I am anxious that we should
get at the truth of this matter. The gentleman
from Massachusetts is entirely in error. Subjects
of Great Britain do come under this law. It is not
two years since an application was made to the
Legislature of South Carolina, chiefly owing to
British influence, to have the law modified as to
the fnode in which these parties should be put
into custody. The complaint was, that they were
not put into the kind of keeping which was proper
for them, but that they were imprisoned in com-
mon with persons who had been guilty of crimes;
and this, it was said, was not proper. Upon that
ground the matter was brought up before the Le-
gislature of South Carolina, chiefly by means of
British influence, as 1 have said, through the
British consul in the city of Charleston. 1 repeat,
that wc have held an even and an impartial hand.
We have not flinched. And we have shown no
deference to the Lion of Great Biitain, which we
would not pay to the people of the North.
Mr. HUDSON, (continuing.) I know the chiv-
alrous character of the people of the South. I
suppose that they are willing: to meet the world in
arms. I know that they will not bow before the
British Lion or any other Power. I know they
have not bowed to the authority of the United
States; for I know that United States vessels have
gone into the city of Charleston, and that they
have suffered a police officer to go on board and
take their colored hands and imprison them, and
that on their departure they had to pay the jaii
fees.
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, rose to ex-
plain.
Mr. HUDSON yielded the floor. ,
Mr. HOLMES said that the gentleman was en-
tirely mistaken m the position that he had stated.
In the case to which he had referred, (that of Elk'
enson,) a colored cook was taken from on board
Ij a British merchantman, carried to jail, and brought
n up upon a habeas corpus before Judge Johnson. It
!l was decided by Judge Johnson that the taking of
i) the cook and his imprisonment weie unconstitu-
ij tional. Upon that decision being made, the Bntishf
h minister at the seat of Government represented to
the then Secretary of State the hardship of the
'j case. The Secretary of State referred the consti-
tutional question to the then Attorney General,
Ij Mr. Berrien, now a Senator of the United States,
and requested him to give to it a calm and dehber-
! ate investigation. Upon that investigation, the
j' Secretary of State became convinced that the law
|j was not unconstitutional as being a police re£"'a~
'j iron,and he so informed the British minister. And
ij the British minister from that time to this has ac-
•i quiesced in the confinement of colored seamen
;i coming to Chaileston.
!i The whole thing was done* with a view to self-
Sj protection after the experience of the year 1823, in
1 consequence of Denmaik Vesey and other blacks
;; coming from the North for the purpose of creating
j! an insurrection, which was prevented only by
|j timely discovery from bursting, with all its hoi-
it rors, upon the frity of Charleston.
