1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
410
Mr. HUDSON. I say, as the gentleman him-
self admits, that the only adjudication that there
lias Keen of this question has been against the
constitutionality of the law. It has been declared
to he unconstitutional and void. The gentleman
refers to the opinion of one Attorney General as
in favor of the constitutionality of the law. I know
there are opinions in its favor. I know also that
^another Attorney General, {Mr. Wirt,) and other
snen as much distinguished for talent and legal
learning, have given opinions against the law.
Mr. ASHMUN asked ids colleague to yield
the floor for a moment-
Mr. HUDSON having done so—
Mr. ASHMUN proceeded to remark, that he
thought both gentlemen had overlooked the true
point at issue, if any issue there was, between the
North and the South. The question was not as
to the constitutionality of the State law of South
Carolina, or of any other State, with reference to its
•external operatic on foreign nations. He might
differ f«*om the opinion of Jud^e Johnson, or of
others", but (he was understood to say) his own
humble opinion was, that towards all persons not-
citizens of the United States, South Carolina might
have the right to pass such a law. But the law
provided for the imprisonment of our own citizens.
And South Carolina, in defiance of the express
provision of the Constitution, made her State police
lawsopeia'e upon the citizene of Massachusetts.
This they had no right to do. lie desired to read
the clause of the Constitution to which he referred.
It was in these words:
li The fMiizprH of paeii State sbaH he entitled to ail privi-
leges ami immunities of citizens in the seveial States.".
That (Mr. A. continued) was the constitutional
provision. The State of Massachusetts, ever since
she became a State, had always recognised every
man as a citizen, and he was as much entitled to
protection, if he was black, as any whue man on
this floor could be.
Mr. HUDSON resumed the floor.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, rose to a
question of order. He submitted whether this
debate in relation to the laws of South Carolina
was in order ?
The SPEAKER. The debate has taken a very
wide-range.
Mr. THOMPSON. The question I ask of the
Chair is, whether the debate is in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair attempted to re-
strain it at the outset; but there was a general cry
of " Go on," and the debate was aliowed to pro-
ceed.
Mr. THOMPSON saids he objected now te fur-
ther debate that was out of order.
Mr. FICKHN. I move that the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Hudson] have leave to
proceed.
Mr. HUDSON. I ask no such motion in my
behalf. I have the floor now, and I have the right
to proceed.
Mr. FICKLIN. I alluded to the other gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Ashmun.]
Mr. HUDSON, (proceeding in his remarks.)
The point first made by my colleague [Mr. Ash-
mun] is a point which I made when I rose. I said
that by the constitution of the State of Massachu-
setts 
Mr. THOMPSON. I insist upon the point of
order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already de-
cided that details in debate in reference to the law
fcf South Carolina are not in order. It may be
referred to.
Mr. HUDSON. I am not going into details. I
wish to refer to the law, and to reply to imputa-
tions which have been made—intending tha^ the
whole shall bear upon the question before the
House. And the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
{Mr. Thompson,] acute as he usually is, is not
able, perhaps, to see what use I shall make of these
remarks.
Mr. THOMPSON. I do not think any one else
can.
Mr. HUDSON. Then I hope no one else will
interfere. I stated when I first rose that I had no
disposition to make a speech—that is to say, that
I was not going to debate this subject. But as I
and other gentlemen on this side of the House have
been alluded to with reference to the very subject-
matter -now before the House, I embraced this
opportunity to repel all imputations of the charac-
ter which had been made. And I have gone no
further in my remarks than other gentlemen have i
gone in theirs. I
Mr. THOMPSON. I do not suppose that the
gentleman has gone further in his remarks than
other gentlemen have gone jn theirs. I thought
that the whole debate had taken an unwarrantable
and an unreasonable range, and that it would
never be brought to an end unless some gentleman
should call the attention of the Chair to it.
Mr. BURT. I desire to throw myself for a
moment upon the courtesy of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Hudso>:.]
Mr. HUDSON yielded the floor.
Mr. BURT. I know, as you, Mr. Speaker,
know, that this law of South Carolina, to which
the gentleman refers, hns been an old topic of com-
plaint on the pstrt of the State of Massachusetts.
T assure the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Hudson.] as my two colleagues have assured him,
that the law was passed in no spirit of.hostility to
Massachusetts or any other S'ate, but that it was
believed to be indispensable,,to the preservation of
the peace of the community of South Carolina. ;
What T wish to say to the gentleman is this: !
While he complains so vehemently of the law of |
South Carolina—whilst for five years all Massa- ;
chusetts has complained of that law—how is it :
that not one single note of complaint has been
uttered by that State against Ohio, Indiana, -or
Illinois—every one of which States excludes from
ifs borders these colored citizens of Massachusetts*
Why is it that complaint is directed against South
Carolina ? South Carolina, I beg to say, has great
respect for Massachusetts 
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, rose to
order.
Mr. BURT. If the gentleman from Pennsvl-
j vania [Mr. Thompson-] is the custodier of the
j order and decorum of this House, I am glad to hear j
I that he has assumed a new character, and I bow J
' to him with submission. j
| Mr.THOMPSON (with good nature) disclaimed j
! the appointment to that office; but (he was pro- i
I ceeding to say) he had  !
j Mr. HUDSON. I call thegentleman from Penn- j
sylvania to order. i
Mr. THOMPSON. I call the gentleman from 1
Massachusetts to order. j
t A brief colloquy followed. J
! Mr. DUER asked to be permitted to say one
j word.
! Mr. HUDSON. I cannot consent to yield the
| floor again. I only wish to retain it for two min-
| utes more, and during that short period I shall not
I give way.
j I will now state distinctly the point I was ma-
i kins:. I say that citizens of Massachusetts, made
j citizens by her constitution, existing before the
' establishment of the Constitution of the United i
I States, have been imprisoned, and are now im- j
I prisoned, by the laws of some of the southern ,
j States. Gentlemen from those States say that j
: these laws are necessary for sclf-protection, and J
! that they are constitutional. We contend that ;
| they are not constitutional; and in this conflict of j
! opinion, all we ask is that the question shall be
settled by the Supreme Court of the United States. ■
But the State of South Carolina interposes to pre-
vent an appeal being taken to that Court in order
that the question may be fairly tested. That is
the ground of our complaint. If South Carolina '
will permit the case to be brought up before the ;
Supreme Court, and if the Court should*decide j
against the State of Massachusetts, I pledge my- J
self for her that she will bow in deference to the j
decision. But until South Carolina does manifest j
a disposition to permit the question to be settled
by the constitutional tribunal of the country, I |
| say that we ha\e cause of complaint—serious'
! cause of complaint—and such as the South never
! has had in respect to 'Messachusefts^or any other j
! State of the. North. If'anythmg occurs in Mas-
sachusetts to which South Carolina objects—if
| any of our laws are. thought by her to be uneon- i
j stitutional, and she should send a duly-appointed ]
| agent to that State to take an appeal from the de- i
i cision of our courts, I venture to say that he will
{ be treated with respect, and that every opportunity ■
I and facility would be afforded to him to bring the j
, question before the tiibuinu hero m Washington, j
j 1 venture to ussert that he wtll not be treated as a j
! venerable citizen of Massachusetts was treated in !
j the city of Charleston itself. j
I I say, in conclusion, that I did not rise to debate ;
this question; but T do say, that while gentlemen
from the South will not accord to the people of this>
District rights and privileges which they enjoy in
their, own States; while they vote down the appli-
cation of this principle to the District of Columbia,
it is not very consistent or becoming to turn to this
side of the House and accuse us of voting from
intimidation—of being afraid of our constituents*
I beiieve, if the truth were known—and judging
j from your experience, I venture to predict, that if
i the real sentiments of southern members on this
| floor could be known, and could be compared with
1 their votes, we should see as much of that influ-
| ence which is behind the throne controlling their
■ votes here, as exists in reference to members from
| the northern section of the country. And so long
: as they insist that they will not apply to this Dis-
trict laws which they have in their own States, I
ask, for the Sake of consistency—for the sake of
decency even—not to make imputations of this
character upon me or upon other gentlemen on this
side of the House. *
Mr. BURT said he did not rise to take any part
in the discussion which had been irregularly intro-
duced upon this bill. He desired to say a word
merely upon the question before the House, upon
the bill reported by the gentleman from Ohio, a
member of the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia, this morning. It was asked by the gen-
tleman who reported it, coming from a non-slave-
holding State of the Union, that it should be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and be printed. The chairman,
of that committee had risen in his place and stated
to the House that the committee were divided in
regard to this bill; that he himself entertained in-
surmountable objections to the bill; that he enter-
tained constitutional objections ~to the bill, and he
asked that it should go to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and the bill be
printed. The division of this House, taken this
morning, showed that southern members, with
(he believed) two exceptions, were opposed to the
bill, and voted to by it on the table. It^was an
important bill, a bill of a very different character,
he begged to assuregentlemen, from the State laws
which prohibited the introduction of slaves as an
article of merchandise within their jurisdiction. It
involved a totally ditTerent question, a very high
question, and took for the first time by the hand of
Congress a new topic, a most interesting topic con-
nected with the subject of slavery. It involved the
question whether Congress had the power to inter-
feie with the sale of slaves as a commodity, as an
ai tide of merchandise. He trusted, with such a
question as that involved in this bill, that those
who might be in favor of the general principle of
passing some law upon the subject for the District
of Columbia, that those who might entertain no
doubts of the constitutionality of such a law,
would permit this bill to take the direction asked
both by the chairman of the committee from which
it came, and by the honorable gentleman who re-
ported it.
He hoped that the ill-omened counsels of the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wejctworth] would
not be heeded by this House. He knew not what
right that gentleman had to speak to this House
upon a question of that kind. Ke said to gentle-
men from ail sections of the Union with the gteat-
est respect—with all the respect which was due to
them as members of tins House, and from him as
a member of tins House—that he trusted they
would not, for the consideiations he had briefly in-
dicated, force the bill through at this moment and
in this way. Ke doubted if there was a single
southern man on this floor who was disposed for
one moment to delay or hinder action upon this
bill, or upon any other proposition connected with
slavery. For one, he was ready to meet them.
But he desired to see this bill. He thought it was
doe to the House and to the country that the bill
should be primed, that they all might have the
opportunity of seeing it, and determining whether
it was unconstitutional in its character, or w hcther
it might be acceptable to the members of this
House.
M . TAYLOR.said he did not propose to occupy
much of the time of the House; but he had risen
principally tp make au explanation ef his own •
position on this question, having bc-m very much
misrepresented here and elsewhere in re  ud to the
resolution which had been introduced some weeks
ago by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Gqtt.]
