420
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 31,
He would first say, he Hoped that the motion
made by his friend and colleague, [Mr. Edwards,]
who had introduced this bill, would be carried by
the House; and that the bill would be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union and printed, that all might see it, and be
enabled to act ursderstandingly and deliberately
upon the subject." He here distinctly avowed him-
self in favor of the principles of the bill. He wished
to see it, to examine it, to ascertain whether there
was anything unconstitutional in it or not; and if
there was, he told his friends from the South he
shrunk from no responsibility here, and he was
ready to vote according to the dictates of his best
judgment upon this and upon any other question |j
which might arise out of the subject of slavery. j;
Now, in reference to the resolution introduced j;
several weeks ago by the gentleman from New jj
York: It had been represented in various parts of j!
the country by Democratic papers, and by papers 'I
falsely calling themselves " Free-soil" papers, but ||
which wtfrc political nuisances in the country, i|
that he (Mr. T.) had shrunk from voting on this j|
resolution. He was not present in this House 'j
when the resolution was introduced; he was ab-
sent on business, as was frequently the case with
gentlemen. If he had been here, he should have
looked into the resolution, and then voted accord-
ing to the dictates of his best judgment.
[A voice: "How would you have voted?"]
He would tell gentlemen, if they would hear
him. While he was willing to vote for a law pro-
hibiting the slaveholding States from sending their
negroes into the District of Columbia for sale, he
was not disposed to vot£ for any insulting pream-
ble prefaced to such a resolution or bill. He was
ready now to vote for the amendment proposed by
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Smith,] upon i
the reconsideration of the resolution. He had ij
voted to reconsider it, for the purpose of voting ji
for the substitute proposed by that gentleman. J
And now, while he was on the floor, he had a
word to say with regard to the struggle which j;
seemed to be going on in this Hall between two \
disappointed portions of this Confederacy. There
was a manifestation of disappointment by a great
party on the one hand, and by a small party on
the other, who were doubly, trebly disappointed
in the result of the recent Presidential contest.
Those who favored the election of General Cass
had failed most signally to effcct their object. It
was natural that they should feel mortified, wound-
ed, disappointed; and so far as they presented the
question of slavery here by the introduction of
resolutions or by speeches calculated to alienate
one portion of the Confederacy from the other, it j
was only an involuntary manifestation of the
regret, the despair and sadness that pervaded
that party at their overwhelming defeat. There
was another party, doubly, trebly disappointed,
who were known by the euphonious name of
Barnburners, who had set their trap at Bulfcilo to ;
catch all such as chose to come into their organi-
zation., They had succeeded in entrapping the
political abolitionists of the State which he in part
represented, as though they were taken in a steel !;
trap of a hundred horse-power, and they were un-
able to extricate themselves. Hence they came up
here, a few men on this floor, manifesting these
feelings, and were introducing systematically, fre-
quently, and unnecessarily, propositions which
were calculated to disturb the peace of the country,
without giving the House an opportunity maturely
to consider them. They were asked and forced
by the previous question to vote upon them with-
out reflection and without fully understanding
their nature and objects. He sympathized not
with these Barnburmng movements.
If (said Mr. T.) these gentlemen represented the
"anti-slavery" society which met on the 12th of
May, 1848, in the city of New York, where William
Lloyd Garrison presided as President, and whose
proceedings he found published in the New York
Tribune, (but with which the great body of the citi- jj
zens of that city, he believed, did not sympathize i.
or concur,) then he believed they had no sympathy j!
and would find no response from any part of the ;j
people of the State of Ohio, which he had the honor jj
m part to represent. That society threatened to dis- ;!
• solve the Union of these States, and break down
the American churches, to carry out their purposes, i I
He had no sympathy with them. He looked upon 'i
them as disorganizes and disunionists, who ought \\
to be scouted by every good man m the country, ij
He had no sympathy with disorganizes and dis-
unionists from any section of the country, from
the North or the South. He had before him the
resolutions passed by that meeting, and he would
read one, that the spirit which they manifested
might be seen and understood by the country:
"Resolved, That sl&veholders, as such, can have no rights;
that ihey haveno rightful existence on earth ; that they were
never created by God, and constitute no pait of the human
race: they are of monsuous and diabolical origin ; and no
law, no constitution, no compact, no religion, that endoises
their humanity, is to be obeyed or tolerated."
This was the spirit of these fanatical abolition-
ists who composed this anti-slavery society.
Now, he said to his southern friends here, that
while they dealt in wholesale denunciations of the
North, they did great injustice to the moderate,
intelligent, and conservative men of all parties in
the North. Who were the men in the North who
composed this miserable faction, and who were
instigating trouble in the country ? Many of them
came from the South. That the Iious^e might
know, and that the attention of the country might
be called to the facts, he would name a few of these
leading spirits who had come among them at the
North, and who were exciting this spirit of faction
and political abolitionism.
In the first place, there was Mr- Birney, formerly
of Kentucky or of Alabama, once a slaveholder,
who either sold his slaves himself, or had them
wrested from him by the strong arm of the law,
and afterwards removed to Michigan and became
a Democratic AboliJon candidate for the Legisla-
ture. Afterwards lie was the candidate of the po-
litical Abolitionists for the Presidency of the Uni-
ted States. A very small number of people in the
State of Ohio, and some in New York, sustained
him for that high office; but the great body of the
people of Ohio, let him tell gentlemen, were as
sound as the people of any portion of the Union
upon all constitutional questions in reference to sla-
very in tire southern States, and they had no desire
to interfere with it, so far as it was guarantied by
the Constitution of the United States.
They liad in Ohio a highly-educated, accom-
plished, plausible, and elpquent gentleman from
South Carolina, Mr. John C. Vaughn—a gentle-
man whom he personally knew—who, he under-
stood, was engaged in the laudable business of
editing an Abolition paper in the city of Cincinnati,
to enlighten the people of that State with reference
to slavery in the southern States.
They had also in Ohio Mr. Stanley Matthews,
(now clerk of the House of Representatives m that
State,) formerly of Tennessee, where he edited a
Democratic^paper, in favor of Polk and Dallas for
the Presidency and Vice Presidency—now editing
what was called a Free-soil" paper, and culti-
vating the spirit of factions to break down the beau-
tiful institutions which our forefatheis reared for
us.
Now, what did we see in the city of Washing-
ton ? A Mr. Bayly, who, he understood, was from
the State of Virginia, conducting an Abolition paper
called the " National Era." If lie was wrong, he
hoped some gentleman would correct him. He
did not know the gentleman, but he understood
he was from the State of Virginia, located in this
metropolis, propagating his political Abolition doc-
trines, that our friends in the South might charge
upon the North that they were instigating this
spirit of faction and political Abolition.
Then, again, during the excitement at the last
session of Congress, when the negroes were stolen
from this District by three kidnappers, and when
the excitement reigned at its mtensest height, he
had seen, in a Baltimore paper, the card of another
gentleman, (a Mr. Snodgrass, he believed,) who
edited a similar paper in the city of Baltimore, who
hailed from Virginia, and who endorsed the publi-
cations of the editor of the National Era.
Now, he trusted his friends from the South,
when they spoke of northern fanatics who would
destroy this gloriousJJnion of ours, would recol-
lect, if there were any such there, that they were
not confined to the North; the South had aboli-
tionists, fanatics, disorganizes, who, if they could
not live at home, came among them at. the North,
throwing in their firebrands to excite a popular
indignation against the institutions of the southern
States.
He had said, much more than he anticipated
when he rose; but he would embrace this occasion
to say, that he saw all the delicacy which sur-
rounded this great question touching the abolition
of slavery in the District of Columbia. He looked
to t-hose who had gone before us for information
upon the subject, fie was not disposed to legis-
late hastily upon it; and while he was ready to-
prohibit the importation of negroes into this Dis-
trict for sale, he looked for information to the wise
men who had gone before him, and he found that
the venerable patriot who, honored and beloved
sunk in this chair (pointing to the seat formerly
occupied by Mr. J. &. Adams) at the last session
of Congress, expressed himself, as late as the year
1843, in the city of Pittsburg, against abolishing
slavery in the District of Columbia without the
consent of the inhabitants. He had a copy of the
speech of that gentleman before him r and he would'
read an extract from it.
" Mr. Adams was waited on by a committee of the politi-
cal Abolitionists, urging him to meet and address them. This
he declined; answering that lie was as'much opposed to-
slavery as any of tfrem, and especially to the repiescntution
of slaves in Congress, but expressing hi<? opposition to the
abolition measure of the day, as follows:
'"On the subject of abolition, abolition soeieii^s, anti-
slavery societies, or the Liberty party, 1 have never been  
member of any of them.
"' As to the abolition of slavery in the District of Colum-
bia, I have said that I was opposed to it—not because 1 have
any doubts as to the power of Congress to abolish slavery
in thp District—for I have none—hut I regard it as a viola-
tion o f republican 'principles, to enact laws at the petition of
one people which are to operate upon another people against
their consent. Jls the law now stands, the people of this Dis-
trict have property in their slaves.
"' I do not admit these laws are in accordance with jus-
tice, for it can never be true that one man can nuhthdly
have property in another man. Still, these Jaw< have hatS
an existence since before that part of the country became
the Distnct of Columbia, and was brought under the power
of Congress, and J think they should not be altered without
the consent of the people of the District.'"
He would state that he could see no reasonable
objection, and he had heard no reasonable objec-
tion urged upon any side of the House, against the
adoption of the resolution of the gentleman from-
Jndiana, offered as a substitute for the resolution
of the gentleman from New York—the simple effect
of which substitute was to instruct the Committee
on the District of Columbia to inquire into the pro-
i pnety of preventing the importation of negroes into
! the District of Columbia for sale. The State of
| Maryland prevented the importation of slaves with-
| in her borders for the purpose of sale. Suchalaw,.
I he understood, existed in that State; and heunder-
| stood that the bill reported this morning by his
: colleague, [Mr. Edwards,] and now under consid-
: eration, was merely a transcript of the law of Mary-
land upon this subject. But, he repeated, when
such a proposition was introduced here, instead of
voting upon it without understanding it, under the
pressure of the previous question immediately after
it was brought before them, let them have it print-
ed and referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, that they might legislate
without haste, without violence, and with a proper
understanding of the whole subject.
He would avail himself of this opportunity to say
one word with regard to the recent distinguished
sectional southern convention which was held in
another part of this Capitol. He regretted to see
any sectional meetings held m any part of the
United States. He had read the two addresses pre-
sented in that convention, ami it was needless to
say that he disapproved of them both.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, rose to a point
of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules out of order
remarks upon that convention, if the point of order
is made.
Mr. TAYLOR said he would not speak of tfr-e
proceedings of- that convention, then, but would
refer to the allegations which were constantly urged
agaiyst the North in this House by southern men,
that their slaves escaping into the free States could
not be reclaimed, and that there were organized
bodies to prevent the master recovering his slave,
and to help him on in his transit to Canada. So
far as that part of Ohio which he had the honor to
represent was concerned, the declaration was per-
fectly unfounded. No master ever came within
his district without having all the benefits which
the Constitution of the United States and the law
gave to him. There were various instances in
which these laws had been carried out to the letter,
and the master had taken home his slave.
Another thing: he had reside^ in the State of
Ohio for twenty years, and.he had never known
or heard there of any such secret organizations as
were alleged by some of their southern friends to
