.1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
exist, to aid the fugitive slaves from the slavehold-
ing States in their transit to Canada.
They did not want the free negroes of the slave-
holding States in the Stale of Ohio; and he feared
the time was rapidly arriving wffen they would be
compelled to adopt the policy of Illinois, and close
the door to the admission of any free negroes from
the slave States, or they might be overrun by such
a population as those States should choose to send
them. The Governor of Virginia had recently re-
ported to the Legislature of that State that there
were about fifty thousand free negi;oes in Virginia,
and recommended that they should be expelled
that State. Ohio wanted none of that population;
the greater portion of it was a pauper population.
They did not want any more of it.
He was opposed also to placing this black race,
free or slave, upon a platform of equality with the
whites, because he thought they were unworthy to
stand upon that platform, and that they were inca-
pable of exercising the rights of citizenship. He
should give his consent to no such proposition as to
sllow the free negroes and the slaves Xo vote upon
any political questions. The Constitution of the
United States contemplated that the white citizens of
the country should do the legislation of the country, |
and not the negroes. He dissented from the views !
■of his colleague, [Mr. Giddings,] who, some weeks ;
since, desired that a vote of the free negroes and .
the slaves of this District should be taken upon i
the question of altering the relation of master and !
slave here. Such views and opinions found no ;
countenance among the great body of the people j
of Ohio; and he wished his friends from the North
and the South to understand it.
He had said a good deal more than he had
intended when he arose. He wished to say, in con-
elusion, thatlie looked upon every effort from every
quarter of the Union that looked to a dissolution
of the union of these States, as proceeding from an
ill-judged quickness of action, from a disorgani-
zing spirit, and from a feeling utterly at variance
with the peace and tranquillity of the country. He
stood by the Union. He stood by it as Wash-
ington recommended we should stand by it; and he
"looked indignantly" upon any man, North or
South, who would deliberately do any act in this
• Hall or in the country calculated to violate the in-
tegrity of the Union, or break down the Constitu-
tion under which we all lived and had prospered, ]
and under which, he trusted, the country might j
prosper and be united forever. ;
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, said he di3 not!
design, upon taking the floor at the present time, '
to enter into a discussion of the various questions J
which hail engaged the attention of the House this {
morning; but as a member of the Committee on j
the District of Columbia, he desired to say a word i
with reference to his own position with regard to j
the introduction of this bill. The bill was almost j
a literal transcript of what was the law of the State !
of Mississippi from the year 1837 down to a period j
within some three or four years past, with one mate-
rial alteration, namely, a prohibition against any
citizen going beyond the boundaries of the District
and buying a slave for his own use within the Dis-
trict. The law of the State of Mississippi; to which
he referred, was founded upon a provision of the
constitution of that State which grew out of ap-
prehensions (whether well-founded or not) of ser-
vile insurrections in the minds of the framers of
that constitution. The provision was at all events j
incorporated into the constitution, and the act in
pursuance thereof, to which he had referred, was
drawn by his own hand as a member of the Mis-
sissippi Legislature. In his capacity as a member
of the Committee on the District of Columbia, he
had pointed to that law as containing suitable pro- :
visions to be incorporated into the bill which they '
were to report. The law was acceptable to the
committee; and, with the material alteration to I
which "he had referred, it was copied and reported
to thevHouse.
A Voice. The gentleman is mistaken about the
restriction. - ]
Mr. BROWN (continuing) said he was not mis-
taken. He had said that, by the restriction to j
which he objected, citizens of the District were j
not to go beyond the boundaries of the District, i
and purchase slaves for their own use within the ]
District. There was indeed a provision, that they ■
might, by inheritance, marriage, or bequest, obtain i
a title to slaves without the District, and so bring I
them in; but there was no other provision of the 1
42*
bill by which a citizen of the District could acquire
title to slaves in any of the States. He had op-
posed and objected to this restriction, in the com-
mittee, upon theground that it was never petitioned
for by the people. The immediate occasion and
basis of the bill wa's the petition of the Mayor and
Council of the city of Washington. And if he
could be induced to vote for a bill of this kind at
all, it would be on account of such petition. He
did not know that, under any circumstances, it
could command his vote; certainly it never could
with this restriction.
A word in regard to his own position. He had
always believed that, in his representative charac-
ter upon that floor, he was called upon to represent
the expressed will and wishes of the people of the
District of Columbia, having, at the same time,
due regard to the rights of the people of the several
States, and to the restrictions of the Constitution
of the United States. If the people of the District
of Columbia petitioned for any object which might
be granted without violation of the Constitution, or
infringment of the rights of other citizens of the
United States, he was bound to support their pe-
tition ; and it ought to be granted. He felt that he
! should no more claim for himself the right to rep-
! resent the people of the District of Columbia, in
accordance with the wishes of the people of the
Fourth Congressional District of Mississippi, than
that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Giddings]
should claim to represent them in accordance with
the wishes of his constituents. He was willing to
meet gentlemen here on common ground, and
claim no more for his particular section than he
was willing to accord to every other section of the
country. The District of Columbia was no gladi-
atorial region, where opposing parties were to mefit
in conflict. This was neutral ground, where the
wishes of the people should be fairly represented,
having respect always to the rights of others and
to the Constitution. He did not believe that the
strong party in Congress had any light to" pass
any law for the District, without respect to the
wishes of the people of the District, and without
reference to the Constitution and righ'ts of the
people outside of the District; but that in all this
branch of their public chaige, they should have
an eye strictly to the Constitution, and to the rights'
of the whole people. Such was his policy, and
would continue to be so long; as he remained a rep-
resentative on that floor. He should never look to
the State of Mississippi for the sole rule of his con-
duct in this department of his duty. For, if gen-
tlemen were to look to the wishes of their constitu-
ents in these cases, it would not be long before we
should have laws for the District of Columbia
framed in obedience to the wishes of the people of
New England, or the great West, and having no
regard to the wishes of the people here. He wanted
no such thing.
In acting upon a petition fr^m the people of
this District, his first object was to inquire how
far he might go, and still remain within the limits
of the Constitution? and then how far he might
go without infringing upon the deed of cession by
which the District was acquired from the States of
Maryland and Virginia? These limits being ascer-
tained, he should be prepared to go for any law
desired by the people of the Distiict, which did
not>equire these fixed limits to be transcended. If
gentlemen from New England, New York, and
elsewhere were prepared to act upon this rule, he
was prepared to go with them. He was glad that
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Taylor] had in-
troduced the authority of a late venerable repre-
sentative from Massachusetts, [Mr. John Glumcy
Adams,] in support of the principle, that the peo-
ple of the District of Columbia were not to be rep-
resented according to the views and wishes of the
people residing elsewhere in the United States. If i
hisown views did not happen to accord exactly i
with those of the people here petitioning, it was
his duty to conform his views to theirs; and this
was manifestly the only right rule upon which
these people could be represented. He appealed,
therefore, to his friends, the southern delegation,
to do what was right upon this question, while he
aske4 only {he same thing of gentlemen from the
North. He thought gentlemen on all sides might
shape their conduct according to the rule he had
laid down, doing no injustice to the District, and
giving no just ground of complaint to the States
north or south.
Mr. McLANE interposed to ask a question;
and (Mr. B. giving- way for the purpose) he said
he would ask the gentleman whether he went so
far with his doctrine as to recognize the right on
the part of the people of the District of Columbia
to ask of Congress the enactment of a law abol-
ishing slavery in the District?—whether he did not
believe that such an act would be unconstitutional?
m other words, whether the srentleman's ruie
went further than to admit of petitions for objects
withui the Federal power to grant, while he would
exclude all others, as petitions which should nei-
ther be demanded on their part nor granted on
ours, for the reason that they were incompatible
with the Federal powers of Congress?
Mr. BROWN replied, that he hardly thought
the gentleman could have misunderstood him. He
would say again, that the people of this District,
like every other people, had the right to be repre-
sented (if they were representedfU all) according ,
to their own views and wishes, and not according *
to the views of people residing elsewhere in the
United States. They had no right to ask, nor had
Congress the right to grant, Jaws for their benefit
which would outrage the rights of others, whether
citizens of the State of Virginia, Maryland, or any
oiher State. He should always expect every gen-
tleman who desired to protect the rights of"the
people, whether citizens of Maryland, Virginia,
or the District of Columbia, to vote against the
abolition of slavery here; for such a policy .would
make of the District nothing but a receptacle for
all the free negroes in the country. He could not
go into the question of the constitutional power of
Congress to abolish slavery here: it was in no
way involved in the bill. But he would take occa-
sion to say, he had never conceded the power; and
if he had, there were abundant reasons without
the Constitution to determine his vote against such
a measure.
One word with reference to the complaint made
as to gentlemen voting here contrary to their own
convictions of right, because of the fear of their
constituents. He knew not how it was with the
gentleman from New York, but when such a
charge was made against him, his reply was, that
he was not afraid to give any vote which his judg-
ment might approve. The apprehension of re-
sponsibility at home did not swerve linn. He was
sent here to take responsibility, and he would
account himself unfaithful and unworthy of his
trust, if he did not take responsibility on all proper
occasions. Upon all questions involving the rights
of the South and the southern institution of sla-
very, he should vote with the South. And if he
had any fears on this subject, they were not for
himself or his constituents, but rather for the
North. If gentlemen desired it of him, he would
now tell them, that he felt the necessity, on the
part of the South, of standing togetherupon every
question involving the right of property in slaves,
the slave trade, and abolition in all its forms. He
knew that they must stand together for defence:
therefore, as the South voted so he should vote,
till the pressure from without should be with-
drawn. The South acted together upon the prin-
ciple of self-protection and self-preservation. They
stood for protection against destruction and anni-
hilation. He knew not the motive which prompted
this outward pressure; he felt its existence, and he
knew that" the South af ted purely on the defensive;
they merely warded oft' the blow directed against
their peace, their safety, their lives. Such were
his motives for voting with the South. And he
now said to all who were opposed to him or his
country, Withdraw yourpressure; cease to agitate
this question; let us alone; do wiiatsoever you
think to be right without endangering us, and you
will find that we, too, are ready to do right. '
Mr. FICIILIN desired to inquire of the gentle-
man from Mississippi, before he took his seat,
whether he had stated that the bill before the
House was a transcript of a law of the State of
Mississippi? '
Mr. gROWN replied that he bad so stated the
fact. The law, however, had been repealed by
the Legislature of Mississippi some two or three
years ago. The reason why it had been repealed,
he supposed, was of no consequence there.
, While upon this subject, he might soy, that,
although he had voted for the motion of the gen-
tleman from Georgia, to lay the bill on the table,
he did not fully approve of it. Hp was perfectly
willing now, as he should be at any time hereafter,
to see the motion of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
