1849.
THE 'CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
42S
Senate bills entitled <£An act to grant to the
Atlantic and Gulf Railroad Company the right of
way through the public lsnds of, the United
States;"*and
"An act declaratory of the *Act for the admis-
sion of the State of Iowa into the Union.' "
Read a first and second time, and referred—the
first to the Committee on Public Lands, and the
second to the Committee on Territories.
RIGHT OF WAY.
The bill granting: theVight of way to the Mobile
and Ohio Railroad Company coming up on its first
and second reading—
Mr. GAYLE (scarcely heard) asked'the House
to consider it at this time. He was understood to
say, that the Ohio and Mobile Railroad Company
were ready to commence operations; they had en-
tered upon the survey, more than a million of
stock had been subscribed, and the company could
not commence until the right of way had been
granted.
Mr. DICKEY moved that the bill be referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. STEPHENS renewed his motion that the
Hbuse resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
And the question having been taken and decided
in the affirmative, the House again resolved itself
into Committee of the" Whole on the state of the
Unioji,(Mr. Joseph R. Ingersoll, of Pennsylva-
nia, in the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of the bill making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice for the year ending 30th June, 1850.
The bill was ordered to be read by sections.
Under the resolution adopted yesterday, ten
minutes remained for debate.
The first section of the bill being under consid-
eration in the words following:
For pav ofcommiesion, warrant, and petty officers and sea-
men, including: the engineer corps of the navy, $2,433,500—
Mr. GREELEY moved to amend it by adding
at the end thereof the following proviso:
Provided, That no farther appointments of wan ant officers
be made until Congress shall expressly direct a resumption
of such appointments.
Mr. GREELEY (in explanation) said the item
just read proposed to appropriate $£,432,500 for
the pay of officers and seamen of the navy of the
United States. He had carefully examined and
brought up the items of expenditure for this part
of the service, and he found the salaries of the
officers to amount to $1,735,813, or nearly three-
fourths of the entire sum; leaving only about
$700,000 for the pay of the seamen. It appeared
also, from the examinations he had made, that
there was a larger number of these officers out of
employment, and waiting: orders, than there were
in actual service. Yet, in the face of these facts,
at the last session of Congress, for some reason
which he did not pretend to understand, Congress
voted to add four hundred and sixty-four to the
number of" midshipmen, when, at the same time, j
not more than one-half of them were needed for j
the service. Now, it struck him that it was not !
wise thus to go on increasing the numberof officers J
for whom the Government had no employment. |
He therefore proposed so to modify the act of the
last session as to provide against the appointment
of any more midshipmen tilt the Secretary of the
Navy might report that an additional number was
requisite.
Thegentlfeman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Strong]
who last addressed the committee upon this bill,
had spoken with great pertinency and force of the
necessity of retrenching these expenses of the
navy. He (Mr. G.) desired also to retrench, but
for another object. He desired to prepare for
larger investments in that new field of expenditure
recently proposed by the establishment of several
new lines of ocean mail steamers.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, interposed now to say,
it was impossible to hear what the gentleman was
talking about from the part ofthe Hail where he was.
Mr. PECK rose to a question of order. He
submitted that the amendment ofthe gentleman
from New York [Mr. Greeley] was not in order.
The bill proposed to appropriate money for the
support of the navy for the year ending June
30, 1850. The amendment proposed to regulate
the appointment of officers, and it was not ger-
mane to the subject-matter of the bill..
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, asked that order might
be restored,and that the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Greeley] would change his position, as not
a word that he had said could be heard in the part
ofthe Hall in which he (Mr. K.) was seated.
Mr. GREELEY recapitulated the points of his
explanation.
Mr. KING said, there was no such increase of
officers as the gentlemen had referred to. No in-
crease had taken place in the appointment of offi-
i cers of the navy since the act of 1842, except to
' fill vacancies.
Mr. GREELEY. Why, then, was this item in-
creased to $2,600,000?
Mr. KING replied, thathe had not inquired into
that*, but he knew that the act of 1842 had never
been repealed.
Mr. GREELEY continued, reiterating, that for
some reason or other, here was an increase in the
item of pay of $270,000 over the same item of last
year.
He proceeded to submit, whether it would not
be better to retrench instead of increasing these
expenditures, which went to the pay of men not
needed for the service, in order that the new field
of national enterprise to which he had adverted,
might be entered upon with more liberality. He
regarded the construction of those ocean mail
steamers, (if they were properly built,) to be one
of the best possible forms in which the public
money could be invested. The Government would
thus raise up a marine armament which would
constitute one of the strongest defences of the
country in time of war. For this reason he urged
retrenchment in^heold forms of naval expendi-
tures, which he regarded as a system which ought
to be considered obsolete and wearing out. He
desired, at least, to put a stop to this appointment
of additional midshipmen. He considered it full
time that the whole subject of naval Expenditures
was submitted to careful revision and amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK asked that the amendment be
read.
And it was read by the Clerk.
Mr. S. then, (under the privilege of a pro fowia
I amendment,) was understood, amidst the noise of
conversation, in which sometimes the speaker's
voice would be lost, to say that there mi^ht have
been an increase of seamen; but certainly there
had been no increase of officers requiring; the ad-
ditional amount of appropriation which the gentle-
man from New- York had pointed out. He did not
pretend to explain the reason or necessity for the
increase of appropriation—nor did he feel disposed
at all to question the correctness of what had come
from the Committee of Ways and Means—that
was their business. But he desired to correct an
error into which the gentleman had fallen. So far
from the increase of officers to the number indi-
cated (four hundred and sixty-four) by the law of
last session, the actual number of the increase of
midshipmen was only thirteen. Of the remainder
of the number contemplated in the act referred to,
it was provided that, whenever they should come
to be appointed hereafter, they should be selected
from the several Congressional districts ofthe Uni-
ted States, which would.give about two warrant
officers to each district. That was part of the law
of the last session; and there had been no such
increase as the gentleman had spoken of.
He proceeded to show that the effect of the
amendment by the gentleman from New York
would be to prevent the coming forward of young
midshipmen to fill the vacancies occurring by the
advancing age of the older officers, and it would
put a stop to the equalization of appointments
amongst the several Congressional districts. The
amendment did not propose an adequate remedy
for the evil complained of.* He invited the gentle-
man from New York to assist him in bringing up
the bill upon the calendar for the benefit^of the
retired list of naval officers, which provided for the
retirement of worn-out officers upon half-pay; and
in that way the evil would be cured. That was
the remedy which the service needed, instead of
putting a stop to future appointments, which would
also stop the plan of distribution amongst the dis-
tricts, and permit all the old and worn-out officers
to continue to grow older and more useless, instead
of putting them off at half-pay. j
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Greeley, and it was rejected.
Mr. GREELEY offered the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the item:
Provided, That no officer of the navy shall heneeforth be
promoted or appointed to a bigiier grade,so as to be entitled
to the pay and allowances thereof, until there are already
officers of that higher grade employed or waiting orders.-
^ Mr. KING, of Georgia, said, that that was now
tne law. The officers were constantly applying .to
the Committee on Naval Affairs for allowances of
the pay of the grade in which they had been ottjlertfti
to serve. He had just been applied to to haveth&t
part of the law repealed.
Mr.,GREELEY withdrew the amendment,
j The following item being'under consideration:
j For provisions for commission, warrant, and petty officers
j and seamen, including engineers and marines, attached to
j vessels for sea service, six hundred and eighty-six thousand
two hundred dollars —
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved the
following amendment, to come in at the end ofthe
item: *
Provided, That ardent ppfrits shall not hereafter constitute
any part of the navy lations.
Mr. ROCKWELL sai&a few words in expla-
nation.
Mr. FULTON moved to amend the amendment
by allowing five cents per day in lieu of the spirit
ration. *
Mr. ROCKWELL accepted the modification*
Yarious pro forma amendments were moved, for
purposes of opinion, as follows;
Mr.VENA.BLE. To make the ration seven
cents. (Withdrawn.)
Mr. GREEN. To strike out five cents and in-
sert one.
This amendment was rejected.
Mr. POLLOCK. To strike out five cents, and
insert four. Agreed to.
. Mr. MURPHY moved the following amend-
ment:
.Provided a&o, That neither ardent spirits nor liquor of any
kind whatever shall be introduced or Kept aboard any na-
tional vessel, or other vessel m the service of tlie United
States, except as a part of the medicinal stores.
Mr. M. explained.
The amendment by ayes 89, noes 44, was agreed
to.
Mr. MORSE wished to move to double the
ration.
That motion being pronounced out of order—
Mr. M. moved a pro forma amendment, to enable
him to express his views against the whole prop-
osition.
Mr. BURT moved that the committee rise.
Mr. VINTON hoped that the committee would
not rise until four o'clock.
The question was taken by tellers, (Mr. Thomp-
son of Mississippi and Mr. Pollock,) and the
vote stood—ayes 84, noes 60.
So the committee rose and reported progress.
On motion of Mr. FULTON, ^
Resolved. That Chailes Taylorhave leave to withdraw his
petition and papers from the filts of the House.
And then the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.,
The following petitions and memorials were presented*
under the rule, and referred :
By Mr. CROWELL: The petition of A. D. Jacobs, Henry
Heasley, and others, citizens of Mahoning counfy, Obio,rep-
lesenting tha^in their opinion the system of land traffic,
imported from Europe, is wrong in principle, am! is fast
debasing us to the condition of dependent tenants, resulting
in a rapid increase of inequality, nnsfeiy, pauperism, vice,
and crime; and that therefore effectual measures ought to
betaken to eradicate the evil, and establish a principle more
in accordance with our lepubhoan theory as laid down in
the Decimation of Independence; and proposing tliatthe
General Government shall no Ionizer ttattic, nor permit traf-
fic in the public lands yet in its p'.s-ej-Hon, and that they
shall be laid out in farms ana for the fiee use of such
landless citizens a« will occupy them, &c.
Bv Mr. TALLMADGE: The mnnouui of C. Edwards
Lester and otb r->. <>i the city nt New York, for cheap postage.
Bv \>r. PEYTO\T: The "petition ofN. E. Gray and others,
of Christian county, Kentucky, in favor of cheap postage,
and for the abolition ot the franking privilege.
Mi. TUCK: The petition of H. W. Wilkinson and 187
others, ladies of Syracuse, m the State of New York, praying
Congress to prevent the extension of slavery, to withdraw all
countenance of the Government to the slave trade, and to
aboh&h slavery wherever Congress have competent junsdic-
ll°jBy Mr. GREELEY: Twenty-three memorials from citi-
zen' of New York, asking Congress to abolish corporal
punishment in the navy ofthe United States; three peti-
tions from citizens of New York, for cheap postage; one
from citizens of Defiance, Ohio, for the same.
Bv Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania: The petition of a
numberof the citizens of Cumberland county, Pennsylva-
nia, representing the depressed state of the mining and man-
ufacturing interest of that State, and praying for such a
modification ofthe present tariff as will afford adequate
protection and encouragement to these ereat interests, and
thereby restore and secure the home market to our farmers,
and employment to our laboi.
