424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb..l,
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 1, 1849.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a memorial
from citizens of Philadelphia, praying for the enact-
ment of a law for the better regulating the mileage
of members of Congress; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BREESE presented a petition from citizens
of Illinois, asking a grant of public land to that
State, in aid of the construction of a railroad from
the Upper, and Lower Mississippi to Chicago;
which was laid on the table.
Mr. DIX presented a petition from Edward C.
Delavan and others, citizens of Ballston and Sara-
toga, praying for .the prohibition of the use of
intoxicating liquors on board of United States
vessels; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. DIX also presented a memorial from the
merchants of New York, praying that a shoal
outside of Nantucket may be marked by buoys;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. DAYTOJf;presented a petition from citi-
zens of Trenton and vicinity, praying for a reduc-
tion of the rates of postage; which was laid on the
table.
Mr. BORLAND presented a petition from S.
Waldrun, David P. Wells, andN.H. Wyse, com-
missioned officers of a company of mounted ran-
gers, under the command of Captain Gates, at
Tampico, asking compensation for their services;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported House bilhto confirm the title to
section 16, and the west half of section 12, in town-
ship 3 north, range 16 east, in Seneca county,
Ohio, without amendment.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a Dill to grant a right of way
across the public lands, and to dispose of said
lands in aid of the several States in the construc-
tion of railroads and canals; which was read a first
time, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, moved that the
Committee on Pensions be discharged from the
consideration of the petition of Mary Connelly, on
the ground that the case of the petitioner is pro-
vided for by the existing law; and the committee
was discharged accordingly.
Mr. CORWIN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported House bill to authorize new se-
lections of lands'in lieu of worthless school sections
or sections of inferior quality, and for other pur-
poses, without amendment.
Mr. CORWIN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported the bill granting to the State of
Louisiana land for internal improvement, without
amendment.
GOLD DOLLARS AND DOUBLE EAGLES.
Mr. ATHERTON, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, reported a bill to authorize the coinage of
gold dpllars and double eagles; which was read,
and ordered to a second reading.
PRINTING CONTRACT.
Mr. PEA.RCE asked and obtained leave to in-
troduce the following joint resolution extending
the time for receiving proposals for the printing of
Congress:
Resolmt, That the time for receiving proposals for
supplying the Senate and House of Representatives, respect-
ively, ot the next ensuing Conpess with the neces-sary
printing thereof, be extended until the first day of March
next.
Mr. President, I ask for the consideration ofthis
resolution now, and if the Senate will allow me I
will explain the reason why I think it necessary that
it should be acted upon at this time. I think there
is no doubtthat the public printing has been less ex-
pensive under the arrangement ofthis and that last
session than before. But there is still great objec-
tion to the manner in which it is executed. Some
of the officers of the Senate have been directed to
make an examination, and they have ascertained
that the paper is of an inferior quality, and not
according to contract. Likewise that the quantity
of matter on each page is less than that for which
we stipulated, by at least ten per cent. In addi-
tion to this, there has been great delay in fur-
nishing the Senate with documents which have
been ordered-to be printed. At this late period of
the session Senators have received but three or
four copies of the President's message and accom-
panying documents; while many documents or-
dered at the last session have not yet been fur-
nished, so that the reports and documents are likely
to become stale before they are*received. It is,
therefore, desirable that some modification should
be made in the joint resolution under which the
printing is done. Some "Senators think that it
should be abolished altogether; others, that it
should be so modified as to afford some security
for the prompt performance of the public printing.
The resolution under which the printing is now
done requires the publication of an advertisement
for four weeks by the Secretary of the Senate and
Clerk of the House of Representatives for bids,
and at a time appointed by them the bids are to be
opened. The time which they have fixed is the
third day of February, and if we are to effect any
modification of the lules and regulations under
which the printing is done, so as to secure dis-
patch and a conformity with the contract, it is
necessary that the time at which the proposals shall
be received shall be extended. My object is to
extend the time till the first of March, which will
give opportunity to make some modification in the
contracts. If this shall be agreed to, 1 propose to
submit a resolution to-morrow instructing theCom-
mittee on Printing on this subject.
The joint resolution was then taken up as in
Committee of the Whole, and no amendment
being made therein, it was reported to the Senate,
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
and was read a third time and passed.
WILLIAM DE BUYS.
Mr. DOWNS moved that the previous orders
be postponed, and that the Senate proceed to the ]
consideration of the bill for the relief of William
De Buys, late postmaster at New Orleans.
After a few remarks from Mr. BADGER, Mr.
YULEE, Mr. DOWNS, Mr. RUSK, Mr. JOHN- :
SON of Louisiana, and Mr. IvliNG, the motion
was agreed to.
The bill was then taken up for consideration as
in Committee of the Whole, and reported without
amendment. .
The question being on its third reading, some
remarks were made by Mr. NILES, Mr. K.USK,
Mr. BRIGHT, and Mr. JOHNSON of Louisi-
ana; when the question was taken, and decided in
the negative-—ayes 14, noes 19.
So the bill was rejected.
CAPTORS OP THE FRIGATE PHILADELPHIA.
The Senate then proceeded, on the motion of
Mr. YULEE, to the consideration of the bill for
the relief of the captors of the frigate Philadelphia.
Mr. DIX. In connection with the consideration
of this bill, 1 intended to call the attention of the
Senate to certain papeis; but, inasmuch as these
papers are now m possession of a member of the
other House, I shall not at present be able 10 do
more^ than explain a motion to amend this bill
which is based upon the facts set forth in those
papers. I desire to insart a provision in this bill
—which is in part for the relief of the heirs of
Commodore Decatur—providing that his nieces or
adopted children who were living with him at the
time of his death—two of whom are now married,
and one of whom is the widow of Major Twiggs,
who died in Mexico—shall, for the purposes of
this bill, be deemed as his children, and, a's such,
be entitled to a share of this prize money. The
papers showing the propriety of this amendment,
as I have said, are not now in my possession.
As there appears to be no particular necessity for
the exhibition of these papers, 1 will offer the fol-
lowing amendment, embracing m substance what I
have already stated to the Senate.
Provided, That the meces of Commodore Stephen De-
catur shall, for the purposes of tms bill, be ueemed his chil-
dren, and Miare as such in the distribution ol tne prize
money to he made.
Mr. KING. I understand that' these adopted
children of Commodore Decatur were not living
with him at the time of his death. If such be the
fact, it appears to me that the object of the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from New York would
be more clearly set forth by naming these individ-
uals, and constituting them as joint heirs, so far
as regards the distribution of this fund.
Mr. YULEE. I would suggest a course in re-
lation to this matter which may be satisfactory,
perhaps, and that is, that this amendment be agreed
to by the Senate in the form in which it now
stands, and the bill reported; and then, before the
final engrossment and passage of the bill, if the
Senate perceive any defect in the operation of this
amendment, it can be remedied.
Mr. CAMERON. I think the difficulty in the
matter would be obviated by inserting the names
of these individuals, as suggested by the Senator
from Alabama.
Mr. DIX. I have no objection to that plan at
all. I move that the amendment be altered so as
to read that " Mrs. Priscilla Twiggs and her two
sisters be considered as joint heirs m the distribu-
tion of this prize money." _ I would also ask that
the words "living with him at the time of his
death" be stricken out. I suppose I was laboring
under a misapprehension in regard to this fact.
The amendment was modified accordingly.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I desiie to ask the Sen-
ator from New York for some information. X
would inquire, if the law disposes of this money
after the death of Commodore Decatur, how can
the Senator deprive those who are entitled to that
money under the law of its enjoyment by any
amendment he may offer? Coming from the inte-
rior of the country, as I do, I know very little
about the maritime regulations of prize cases, they
not having come under my notice or supervision.
What I want to be informed about upon this ques-
tion is this: If acts of Congress declare, that upon
the death of an officer, his heirs shail be entitled to
prize-money that may be due to him, and if those
acts of Congress regulate the disposition of prize-
money accruing after his death, how can we pre-
vent its falling into the channel thus pointed out
by law? I presume we cannot; yet Senators
around me state that there is no law or arrange-
ment affecting this particular case which directs
what course this money shall take. I had sup-
posed, as 1 have said, that there was some rule for
the regulation of the distribution of this prize-
money; but, from the remarks I have heard, I sup-
pose that it is in the power of Congress, with
reference to this particular case, to make what
arrangements they please as to the distribution.
Mr. YULEE. 1 can satisfy the mind of the
Senator from Kentucky upon this point, perhaps,
when I state that this bounty money proposed to
be granted by this bill does not enter into the as-
sets of a deceased officer. Had Commodore Deca-
tur brought this ship out of the harbor of Tripoli,
he and those assisting him in the enterprise would
have been entitled, under the existing prize act, to
a distribution among them of a sum of money
equivalent to the value of the vessel; but, as this
vessel was destroyed in the harbor, they were en-
titled to nothing under the existing law. It has
been usugl, however, in the practice of the Gov-
ernment, with reference to cases of this character,
to make remuneration in the way of bounty, or the
donation of an amount commensurate" to the ser-
vices rendered, and also as a tribute of gratitude.
The prize-money involved in this case is bounty
that has thus been granted to the captors of this
vessel. The distribution of such bounty is not
only regulated in respect to the heirs of an officer
who may have died, but is absolutely prohibited
in some cases. For instance, this bill provides
that the distribution of these shares shall be made
to officers4now living, and in case of their death
the shares are to be distributed equally among
their widows and children; but, in default of any
widows or children, the money shall remain in the
treasury, and cannot go to his credit, nor to the
credit of any of his collateral issues. This is,
therefore, a case of bounty, to be distributed under
certain limitations, as Congress pleases. In this
case it appears that Mrs. Twiggs and sisters, pro-
vided for in this amendment, were adopted by
Commodore Decatur as his children, and were
regarded as such by him at the time of his death.
This fact coming under the notice of Congress, it
seems proper, in making arrangement for the al-
lowance of the share of prize-money due Commo-
dore Decatur's widow, that these joint heirs, his
adopted children, should be recognized as such by _
us in this bill.
Mr. KING. This bill was up for consideration
some weeks past, but laid aside in consequence of
my desire to examine it more particularly, and
ascertain whether some provision had not already
been made to the widow of 'Commodore Decatur
since the time of his death, in the form of certain
