428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1,
Mr. STANTON offered the following amend-
ment:
Provided, That the first section of "An act making appro-
1 prtatiufi* for the naval service for the year 1842," approved
on the 4th day of August, 1842, so far as it restrains promo-
tions in the naval service, be, and the same is hereby, re-
pealed.
Mr. S. said (in explanation) that the proposition
he had just offered was precisely contrary to that
offered by the gentleman from New York yester-
day, and which had been withdrawn. The amend-
ment, probably, might belong more appropriately
to a former part of the bill; but he supposed that
it was not inappropriate here or elsewhere. He
would remark that the provision in the act of
1842 
Mr. VINTON raised the question of order on
the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN inquired to what section the
gentleman proposed that his proposition should be
added as an amendment?
Mr. STANTON said he offered it as an amend-
ment to the first section.
The CHAIRMAN thought that it was not in
order. It might be in order as an additional sec-
tion, if the whole bill had been gone through with.
The amendment being again read, was declared
out of order.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, inquired whether it
was m order to go back to the first section ?
The CHAIRMAN thought not. After the bill
had been gone through with, the gentleman would
then have an opportunity of offering an amendment
to any part of the bill, if the amendment should
not be incongruous.
The following item being under consideration:
For ordnance and ordnance stores, and small arms, in-
cluding incidental expenses, two hundredaand fifty-seven
thousand dollars—
Mr. VINTON offered the following amend-
ment:
For the construction at the National Observatory of a
magnetic clock, under the superintendence of Dr. Locke,
and to pay him for the free use by the United States of his
invention of said clock, and of "all improvements he may
make thereto, $10,000.
Mr. VINTON, in explanation, said that he had
in his hand a letter from the Secretary of the Navy
and from the Superintendent of the National Ob-
servatory, stating that this was.an improvement of
great importance to that institution; a great saving
would be effected by it.
Mr. STANTON moved to amend the amend-
ment, by striking out " ten"and inserting "elev-
en" thousand.
Mr. S., in explanation said, that he had offered
this amendment for the purpose of saying that he
presumed every member was familiar with the in-
strument which it was proposed now to purchase
and to furnish to the Observatory. At all events,
he presumed if gentlemen were not familiar with
the instrument, they knew the fact that it was of
the highest importance in the science of astron-
omy.
Mr. S. proceeded to explain the importance and
utility of the instrument.
Mr. BOWLIN inquired whether this instru-
ment had been adopted in any Observatory?
Mr. STANTON replied, that he was not pre- \
pared to say positively whether it had been adopt- j
ed or not. But he presumed that it had been !
adopted at the Observatory at Cincinnati, where ^
it had been discovered.
Mr. S. withdrew his amendment.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Vinton, and the vote stood—ayes 64, noes,
41—[no quorum voting.]
Tellers were appointed,and the vote having been
again taken, stood—ayes 86, noes 36.
So the amendment was agreed to.
NAUTICAL ALMANAC.
Mr. STANTON, under instructions (he said)
from the Committee on Naval Affairs, offered the I
following amendment: j
For the preparation and publication of the American Nau- I
ttcal Almanac, to be conducted bv the Superintendent of the J
Observatory, five thousand dollars. - j
Mr. S., in explanation, said that this proposition j
was an old acquaintance of this House, and he {
supposed that it would be unnecessary for him to !
say much on the subject. It had been discussed 1
in this House three years ago, two years ago, j
and twelve months ago. It had been Recommended h
heretofore, if not at the present session, by the Ij
Secretary of the Navy; and he believed it had been j |
admitted on all hands, where the proposition was
understood, to be of great importance.
Now,^he would say to those gentlemen in this
House, whose laudable object seemed to be on all 1
occasions to promote economy in the expenditures !
of the Government, that there would not in reality
be a loss of one dollar to the Government by the I
adoption of this proposition. The publication of •!
the Almanac from data which were now in the i
possession of the Observatory, and which were
accumulating every day, would relieve the Gov-
ernment from the necessity of purchasing the same
work prepared under other Governments. It was
important to the character of the Government that
our national vessels should be guided by such a
work, published in our own country. There was
no question that such a work could be prepared
here as well as under any other Government.
There was no question that the work at our Ob-
servatory was done as well as the work at any
Observatory in the world. There was no question
that our Government could put forth a more com-
plete and accurate work of this description than
any other country in the world. It was import-
ant to the character of the country, it was import-
ant to our national pride, it was important to the
national honor and independence, that this work
which had been so often recommended by the i
Secretary of the Navy, and which now recom- !
mended itself to the favorable consideration of 1
every liberal mind, should be adopted. He hoped
it would be agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER called for the reading of the
amendment; which was again read.
Mr. VINTON suggested that an appropriation
for the purpose contemplated in the amendment
was included in that item of the bill for nautical
books, maps, charts, instruments, and all other
expenses of the Hydrographical Office.
And, (Mr. V. said,) that in looking to the esti-
mates, he found that one of the items was for cal-
culating and publishing a nautical almanac.
Mr. STANTON said he was not aware that the
appropriation was included in that item.
And thereupon he withdrew his amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK moved the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the same item,
(i. e. that for nautical books, &c.:) J
For paying the unsatisfied demands upon the fund for ,
continuing the survey of the coast in the Gulf of Mexico, '
from ApalachicoJa Da> to the Mississippi,^070, to be taken '
out of Lhe balance of the fund appiopnated lor that purpose
by the act of the 3d of March, 1841, which has been earned !
to the credit of the surplus fund. j
j Mr. SCHENCK, in explanation, said that he ]
, held in his hand a letter from the Fourth Auditor, ,
; showing the necessity of the appropriation, and a i
recommendation fiorn the Secretary of the Navy |
that a reappropriation should be made to pay these !
unsatisfied demands.   1
He would not ask that the letter might be read, j
If gentlemen desired it they could say so. !
The reading of the letter was not pressed, and ;
Mr. SCHENCK having made a brief explana- i
tion— „ I
The question was taken, and the amendment was !
agreed to. }
The following item being under consideration— !
For contingent expenses that may accrue for the fol~ i
lowing purpo.-eSj viz: Freight and transportation; printing ;
and stationery; advertising in newspapers; books, maps, j
models and drawings; puiehase and repair of fire engines j
and machinery; repair of, and attending on, steam-engines 1
m yards; puichase and maintenance of horses and oxen, !
and driving teams ; carts, timber-wheels, and the purchase 1
and repair ot workmen's tools; postage of public letters; i
furniture for Government houses; fuel, oil, and candles for j
navy-yards and shore stations; cleaning and clearing up ;
yards; watchmen and incidental labor not chargeable to any j
other appropriation ; labor attending the delivery of stores
and supplies on foreign stations; wharfage, dockage, and
rent; traveling expenses of officers; funeral expenses; I
store and olhce rent; stationery and fuel to navy agents j
and storekeepers; flag0, awnmgs, and packing-boxes; '
premiums and other expenses of leciuiting; apprehending
deserters; per diem pay to persons attending cnurts-mauiaf j
and courts of inquiry, or other {service authorized by law; i
pay to judge advocates; pilotage and towage ot vessels, and i
assistance rendered to vessels in distress, live hundred and !
eight thousand dollars— , j
Mr. KING, of Georgia, moved to amend it by !!
.adding at the end thereof the following: Ij
For the trial of useful inventions and the.purchase of the
right to use patented inventions in the naval service, fifty :i
thousand dollars. 'I
Mr. KING, in explanation, said that some ;!
years ago an appropriation'similar to this had
been made by Congress, authorizing the Secretary |!
of the Navy to purchase useful inventions for the i
use of the njfval service. That fund fiad been
exhausted. Every year applications were made to
the department, not only that trials might be made
in inventions, but that the inventions themselves
might be purchased. He had several letters from
the Secretary of the Navy in his desk/asking
appropriations for inventions of which he pro-
posed to make use. The Secretary had no doubt
of his authority to purchase the machines them-
selves, but he had no right, as he thought, to pur- '
chase the patents. That was a distinct right. The
Secretary of the Navy thought that the sum of
one hundred thousand dollars would be-a proper
appropriation; but the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, taking into view all circumstances, were
of opinion that it would be better to ask an appro-
priation of fifty thousand dollars only.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and was decided in the negative—ayes 32, noes
not counted.
So the amendment was rejected.
MAIL STEAMERS.
The following item being under consideration:
For transportation of the United States mail between New
York and Liverpool, between New York and New Orleans,
Havana, and Chagrp«?, and between Panama and some point
id the Territory of Oregon, $874,600—
Mr. SAWYER moved to strike out the words,
"New Orleans, Havana," so as to make it read
"between NewYork*andChagres,"&c. Rejected.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, under the direction of
the Committee on Naval Affairs, moved the fol-
lowing amendment, to be added at the end of the
item, viz : *
And all contracts madt1 by the Postmaster General for the
conveyance of the United States mails by sea be, and they
are hereby, transferred to the Navy Department, and placed
under the direction and f-upervi&ion ot the Secretary of the
Navy, who is heieby invented with all the authority now
con fen ed by lawori the Postmastei General authonzmghim
to make or carry into effect bueh contiacts.
He said he had not time, nor did he propose to
enter largely into any remarks, to show the pro-
priety of transferring these contracts to the Navy
Department. This mail packet service was de-
signed to he, and would be made to be, a great
branch of the naval service. By mistake, rather
than by design, the Postmaster General had'been
authorized to make several contracts for the trans-
Eortation of the mail by steamers. The Post Office
apartment was not at all prepared to examine the
construction of ships to know whether they were
in a fit condition, or whether they had been con-
structed suitably for mail purposes. The Navy
Department had all the necessary means of ascer-
taining whether the ships weresuitable forthis pur-
pose. And as they were designed to be a branch
of the naval service, he hoped that the contracts
which had been made by the Post Office Depart-
ment would be transferred to the Navy Depart-
ment. When Great Britain adopted this system of
mail steamers as a branch of her own navy, in 1840,
she transferred all her post office contracts to the
Board of Admiralty, by act of Parliament. The
amendment which he proposed simply designed
to take the same course with reference to the con-
tracts made by the Post Office Department. We
had seen that'the ships constructed under the direc-
tion of the Post Office Department did not answer
the purpose for which they were designed. He
designed, however, to make no illiberal remarks
in reference to thePostmasterGeneral. He believed
the intentions of that officer were good; he believed
that he designed to do right; but he had not the
necessary means; he had no connection with the
Navy Department whatever; he had no bureau of
construction, no engineers, no naval constructors,
no persons connected with his department to ena-
ble him to see that the ships authorized were prop-
erly constructed; and there had been some very
lamentable mistakes, lie had failed to place naval
officers on board these ships, which was one part
of the design; the nation, therefore, had been de-
prived of the benefits of the instruction which the
naval officers would have received if they had been
placed on board these vessels.
It was not the design of the committee, by the
amendment he had reported, to vary, or m any
degree to interfere with the contracts which had
been made by the Post Office Department, but to
transfer them to the Navy Department where they
properly belonged, and to place them under the
charge of the Secretary of the Navy, that hereafter
he might see to it> that these ships should be ren-
dered suitable for naval purposes when they should
be desired by the Government.
