1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
429
^It was not the design of the committee to take
the mails out of the charge of the Postmaster Gen-
eral, but simply to transfer the care and supervision
of the ships and of the contracts to the Navy De-
partment, by which they should originally have
been made, and to which they properly belonged.
These contracts might be, and he trusted would*'
be, properly extended as the circumstances of the
country required.
He should endeavor, on the proper occasion, to
answer the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Strong,] who in his argument the other day ex-
pressed his opposition to the transmission of the
mail by these lines of steamers, and to show to this
House that unless the Government adopted this
mode of creating a steam navy we should be behind
the great maritime Powers of the earth, and that
those Powers would not only command the carry-
ing trade of the world, but would carry guns to
command all the navies of the world.
Mr. FlCKLIN raised a point of order against
the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment in or-
der.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was rejected. ^
Mr. STRONG moved to amend, by reducing
the amount of the item from $874,600 to $574,600.
He said he moved the amendment more with
the hope of eliciting facts upon the subject than
of effecting any considerable change in the bill.
The contracts for which this proposed appropria-
. tion was to be made, were with the lines of mail
steamers between New York and Liverpool, be-
tween New York and New Orleans via Havana,
and from Panama to Oregon; the other contracts
were under the charge of the Post Office Depart-
ment. He had not recently seen these contracts,
• but he understood them to be contracts for s'ervice
—real or nominal—to be performed by those lines
when the steamships should have been construct-
ed; and he supposed that the Government was
under no obligation to pay these annuities to any
one of these lines until the steamships should be
put afloat and have commenced their trips. With
respect to the line between New York and Liver-
pool, it was a fact known to this House that the
steamships were not completed, and yet by the law
of the last session an appropriation had been made
for the year ending 30th June 1849, of the entire
sum which would be necessary for the service if
every one of these steamers were afloat, anfl the
same amount was asked to be appropriated now.
Now, as the appropriation could not be made until
the steamships were afloat, and as some of them
had not been launched until very recently, and
others were not yet launched, it could not be ne-
cessary to appropriate §874,000 for the year end-
ing 30th June, lo50.
He was unable to say how much of the appro-
priation of the last year was unexpended; and it
was to elicit information with respect to this mat-
ter, more than for anything else, that he had offered
the amendment. There must be some of the ap-
propriations unexpended for the payment of these
annuities, which, as we had contracted to pay, he
• admitted we were bound to pay, when the steam-
ships were constructed and the lines put into oper-
ation.
Mr. VINTON .(on a pro forma amendment to
the amendment) said he took it for granted, that
at the end of the year, there would be nothing re-
maining of the appropriation for the current year.
It was true, these ships were not all in service; a
part of them were; all of the Panama line were.
It would be recollected, however, that at the last
session the Government authorized an advance to
be made to these contractors, an amount equal to
the current year's appropriation, in monthly instal-
ments.
Mr. STRONG (interposing) said this was true
with reference to one line, but he believed that
with reference to the others, no payments were au-
thorized to be made until the ships were launched.
Mr. VINTON replied, that although he had not
recently looked into the law, he was confident that
the advances were authorized to be msde to all the
lines. The whole amount of the previous appropri-
ation would therefore be used during the current
year.
The question was taken, and the amendment of
Mr. Strong was rejected—ayes 37, noes 85.
Mr. DICKINSON moved to strike out the item
(given above) for $874,000. He said he desired to
elicit some information frpm the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, or from other
gentlemen who had charge of this subject. Here
was what proposed to appropriate $10,000000 to,
one branch of .the public service; he would like
to know how long, at the rate we were now going
on, it would take this one branch of the service to
swallow up all the revenues of the country. Some
few years ago, the expenses of the Navy Depart-
ment, prior to the Mexican war, were §6,000,000;
now, in a time of peace, this bill reported from the
Committee of Ways and Means of this-House,
proposed to appropriate #10,000,000, and before
it passed the Senate and finally became a law,
it might be presumed that it would amount to
$12,000,000.
Here was one item which he proposed to strike
out, ($874,000,) for the payment of contracts which
had been entered into forcarrying our mails abroad.
What returns had we received from this expendi-
ture during the last year? But $29,000; though,
by this appropriation, and the appiopnation in the
post office bill, we had appropriated $1,300,000 lor
this foreign mail service. There was further a
proposition before the House and before the coun-
try, to appropriate $4,000,000—that was, $200,000
a-year for twenty years—to another company for
carrying the mails.
There had been no opportunity given for the
discussion of this bill: a bill appropriating ten
millions of dollars had been m Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union but two hours
and fifteen minutes, when the general debate upon
it was closed, and it was now being pressed through
without any explanations being given as to the ne-
cessity of the great increase in the various items.
He protested against this mode of doing business.
It was making the House nothing but a bed of
justice to register the edicts of the committees who
recommended the appropriations. There was no
opportunity given for discussion, for examination,
and the great body of the members knew nothing
more ahout the necessity for this alarming increase
of expenditure for this branch of the public service
than individuals at home who only read their pro-
ceedings. He called upon the Committee of Ways
and Means to enlighten the committee upon the
subject, and to give the reasons why these appro-
priations should be made. He would like to know
how long it would be, if the increase was continued
at the same rate, before the expenditures for the
Navy Department alone would swallow up all the
revenues which it was possible for this Govern-
ment to collect?
He withdrew the amendment.
The item of $95,000 for navy-yard at New
J£ork, being under consideration—
Mr. GREELEY moved an amendment to strike
out the words ufor two officers' houses," among
the enumerated objects of the appropriation.
He occupied the time allowed to explanation in
reading a letter which contained detailed charges
of abuses in the administration of this navy-yard,
especially of the funds which had previously been
appropriated for the erection of officers' houses.
Mr. MURBHY (pro forma) moved to insert
one house instead of two houses. He had not, he
said, heard the whole of the letter which his col-
league [Mr. Greeley] had read; but from such
portion of it as he had heard, he was satisfied that
the information was not such as this House should
rely upon. He asked his colleague for the name
of the author.
Mr. GREELEY said he was responsible for the
veracity and worth of the gentleman who wrote
the letter.
Mr. MURPHY proceeded to vindicate the ap-
propriation, and to show the necessity of having
responsible persons resident at the naval stations
to protect the property, &c.
Some explanation passed between Mr. MUR-
PHY and Mr. GREELEY.
Mr. MURPHY withdrew his amendment.
Mr. TOMPKINS '(on a pro forma amendment)
denounced the anonymous letter which had been
read in severe terms, and as furnishing no informa-
tion upon which this House could or ought to act.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Greeley, and it was rejected.
DRY DOCK AT NEW YORK.
The following item being under consideration:
For completing the stone dry dock building at New YorK,
four hundred and muety thousand dollars-—
Mr. WHITE moved to amend it by adding at
the end thereof the following: - -
And the Secretary of the Navy is hereby authorized and *
empowered to enter into contract-with suitable and compe-
tent person or persons for the gates, machinery, buildings,
culver*?, masonry, and such other parts or portions of said
dry dock as in his judgment may promote the public inter-
Mr. WHITE (in explanation) said he would
merely remark that pretty much if not all the work
of this stone dry dock watf now under contract,
with the exception of the mechanical part. He
had no doubt that a great saving would be made to
the public by having the whole work put under
contract.
Mr. VINTON desired to inquire of the gentle-
man from New Yerk [Mr. White] whether this
amendment had been recommended by the Navy
Department or by the bureaus?
Mr. WHITE (in reply) said that it had not.
He had had no communication with them upon
that subject.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was rejected.
THE MARINE CORPS
The following item being under consideration:
Foi pay of officers, non-commissioned officers, musicians,
privates, and servants, serving on shore, subsistence of
officers, and pay for undrawn clothing, two hundred and
nine thousand and twelve dollars—
Mr. KING, of Georgia, moved to amend it by
adding at the end thereof the following:
Provided, That the President of the United States may
substitute marines for lands-men in the navy, as far as he
may deem it expedient to promote the efficiency of4the ser-
vice ; and he is hereby authorized, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, to appoint a suitable number of
officers for such increase.
Mr. KING, in explanation, said that the want
of marines in the naval service of the UnitechStates
had long been felt as a great grievance. There had
not for many years been any increase of the ma-
rine corps, except for purposes of temporary em-
ployment in the recent war with Mexico. There
had been no permanent increase of it. Whilst all
the other navakservices of the great maritime pow-
ers of the world had been increasing their marine
force, that of the United States had remained ste-
tionary.
The proposition which the Committee on Naval
Affairs had directed him to submit did not coi-
template any increase in the expenses of the navy;
but, on the contrary, it would cause a diminution,
inasmuch as landsmen (as they were termed) in the
naval service received higher wages than marines.
There was on board our ships-of-war about one-
third of the crew who were landsmen, and who
received twelve dollars (he believed) a month; The
marines received about seven, (Mr. K. was under-
stood to say.) Therefore, the change which this
amendment proposed to make would promote
economy as well as efficiency in the naval service.
This was the course adopted in the British navy.
In that service they had almost entirely dispensed
with landsmen,and had substituted marines. These
marines were worked a portion of the time as
landsmen, and at the same time they were drilled
as marines, and thus rendered more efficient than
landsmen in time of war.
The authority which was proposed to be given
to the Executive to appoint the requisite number
of officers would not be the means of increasing the
expenditure very much, because no great number
would be required. He had not made any partic-
ular estimate, of the expense, 'and he could not
therefore speak with certainty; but he thought that
the reduced wages of the marines would more than
cover the increased expenses attending the appoint-
ment of such additional officers as might be re-
quired.
This proposition had been recommended by the
Secretary of the Navy. It was designed to pro-
mote the efficiency of the naval service, and at the
same time to promote its practical economy also.
Mr. McCLELLAND moved to amend the
amendment, by striking out the latter clause of the
amendment—(that was to say, all that related to
the appointment of officers.)
Mr. McC., in explanation, said that he believed
this subject had undergone^ discussion during the
last session of Congress; and that Congress had
then reduced the number of marine officers. The
object of the amendment of the gentleman was, it
seemed, to bring them back again to the point
from which they then started.
Mr. KING (interposing) said, not at all. The
