430
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1,
increase of the officers of the marine corps pro-
posed by the act of 1846, was merely a temporary-
measure, looking to the increase of the marine
corps during the continuance of the war with Mex-
ico. •
Mr. McCLELLAND. That is as I understand
it; and after a full discussion at the last session of
Congress, we determined that a reduction in the
marine corps should take place; and it has taken
place. If I am correctly informed,-the object of
the amendment is, to bring back these very men
into the service.' To be sure, the object is not ap-
parent on the face of the amendment; and perhaps
the gentleman himself does not contemplate it.
But that such is the real object to be attained by
this proposition, I have no doubt. I have some
reasons for entertaining this opinion. It is just
hke marching up the liill "one day, and down the
hill the next. We retrench one day, and on the
next we place on our statute books the very same
laws which we had repealed.
Mr. KING. The gentleman is in error.
Mr. McCLELLAND. I generally understand
pretty well the subject upon which I am talking;
1 understand this.
Mr. KING. The amendment proposes a mere
substitution of marines for landsmen.
Mr. McCLELLAND. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman one question: If this is a mere substitu-
tion, and if this substitution is necessary, why
cannot naval officers, of whom we have an abund-
ance in the service, command as well as marine
officers ?
Mr. KING. The reason is obvious. The one
is essentially a. military service, the other is a
naval service. The organization of the mHrine
corps is very similar to the organization of the
same number of men aciing in the army on shore.
Mr. McCLELLAND. We can have them as
well commanded by officers of the navy as by
marine'officers. These naval officers, I presume,
know something beyond the routine of their mere
duties on shipboard. We have them employed
in the coast surveys ; we have thena employed in
the Observatoryv we have them employed in di-
vers services, where they do not perform duties
coming strictly within the line of the duties of
naval officers. Some of the most accomplished
officers we have are men whose duties are not con-
fined to those of naval officers alone.
Mr. KING. The gentleman pays only a just
tribute to the men of whom he speaks. But as
well might we detatl a naval officer to the com-
mand of the army, or send him on shore to lead
a regiment of dragoons, as put him to command
marines. I 
Mr. McCLELLAND. That is enough. My
time is nearly up. I have but a word more to say.
It is well known to us that at the siege of Vera
Cruz one of the land batteries was commanded by
a naval officer, who discharged his responsible du-
ties as well as any officer of the army could have
discharged them. He discharged the duties of
commander on land, and yet the duties were well
dischaiged. This marine service is an anomalous
kind of service; and, in my judgment, its duties
can be discharged as well by naval officers as by
marine officers. I speak from rhe knowledge
which I possess, and which is derived from naval
officers themselves. But here on one day we make
the Postmaster General a naval officer, and on the
next we make the Secretary of the Navy the Post-
master General. And so we go on making improve-
ments as we call them, and retracing at every
subsequent session the steps we had taken at the
previous session.
Mr. KING (interposing.) And the gentleman
himself now proposes to do the very thing of
which he complains, by making «a naval officer
command a marine corps.
Mr. McCLELLAND wasabout to reply, when
the hammer fell.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. McClellantd to the amendment of Mr.
Kdjg, and it was agreed to.
The question then recurred, and was taken on
the amendment of Mr. King, as thus amended,
and it was rejected.
The following item 3V the bill being under con-
sideration, to wit:
For provisions for marines, pfrvins on shore, thirty thou-
sand six Imndied and seventy-four dollars* and Eighty cents-
Mr. BROWN, of Pennsylvania, proposed an
amendment, extending the allowance of bounty
land to the marines who served in the Mexican
war.
Mr. VINTON objected to the amendment as
out of order, because not germane to the matter of
the bill to which it was proposed to be applied.
The amendment proposed a remuneration for past
services, while the bill was for the pay of services
for the next fiscal year.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment to be
out of order.
The Clerk then proceeded with the reading by
items.
The bill having: been read through—
Mr. STANTON moved the following proviso
to the end of the bill:
Provided, TlmUhe'fir>t section of "An act making appro-
priations. tor the naval service for the year 18-12," approved
on the 4th day of Aui'tnt, 1842, so far as it resuaiii* promo-
tions in the naval service, be, and the same is hereby, ic-
pealed.
Mr. STANTON (by way of explanation) was
proceeding to read the provision of the act of 1842
now proposed to be repealed, when
Mr. POLLOCK mised a question of order
against the amendment.
But after a few words of conversation between
Mr. POLLOCK and Mr. STANTON—
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point.
Mr. STANTON proceeded. The proviso of
the act of 1842, now proposed to be repealed, was
as follows:
" Pron&ed, That till otherwise ordered by Congress, the
officers of the navy shall not ho increased beyond the num-
ber in the respective giades. that were in tiie service on the
fii*t day of January, eighteen humhed and fort}-two, nor
e-hall th#*re be any tuither (appointment of muMnpmeii until
the number m the service he reduced to the number that
were in service on the first day ol Januaiy, eighteen
hundred and forty-one, bejond which they shall not be in-
creased until the fuithei order of Congress."
He said that the attention of the Naval Commit-
tee had heen called to this subject by the Secretary
of the Navy, in a communication to the chairman
of the committee, which he would read, because it
would show that the amendment he had offered
was authorized by the recommendation of the Sec-
retary. Mr. S. read the letter cf the Secretary.
The proposition was simply to carry out the
opinion of the Secretary, as expressed in the letter,
and give to the Executive the power of making
those promotions, with the advice and consent of
the Senate of the United States. Such a proviso
as that of the act of 1842 (proposed now to be
repealed) had no existence with reference to the
arm y. It was wholly an unusual, and was now
proved to be an unnecessary restriction, upon the
constitutional mode of appointment. If Congress
had confidence in the Executive, the interests of
the service would be promoted by enabling him to
give to it such officers as it might require. It was
well known that the number of the present officers
of the higher grades in the navy were entirely in-
sufficient, and for that reason it was now proposed
to give to the President the power of making the
necessary promotions—the same power which the
President already possessed with reference to the
army.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, inquired whether
there was any limit to this power of appointment?
Mr. STANTON replied, that it proposed the
same limit and extent which was recognized by
the law for the appointment of officers lor the
army.
Mr. S. having concluded—
Mr. KING, of Georgia, desired to say one word
upon the subject.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the time allotted
to the gentleman from Tennessee was not out, and
the gentleman could proceed.
Mr. KING then proceeded to say, that the re-
striction now proposed to be repealed was made
about seven years ago; and that, since that time,
notwithstanding the war with Mexico,-and the
extent to which the naval officers had suffered from
sickness, there had been no promotions in the
navy, .except in cases of death and resignation;
while in the army promotions had been made very
liberally, as well to meet the exigencies of the ser-
vice as for the reward of gallant deeds. The re-
straining proviso of 1842 had had tins effect upon
the naval service: it had prevented the promotion
of officers at that period of life when they were the
most capable of receiving instruction in the higher
walks of their profession.
Here the five minutes expired.
Mr. GREELEY proposed to amend the amend-
ment, by substituting the same amendment which
he offered yesterday and withdrew upon a mistaken
assurance by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mn
King,] which he read as follows:
Prodded, That no officer of the navv shall henceforth he
promoted or appointed to a higher eiade., «o as to lie entitled
to the pay and allowance* thereof, while there are already
officers of that higher giade unemployed or waning orders'
On proposing this amendment, he desired to
state a few facts. We had now an enormous
number of the higher grades 0f officers of the navy
who were entirely without employment. "Where
then, could be the demand for lieutenants? 9
Mr. KING, of Geortjm, interposed, and called
for the reading of the amendment
And it was then lead by the Clerk.
Mr. GREELEY contended that while there
were as many as fifteen, twenty, or thirty of the
senior officers of the navy and post captains stand- -
ing still, doing nothing, there should not .be any
promotions made to those higher grades: and that
was the purport of his amendment.
Mr. STANTON interrupted to inquire whether
the effect of the amendment of the gentleman from
New York would not be to require all the officers
of the navy to be all the time at sea?
* Mr. GREELEY. No, sir. Whenever there
was a demand for more officers, promotions would
be made.
Mr. STANTON. So long as a single officer
remained on shore, there could not !$e a single pro-
motion made.
Mr. GREELEY, (continuing.) Not while he
remained doing nothing; and he considered that no
more than just and fair. A lar^e number of the
senior captains were now doing nothing but receiv-
ing their pay, which was forty-five hundred dollars
a year when in service, and thirty-five hundred
dolUrsa year when out of service; and he went into
a statement of figures to show what large amount^
of compensation were received by officers of the
navy who, from some cause or other, were entirely
without anything to do. He concluded his state-
ment, by saying that his amendment would have
a tendency to diminish the number of this higher
grade of officers of the navy who were nothing but
an expense to the Government. His amendment
was exactly the opposite to that of the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton]—the latter pro-
posing to increase the number of officers. He
trusted that the committee would give to.his amend-
ment their favorable consideration, and that it
would be adopted.
The CHAIRMAN now stated the question on
Mr. Greeley's amendment.
And the question being- taken' by tellers, (Mr.,
Peck and Mr. Toombs,) the count was reported-
affirmative 56, negative 77.
So the amendment to the amendment was nega-
tived.
Mr. KAUFMAN offeied an amendment, (pro,
forma,) to enable him to express his opposition to
the amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee.
The naval bill now upon the table contained an
appropriation of nine and a half millions of dol-
lars; and yet it was proposed to increase that im-
mense expenditure by authorizing an increase of
the number of naval officers to an unlimited extent,
It was not merely a proposition to increase the
number of midshipmen by four hundred, but to
repeal the proviso of 1842, which would be to leave
the matter of appointments without restriction.
Mr. STANTON interrupted to correct the gen-
tleman. Should the amendment prevail, there
would remain the same restrictions as now ob-
tained with regard to the army, jvhich certainly
did not admit of appointments to an unlimited
extent. The amendment did not increase the num-
ber of midshipmen.
Mr. KAUFMAN called for the reading of the
amendment.
And it having been read by the Clerk—
Mr. K. proceeded to affirm that the amendment
went further than the recommendation of the Sec-
retary of the Navy; and he could show, from the
language of the Secretary's letter to the chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs, that "the
measure" was represented as being merely " of
great importance to themselves, (the passed mid-
shipmen,) and, in their judgment, to the public
service."
Mr. STANTON interrupted to reaffirm that the
amendment went no further than the recommend-
ation of the Secretary.
