482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 2.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 2, 1849.
Mr. Mangum appeared in his seat this day.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a message from the President of the United States,
transmitting communications from the Secretaries
of State, the Treasury, War, and Navy, in reply
to a resolution of the Senate calling for informa-
tion relative to the use made by the Government
of the patent of John B. Emerson; which was
referred to the Committee on Patents.
• The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a report from- the Secretary of War, showing the
sums of money advanced to the delegates of the
Old Settlers, or Western Cherokees, immediately
after the treaty of 1846; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.,
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Secretary of War, in
relation to the claims of Captain George E. Mc-
Clelland's company of Florida volunteers for mil-
itary services in the year 1840.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Treasury Department,
made in compliance with a resolution of the 7th
December, in relation to the expediency of estab-
lishing a transfer office in the city of New York;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
RESOLUTIONS OF MICHIGAN.
Mr. FITZGERALD presented joint resolutions
of the Legislature of Michigan against the intro-
duction of slavery into the new Territories; which
was re#a, ordered to be printed, and laid on the
table.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. DIX presented a petition from citizens of
South Oyster Day, in New Yorit, praying for the
reduction of the rates of postage to two cents;
which was laid on the table.
PENNSYLVANIA AND THE TARIFF.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I have a num-
ber of petitions from citizens of Pennsylvania in
reference to the tariff, all of which represent the
distress which exists in Pennsylvania, in the mi-
ning and manufacturing districts. Those distresses
I know myself to exist, and I am exceedingly
desirous that some early measure of relief should
be adopted.
On this subject I have received a variety of let-
ters from gentlemen residing in my State. One
gentleman writes to me that he is surprised that
the present Senate has not already done something
for the relief of this distress. Another gentleman
writes to me and charges me with not having pre-
sented a sufficient number of petitions; and another
"fears that I have not exerted myself sufficiently
to procure the desired relief." To these and all
other gentlemen who have written to me on this
subject, I beg to say that all bills which contem-
plate a change of the revenue laws must, by the
Constitution, originate in the House of Represent-
atives; and that the moment a bill comes here
which shall give us the much needed relief', or that
shall only partially relieve our manufacturers and
miners, it shall have my cordial and active support.
On the necessity of protection to the great interests
of Pennsylvania my mind has undergone no change.
The development, of our manufactures and our
mines, with t.he market their products have fur-
nished to our farmers, has given our great State
the high position-it holds in the Union. They
have filled our mountains and our valleys with an
industrious and happy people, and they will,jf
properly encouraged, every year add to our wealth
and our happiness. We were told last fall that
when the election was over, if the Whig party
should succeed, a change would take place, and
we should get back the tariff of 1842. Well, there
is a majority in the other House—where a tariff
billonlycanoriginate—oftbatparty; and, although
the session has two of the three months allotted to
it already consumed, no bill has come here which
Jiints at a change in the system. 1 desire to make
no charges of neglect, but to say that I shall be
most happy to cooperate with them in modifying
the tariff of 184G as soon as they give me the op-
portunity. I shall go with them as far as any gen-
tleman here to giveproper protection to all the great
interests of the country, but I cannot do so until a
bill cornea from the House &f Representatives.
Mr: CAMERON then presented 132 petitions of
citizens of Philadelphia county, 9 froTn Schuylkill.
6 from Luzerne, 5 from Montgomery, 5 from Cla-
rion, 6 from Lehigh, 1 from Columbia, 1 from
Blair, and 1 from Lycoming counties, in the State
of Pennsylvania, asking such an increase of the
tariff as will afford protection to the domestic in-
dustry of the country; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition from a num-
ber of ship-owners of Machias, in the State of
Maine, praying the erection of a fog-bell at Leb-
by's Island; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. CORWIN presented a petition from citi-
zens of Mercer county, Pennsylvania, praying for
a restoration of the tariff of 1842; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BUTLER presented the petition of Wil-
liam B. Page, asking compensation for services in
the Treasurer's office; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. CAMERON presented a memorial from
merchants and officers of insurance companies in
Philadelphia, asking for an enlargement of the
bounds of the navy-yard; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BENTON presented a memorial of Thomas
H. Holt and the officers of a regiment of Missouri
volunteers, asking to be allowed extra pay for their
services; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. BENTON presented a petition from a com-
pany of the same regiment, to the same effect;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. BREESE presented a petition from citizens
of Franklin county, Illinois, asking a reduction of
postage on newspapers; which was laid on the
table.
Mr. BORLAND moved that Adam D. Steuart
have leave to withdraw his petition praying the
reimbursement of a sum of money paid by him for
the recovery of money stolen, and that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. RUSK, the papers in the case
of the members of the bar at Galveston, praying
for an increase in the salary of the judge, were
ordered to be withdrawn from the files of the Sen-
ate.
EXTRA COMPENSATION TO A POSTMASTER.
Mr. HAMLIN moved to reconsider the vote of
yesterday on ordering the bill for the relief of Wil-
liam De Buys to a third reading. He had voted
against ordering the bill to its third reading, and
saw no reason to change his opinion, but he made
the motion to reconsider at the request of, and as
a matter of courtesy to, the Senator from Louisi-
ana.
The further consideration of the motion was then
postponed until to-morrow.
PRINTING FOR CONGRESS.
Mr. CAMER.ON rose to ask some gentleman,
who was present yesterday and voted in favor of
the joint resolution relating to the contracts for the
printing of Congress, to move the reconsideration
of the vote by which it passed. He was absent
at the time the vote was taken in consequence of
indisposition, and he desired the reconsideration
with a view to the reading of a communication
from the public printers, and of submitting some
remarks upon the subject of the contract system.
Mr. HAMLIN moved the reconsideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution has
been sent to the House of Representatives. It will
be in order to move that the Secretary be directed
to request the return of the resolution to the Sen-
ate.
Mr. CAMERON. There have been some de-
fects in the present contract for printing, but they
are not so great as some gentlemen appear to im-
agine. At the commencement of the system, when
these parties had not completed their arrangements
necessary to the execution of the duty devolved
upon them, the printing of the first document was
executed in a defective manner. When gentlemen
talk about the inferiority of the paper furnished
by these parties, they do not look at the terms of
the contract to see whether they have not been
complied with, but at the style of printing as ex-
hibited in the various books sent here from New
York and Philadelphia by the best publishers in
the eountry. These gentlemen furnish an article
of the same quality as the sample given them in the
contract. They have done more printing, too, than
has been done for the Government in the same
period of time since the Government first had its
existence. The printing has also been executed at
a much cheaper rate than that at which it was for-
merly furnished. The printing done by these par-
ties at the last session of Congress was paid for
by a sum not exceeding one hundred and one
thousand dollars. Taking the prices paid to Ritchie
& Heiss formerly for the same work, the cost of
the same printing would have amounted to three
hundred and seven thousand dollars, making a
difference of two hundred and six thousand dollars
saved to the Government in the printing of last
session. There has been great saving in this sys-
tem; and the object of this resolution now is to
change the system. There are combinations of
individuals around this town who would like welt
to obtain the printing of the Government at in-
creased rates. When this system commenced I
opposed it, considering that the gentlemen of the
party press should have our printing.
Mr. PEARCE. Does the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania charge upon me that my object in offer-
ing this resolution was to restore the system estab-
lished by the resolution of 1819?
Mr. CAMERON. I did not wish to be so un-
derstood.
Mr. PEARCE. I understood the Senator as
alleging that the object of the resolution I offered
to the Senate was, to restore the old condition of
things, and give the contract for printing either to
Gales & Seaton or Ritchie & Heiss, so that they
might make a large sum of money from it.
Mr. CAMERON. I desired to be understood
in the remark to which the Senator from Mary-
land alludes, as stating that the ef'ct of the reso-
lution would be such as to cause a change in the
law relating to this contract.
Mr. PEARCE. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, to my apprehension, s^id distinctly it was
the object. My object, sir, in offering that resolu-
tion was to enable Congress to make some fur-
ther provision for the more effectual performance
of the duties arising under the contract. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania has no right to say
that I had any other object.
Mr. CAMERON. 1 have charged the gentle-
man from Maryland with no object unworthy of a
gentleman; but that the effect of this resolution
would be to change the system of printing wholly.
As I have stated, I have no doubt there are per-
sons about this House who have been and now are
trying to get this system done away with; and i
know that since the commencement of this print-
ing, efforts have been made to destroy the contract
system, and restore the printing to the old system
of rewards to the press of the party now coming
into power. I know nothing in particular of these
gentlemen who have this contract; all I am anxious
about is, that the system now under their super-
vision shall have a fair trial, and that the money
of the Government shall not be squandered. An
objection made to this system is, that the paper
furnished is of inferior quality; it is the character of
paper, however, demanded in the contract. That
abjection to the present system has been obviated.
The appropriate officers under whose charge the
proposals for printing are issued have made the
terms in reference to the'quality of paper "anistylc
of printing so precise and accurate, that none read-
ing can fail to understand what is expected to be
furnished in the future contracts. My object in
making these remarks was mainly to get the reso-
lution back, so that it may be discussed here upon
its merits
Mr. PEARCE. The object of tlie resolution
I offered, it will be remembered, was merely to
postpone the period when these contracts should
be made. I stated yesterday, and fairly, that there
were some gentlemen who thought that the sys-
tem should be rescinded altogether, and that others
thought it should.be modified; and that puch an
arrangement should be effected, if possible, as that
Congress might have the control of its own print-
ing, which we do not have now. Because, if the
printers do not choose to furnish U3 with docu-
ments within a reasonable time, we cannot help
ourselves—we cannot take the contract from -them
—at least, the Printing Committee have no author-
ity, I presume, to order the printing to be done
elsewhere, if there are any defects in the work
issuing from the regular printing establishment.
