THE .OiNCIiCSSlONAI, GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY'OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RlVES.
30th Congress, 2d.Session.
TUESDAY,' FEBRUARY 6, 1849.
New. Series.... ;No.'£
A number of gentlemen who are in favor of this
proposition of mine desire to see a change made in
the con,tract, so that we may have bur work done
faithfully and at the proper time. That was the
eole object of my offering the resolution yesterday.
The whole effect of that resolution will be to post-
pone the time of making the contract. There
must be further action by both House and Senate
in* order to effect a change in the present system.
It will be time enoughJhen for gentlemen to bring
forward their charges of hostility to the present
system. I seeso good reason why this resolution
should be returned to us from the House.
Mr. CAMERON. If the gentleman from Ma-
ryland had been governed by the courtesy which
usually characterizes him, he would haVe postponed
the bringing forward of his resolution until the
chairman of the Committee on Punting was in his
seat. That gentleman was ill, and had left his
seat, and there was no sudden necessity for passing
this resolution with such hot haste in his absence.
Nor is the Senator correct, when he state3 that the
printing under this system has been longer in the
progress of its execution than it was formerly.
The printing of last, session is all completed ;fand
the reason why the documents accompanying the
President's message-have not been presented here
is, because the engravings which are to be inserted
therein are not ready. The printer has na control
over the engraving, and although the documents
have been printed, they cannot be furnished because
of this want. When this resolution comes back, I
shall he entirely willing to fix some day when the
subject can come up for consideration. , An early
day should fee fixed, because, if postponed until the
close of the session, it will come up at a time when
every one will be occupied with receiving their
good friends from all quarters of the country. I
hope the resolution will be brought back.
Mr. KING. • Mr. President, I have an inquiry j
to make of the Senator from Pennsylvania, if he j
will give me his attention for a moment. I under- |
stand that the contract is to be entered into to- !
morrow. What I wish to ask is, will there, if
we now call back this resolution, be time enough
to return it to the House of Representatives, so
that they may act upon it in season to carry out
the object of the Senator from Maryland ?
Mr. CAMERON was understood to reply in the
affirmative.
Mr. KING. I have but one more remark to
make. I would not be willing to lend my.aid to
defeat the object of the Senator from Maryland.
It is a subject which ought to be examined into,
and the time should be postponed, so as to give an.
opportunity for that examination. That is all.
Now, if the motion of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania will have the effect of defeating that object,
and causing the contract to be made before the
action of Congress can he had in relation to it, I
shall oppose his motion. If it will not have that
effect, I will vote for it.
Mr. BORLAND was understood to repeat the
inquiry propounded by Mr. King.
Mr. CAMERON was understood to say that
there would be plenty of time to act upon the reso-
lution if now recalled. Its consideration would
consume but a very little time.
Mr. DIX.i It will not take five minutes to dis-
pose of the resolution.
Mr. CAMERON called for the yeas and nays;
but, at the request of several Senators, withdrew
the call. • „
Mr. HALE renewed the call for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.-
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Benton, Bor-
land, Bradlmry, Breese, Bright, Butler, Cameron, Clarke,
Davis of Mississippi, Dickinson, Dix, Dodge of Iowa, Doug-
las, F"lch. Fitzpatrieii, Poote, Hale, Hamlin, Houston,
Hunter, Johnson of Georgia, Jones, King, Niles, Sturgeon,
Turnev, Walker, and Westcott—31.
NAi'S—-Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Barrien.Clayton,
Corwin, Davis of Massachusetts, Dayton,Fitzgerald, Greene,
Johnson of Louisiana, Mangum, Mason, Metcalfe, Miller,
Pearce, Phelps, Spruance, Underwood, and Upham 20.
A message was accordingly sent to the House,
and the joint resolution was returned to the Sen-
ate.
28
PRINTING OF THE PENSION LAWS.
Mr. BRIGHT submitted the following resolu-
tion: - " \
Resolved, That there be printed for the U3e of the SfWte
five thousand copies of the pension laws now in force. =
Mr. B. asked for the consideration of the *res^y
lution at this time. - *
Mr. KING. I ask if the resolution is absolute
tHfet such number be primed ? I should like to
hear some reason given for printing so large a
number.
Mr. BRIGHT. With the permission of the
Senator I will explain. The document which I
propose to print is one which contains the pension
laws now in force, for which I find there is a great
demand, as will be seen from the fact that every
Senator doubtless gets letters for copies of thern.
The edition is exhausted, and it is important that
we should have a new one to meet the demands
made upon us.
Mr. CAMERON. I would suggest that there
are two sets of these laws, and would inquire if
the honorable Senator from Indiana intends to in-
clude the whole?
Mr. BRIGHT. I beg leave to say to the hon-
orable Senator that it embraces the entire pension
Idws now in force, with which it is necessary that
we should be supplied. I beg leave also to state
that I offer the resolution on the suggestion of the
Commissioner of Pensions, who informs me that
the entire edition in his office is exhausted.
Mr. JOHNSON,'of Louisiana. Mr. President,
I beg to remark, that each Senator has received
but one copy of this work, and I concur with the
Senator from Indiana in saying that it is import-
ant that it should be reprinted. It is a work which
is very much in demand, and it is difficult to pro-
cure even a single copy. During the last session
I was instructed by the Committee on Pensions to
introduce a resolution into thfs body for the print-
ing of an additional number of these laws for the
use of the Senate, but in consequence of the
amount of business then before the Senate that
resolution was not acted upon. I hope the Senate
will now adopt the resolution of the gentleman
from Indiana, and thereby order this book to be
printed. It contains all the l^vs and forms of ap-
plication for pensions, and therefore its publication
will give much information to those people who
have claims for pensions on this Government. I
would' suggest, however, to the honorable Senator
from Indiana, that there were several layvs passed
at the last session which I think it important to in-
corporate with those which the book now contains.
Mr. BRIGHT. They are included in the reso-
lution, which distinctly specifies " the laws now
in force."
Mr. YULES. The printing of this book will
be costly, and yet of no value, as I apprehend. It
contains all the faws that have been passed on the
subject of pensions since" the origin of the Govern-
ment, of which nearly all are obsolete. Why,
then, should we publish a book which will be of
no value to the people ? It would be a republication
of a book which it will be vexatious to distribute,
and a trouble to the people to understand. If you
want to give information to the people, give them
the sheet which contains the forms of application
for pensions, and not a compilation of obsolete
laws. If we publish the sheet containing the forms
of application, we shall render a greater service
than by publishing this book. We may, to be
sure, publish some three or four laws relating to
naval and military pensions, and the bounties and
pensions to volunteers who served in the Mexican
war, and these comprehend all that are wanted.
Mr. JOHNSON-, of Louisiana. Mr. President,
I think the honorable Senator from Florida is mis-
taken in saying that the book contains all the laws
passed since the origin of the Government. It does
not contain half of them. It docs not contain
many of the laws passed at the last session. We
had occasion yesterday to refer to two laws which
are not included in this compilation. We llave
every day occasion to refer to some of these laws,
and the .only laws which we wish to have printed
are those which are now in use.
r. BRIGHT. Mr. President, I am quite sure
t|fat the honorable Senator from' Florida does:not
nderstand the object of this resolution. I offered
t, as I have already stated, at the suggestion of
the Commissioner of Pensions, who informs me
that the number of copies supplied to his office
have been exhausted, and it therefore becomes
necessary that, this, pamphlet should be reprinted.-
The Senator from Florida speaks of it as a docu-
ment which will cost a great deal of money. On
this subject, too', I think the Senator is mistaken;
for the cost, I believe, will not exceed four cents a
piece. If, however, five thousand will be too large
a number, I have no objection to its reduction.
But, as this resolution seems to be consuming the
time which should be devoted to other legitimate
business, I have no objection that it should lie over
until to-morrow. -
Air. RUSK. I hope not. These books are
wanted all over the country. We have all nu-
merous applications for them, and this publication
will save us much trouble in letter-writing. _ It is
calculated to be of great service, nay, it is indis-
pensable to that ciaS3 of our citizens to whom we
are indebted for valuable services, and to whom,
of all others, we should do justice.
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. President, if it is the
pleasure of the Senate to consider the resolution.
at this time, I will further remark that every State
that has furnished men in the late war is more or
less interested in the adoption of this resolution,
because every soldier that has fallen 'has friends
who are interested in knowing what the law is in
relation to the forms of application required, that
they may derive the benefit of those services to
which they are entitled. They can get the neces-
sary information' only from these laws, which
many new States havg not in their libraries, and
there is no way of printing them so cheap, and
sending them to those who apply for them, as that
which is now proposed.
Mr..DIX. I am generally not much in favor of
punting documents, but am decidedly in favor of
this resolution. It provides for the printing of the
pension laws now in force, and those only. I wijl
merely say that I have constant"applications for
these laws, with which I have not been able to
supply myself. If this resolution should be
adopted, according to the rale of distribution, we
shall receive but eighty copies each, which we can
very readily dispose of; for that numb'es will not
be more than sufficient to supply the pressing de-
mand. I hope the Senate will adopt the resolu-
tion; ahd as we are ready to vote for it, I hope it
will not be postponed till to-morrow.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. Mr. President,
everybody knows that the statutes of the United
States are. numerous, and are not very generally
diffused through the community. There are many
professional gentlemen who have but little business
in connection with these subjects, who are not^
able to possess themselves of the statutes of the"
United States. Well, here are laws which provide
for pensioners of the different classes who are "en-
titled to the benefit of these acts, and it is extremely
convenient to have these laws in the neighborhood
where these people reside, that they may have the
benefit of them—where they can apply to a ma-
j gistrate for assistance or forms of application when
I they want the aid of these laws. It has been cus-
I tomary to print them, and I think it a most useful
i document. The SenjUe can scarcely do a greater
! service than by spreaamg through the country an
! additional number of these laws. While I am
i up, I will make another suggestion to the Senator
1 who has made this motion. There are certain
! laws, which are not usually incorporated in this
I volume, relating to land scrip and bounty lands
j granted to soldiers in the late war with Mexico,
' for which I am constantly written to; and which I
j hope 'the Senator from Indiana will consent to
j have incorporated with these pens.on laws, that
they may all go out to the people together.
' Mr. BRIGHT. If the honorable Senator frora
I Massachusetts offers that as an amendment I will
I accept it.
