434
THE;Cdf ©EESSIO'MAL' fflM
Feb. 2,
-- -Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. If the Chair
wilt add the amendment, it will express what I
wish. -
' Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I desire to offer
an amendment to the resolution as originally in-
troduced. .
Mr. YULEE. Mr. President, I suggest that
amendments are not in order at this time.
PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolution is
now before the Senate for consideration.
Mr. YULEE. It is not with my consent.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am- not quite certain of the
necessity of these laws. If, however, they are
published, they should embrace the forms adopted
by the department in connection with these laws.
They will, it is true, relieve us from the responsi-
bility and duty of getting information from the
Pension Office; but, in order to maj?e it perfect,
the laws which have received the construction of
the department should- accompany the forms.
When the proper time arrives, :I shall offer an
amendment to accomplish that object. . .
" Mr. "WESTCOTT. Mr. President, I am in
favor of printing this book, for. a reason of my
own, and that no,other Senator has adverted to as
influencing him. I want it published, and with it
a full statement of the pensions granted and annu-
ally paid out of the people's money. If I am not
mistaken, it would shock them. We are fast fall-
ing into the practices of the Governments of Eu-
rope, and getting a list of pensioners very much
like that of Great Britain. Pretty nearly every,
man who ever has been in a battle, or in sight of
one, and many who have never been ill one, nor
in sight of"one,and their kin to the third and fourth
generation, some who have the argument of indi- ,
gence in their favor, and some who have not, apply, '■
either under these laws or to Congress, for pen- j
sions. We pay now, under special laws and under ,
the general laws giving army, navy, private, rev- |
olutionary and invalid pensions, and gratuities of
different kinds on different pretences of-ail sorts,
and expenses of different kinds incident thereto,
millions of dollars annually for them. For the last
twenty years we have paia„out an enormous sum,
and its annual amount will increase. I accord to
the Commissioner of Pensions fidelity and ability;
he is an excellent officer; but the fault is here, in
our legislation, and X hope the book will be pub-
lished, and the people fuliy awakened to this sub-
ject, and command reforms in relation to it. Pen-
sions are asked for by petitioners here when
refused by the pension Office, and the grounds on j
which they are asked, nine times out of ten, are I
.the most trifling patches of pretences. I am satis- j
fied, in the cases where they are allowed, nine out
of ten should be rejected; and the really meritori- j
ous cases are now as likely to be rejected as any
others. The whole system is uncongenial to and [
inconsistent with the principles of the Government. ,;
The whole system is, in my judgment, the most— j!
[a Senator, " corrupt"]—no; 1 will not use that
wo I'd—[another Senator, " flagitious"]—not that j]
either, but I will say injudicious; a system that i|
encourages false pretences; and 1 think if the peo- ji
pie see it ex>poseu, they will have it abrogated, or 'l
at least reformed. Hence 1, am in favor of the '!
printing and circulating of this book. jl
Mr. KING. I do jiot intend to throw any ob- <;
stacle in the way of printing all the information ii
which may be useful, and which may enable them i;
to prosecute successfully any claims to pensions h
which they may have against the United States. I;
It seems to me, however, that this pamphlet con- !;
tains a great deal more than it is necessary to print, I;
or than will be useful to the country—rertainly
not useful to those who have pensions to prose- jj
cute—and 1 would propose that such disposition j
may be made of this resolution that a selection of ]!
such laws only may be pfinted as will be useful, ii
There may be a selection of such laws as relate to ii
naval pensions and to bounty lands, which have ]'
been adverted to hy the Senator from Maasachu- |
fsetts. If such a selection be made, and such only j'
printed as sre absolutely necessaiy, we shall then
have a useful document, but if we print all these I'
laws we shall only'burden the. mails with that j'
winch will not be beneficial to any one. i am j
aware that, to some extent, the remarks of the Sen-
&tor from £lorid& [^Mr. ^Vf.stcott] are correct.
There has been a very loose mode of conducting
this business of granting pensions. Members of
Congress have exerted themselves to get pensions
through—and it is to be regretted that ft i  ao—but
it is in the nature of things, and cannot be .entirely
avoided. I will not now detain the Senate with
farther remarks, for there is an indisposition to
hear, s*o anxious are Senators to publish books.
But I hope the resolution will be referred to a com-
mittee, that a selection may be made of the laws
under' which pensions are granted*
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, I will ask the
Senator from Alabama if he will not permit the
Commissioner of Pensions to make up this book
out of such materials as-are in his possession." He
will do it better than any committee".
Mr. KING. I am satisfied any way, so that the
selection be made.
Mr. DAVIS. The Commissioner of Pensions
is thoroughly acquainted with all these laws* and
knows what is necessary and what is not.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana. I think we need
all 'the laws which the book contains, and the
forms likewise. We need also the opinions of the
Attorney General as to the construction of these
laws, to which Senators have alluded. They have
been selected by the Commissioner of Pensions,
and I think it is important to retain them. I think
there is no.t a single page which it is not necessary
to retain.
Mr. BRIGHT. I prefer that it should go to
the. Committee on Pensions,-and they will confer
with the Commissioner,«and, together, they will
conrpile the laws and report them to us.
Mr. YULEE. I object to its being referred at
all; but if it is referred, after the committee shall
have reported, I shall object to the printing. I ask
Senators to give me their attention for a moment.
The book which it is proposed to publish con-
tains 382 pages, and the amendments of the Sen-
ators from Massachusetts and from Maine [Mr.
Davis and Mr. Hamlin] will add about as many
more, making a book of probably 400 pages to be
distributed—and. containing what? Let me read
the captions of some of these Taws.
[The honorable Senator read the titles to several
laws of the date of 1790 and 1792, granting pen-
sions to invalids,"and then proceeded:]
Now, Mr. President, what can we possibly want
to distribute such laws amongst the people for? And
what is the demand that seems to instigate gentle-
men to urge the publication of them now? It is
the forms of application which are interesting and
useful to th$ volunteers who served the country in
Mexico that we should publish, and such forms
alone. What do they want? They want their
pensions, and, to aid them in obtaining them, they
need nothing but% copy of these forms, which
will enable them to apply for the pensions "to
which they are entitled under the laws which you
have passed. Now, the Commissioner rof Pen-
sions has printed, on a single sheet, all the neces-
sary fprms, which he furnishes on demand. And
what more do we want? Is it not evident that
another book is to be made—another book to be
added to those which we now have to distribute,
and which I cannot find time to dispose of—and
another job to be made for the printers, which will
take £10,000 or more out of our contingent fund?
Now, with all due deference to.my friend from
Indiana, [Mr. Bright,] he must permit me to say
that I think he knows bur little of this matter.
Nay, I may say that I am sure he knows nothing
of the printing of books, when he urges the pub-
lication of such a work, which I warrant will cost
little short of $10,000, if it does not exceed $20,000,4
for the five thousand copies. As 1 can see no
necessity for such a publication as this, I cannot
consent to vote for the printing, and therefore 1,
shall oppose its reference.
Mr. DICKINSON. I am glad to see the oppo-
sition to the printing of this book; for it is'evident
that we should not go into competition with pub- j
lishing houses in the printing of books and,maps.
V^e have already exhausted our contingent fund
by publishing worthless maps and books, under
pretence that they will be wanted by the country.
But do not Senators know that if we publish any-
thing for distribution under our franks, it will be
sought for and received ? If it is necessary to give
information to those who have suffered in the ser-
vice of the country, let us furnish them with that
only which is necessary; and hence 1 am in favor
of referring this subject to the Committee on Pen-
sions, that they may confer with the Commissioner
of Pensions, and thus ascertain what is most neces-
sary for those who are interested to know. I am
opposed to this i?<&ols-mftking policy, aa I have
Been heretofore; though" I am not opposed to fur-
nishing necessary information to that.class of per-
sons who have broken.down in the public ser-
vice, and need information which they cannot get
through' the ordinary channels.
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 am unwilling that the remarks
of the Senator from Florida [Mr. Yulee] shovuld
go unanswered. He says that I do not know any-
thing-about printing. It is true7 sir, that I am not
a practical printer, nor do I pretend to know much
&bout it; and, aa a genera! rule, I have been op*
posed to.printing vast numbers of maps and explo-
rations since I have had a seat here* As a general
rule", I think it is a waste of the public' money; but
this is a peculiar case, and I understood what I
was about when I offered the resolution. - It is
true that the laws which the Senator read are some-
what ancient; but the subject of pensions grew
out of the^var of the Revolution?*and the war of
1812 and the late war, with the war of the Revo-
lution, identify themselves together. It is all part
of one and the same system; and to make it per-
fect, these laws* should all be printed together. If
the committee to which this resolution may be re-
ferred believe that the early legislation is unneces-
sary, they will exclude k, of course. On the
contrary, if they believe it useful, they will prinfc
it. But suppose the book should be swelled to the
size stated by the Senator from Florida, [Mr. Yu-
lee,] what would be the cost of one thousand
copies? Will the chairman of the Committee on
Printing give me the information? ■ -
Mr. CAMERON. I'should think it would cost
about twenty cents a copy.
Mr. BRIGHT. Well, at twenty cents a copy,
it will fall far below the sum of ten thousand dol-
lars; and hence I think the Senator from Florida
is talking about that of which he knows nothing.
Mr, YULEE. I know that the book for the
| Patent Office cost from sixty thousand to seventy
| thousand dollars; and, judging from the compara-
! tive size of this work, I gave my estimate of its
j cost.
! Mr. BRIGHT. I repeat, that as a general rule,
! I have voted against printing large quantities of
1 public documents, and I am glad to see that the
Senator from Florida objects, and that we are to
have a different rule set. As a general rule, I
reiterate, it is a waste of the contingent fund, but
in this particular instance I believe it will be a
faithful application of this fund. I am willing to
pay $10,000 for the purpose of putting such a docu-
ment into the hands of those who need itratid those
who have rights resulting under these laws. I hope
it will go to the Committee on Pensions, and that
they will condense them as far as possible, and that
we shall then print the laws on this subject.
Mr. JOHNSON. One single word. Sir, we
have special acts here almost every day on cases
as they arise, and it may be necessary to publish
these as well as the other laws.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to say that the Sen-
I ator from Florida, in making his calculations for
I printing, has gone back to the old law. The Patent
! Office Repoit which was ordered to be printed at
I the last session cost but 25 cents a"copy; but yes-
; terday I perceiv.e a resolution was passed here to
! changc our present system, perhaps that we may
I return to the old system*
I But, sir, I rose merely to say that this is a val~
! uable document, which is needed.all over the coun-
j try.. There is scarcely a county in which there is
j not a person interested in these laws. I have com-
j munications by almost every mail relating to this
! subject; and I hope it will be refened to the Com-
j'mittee on Pensions, which, with the aid of the
j Commissioner of Pensions, will digest these laws,-
| and that without any further discussion we shall
I have them printed.
j Mr. BRADBURY. I should n$t have made a
\ single remark but for the remarks of others. The-
! honor-able Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Johnson]
i says he sees nothing in this book which should
j not be published. Now, I find that the laws are
in the first thirty-eight pages, and'that from sixty
to one hundred pages are occupied with the opin-
ions of the Attorney General; but I apprehend
that what the country wants is-the laws, rcgula-*
tions, and forms;'and we do not need the reasons
upon which the regulations were founded and the
Constructions given; but we do need the construc-
tion given to the laws and regulations which have
been adopted. I hope, therefore, that instead of a
book of thr©« or fomr hundred pages, the eos&mlfe-
