1849.
.THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
'485
tee willnorrtent themselves with a book embracing
4hc laws, regulations, anil forms, which can be
printed in a book of little more thai? one hundred
pases.
The resolution was then referred to the Commit-
tee Oil Pensions.
RESOLUTION.
Mr. MASON submitted the following resolution,
which vfas referred lo -tire Committee on Military
Affairs :
:oUyc>l, That the Secretary of War be, and is tiere'ny,
authorized, af his dwretion, ami having due regard to the
necessities of the public service, to luimsh to Mi"h p(>r>on<5
as in ay apply fot the sarin-, and who to oajbrrsi? to
the Territories either of Oregon, Cahforiti;i, or New .vjfx-
teo,such arms and ammunition from the army <-tor«>£- as they
may rconire to arm them-Hv<?« for siu-h expedition. Pro-
vided. That the arm-< and ammunition so furni^iujd *ha!l 11M
'exceed a -i^pph" sufficient to arrr, and ei$tu|  each ^roisor. of
such expedition JJnd provided farther, Thai hefm p I he ^arne
delivered, the actual co*t to tin1 Govr-nmi<-,nt of su^U
arm? and ammunition shall first be paid to the United States,
and that the ri^cret.in of War shall h<; r-ati-ficd that tin per-
sons -o applying really and bona fide (laugn them for the use
aforesaid.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, reported a bill to regulate the
nensions of ofikers and soldiers who may have
l>een, or may be hereafter, disabled v, hile in the
service of the United States; which was read, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Claims,
reported House lull for the relief of Manuel X.
Hartnanv, without amendment.
Mr. FITZPATRICK, from the Committee on
Claims, reported B!ouse bill for the relief of Isaac
Shepherd, without amendment.
VIRGINIA REVOLUTIONARY CLAIMS.
On motion of Mr. UNDERWOOD, the pievious
orders were postponed, and the Senate proceeded
to consider the bill to provide for the unpaid claims
of the officers and soldiers of the Virginia State
and Continental lines of the revolutionary am y;
awd the bill was then postponed, and made the
order of the day for to-morrow.
RIGHT OF WAY.
On motion of Mr. DENTON", the previous
orders were postponed, and the Senate proceeded
, to consider a bill to grant a right of way through
the public lands in Indiana and Illinois, to the
Ohio and Mississippi Railroad Company, for the
purpose of enabling him to lay on the table an
aimsodnseut which he proposed to offer to the bail.
The amendment was ordered to be printed, and
the further consideration of the bill was postponed
yntil to-morrow.
Mr. BENTON gave notice that he should to-
morrow, or &t some subsequent day, ask leave to
introduce a bill.
ADMISSION OF CALIFORNIA.
Mr. DOUGLAS moved that the prior orders be
postponed, and that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of the bill for the admission of California
as a State into the Union.
Mr. NILES thought that if the bill was called
up now, it would be debated" at length, and con-
sume much time. He said there was a bill, of
which be had the care—the postage reform bill—
which he was very desirous to have acted upon as
speedily as possible. The postage bill, he said,
had been twice up for .consideration, and he would
Jike to "have it taken i;p and'disposed of to-day.
He wott'd therefore move to take up the postage
bill, if the Senator from liknuis would withdraw
his motion.
The question was taken on Mr. i) cclas s mo-
tion, and negatived, on a division—IS voting in the
affirmative, and 23 m the negative.
The ouestion being taken on the motion of Mr.
Nilf.s, it was agreed to.
REDUCTION" OF THE RATES OF POSTAGE, j
The Senate accordingly proceeded, as in Com- 1
mittee of the Whole, to the consideration of the
bill to red ucc the rates of postage and for other ;
purposes; the question pending being upon ft mo- ;
lion hy Mr. Cameron to strike out the clause pro- j
viding that papers not weighing move than an ,
ounce and ft half shall he circulated within the dis- \
lance of fifty miles from the place of publication ,
at half a cent postage, and substitute therefor a
clause providing that such papeis mav be sent j
through the mail any distance not exceeding tinny ;
miles from the place of publication free of postage. !
Mr. CAMERON modified his amendment, at tj
the suggestion of Mr. ALLEN, by striking cut ji
the words "an ounce and a half/5 so that any*;
paper might go free through the mails within thirty i!
mites ot the office of publication. j;
Mr. NI3-.ES proceeded to address the committee '
on the subject-matter of the biii generally-, and par- !
tsculdrly in jeply to the speech deli,eied by Mr, '
Allen* on the same measure some days since, I
[For Mr. N.'s sjieecli see Appendix.] j
Mr. ALLE1N" next obtained the floor. j
Mr. PEARCE. I hope the Senator will not !
attempt to proceed to-day. I desne that this sub- '
ject may be passed by until to-morrow, in order ■
that I may moke a statement to the Senate, which •
\ omitted to do this morning, in relation to the i
printing for Congress.
Mr. ALLEN assented to the proposition.
Mr. PEARCE then moved that the further con-
sideration of the biil be postponed until to-morrow;
which motion was agreed to.
PRINTING FOR CON&RESS, AGAIN.
The joint resolution on the subject of the Con- ■
gressional printing having been returned to the •
Senate, in accordance with its request, by the
House of Representatives, and tins fact having 1
been announced by the Prlsidin"<; Officer—
Mr. PEARCE. It will be necessary to recon- ,
sider the vote by which the resolution was ad on ted.
PRESIDING OFFICER. It is n.oved to'pro-
ceed to the consideration of the resolution referred 1
to by the Senator from Pennsylvania. !
The motion was agreed to.
The motion to reconsider the vote of the Senate '
on passing the resolution was also agreed to, as
well as the vote ordering it to a third reading. \
The resolution beins; then before the Senate as !
in Committee of the- Whole—
Mr. PEARCE, Messrs. Wendell & Van Ben- '
thuysen have sent to the Senate a paper, which I
was laid upon the Secretary's table this morning, >
which paper, I understand—for I have not read :
it—contradicts some of the statements which I
made yesterday m regard to the public printing. ■
My purpose now is to realiirm the statements that
I have made, and to olTer some proof in support of ,
them. I stated yesterday that Wend?!! Van
Benthuysen had not compiled with their contract,
inasmuch as they had not furnished papet* such as ■
thejr had contracted to furnish—paper of the same
qualify as the sample which they produced; that
they had not executed the printing in a proper ■
manner; that they had not used the proper type; ■
and that they had so managed the work bs to rim
the printed matter over a larger spac2 than has
eve; heretofore been done in the printing for Con-
gress, for which work, as they are paid by the J
page, of course they received a larger amount j
than they would be entitled to if the work had J
been done as it has heretofore been done. 1
Now, as to the first charge, [ have samples of
the paper which they have used, and of that which ij
has been used heretofore, and anybody can see at j;
a glance that the former is very inferior to the kl- j;
ter; that the paper, in fact, is so bad that in a few
years the printing will be almost obliterated, and \[
very difficult to read. 11 understand that this paper
costs but three dollars and a hall a roim. whilst 1
peper of the quality that h^s heretofore iJeen used '■
cannot-be bought for less than five dnl;a>*s a ream.
They also use "a different type from tmt specified
in the contract. I undci stand thrt the type they
use is a pica body, with a small pica fj.ee, whereas ,
they ought to have used small pica. The eficct of i
this chance is, that although we have the same
number of tines in a pa^e, we have net the same
number of letters m a line; the body of tho type ;
being thicker, the letters are further apjit. The
conseouence is, that an equal amount of matter 'j
occupies mose pages by the use of their type than , J
it would if they had used the proper type.
I have been furnished also with s.mipies of Con- j
irrcssionai printing, done m the proper manner,
by two gentlemen who are skillful printers—Mi. 1
Hahdav.' of the Globe office, and Mr. Trenhelm, •
of the Union office. Thev took sateen pages of
the printed matter, as executed by tne piesent
Contractors, and set it up m the manner m wiucn
the Congressional punting wps formctly done, and
it makes thirteen pages and eight line:'; so that toe
loss is about thirteen per cent. Had the proper
type been used, the matter that is spread over six-
teen pages would have been embraced in thirtten
pages and a trifle over, and it would have bees
m,ueh more creditable to the printers themselves.
Everybody_ who looks at their printing can see „
the in^pression of the types on the opposite side of
the paper, which is not the case with the other.
Well, this is not alb In the rule-and-figure work,
I am told by those upon whom I can rely—I re*-
ceived my information m regard to this point from
a gentleman who has long been a, member of the
other House, so long that he may be styled the
father of the House, and who is well acquainted
with the subject—I was toid by him that the rule-
! and-%ure work was badly done. I called the at-
i tention of those two gentlemen whom I have named
; to the rule-and-figurc worV, and they have given
me a sample of tfuch work as it was formeily doa«
by the printers to Congress, From these samples
| it appears that the old rule-and-figure work eon-
! tains about three times as much matter on a page
; as that which is done by the contractors, The^
i have, therefore, received about three timesas much
! pay for that kind of work as they would have re-
I ceived if they had done the work as it has former-
■ ly been donev
i Now, in regard to the delay in furnishing th«
I documents ordered to be printed, I am informed
that the Senate nave sent orders to the printing
' office to have a biil or some other paper printed
and sent up by the following day; and in suck
cases it has been customary with the old printers
to have the work done and sent up the next morn-
ing; but these gentlemen, not having their hands
at wcik at night, have sometimes delayed sending
. the paper for two or three days. This informe-
, tion I obtained from the office of the Secretary of
the Senate. In regard to furnishing printed copies
i of the President's message, f observe that it is
! stated, in the paper that has been laid on the Sec-
' relary's table this morning, that they have sent
, up eighteen copies of the message for delivery to
; each Senator. I stated^ yesterday that I believed
that three or four copies only had been furnished,
1 The fact is, six copies had been furnished, and it
i was not until last night that the remaining number,
j makins: eighteen copies for each Senator, was sent
up. Now, I think that the mode of executing the
public printing requires some regulation—some
inquiry, at all events, in order to see if it may not
he better conducted. That was the purpose which
I had in view m proposing the resolution: and
although I think that the time which the Senator
, from Pennsylvania proposes is rather short, I have
no objection that his amendment should pre\aii.
Mr. CAMERON. I am very sorry that the^
Senator from Maryland had not listened to what i
said. I stated more than once that there were
defects in the printing, but that they could be
readily accounted for.
Mr. PEARCE. f will remind the Senator that
it was necessary for me to reply to the statements
contained in the paper that has been laid upon the
Secretary's table this morning, and to show that
what I stated yesterday was correct,
Mr. CAMERON. But the Senator is in error
in some of the statements he has made. The Sen-
ator must bear in mind that more printing was done
at the last session of Congress tlion lias ever before
been done at anyone seesion—mirh more than the
gentlemen who undertook the public pt'.niing sup-
posed would bs required. In regard to woikmg
at nj£;ht, the Senator is mis^ken, for they have
been at work every night, and sometimes even on
Sundays, In respect to the type that is used hy
these gentlemen, it is not small pica type with a
pica body, as the gentleman observes, but *t is
small pica type, which the law cads for. In their
selection of type, however, they would have done
better for themselves if they had procured small
pica of a different number. But, as I have said,
ail the dhflcuUies that have arisen will be guarded
rgainst bv the proposals which the Secretary is
now authorized to issue, because they contain par-
ticular specifications as to the size of the type, the
number of lines to be contained in a pa<;e, the weight
of the paper, &c. I have no doubt, therefore, that
all the objections heretofore existing will be obvi-
ated under the contract which will be made.
The Senator has stated that there is a largo dif-
ference between the work as now executed and that
which has formerly been done for Congress : but
he must also remember that there is a targe differ-
ence in the amount paid for the woik.
Mr. PEARCE. I stated further that I had no
doubt that these gentlemen had made a hard bai-
