m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 9,
It was read, as follows; ^
Resolve/I, That the President of the United States ho rc-
qapstcd tn fornH) this House with a correct copy of the
©riginal treaty of Guadahipe Hwfalco, entered into on the
2d'day of February, 1848, by Nicholas P. Tun on the part
of the" United States, and Lurs Gf. Ctreva?, ifarnado'Conto,
and Miguel Atrtstai-n. on the part of the Kepufclfc of Mex-
ico; and particularly those articles in said original treaty
which were stricken oat or amended by the Senate of the
United State«. 
- ResokedSfurfker, Th&i the President be requested to irr-
forra this House whether there is any evidenee m the Depart-
ment of State-of an agreement and assurance made by oar
commissioners with the Mexican Government, before the
ratification hy said Government of, said amendments, sub-
stantially ra the following words, to wit:
" PROTOCOL
Of the conference previous to the ratification and change
of the treaty of peace between Ambrose H. Sfevier and Na-
than Clifford, commissioneda? Ministers Plenipotentmiy on
the part of the United Stales of America, and Don Lois dc
la Rosa, Minister of Foreign and Internal Afiarrs of the Mex-
ican Republic,
" In the cityofQueretaro, on'the 26th of the month of May,
1S48, at a conference between their Excellencies Nathan
Clifford and Ambrose H. Sevier, Commissioners of the Uni-
ted States of America, With frrlf powers from their Govern-
ment to make to the Mexican Republic suitable explanations
Jn regard to the amendments which the Senate and Govern-
ment of the sard United States have made in the treaty of
peace, friendship, limits, and definitive settlement between
the two Republic**, signed in the city of Guadalupe Hidalgo,
©n the 2d day of February of the present \ear, and his Ex-
cellency Don Luis de la Rosa. Minister of Foreign Affairs of
the Republic of Mexico, it was ag'eert, after adequate eon-,
vei sation respecting the changes alluded to, tct record in the
present protocol the following explanations, which their
aforesaid Excellencies the Commissioners gave in the name
of their Government, and in fulfillment of the commission
conferred upon them near the Mexican Republic:
{i 1st. The American Government, by suppressing the ninth
article of the treaty of Guadalupe, and substituting The third
article of the treaty of LnnNiana, did not intend to dimmish
jn any way what was agreed upon by the aforesaid article
ninth in favor of the inhabitant? of the terirtories Cedefl by
Mexico. Its understanding is, that all of that agreement js
contained in the thud article of the (reaty of Louisiana. Tn
consequence, all the privileges and guarantees, civil, politi-
cal, and religion®, which wonftl have been poss-essed bv the
Inhabitants of the ceded territories if the ninth article of
the treaty had been retained, will be en|Oyed bv them,
without any difference, under the article which has been
StlbMitnted.
<f*2d. The American Government, hy suppressing the
tenth article of the treaty of Gnadalupp, did not. in any
way, intend to annul the grants of lands made hy Mexico rn
the ceded teriitories. These grants, notwithstanding the
suppression of this article of the treaty, preserve the legal
value whieh they may possess, and'the grantees mav cause
their legitimate titles to be acknowledged before the Ameri-
can tribunals*
"Conformably to^he law of the Umted States,-legitimate
titles to every description of property, personal and leal, ex-
isting. in the ceded territories, are those which were legiti-
mate titles under the Mexican law in California and New
Mexico, un to the 13th of May, 1846, and in Texas up to
the 2d of March, 1836.
"3d. TheGovernmentofthe United State*, by suppressing
the concluding paragraph of article twelfth of the treaty,
din not mtend to deprive the Mexican Republic of the free
and unrestrained faculty of ceding, conveying, or trans-
ferring af anv time (as it may judge best") the sum of twelve
millions of dollars, which the same Government of the
United States is to deliver in the places designated by the
amended nitiele.
"A'ad these explanations having been accepted bv the
Minister df Foreign Affairs of the Mexican Republic, he
declared in the name of his Government that with the un-
derstanding conveyed hy them, the same Government would
proceed to ratify the treaty of Guadalupe, as modified by the
Senate and Government of the United State*. In testimony
of which, their Excellencies, the aforesaid Commissioners,
and the Minister, have signed and sealed, in quinluplicate,
ihe present protocol.
" NATHAN-CLIFFORD. Ti.. s.]
«A\fimOSE F-T. SEVIER. [l s.J
« Lurs DE LA ROSA." [l. s.]
Jlnd be it further resolved, That if such paper is in the
Department of State, the President be requested to inform
this House whether said Commissioners, or Plenipotentia-
ries, were empowered to make said explanations and give
said guarantees, and by what authority thev were so-empow-
ered ; and whether the said protocol has been submitted to
the consideration of the Senate of the United States, and
been sanctioned by a constitutional majority of that body
Jivd be it. further rctolv.cd, That the President he requested
lo inform this Hou=r whether be was aware of the existence
of such protocol at the time of his proclamation of the final
evchange of ratifications of said treaty on the 4th day of July.
2848. '
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, rose and said it
•was rather a lengthy resolution. He thought the
House had better have the opportunity of looking
at it; therefore, he objected to its passage this morn-
ing.
Mr. STEPHENS said it was simply a resolu-
tion of inquiry. It was a very important matter.
He trusted the gentleman would not object. He
did not propose to discuss it. It simply called for
information. He hoped the gentleman would not
object to, its passage.
Mr. HOUSTON. I prefer it should not pass
to-day. It is" too long entirely. I want to have
the opportunity to examine it.
H
Mr. STEPHENS. I don't understand the gen-
tleman from Alabama to object to its reception ?
Mr. HOUSTON. Yes, sir, I do.
On motion of Mr. HARALSON, the House
proceeded to the consideration of the amendments
from the Senate to the bill of the House entitled
<«An act for the relief of William Puller.
After some conversation between Mr. HARAL-
SON, Mr. HALL of New York, and others, the
amendments were agreed to, and the title amended, -
so as to read "An act for the relief of William
Fuller and Charles Savage."
Ordered, That the Clerk acquaint the Senate
therewith. -
On motion of Mr. KAUFMAN, by leave,
Rewhed, That the Committee on Public Lands be fn-
j-ttucted £o inquire into the expediency of granting alfernate
sections of the public domain lying alone the routes for the
conduction of a railroad from ihc mouth of Red river, via
Chrnejvilie, in the parish of Rapides, Louisiana, to tne
mo*t eligible point on Sabine river ; also, fiom Shre^voport
to Texas Imo, on the .most direct and eligible route to Mar-
shal; and also, fiom Little. Fork, in the State of Arkansas,
in the Texas line, m the most direct and eligible route from
sa>d town, to Cl<irk«v* lle, in the State of Texas.
Mr. VINTON, by leave, from the Committee
of Ways and Means, reported a bill making ap-
propriations for the service of the Post Office De-
partment, for the year ending June 30,1850; which
was read twice.
Mr. VINTON moved that the bill be committed
to the Committee of the Whole House, and be
made the special order of the day for Monday
next.
Mr. GOGGIN moved that the said bill be com-
mitted to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, with instructions co said committee,
first, to consider and dispose of House bill " to
reduce the rates of postage on letters and news-
papers, to establish nniroirn postal charges, and to
correct the abuse of the franking privilege," so as
to ascertain, as near as practicable, what amount,
if any, of additional appropriations will be neces-
sary, to supply deficiencies growing out of such
reduction.
Mr. VINTON inquired whether it was in order;
upon the question of committing a bill, to move
instructions as (o some other bill?
The SPEAKER. The Chair knows no limit
to the power of the House to instruct the commit-
tee. .
Mr. VINTON colled for a division of the ques-
tion, so as to vote first upon the commitment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Goggin] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. GOGGIN. If the motion to instruct the
committee brings up the whole subject of postage,
I desire to be heard at length upon it. I have
made various attempts to get the floor to discuss
the subject. I ask the Chair if it will be in order
for me now to proceed?
The SPEAKER stated, that this bein  a private
bill day, public business could not be debated, ex-
cept by general consent. If the bill went over, it
took it's place on the file of unfinished business on
the Speaker's table, and might not be reached in
some length of time.
Mr. VINTON. Does the Speaker decide that
the question may not be taken on the commitment
of the bill?
The SPEAKER replied that the question to com-
mit could be taken if the previous question were
moved and, seconded. But the gentleman from
Virginia having obtained the floor, and given notice
of his intention to discuss the subject, and debate
upon public bills not being in order to-day, the bill
would lie over upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. VINTON. I hope the gentleman from Vir-
ginia will withdraw his motion. If the bill goes
upon the table, it may never be reached at all, and
appropriations for the Post Office Department may
not be made by the House at this session.
Mr. GOGGIN said it was a subject of complaint
on the part of the country that the bill which has
already been reported for the reduction of postage
contained no appropriation. They could not pass
the bill making appropriations for the Post Office
Department, until the question of the adjustment
of the rates of pdstage was settled. There was a
general desire on the part of the House to reduce
the rates of postage. There was*no more appro-
priate place for its consideration than upon the
very bill before the House.
. The bill accordingly lies upon the Speaker's
table.
^ THE PUBLIC PRINTING.
A mess-age was received from the Senate, statin^
that it had passed a joint resolution extending the
time for receiving the proposals fnr the printing of
Congress, in which it asked the concurrence of the
House.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communication:
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
Ac a meeting of she officers of the Senate and House of
Representative*, under the resolution of Congress (hrcetrn^
the manner of procuring the pmitmg of the two Houses of
Congress, the Secretary of the Senate notified the hoard
that thfe Senate had^yesterrfay adopti d a jiunt resolution ex-
tending the time for receiving the proposals for the printing
of Congress; whereupon, the Secretai.v of the Senate ancf
Clerk of the House decided, that in consideration of the
adoption by the Senate of the aforesaid resolution, they
would not open the proposals nntil it was ascertained what
would be the decision of the House of Representative® upoi*
the Senate's resolution. And thereupon it wa« otdered,.
that a meeting1 of froriid should take place on Wednesday
next, the 7th instant, and that in the mean time no fuither
proposals shall be received.
ASHURY DTCKFN3,
Secretarv of the Senate*.
THOS. J. CAMPBELL,
Clerk of the House of Representatives 
February 3,1819.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Is that matter before
the House to-day 5
The SPEAKER. The communication is made
to the House.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, rose to a point of order.
He did not consider this subject fairly before th<r
House. It did not come up as the regular order
of business. It was a communication which tfte
Speaker had laid before the House for informa-
tion; but if it was objected to, he contended it
would not be in order to receive it at all. He
therefore objected to its consideration.
The SPEAKER said, if objection was made,the
communication must go over.
Mr. COBB insisted upon his objection,, awl
added, let the officers of the two Houses execute
the law of the land.
RESOLUTIONS OF THE LEGISLATURE OF
MICHIGAN.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, asked leave to intro-
duce a bill to reduce and graduate the priees of the
public lands, and for other purpose^.
Objections were made.
Mr, STUART,of Michigan, by leave, presented
joint resolutions of the Legislature of the Sr«.te of
Michigan, in favor of the ordinance of 1787, and
in opposition to the introduction of slavery within
any of the territories of the United'States now, or
hereafter to be acquired; which was read, and, .
On motion of Mr. STUART, of Mich., it was
Ordered, That said resoiuuons be-laid upon the table and
printed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. ASHMUN inquired what was the regular
order of business for the morning?
The SPEAKER replied that private business
was in order to-day; if the House did not proceed
to it, almost any subject might be taken up.
Mr. ASHMUN. i move—no motion having
been made to proceed to private business—that the
House proeeed^to the consideration of the business
on the Speakers table, in order that we may
reach the bill relative to "the slave trade ig^the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. TURNER called for the regular order of
business.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved that
the House "resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole House.
Mr. ASHMUN. I hope not. We will spend
all day upon one bill.
He called for tellers on the motion of Mr. Rock-
well, who were ordered, viz: Messrs. Ashmuk
and Turner, and the question having been taken,
they reported ayes 80, noes 51. # ^
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole, (Mr. Houston, of Alabama, in the
Chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of bills
on the private calendar.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the bill first in
.order was the bill for the relief of 'Lyon & How-
ard.
The committee proceeded to the consideration
of the said bill.
The bill (which has been heretofore particularly
noticed in this paper), authorizes th6 Solicitor of
the Treasury to ascertain the value of certain
dredging machines, and to pay the balance if
