1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
489
any, which mi<*ht be found to be due over and
above the sums already paid.
Mf. McCLELLAND said, that when this bill
was under consideration in 1845-'4S, he took
an interest in it, because then, as now, he was a
friend to the system of river and harbor improve-
ments; and the strongest arguments which had
been made against the system were based upon
the principle involved in this very bill: that was to
eay, th<* principle of extra compensation beyond
the estimates of the Topographical Bureau.
Mr. McC. then proceeded to examine the pro-
visions of the bill, to show that the claim was
different and more extensive in its character than
a similar one which had been voted down in
1845-'46 by (he believed) a unanimous vote; and
Chat, if there had ever been an instance of an at-
tempt to swindle the Government of the United
States, this was one.
Mr. McC. sent to the Clerk's table ^ letter from
Colonel Abert, Chief of the Bureau of Topograph-
ical Engineers: which was read.
Mr. BIR.DSAXL replied to Mr. McClelland,
and advocated the bill. He said he knew nothing
of the case, except from the facts reported, by the
committee, on which be supposed the House were
bound to act. It appeared from the report, that
the claimants built four dredges under contract
with the Government, that if they raised a cer-
tain number of tons per hour, they were to re-
ceive a certain compensation. The dredges were
tested, and the amount was certified by two Gov-
ernment officers. The Government was bound,
therefore, to pay the stipulated compensation,
which, it appeared, was some §6,000 more than
had been received.
The hour allotted to debate expired.
On motion of Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connec-
ticut, the bili was laid aside to be reported, with
a recommendation that it be recommitted to the
Committee on Claims.
The committee next proceeded to the considera-
tion of the biil for the relief of the widow and
heirs-at-law of Silas Duncan, late commandant in
the United States navy.
No amendment bein^ offered to this bill, it was
laid aside-to be reported to the House.
The bill for the relief of Noah A. Phelps being
under consideration—
Mr. DANIEL opposed it, on the ground that
the facts of the case had not been investigated by
the committee, but that they had reported the bill
upon the certificate of a jury.
He moved that the biil be reported, with a rec-
ommendation that it do not pass.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, explained
that the principle by which the Committee on
Claims were governed was not to rely alone upon
the certificate of a jury, of a balance due from the
Government; but in case of decision by a court of
a point of law, the verdict of a jury under such
decision against the Government they considered
should be binding against the Government, as it
would be against an individual.
Some further conversation and explanation fol-
lowed between Mr. DANIEL and Mr. ROCK-
WELL; and some conversation passed between
Mr. KAUFMAN and Mr. ROCKWELL.
The CHAIRMAN stated the question to be on
the motion of the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Daniel,] that the biil be reported to the
House with a re.cotfimendation that it do not pass.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved so to amend the motion
as to provide that the bill be recommitted to the
Committee on Claims, with instructions to report
the facts of the case to the House.
Mr. "DANIEL accepted the amendment of Mr.
Kaufman as a modification ofhisown proposition.
Mr. POLLOCK contended that no committee of
this House could possibly give to the case the
same full examination which it had already re-
ceived; and that the bill ought to be passed with-
out further opposition.
Mr. CROWELL opposed the modified motion of
the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Daniel.]
There was, he said, no dispute about the facts of
the case. The record disclosed what the facts
were. The only matter in controversy between
Mr. Phelps and the accounting officers of the
treasury was as to a question of law, whether
certain accounts should be allowed or not. That
question of law had been decided in favor of Mr.
Phelps, and the sum which this bill proposed to
appropriate was justly due. There was no neces- |j
sity to refer the case to a committee to ascertain (!
that which was already apparent on the record. '
Some conversation followed between Mr. FICK" !
LIN, Mr. CROWELL, and Mr. ROCKWELL.
The question was then taken on the modified 1
motion of Mr. Da kill, and was decided in the '■
negative.
And the bill was then laid aside to be reported ,!
to the House.
The next bill on the calendar was a b\\\ for the -i
relief of the legal representatives of Colonel Fran- i
cis Vigo: whhh, without debate, was laid aside to i'
day reported from the Committee of the Whole
with an amendment, viz: strike out $13,953 22,
and insert £9.000.
After debate by Messrs. DANIEL and ROCK>
WELL—
Mr. ROCKWELL moved the previous ques-
tion, which was seconded, and, under the opera-
tion thereof, the amendment was disagreed to, and
the bill ordered to be engrossed and read & third
time; and being engrossed, the said biil was ac-
cordingly read the third time and passed, and sent
to the Senate for concurrence.
Mr. CATHCART gave notice of a motion for
lea^e to introduce a bill granting the risfht of way-
State of Indiana.
Mr. HAMPTON, from the Cotamittee on En-
rolled bills, made a report.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of a bill for the relief of Sioughton A. Fletcher,
reported from the Committee on the Judiciary on
the 1st instant.
The question being, "Shall this biHbe engrossed
and read a third timer7'
Pending which, on motion of Mr. BURTS
The House adjourned.
be reported to the House. ..
The committee next proceeded to the ennsid- ^ t0 Th ra;!roa(1,ar!l1 °'her companies for making
eration of a bill for the relief of Mathews, Wood, g"1?8 ^;!,f.ve been or may' be cha«ered m the
and Hall; which, after debate by Messrs. DAN- \ ' tf"P'
IEL, PtOCKWELL, and NELSON^ was, on j
motion of Mr. DANIEL, amended by striking j
out ti!e amount in the bill of §13,953 22, and in- '
sertins,- §9,000; which amendment was agreed to, j
and the bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House. - j;
The next biil considered was Senate hill entitled il
an act for the relief of Jeannette C. Huntington, !j
widow and sole executrix of William D. Cheever; ii
which lull, after debate by Messrs. D\N1EL, '
ROCKWELL, and MURPHY, was laid aside to , ■
be reported to the House.
On motion of Mr. FULTON, !
The committee rose and reported their action on .
the above several bills to the House. j
Mr. GOGGIN moved that the House resolve i
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of ;
the Union, with (he view of taking up the bill for
the reduction of the rates of postage; which motion i
was not agreed to. j
On motion of Mr. NEWELL, by leave, j
Resolved. That the Clerk of the House he directed to pro-
cure, for the use of Henry H. Siblev, Delegate from Wjs- ;1
con*in, >uch book*a*weie ordered to be furnished to the h
new members of this Congress by a resolution of the 32th of I'
August, 1848. [j
On motion of Mr. COCKE, it was ||
Ordered, That the papers in the case of George Ifix be l;
withdrawn from the files of the House and referred to the ',
Committee on Indian Affans.
Mr. TOMPKINS, by leave, presented the re- '! distance of th>rty mile*.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following pennons and memorials were presented
under the rale, an<l reterred:
By Mr. BROWN, or Pennsylvania- The petition of 970
men, women, and children. inhabitants of Pennsylvania,
respectfully asking Congies* to take measures for effecting
such change m the Constitution and laws as shall abolish
slavery throughout the Union, in the manner that maybe
mo*c consent with justice and the rights and interests of
every section of the country. -
Bv Mr. STUART, ot Michigan: The petition of citizens
of Kent county, Michigan, that a mail route be established
from Giand Rapids., in said county of Kent, via Alpine and
Summerville post offices, in i-aid county, to Muskegon Mills
post office, m'the county of Newajjo; thence, via Newago
po-^t office, in New ago county, and Muskegon Dam, (so
called } to Muskegon post office, i«t Ottawa county.
By Mr. KENNON: The petition of R G. Wi ig'ht and 344
other citizens of Belmont county, Ohio, praying freedom
from traffic in the Dublic lands, and a grant of 16o acre* of
land to actual settlers. Also, the petition of Harlow Wil-
liams and y? other citizen* of Harrison cour.tv, Ohio, pray-
ing for the free transmission of newspapers by inaii for a
monstrance of Colonel Peter Pyrchlyn, Choctaw
delegate, against the passage of the bill to unite
under one government the several Indian tribes
west of the Mississippi; which remonstrance svas
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs. j
The House proceeded to the consideration of :
the bill for the relief of Elizabeth S. Cobbs, yester- '
day reported from the Committee of the \Vhole, j
and the amendment pending: thereto moved by i
Mr. Tuck, viz: strike out the word " fifteen," i
and insert in lieu thereof " twenty-five," so that J
"it would read "be pl<iced on the rollof invalid I
pensions at the rate of twenty-fivedollarsamonth," j
&c. • |
And the question being put on agreeing to said j
amendment, it was decided in the affirmative. \
The said bill was then ordered to be engrossed |
and read a third time, and being engrossed, was j
accordingly read a third time and passed, and sent i
to the Senate for concurrence. j
The House then proceeded to the consideration 1
of the bill from the Senate, entitled " An act for '
the relief of Jeannette C. Huntington, widow and j
sole executrix of William D. Cheever," this day !
reported from the Committee of the Whole, with- !
out amendment; when the said bill was read the |
third time and passed, and returned to the Senate. ;
The House proceeded to the consideration of the 1
" bill for the relief of Lyon and Howard," this day ;
reported from the Committee of the Whole, with )
a recommendation that it be recommitted to the
Committee on Claims; when, on motion of Mr. I
McCLELLAND, the said bill was laid on the table. ;
The House then proceeded to the consideration J
of the bills for the relief of the widow and heirs-at- ;
UwofSilasDuncan,latecommandantin theUmted !
States navy, for the relief of Noah A. Phelps, and j
for the relief of the le^al representatives of Colonel 1
Francis Vig:o, reported this day from the Commit- i
tee of the Whole without amendment; when the :
same were severally ordered to be engrossed, and
being engrossed, were read a third time, and sent .
to the Senate for concurrence.
The House next proceeded to consider the biil
By Mr.KELLOGG: The petition of William Aymerand
others, citizens of ENsex, New York, praying for the aboli-
tion of ihe fianknig privilege, and that tuufotm rates of
postage be established, and thai the postage on letters and
newspapei* earned by mail packets and steamers be re-
duced. and that thr re be a free delivery of newspapers and
letter- in largo, cities and towns.
By Mr. THOMPSON, of Peims\ivama: A memorial,
signed by 300 mbaoitant* of Penn*> Kama, tor ;i mad route
, from Lmh«jr-bunr, Clearfield countv, to Kittanirig, in Arm-
i strong couuf.v, via Smioksburg, Punxuiaivney, and .Rural
' Valley.
| Bv Mi. MANN, of Massachusetts : The petition of Janjcs
' VT.'VTard and 340 others, inhabitants of Abington, in the
• 8tate of Massachusetts, praym? for cheap postage. Also,-
• the petition of Robert Cook-and 39 others, inhabitants of
„ New Salem, in the same State, praying tor tne same object.
I ByMr.STR.OHM: The petition of Joseph Brinton and
j 56 others, of the State of Pennsylvania, praying for tiie abb-
; htion of slavery m the District of Columbia, and all other
i places over which Congress has exclusive jurisdiction, and
j that no new State shall be admitted without ail express, con-
dition that j>i;tveiy fhall he excluded.
By Mr. TAYLOR: Tftc petition of E. H. Fie,Id and 150
! others, citizen* of Adam* and Scioto counties, in the State
Of Ohio, prawn** lor cheap postage.
By Mr. MILLER: The petition of William Dunbar and
other citizens of Knox county, Ohio, a-kinu relief for the
rcenactment of so much of the po?t oftice law ot 1845 as
allow* the iree transmission of no\vspr>peis by mail for the
distance of thnty nuleb fiom the place where they are
punted-
By Mr. GKEELEY* TT-e petition of M. H. Plmnley and
; 110 other citizens- of Madison county, New Yoik, for the
freedom of the public land* to actual settlers only. Also,
of women of Meredith, Delawaie county. New York,
asking Con£re?-s to abolish slavery wherever il has tiie power
to do so. Al«o, thirteen petitions from citizens of New
, York, asking Con<rre * to exclude intoxicating dunks from
 he navy. _ ANo, ten memorials asking the abolition of flog- --
qins ni the im*-v.
Rv Mr. MURPHY : The petitions of Samuel W. Haskiirs-
: and 43 other citizens, principally of Williamsburg, New „
• York, and a)>o of E. A. Young* and 12 other citizens of
: Biookhn and New Yo k, askmy <i reduction of the rates
of postage, and abolition of the franking privilege. Also of
- Hon. Jeremiah Johnson and 3-i other citizens of Brooklyn,
prawns that ten pei cent, may be secured to thetreasury of
; ihe'Umferi Sfate*. on all gold obtained m fV.iiforma.
i Bv Mr. HENRY: The petition of J. C. Foster and one
! hundred and one others, of BraUielvro', Yermont, fur re-
' ducins the rate* of letter and newspaper postage, and for
■ abolishing mivile§e 
i By -Mr. M- TLY : The petition of Joseph Preston
i and one bundled and mirty-fvo other*, ct*izot>i t-f Chester
: count*, PermsUvania, oravinc Congress to take iinmediat«
I mfasures for the prohibition of slaveiy m the. Territories of
"New Mexico and California, and also to e.\ercis<; ail con*tt~
for the relief of Mathews, Wood, and Hall, this iLtutional puwer to abolish slavery in the District of Columbia.
