440
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 5,
IN SENATE. *
Monday, February 5, 1849.
* The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, made in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, showing the construction given to the act of
1846, iri relation to duties accruing and collected on
importations, and which is paid by any country at
the place of exportation; which was laid on the
table.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a report frotn the Secretary of-the Senate and the
Clerk of the Hoyse of Representatives, similar to
that presented in the House of Representatives on
Saturday, stating that they had postponed the ex-
amination of the contracts for the printing of Con-
gress, until Wednesday, to allow time for the two
Houses to act finally on the subject of the joint res-
olution extending the time for receiving proposals.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
the memorial of William S. Crodey and John
Drew, representatives' of that portion of the Cher-
okee nation known as the " Old Settlers," asking
that provision may be made for paying out, of the
moneys appropriated for their benefit, all debts
which,on examination, maybe found due by them;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian.
Affairs.
VIRGINIA RESOLUTIONS RESPECTING SLA-
VERY.
Mr. HUNTER presented the following resolu-
tions, passed by the* Legislature of Virginia:
Whereas the institution of slavery was fully discussed in
the Convention which formed the Constitution of the United
States, and the rights of slaveholders recognized and pro-
tected by tue provisions of tljat instrument, and without the
compromises then solemnly entered into, the union of the
States never could have been formed; and whereas the
General Assembly of Virginia, regarding what is known as
the " Wilmot proviso" as in palpable disregard of the com-
promises of tiie Constitution, did on the 6th day of March, ,
18-47, adopt a series of resolutions, distinctly indicating the i
course which the State or Virginia would pursue in the I
event of its passage by the Congress of the United States, j
as applicable to territory to be acquired fiom .Mexico; and \
whereas the present General Assembly have seen with deep j
concern a deposition manifested by the Kou&e oi' Kepre- i
sentatives of the United States? to violate the principles em- !
bodied m said resolutions, and to make still lurther aggres-
sions upon the rights of the southern States: under these j
circumstances, this General Assembly deem the occasion fit I
to reaffirm said resolutions, and most respectfully, hot most
earnestly, to caliche attention of all those who are attached
to the union of the States to the serious and inevitable con-
sequences which must follow such action upon the part of
the General Government: Be it therefore,
1. Resolved hytlte General Jlsvcmihj of Virginia,;, That,after
the fullest reexamination and reconsideration of the reso-
lutions adopted ou the 8th of March, 1847, by this body, we
do consider saiti resolutions as founded in truth, con&onant
with the Constitution, and conducive to its preservation, and
theretore we feel it to be ^ur indiipen&able duty to adhere
to and leaffirm them, us follows: -
" Resolutions relative to the prohibition ly the Congress of the
United Slates of slavery in any ttrrUoiy to he acquired by
conqueU or treaty.—[Adopted March 8,18-17. J
"1. be it resolved, unanimously, by the General %&>semhhj of
Virginia, That the Government of the Uuued States has no
control, directly or indirectly, mediately or immediately,
over the institution oi slaver), so as to impair the rights of
the slaveholder; and that, in taking any such control, u
transcends the limits of its legitimate functions, by destroy-
incMbe internal organization oi the sovereignties who cre-
ated it.
'••J. Resolved * unanimously, That all territory which may
he acquired by the arms ot the United States, or yielded by
treaty with any foreign Power, belongs to the several States
of this Union, as their joint and common property, in which
each and alt have equal rights j and that the enactment,
by the Federal Government, of any law which should di-
recttv, or by its effects, prevent t ie citizens of any State
froai* emigrating, with their property, of whatever descrip-
tion, into such territory, would make a discrimination un-
warranted by and in violation of the compromises of the
Constitution and the rights of the States f 10m winch such
citizens emigrated, and m derogation ot that perfect equality
that belongs to the several States, as members, of this Union,
and would"tend directly to Mibveitthe Union itself.
«3. Resolved, That it. m disregard alike of the spirit and
principles ol the act of Congress on the admission of the
•State of Missouri into the Union, generally known as the
Missouri compromise, and or every consideration of justice,
of constitutional right, and of fraternal feeling, the fearful
issue shall be forced upon the country which must result
from the adoption and attempted enforcement of the Wihnot
proviso a* an act of the General Government, the people of
Virginia can have no difficulty in choosing between the only
alternatives that v.iil then remain—of abject submission
o aggression and outiageon the one hand, or dueimined
resutHnce on the other, m all hazards and to the 'last ex-
tremity.
" 4. Resolved, unanimously, Tnat the General Assembly
holds it to bs the duty of eveiy man, nuevery section of this
Confederacy, (if the Union is dear to him,) to oppose the
passage of any law, for whatever purpose, byXvhich terri-
tory to be acquired may he subject to such a restriction.
"5. Resolved, uiianimouily, That the passage of the above
mentioned proviso makes it the duty of every slavehoidmg
State, and ofjdl the citizens thereof, as they value their
dearest privileges, their sovereignty, their independence,
their rights^f property, to take firm, united, and concerted
action in this emergency." *•
P II. Resolved, That we regard the passage of a law by the
Congress of the United States, abolishing slavery or the slave
trade in the District of Columbia as a direct attack upon the
institutions of the southern States, to be resisted at every
hazard.
% III. Resolved, That in the event of the passage by Conirress
of the " Wilmot Proviso," or any law abolishing slavery or
the slave trade m the District of Columbia, the Governor of
this Commonwealth is requested immediately to convene
the Legislature of this /State fit* it shall have adjourned) to
considt-r of the mode and measure of redress.
IV. Resolved, That the Governor of this Commonwealth
be requested to send a copy of these resolutions to each of
the States of this Union, and also to our Senators and Rep-
resentatives in Congress. v
Mr. HUNTER, in presenting the above resolu-
tions, said, I present to you a series of resolutions
recently passed by the General Assembly of Vir-
! ginia in relation to the subject of slavery. Some
two years since, that State felt it to be her duty,
under the circumstances which surrounded her, to'
declare her opinions as to the right of Congress to
prohibit slavery in territory to be acquired either
by conquest or treaty. These resolutions denied
the power of Congress " to control, directly or
indirectly,'' the institution of slavery, so as to im-
pair the rights of the slaveholder; they declared
that the territory to be acquired by the United
States from any foreign Power would be the com-
mon property of the States, and that any Federal
legislation which directly or indirectly prevented
i the citizens of any of the States from emigrating
! to it with their property, of whatever description,
would violate the Constitution and the rights of
the States, would derogate from that perfect equal-
ity which belongs to the States of this Confedeiacy,
and tend to 'subvert the Union itself; they pro-,
claimed that if the Wilmot Proviso should be
adopted, m disregard of the spirit and principles
of the Missouri compromise, and of every consid-
eration of right, justice, and fraternal feeling, the
people of Virginia could have no difficulty m
choosing between the only alternatives that would
then remain—of abject submission to aggression
and outrage on the one hand, or determined resist-
ance on the other, at all hazards and to the last
extremity. They declared it to be the duty of
every man from every section of this Confederacy,
if he loves the Union, to oppose the passage of
such a law; and, in the event of its enactment,
they warned the slaveholding Stales, and every
citizen thereof, that it would be their duty, as they
valued their dearest privileges,' their sovereignty,
the^r independence," and their rights of property,
to take firm, united, and concerted action in that
emergency. Such were the resolutions unani-
mously adopted by the General Assembly of Vir-
ginia in 1847. Since that period, there have been
two general elections by the people; and again, at
the present session of the Legislature, these reso-
lutions have been solemnly reaffirmed, with the
addition of another, made necessary by the prog-
ress of events. That iesoluuon declares it to be
the opinion of the General Assembly, that any'
• "law abolishing slavery or the slave trade in the
i District of Columbia would be a direct attack
'upon the institutions of the southern Stated to
4 be resisted at every hazard."
The adoption of tnese resolutions, Mr. President,
was perhaps due from the State, not only to the
rights of her own citizens, but to the Union, which
she has ever sought to cherish and preserve, if
she entertained these opinions, it was her duty to
warn her sister States of her feelings and inten-
tions in the most solemn form Known to her pro-
ceedings.
To manifest the sincerity of her desire to pro-
I mote concord, she approaches her confederates
j not only in the spirit, but in the very language of
! compromise, and tubmits to their consideration
| the fearful alternatives between which she must
' choose if she cannot be permitted to retain her po-
* sition of equality in this Union, even by the sac-
j rifice of a portion of her rights and interests. It
I was once—it may be, perhaps, still—within the
' range of possibility that such a course on the part
j of ail the southern States might induce a pause in
j the progress of what we feel to be aggression and
I insult, however differently it may have been in-
j tended. At any rate, it is due from Virginia to
| make every effort to save both the Union and the
| indispensable rights of her people. It is due from j
I her, because no gtate has contributed more than !
j she did to make and maintain the Union as it now J
exists. In almost every battle of the Revolution-
from the Heights of Abraham to the plains of
Georgia—from what was then the remote north-
west—from Kaskaskia and Vincennea to Jersey
and the Carolinas—her blood was poured; and, to
the extent of her means, her treasure was as freely
expended.
She not only sacrificed to make, but also to
maintain,- the union of the States. To secure har-
mony-and promote fraternal feelings, she ceded *
away her northwestern territory, and submitted to
conditions which gave, forever, the preponderance
of political power to the non-slaveholding States—
so little was she jealous of their progress, or doubt-
ful of their disposition at all times to do her justice.
Under all circumstances, and at all times, she has
manifested her^attachment to the Union. She has
reared her sons to cherish and revere it as, origi-
nally, it was formed. It has ever been as a house-
hold word with us—sacred for its domestic asso-
ciations, and which never passed the lips that it
did not stir the heart.
Sir, we have been taught to believe that our
Constitution, if administered truly, and in a spirit
of justice and fraternal feeling, contained more
securities for human happiness and the liberty of
the citizen than any other instrument ever devised
by the art of man. But the Union which we love,
is a confederacy of equals. The Constitution
which we cherish makes no invidious distinction
between States or citizens, but distributes equally
its blessings and its burdens. Such is the Union
and such is the Constitution which the blood of
our fathers-was shed to procure; and shall their
sons so far fail in reverence to it as to agree to the
subversion of the very principle which lies at the
.foundation of the structure? Sir, this cannot,
ought not to be. The South cannot consent to be
made the Jamaica or even the Ireland of this Con-
federacy, without an effort to prevent it. It would
not be for the glory or even for the interest of the
non-slaveholding States to force us to such ex-
tremities if they could. Sir, they can have no
interest in forcing us to extremities; and I believe
that they would pause in that progress which is
inevitably leading to such a result, if they under-
stood fully how we think and feel on this sub-
ject. Alas! sir, that it should be so; but we have
ceased to study and consider the feelings and
opinions of each other in the true spirit of fraternal
aifection.
Mr. President, I know not what effect these
resolutions may produce in other States—very
little, 1 fear; but they at least contain food for re-
flection. Sir, it is a grave occasion when one of
the States of- this Union feels bound to speak out
in such language as that of these resolutions. It
was in March, 1773, that the messengers of Vir-
ginia and Massachusetts crossed each other as they
bore mutual propositions for the establishment of
committees of* correspondence for the maintenance
and preservation of their rights. Such were the
feelings which passed between Virginia and Mas-
sachusetts at that day. It was in March, 1847,
that the General Assembly of Virginia warned its
sister slaveholding States that, in a certain emer-
gency—we all know how near it may be—it would
be their duly, as they valued their deaiest privi-
leges, to take firm, united, and concerted action.
Mr. President, where are we? Whither are we
tending? I think I know where we are; but who
can tell whither we are going r I have neither the
will nor the power to draw the curtain which"veils
the future. X shall endeavor to discharge the du-
ties of to-day, and to look for consequences to-
morrow, well knowing that <4 there is a destiny
which shapes our ends, rough-hew them how we
may." It is enough for me to know that I am
pursuing the path marked out for me by my State.
Where she leads I will follow, wherever it may
carry me. One thing I know and gratefully ac-
knowledge: I know it to be her purpose to protect
the rights of her sons by all the means in her power.
She has said it, and shall she not do it ? There is
no true son of hers who would not bow his head
in shame if he believed that she would not make
good her word to the full extent of her ability. It
is neither for individuals nor States to command
success; but it depends upon themselves to pursue
the path of honor, wheresoever it may lead. Some
things they will thus certainly secure. They will
secure their self-respect and reputation: these are
the priceless possessions which I understand my
native State to promise to defend at all hazards,
