1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
445.
an 18-pounder. They are required by their con-
tract to be capable of being converted into steam-
ers of war of the first class—and-steamers of war
of the first class which will carry a gun, and sev-
eral guns which will emit a ball of 100 lbs. in
weight; yes, sir, 100 lbs. in weight. Yet these
steamers, some of them, I am given to understand,
reeled and staggered under an 18-pounder, and had
to send word to the .Government that they could
not carry anything bigger than a 12-pounder.
Now, how could it have borne the jar of a 48-
pounder discharged on its deck? The contract,
sir, is violated, but where is your remedy? You
have none. The Postmaster General, in his re-
fiort, informs you that the contract of the Bremen
ine, I believe, has been violated,.and he advises
you to ratify the violation.
So much, then, for these ocean steamers for the
present. I am in search of some other informa-
tion, which I shall introduce to the public some
day hence, when another subject shall be up for
our consideration.
Something was said the other day, sir, in regard
to the newspaper press. The Senator from Con-
necticut seemed to labor to convey ihe impression
. that I wanted to take the public press of the coun-
try under the care and keeping of the Government.
When I asked him, sir, if he charged me with
having said so, he said No, but that he had a right
to infer it. Perhaps a man may have a right to
infer something from a proposition; but he has no
right to infer an absurdity—none whatever. The
Senator who has voted to foster this ocean mail-
, route system, likewise votes to foster New England
manufactures. He votes to waste the puhjic money
on ocean mail-routes, and then he votes to collect
it through the instrumentality of a high and ex-
ceedingly oppressive tariff.
Now, these are facts which he cannot deny, for
he not only voted lor them, but ferociously assailed
the Democratic party in the debate of 1846. Yes,
sir, he ferociously assailed the Democratic party,
and tried to bring it into disrepute. He assailed
every public man associated with that party, and
he spoke, sir, with a bitterness and a venom that
I never heard any man who calls himself a Whig,
on that side of the Chamber, employ against the
Democratic party. No, sir, u#der the pretext of
diffeiing with the party on that one ground, he lets
loose, in a full flpod of his overbuidened heart, his
displeasure, not to call it malignity, towards the
' whole Democratic party. No wonder, then, that
1 should come in for a part of his displeasure. No
wonder! No, sir; and it is with no regret that 1
■ do. I shall always be proud of the malice of a
man who is the enemy of the Democratic party.
I shall triumph in knowing that 1 am the object of
assault by the enemies of my party; and no mat-
ter from whom that assault comes, whether from a
man who acts under the influence of a public.mo-
tive or a private one—whether he be a Senator
prompted by high consiclerations, or a hireling in
the service of & job-making; corporation, it makes
no difference to me, sir; 1 shall be proud of his
malignity.
' 1 look upon the newspapers.of this country as
the great book of the people. I look upon them
as the great medium of communication, without
which public liberty itself could not subsist, and I
hold it to be ill-becoming in us, who stand m a
representative character, to withhold any means
that shall increase the opportunities of the people
«to look upon and investigate our conduct. It is for
these high political reasons that I stand up here and
claim, not that the Government shall take under
its care a particular body of men, but that it shall
seek, by every reasonable means in its power, to ,
diiTuse intelligence among the masses, i said before, j
and I repeat it, I do not like to see a burden placed |
Upon newspaper publishers or readers. Nearly all j
the mails which come within the influence of this I
amendment pass across roads made by the local
population of the neighborhood, and are kept in
order by them, while the Government use them
without making any remuneration whatever. I
say, then, that this is a full equivalent—an ample
equivalent—for this little exemption from taxes of
the all important article of popular intelligence.
Sir, with reference to these mail steamers, I
Jtnow full well, and at the time of their inception
1 was convincfd that, get this Government once
engaged in carrying on this system of ocean mail
routes, it will be next to an impossibility to disen-
gage her. When the system was first started I
knew it would run into these extremes; and we
-have at this very Congress petitions presented for
enough more of these irfail routes to consume five
miiliorisof dollars perannum. They'have assumed
an organized form;jobbing has become systematic.
There are two Legislatures in session in this Capi-
tol—a Congress within and a Congress without.
There is in this city an outside Congress, where
these jobs are legislated into shape, anil we do very
little more than to write approved, and pass them.
1 knew tt would come to this, sir. It is inherent
m the very nature of the thing. The fact is, sir,
the-public treasury is regarded as a vast fund of
money open to peculation—a regular gold mine.
Let it be known that there is an immense fund of
money collected anywhere—>as, for instance, in the
case of the Girard will—and see how men will "go
to work and plan and scheme to appropriate a por-
tion of it to themselves. The public treasury is a
great fund that is known by everybody.to exist;
and it is known also, that there aie ceitain ways
of getting into it, and men go to work to find out
those ways. They go hard to work, sir. Sharp-
sighted men—intelligent men—men of fine address
—men who can invent very plausible reasons tor
seeking this private benefit—go to work and plan
to get possession of the public money.
And thus it is, sir, they got up originally, and
have fostered it ever since, tlus tremendous system
of mail steamers, which, if not checked tn us prog-
ress, will cost mine money to carry it on, in twenty
years from this day, than all the other expenses of
the Government put together. I know, sir, that in
opposing incorporated establishments of this kind,
a single individual will be prostrated if their as-
saults, or the assaults of their hirelings, can pros-
trate him. They will have him attacked, and he
will be prostrated if he do not stand upon some
broad and ever-enduring foundation. 1 know too,
sir, what I am about, when 1 plant myself upon
the internal post office establishment in order to
break up this system. Sir, I will arouse the pub-
lic attention to this subject. I will show the coun-
try by whom and in what manner these leaks were
sprung in the public treasury; and how these in-
corporated gentlemen, under the pretext of carry-
ing the mail out of our country, have contrived to
get thirteen hundred thousand dollars per annum
paid to them for nothing, absolutely nothing. 1
will arouse the countiy to a knowledge of the tacts
which ate too plainly evidenced around us every-
where. 1 will point them to the fact ol post offices
being discontinued because there is not a sufficient
compensation awarded to support them. 1 will
point them to the fact-, that mail routes have been
reduced in their regular transits from three times to
once per week, because they do not make enough
to keep them. And all this at a period when we
are paying more than one-halfof what it would
cost to keep up the whole internal tiansportayon
of our mails to five incorporated companies to carry
five mails between two ports in the United Stales
and four foreign ports. I have got a foundation,
sir, that none of these monopolies can shake from
under me; and whether or riot my political life be
long or short, 1 shall bear with me a consciousness
that I have cast a new element into the public mind
lhat will work out its beneficial elfects long after I
have retired from these legislative halls. - 1 am [
standing upon the broad loundation, sir, of the
rights and interests of the many, against the dec-
larations of the cormorant mcoipoiaied few; and
it is standing upon this broad foundation, sir, that
I feel myself strong enough to defy all jobbers, and
all the hirelings ot jobbers.
Mr. N1LES. I do not know that it is neces-
sary that 1 should say anything in reply to what
has just been stated by the Senator from Ofiio;
nevertheless, I feel it incumbent on me to oiler a
few remarks in reply. The Senator from Ohio
appears, from what has fallen from his lips, to
have a great mission, and that mission is to infuse
new elements into the public mind. That is just
what 1 stated the other day in reference to ins
speech in 184(j; and I now renew that statement
by saying that these mail lines, in part, were the
fruits of that element he had infused into the pub-
he mind. What may be the fruits of these new
elements which he proposes to incorporate into
the public mind, time alone can disclose; but,when
they come forth, the honorable Senator from Ohio,
J hope, will not exhibit himself in the attitude he
has upon this occasion, in respect to a former
project; that is, 1 hope be will not be found back-
ing out from or disclaiming the results proceeding
from elements of his own'creation. I hope he
will stand up to the line of flfty-four-forty, and'say'
to the country, right or wrong, 1 am thd man who
is responsible.
In regard to this assault upon the policy of es-
tablishing these lines, I do not intend at present to
occupy time in repelling it. The Senator is mis*
taken m assuming that I have undertaken the
defence of this policy in my speech the other day;
I did not consider it the occasion for that. My
speech was a mere argumenlum ad hominem—an
argument addressed to, the Senator, and derivm"
its force from -his course. I did not undertake a
defence of the policy, though! have supported it
to a certain extent on another occasion, and svhen
it properly comes up, shall do so again. But I
submit whether it is not extremely becoming and
extremely modest- in the Senator from Ohio to
bring forward a sort of bill of indictment, not only,
against the present Congress, but against the'two
preceding Congresses? Whether the bill be wise
or not in its purposes, it has had the sanction of
three Congresses. It is five years since the sub-
ject came before Congress. These Congresses
have sanctioned the bills after a full consideration
of their merits. I would say, in reference to the
| act of 1845, that I was responsible in no degree for
us passage. I was on the committee as a mem-
ber, but knew nothing about that bill. It was not
discussed by the committee. The chairman had
my consent, with others of the committee, to re-
port the bill, and I supposed it would bectebated
in the Senate. But no debate upon its merits took
place, and it passed without much consideration.
The subject was discussed in 1846, but -only in
reference to the particular routes for which the bill
contained appropriations, and I supported it. I
hold myself responsible only so far as those two
lines are concerned. This-policy, which has re-
ceived the sanction of three different-Congresses,
is now denounced by the Senator from' Ohio as
monstrous—as the work of jobbers—and as a mere
excuse for squandering a million and a half of the
public money, without a dollar in return coming
into the treasury—without any benefits to the
country whatever. My argument, in which I was
not very serious, went no further than this; lhat
it was not for the Senator to denounce this policy.
The Senator has treated it as a serious matter, and
I am willing to meet him on that ground. 1 find
there is more in the positions 1 took than I then
suspected there was.
But the Senator is not to escape by referring to
dates, as I must remind him of a certain other
speech he made with reference to the policy of a
war with England. The war spirit created in the
country did not originate with his resolution in
respect to the Oregon controversy. The Senator
knows very well that in offering that resolution
he was but following up what-was begun more
than a year before. Oregon and Texas was the
great issue that brought this Administralion into
power. At that very session (that o£ 1845) Oiegon'
and Texas were the great issues before Congress
and the country, and the policy of this Adminis-
tration prior to its advent was settled in reference
to all these great questions. And m 1845, although
the present President had not yet taken his seat,
yet his friends had a majority here, and the meas-
ures were matured for the action of the incoming
Administration. Texas was a leading measure at
that time, and was not the policy of England in-
volved in that question ? That question was car-
ried through Congress, and was accomplished, in
some degree, by the allegations of the grasping
designs and aggressive policy of the British Gov-
ernment. And upon that question the .Senator
from Ohio, instead of discussing any particular
pointinvolved in the question of annexation, spoke
for upwards of an hour in pointing out and en-
iaigmg on the aggressive policy of England; tra-
cing her aggressions from an early period in her
history to that time, and coming to the conclusion
that the United Stales would not be safe in her
commercial or navigating interests until England
was checked in her aggressive career.
Then I think we had a speech from the honor-
able Senator tending to the same result as that at
the next session—to prepare the minds of the whole
country foi; a war with England, for the purpose
of checking her career of conquest and aggiession,
which had disturbed the peace of the world and
extended.her trade and commerce, by violence,
