1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL: mjME.
of generations yet to come, I certainly shall not
shrink from thf task.
There is my friend from Ohio on the other side
of the Chamber who has also performed memora-
ble feats upon the battle-fields of his State. Why,
sir, Ohio has been the Flanders of this country
in the wars which have been- carried on for the
last twenty years. Many and desperate have been
the battle-field3 there, and many and desperate
have been the" battles fought upon those fields.
[Laughter.] And I believe both,of the'honorable
Senators who now represent that Stat6 in this
body have been field marshals in those wars.
[Renewed laughter.] Those were terrible wars,,
and, of course, the glory accruing to those who
bore a conspicuous part in them, whose g^fflius
and valor carried them ana theirparty triumphant
through those fearful contests, is proportionately
enhanced. Those were terrible wars, where men
matched deliberately forth,and with"a self-devotion
scarcely paralleled in the world's history,exposed
themselves to all the danger^, fearful as they were,
of those conflicts, where man met man front to
front, assaulting and assaulted with that terrible
instrument, the sword of the tongue. [Laughter.]
These campaigns were greater th^n those ot Han-
nibal, the D&ke of Marlborough, Prince Eugene,
Bonaparte, or Marshal Villiers, because they re-
late to the conquest of mind over mind. What
more sublime contests, can there be than these?
The history of these campaigns should be written.
They enter largely into the history of the country
in which these honorable Senators have acted so
distinguished a part, and justice to them, as well
.as justice to the country and the world, demands
that a faithful account of the heroic deeds enacled
by my honorable friends during those terrible wars
shall be recorded for the benefit of posterity.
Again, Mr. President, I might find something
worthy of my pen in the^more recent events which
have transpired around us, and-in which my hon-
orable friend [Mr. Allen] has acted a prominent
part. I might, if 1 should feel so disposed, give a
graphic account of what might be called the He-
gira of 1848," or the " Flight of the prophet and
his fricrnis," who fled to Mecca, stopped on then-
way tlnther at Gotham, and' proclaimed a new
creed of political faith put forth ill a celebrated de-
creeknown as the <£ Nicholson letter." ihat nar-
ration, I think, would be of interest to the coun-
try. My friend, who was the mouthpiece ol the
mission, proclaimed this new doctrine to the Goth-
amites, who are great heretics and Barnburners*,
and he declared not exactly "Great is Allah, and
Mahomet is his prophet," but he proclaimed,
"Great is Democracy and General"—no matter
what General—" is his prophet."
And what did the people say in response to this t
Why, sir, they listened, but, as I have been in-
formed, the result was pretty much the same as
when Richard HI. sent out Buckingham to pro-
claim him king, except that Buckingham-managed
the affair-a little better than did my friend from
Ohio. Buckingham took out some of his own re-
tainers, and scattered them around among the
crowd, and when he proclaimed Richard idig,^
these retainers hurrahed and cried out at the top of
their voices " God save King Richard !" and that
made a very respectable showing, but the people
said nothing. When Buckingham made his report
to Richard, the latter wanted to know what the
people said. Buckingham replied tiiat the men he
took out wilh him shouted "God save King Rich-
ard !" Butimnatiently demanded Richard, " VV hat
did the people say?" "Not a word," answered
Buckingham; " the citizens are mum. ' Tnere
was no response in that case except from the lured
retaineis, and 1 believe-on the occasion in which
my friend from Ohio acted the pait of Buchmgham
there was no response at all, lie not having taken
the precaution which his great prototype did, to
mix in among the crowd some of tne faithful
Hunkers to raise a shout of applause.
But, not discouraged by then* poor success at
Gotham, they went oh to headquaiters, and under-
took to make the same proclamation theie. Ihey
got up all immense concourse at iVledma, or Al-
bany, or some point near the termination of this
flight, where again the honorable Senator from
Ohio 'was the mouthpiece to proclaim this new
creed, put forth in that new decree called the .Nich-
olson letter. On that occasion the honoiable sen-
ator, I believe, went back a great ways, and
entered into a profound historical argument,
in which he attempted to explain. to the people
the origin of the- two great parties of this coun-
try: , -He went bac)c, I believe, as far as the "time
of .the formation of the- Constitution, and com-
menced tracing the course of events down to the
present day, raking up, describing, and analyzing
all the old party schemes and measures, and-show?
ing the positions of all parties on all subjects, from
the time that the political elements of the country
first began to take on the form and name of parties
down to the very moment at which he was then
speaking. The people listened to the honorable
gentleman's arguments and historical reminiscen-
ces with admirable patience for some time, but at
last they bee.ame wearied, arid several voices were
heard crying out, " These are old subjects; we have
heard them discussed many times; we do not care
about them; what have you got. to say about the
proviso?" There was no response to that question.
The honorable gentleman, with the most stoical
indifference, proceeded, and, without seeming to
heed the " expressed will of the people," continued
to trace matters along down, showing what had
been the position of such a party at such a time,
and what had been the position of such and such
individuals at such and such times; overhauling
the United States Bank question, rearguing the
subtreasury scheme, extolling the Mexican war
and tfie acts of the Admunstiation, till, at last, the
people would stand it no longer, and they cried out-
agam, "These are stale matters; what have you to
say on the question of the proviso?" [Laughter.]
Still there was no response to this very reasonable
inquiry. Then there was a remark made by some
one, " Jackson we know, afid Van Buren we know;
but who are ye?" [Renewed laughter.] This
occasioned a general- shout and brought? matters
pietty much to a close, and the affair was termina-
ted in this lame and impotent manner. The peo-
ple did nourecogmze the mission or the doctrines
of my honorable friend. Tliey were heretics, and
had not become indoctrinated into the faith of this
new creed, which had been set up by this new
piophet, and therefore did they bring matters to
this sudden and shameful termination.
Mr. President, these matters will come out
among us, and they should be recorded. They
enter into the history of our country, and I hope
somebody will pay attention to them. Although
I do not pledge myself to attend to these matters,
yet, if no one else appears who will do justice to
them, and to the honorable Senator from Ohio, 1
rise to declare that 1 think it will be done, because
I think justice should be done to every one. 1
think that was a gieat move on the part of the
Senator from Ohio, although, unfortunately for
him, it proved a complete failure. All great men
fail in some things. All their objects may not be
accomplished, but doubtless they have important
consequences in some way; and 1 think there have
been and will be important consequences to the
whole country from that and other movements of
the Senator from Ohio. 1 am induced to believe
this, because I Miink they have most unquestion-
ably proved that there aie some things that cannot
be carried out and crammed down the throats of
the people, no matter by whom they may have
been originated, nor by whom they may be advo-
cated. These movements have proved that there
are portions of all paities that look to something |
more than the mere name of party, and who, when ]
they ace called upon to give their support to doc- ;
trmes that come directly in conflict wuh their long- j
established tenets and opinions, will resist, and I
that, no matter what influences may be brought to
bear upon them. And I think tins spirit of iesist-
ance should be encouraged. It is a conservative
influence for the maintenance of principles in all
parties.
It is not necessary to go further in,to this matter.
I did not intend to go into it at any length, but
just to prepare the public mind for the reception of
the important docuinenis which will be given to
the country when the history of all theie move-
ments ot* my honorable fnend shall be written.
When that History is written, and all the consc-
quencSs'which have resulttd fiom the movements
of my friend are pointed out, I tiust that the posi-
tion that 1 have taken will be triumphantly sus-
tained, and paiticulaily thatfiom these consequen-
ces have originated these mail hues of steameis.
Mr. PEARGE. The pending amendment, I
believe, is that offered by the Senator from Flor-
ida.
PR ESI DING OFFICER. By the Senator front
Pennsylvania. .. - .
Mr. PEARCE. I am opposed to the bill, and
still more opposed to the amendment. , I think the
proviso, as it stands, is a departure from the gen-
eral principle of the bill,-and-that-the bill would
be more consistent with itsfelf if the proviso were
stricken out._ The object of the bill is. to secure
cheap postage and uniform rates.. It lightens tKe.,
labor of the post office, and reduCM the charge on
newspapers as well as on letters; and I thjfm that
allowing newspapers to go free for thittyjiClesfrom
the glace of publication is unjust, althcVfh it be, as .
has been urged, an encouragement to the locat
press, or rather an inducement to those who live
within thirty miles to subscribe for the paper. It
is an advantage", undoubtedly, to the people who
reside within thirty miles'of the place of publica-
tion of the newspaper, and it will be more.espe-
cially advantageous to those who reside within
thirty miles of populous cities, but it can be of no
advantage to any department of this Government.
It is a benefit conferred upon a certain portion of
the people, and upon a portion who have no claim
to especial benefit. I do not think it is necessary
to sustain the local press of the country in this
way. I believe that press was sustained quite
as well before any legislation took place upon the
subject, which did not occur, i believe, until 1845;
and the press flourished previous.to any legislative
bounty of this sort being conferred upon it as well
as it lias ever done since. I think, loo, that we
extend benefits enough to the press when we au-
thorize their exchange papers to be delivered free
of postage. That is no small benefit, and it is a
considerable loss to the Government. I see no
good reason for extending the gratuity, for it is
manifestly partial in its operation, and .therefore
unjust, l had hoped that the amendment would
not prevail; and, if no one else makes the motion,
I will move that the proviso be stricken out, for !
think it is decidedly better that we should have
uniform rates of postage, applying as well to news-
papers as to letteis, otherwise its operation must
be unequal and unjust.
Mr. DICKINSON. In answer to the suggestion
of the Senator from Maryland [Mr. Pearce] that
the proposed amendment, allowing a free circula-
tion of papers throughout the county where pub-
lished, or for thirty miles, would be partial and
unequal, I should be glad to be informed what
portion of the whole post-office system does- not,
to some extent, operate partially and unequally.
I am one of those who regard the exercise of this
function by'Government as arbitrary and officious,
and withal unnecessary; and I believe there are
now full-grown men within the hearing of my
voice who will live to see the whole post office
system, as at present conducted by Government,
superseded by one more cheap, safe, and efficient,
regulated by free competition, and conducted by
private enterprise. And when the new sections
of the country are more fully settled, it will cer-
tainly be adopted. The amendment under consid-
eration is, to be sure, partial in one sense, but it
in fact is an approach to impartiality and justice,
as nearly as may be, in a system where, from the
very natuie of the case, perfect equality is impos-
sible. There is good reason for ihe discrimination
which the amendment seeKs. The small country
sheet ought not to pay the same postage as the
heavy commercial sheet of the large cities. One
is taken by merchants and others in cities and vil- „
lages; the other by those in humble circumstances
beyond the hills and the mountains. One is sought
for its commercial news—to learn the rates of the
stock-exhange and the state of the maikets; the
other mainly for its fund of miscellaneous intelli-
gence and instructing reading matter, and serves
as-a school for children and a circulating library
for the neighborhood. Besides, since the country
has been checkered with railroads and traversed by
steam conveyances, and the improvements in ma-
chinery introduced inlo the large priming eaiub-
lishments, the local press, unaided by large cir-
culation and cotnmeicial advertisements, cannot
compete with that of the cities. It brings steam
and sinews' in competition, and the first must tri-
umph. The daily papers of the cmes, at the close
of the week, throw together selected 21 tides from
their daily editions, and print a weekly issue,
which they sow broadcast throughout the couih
try at a price lower by half than a local paper
1 can possibly be afforded, Hut this issue is maejj
