THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE C IT Y OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
30th Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1849.
New Series No. 29.-
say. His resolution called for a correct copy of the j
treaty. He had good reason to believe that the j
paper he had before him was a copy of the original
treaty.
The first guarantee in the protocol referred to an
amendment of the Senate to the ninth article of the
original treaty. He begged leave to call the atten-
tion of gentlemen to the words of the ninth article
of the original treaty, as he had it before him:
"The Mexicans who,'in the teiriforiesaforesaid,shall not
preserve the character of citizens of the Mexican Republic,
conformably with what is stipulated in the preceding article;,
shall be incorporated into die Union of the United States,
and admitted as soon as possible, according to the principles
of the Federal Constitution, to the enjoyment of all the
rights of citizens of the United States, [n the mean time,
they shall be maintained and protected in the enjoyment of
their liberty, their property, and the civil right? now vested
in them according to the Mexican laws. With respect to
political right*, their condition shall he on an equality with
that ofthe inhabitant* of the other Ten i lories of the United
States, and at lea«t equally good as that of the inhabitants
of Louisiana and the Florida®, when thpee provinces, by
transfer from the French Republic and the Crown of Spain,
became territories ofthe United States.
"The same most ample guarantee shall be enjoyed by all
ecclesiastics and religious coi porations or communities, as
well in the discharge ofthe oflicesvof their ministry as in the
enjoyment of their property of every kind, whether individ-
ual or corporate. This guarantee shall embrace all temples,
houses, and edifices dedicated to the Roman Catholic wor-
ship, a* well as ail propertyde-tined to its support, or to that
of school*, hospitals, and other foundations for charitable or
beneficent purposes. No propoity of tins nature shall be
con^i Jered as having become the property of the American
Government, or as subject to be by it disposed of, or di-
verted to other uses.
" Finally, the relations and communication between the
Catholics living in the teiritories aforesaid, and their re-
spective ecclesiat-tical authoiities, ^hall be open, free, and
exerflpt from all hindrance whatever, even although such
authorities should reside within the limits of the Mexican
Republic, a* defined hy this treaty; and this freedom shall
continue, so long as a new demarcation of ecclesiastical dis-
' triers shall not have been made, conformably with the laws
of the Roman Cathohc church."
That article (Mr. S. continued) was stricken
out by the Senate, and in lieu of it the following
was inserted:
"The Mexicans who, in the territories aforesaid, shall
not preserve the character of citizens of the Mexican Re-
public, conformably with what is stipulated in the preceding
article, shall be incorporated into the Union of the (Jnited
States, and be admitted, at the proper time, (to be judged of
by the Congress of the United States.) to the enjoyment of
all the rights of citizen* of the United State*, according to
the principles of tiie Constitution; and in the mean time
shall be maintained and protected in the free enjoyment of
their liberty and property, and secured in the free excrcise
of their religion, without restriction."
He did not (he proceeded to remark) intend to
gay whether this, as a matter of fact, was or was
not true; whether this ninth article of the treaty,
as ratified by the Senate, was substantially the
same as the original article agreed upon by the
Mexicans: but he did intend to say that the Chief
Executive of the Union, under the Constitution of
this country, had no right—no power—no author-*
ity—either by himself or by his agent, to spy to
another Government what the American Senate
intended. The language of the protocol is:
"That the American Government, by suppressing the
ninth article ofthe treaty of Gaudalupe, and substituting the
third article of the treaty ot Louisiana, did not intend to
diminish in any way what was agreed upon by the aforesaid
article ninth in favor of the inhabitants of the territories
ceded by Mexico. Its understanding is, that all of that
agreement is contained in the third article of the treaty of
Louisiana. In consequence, all the privileges and guaran-
tees, civil, political, and religious, which would have been
possessed by the inhabitants of the ceded territories, if the
ninth article ofthe treaty bad been retained, will be enjoyed
by them, without any difference, under the article which
has been substituted."
How could these commissioners, unless the Sen-
ate empowered them to do so, say what they in-
tended? It was immaterial to him on this point
whether the Senate did barely mean a matter of
form, and not a matter of substance, as to the guar-
antees given to the Mexican Government. The
President had not the right to send a special a ent
to declare that what the Senate did was intention-
ally a matter of form, and not a matter of sub-
stance.
He had before him the votes of the Senate on
this very question. On striking; out the latter
clause of the ninth articieof the original treaty, on
the qaestion, " Shall these words stand as a part
29
of the ninth article?"the vojte stood: Yeas 18, nays
20. He found the name of one these commission-
ers—of whom he did not.intend to speak with' any
disrespect—recorded in favor of retaining these
words. He was one of the eighteen. He (Mr.
S.) found twenty-nine other Senators voting that
these words should not stand. How could the
Executive or his agent undertake to say, that these
Senators who voted that the words should not
stand, did not intend to diminish in any way the
rights guarantied to,the inhabitants of the Terri-
tory? It might be that they did not. But the
American Senate, under the Constitution of the
country, could alone declare to the world what
they intended by striking out these words.
Again: upon a vote to strikeout the other words
of the same article, he found the voteMn favor of
the original words standing sixteen, to thirty-one
against them; that was to say, thetirst words of the
article he had just read. And he found the name
of the same Senator who was subsequently one of
those commissioners recorded in favor of these
words, remaining as part and parcel of the treaty,
against thirty-one who voted against the words so
remaining. He repeated, that the Executive had
no right to say what the Senate of the United
States intended—whether they thought that the
article substituted was equivalent to the one
stricken out.
Again: the second amendment wfcs in the tenth
section of the treaty. What that section was in
the original treaty he was led to infer from the
same source—that was to say, the paper purport-
ing to be a copy of the treaty which was before
him. It was m these words:
"All grants of land made by the Mexican Government, or
bv Jhe competent authorities, in teiritories pieviously apper-
taining to Mexico, and lemaining for the future within the
limits "of the United States, shall be respected a* valid, to
the same extent that the same grants would be \ahd if the
-said territories had remained within the limits of Mexico,
'jjut the grantees of land* rnTexa4-, putin possession thereof,
who, by reason of the circumstances of the country, since
the beginning of the troubles between Texas and thp Mexi-
can Government, may have been prevented from fulfilling
all the conditions of their grants, shall be under the obliga-
tion to fulfill the said conditions wubin the periods limited
in thp same, respeciivelv; such periods to be now counted
from the datp ofthe exchange of ratifications of this treaty:
m default of which, the said grants shall not be obligatory
upon the State of Texas, in virtue of the stipulations con-
tained in this aiticle.
"The foregoing stipulation in regard to grantees of land
m Texas is extended to all grantees of land in the territories
afore% d, pjsewhpre than in Texas, put m possession under
such grants; and, in default of rhe fulfillment of the condi-
tions of any such grant, within the new period, which, as is
above stipulated, "begins with the day of the exchange of
ratifications of this treaty, the same shall be null and void.
" The Mexican Government declares that no grant what-
ever of lands in Texas has been made since the second day
of March, one thousand eight hundred and thirty-six; and
that no grant whatever of lands, in any of the territories
aforesaid Jias been made since the thirteenth day of May,
one thousand eight hundred and forty-six."
This article of the treaty, (Mr. S. proceeded to
remark,) as finally ratified by the Senate, was en-
tirely stricken out. He found in this protocol a
guarantee relating to it, which was in the following
words: ♦
" Conformably to the law of the United States, legitimate
titles to every description of piopcrty, personal and leal, ex-
isting in the ceded teiritorie-', are those which were legiti-
mate titles undei the Mexican law m California and New
Mexico, no to the 13th of May.1845,-and m Texas up to the
2d of March, 18o6."
If (continued Mr. S.) I understand this guaran-
tee, it amounts to this, and to this only—that the
honor and faith of this nation are pledged to make
good all these titles to land in Texas that were
good according to Mexican laws before the 2d of
March, 1836. I do not know much of the char-
acter of these grants, but I know what the Presi-
dent of the United SyUes said about themjn his
message communicating the treaty to the Senate.
I will read that portion of the message to the
House, and I will read what Mr. Buchanan said
on the same point.
The President held this language:
£* To the tenth article of the treaty there are serious ob-
jections, and no instructions given to Mr. Trist contem-
plated or authorized its insertion. Tiie public lands w iiiim
the limits of Texas belong to that State, and this Govern-
ment has no power to dispose of them, or to change the con-
ditions of grants already made. All valid titled to land vviUuu
the other territories ceded to the United States will remain,
unaffected by the change of sovereignty; and I therefoie sub-
mit that this article should not be laufied as a part of the
treaty."
And (said Mr. S.) f think this is the correct
principle. If Texas had confiscated these lands,
and had granted them to her own citizens, the
Government of the United States had no right, by
treaty or otherwise, to render the titles to them
valid.
Mr. Buchanan used the following language:
" To resuscitate such grants, and to aliow tiie grantees
the same period after the exchange of the ratifications of
this treaty, to which they wtre onginally entitii-^d, for the
purpose of performing the conditions on which these giants
had been made, even if this could be accomplished by the
power of the Government ofthe United Slates, would work
manifold injustice.
"These Mexican grants, it is understood, cover nearly
the whole seacoa?-t and a huge portion of the-interior ot
Texas. They embrace thriving villages and a gieat num-
ber of cultivated farms, the piopru tors of which bave'ac--
quired thf m honestly by purchase from the State ot Texas.
These propiutois a«e now dwelling in peace and seeunty.
To levive dead titles, and suffer the inhabitants of Texas to
be ejected under them iioin their possessions, would be an
act oi flagrant injustice, if not wanton cruelty. Fmtunately,
this Government possesses no power to auopt such a pro-
ceeding."
The protocol (continued Mr. S.) purports to
give an assurance to the Mexican Government
that all the grants of land in Texas which were
good on the 2d of March, 1836, should be good,
and would be acknowledged by the American Gov-
ernment, notwithstanding such appropriation, or
confiscation, or sequestration by Texas.
Now, (continued Mr. S.,) what I mean to assert
is, that- the President has not the power thus to
bind us by treaty, although he himself might se-
crete, and hide, and keep dark his instructions, so
as to keep them from Congress, and then proclaim
a treaty, thus obtained hy fraud, as .the supreme
law of the land, which we are bound to obey. I
say he had no power to do it, and I shall never
recognize it. Hence the House will see the im-
portance of 'this inquiry, and will see how far the
honor of this nation may be implicated by this
nefarious transaction.
The last material point to which I will call the
attention of the House, is the thiid guarantee given
in this protocol. It is m the following words:
"3d. The Government of the United States, by suppressing
the concluding paragraph of article twelfth of the treaiy,
did not intend to deprive the Mexican Republic of the free
and unrestiauied faculty of ceding, conveying, or tian^fer-
ring, at any time, (as it may judge best.) the >um of twelve
millions of dollar.-, which the same Government of the
United States is to deliver in the places designated by the
amended article."
Now, I call the attention of the House to the
concluding words of the twelfth article of the
treaty, which are as follows:
"Certificates m proper foim for the said instalments re-
spectively, in suon sums as shall be desued by the Mexican
Government, and transferable by it, shall be delivered to (he
said Government by that of the United States."
It will thus be seen, (continued Mr. S.,) that
under the twelfth article of the original treaty, it
was stipulated that certificates for instalments of
the twelve millions of dollars should be given, and
should be made transferable. The Senate of the
United States had struck it out. The American
commissioners, in this protocol, had undertaken
tossay, that by so doing, the Government of the
United States did not intend to deprive Mexico of
the power of transferring, conveying, or assigning
the debt of the United States.
Now, I raise the same question on this point
that I raise upon all others. The American Sen-
ate, after full investigation, did solemnly strike out
that clause "of tiie twelfth article; and, to my
mind, there was abundantly good reason for doing
so. By issuing stock transferable, the Mexican
Government could throw it into market, and thus
raise money to carry on the war. I believe that
the American Senate did strike out the clause
for that very reason. They intended, by striking
out, to hold the Mexicans in bonds to keep the
peace. But the American commissioners have
stated that this amendment did not thus intend to
deprive the Mexican Government of the power of
transferring the claim.
From whtat I have said, the House will judge of
