1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
451
ratified bv the Mexican Government. There was
none at at!.
Let him proceed, then, to anothpr point. The
first article of the protocol was in regard to the
propelty of the church. Now, he presumed, as
was stated in Mr. Buchanan's letter, they would
all agree that the property'of the churches oP the
country, acquired, of every denomination, whether
Catholic or Protestant, should be held as sacred as
that of individuals-, and it was folly, it was non-
sense—if he might be allowed to use so strong
terms, which he did without intending any disre-
spect—to attempt to make the country believe, that
by a treaty between the United States and Mexico
the United States bad attempted to abrogate or
annul any of the rights of property of the churchcs,
or of any individual of that country. That pro-
vision of the treaty was amended, as Mr. Buchanan
stated 111 his letter to the Mexican Minister of
Foreign Affairs, with a view to avoid the prolixity
of the original article of the treaty, and with a
view to bring it under the plain precedent of the
treaty by which we acquired Louisiana ond Flori-
da; yet the Government here believed, as he (Mr.
H.) beliced, and as lie thought every member of
this House must believe, as soon as he examined
the papers, that there was a substantial conformity
ihro'-tghout this entue articic of the treaty with the
protocol.
Mr. GRISFIELD ^the floor having been yielded
for explanation) said the gentleman from Alabama
seemed to be endeavoring to-siiow that the proto-
col conformed to the treaty. The point in issue
was, whether the commissioners, either with or
without the authority of the President, attempted
to give a construction to the treaty which ingrafted
new conditions upon it, after it had been ratified
on our part. Was the protocol genuine or sub-
stantially so' Was there any such paper as it
puipoited to be? Will the gentleman inform the
blouse r
Mr. HOUSTON resumed. Ffe^would read an
extract from the letter of Mr. Buchanan, on the
point on which he was speaking when he was in-
terrupted by the gentleman from Maryland:
"Under these treaties with Fiance and Spam, the fsce
an<i fio'ns>liius Suites of Loui-iana, Missouri, Arkansas
Iowa, ami Florida, have been udm'Ued into the Ciiion : and
nn cninrs? n >«- ha* ever been made by thu ontrtna' or other
inhabit into that then civil or relsgt^a* rujhts have no* boon
*«urip!v protected. The propem to the difiViCt
chur<>^ m Hie United States i< h< id a-. caeied by o>v Con-
stitution and law? a= the [>iojRjrry oi indnsdiM]?: and every
individual enjoys the iiiahen.'Me uchtnt" wia* [norms? h?<
God according "to the dictates <>t nis <«v. n eonv leneo. The
Caiholic chmch tn this country wouM not. n'Ihey coukI,
change their position in this paiticuiur.5'
There was what Mr. Buchanan s*iJ to the Mcx-
lean Government; there was the information; there
were the data which that Government had before
them, upon which they were either to ratiiy or to
reiect the provisions of this treaty.
'Now, as to the last point stated in the protocol,
he believed he could answei the objections which
were made to it, by reading a paragraph fiom the
same iettcr:
"It i a not apprehended that the Me\ican Government will
have any difficulty in agreeing to Hms amendment. It it-
true, that in case iftej should find uconvenient to an :cprt"
the lecclptcf the whole or any pait of the .S'ISjO'.O.OOO, they
do'this more readily were a stock to he created, and
tian^ieiabie ceinuoari's issued for small and convenient
sum--; hut-yet no doubt ia entertained that capifahM* mnv
be found \vho will be wilinc to ndvance a^y amount thai
m'i<rlit be d*->ued, upon tlie'faith of a treaty obligation -o!-
f-jjiilv enteud into' hj the Government oi uic United
Stales.'-'
>J"ow the protocol, although a little variant in
its phraseology from the letter of Mr. Buchanan,
contained precisely the substance of what the
treaty contained, and of what they knew to be the
• law of the case arising under that provision of tjie
treaty. Was it possible that gentlemen could
gravely contend for the doctrine, that this Govern-
ment intended to say to Mexico that she should
not raise tuonov upon the obligation that arose m
her favor and against us under the treaty? ^Was not
the money due her undei the treaty—^i>,000,0u0
to be paid upon the ratification of thcvtrcaty, and
the Ualance in instalments of ^3,000,QUO annually
and could not the Mexican Go\ernment fake that
obligation and hypothecate if, regardless of any
provision, of any restriction by whjch the treaty^
might have attempted to prevent the tr^nsier of
the obligation? It would not do to advocate a doc-
trine so untenable as that an individual, who held
a claim upon another, might not pledge, or hy-
pothecate it in order to raise funds to be used as
he might see fit. He concurred with the gentle-
man that the action of the Senate was intended to
throw as much restriction around the transfer of i
that debt as they could; but it was not possible to J
deprive the Mexican Government of that right, !
which could not be detached from an obligation of
this character, viz: to hypothecate it at any time.
Mr. STEPHENS interrupted, and (the floor
being yielded) inquired of the gentleman whether,
if anTinstrument, negotiable, such as a promissory
note, should be altered so as to restrict its negotia-
bility, he would consider such alteration matter of
form or of substance?
Mr. HOUSTON replied, that that question had
nothing in the world to do with the c?se before
them—m no particular. There were no certificates
issued in this case, no bond*?, no obligations—
there was nothing on the face of this treaty which
gave the character of negotiability to the obliga-
tion, or which authorized its transfer. The Gov-
ernment of the Un'tcd States was indebted, after :
the ratification of the treaty and the payment of
the $3,000,(500 at that time, to the amount of |
$12,000,000; and all the Mexican Government had '
to do was to take the treaty, which showed that ;
, indebtedness, and hypothecate the debt shown by
1 it to he due, in order to raise its funds, 'f it desired,
j He knesv, if a negotiable instrument wa« altered
! after it was put in circulation, the alteration dc-
, stroyed the validity of the instrument. It was an
alteration winch went to the substance of the m-
' s'rument, and therefore destroyed it. Put this
' was not the case here. There were no certificates
or bonds issued by the Government; there was
| nothing but the treaty which showed the indebted-
. ness of our Government'; and the commissioners
' of the United StAtes said nothing in this protocol—
I if it was the fact that such a protocol had been
; made—which conflicted with the les:al rights of
! Mexico arising under the treaty. The Govern-
i ment of the United States could not expect to be
! able to prevent the Government of Mexico from
i hypothecating that indebtedness, and raising such
i funds as they might upon it, although the Atneri-
! can Senate intended, as far as possible, to re-
strict its negotiability, by refusing to k<Hie certifi-
cates of indebtedness transferable according to the
ordinary legal rules of tionsfer. That wp«3 what
the American Senate intended to do; rnd the pro-
tocol of the commissioners did not at ail contra-
. vene the spirit, or the very ]et?er, of the>article of
the treaty as in?eited by the Senate of ine United
: States.
! But there was another tlilns: rehire to this
' treaty, and to this protocol. The country was
informed by the documents (which he had le.me
him) which accompanied the treaty, \yhen the two
Houses of Congress were notified of .'ts ratifica-
tion as amended, that the treaty, as amended, was
ratified before this protocol was entered i;Uo,_or
! even before the conversations took place which
I were reduced to writing in the form of a protocol.
He
Ann.>i,
but to e*:-
the fairness which he would netk to r.-mke the
country believe actuated him in this ir.aiter, did
not state to the House that this piotocoi vvrs ca-
tered into after the tieaty wan raiiSed by the Mex-
ican Congress?
Here was an extrvt of the letter ef "Vicars.
Sevier and Clifford to Mr. P,;ic>a;ian, iiatc-u
•• City o> qx'ltvrauo, }
JT<r> -r. h'J 0\iu :<t. )
"Sia. YVo have the to 1-imrpi \ou th.it we
r°.'5cbed th;- <*itv this a'tei noon ,\t about fiv e o'clock. and 5hat
tho Uoaty. a< tujierii^'a the into oi' tlie h ii'tPd ' '
pa^.'ri tile Mexican boia'n ab.MU i\\r horn of on.
by a \ ots' of tlcrrv tin c-j to It navna
Ww Hou^o of 1-. putie^j notliinc now n
chaise tli^ ral'-t'-auon< of the treaty.
This letter (said 7\lr. IT.^was dated _£'5ih May,
1S4S. and the piotocol was dated ^6lii Alay, ld4S.
Hruv was it, then, that this alleged fraud had been
practised upon the Government of Mexico : how
had anything been done which w?s_ m tiie Itast
exceptionable towauls jXisxico^ H^re was tne
; treaty, wiiich was fornied by the two Gc-verments,
| amended by the American Senate, and sentj'dok,
and.these amendments concurred in by the .Uexi-
, can Congress, before any conversation e\cr took
1 place between the commissioners ol tins country
and the Mcxican minister.
: Mr. STEPHENS wished to exph-.im
| Mr. HOUSTON said he had been interrupted
i pretty often, but he would yield.
Mr. STEPHE3NS said he was very familiar
with the letter to which the gentleman now aliuded.
It was true, the treaty had pSssed both Houses of
the Mexican Congress before the date of the pro-
cotol, but the Executive, he apprehended, was a
part of the Government of Mexico, and an import-
ant part; and if the Executive, through his minis-
ter-, refused to sanction the treaty, it was no treaty,
it was not ratified. The House and the Senate
might have agreed to the amendments, but if the
President did not give his consent until assurance
was given him by this procotol, it was m vain for
' the gentleman to say that the procotol was dated
after the amendments of the treaty were agreed to
by the Mexican Congress.
Mr. ASHMUN* Will the gentleman from Al-
abama allow me to say one word5
Mr. HOUSTON, after a word of conversation,
: yielded.
] Mr. ASHMUN said, the letter of Messrs. Se-
vier and Clifford, announcing the exchange of rat-
ifications of the treaty, was dated 30th May, 1843;
the protocol was dated 26th May, four days befofe
Messrs. Sevier and Clifford wrote to Mr. Buch-
anan, saying: ^
" We have now the satisfaction to announce that the ex
etiansi'? of unifications w .s effected to-day. Sotne delay
otcatrf-d after tho conference, in the preparation of the
Mexican copy oi the treaty. Thai was finally accomplished
within the la'-t "hour, when the oxobans^ of ratifications
was rh;5v man** by ?*!>. I'.o^a, in behalf of the Mexican Gov-
ernment, and ourselves on the part of the United States."
So (said Mr. A.) it seems that this protocol, or
j whatever it was called, was four days before the
1 final ratification and exchange of treaty,
i Mr. HOUSTON continued. That was an un-
important point, but he would refer to it before
he ctoscd his remarks.
i The gentleman tfrom Georgia [\Ir. Stephens]
i said the Congress of Mexico was not the Govern-
; ment of that country. He was aware that it was
1 not exclusively so. But everybody knew who.
; was at all familiar with the constitution of Mex-
' ico that it was very similar to our own. While the
Senate of the United States, acting upon a treaty,
expressed the sense of the country, yet the Presi-
dent of the United States had the formal exchange
of the ratifications. So it was under the Mex-
ican constitution. The two houses of the Mex-
ican Congress were essentially the Government
of that country. They expressed the sense of the
people, the feelings of the constituent body whom
they represented, as our Congress did here; and
when they parsed in favor of a treaty or of any
measure, especially by so overwelming a majority,
everybody knew that no such thing would be
likely to occur as that the President of that Repub-
lic—any more than would our President under
similar circumstances—would attempt to set aside
, the action of the Congress and defeat the measure.
I The letter to which he had called tho attention
; of the House—and which was dated May 25th—
said that it had passed the Senate on that day, and
that it had previously passed the House of Depu-
ties, before our commissioners had grrived atCiuer-
1 etaro,and of course before any conversation could
have been had with any of the members of either
House of the Mexican Congress.
Mr. STEPHENS interposed, and said that he
was very familiar with that letter. But asjie un-
derstood the constitution of Mexico, the treaty
had to be ratii.cd by the Executive as well as by
the two Houses of Congress; and the assurances
in the protocol were given to the minister of the
E\'eenti\e before his consent to Us ratification could
be obtained.
Mr. HOUSTON proceeded. It was true, he
said, that the Mexican constitution assimilated
itself to the Constitution of the United States in
; respect to treaties—the difference being that with
" us the action of the President and the Senate was
, necessaiy to the lo.tification of a treaty, while with
, Mexico "the action of the President and of both
/ Houses was required. And he would ask the
1 gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens.] and
j' would ask this House, whether this pro}ocoi was
! submitted to the Congress of Mexico? If it were
' a materia! part of the treaty, why did^not the Pres-
ident of Mexico submit it to tne Mexican Con-
, gre;;.R_a body that must ratify all treaties, and
! provisions of treaties, before they were carried
1 into efll'Lt* So that this fact showed that Mexico
herself diu not consider it a part of the tieaty; it
i snowed beyond question or cavil tiuv the Presi-
dent of Mexico considered it no part of the treaty;
