452
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 5,
because, if he had done so, he would, under the
Jaws and constitution of his Government, have
been bwund to submit it to Congress for its ratifi-
cation; and as he had not done so, as he had not
even made an effort to do so, it was conclusive evi-
dence that he considered it as no part of the treaty
itself—and it was no part.
The remarks he had made had been rather of a
desultory character. He had not anticipated ad-
dressing the House upon the subject to-day. He
thought that the debate was not altogether in the
best taste, for the very best of reasons—that was to
say, that the House certainly had not before it the
information which it was desirable itshouki possess
before entering upon criminations and recrimina-
tions on a matter of this kind.
JVIr. STEPHENS interposed with a remark or
suggestion not heard by the reporter,
Mr. HOUSTON continued. He would, he said,
again read the passage from the letter of the 25th
of May. [This extract is given in a former part
of the speech ]
'That (Mr. H. continued) was explanatory—
fully so. That was the last act which the Mexi-
can Congress had done in respect to this treaty.
It had never been submitted to them after that,
time. They had done all that they were authorized
to do under the Constitution. They had given life
and vitality to the treaty. And, in the language of
the commissioners, nothing remained to be done
beyond the mere exchange of ratifications. And
oil this took place the day before the protocol bore
date. He desired particularly to fix the attention
of gentlemen on this fact, and therefore he repeated
it. It all totfk place before the commissioners of
this Government had reached the seat of the Mex-
ican Congress. This ratification took place with
almostentire unanimity by the two Houses, before
one word of conversation passed between our com-
missioners and any officer of the Mexican Govern-
ment, or any of Us legitimate agents or representa-
tives^
He believed he had said abontall that he intended
to say upon the main points of this case. He now
desired lo propose an amendment to the resolution
of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens.}
He regretted to hear that gentleman, whose fair-
ness in debate, and whose decorum m legislative
proceedings were' well known on this floor, say
that he intended to insist upon an absolute call
upon the Executive for this information. He (Mr.
H.) submitted that it was not only a violation of
the usual action of Congress in such cases, butthat
there was no necessity for it—none at all. He
Jhope<jl that the gentleman would reconsider his de-
cision, and would submit his resolution in the usual
terms—that was to say, calling for the information
" if not incompatible with the public interests."
Mr. STEPHENS. I state distinctly that I can-
not accept the modification which the gentleman
proposes, for the reason which I stated when I was
addressing the House—that in July of last year,
the instruct ions given to the.se commissioners were
refused. The ^Senate, as I am informed, knew
nothing at all of this protocol.
Mr. HOUSTON*. What was the date of the
call?
Mr. STEPHENS. The 17th of July, 1848,
after the President had issued his proclamation.
The President then refused to furnish the informa-
tion. I am not going to ask him again; but I tell
him, and his friends here, and the country, that if
he does now refuse, I shall move for the appoint-
ment ofa committee of inquiry, with power to send
for persons and papers  -
Mr. HOUSTON, (interposing before the termi-
nation of the sentence.) I have fto doubt that the
President would he exceedingly uneasy if he saw
that in print. Therefore, to save his feelings, I
desire to interrupt the gentleman. I do not like
these fulminations to go forth. The Administra-
tion is going out of power. I desire that they should
go out quietly. But my friend from Georgia must
know, as well perhaps as he knows anything else,
that if he attempts that course, he wili only have
his pains for his trouble.
Mr. STEPHENS. We will try it.
Mr. HOUSTON*. I do not intend, now or at
any time, to speak for the President. But I say,
that so far as the character of the resolution is con-
cerned, it is almost unprecedented in parliamentary i
proceedings, and wherever found, it-is an excep- !
tion to the ordinary rules of courtesy which always j
should mark legislative proceedings. The Presi-j
dent of the United States has been assailed here a
little too often by the Whig party, and especially
by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,]
in terms that certainly do that gentleman more
injury, in point of reputation, than they can inflict
upon the President. I say that the President has
been assailed by the gentleman, and that language
has been used here by him towards the President
which certainly has never injured the President,
but which, for aught I know, may have affected
the gentleman from Georgia. I know that if it
has not affected him among his own constituents,
it has done so in other places. I know that such
language should not be used here by a member of
this House towards any executive officer, or to-
wards any individual of this House or this Gov-
ernment. Well, the President has withstood all
that, and he is alive yet. I say he is alive yet,
and prepared to discharge his duty as a man and
a statesman, as the President of the United States,
and as the President of the Democratic party
[loud laughter] on this particular question. Yes,
I repeat it. If gentlemen desire to laugh, let them
do so. He is prepared to discharge his duty as a
man and a statesman, as the President of the Uni-
ted States, and as the President of the Democratic
party. And he regards these threats, which come
with such bad taste, I was going to say—but I wili
not say what I was about to say. If these threats
have any effect upon him, it will be of a character
opposite to that which the gentleman from Georgia
designs.
But the gentleman makes a threat of sending
for persons and papers. Ay, sir, persons and
papers. We have heard of this before, when the
instructions to Mr. Shdell were called for. The
President, sir, did not send them. What did you
do? You submitted. You cowered under it, and
you submitted. And you wili do so again. You
dare nor bring forth any such proposition. If you
had really wanted to do it, why did yon not do it
when he gave you the opportunity? You had an
opportunity just as good as is presented in this
very resolution. Where is all your valumcy?
Where is ail your courage5 Where is all the
chivalrous bearing of our friend from Georgia'1
Whv did he not bring forth his proposition to
send for personsand papers? No; he did not do it;
he will not do it now. I have no fear that the
President will refuse to send this information forth.
And it ought to have occurred to the gentleman
from Georgia and to others, that reasons might
have existed at the time these instructions were
withheld which do not exist now. At that time
our relations with Mexico were uelicate and ten-
der. Only some few days had elapsed after the
ratified treaty had reached this city; the call was
made at a time when the relations of peace and
friendship between the two Governments had not
been established on a permanent basis; and there
might have been something in the instructions re-
quiring that they should be withheld at that time,
which may now have passed away, thus enabling
the President to lay them before the country. All
1 desire is, that I may have an opportunity to offer
the following amendrnen t, (w Inch was then read:)
Resolved further* That the Piesideiit also communicate to
this Hon«e, if not incompatible with the public interest, a
copy of tin, instiuctioius of this Government to Commission-
ers A. FJ. ?cviei and Nathan Clifford, together vvitti such
other correspondent e as appertains to said ticaty; and that
the information called ('or in the foregone resolutions be
not communicated il in Ins judgment it be incompatible with
the public interest.
Mr. H. continued. I desire so to modify your
resolution as to provide that the foregoing informa-
tion be communicated if not incompatible with the
public interest. And I hope that the gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] and others will at
least give the President a trial. If he lefuses, make
your resolution absolute. You can then commence
your proceedings on a proper basis. But until you
make the effort m the customary form, it seems to
me that it would be improper to attempt to force
the information when we do not know that it will
be refused.
I do not know that it is desirable, or that other
gentlemen desire, to discuss this question further.
The gentleman from Georgia made a speech, as he
was prepared to do. I have attempted to answer
him. Gentlemen all about me desire me to move
the previous question.
[Cries over the House, "No, no."]
Mr. HOUSTON. Then 1 shall not move it.
Mr. SCHENCK'said, he should not be deterred
by either the lectures or the threats of the gentle-
man from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] from sub-
mitting a very few remarks in relation to the mat-
ter before the House. That u the king could do no
wrong" was not an article in bis political creed;
and, therefore, whenever he thought wron* |ia(J
been done, or an usurpation of posver assumed
on the part of the Executive, he should not be
prevented from alluding to it freely and fully, as is
was his right to do asj>ne of the representatives
of the people.
It seemed to his mind, that a very little need be
added to what had been said by the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] to compress th<*
whole matter before the House into very narrow
limits. In order to do this, it was necessary to
understand properly the relation subsisting between
the Government «of the United States and the
Government of Mexico—a relation which, if the
charges were true, had beer? brought about by the
unauthorized action of the Executive of the United
States; and that relation might be understood by
reference merely to the character of the two Gov-
ernments. By the organization of both Rppubhcs,
it would be observed, that the treaty-making power
was vested m two cooidinate branches—in tfce
President and Congress by the Mexican Govern-
ment, and in the President and Senate (a part
of Congress) by the Government of the United
States.
Now, what had been done (he inquired) with re-
gard to the treaty under discussion ? He would not
go into any extended inquiry as to the origin of the
treaty. He would not talk about the Government
blundering into the war, and blundering out of it
again. He would not reiterate the fact that it was
commenced without any regular appeal to the war-
making power, and concluded by the manufacture
ofa treaty, (or whatever it was,) by an agent act-
j ing without the advice of the President, it was
| enough for his purpose to say, that a treaty was
presented for the action of the two Ptepublics, signed
by Mr. Trist on the part of the United States, and
the Mexican commissioners on the part of their
Government. That treaty came up here for consid-
eration, and was communicated to the Senate—that
branch of the legislative department of the Govern-
ment which, together with the Executive, consti-
tute the treaty-making power. When the Presi-
dent first presented the treaty to the Senate, he gave
no opinion as to the question whether itshouki be
ratified or not, but referred the matter entirely to
the wisdom and discretion of the Senate. Well,
what did the Senate? They discussed the treaty
from the 23d of March till the 10tb of the following
month; and then-declared their opinion, that they
were agreed to the ratification, with certain modifi-
cations and amendments which they proposed in
form. They then referred the treaty back to the
President, the other branch of the treaty-making
power. The President held no further conference
upon the matter, but acting as though he supposed
the Senate would concur in whatever he might do,
he sent off the treaty, with his commissioners, to
Mexico: and thus ended for the time, the action
upon the treaty on the part of the Government of
the United States—the Senate having made several
amendments to the tieaty, and the Piesident having
concurred therein and sent it off.
Well, (Mr. S. continued,) what took place in
Mexico? Upon the arrival of the "United States
commissioners at Gtueretaro, they ascertained that
the Congress of Mexico had agreed to ratify the
treaty, as it stood in accordance with the modifica-
tions and amendments proposed by the Senate of
the United States. He admitted that; but the
work of Mexico in the matter of the ratification of
the treaty was not done yet: for it was in the Ex-
ecutive as well as the Congress, that the Mexican
Government had made her treaty-making and
treaty-ratifying power to consist. Only one poi-
tion of that power had acted, then—that portion
being the Congress, which had agreed to the treaty
without exception, protocol, or anything of the
kind. For the next step in the proceedings, he
looked into the treaty correspondence and f^n^>
in the letter of Messrs. Sevier and Clifford to Mr.
Buchanan, the following statement:
" We hav e the satisfaction to inform yon that we
this city this afternoon at about five o'clock, and that in©
j treaty, as amended by the Senate of the United B tates,
pas-s-ed the Mexican Senate about the lioui ot ourainval,
by a vote of thirty-three to live. It having pieviou&ly parsed
the House of Deputies, nothmgnovv icmains but to e*chango
the ratifications of the treaty.w
