1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
438
The House of Deputies and Senate of Mexico
both had a voice in the matter: whereas, in the
the United Statrs the Senate only could exercise
itiat power. But did the ratification then take
place' Did the President of Mexico then agree to
it, without fuither exception, conference, consid-
eration, or determination on h 13 part? It seemed
that he did not. The communication from which
be had read was dated on the 25th of May, 1848,
at nine o'clock, p. m. On the 30th of May, he
found another letter from these commissioners,
which contained the following information:
<'• We enclose a copy of our address to the President, and
also a copy of his reply. Several conferences :ifrcnvai,cls
look place litHween Messrs. ltosa, Cuevas, and Coulo. and
ourselves,which it is not thought necessary to recapitulate,
as we enclose' a copy of the protocol, which contains the
SMbstaneeof the conversations. "We have now the satisfac-
tion to announce that tile exchange of ratifications was
effceteti to-day."
It seemed, that though there might not have
been any dfSculty about the ratification, with the
Congress of Mexico, yet when these commission-
ers came to hold their conferences with the Mexi-
can Executive, they found that he had difficulties
upon the subject. They found, also, that he did
not treat the action of the Mexican Congress as
by any means conclusive in the matter: and after
several conferences with him, they found him to
be unwilling to permit his commissioners to give
legality and validity to the treaty, until there should
he obtained from the Government of the United
States some more definite understanding as to what
was meant by the modifications which they had
made in it. That understanding being obtained,
he permitted the exchange of ratification. But,
until these articles were exchanged; until the Ex-
ecutive as well as the Congress of Mexico .had
acted; until that concurrent action and agreement
had fully taken place, there was, and there couid
be, no treaty.
Mr. BOYD interrupted at this point; but his
words couid not be heard at the reporter's desk.
They were understood to embrace the question,
whether the approval of the treaty by the Mexican
Executive was not implied in his sending it up for
the action of the Mexican Congress ?
Mr. SCHENCK reiterated, that the Mexican
Executive was found to be unwilling to ratify the
treaty without the protocol. He supposed he.
wanted the protocol to go before his people. It
was not at all unlikely that he would feel con-
cerned as to what would be the judgment of the
Mexican people upon the matter: and seeing in it
himself something which might not be altogether
right, he determined never to submit that it should
be made a law of the land, till it should be either
modified or explained to his satisfaction. It could
not follow, because the Mexican Executive sent
up the treaty for the examination of the Mexican
Congress, that therefore he approved of it. When
the President of the United States s6nt Mr. Trist's
treaty, his consent to it&ratificalion was not there-
by implied, as was shown by the amendments
afterwards suggested. He cited also the case of
the treaty of OrSgon, by which the President was
compelled to come down from the high ground
which he had taken, to the forty-ninth parallel.
He sent that treaty to the Senate, but withheld the
expression of his own opinion until after he ob-
tained the opinion of the Senate.
He'would inquire of the gentleman from Ala-
bama whether, in his opinion, this treaty of peace,
friendship, limits, and settlement between the Uni-
ted States and Mexico, could have any legal or
binding force whatever, until its ratification was
confirmed by the Executive of Mexico ? The gen-
tleman from Alabama could not take the opposite
position. No matter what the Mexican Congress
had done, the Mexican Executive required further
assurances by the United States commissioners in
relation to the modifications of the treaty, before
his ministers were to be permitted to sign it. Such
assurances he obtained: and it was only upon ob-
taining them that he permitted his ministers to sign.
He'did not intend to go into any statement, in
detail, of the modifications of the treaty; but he
desired to look into the terms and conditions upon
which Mexico at last agreed to the ratification.
It seemed in this procotol to be set forth, that the
commissioners of the United States were sent to
Mexico with full power to make explanations
with reference to the modifications and amend-
ments which the Senate of the United States had
made to the treaty. It was explained to the Mex-
ican Executive, that "by suppressing the ninth
' article of the treaty of Guadalupe, and substitu-
ting the third article of the treaty of Louisiana,
' the American Government did not intend todimin-
' ish in any way what was agreed upon by the
'afoiesaid article ninth in favor of the inhabitants
'of the territories ceded by Mexico;" and" that
by suppressing the tenth article, " it was not in
' any way intended to annul the grants of land
'made by Mexico in the ceded territories." Thus
it was explained to the Mexican Executive, that
the Mexican people were to be assured and pro-
tected in all their rights and land titles, just as those
rights and titles had been claimed and set forth in
detail in the rejected articles of the treaty, and thus
it was that the United States commissioners pre-
vailed upon the Mexican Executive to cause the
treaty to be ratified and signed, as was manifest
by the following closing declaration of the proto-
col, to wit:
"And thesp explanations bavin? been accepted by the
Minister of Foreign Afia'rs of the Mcxican Republic, he
declared, in the name ol his U-ovcrnmcnt, that with the un-
derstanding conveyed by them, the same Government would
proceed to ratily the tieatv of Guadalupe, a* modified by the
Senate and Govcinrnentof tho United States."
He came now to what was really the only ques-
tion before the House. The Senate and Piesident
of the United States were the treaty-making power
of this Government. The Senate declined to ratify
the treaty, except it should be modified in certain
particulars, winch they indicated by their action
upon it. The President of the United States, con-
curring, sent off the treaty to Mexico in its amend-
ed form; to which the Mexican Congress made no
dissent. But the President of Mexico refused to
concur in the modifications suggested by the Gov-
ernment of the United States, unless he were fur-
nished with certjin explanations and assurances
as to what was meant by these variations in the
original treaty, and what would be claimed under
them; and thereupon the President of the United
States gave the required explanations and assu-
rances. It now became a question, what right the
President-had to give these assurances on the part
of the Senate, who, equally with himself, consti-
tute the treaty-making power of this Government?
This, it seemed to his mind, was the point to be
settled. What right had the President to make
explanations which were to have the effect to stul-
tify the action of the Senate of the United States?
It was equivalent to saying to the Mexican Exec-
utive, "It is true that the Senate of the United
Stales (which body in my Government is a co-
ordinate branch M the treaty-making power) kept
this treaty under discussion some, three weeks or
more, anil after bestowing upon it some labor and
a great deal of inquiry and consideration, have
consented to its ratification upon certain condi-
tions; but I assure you they amount to nothing.
I assure you, that by these conditions nothing
more is intended than though their space were left
a mere blank in the treaty. You and I will settle
the whole matter between ourselves, notwith-
standing what those impertinent legislators have
undertaken to do."
He then went into an exhibition of some of the
material reasons which must have induced the
changes in the treaty insisted upon by the Senate.
The gentleman from Alabama had said there was
nothing in the protocol which was not authorized
by the letter of our Secretary of State, Mr. Bu-
chanan, dated March 18, 1848, and directed to the
Mexican Minister of Foreign Relations. Thegen-
tleman from Georgia had made a very proper reply
to that statement, namely: that if that letter to the
Mexican minister were examined, it would he
found to contain arguments by which the Secretary
endeavored to persuade the Mexican Government
that these amendments ought not to he considered
objectionable. The Secretary did not say they
were to be set aside or disregarded; but merely that
they did not constitute such objections as should
prevent a ratification of the treaty by the Mexican
Republic.
There was a provision in the tenth article of the
original treaty, by which the Mexican Govern-
ment insisted that their old grants of land in the
State of Texas should be-revived, and considered
as paramount to those titles afterwards given by
the Republic of Texas. TheSenateof the United
States would not agree to this provision, and ac-
cordingly they struck it out, and required that it
should form no part of the treaty, if it were to be
ratified by them. But what said Mr. Buchanan to
that? He asked attention to the argument of the
Secretary, which he read as follows:
'•The third amendment of the Senate strikes from tfcfc
treaty tho tenth article.
<kIt is truly unaccountable how this- article should have
found a place in the treaty. That portion of it in regard
to i.uidsin Texas did not reveive a single vote in tfw Senate*
It it Wfie adopted it would he a mere nullity on the face of
the trean, and the judges of our courts would be compelled
to disregard u. It is our cloiy that no human power exists
in this country which ewi deprive one individual of his
property, without his consent, and transfer it to another. If
grantees of lands m Texas, under the Mexican Government,
possess valid titles-, they can maintain their claims before
our courts of jus-tieo. It they have forfeited their crams by
not compljiitg with the conditions on which they were
made, it is beyond the power of tins Government, in any
mode of action, to rendei tneei* titles valid, either njamst
Texas or any individual pioprictor. To result-Hate such
grants, and to allow the grantees the same period after th«
exchange of the ratifications of this treaty, to which ibey
weie originally entitled, for the purpnep of performing the
conditions on which the?e grants ban been made, even if
tin* could be accomplished by the power of the Government
ofthe United States, would woik manifold injustice."
He referred particularly to the language of this
extract, to show the argument. The wonder with
the Secretary was, how the tenth article ever found
a place in the treaty at all; and his argument was,
that if it had been retained, it would have either
proved a nullity, or wrought manifold injustice.
Mr. Buchanan was endeavoring to satisfy the
Government of Mexico that the treaty ought not
to be rejected by them on account of the omission
of the tenth article. The reason suggested by Mr.
Buchanan might have had weight with the Senate,
and induced the striking out from the-treaty a
provision which, if retained, could only lead to
mischievous lawsuits and vexed questions about
vested rights'and land titles. They probably^fore-
saw this evil, and wished to avoid any shadow of
agreement on the part of this Government to pro-
tect Mexican land titles in the State of Texas.
After some conversation between Mr. MEADE,
Mr. HOUSTON of Ala., and Mr. SCHENCK, he '
proceeded to recapitulate and justify the language
which he had ascribed to the President, as holding
to the Executive of Mexico.,
Mr. MEADE interrupted here, and was under-
stood to ask the gentleman from Ohio whether, if
the American commissioners were requested to
give their construction of the conduct of our Gov-
ernment, and the reasons which induced them to
make the alterations which they did make in the
treaty, they were to stand still and say nothing?
Mi'. SCHENCK continued. He had great re-
spect for the ability of the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Meade] upon all questions involving special
pleadings, and with the utmost respect towards
that gentleman, lie stated his belief that, by his
present interruption he had only intended to give
the House nothing more than specimens of his
astuteness in such matters. Were our commis-
sioners asked, it was certainly right and proper,
and pertinent for them to give their constructions
of the treaty; but they should be given as their
constructions. They had no right to declare that
nothing was intended but their constructions; and
the ratification should not have been obtained upon
that understanding. But they had gone much fur-
ther than to give a mere explanation of the treaty.
Here was a declaration, on the part of our com-
missioners, put into the solemn form of a protocol,
to the effect, that their Governmental home could
not nor would not have intended, nor really did
not intend, by their modifications of the treaty,
anything except what was emoraced in their con-
structions; and when the Mexican Government
ratified the tieaty, it Wcis done with this under-
standing, modifying and explaining the treaty
put into writing and solemnly subscribed.
After attending to matter in the way of inter-
ruptions offered by Mr. Pettit and Mr. Jones,
of Tennessee, he proceeded to close this branch
ofthe subject with the remark, that when this pro-
tocol was given to the Mexican Government, it
either meant something or nothing. If it meant
anything, it was, that the action of the Senate of
the United States amounted to nothing. But it
the protocol meant nothing, then the Mexican Gov-
ernment had been deceived: for, could any man
doubt, that by the language of the protocol, it was
designed that the Mexicans should undeistand that
the Government of the United States intended to
make the Mexican land titles good ?
He proceeded now to consider the third point in
the protocol, which he read as follows:
"3d. The Government ofthe United States, hysnynressing
the concluding paragraph ot article twelfth ul tne ucuiy, did
