456
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ness before them as will prevent them from giving
their attention to this subject. .
Mr. BELL. I wi!l then move the reference of
the petition to that committee.
It was so referred.
SOUTH CAROLINA RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. BUTLER presented resolutions passed by
the Legislature of South Carolina, declaring the
readiness of that State to cooperate with her sister
States in resisting the application of the principles
of the Wilrnot proviso to the territory recently
acquired by the United States, which he desired
to have read; and the resolutions were accordingly
read,as follows: •
The Joint Committee of the Senate and House of Repre-
sentative:? upon Federal Relations, to which were referred so
much of the Governor's message as relates to the agitation
ot shivery, and sundry lesolutions upon the same subject,
beg leave to report the following resolution, as expressing
the undivided opinion of tiiis Legislature upon the Wilmot
provi>o, and all similar violations of the great, principle of
equality which South Carolina has so long and so aidenily
maintained should govern tilt action of the States and the
Jaws or' Congress upon all matteis affecting the rights and
interests of any member of tiua Union :
Resolved} unanimoiishi, That the time for discussion by the
slavtholdiiig States as to their exclusion from the territory
recently acquired from Mexico has passed, and that this
General Assembly5 representing the feelings of the State of
South Carolina, is prepared to cooperate with her sister
States in resisting the application of the principles of the
Wilrnot proviso to such territory, at any and eveiy hazard.
Resolved, unanimously} That the Governor be requested to
transmit a copv of this reportto the Governors of each of the
States of this Union, and to our Senators jyad Representa-
tives Jn the Congress of the United States.
Mr. B. said: Mr. President, when a sovereign
State presents such a resolution as the one read
from your table, it is a significant omen of the
times. Its very brevity is a commentary upon its
import and intent. It purports to have been passed !
by both branches of the Legislature, and in the j
name of the people of South Carolina, and comes :
here under the seal of the State. Jt is my duty to j
say that it is not the expression of transient popu-
lar excitement, but it evinces the deep conviction ;
ofa people who think that their rights arc danger- ,
ously threatened, and will be put in peril by the i
action of Congress, which is the common agent, 1
and should be the common guardian of all the par- !l
ties to the Federal compact, p
South Carolina will not seek or desire an occa-
sion for the application of her resolution. She will
do no offensive act to bring about such a painful \
emergency. But should she be forced to meet
the threatened issue, and required to take an
attitude of resistance to the unjust and aggiessive
policy of a blind and self-sustaining majority, it
would be treason in me as her representative to
suppose that she would not make her words good,
or subject herself to all the hazards of a trial. And
in tins she will not be alone. Virginia has already
spoken a language too solemn and deliberate to be
mistaken, and which-was made the more lmores- i
sive by the language of my friend who sits 'near 1
me, [Mr. Hunter.] When States make such j
pledges, through their representatives, they impose 1
upon themselves an obligation to maintain them. |
The people of South Carolina entertain apiofound :
respect for Virginia, and many of her people cherish t
hereditary attachment to her soil, history, and in-
stitutions. South Carolina will stand by her to the
last, and sustain her m whatever position she may
think proper to assume; and will do so in the motto
of my own State, which language cannot be more
appropriately used than on this occasion—"Jlnimis
cpibusque semper paraii." Well has it become that
illustrious Commonwealth to be the first in pro-
claiming her own and the rights of her southern
confederates. Well has she been called a mother
of States. Look at those that have sprung from
her bounty. With the uncalculating generosity of
a parent, she submitted to conditions, as to some
of these territories ceded by her, peculiarly favor- i|
able at that time to her non-slaveholding brethren, j'
Can it be that, like a eockatiice, any portion of If
these States, or the people of these States, would 'j
avail themselves of these conditions, and the power j!
acquired under tnem, to sting the bosom that gave !:
them life? Virginia may have to submit to ingrat- 1
Hude, and may not be a^le to avoid wanton insult,
but she cannot submit to deliberate wrong and
willful aggression. Her history would rebuke and
her resolutions would reproach her. No, sir, that
illustrious Commonwealth has been, like Judah,
the lion's whelp in this Confederacy; and she
cannot crouch, like Issachar, and become the &s£
between burdens.
Feb. 6,
Mr. President, Virginia and South Carolina are
not the only States that will speak on this mo-
mentous subject. All the southern States similarly
situated will use language of the same deliberate
import; and if, in the face of such warning, our
northern brethren—for I will call them so—shall
turn a deaf ear to it, and shall go on to consummate
their acts of injustice and disfranchisement by
odious and discriminating legislation,assailing the
equality of the States, and violating safired con-
tracts, the blame will be on their heads. Such an
act will evince a criminal temerity hardly to find
a parallel in tlie history of any people. Tney may
assume to act upon the supposition of our division,
and because they know we cherish an attachment
to the Union,' by so many consecrated associa-
tions of a common history. They calculate upon
success by sporting with our ailection. I once
saw a youth struck by his neighbor and relative;
and when he was reproached for not resenting
it, he replied that he had always learned through
his parents that they were bound together by the
ties of friendship and consanguinity, and that he
did not wish to be the first to disturb them. Well,
sir, the submission only provoked additional as-
sault. Our non-slaveholdmg countrymen may
think that we will submit like the amiable youth,
instead of consulting the impulses and wise sug-
gestions-of self-respect. And, sir, theie is no sub-
stitute for such a sentiment. Once banish it from
a people or an individual, and degradation and
degeneracy must follow. These States have been
bound together by the ties of patriotism and fra-
ternal consanguinity. The Federal Constitution
was the work of wise, practical, and patriotic
statesmen, and the guarantee they relied upon for
its maintenance and perpetuity was the good faith
in winch it originated. Those from the non-slave-
i holding States were then the guardians of south-
ern rights and the respecters of southern feel- \
ing. They were such men as Hancock, Adams,
Roger Sherman, and Dr. Franklin. Little could
they have thought that a people who have become :
strong and powerful under the operation of the
Federal compact would ever use it as an engine of I
oppression. But, sir, 1 fear that their generous
calculations are destined to be disappointed. And, i
sir, I will not draw a contrast between themselves !
and those who are now, under the name of free |
soil and deceitful philanthropy, conducting th« 1
dangerous agitations upon the slave question. 1 i
will not draw the parallel. The conlrubt between
| is forced upon her, she will stand by Virginia- she
I will stand by herself, sir. This may be avoided*
I and God grant, Mr. President, that statesmen and'
| patriots may be raised up from the non-slavehold-
! ing States who may have the courage to do justice
! and who will consult the dictates of wisdom and'
' prudence.
| The resolutions, on the motion of Mr. BUT-
j LER, were ordered to be printed.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, reported a bill to repeal a
portion of the third section of the act of February
19, 1848, in relation to the medical staff of the
army of the United States, and for other purposes,
with amendments.
Mr. DAVIS moved that the bill be now consid-
ered; and the motion being agreed to—
The bill was considered, the amendments were
concurred in, and the bill was read a third time
and passed.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, the title of the bill
was so amended as to read as follows: " A bill to
provide for the increase of the medical staff, and
for other purposes."
Mr. ATHERTON, from the Committee on
Finance, reported a bili for the payment of revo-
lutionary pensions and other pensions of the Uni-
ted States, for the year ending June 30, 1850,
without amendment.
Mr. ATHERTON moved the consideration of
| this bill, but, after a suggestion from Mr. WEB-
' ST£R, he withdrew his motion.
Mr. ATHERTON, .from the Committee on Fi-
nance, repoitcd the bill making appropriations for
the support of the Military Academy at West
Point, for the year ending June 30, 1850, without
amendment.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee on
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of John A.
Rodgers; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported the bill rtducmg the pi ice of pub-
lic lands lying within the Miami Reservation, in
the Stale of Indiana, without amendment.
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported the bill to incorporate
the Oak Hill Cemetery, in the District of Colum-
bia, without amendment.
Mr. BR.ADBURY, from the Committee on
Claims, reported House bill for the relief of James
the two will be obvious to ail, and it is not neces- , ,, , - . ,
sary to write their names on the picture. All the j! "J-c-&voy> without amendment.
fears of disunion may be banished, and harmony )' CREDENTIALS.
restored by the North consulting and acting upon Mr. SEBASTIAN presented the credentials of
! the great maxims of moderation and justice. Let i Solon Borland, elected a Senator of the United
I them stay the hand of aggressive violence; let !< States from the State of Arkansas; which were
\ them stay the spirit of injustice; let them no longer i; read, and laid on the table.
j encouragc the wild fanaticism of an irresponsible '! NOTICE
m"i'tudt , Thf s°uth,w,  act !n defensive coop- ! Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia, gave notice that
l eration, but wul not intentionally agnate, for the he woul(J to.raorro'w, or on some early day, ask
purposes of faction and discord, with a view to
profit by them. The northern people say that sla-
very cannot go into California and New Mexico,
unless the laws left in force by Mexico shall be
repealed; and yet they'insist upon superadding to
any act that may be brought forward for the gov-
ernment of these Territories, a provision for the
leave to introduce a bill to authorize the payment
to the State of Georgia of the unexpended balance
of the sum of $175,000, which was appropiiated
to settle the claims of said State for the services of
her militia, by the act of August 11,1842, entitled
■'An act to provide for the settlement of th'e claims
, of the State of Georgia for the services of her
exclusion of slavery; not, as they say, that it is " mj]it!a >
necessary, but because they wish now to establish ,!
the doctrine to exclude southern slaveholders from !
an equal participation in the. fruits of future con- ,
quest. This doctrine, Mr. President, addresses j
itself to, and is revolting to, natural sensibility, and
in violation ot the compacts and compromises of
the Constitution. It is nothing rnoie nor less than
saying that the South may be compelled, under its j
obligations to the Federal compact, to make its con-
tributions of men and money to carry on the war, ii offered yesterday, asking- for certain information
but shall be denied the rights of equals in the en-! from the President of the United States.
joyment of the conquest. [ ; The resolution was taken up accordingly, and
It is not a restriction, sir, as some have said, j; read as follows:
and as some of oar Georgia friends have said, sir; : Kesoked, That the Piesident ba. requested to liave laid
but It IS a Droscriptive policy, to prevent which Striate, in Hxucutive or open session, in Insdis-
the South should b? prepared at thil time to make ;; Z
every saci ince. if we submit to It now, it IS a j on the part ol the United States to Uie Government of iVJex-
Mr. WALKER asked and obtained leave to in-
troduce a bili to authorize a change of venue in
certain cases; which was read a first and second
time, and leferred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
DIPLOMATIC PLEDGES TO MEXICO.
Mr. MANGUM. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of the resolution I
ico, or to either of said immsteis, prior to tlie ratification by
the Government of Mexico of,the tieaty of peace between
the United States and that Republic. Also, the correspond-
ence and explanations, if any, winch said ministers had
with or gave to the Republic of Mexico, or any mm>&te s
thereof, touching the effector meaning ot amendments made
by the Senate of the United States to the original treaty, as
i .• T ,  , . • 4, .. . . . i r< concluded at Guadalupe Hidalgo, on the 2d February,
lution. 1 am bound to say, sir, that if this position ij whether such correspondence or explanations were before
submission which will reduce us from a position
of equality to what we believe to be one of degra-
dation. I have made no threat—S shall make no
threat. I have no such disposition; but if South
Carolina shall be place4 in such a situation, there
can be no doubt but that she will enforce that reso-
