1840.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
457
the ratification thereof by the Mexican Government or after
such ratification, and before or contemporaneous with the
exchange ol ratifications, and particularly as respects amend-
ments affecting the 9th, JOth, and 12th articles. Also, any
protocol or other paper signed by said Sevier and Clif-
ford and any minister of the Mexican Republic, if any such
there be, explaining or a Hi cting, or attempting to explain
or affect the treaty as ratified by the Senate of the TJrnted
States; and also all communications had with the Mexican
Government or any minister'or ministers thereof , on the
part of our ministers, a-, well asallcoiumunications between,
our ministers and the Government of the United States
touching tiie effect of the amendments made by the Senate
of the United States in the aforesaid original treaty.
Mr. KING. This resolution was offered yes-
terday, at a time when 1 was necessaiily absent
from the Senate. I saw the statement of its intro-
duction, for the first time, in this morning's news-
paper; and 1 can only say, that had I been present,
I should have advocated its immediate adoption.
' Sir, I think it proper that the information proposed
to be received under it should be furnished, not
that it is necessary to the action of Congress, but
to remove erroneous impressions.
I hope this information will be furnished as soon
as practicable, because there are various rumors
afloat in the country that there has been a viola-
tion on the part of the Executive of his constitu-
tional duty, in not acting in accordance with the
amendments made by «he Senate to the treaty
with Mexico. I have no apprehension that any-
thing will be found in the conduct of the Executive
in this matter, that was not in strict accordance I
with his duty, and with what was understood to j
be the object of the Senate in making the amend-
ments it adopted. For our satisfaction and the
satisfaction of the country, however, I should hope
that no further objection will be made to the adop-
tion of the resolution, but that it will be acted on
immediately.
The resolution was then agreed to.
BILLS REFERRED.
The-following bills from the fjouse of Repre-
sentatives were read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Pensions, viz:
Acts for the relief of B. O. Payne, Mary Nye,
James France, Lewis M. Roberts, John Mcintosh,
Rebecca Freeman, William Lynch, Horatio Fitch,
John Gawney, Camfield Avenll, Mary Ann Pol-
lard, Elizabeth S. Cobbs, Captain Alexander Mc-
Ewen, Peter Myers, Hector Perkins, Aaron Staf-
ford, Sylvanus Blodget, Thomas R. Sandeis, Su-
sannah Prentiss, Joseph Dana, Eve Boggs, Han-
nah Kenney, widow of Amos Kenney, late of the
State of New York, Martha Dameson, widow of
Christopher Tompkins.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Private Land Claims:
An act granting the right of preemption to
Joshua Holden.
An act for the relief of Amelia Carrillion, of
Louisiana.
An act for the relief of Sydney Flower, of Lou-
isiana, and for other purposes.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Claims:
An act for the relief of Samuel Perry.
An act for the relief of Thomas T. Gramage.
An act for the relief of Matthews, Wood, and
An act for the relief of Noah A. Phelps.
The following bills were read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs:
An act for the relief of the widow and heirs of*
Silas Duncan, late commandant in the U. S. navy.
An act for the relief of Jacob Beebee.
The bill for the relief of William Kingsbury
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
this question, some information with respect to it.
I wish to make a few remarks in regard to the
principle involved in this bill as well as iri its* de-
tails. The principle involved in it, I conceive, is
one of very great consequence to the interests of
the country; and it appears to me very appropriate
and necessary for us to become acquainted with it,
inasmuch as its passage will act as a precedent to
futuie action on similar subjects. In looking at i
the history of the past, Mr. President, it seems to j
me that our Government has oscillated very much |
upon the subject of internal improvements; and it
occurs to me that this bill is a new phase in the
many changes which have taken place on this
great subject. We had a system of internal im-
provements at one time by which the Government
invested money in stocks, and by such investment
aided associated joint stock companies m making
roads and canals. When that system was in force,
sir, the Government took stock in the Louisville
I canalin the State of Kentucky. That work has been I
I completed, owing to this subscription on the part of j
I the Government, in conjunction with the subscrip- ;
I ttons made by individuals. Since the completion j
of that work it has succeeded most admirably in
| accommodating the country and in making a large |
j profit for the Government and the other stock- |
| holders. There weie further efforts to carry out i
' this system, made with reference to a canal pro- j
| posed connecting this place with the Ohio by way
i! of the Potomac river. Something like a million
of dollars was subscribed by the Government to
the stock of this canal, and subsequently the Gov-
ernment assisted this city, Alexandria, and I be-
lieve Georgetown also, in the matter, by assuming
the payment of the debts which these cities had
contracted to enable them to subscribe to the stock
of this canal. But, sir, before the work was com-
pleted, after the manrier of the Louisville canal, a
change came over the spirit of the Government,
growing out of an appropriation to make a road
m the State of Kentucky—the extension of the
road from Maysville to Lexington; and, although
the Government had appropriated money to take
stock in this road, the appropriation was arrested,
and since that time 1 believe no appropriation has
been made by the Government in aid of the con-
struction of roads or canals. This Government !
has, in its past history, also undertaken to make
roads for itself. The Cumberland road is an in-
stance of this kind, and of Government action of
this character independent of association with joint
stock companies.
Now, sir, this bill which we have under consid-
eration is neither a payment like those to which I
have adverted, by which the Government proposes
to take so much stock in aid of the construction of
certain roads or canals, nor is it a bill similar in
character to the one relating to the Cumberland
road—a bill proposing to make a road through
the instrumentality and means of the Government
alone.
Perhaps it may be foreign to the question at
issue, but I will remark here that it does appear to
me, that if Government ever engages in works of
this description, the most economical manner in
which they can be constructed is for Government
to buy up a portion of the stock, thus uniting theii
efforts with the efforts of individual enteipnse,
and thereby securing that economy and harmony
of interests that influence pnvaie individuals in
matters of this sort. Because, sir, the principle
of selfishness, which must operate, and does op-
erate, on the human heart, and which influences
.i    ,.C , r\f iv-> 11;
j bill, it would appear- that we are only to contract ,
I to pay as much money as«will be an equivalent to,
j the benefits which we are to receive. The money
! which we are to pay out is to be no more in amount
j than the value ot the services which this company,
, to whom the money is to be paid, renders to the
Government, Well now, sir, if it be a mere con-
tract, and nothing more than a contract, 1 see no sort
of objection to it on the score of principle. Viewed
in that light, it is no more than if the Government
were to pay for the transportation of men and *
munitions of war from the eastern part of the Medi-
terranean Sea over to thePeisian Gulf, or by land,
if you please, to any portion of the East indies.
; Viewed as a mere contract, by which you are only
! to pay a fair equivalent for the services to be ren-
dered, 1 admit the propriety of the Government's
entering into such a contract for any services it
may require in any part of the world. But, sir, is
this bill a mere contract of that character? I think,
when we come to the details of this bill, .it will
appear manifest to the Senate thai it is not a bill
by'which you appropriate money for an equivalent,
but that it is a bill in which a donation is to be
made byway of encouraging the undertakers of
this scheme to construct their roard, and by way of
furnishing them with the funds necessary to its
consiruction. Now, sir, let us look at it in this
i light; and I desire, in connection, to present some
! figures, which, if duly considered, will, I think,
. furnish a complete answer to the inquiry pro-
I pounded by the Senator from North Carolina.
| This bill proposes to pay these individuals two
I hundred and fifty thousand dollars per annum.
! And for how many years is this allowance to con*
! tinue? Why, if the contract is made, it is to be in
j force for a period not less than ten years in dura-
I tion; and the time may be extended. 'I he hands of
! the Government, however, are tied for the peiiod of
j ten years after the contract is made. The contract
: may continue much beyond the period at which
[ the Government has the option of terminating it;
j for unless it is so terminated, the sum of two hun-
i dred and fifty thousand dollars per annum, to be
| appropriated for ten years, shall be continued for
i twenty years. But, sir, when is the first of these
i annual amounts of two hundred and fifty thousand
dollars to be paid? There is nothing upon the
face of the bill which specifies that it shall not be
paid until the road is ready to perform the service
required. If my reading of the bill be correct, the
contract stipulates to pay two hundred and filty
thousand dollars annually from the commencement
of ihc contract; and f apprehend that is the design
of the bill.
Under this view, then, that I have taken, that by
this bill it is intended to furnish money to enable
the undertakers of this scheme to construct the
road, it would be very right for them to receive
their annual instalments of two hundred and fifty
thousand dollars from the time the contract com-
mences. And, sir, there is nothing, as far as I
can perceive, in the bill limiting the payment of
these annual sums in this manner, or providing
that their payment shall not commence until the
• road is ready (or service. The road, sir, accord-
! ing to the stipulations of the bill, is to be ready to
j perform the service required within three years'
| time; and, after it has been thus completed, you
i are compelled to pay the two hundred and fifty
thousand dollars per year for ten years more, be-
fore you can rescind the contract. If my view of
the design of this bill be correct, then, sir, you are
to pay the two hundred and fifty thousand dollars
the movements of private associations of mdivid- j, per annum during the three years the road"is in
uals, will always eventuate in mote economy in j! progress of construction; and, in addition, the
THE PANAMA RAILROAD.
The Senate then, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill making com-
pensation for the transportation of troops and sup-
pHes of'the United States across the Isthmus of |j then- stock
Panama.
Mr. BADGER. I should hope that the Senator
who has charge of this bill would explain the pur-
port and bearing of the pending amendment, so
that we may be able to judge of its propriety be-
fore we proceed to act upon it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will endeavor to give
the Senator from North Carolina, who has asked
the administration of affairs by which those asso
ciations are connected with the Government, than
can ever be expected to obtain in the administra-
tion of such matters by the Government alone.
But I will not remark further upon that point.
The bill under consideration, as regards the prin-
ciple involved, is not like any ot the bills in which
the Government has heretofore assisted private
associations of individuals by taking a portion of
their stock. Nor is it, sir, a bill like the Cumber-
land road bill, whereby the Government under-
takes with its own means and through its own
agents to construct a road, it does, therefoie,
seem to me to be the introduction of something
like a new principle in the making of roads. What
is the principle here, sir? .It appears to me that
the principle involved is covered up under the guise
of a contract; for, according to the terms ot tne
.1 same sum per annum for the succeeding ten years.
| If I am correct m my understanding of the matter,
;i the lowest sum which you are bound to pay under
j, the contract is two million five hundred thousand
i dollars; and, if in the manner I have stated, the
time of these annual payments can be extended to
thirteen years instead of ten—why then, sir, the
I whole amount you will be required to pay will be
; three million two hundred and fifty thousand doi-
; lars.
| How much, let me ask, will it take to construct
! this road, judging from the data that we have re-
; ceived ? And what data have we received, sn ? It
i does appear to me that whenever a public measure
! commends itself to the favorable consideration of
| the legislative department ot this Government, we
j are ready to take hold of it at once, and endeavor
I to push it through without regard to consequences,
