458
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 6,
and without seeking to obtain the information
which is necessary to right action upon the ques-
tion, and which should always be before us when
we commence a large and important work of this
character. Have we had any official exhibition of
the aspect or situation of the country over which
this road is proposed to be constructed presented
to us? Has any engineer of the Government laid
surveys of that country before us ? None. Sir,
as far as I know anything about the subject, we
have had to gather our information upon this
suhject from private sources,*no official communi-
cations having been presented.
I have understood that the altitude of this par-
ticular road is three hundred feet. It may be more
or less* but take it at that. Colonel Abert, who is
at the head of the Engineer department, has been
applied to, according to a report made by the Naval
Committee of the other House, for information on
this subject, and that information has touutl its
way into the papers here; and that is the most re-
liable information we have on the subject. If there
be other more specific information, going more into
detail, I have not found time to examine it. I have,
therefore, taken the statement as i find it. And
what does Colonel Abert say ? He estimates ac-
cording to the expense of constructing roads in
Massachusetts, and the amount expended there,
which has been $48,920 per mile, it-will be per-
ceived that Colonel Abert does not pretend to
contrast the expense of building any particular
road in Massachusetts with the proposed road
across the Isthmus of Panama. He does not say
he has the facts or information upon which that
comparison can be made. On the contrary, it is
manifest that he does not possess the tacts on
which such a comparison could be-made. He
simply estimates that the roads in Massachusetts
on an average have cost $48,920 per mile; and then,
not estimating what he supposes it will cost to
buiid this road, he adds half ot that tor climate,
for greater price of labor, for the difficulty ot ob-
taining supplies, and for all other difficulties which
this company has to encounter, m constructing a
road near the line of the equator, compared with
what they would have 'cost m Massachusetts;
which will make the expense $73,380 per mile for
this road.
Well, how many miles will there be, is the next
question ? After having the number of miles, we
may multiply that number by the estimated ex-
pense of one mile, and we shall have the aggregate
of the expense of the enure road. Here, sir, we
are without a survey to fix the distance-, wc are
without a survey locating the point oi departure on
one ocean to the point of terminus on the other
ocean, and m the absence of this information Col-
onel Abert says he supposes the distance may
be fifty-two miles. Well, sir, fifty-two miles at
$72,3dG per mile makes an aggregate ot #3,815,760
as the entire cost of the road for the whoie fifty-
two miles from ocean to ocean. And now, sir,
what does that $3,815,760 include ? Why, accord-
ing to Colonel Abert's information, given to the
Senate, to be found in this document, it includes
not only the construction of the road, the grading,
the supply of all the wood and iron, and the laying
of rails, and getting ready for the iocomotneand the
cars, but it includes the cars, the locomotive, and
ail the apparatus necessary for putting the road in
complete operation. Now, how much could be
saved in the construction of such a road, if the
estimate had been made, independent of the price
of the cars, locomotives, and other fixtures, i am
not prepared to say. The documents do nut afford
the data. But it must be known that the price of
locomotives and cars constitute a very considerable
item m the construction of a railroad. Sir, if they
amounted to a million of dollars, you would reduce
the expenditure necessary to construct this road,
independent of the locomotive and thecals, to less
than the sum which you are about to give by this
bill to this company for making it. The road with-
out cars is nothing; it is a ship without sails. But
I mention it in this point of view to show that the
sum proposed to be given to this company out of
the Government money is sufficient to make the
road, and when the road is made out of the Gov-
ernment money, they have nothing to do but to go
to Boston or to Baltimore, and pui chase their cars,
ship them by sea, and put them on the road, and
then, without any additional cost, except to pay
the engineers, they aye ready to make their profit.
That is the view I take of it. I do not really
know what reduction is to be made for this appa-
ratus. 1 have no means of telling. You may-
deduct much less than a million for that purpose;
but still, according to the calculations of Colonel
Abert, you will have enough left to make this
road; and then the company have nothing to do
but to purchase their locomotives and cars, and
they have the means to commence operations.
Well, sir, it does seem to me that this is a new
principle—making a road under the guise of a con-
tract, furnishing the money to make the road, and
throwing only the burden of procuring the cars
on the company. I am not willing to do that, sir.
Would it not be better to adopt the old plan of
taking the stock ourselves, and owning it after the
road is built? But, sir, we have become wise
enough, in the progress of the system of internal
improvements, to give away the road, and let the
company have the whole ot it. Instead of furnish-
ing the means, and then holding it in common with
the contractors, we propose now to giv£ the money
to this company, and lose our interest in it. It is
time for the country to begm to look into these
i things. Sir, this system of internal improvements,
; in some way or other, must go on. It cannot be
] arrested; the interest of the country will not allow
; it to be arrested. And I am happy to see, that in
j the recent canvass for the election of Chief iVlagis-
j trate, the gentlemen who hoisted the Free-soil flag,
i and addressed the people on that subject, had to
! yield and come over to the doctrine of internal
! improvement. Sir, it must be done in some shape
1 or other. And these projects of making roads to
i California are but the buisting over of tins feeling
! in the hearts of the people, and they must have
] some way of manifesting li. But i look on this
' bill, m the new aspect 111 which it now presents
itself, as a mere evasion of those old principles
which were once recognized-; it is an attempt to
■ get around them, and to get that done indnectly
which they are unwilling to maich right up to 111
the face of day. 1 do not charge the friends of this
' bill with such an object; 1 make no imputation on
their motives. I have no doubt they are as con-
, scientious as I think I am mysslt in the view I
i take ef this matter; but i think the facts are just
I what I say.
! Well, sir, only consider for a moment, if you
| please, how much capital these gentlemen could
1 get by an assurance on the part of the Government
■ that they shouid receive two hundred and fifty
thousand dollars per annum. Y/hat are the Gov-
j ernnient stocks selling for at this moment? They
, are nine or ten per cent, above par. How much
| money, then, will your two hundred and fifty thou-
! sand dollars obtain ? Why, at six per cent., one
' million lor every sixty thousand dollais, and four
i millions for two hundred and forty thousand dol-
lars, leaving ten thousand dollars for contingencies,
after paying all the expenses of th£ road. Four
millions, according to the highest estimate, more
: than pays for the road, v.uh all its fixtures, and
i leaves a surplus besides.
What, then, sii, are you doing by this bill ? You
. are giving money enough per annum to a private
company to pay interest on a capital of four mil-
. lions of dollars, for which sum the road can be
■ constructed, the apparatus supplied, and a sur-
; plus left; and that you do under the idea that it
; is a mere contract where you pay money for an
equivalent. Sir, it must be manifest that the idea
ot paying equivalents is altogether preposterous,
j That is not the principle or the character of this
! bill. What, then, is the character of it? It is a j
gratuity or donation to these men of so much
money to enable iheni to make a road which j
they imagine, and which I concur with them m j
1 believing, the interest of the country requires. We i
ought to have roads both there and elsewhere, <
; and 1 hope to live to see the day when that road ;
will be finished, and not only that, but other av- >
, enues to the Pacific. What, then, 1 repeat, is this
bill? It is a gratuity—a donation—to individuals,
, to enable them to construct a road which it is sup- ^
1 posed the public interest requires to be done. Now, j
where that state of things exists, I, for one, am ;
for marching boldly up and saying, I will take :
stock, and thus furnish the means oy which it may '
be done. I certainly am not the father of the idea ;
of making this road across the Isthmus of Panama.
I have no doubt that the learned gentleman from [
Missouri [Mr. Benton] thought of it long before
I entered into public life or had anything to do |
with the politics of the country. But although |
this is true, sir, some ten or twelve years ago I
submitted in the other branch of Congress these
resolutions, and in them you will see the plan of
operations of which I am in favor,-and which I
think ought to have been adopted m connection
with this important subject. Here are the resolu-
tions, which I read from the Journal of the House
of Representatives of the date of December St
■1838, pages 170—'1: '
" Resolved, S;c., That the President of the United States
he requested to open a correspondence with thf Government
of till! Confederacy of Central America on tile Mibject of
connecting the commerce of tile Gulf of Mexico wuh that
of the Pacific Ocean, by means of a railioad or canal or
both, and the propriety of authorizing the construction of a
raihoad or canal by the united capital of the citizens of the
two countries.
" Resolved, That the President bo requested to outer into
treaty stipulations with taid Government, providing suitable
guarantees lor the protection of the interest* of our" citizens
who may invent capital in the construction of such lailroad
oi canal.
" Resolved, That the President be requested to depute
some one or more olhcers of the Engineer coips to survey
! any route or routes ior a raihoad or canal connecting the
; Gulf and Pacific, provided said Government consent there-
1 to,5'
I Here is the plan, sir, which I suggested many
! years ago, and to which the Government has at-
| tended to some extent. We have a treaty, sir,
: but I will not detain the Sfenate by calling its atten-
1 tion to the terms of it. I may, however,,say one
1 thing has been wholly omitted, so far as the sug-
! gestions of these resolutions are concerned—that
i is, having the route surveyed for a canal or rail-
; road, in order that both the Government and
! our citizens might act discreetly and knowingly.
( There is no information on that important branch
I of the subject.
j The remarks which I have already made extend
i to the whole fifty-two miles of road, and I now
■ come to that branch of the bill to which the Sena-
tor behind me called my attention when he made
a suggestion—y- . ~ •
Mr. BERRIEN. An inquiry.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Well, an inquiry. Look,
sir, at this bill. It does not state that you ate to
pay $250,000 a year when the road shall be con-
structed from ocean to ocean, so that the services
shall be performed upon it all the way b^ steam;
not at all. It says that the payment is to be made
when by steam power you can make your trans-
; portation from ocean to ocean. Now, look at the
| difference. By steam power you can carry, ao 
j cording to the information which I possess, mum-
I lions oi'-war and men from Chagres to Cruces;
| and from Cruces to Panama it is only twenty-four
; miles, I believe, according to my present informa-
tion. How far by railroad it may be from Cruces
to Panama, I do not know; nor do I know if the
; railroad wtll pass by Cruces. That, sir, is another
; matter, that we know nothing about.
Now, sir, look at this bill, and you will see that
, it provides for the payment of the money when
: you can use steam power all the way. Sir, you
can use steam power by water, and with a railroad
fiom Cruces to Panama, the residue can be done
by land. Now, is it the intention to construct this
railroad from Panama to Cruces, and there take
steamboat down the Cruces nverr I do not know,
sir; and who can tell me? I know not what the
design is; but this I know, that under the provis-
ions of the bill, they may make the railroad from
Panama to Cruces, and there stop; and what is
the result? "Why, you give them $2,500,000 at
least, -if not §3,^50,000, for making twenty-five or
twenty-six miles of railroad. In this way, you
give them double the amount which, according to
'"the estimates of Colonel Abert, is necessary to
make the railroad all the way. Now, do Senators
intend to do that? Where is the guarantee that it
will not be done? It is not in this bill. I will read
the amendment, or that part of it, which will show
that 1 cannot be mistaken in my construction of it.
It is as follows:
Pronded, That the annual sum to be paid for such trans-
portation fshal! not exceed the sum of §2o0,OOO per annum:
~lnd provided, That no payment under such eontiaet shall
be made until said railroad shall be so tar advanced as to
permit said transportation across the Isthmus" 6t Panama
wholly by >ttaui power.
Mark, sir, it is not wholly by steam power, or
a railroad from ocean to ocean. That is not the
provision; but that the transportation shall be by
steam power, allowing them to carry by steamboat
to Cruce£.
Mr. WEBSTER. But there is another proviso
which requires the railroad to be commenced
