1849.
the congressional globe.
401
ties—may be obviated by the slightest modification
or amendment of the bill.
Bu*t, sir, I will leave this part of the subject, and
proceed to the consideration of the amount to be
paid to this company annually. It is five per cent,
upon the cost of the projected road,
Mr. UNDERWOOD", (interposing.) I would
ask the honorable Senator how he makes that out?
Colonel Abert estimates the cost of the road at only
four millions of dollars.
Mr. DAYTON. His estimate, including every
arrangement in connection with the road, makes
the cost five millions, and two hundred and fifty
thousand dollars paid yearly upon that makes five
per cent., and this is to be paid annually after the
road shall be completed. Then we must take into
consideration the wear of the road. What will it
cost to keep the road in repair? In New England,
or say Massachusetts, it costs eight per cent, to
keep a railroad, m repair. And tVelve percent,
would certainly be a very moderate calculation for
keeping this road and matters connected with it in
repair; so that the proprietors will have to make
seventeen percent, before the invested capital can
realize a farthing."' The great mistake, 1 repeat, is
in supposing that all this money is to be paid at
once. It is to be paid annually, and amounts to
only five per cent. At the end of ten years this
payment ceases altogether, and then those who
have invested capital hazard the whole.
" But," says the Senator from Kentucky, " this
is a mere gratuity. Upon what data do you calcu-
late these two hundred and tifty thousand dollars?"
Well now, sir, it is perfectly obvious that no data
can be obtained which will enable you to ascertain,
in so many dollars and in so many cents, how
much this Government should' pay this company
for services which they may render, because esti-
mates of'such a character as these, from the very
nature of things, are not susceptible of that species
of dollar and cent calculation. 'But let us see,
according to the Senator's own estimate, whether
this appropriation be a mere gratuity, as he imagines
it.
In the first place, he says that the number of
men in the employment-©!* the Government, who
may be sent over that road, may reach ten thousand,
and that the cost of their transportation will amount
to forty thousand dollars. He also calculates that
ten thousand tons of freight may be sent across
the road by the Government, which will amount
to forty thousand dollars more, making in all eighty
thousand dollars per annum. But my fiiend has
made some mistakes in his calculations. His first
mistake is in not making any estimate for the re-
turn of passengers and freight. He merely provides
for the carrying of persons and freight in one di-
rection, making no estimate for their transportation
back again. In the second place, he estimates the
price of transportation at four dollars per head for
passengers, and four dollars per ton for freight,
when by the tanlF of rates established in the bill
the price of transportation is fixed at eight dollars
per head and eight dollars per ton for the first five
years; not a high charge lor transportation, con-
sidering the cost of the road and the expenses
incident to its management, and for keeping it in
order. It will be seen by this, that estimating the
cost of transportation according to -the tanff of
rales found in the bill, you have, simply for the
transportation of your men and stores, one hundred
and sixty thousand dollars a year.
But, sir, what is to become of our mails? Are
we to allow nothing for them ? ' Let me call the at-
tention of my-friend from Kentucky and the Sen-
ate to one fact in reference to this question of data,
and we shall see whether this is a very unusual
or heavy allowance to this company, as compared
with the allowances which the Government has
been in the habit of making for the transportation
of the mails to other counuies. We have a mail
route to Chagres, and from Panama to Oregon.
Theie are five ships employed on the route to
Chao-res that cost about two millions of dollars,
and we pay two hundred and ninety thousand
dollars annually for the transportation of our mails
alone upon this route; in oLher words, upon a
capital of two millions invested m these five ships
we pay for the transportation of our mails alone
two hundred and ninety thousand dollars. Now,
take the other side, from Panama to Oiegun.
Three ships, of a smaller size than those employed
upon the other route, costing in the aggregate about
eight hundred thousand dollars, are employed upon
this route, and we pay them two hundred thousand
dollars annually for carrying the mail alone;-in
other words, upon a capital of about two and two-
thirds millions of dollars invested in the transport-
ation of the mails alone over these two routes,
you pay four hundred and ninety ^thousand dol-
lars per annum; and now, upon a capital of five
millions to be invested in this railroad, we are only
called upon to pay two hundred and fifty thousand
dollars a year for the transportation of the army,
navy, naval stores, munitions of war, and the mails
besides. But let us leave this line for a short time,
and look at anotfier, that route between New
York and Liverpool. There are five ships em-
ployed in that line, with a capital of about two mil-
lions of dollars, the cost of the ships amounting
to about that sum. To that company we pay for
the transportation of the mail alone three hundred
and eighty-five thousand dollars per annum. Five
millions is the estimated cost of the construction
of the Panama road, and this Government stipu-
lates to pay no more than the interest upon that
sum. The Government now pays, I believe, upon
all roads running South to New Orleans at the
rate of two of three per cent, on the cost of the
road. Now, I appeal to my friend from Kentucky,
I appeal to the Senate, whether, compared with
the present rates, which the Government has been
in the habit of paying for transporting the mails,
the amount proposed to be paid to this company,
who design to carry out this great enterprise, which
will reflect so much credit upon our country, is
not exceedingly moderate, and far below the aver-
age which has been allowed for similar services in
time past? While upon this subject, the ,Senate
will pardon me for saying that these contracts into
which we have entered for carrying the mail to
foreign countries, for which we pay a sum far be-
yond the amount of postage likely to accrue from
them, are not only precedents in reference to the
amount to be paid for similar services, but they
are precedents m reference to the principle, to wit:
that the Ggvernment will, for any legitimate and
fair purpose, encourage a company, oy engaging
to advance an amount annually which will induce
them to enter into the business.
I submit, therefore, that this is no gratuity. I
submit, that in every aspect in which this question
can be considered, it is fair and right that this
Government, determined as it is to keep the great
highway between the two oceans open, and to
keep our communication between our eastern and
western coasts free, should encourage a company
which is about to hazard so heavy an amount as
this company will hazard. And in this connection
I will say that I differ most widely from the Sen-
ator from Kentucky in relation to the heavy re-
ceipts and heavy profits which that Senator sup-
poses will be realized by this company. I have
not the slightest idea that the commerce of Asia is
ever going to cross the Isthmus of Panama. That
idea, I think, and I speak it with great deference I
to the Senator from Kentucky, is one of those wild [
speculations which the future will not justify. I
Mr. UNDERWOOD, (interposing.) I did not
give that as my opinion, but merely as an idea |
extensively entertained by the public. j
Mr. DAYTON. If it is only the honorable |
Senator's speculation, based upon the speculations
of others more extravagant in their anticipations
than himself, there is no argument to be fairly
predicated upon the subject. It is enough to say
that the measurement of the sailing distance from
New York, or any other port in this part of the
country, around Cape Horn, and the measurement
of the same distance across the isthmus, will not
show a difference large enough in favor of the j
isthmus to justify the idea that there will be a i
general disenibarcation and rcembarcation of goods :
either on this or the other side of the isthmus. To i
some extent, it may be so. 1 do not mean to deny, i
that to some extent it will be so; but I mean to j
say, that in my poor judgment, the principal tiade I
between lis and Asia will never be diverted across j
that isthmus. But we will get our own trade and j
the European trade with our western coast, and |
with the South American coast, and with the whole j
trade in the Pacific across this isthmus. j
One word, Mr. President, in reference to these I
routes, about which so much has been said, and it \
shalTbe but a word. As 1 s^id before, it seems '
to me that this Tehuantepec route is not an open j
question. It is not befoie us. Why, sir, who is :
to build—and I ask it with great respect for the I
advocates of that route—this Tehuantepeoroad,
about two hundred miles long, and with an eleva-
tion of some seven hundred feet? Sir, I have*
letter written by Colonel Abert, than whom there
is no one more competent to furnish information
upon this subject. I will read Colonel Abert's
communicaiion.
[Mr. D. read the communication, dated " Bu-
reau of Topographical Engineers, Washington,
February I, 1849."]
From that letter it will be seen that a road across
the Isthmus of Tehuantepec, supposing it to cost
as much per mile as the Panama road, will cost
about thirteen millions of dollars. Now, who is
to build this road for a mere temporary purpose?
for, mind you, we all concur that this route, across
whatever isthmus it may be, is to be but a mere
temporary affair, so far as the interests of this
country are concerned, and that ultimately we are
to have a grand route from our own rivers to our
Pacific coast. Who, then, is to build this Tehuan-
tepec road, costing, at the very lowest calculation,
thirteen millions ot dollars? In what time is it to
be built, if built at all? Why, sir, the engagement
now proposed to be made is to last only for ten
years, and it will take a longer time than that to
complete the Tehuantepec road. It seems to me
that that route is an obsolete idea; and I suspect that
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Webster,] and the honorable Senator from Dela-
ware, [Mr. Clayton,] had not looked into the
statements made by our engineers and others who
have examined this matter, or they would never
have expressed a preference for that route. They
could not have examined the views of Colonel
Abert, Lieutenant Maury, Commodore Perry, and
many American engineers, or they would have
known that the Tehuantepec route is utterly im-
practicable. There is not sufficient water, either
on this or the other side of the isthmus, to enable
us to get into and upon the road. In the memoriaj
read to the Senate this morning, it is estimated by
a Spanish engineer that the depth of water is
twenty feet, but the explorations made.by offi-
cers of our navy duiing the Mexican war, show
that there is not more than twelve and a half feet
of water in the channel. They were greatly sur-
prised when the result was first ascertained, and
they tried it over and over again, and found it
would not go over that depth.
Mr. FOOTE (interposing.) I would inform the
honorable Senator that the memorial which I pre-
sented this morning only claims twelve feet.
Mr. DAYTON. Mr. President, if but twelve
feet are claimed, how can ships get in upon-that
route. But now as to the other side, how much is
claimed there?
Mr. FOOTE. I think about seven feet.
Mr. DAYTON. That ends the question as to 0
the practicability of the Tehuantepec route alto-
gether. It is totally impracticable.
I would now ask what will be saved by the Te-
huantepec route? It is said that it is something
nearer to our country than the Panama route. I
suspect there is a great mistake in respect to that
point also, as the facts will justify. The Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Webster] is right in
supposing that it is no nearer to the ports of the
Atlantic than the Panama route. On the contrary,
if you judge of distance by the time required to
sail thither, it is further from the eastern ports to
the mouth of the Huascoalcos river than to Chagres.
From New York to Navy Bay, which is the point
of the Panama route, is 1,92U miles. From New
York to Tehuantepec, if you go through the Flor-
ida pass, it is only 1,800 miles, being a difference
in favor of^the latter route of 120 miles. But,
owing ^ the Gulf stream and the eddies and cur-
rents'™ that part of the ocean, a large portion of
the trade goes east and south of Cuba by the outer
route, as it is called, a distance of 2,370 miles, be-
ing 450 miles, in point of distance, in favor of the
route to Panama.
Now, sir, how is it in regard to the time con-
sumed in sailing to these points from any of our
ports ? Take either one or the other loutc to Te-
huantepec, and a vessel can sail to Chagres, from
any of our eastern ports, quicker than to that
isthmus; and when they get there, the advantages
of the Isthmus of Panama are at least equal to those
of Tehuantepec.
Mr, DOWNS, (interposing.) I would ask the
honorable Senator if the contract for carrying the
mails from New York to Chagres dogs not require
