462
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb'. 6,
the mail steamers to stop at New Orleans; and if
so, if that does not render the route to Panama
longer than that to Tehuantepec? ^ ^
Mr. DAYTON. The Senator from Louisiana
will not, of course, suppose that in speaking of
these routes and the course of trade, i refer exclu-
sively to these few ships employed in carrying the
mail. I am speaking of the general course of trade.
If you confine yourself to these few ships only,
then I admit that the distance is somewhatincreased
—some five or six hundred miles perhaps. But,
even in that event, the disadvantage is more than
made when they arrive at the Isthmus of Panama,
wheie there is a harbor m which the vessels of the
woild may ride in safety; while atrthe .sthmusof
Tehuantepec there is scarcely any harbor at all,
and where for four months in the year—during the
"season of "northers"—vessels do not ordinarily
approach within miles of the coast, because they
dare not do it.
Now let us look at the state of affairs on the
other side of the continent. Tehuantepec is some
eight hundred or a thousand miles Nearer to the
Oregon coast, but it is also that distance further off
frongi the trade of the South American coast, which
is much greater than the trade of Oregon. Tehuan-
tepcc is also further off, and more inconveniently
situated in reference to the great whale trade of the
Pacific. The whale ships do not come nearTe-
huantepec. They have nothing whatever to do with
that part of the coast on which Tehuantepec is sit-
uated, and this trade is one of very great import-
ance. In every aspect the Panama route is to be
preferred. It is practicable, but the Tehuantepec
route is not; and, as for advantages, the Panama
route lias a hundred where the latter 1ms but one.
I submit, therefore, Mr. President, that, looking
at this matter either a<? to the amount to be paid,
or as to the advantages to the Government, or
as to the future interests of the country, true
policy requires that the Government should now
encourage this company to keep open this line of
communication between this and the other side of
the conunent. It is a legitimate, a fair, and right-
eous appropriation of the funds of the Govern-
ment, for the purpose of increasing, enlarging, and
facilitating our commercial intercourse with all the
nations of the earth.
Mr. WEBST ER. Mr. President, in my opinion,
unless this bill shall pass, we shall find ourselves
a year hence in exactly the same condition with
regard to communication with the western shore
of tills continent that we now are. And whether
we should adopt this bill or not, depends upon the
general view which we entertain of the necessity
or high utility or expediency of proceeding as soon
as may be to open a communication aeioss the
continent somewhere, from the Atlantic to the
Pacific Ocean. 1 have no idea, that, without the
assistance in advance, so far as anything is pledged
in advance by this bill, this communication will
ever be made. I am sure it will not. It requires
a very great sum of money. It requires heavy
capital and much credit to raise it. It has to be
expended a good way from home, under agencies,
some of them sent from this country, some of
them found, as well as they may be found, there.
Now, let us look at the general aspect of the
case, and see whether it be necessary or expedient
on the part of the Government to encourage and
set forward the making of this communication;
nod then, in the next place, whether the terms
proposed in the memorial upon which this bill is
founded, or in the amendment proposed, are rea-
sonable. The basis of the whole, sir, is our treaty
with New Granada, which was ratified by this
body, and proclaimed m June, 1848. ^Looking to
the secuuty of a mode of communication across
the continent at this isthmus, this Government
took great pains to obtain the right fiotn the Gov-
ernment of New Granada, and by the treaty it is
stipulated that whatsoever communication should
be made across the isthmus, should be open to the
Government of the United States and citizens of
the United States upon as good terms as to the
citizens of New Granada itself. This Government,
looking.upon that as a benefit obtained, a boon
conceded by the Government of New Granada, on
its part, as an equivalent for tins consideration,
enteied into an engagement to protect, and guar-
anty, and ^defend the neutrality of this whole
isthmus. Phis will be seen by reference to the
thirty-fifth article of the treaty, which will be
found in the volume of the laws of the last session. ;
It is there very distinctly stated. There is no
question about it. We are under treaty obligations
to maintain the neutrality of this isthmus, and the
authority of the Government of New Granada
over it.
Now, it so happens, that some time before—two
or three years pievious—the Government of New
Granada had made a grant to ceitain citizens of
France and England, enabling them to make this
railroad and hold an exclusive property. One of
the terms and conditions of that grant was, that
I something should be done, or a ceitain deposite
should be made, within a certain period. I believe
six hundred thousand francs, or some such large
sum was to be deposited within a certain period.
Progress was not made by that company in getting
ready the deposite in money, but, as it so happened,
the charter of the French company had not quite
run out" when this Government ratified the treaty
with New Granada. It ran out soon afterwards,
however; so that no embarrassment arose from
that act. The time ran out, and the charter reverted
to the Government of New Granada, because the
French company had not made good their deposite.
Under these circumstances, sir, a new contract was
entered into by the persons whose names are
attached to this memorial. They are not assignees
of any l^rerrch company, as the Senator from
Kentucky suggested, but stand in the place of
original grantees from the Government of New
Granada, and by the terms contained in the grant
they have now the privilege of making this railroad
across the isthmus, having eight years to do it in.
The honorable {Senator Irom Kentucky thinks
that it would have been better if the Government
of the United States had appeared earlier and taken
upon itself to make this raiiroad, according to
our old-fashioned ways of internal improvements.
Well, suppose that were so: how does it bear upon
the question now before us? We have not the grant.
Wc cannot obtain the grant, it is in the hands
of otheis, and, in my opinion, much better lor
our purpose than in the possession ot the Govern-
ment. At any late, the only question now before
us is the propriety or the expediency, or the im-
propriety or the inexpediency, of assisting forward
the making of this road under the grant, the pur-
port of which is exhibited m the memorial now
before us. That is the whole question. It was
put upon that ground by the honorable Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Denton-,] and the only prac-
tical question is, is it worth our while, at this
expense, and for this purpose, to encourage the
making of this road? Now, sir, there are two con-
siderations which piesent themselves. One of them
is propel ly stated in the bill itself. One inducement
to Government is to provide for the transportation
of its own troops, munitions of war, naval stores,
mails, &.c. Kul it is obvious at, once that that is
not the only object. Does the Government look
to nothing but the transportation of its own ma-
terials, mails, and troops.1' Does it nut look, as in
other instances of large extent, to a general public
accommodation—an accommodation ot the people,
and convenience to the commerce of the country,
not likely to be obtained without this aid: That
larger and more general considenuion, that con-
sideration of geneiai utility to the uade and com-
merce of the country, is certainly, if not the greatest,
equally great, m my judgment, with any that re-
suits irom the mere saving of expense m the trans-
portation of troops, munitions ot war, and the
mails. Well, then, it we have guaiantied the
neutrality of the isthmus; if we maintain a commu-
nication uy steamships from the Atlantic ports to
this end ot the road, at a great expense; if we main-
tain a communication m like manner from the pons
of the Pacific to the other end ot the load at Pana-
ma, at a great expense, the question is a question
of practical good sense and expediency, whether
we isiiail connect these two lines of water'commu-
nication by land communication, or whether the
terms of tiie contract now befoie us are reason-
able.
Certainly, it must strike everybody, it seems to
me, that it is desirable that there bhould be this
passage across the isthmus, since -we have ex-
pended so much money to get to the isthmus, both
on the one side and on tiie other.
Weil, then, what are the teims of the contract?
Are they reasonable or unreasonable? 1 do not
intend to say more in this respect than to piesent
to the Senate some few general estimates and state-
ments, which every man's experience will' autho-
rize him to jud^e of, and I think with regard to
the correctness of which there can be but very little
doubt. The estimated cost of the road, according
to Colonel Abert, is five millions of dollars, or
thereabouts; fhat is to say, Colonel Abert begins
by stating the average cost of railroads in the New
England States at forty-nine or fifty thousand dol-
lars per mile. He allows fifty per cent, additional
cost for the nature of the country, the distance of
the place, and other causes naturally augmenting
the cost of constructing the road. Taking the dis-
tance to be fifty-two miles, the result is a cost for -
one track of $3,815,000; another track is half
a million move; so that, together, they make
$4,315,000. Well, then, it is certainly a very low
estimate to suppose that the difference between that
sum and five millions may be necessary for break-
waters, piers, and improvements in harbors, to
render both sides accessible and safe. Then,
again, there is the expense for warehouses, a very
important item, to be included within this residu-
um. Taking, then, the aggregate to be not less
than five millions of dollars, the question is, whether
it is not reasonable to expect this Government to
contribute such a sum towards the opening of this
communication between the two oceans as the pro-
posed substitute contemplates.
Now, sir, I do not see, I confess, any founda-
tion for such supposed large profits as the honor-
able member from Kentucky thinks likely to accrue.
Here are certain rates of passage and certain rates
of freight fixed in this bill. The rates of passage
are eight dollars per man or passenger for the first
five years; afterwards a low rate is stipulated.
Now, upon any estimate we may make of that,
what will be the amount of income from passengers
a year5 As far as we can now judge, how many
people per day would be likely to travel over this
road 15 Why, I can well imagine that, at some
seasons of the year, there would be a great many
passengers; but I suppose that at other seasons,
although necessary for the company to keep up
thesameequipment,and to incur thesameexpense,
there would be very few passengers.
But does any one suppyse that, for the next ten
years, it will not be a high estimate to calculate
that a hundred passengers a day will pass over
that road? That would be to suppose that vessels
would arrive there with a hundred passengers a
day. I have no idea that that number would be
conveyed. And as to goods, or freights, the Sen-
ator from Kentucky supposes that the amount to
be conveyed will be about ten thousand tons a
year. But suppose the passengers to be a hundred
a day, there is eight hundred dollars a day. Sup-
pose the goods will amount to one hnndred tons a
day, (three times as much in a year as the Senator
estimates,) that makes another eight hundred dol-
lars, and m the aggregate, sixteen hundred dollars
a day. Then, if you allow three hundred working
days for the year, the amount of the gross receipts
will be four hundred and eighty thousand dollars.
Well, if this were all clear income, it would be very
well; but that is subject to a very great reduction
for the expenses of keeping the road in operation,
as m the case of all other railroads. It will be
necessary to make the proper reduction for the
expense to be necessarily incurred. Now, Col.
Abert's estimates make the expenses and repairs
equal toonc-halfofthegross receipts;consequently,
equal to two hundred and forty thousand dollars a
year. This will be found to be stated in Colonel
Abert's letter. The whole amount of clear receipts,
then—two hundred and foity thousand dollais—
will be less than five per cent, on the capital to be
in\ ested.
To take another view of it. Suppose that sev-
enty-five persons a d^y, and seventy-five tons of
goods—which is quite as much, perhaps, as may
be expected—puss over the road; upon a like esti-
mate, allowing three hundred working days to the
year, the result will be an income amounting to a
little over three per cent, on the capital. Of course,
if you suppose that the passengers will not exceed
fifty, it reduces the sum stii! more, and renders the
dividend"on the capital not quite two and a half
per cent. Now, we must consider the practical
operation of this road to be the same as that of
others. We have built roads over the United
States, North and South, at various degrees of
cost. The Hdilem nuhoud, I believe, cost fpur
millions of dollais, being fifty thousand dolkus a
mde for eighty miles. The Hudson river ladroad,,
it is said, has cost about fifty thousand dollars a
