THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, fcY BLAIft & RIVES;
30th Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1849.
New Series No. 30.
NAVAL AGENCY IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. VINTON", under instructions, he said, from
the Committee of Ways and Means, offered the
following as an additional section, to come in at
the end of the bill:
Set. 3. Jlrtd, be it further enacted, That in lieu of the pay
now allowed by law, a purser, when by order of the Secre-
tary of the Navy, attached to and doing ^uty at the naval
elation of California, shall rcceive the same pay as if at-
tached to a frigate in commission for sea-service: Provided,
That riot more than one purser shall at the same time be at-
tached to the said station, on general or special duty: Jlixd
provided further. That this soetion shall continue in force
for the period of two years and no longer.
Mr. VINTON said that he had before him a
letter from the Secretary of the Navy recommend-
ing that this provision should be made. The Sec-
retary of the Navy had also called upon him and
had stated that when this agent was sent out to
California (being detached there on special duty)
the sutfi of fifteen hundred dollars only would be
allowed him. The Secretary had also stated that
the salary of the purser, when on service in a sea-
going frigate, would be three thousand dollars per
annum. By a construction which had been put
upon the law (and which was probably the cor-
rect construction) at the department, the sum of
fifteen hundred dollars only was allowed under the
circumstances of the case; and taking into view the
existing state of things in California, it had been
thought expedient to concur in this recommenda-
tion made by the Secretary of the Navy, but to
confine the operation of the provision to the period
of two years.
Mr. BRODHEAD called for the reading of the
amendment, which was again read.
Mr. SCHENCK was understood to inquire
where the naval station in California was? There
was a Pacific squadron.
Mr. VINTON sent to the Clerk's table the letter
of the Secretary of the Navy; which was read.
Mr. V. also sent to the table the instructions
given by the Navy Department to the purser;
"which were also read.
Mr. BOWLIN inquired of the Chairman if the
amendment was open to amendment?
The CHAIRMAN having answered affirma-
tively—
Mr. BOWLIN proposed an amendment, to
double the present pay'of the officers, seamen,
and marjnes on the California station.
Mr. BOWLIN (in explanation) said that if the
reason was good for the increase of the pay of the
purser, it was equally good in respect to every
sailor and officer on that station. He was opposed
to this special legislation. He knew not how this
particular proposition had come here, or who it
■was that was to be the beneficiary under it. But
he, insisted that if the reasons which had been
assigned in the letter of the Secretary of the Navy
•were not good for the regulation of the salary of
all, it was demonstrable that this proposition was
for the benefit of some particular individual. Were
not the officers and seamen of our navy who were
on service on that station as much affected by the
state of things in California as the purser? If the
salary of one was to be raised, he thought that the
salaries of all should be raised, upon the ground
that provisions had become so dear, that the in-
crease in the salary was necessary to enable them
to support themselves. He was opposed to all
special legislation of this kind. The objection
which he entertained towards the amendment was
based upon grounds of sheer justice. If the salary
of one was to be raised, all ought to be put upon
the same footing, because the reason which was
applicable in one case was applicable in all. He :
could not see how the proposition should be made ;
• applicable to a purser alone, and to none others.
He should insist upon his amendment, so that all
might be put on the same footing.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, took the floor.
Mr. BOWLIN withdrew his amendment, to en-
able Mr. King to explain.
Mr. KING renewed the amendment.
Mr. K., in explanation of the amendment of the
Committee of Ways and Means, proceeded to re-
mark, that up to this time, we had had on the
80
Pacific station one naval agency. -That agency
had been stationed at Lima, for which the Govern-
ment had paid the sum of four thousand dollars
per annum. The duties of that agency had been
discharged by a mercantile house there. It was
now supposed by the Secretary of the Navy, that
inasmuch'as there was no agency authorized by
law in California, it would be proper to place there
a purser in the naval service, and to charge him
with the duties which had been heretofore per-
formed by the naval agency at Lima, inasmuch as
!: a large portion of our naval force would be em-
ployed all the time on the coast of California.
But this purser would be required to perform
other, and very responsible duties besides those
necessarily appertaining to the office of purser.
He was required by the Secretary of* the Navy to
remain on shore, and to act as navy agent. His
expenses would necessarily be much greater on
shore than on shipboard. He would have to hire
lodgings, to pay his board, and to incur various
expenses, besides having to bear great responsibil-
ities by the purchase of all articles necessary to
furnish the fleet on the California station. Al-
though the Secretary of the Navy, in relation to
this matter, had rather passed over the Committee
on Naval Affairs, yet he (Mr. K.) had had occa-
sion to look into it, and he thought that the re-
quest of the Secretary was reasonable and proper.
I If the proposition was carried out, instead of
i increasing the expenses of the Navy Department,
, it was Intended to reduce them—the expenses of
, the agency at Lima being now, as he had said,
about four thousand dollars annually. The amend-
. ment was designed as a measure of necessity and
of economy.
Mr. NICOLL rose to ask a question, the pur-
port of which may be understood by the answer
of—
Mr. KING, who said that he did not understand
that the agency at Lima had yet been discontinued.
It was, however, in the power of the department
to discontinue it.
Mr. VINTON said the Secretary of the Navy
did not think it proper that the agency should be
discontinued until the present experiment had been
tried. The intention was to follow this up by
abolishing the agency. This amendment proposed
to give three thousand dollars to this agent, in the
place of the one at Lima.
Mr. KING. In other words, the amendment
gives the sum of fifteen hundred dollars in addition
to the authorized salary of the purser.
* Mr. GRINNELL put an inquiry to Mr. King,
of which nothing was heard.
Mr. KING said (in reply) that it was custom-
ary upon all stations, and especially upon foreign
stations, (though this happened to be a home sta-
tion,) for pursers to draw funds for the use of the
squadrons on those stations. It was evident that
our sqtiadrons in the Pacific must have funds. He
supposed that the purser or navy agent might as
well be authorized to draw upon the department
at home as upon the house of Barings in London.
The object was ultimately to reduce the expenses
of the naval service in the Pacific about two thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
Mr. K. withdrew the amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK renewed it. It was, he said, ij
a little remarkable, perhaps millennial, that the ;j
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Bowlin] and him- i;
self should meet upon the question of reform. j'
There was a good deal in what the gentleman had ji
said. Here was an entering wedge towards rais- i!
ing the salaries of officers m California on account i:
of the gold mines which had been discovered there. 1
Perhaps, in another view, he (Mr. S.) was a lit-
tie more extreme than that gentleman. He (Mr. :
S.) had been disposed to regard the discovery of !j
these mines as a measure of retributive justice to ;
this country for having stolen the whole of the ;■
country. He regarded it as one of the greatest /
curses that could have befallen the nation, by rea- :*
son of the feverish excitement and the gambling j;
disposition which it had spread over the whole
country. But let that pass. t \\
Mr. $. then adverted to the suggestions which >;
1 had been thrown out that the Government must
I give extraordinarily high salaries to thosfe in its
! employ, or that they would all go to digginggold.
And here was a proposition to increase the salary
of the purser. He doubted much the propriety
of shifting this n*£val station until it was known
what the course of this Government was to he in
relation to California; and what government we
were to have there, if we were to have any. He
doubted very much'whether Congress should act
upon the supposition that no naval station was to
be kept up at Lima, or at Valparaiso. His word
for it, it would be found that the agency at Lima
would not be discontinued. Why not have a
naval storekeeper at once? Why should Congress
depart from the ordinary modes concerning these
appointments, unless for the reason suggested by
the gentleman from Missouri. There was not a
single reason which could be given for the increase
of this salary which would not apply with equal
force to all others on that station.
Mr. HOLMES, of South Caroling, (profGrma)
renewed the amendment to the amendment. He
remarked that there was not a better friend of the
navy in this House than his friend who had just
spoken [Mr. Schenck] ; there was also not a more
bitter enemy to California, and to the interests of
that country, than his friend, who suffered his en-
mity to the Mexican war and the results thereof
to neutralize his gOQ^l feelings to the navy.
The whole question was, first, one of economy;
and secondly, a question of justice.
As to economy: no person who had read the
letter of the Secietary of the Navy could doubt
that a saving of money,'and a saving of exactly
$2,500, would be effected.
Mr. SCHENCK wished to inquire of the gen-
tleman from South Carolina, if he believed that
| the naval station at Lima would be, or should be,
t discontinued?
I Mr. HOLMES replied, that his answer was a
very plain one. It so happened that we had but
i one naval station on the Pacific, and that at Lima;
! that station possessed all the requisites of the Pa-
j cific naval service. Now, would we have the sta-
| tion at Lima or San Francisco ?
i This amendment would effect a saving of $1,500;
! he thought, therefore, his friend from Missouri,
[Mr. Bowlin,] who was so great an advocate for
economy,-and ^he House, should sustain this prop-
osition.
The other question-was one of justice. Now,
it was a most curious mode of reasoning, which
he could not understand, when he showed that ari
act of justice should be done to a particular indi-
vidual, that gentlemen should refuse to do it, be-
cause, peradventuie, they had not the opportunity
of doing justice in all other cases. The principle
was the same as that a man who owed a debt of
fifty dollars to one individual, and who was able
to pay it, should not do so until he got ten thou-
sand dollars to pay all his creditors. In this case,
gross injustice would be done to an officer, who
received on board a vessel of the first class §4,000,
by transferring him to a position on shore, where he
would receive but §1,500 for the discharge of highly
important duties; where every clerk, who could
write his name and keep accounts, received m that'
country $.2,500; where flour was selling at $5G per
barrel; where the chief cook of the chief hotel re-
ceived §1,500—a compensation about equal to that
of members of Congress.
After some conversation—
Mr. HOLMES withdrew the amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. MURPHY (on a pro forma amendment to
the amendment) said it appeared that this case
narrowed itself down to two points, first, was it
necessary that there should be an agency within
our own borders on the Pacific? It was said by
the Secretary of the Navy, in the instructions which
had been read, that heretofore the disbursements
in the navy had been either by sending out the
specie to the Pacific, or by drawing bills there upon
London; but that, in consequence of the production
of precious metals in California, about which there
could be no doubt in this House or in the country,
