466
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 6,
it was quite likely that all the expense (and a great
expense-it had been) of transmitting precious met-
als for coin and the payment of exchange upon
London, would be obviated by drawing bills upon
the department here by pursers in California. The
Secretary, therefore, directed Pur3er Price, if he
pould dispose of these bills upon the department
here above par, to do so. Now, if it could be done,
the saving that Would be made to tha Government
of the United States was so obvious that it ap-
peared to him there could be no two opinions in
this House upon the subject; and when they took
into consideration the great facilities which were
to be extended to our commerce in those seas by
tions which were not involved in the amendments.
He therefore overruled the point, and decided that
the inquiry of the gentleman,from Illinois was m
ordeV.
Mr. TOOMBS appealed from the decision of the
Chair, and remarked that the usage to which the
Chairman alluded was a very bad one, and ought
to be done away with.
Some conversation followed upon the appeal,
in the course of which—
Mr. BURT said he thought the Chairman was
mistaken as to the precedents in this committee.
The practice, according 10 his recollection, had not
been uniform to allow these general discussions;
the establishnient of an agency of that kind—a *jj but whenever the point of order had been made
agency which would absorb the means there in
Government bills—it was apparent that by it they
would be doing immense advantage to the com- > f
mercial interests of the country, as well a3 facili- ;j
tating the operation of the Government. j;
Now, should we nor have an agency in Califor- jj
nia rather than in South America? Should we not, I;
from every reason of interest, of patriotism, have .)
that agency within our borders instead of at Lima? ||
It was true, it was not proposed to dispense now jj
with the agency at Lima; but the Secretary said— h
what was perfectly obvious to every man—that jl
that agency must ultimately be dispensed with—an ;
agency which now cost the Government some four j
thousand dollars a year. It must be obvious that 1
the vessels which we would have in the Pacific and j
the expenses which we would incur in the Pacific, i
would be much larger in the northern part than in !
the southern part of that ocean; that much larger j
disbursements must be made within the borders of
which was now raised by the gentleman from
Michigan, it had been sustained by the committee,
if not by the Chair.
Some further conversation ensued, in the course
of which it appeared—the point being raised
by Mr. ASHMUN—-that Mr. White had not
withdrawn the amendment offered by him to the
amendment, and therefore that the amendment of
Mr. Ficklin- to the amendment was not in order.
The question of order, therefore, together with
the appeal, was superseded at this time.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mh Wkite to the amendment, and it was re-
jected.
The question recurring, on the amendment of
Mr. Vinton—
Mr. FICKLIN moved to amend the amend-
ment, by fixing the salary at $2,000, instead of
$3,000.
Before voting upon this question, he said, he
the United States upon the Pacific than upon the !| wished an answer to one or two preliminary ques-
South American coast. If, therefore, it were ne- fions. lie would first ask the chairman of the
cessary or proper to have ail agency at Lima, it !j Committee of Ways and Means what was the
was certainly much more so to have one within our j amount of the bond given by the purser at the
own borders. ,| California station?
Mr. WHITE renewed the amendment offered ,j Mr, VINTON replied that he was not able to
by Mr. Botfliv. He said he desired to inquire of j' aaswer. He had not inquired of the Secretary of
the chairman of-the.Comrmtteeof Ways and Means <\ the Navy what the amount of the bond was. lie
[Mr. Vivtok] whether he had compared the in- presumed such a bond was required as would cor-
structions given to this purser with the sub-treasury [• respond with the duties which were discharged,
law? whether they were drawn up in conformity ;! jvjr. FICKLIN said, as he understood the in-
to that law? For one, he (Mr. W.) was unwilling !i structions which had been rend, that purser had
to sanction, by the adoption of this amendment by ![ the right to draw for any amount of money called
this House, the violation of that law. If the chair- j] for in California, and it required a very heavy
man, who was an astute lawyer, and who was per- jj bond to cover the whole amount of money v/hich
fectly acquainted with all these questions, said that ji WOuld be received by the purser at that station.
Mr. MURPHY, m reply to the gentleman's in
these instructions were diawn up in conformity to
the law, he should peihaps feel bound to vote for it.
Mr. VINTON replied that he would simply
say that this amendment had nothing to do with
these instructions. The amendment simply pro-
posed to give to the agent at this naval station the
same p?iy os though he were serving on board a
frigate. That was all. Theie was nothing in it
about the instructions of the Secretary of the Navy
to pursers. The Secretary of the Navy would do
his duty. If he violated any law, he wpuld be
responsible. Of course the amendment did not
involve the House in responsibility for any viola-
tion of the sub-treasury law, if there had been any.
Mr. WHITE. I think it does.
Mr. FICKLIN said he would renew the amend-
ment to the amendment. He stated that there
were one or two preliminary questions which he
wished answered before he voted upon the araend-
! quiry, said that the power of the purser to draw,
: it was stated in the instructions, was expressly
' limited to such amount as the commander of the
I squadron should certify to be necessary for the
i purposes of the squadron.
! Mr. FICKLIN. How much is necessary for
the purposes of the squadron ?
j Mr. MURPHY's reply to the interrogatory
I was not heard.
' Mr. FICKLIN said he understood the gentle-
j man from New York, then, to say, that the purser
| could draw to the full amount of the necessary
i expenses of the squadron. Now, he wanted to
i know whether the bond which he gave was suffi-
| cient to cover those expenses?
! Mr. VINTON stated that the law directed the
! Secretary of the Navy to take such bonds as he
thought necessary, and he had the right to require
ment of the chairman of the Committee of W^ays }| additional bonds. He had not made the inquiry
and Means. He wished to learn either from that
gentleman or from any member of the Naval Com-
mittee 
Mr. STUART, of Michigan, interposed with
a point of order. He 6aid, if he understood the
provision of this five minutes rule, it was to allow
any gentleman to explain his amendment. Now,
he submitted whether it was in order for gentle-
men successively to offer amendments in order to
propound inquiries to the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, or for any other pur-
pose than the explanation provided for in the lan-
guage of the rule:
The CHAIRMAN was understood to say, that
of the Secretary. He took it for granted that the
! Secretary had required such a bond as was appro-
1 priate to the discharge of the duties.
^ Mr. FICKLIN expressed the opinion that the
' duties of this purser shftuld be defined and regula-
; ted by law. They were new and irregular.
' He withdrew the amendment,
i Mr. SCHENCK offered an amendment to the
amendment, to provide for a similar increase of
1 salary to the inspector of timber at t!?e same sta-
■ tion. Rejected.
I The question was then taken on the amendment
: of Mr. Vinton, and it was rejected.
The question now recurred upon the amendment
he must conform his decision to a very bad prece- , offered by Mr. Stanton*, providing for the repeal
dent. If the pomt now made were an original one, ;; 0f that section of the act of 1842, which restrains
he should have no hesitation at all in ruling ail .! promotions in the navy. *
this discussion out of c/der. Ent for a long time, jj jvir. McLAiNE had moved to amend the amend-
foralarge portion of the last session and the whole j ment as follows:
of this, he believed the uniform practice of the ;| Provided, That the whole number of lieutenants shall not
Committee had been the other way—to allow gen- ii exceed four hundred.
tj,«rc>en> upon pro forma amendments, to propound i! And Mr. McLane was entitled to the floor upon
inquiries, and to. enter into the discussion of ques- II his amendment.
After some conversation on a point of order—
Mr. TOOMBS raised the point that neither the
amendment nor the amendment to the amendment
was in order. The bill (he said) appropriated for
the naval service for the year 1850; it was not
competent to increase or decrease the officers of
the navy under it. The proposition was to re-
peal the act which limited the power of the Presi-
dent in reference to the appointment of officers in
the navy.
Mr. McLANE suggested that the point of order
came too late to apply to the original amendment,
as that had been offered on a previous day and
received and ruled in order.
Mr. TOOMJ3S. Not at all. It now comes up
for consideration, and this is the time to make the
point of order.
Mr. McLANE repeated, that the amendment
had been ruled in order on a previous day, and
that being in order, he claimed that the proviso
which he offered was necessarily in order also.
The CHAIRMAN said he would turn to the
act of 184'2, which was the subject of the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Stanton.]
Mr. TOOMBS submitted that no appropriation
of money was in order in an appropriation bill
without there was an antecedent law authorizing it.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, called for the reading
of that section of the law which was proposed to
be repealed.
The CHAIRMAN said, (in reply to the sug-
gestion of Mr. Toombs,) that when the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] had originally
offered his amendment, no objection was made to
it on a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN thought that the amendment
was not congruous to the appropriation before the
House, and therefore ruled that it, and also the
amendment of the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
McLaxe,] was not in order.
Some conversation between Mr. SCHENCK
and the CHAIRMAN followed.
Mr. McLANE appealed from the decision of the
Chair.
The CHAIRMAN stated the grounds of his
decision.
The question " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee?" was then
taken, and decided m the affirmative without a
division.
So the decision of the Chair was affirmed.
TRANSFER OF VESSELS.
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, offered the
following amendment:
Be Ujurther enaitcd, That the Secretary of War tie, anil
he hereby nuthoiizcd and directed, in conformity with
the reeoniiiiundation contained in ins annual report, [utrans-
fer to the Navy Department such ve-sets now belonging to
the War Department as in his judgment will promote the
public intei ests.
Mr. H., in explanation, said, that the whole
matter lay simply in this: Certain vessels had been
purchased by the Governmant during the late war,
among which were some valuable transports. After
the termination of the war, a number of these trans-
ports were sold by order of the War Department.
But there were certain vessels still necessary to
transport munitions, &c., for the support of our
army in California, and these vessels were now
under the regulation of the War Department. The
consequence was, that a large additional expense
was incurred by the Government.^ The Secretary
of War, therefore, recommended'to the committee
to sanction the transfer of these vessels to the Navy
Department, so that officers of the navy on shore
could be employed, and the expenses of the Gov-
ernment be thus economized.
Mr. KAUFMAN rose to a question of order.
The amendment of the gentleman did not apply
(Mr. K. said) to the appropriation in this bill,
which was a bill making appropriations for the na-
val service for the year.ending 30th June, 1849.
Mr. HOLMES suggested whether the amend- .
ment would be in order if he were to show that it
diminished the appropriations.
The CHAIRMAN was inclined strongly (he
said) to think that the amendment-was m order.
Some conversation followed, in which JVlessts.
HOLMES, SCHENCK, and TOOMBS, partici- '
^Mr. KING, ofGeorgia, explained that these ves-
sels were already in the service of the navy, to
