the Congressional globe.
Feb. 0,
Mr. McKAY read (by mistake) the section of-,
a law, not the ene applicable; and whilst the Clerk
was searching for that which Mr. McK. desired
to read—
Some conversation took place between Messrs.
McLANE, McKAY, and TOOMBS.
Mr. TOOMBS then rose to a question or order.
He submitted that it was not in order to send for
a law, and to dispense with the business of the
committee till it could be ascertained what the
law was. The committee wanted the decision of
the Chairman; that was all.
The CHAIRMAN said he was sorry to differ
from the gentleman from Geoigia, [Mr. Toombs.]
But in all cases where a bill, or any law explaining
a bill or motion was wanted, the delay of a few
moments had been acquiesced in by the House.
The Chairman knew a hundred instances in which
this had been clone. Before he undertook to give
his decision, he wished to be right; and then if
he was wrong, he would be happy to b#e over-
ruled by the committee.
Some conversation between Mr. SCHENCK
and the CHAIRMAN followed.
Mr. BURT said, that in order to give an oppor-
tunity to hunt up the law, he would move that the
committee rise.
Mr. VINTON said he hoped not.
The question was taken, and the vote stood:
Ayes 45, noes 75.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. VINTON begged to say, that the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means had got through with all
the amendments which they proposed to offer.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment of the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. McLane] is out of order.
Mr. McLANE appealed from the decision. He
was not disposed, he said, by any act of his, to
contribute to the disorder of the committee; but
he did not mean to surrender the point, except
after fair consideration.
Mr. DICKEY inquired if the appeal was de-
batable?
The CHAIRMAN answered in the negative.
Mr. McLANE called for the reading of the
amendment; which was read.
The CHAIRMAN said that the effect of the
amendment, as understood by the Chair, was to
go directly against the law which said that no such
appropriations should be entertained.
' The question " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee?" was
taken, and decided in the affirmative without a
division.
So the decision of the Chair was affirmed.
Mr. DICKINSON inquired of the Chair, if it
was in order to move that the committee rise, with
instructions or a recommendation ?
The CHAIRMAN said with a recommendation.
Mr. DICKINSON said he proposed that the
committee should rise and report the bill to the
House with a recommendation that the appropria-
tion contained in it be reduced to seven and a half
millions. Was that in order?
The CHAIRMAN thought it was not in order.
Mr. DICKINSON then moved that the com-
mittee rise and report the bill to the House.
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, said he had
an amendment to offer.
Mr. DICKINSON insisted on his motion that
the committee rise and report the bill to the House.
Mr. HOLMES. I say I have an amendment
to offer—you cannot rise.
The CHAIRMAN. So long as any amend-
ments are offered, the committee cannot rise and
repoit the bill.
Mr. POLLOCK submitted that the motion of
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Dickinson] to rise
and report the bill was not in order.
The CHAIRMAN said it was not.
Mr. DICKINSON then moved that the com-
mittee rise.
The CHAIRMAN said he so understood the
gentleman.
- Mr. HOLMES claimed to submit his amend-
ment.
_ The question on the motion that the committee
rise was then taken, and decided in the negative;
Yeas 44, noes 79.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. HOLMES now offered an amendment pro-
viding for the building of a floating dry dock, to
be stationed ^ some point on the Pacific coast, for
the use of.the United States navy.
He would, he said, make*only this remark: the
interests of the country required the adoption of
the amendment; and if gentlemen did not choose
to look to the interests of the country, he did not
care.
He then inquired whether there was any objec-
tion to the amendment on the point of order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has heard none.
But the Chair rules the amendment out of order.
Mr. VINTON moved that the committee rise
and report the bill.
Mr. SCHENCK inquired of the Chair whether
that motion was in order while an amendment was
pending ?~
The CHAIRMAN said there was no amend-
ment pending.
Mr. SCHENCK said he believed it was due to
courtesy that when a member rose to offer an
amendment, he should be permitted to do so, and
that a motion that the committee rise and report
the bill should not in that event be made.
The CHAIRMA"N said that the motion to rise
and report the bill opened the whole question.
Therefore it was in order to offer an amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK said that was as he understood
it. He therefore moved the following amendment:
Be it, enacted, That for paying the salaries of an additional
number of lieutenants in the navy, tile sum of fifteen thou-
sand dollars be, and tile same is hereby, appropriated out of
any money in the tieasurynnt otherwise appropiiated : Pro-
vuled, That tile promotions whieh may bp made sliall not in-
crease the whole number of lieutenants beyond four hun-
dred.
Mr. FICKLIN said that the same amendment
had been offered once or twice before.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
order.
Mr. SCHENCK said, it was nothing like the
amendment which had been offered.
The CHAIRMAN said, very possibly; he did
not say that it was like anything in the world; but
it was out of order.
Mr. SCHENCK said he understood the whole
bill was now open to amendment.
The CHAIRMAN said any amendments that
were in ord.er might be received.
Mr. SCHENCK inquired upon what ground
the Chair had ruled the amendment out of order?
He asked, as a matter of courtesy, to be informed
by the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN said the gentleman was out
of order.
Mr. SCHENCK said he proposed to appeal
from the decision. He had courteously inquired
upon what ground the amendment was ruled out of
order. If he was wiong, he would not press the
interrogatory. He supposed that was correct.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman takes an
appeal ?
Mr. SCHENCK said he did, and he asked that
the amendment might be read.
The amendment having been read—
The CHAIRMAN said he decided it to be out
of order, because not congruous to the purposes of
the bill, which were merely purposes of appropri-
ation. The amendment provided for an additional
number of officers not contemplated by, and there-
fore contrary to, law.
Mr. SCHENCK asked to be allowed to in-
quire 
[Loud cries to order !]
The question, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee ?" was then
taken, and decided in the affirmative without a di-
vision.
So the decision of the Chair was affirmed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to amend the bill by
increasing the pay of each lieutenant one hundred
dollars; and inquired if that amendment was in
order ?
The CHAIRMAN said, he conceived it was
not.
Mr. SCHENCK inquired, if he could move to
increase the amount appropriated in the bill one
hundred dollars for the pay of officers and men ?
He believed the whole bill was open to amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN said, that so long as an
amendment was pending, the committee would sit,
unless it should rise and ask leave to sit again.
Mr. SCHENCK said, it was competent, he be-
lieved , to go back ?
The CHAIRMAN answered in the negative.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, said, that as there was
no amendment pending,"the question wason rising
and reporting the bill and amend ment to the House.
Mr. SCHENCK desired to„move to instruct the
committee to report the bill to the House, with a
recommendation to amend it.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the motion out of
order.
Mr. SCHENCK (continuing) said, with a rec-
ommendation to recommit the bill with instruc-
tions to alter the amount provided for the pay of
the officers of the navy.
The CHAIRMAN said the motion was out of
order.
Mr. TOOMBS said, as there was no amendment
pending, he would move that the committee rise
and report the bill and amendments to the House.
Mr. SCHENCK said he did not wish to detain
the committee unnecessarily or improperly, but he
would move to strike out t&e last four lines of the
bill.
The CHAIRMAN said the motion was out of
order.
Mr. TOOMBS insisted on his motion.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to amend the bill, by
adding an additional appropriation off10,000.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the motion out of
order.
Mr. SCHENCK said, then he was satisfied that
the ingenuity of man could not devise anythiag
that was in order.
" The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Toombs, and decided in the affirmative.
So the committee rose and reported the bill and
amendments to the House.
Mr. VINTON demanded the previous question;
which was seconded.
Mr. BURT moved that the House adjourn.
The SPEAKER said the motion was not in
order until the question was settled whether the
main question should now be taken, (theprevious
question having already been seconded.)
And the question having been taken, the House
decided that the main question should now be put,
.(which main question was first on the amendments
reported from the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and then on ordering the bill to
be engrossed for a third reading.)
Mr. BURT now moved that the House adjourn.
And the question having been taken, the House
refused to adjourn.
The first amendment was then read, as follows:
At the end of the 39th line of the bill (printed) insert:
Provided, That ardent spnits shall not herealter consti-
tute any part of the navy rations, but in lieu thereof there
shall be allowed four cents per day: Provided, also, That
neither ardent spirits nor liquor of any kind whatever shall
be introducedf>r kept aboard any national vessel in the ser-
vice of the United States, except as a part of the medical
stores.
And the question being stated on agreeing
thereto—
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, asked the yeas and
nays; which were ordered.
Mr. MEADE, at 3i o'clock, moved that the
House adjourn; which motion was not agreed to.
Mr. COLLINS called for tellers on the amend-
ment, which were ordered, and the vote being
taken, resulted—ayes 63,noes 71.
So the amendment was rejected.
The other amendments reported by the Com-
mittee of the Whole (part of which have been
heretofore, and a part are this day, published in
this paper) were then read and agreed to.
The said bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
The question recurred on the passage of the bill.
Mr. VINTON moved the previous question,
which was seconded; and the main question or-
dered, viz: "Shall the bill pass?" And being put,
it was decided in the affirmative.
Mr. VINTON moved that the vote be recon-
sidered by which the said bill was passed, and
also moved that the motion to^ reconsider be laid
upon the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the title of the bill was agreed to.
The SPEAKER mentioned, with regret, that it
was the duty of the Chair to remind the gentleman
from Ohio, that the rules-of the House required his
