w©
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 7,
a survey and examination of the Petri wig Shoals,
the Delaware river.
A bill making an appropriation of money for
the improvement of the harbor at Littl; Fori, on.
Lake Michigan.
' A bill making an appropriation o£ money for
the improvement of the harbor of Newcastle, Del-
aware.
A bill making an appropriation of money for
the improvement of Great Woodhole Harbor, in
the State of Massachusetts,
A bill making an appropriation of money for
the construction of an ice harbor at Delaware City,
in the State of Delaware.
A bill making an appropriation of money for
the construction'of a breakwater at Nantucket, in
the"State of Massachusetts.
A bill making an appropriation of money for
the improvement of Ocracoke Inlet, in the State of
.North CaroHna.
A bill making pan appropriation of money for
the improvement of the harbor at Sheboygan, on
Lake Michigan.
A bill making an appropriation of money for
the improvement of the harbor at the mouth of
Big Sandy creek, on Lake Ontario.
RECOVERY OF -FUGITIVE' SLAVES.
Mr. MASON inquired of the chairman of the
Committee on the Judiciary, what had become of
the bill to provide for the move effectual execution
of the third clause of the second section of the
fourth article of Constitution of the United States?
It was reported at the last session, and he was
desirous to see it brought up for consideration.
Mr. BUTLER replied that he had been anxious
to call up the bill, which was made the special
order for Monday last. But other measures were
entitled to precedence as unfinished business. He
intended to take the earliest opportunity to ask the
Senate to consider this bill.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies over, under the rule:
Resolved, That the 49th rule, which provide? for choosing
ttte Secretary of the Senate, Sergeant-at-arms, and Door-
keeper, on the second Monday of the first session of every
Congress, be repealed.
Mr. WALKER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies over, under the rule:
Resolced, That the public lands of the United States ought
to be ceded to the States respectively in which such lands
are situated—undei the express restriction, however, that
such lands shall be disposed of in limited quantities, by the
respective States, to actual occupants only, and such as aie
not possessed of other lands, and for cost of transi er merely.
Mr. DOWNS submitted the following order;
which lies over, under the rule:
Ordered, That after the present week, the hour of meeting
of ..the Senate shall he eleven o'clock, a. m.
NAVAL APPROPRIATIONS.
The biil from the House, making appropriations
for the naval service of the United States for the
year ending 30th June, 1850, was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Finance.
CHANGE OF VENUE.
On motion of Mr. WALKER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of a bill to authorize a
change of venue in certain cases.
On motion of Mr. WALKER, the further con-
sideration of the bill was postponed until Monday
next. Mr. W. moved to make it the special order
for that day.
Mr. ATHERTON objected to any new special
orders which would interfere with the appropria-
tion bills, which he would call up on-Monday.
Mr. WALKER said, if this bill should be found
in the way or the appropriation bil{s,he would not
press its consideration.
The motion was then agreed to, and the bill
was made the special order for Monday.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, the
following bills, laid on the table at the last session,
were taken up for the purpose of returning them to
their place on the calendar:
An act for the relief of George Newton;
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of William Grayson;
An act for the lehef of William W. Blackford,
late charge d'affaires at New Granada.
The further consideration of the bills was then
postponed until to-morrow.
NATIONAL CENTRAL HIGHWAY FR031 THE MIS-
SISSIPPI RIVEli TO THE PACIFIC OCEAN.
Mr. bENTON. Mr. President, the bill which
I propose to introduce provides for the location
and construction of a national central highway
from the Mississippi river to the Pacific Ocean.
The idea of a communication acrof-s our part
of North America is no new idea. -It has belonged
to every power that has ever been dominant over
this part of the continent.
In the year 1680, when La Salle took leave of
his friends at Montreal to go upon his discoveries
west, the last word he uttered at parting from
them was China—La Chine—and the spot has
retained the name ever since.
When the Spaniaids were afterwards masters
of Louisiana, the Baron de Carondelet, Governor
General of that province, with the appiobotion and
sanction of Charles IV., undertook tins great pro-
ject—the discovery of a practicable route across
the continent by the way of the Missouri river.
He employed an enterprising man (Don Jaques
Clamoigau) to undertake the discovery—a great
reward in land beingpoffered "to Clamorgan, and a
gratuity of three thousand dollars was promised
to the first man who should see the Pacific Ocean.
It miscarried, although an hundred men sat out
upon ilie-expeduion.
The British, owning large possessions in North
America, having in vain endeavored to find a north-
west passage to Asia, turned their eyes inland in
the hope that they would be able to discover some
route acioss the continent, and Mr. Alexander
McKenzie, who was afterwards "'knighted for the
energy and faithfulness with which he conducted
an enterprise for that purpose, was the successful
undertaker. He traversed the continent ovei that
portion of it belonging to Great Britain lying in
iugii latitudes, leached the sea, but pointed to the
Columbia liver as the only desirable route on the
other side of the mountains; and that was the
cause of all the long efforts made by the British
Government, first to make the Columbia a boundary
between us, open to the navigation of each, and
afterwards to obtain its free navigation. An inland
commercial route across the continent was what
she wanted.
When we acquired Louisiana, Mr. Jefferson
revived this idea of establishing an inland commu-
nication between the two sides of the continent,
and for that purpose the weibknown expedition of
Lewis and Clark wassent out by higi. Practical
utility in the business of life, as well as science,
was his object. To find a route to answer the
purposes of a commercial communication, as well
as enlarging the boundaries of geographical science,
was the object; and so the instructions declared.
That expedition was successful in finding a com-
munication; Mr. Jefferson did not remain m power
to carry out the practical design; and no President
since his day has taken it up.
About thirty years ago, 1 myself began to turn
my attention to this subject, and conceived a plan
for the establishment of a route extending up the
Missouri river, and dow^ the Columbia. 1 fol-
lowed the idea of Mr. Jefferson, La Salle, and
others, and. 1 endeavored to revive attention to
their plans. The steam car was then unknown,
and California was not ours; but I believed that
Asiatic commerce might be brought into the valley
of the Mississippi on that line, and wrote essays
to support that idea. The scope of these essays
was to show that Asiatic commerce had been the
pursuit of all western nations, from the time of
the Phoenicians down to the present day—a space
of three thousand years; that during all this time
this commerce had been shifting us channel, and
that wealth and power followed it, and disappeared
upon its loss; that one more channel was to be
found—a last one, and our America its seat; and
I then expressed the confident belief that this route
would certainly be established—immediately, with
the aid of the American Government, and event-
ually, even without that aid, by the progress of
events and tne force of circumstances. Occupied
with that idea, I sought to impress it upon others.
Looking to a practical issue, I sought information
of the country and the mountains, from all that
could give it—from the adventurous hunters and
traders of the great West. Knowledge was the
first object. The nature of the country—whether
inhabitable or not—between the Mississippi and
'the Pacific—the passes in the mountains—were
the great points of inquiry, a.nd the results were
most satisfactory. Inhabitable country and prac-
ticable passes were vouched for; but it was not
until the year 1842 that the information took the
definite form which would become the basis of
legislation. In the year 3842 Mr. Fremont soli-
cited and obtained leave to extend his explora-
tions to the South Pass of the Rocky Mountains:
not for the purpose of discovering that pass, for
it was discovered precisely forty years ago by the
hunters, but for the purpose of fixing its locality
and character. At that time it was not known
whether that pass was within our territory or in
Mexican territory. Mr. Fiemont, therefore, wished
to extend his explorations to that pass for the pur-
pose of ascertaining its locality and character*with
a view to a road to Oregon, and the increase ofgeo-
graphical knowledge. He was then employed on
topographical duty, having just returned from two
years of great labor on the Upper Mississippi,
assistant to the distinguished astronorfier, Mfh
Nicollet, who, by his great exertions during th#
five years that he was engaged there, brought on
a prostration which ended in his death. Mr. Fre-
mont solicited and obtained from Colonel Abert
the privilege of going to the South Pass, and he
made his examinations there in a way to satisfy
eveiy inquiry. His description of it was satisfac-
tory to all minds: and the reading of that descrip-
tion now will show the ease with which the moun-
tain can be passed at that place:
"JlugWit 7,1842.—We left our encampment with the rising
sun. As wo rose from the bed of the creek, the snow line
. ot the mountain sti etched grandly befoie a*, the white peaks
glittering in the sun. They had been hidden in the dark
weather ot the la&t few da>s, and it had been snowing on
them while it rained on us. We crossed a ridge, and again
stfruck the Swret Water—here a beautiful, swilt stream,
wttli a mote open valley, timbered with beech and cotton-
wood. it now began to Iosh itself in the many small foijfcs
winch make its head; and we continued up the main stream
until near noon, u heu we left it a lew mile*, lo make our
noon halt on a ^maii creek among the hills, from which the
stream issues by a small opening. Within was a beautiful
grassy ^pot, covered with an open grove of large beech trees,
among which I found seveia! plants that I had not previously
seen. The afternoon was cloudy, with squalls of iain; but
the weatner became fine at sunset, when we again encamped
on the Sweet Water, within a few miles of the South Pass.
The country over which we have passed to-day consists
principally of the compact mica slate, which ciops out on
ail the ridges, making the uplands very loeky and slaty. In
the escarpemeut* which houier the creeks, it is s-eeii alter-
nating witfi a fight-colored granite, at an inclination of 45°.
AooutMX miles from the-encampiuent broughtu to the sum-
mit. The ascent hud been so gradual, that with the mtmvite
knowledge possessed by Carson, who had made this country
his home for seventeen years., we were obliged to watch veiy
closely to find the place at which wc had reached the cul-
minating point. From the impressions on my mind, at this
time, (and subsequently on our return,) I should compare
the elevation which we surmounted at the i'ass to the accent
fiorn the avenue to the Capitol hill at Washington. The
width of the Pa«s, or rather the width of the depression in
the mountains which makes this gap in its chain, is about
twenty miles, and m that width are many crossing-places.
Latitude, (where crossed,) 4-X°. 24' 32''; longitude, 109° 26'.
Elevation above the sea, 7,490 feet. Distance trom the mouth
of the Kanzas, by the common traveling route, 952 miles;
distance fiom the mouth of the Gnat Platte, miles."
The whole distance over which Mr. Fremont
passed is laid down upon his topographical map
of the.road, and a profile map of the traveling
route illustrates this description, and shows that
the elevation to be surmounted is distributed .over
so long a distance that the ascent is m reality felt
in no part.
Having returned from that expedition, Mr. Fre-
mont was prompted to engage m a larger one. He
sought and obtained permission to go from the
South Pass to the tide-water region of the Colum-
bia river, for the purpose of surveying the country
and ascertaining the practicability of opening a
communication to what was then our principal
point of possession on the Pacific coast. He made
that examination, and reported it in his journals,
and in maps, both in profile and topographically.
The whole route has been laid down by him in
both ways, and were printed by order of the Sen-
ate. To save useless inquiries, I will add that these
maps are not on hand for distribution—only a few-
copies for use.
Returning from that expedition, ^e went to Cal-
ifornia, seeking a new route by which to return
home, unwilling to lose any time by going over
ground over which h$ had ever traveled before.
Believing in the practicability of a route further
south than the Squth Pass, he undertook to ex-
plore a new route, which threw him upon Califor-
nia, and for the first time made known to the
country, with any accuracy, the great features
of the Pacific slope of our continent. I pass by
all his great discoveries in California during that
