1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Wi
romantic expedition, to come to the immediateobject
of my inquiry—new posses m the Rocky Moun-
tains—and show no less than three of them, all
south of the South Pass—then traversed and de-
scribed by him. I say traversed and described,"
"for they were known before—known to the chil-
dren of the mountains—the thirty braveand faithful
men who were his companions in all his expedi-
tions. Approaching the Rocky Mountains from
the west, as he returned from that second expedi-
tion, and coming through a pass in north latitude
41° 20* ( about 1° south of the South Pass, he
says:
" Yesterday and to-day (June 11 and 12,1844) we have
had before our eyes the high mountains which divide the
Pacific from the Mississippi waters; and entering here
among the lower spurs or foot bills of the range, the lace of
the country began to improve with magical rapidity. Not
only the river bottoms, but the lulls, were covered with
grass; and, among the usual varied flora of the mountain
legion, the^e were occasionally blue with the showy bloom
of a lupinus. Tn the course of the morning we had the first
glad view of buffalo, and welcomed the appearance of two
old hulls with as much joy as if they had been messengers
from home. A band ot elk broke out of a neighboring grove;
antelopes were running over the hills; and on the opposite
river plains herds ol buffalo were raising clouds of dust.
The country here appeared more variously stocked with
game than any part of the Rocky Mountains we had visited;
and its abundance is owing to its excellent pa&turage, and
its daugeious passage as a war-ground.
"June 13.—There was enow near our mountain camp,
fmt the morning was beautifully clear. Leaving St. Vram's
fork, (a water of the Upper Colorado,) we look our way
directly towards th m-urn/nit of the dividing ridge. The bot-
tom* of the streams and level plains were wooded with as-
pens; and as weneared the crest of the mountain weeniered
again the piney region. We had a delightful morning's ride,
the ground affording us an excellent bridle-path, and reached
the summit towaids midday, at an elevation of eight thou-
sand feet above the level of the sea. With joy and exultation
we saw ourselves once more on the top of the Itocky Moun-
tains, and beheld a little stream taking its course towards
the rising sun. It was an affluent of the north fork of the
Great Platte, called Pullam's fork, fiom the name of a trader
killed there some years ago by the Gros Ventre Indians—a
pretty stream—and we descended to noon upon ifc"
That pass, I said, is about one degree south of
the South Pass; and although at an elevation of
eight thousand feet, yet that elevation, as in the
case of all the passes, is distributed over a long
line, and presents no character of abruptness. The
abundance of game was an index to the character
of the country. They only frequent countries rich
in pasturage; and where there is pasturage there is
fertile soil, and a home for man, and domestic cat-
tle and horses, as well as for wild animals.
From this pass he went to the river Platte, which
is there a handsome stream. That river was found
always to present large and broad bottoms, about
seven thousand feet above the level of the sea, and
good for cultivation. His description of this river
will show what kind of country was found in these
mountains at so great an elevation:
" Our route this morning (June 11) lay along the foot of.
the mountains, ovei the- long low spurs which sloped gradu-
ally down to the river, forming the broad valley of the Platte,
(about seven thousand feet above the level of tne sea.) The
country,is beautifully watered. In almost every hollow ran
a clear cool mountain stream; and in the course of the
morning we crossed seventeen—several of them being laige
creeks, forty or fifty feet wide, with a swift current, and tol-
erably deep. These were.variously wooded with groves
of as'pen and cottonwood, with willow, eheiry, and other
shrubby tiees. Buffalo, antelope, and elk were frequent
during the day; and, in their abundance, the latter some-
times reminded us slightly of the Sacramento valley. The
next dav we continued out piogress up the valley, the coun-
try presenting much the same appearance, except that the
grass was more scanty on the nd^es, over which was spread
a shrubby growth of sage ; but still the bottoms of the creeks
Ttfere broad, and afforded good pasture grounds. Qurcourse
in the afternoon brought us to the main Platte river, (north
fork,) here a handsome stream, with a uniform breadth of
seventy yards, except where widened by frequent islands.
Itwas apparently deep, with a moderate current, and wooded
with groves of large willow."
Such is the character of the north fork of the
Great Platte, in the bosom of the mountains—a
handsome stream—a broad valley—an attractive
home to many that will love the wild mountain
life. I read it to show that there is good country
in the mountains'; but 1 have more beautiful yet to
show—the Three Parks—u nsurpassed by an y i h ing
in Switzerland—replete with all the beauty of the
most picturesque parts of Switzerland—and with-
out glaciers. Mr. Fremont did not discover these
parks: they were discovered long before by the
hunters and traders. There is nothing to be dis-
covered in the whole chain of the Rocky Mountains
within the broad expanse of our domain—nothing
from the British line in 49° to the Mexican in 32°.
All is known to the hunters and traders; descrip-
tion alone was wanting, and that Mr. Fremont
supplied. In this way he makes us acquainted
with these beautiful parks, and the passes from
them through the mountains. InsHad of coming
down the Platte home, after his long absence, with
the ardor of a true lover of science, he turned back
to traverse the mountain backwards and forwards,
and along its crest, to examine ajl the country
south to the head of the Arkansas. He says:
"We were now about two degrees south of the South
Pass, ami our coui e home would have been eastwardly;
but that would have raken iu over ground already examined,
and therefore without the utility and interest which the
nature of the expedition required. Southwardly there were
objects worthy to be explored, to wit: the approximation of
the head waters of three different rivers—the Platte, the
Arkansas, and the. Grand River fork of the Rio CoLortiko of
the Gulfof California; the //oases at the heads of these rivers,
and the three rematkable mountain coves, called parks,
•in which they took their rise. One of these parks was, or
course, on the westernside of the dividing ridge, and a visit
to it would require us oncc more to cioss the summit of the
Rocky Mountains to the west, and then to recross to the
east; making, in all, with the transit we had just accom-
plished, three crossings of that mountain in this section of
its course. Bui, no matter. The coves, the heads of the
rivers, theappioxnnation of their waters, the practicability
of the mountain passes, and the locality of the three parks,
were all objects of interest, and, although well known to
hunters and trappers, were unknown to science and to his-
tory. We therefore changed our course, and turned up the
valley of the Platte, instead of going down it."
I now read the description which he gives of
these parks—a name translated.from the Indian,
which signifies buffalo lodge:
North Park.
"The valley (of the Platte) narrowed as we ascended,
and present!} degenerated into a gorge, through which the
river passed as through a gate. We entered n, and found
ourselves in the North Paik—a beautiful circular vaHey of
thirty nnles diameter, walled in all round with snowy moun-
tains, rich in grass and water, fringed with pine on the
mountain sides below the snow-line, and a paradise to all
grazing animals. We halted for the night just within the
gate, and expected, as usual, to see herds of buffalo; but an
Arapahoe village had been before us, and not one was to be
seen. Latitude of the encampment, 40° 52'44''; elevation,
by the boiling point, 7,720 leet. It is from this elevated
cove, and from the inside gorges of the fountains which
form its rim, and some lakes in their bosoms, that the Great
Platte river collect* its first waters, and assumes us first
form; and certainly no river could ask a more beautiful
origin.
" June 16.—We pursued our way in the morning through
the park, following a principal branch of the Platte; and%
crossing, among many smaller ones, a bold stieain, scarcely
fordable, which issues from a lake in the mountains on the
right, ten nnles long. Encamped tn the evening near the
upper end of the paik, latitude 40° 33' on a small stream."
North ParA and Pass.
" June 17.—We continued our way among the wateis of
the park, over the foot lulls .of the bordering mountains,
where we found good pasturage, and surprised and killed
some buffalo. \Ve fell into a broad and excellent trail, made
by buffalo, wheie a wagon would pasb with ease; and, in the
course of the morning, we crossed the summit of the Rocky
Mountains through a pass which was one o( the most heau-
tilul that we had ever seen. The tiail Jed among a?pen?>,
through open giounds, richly cohered with gras^ and eariied
us over an elevation of about nine thousand feet above the
level of the sea The country appealed to great advantage in
the delsghtfiul summer weather of the mountains, which we
still continued to enjoy. Descendirft fiom the^ass, we found
ourselves again on the western waters, and halted to noon on
the edge of another mountain valley, or cove, called the Mid-
dle Paik,m which is formed Grand river, one of the principal
branches of the Colorado of Caliiornia."
How contrary to all our ideas this beautiful de-
scription of the North Park, and its pass from the
head-waters of the Great Platte to the head-waters
of the. Grand river fork of the Colorado of the
West. A delightful habitation that cove, instead
of the desert, savage, and dreary desolation which
we had been taught to look for in the Rocky Moun-
tains. But let us follow the explorer m the Middle
Park. He says:
Middle Park.
"The appearance of the country in the Middle Paik is
interoting, though of a different character fiom the "North
Paik* instead of being a comparative plain, it is more or
le-s broken into hilU, and surrounded by high mountains,
timbered on the lower parts with quaking aspen and pines.
The next morning\June 19) we descended the nvei about
eight miles, and halted a short distance above the canon,
(gap or gate, m the mountain,) through which Grand river
issues from the Patk. Here it was smooth and deep, one hun- ;
dred and fifty \aids in Ineadth, and at an elevation of six j
thousand seven hundied leet'above the level ot the sea. ,
Three puncipal streams, draining the whole circumference ;
of the Park—which i* more than double the size ot the Noith j
Park—come together heie; a stream from the noith, which >
we had traveled down, and found to grow into a volume, of j
one hundied j ards wide; out. fiom the ea-t, and still larger;
a thml fiom tlie south, neaily as large as the northern sueam,
and up which our route lav to the South Paik, seeking a pass
from th.e Pacific to the Mississippi waters in that part ot the
mountain; foi in the South Paik, (called by the hunters
Bay&it Snlarie,) it was known the waters went to the rising
sun, and collected either into the Arkansas or the south fork
of the Great Platte. On the 20th we traveled up the left
bank (of the south stream, eighty or ninety yards wide) with
the prospect of a had road, the trail here taking the opposite
bide; but the &li earn was up and nowhere fordable. A piney
ridge of mountain.-, with bare rocky peaks, were on our light
all the day, and a snowy mountain appealed ahead. (June
31.) We had a delightful ride along a good trail among the
fragrant pines, and the appearance of buffalo in great num-
bers indicated that theie were Indians iivtfae South Park*
by whom they weYe driven out. We halted to noon under
the shade of some pines,'and the weather wa^ most delight-
ful. The country was literally alive with. buffalo,, and the
continued echo of the hunteis' rifles on the other side of the
river for a moment made me uneasy, thinking perhaps that
they were engaged with Indians. The trail was good ap'd
the country interesting, and at night-fall we encamped m
an open place among the pines, whcie wehuilt a strong fort.
The mountains exhibit their usual varied growth of flowers;
and at this place I noticed, among others, ikermopsis man-
tana, whose bright yellow color makes it a showy plant.
This has been a characteristic in many parts of Che country
since reaching the Z7-iTt-£a& water*. With fielos of iris were
aqvilegia cazrulia, violets, esparcette, and strawberries By
the tempeiature of the boiling water the elevation here was
10,430 feet, and still the pine forest continued and grass was
good. (Diameter ol the Middle Park b0 miles.")
And thence into the— •
South Park.
" On the next.day we descended the stream by an excel-
lent buffalo trail, along the open grassy bottom of the river.
On our right the bayou (as called by the early French
hunteis) was borrieied by a mountainous range, crest'e'c!
with jocky and naked peaks; and below it had a beantifttl
park-like character of pretty level praines, interspersed
among low spuis, wooded, openly, with pine and quaking
as.p, contrasting well with the denser pines winch swept
round on the mountain tides. During the afternoon Pike's
Peak had been plainly in view before "us; and, from oar en-
campment, bore north 87° east by compass. The next day
we left the river, which continued us course towards Pike's
Peak ; and taking a t-outheastly direction, in about ten miles
we crossed a gentle ridge, and issuirigfrom the South Pa.rk,
found ourselves involved atmmg tne broken spurs uf the
mountain-, which boidcr the yroat plains. Although broken
and extremely rugged, the countrj was very interesting,
being watered by numerous affluents of the Arkansas river,
andcoveied with gia^s and a variety of trees*. In the deep
seclusion of these little streams we found always an ahirmv-
ant pasturage, and a wild luxuiiance of plants and trees.
(Diameter of the South Park, like that of the North Park,
thirty miles.") ^
Another pass remains to be described in this sec-
tion of the mountain—one at the head of the south
fork of the Great Platte, and which,like th© others;,
though at a great elevation, was practicable anft
easy, and abounding-with grass—that sure index
to a country of fertility. It i*5 thus described;
Pass (it the head of South Fork of Platte.
"In the afternoon (June 22) we continued our road—oc-
casionally through open pines, with a very gradual ascent.
We surprised a herd of buffalo, enjoymgthe. shadeatasmafl
distance among the pines and they made the dry branches
crack as they broke through the woods. In a ride of about
three quarters uf an hour, and having ascended perhaps 800
feet, we reached the si mmit of the dividing ridge, which
would thus have an estimated height of 11,200 feet. Here
the liver spreads itself into small branches and spiings, head-
ing nearly in the summit of the udge, which is here very
nariow. Immediately below us was a green valley, through
which ran a stream: and at a short distance opposite rose
many mountain5: whose summits were founedinto peaks of
naked rock. We soon aftei v.uisfi-d ourselves that imme-
diately beyond these mountain^ was the mam branch of the
Arkansas'rivcr—most probably heading directly with the
little stream below us, which gathered its waters in the snowy
mountains near by. In about a quarter of an hour we de-
scended into the creek below, our road having been very
much contiolled and interrupted by the pines and springs on
the mountain side; and, turning up the stream, encamped in
a bottom of good gra^s near its head, under the dividing crest
of the Rocky Mountains. By the observations of the evening,
the latitude of our encampment was 3b® 20' 24", and south
of which, therefore, is the head of the Arkansas river. (The
next year's expedition found the head of the Arkansas ex-
actly where supposed, in 39" 20' 36", longitude 106* 27' 15'',
and at an elevation of 9,480 feet."
Thus there are no less than three different passes
in about two degrees and a half, from about 41°"20'
down to 39°. traversed and described by Mr. Fre-
mont in his return from his second expedition;
and these not only easily accessible, but run through
a country suitable for the habitations of civilized
man.
A third expedition took place. Still pursuing
the idea of finding a route further south, Mr. Fre-
mont went out upon the line of the Arkansas river,
'and found a remarkably straight course quite to
the bay of San Francisco. In his map that route
is laid down, and the baronfeter elevations given. In
his memoir t here is, at page 56, a table of latitudes
and longitudes, without more than a variation of a
degree or so on each side through seventeen degrees
of longitude. At al! the great points from St. Louis
to the head of the Arkansas, thence to the pass in
the Sierra Nevada, and to the bay of San Francisco,
39° is nearly the line throughout; and, in point of
directness, nothing better could be asked; but it
will require a comparative view of all the routes to
be able to judge between them. The head of the
Arkansas was found at an elevation of 9,840 feet;
but it was the head of the river, and not a pass,
which was then the object.
The whole upper half of the Arkansas lies on
the right line for a road to the bay of San Fran-
