472
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
eisco. A few degrees west of the Missouri fron-
tier the river bends north to latitude 38°; and the
parallels of 38°-or 39° cut the rivers from thence
to its head.
Returning from his third expedition, and being
no longer in the public service, Mr. Fremont has
undertaken a fourth one, at his own expense.
Attended by the devoted men who had been with
him-so long, and unwilling to leave incomplete a
work in which he had been engaged for seven
years, he has now gone as far south as the head
of the Rio Grande del Norte, to explore the passes
at the head of that river, and the approximation
of the waters of the Colorado of the West. Though
■without Government assistance, yet, with the aid
of his old comrades, he will complete the exami-
nation of t]je mountain passes, and of all the coun-
try between the Mississippi and Pacific, and thus
fulfill the original purpose for which he sought and
obtained this distant and perilous work, in prefer-
ence to being employed about the cities and fron-
tiers.
It is appropriate to say, Mr. President, that it
seems to have been a Providence that a man with
a head and a heart for this work should, upon his
own application, have undertaken it seven years
ago; that he should have attached to his person
thirty men, the children of the mountains, who
were able to show him everything, and who did
show him everything; who still adhere to him;
and, by their, joint exertions, we have, at the very
moment of need, at the very instant when the public
mind has ripened up to the point of commencing
the work, all the information upon our hands
which the occasion requires.
Without disparagement to any one, 1 may be
allowed to say that a young man who solicits this
•work; who takes these hardships and dangers m j
preference to the woilc of the frontier or the city; .
who goes into it as a matter of love, of choice, and j
not of duty and obligation; who carried with him j
a spirit of exploration much greater than could be j
found inthemereexecution of an order, with thirty'
such men with him, would give to his explorations
a thoroughness of examination which is not to be
expected from any detailed officer with his detail
of soldiers.
■ The great point upon which ! now rest, Mr.
President, is, that there is nothing more to be
learned or known; that, by a kind of Providence,
there has been brought to~our knowledge every-
thing that is necessary to be known to enable us
to act, and that the great idea which has possessed
every Power which has ever been dominant in
North America, that of an inland communication
across the continent, is now ripe to be realized.
It is in view of the fact that we are now ripe, for
action, that I ask leave to bring in a bill for action.
The leading idea of the bill, Mr. President, is a
national, central road, a highway, not merely for
ourselves, but for our posterity, for all time to
come.
The road which I propose will be national in its
character—in all its features and parts; national,
because no private resources are equivalent to such
a work, nor fit for it. Nothing hut the authority
of a nation is equal to the opening of a road through
some ],600 miles of country, occupied by savages,
with a right of domain over it, which it requires
national authority to extinguish. No private means
would be equal to the construction of such a road,
or fit to be trusted with it. No private authority
is equal to the question resuliing from the obliga-
tion of procuring the title from the Indians, and of
protecting the road after it was made.
1 look upon it, Mr. President, that all propo-
sitions to have this road made as a private road by-
individuals or companies are utterly condemned
by the magnitude of the undertaking, by the ques-
tion of Indian title and possession, and by the im-
policy and illegality of sending individuals to treat
with Indians. All these things require national
means, national authortty,- and no individuals
could be competent to undertake it, even if there
was a propriety in putting such a road into the
hands of individuals, to become their private prop-
erty. I entirely, sir, as from the beginning, repu-
diate all schemes of private projectors with respect
to this road. Nor have I seen any scheme pre-
sented which (lid not bear upon its face the evi-
dence of total incompetence on the part of the
applicants to carry out the enterprise, and a de-
sign to make it a great stock-jobbing business, to
be. sold, in the markets of Europe and America.
Mr. FOOTE. I rise to a point of order.
The VIC%PRESIDENT. The Senator will
state his point of order.
Mr. FOOTE. I rise to this point-of„order: that
the Senator'from Missouri is proceeding to discuss
other matters_before the body, in which, when op-
portunity is given, we are ready to meet him and
others. I ask if it is not out of order to discuss
other measures now pending in this body at the
present moment and in the present mode?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator is un-
derstood by the Chair to be prefacing his motion
to have leave to introduce a bill by remarks upon
that bill. It is impossible for the Presiding Officer
to say to what extent he may go in his remarks,
for he cannot know the character of the bill to be
introduced until it is submitted to the Senate.
Mr. FOOTE. I should like to know if it is le-
gitimate to discuss other measures before the body
and now in progress in such preliminary remarks
as may be submitted to the Senate in introducing
a bill. I would suggest that my view of the mat-
ter is this: that the rights which secure fairness of
debate, it does seem to me, would preclude such
remarks at the present moment and in the present
mode, or would allow the privilege of reply to
others not concurring in these remarks upon other
measures pending before the body, with a view
to the immediate counteraction of any prejudicial
effect which might be produced by those remarks.
If the Chair doubts upon the subject, however, I
shall not urge the matter, though I must confess
that it does seem to me to be out of order, and that
it is disagreeable to me to hear measures discussed
and attacked here without being allowed the least
opportunity to defend them, it does seem to me
that it is not consistent with the principles of par-
liamentary order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not perceive any violation of order, and the Sena-
tor from Missouri may continue his remarks.
Mr. BENTON resumed. Mr. President, I go
for a national highway from the Mississippi to the
Pacific, and I go against all schemes of individuals
or of companies, and especially those who come
here and ask of the Congress of the United States
to give themselves, and their assigns, the means of
making a road and taxing the people for the use
of it. Make a great national work of this kind a
matter of stockjobbing, a matter of sale upon the
exchanges of Europe and America in shares, the
issuing in fact of a circulating medium in the shape
of shares! Sir, 1 go against it in toto. I have
done it from the beginning, and shall ever do it.
Not only are individuals utterly unable to under-
! take any work of this kind, unable* to carry it on,
j unable to protect it when it is done, but, sir, 1
I have no idea of letting any individuals levy a tax
j upon the American*people to an amount which
l they beg from us for the building of the road. I
! look upon all such applicants as jobbers, and re-
pudiate them. We are ourselves to furnish the
investment—the American people are themselves
to furnish the investment, and then these individ-
uals are to levy atoll equal to the amount invested
by the American people who are to furnish the
capital. I repudiate the whole idea, sir. I go for
a national highway, no stockjobbing. I am, Mr.
President, for a central highway—central, because
it is the one that is most national, and accommo-
dates the greatest number of persons—central be-
cause the road admits of branches to the right and
left, and the bill whicl} I propose to bring in pro-
vides for one of these branches to Oregon, and
another may be added for New Mexico.
/ I go, then, for a central national road from the
Pacific Ocean to the Mississippi river; and, fortu-
nately, we find all the localities of the country pre-
cisely such as a national central road would re-
quire.
The bay of San Francisco, the finest in the
world, is m the center of the western coast of
North America: It is central, and without a rival.
It will accommodate the commcrce of that coast,
both north and south, up to the frozen regions and
down to the torrid zone. It is central in that
respect. The commerce of the broad Pacific.Ocean
will center there. The commerce of Asia will
center there. Follow the same latitude across the
country, and it strikes the center of the valley of
the Mississippi. It strikes the Mississippi near
the confluence of all the great waters which con-
centrate in the valley of the Mississippi. It comes
to the center of the valley. Follow the prolonga-
Feb. 7,
tion of that central line and you find it cutting the
heart of the great States between the Mississippi
river and the Atlantic Ocean. Illinois, Indiana,
Ohio, a part of Virginia, Keirtucky, and Pennsyl-
vania—they are all traversed or touched by that
great central line. 1 have, therefore, a central road*
as well as a national road. A central road is the
most "national in its character, because it accom-
modates the greatest number, and because it admits
of branches to the right and left with the greatest'
ease and convenience.
The bill which I ask leave to bring in, Mr. Pres-
ident, fixes the termini of this road—the beginning
and the ending. After what 1 have said, it is hardly
necessary for me to add that the starting point is
the bay of San Francisco, and the ending point is
the city of St. Louis. The road is to connect the
ocean navigation at the bay of San Francisco with
the Mississippi, near the confluence of the Mis-
souri. From St. Louis it is in communication with
all the States and cities of this Union. It there
goes into communication with all the transporta-
tion of the great valley of the West, in cars or
steamboats, all of which finds its great center in
St. Louis. When the road has arrived there, it is
in communication with every great point in the
great West, and in communication with every great
point upon the Atlantic. It is finished when it is
there; for private enterprise is doing, or will do,
the remainder. When this great national highway
shall be opened by the United States from the bay
of San Francisco to St. Louis, it may be said to be
finished to the Atlantic Ocean. For routes enough
are opened, or in the process of being opened, to
make not only a direct line across the continent to
the Atlantic Ocean, but branches to the right and
left in every direction in which roads shall be re-
quired. Here is a great road, then, crossing the
entire continent from ocean to ocean, nearly half
of it already done, and only a gap to be filled up.
It may be assumed that half way across the con-
tinent is now nearly done. Now is the proper
time, Mr. President, to locate this road. At pres-
ent no questions can arise. The whole country,
from the frontier upon the Mississippi to the Pa-
cific Ocean, is territorial. It belongs to the United
States. There arc neither State rights nor private
rights to rise up and oppose impediments. We
can at once take our own course without stopping
to make terms or inquiry of any one.
The only thing to be done is tp conciliate the
Indians—to get their consent; and for that purpose
the bill proposes to appropriate a sum of money
to be expended by the President in procuring the
assent of the Indians, and to the extinguishment
of such titles as may be necessary for the purposes
of the road, for the stations and settlements to pro-
tectand support it. We have now all the informa-
tion that is necessary to fix the termini of the road;
the rest is matter of detail. The most direct and
best route between the terminating points, of course,
is to be taken; and for that we have, and shall have,
when the present expedition of Mr. Fremont is
finished, all the information which is necessary to
fix upon the details of the intermediate distance.
His work is public; his journals are public prop-
erty; his maps are public property. He took no
copyright for anything which he did while in the
service of the United States; and we now hove all
the information wanted for the purpose of locating
this great road. It may be assumed that no in-
formation was ever more varied, more minute,
more accurate, than that which he has furnished.
The topographical map of two thousand miles
which he has made is replete with information;
his whole explorations of twenty thousand miles
can be laid down in the same manner.
The means of the United States for this con-
struction are ample. The length of-the road ap-
pals some persons. Sir, it is a case in which the
length in reference to the means makes no differ-
ence. It is not a case in which money is to be
aiscd from another source in order to defray the
expenses of the road. It makes itself. The whole
country belongs ^to the United States, saving the
mere extinction of the Indian title. It is all public
land—a great belt of public land, equal to the
whole length of the Mississippi river, covering
seventeen degrees on the Pacific coast, and as much
in the valley of the Mississippi. - Out of that the
bill proposes that a per centum shall be taken from
all the sales, and that per centum shall be applied
to the construction of the road. Now, sir, in this
point of view, tbe whole country being public
