1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4i?§
land, from the frontier of Missouri to the Pacific
Ocean, every mile provides for itself. The dis-
tance of five or six hundred miles, right and left,
is public land, and this is pat into contribution for
the construction of the road. All the sales are to
contribute. It is, therefore, no. more to make a
long road than a short one.
I propose, Mr. President, in view of the magni-
tude of this work; in view of our dominion over
the public land throughout its whole extent; in view
of the uses to which this road may be applied,
not only in our day, but by our children, and for
unnumbered centuries to come—to hav£ it project-
ed at once, and upon a scale commensurate to its
future destiny, be that-as great as it may.
The proposition in the bill is, that there be re-
served a breadth of one mile from the frontier of
-Missouri to the Pacific Ocean—a breadth of one
entire mile—for the purpose of laying down, at
once, one track, one road-, reserving enough for as
many tracks, 'and independent of each other, as
shall be necessary, in all time, for all the varieties
of roads that are now in use, or which may come
# into use in the unnumbered generations which that
rood is to benefit. I begin with railway, as far as
practicable and advantageous, leaving it to practi-
cal men to say where it is not. The difficulty which
presents itself to my mind is the deep snow which
continues for so many months in the year, and
lies so deep among the Rocky Mountains. It is
% for practical men to say whether the railroad can
go there, or whether it will be necessary to find
some other conveyance^-the sleigh, for example—
for that region, in the time of the snows.
I propose to reserve ground for all sorts of roads
—railway, plank, macadamized; more than that—-
room for a track by magneticpower—according to
the-idea started, I believe, by Professor Henry,
and, to me, plausibly pursued by Professor Page,
of*the Patent Office, if that idea ripens into practi-
cability—and who can undertake to say that any
idea will not become practicable in the present*age?
But, Mr. President, the bill contains another pro-
vision, that there shall be a margin reserved out of
this breadth of a mile for a plain old English road,
'such as we have been accustomed to all our lives—
a road in which the farmer in his wagon or car-
riage, on horse or on foot, may travel without
fear, and without tax—with none to run over him,
or make him fump out of the way. I look forward
to the time when this whole continent is to be set-
tled from one end to the other—when there are to
be towns and villages upon it—when neighbors
• will want a convenient road. They may there find
a space for them in which they shall not give way
to the cars- or anything else—a road not to be
interfered with.
The leading idea, then, is, that we reserve a
breadth of land upon which we may lay down dif-
ferent tracks of road, independent of each other; to
be kept unconnected with each other; to be adapted
to the different means of conveyance; and to be
reserved for all time to come. It is a wonderful
circumstance in the history of the world that there
should be a nation whose"domain is so extensive
that she is able to lay down as she chooses, by
law, a road acros^^ontinent, the whole distance
under one flag atrcFone law. It is a wonderful
contingency happened to us, and one which we
should avail ourselves of. A part of the plan, Mr.
President, is, that there shall be military stations
along the road for its protection and support. It
would be in vain to have a road without it. "We
v want protection and we want support. Settlers
will immediately establish themselves about every
one of these stations, and will soon furnish the
means of support to them all. Then, Mr. Presi-
dent, the wires can be stretched. As soon as this
route is established and this protection given, the
wires can be stretched upon -the wh1)ie routS.
Then, standing upon the shores of the Atlantic,
• you shall hold converse with him who stands upon
the shores of the Pacific Ocean. You shall talk to
one another three thousand miles distant.
Nothing, Mr. President, is more essential than
roads. It is an old theme, sir; but it will bear the
suggestion that no civilized people can live without
roads, and that it is the indispensable duty of
every nation which has acquired any new posses-
sions to open communication with it. We know
that the Romans—from whom we borrow so many
of our ideas, useful or grand—never considered a
conquered territory added to the republic or the
empire until it was perforated by a road. There
was no annexation in their idea until there was
communication. The idea was well founded, sir,
and one which we can practically carry out. Large
and grand as our project of roads seems, from the
Mississippi to the Pacific, and a mile in width re-
served for many tracks—it is almost, insignificant
compared to the roads of the Roman empire. Her
territory was not greater than ours-«-not so corn-
pact—her population not so homogeneous as ours,
nor at the greatest as great as ours will be in the
lifetime of the child now born; and yet her roads
far transcended in length and number anything
that we now propose. Here is what Gibbon says.
After enumerating the four thousand cities belong-
ing to the Roman empire in Europe, Asia, and
Africa, he goes on to say:
"All ihe^e cities were connected with each other, and with
the capita), by the public highways, which, issuing from the
forum ot Rome, traversed Italy, pervaded the provinces,ami
were terminated only by the frontiers of the empire. If we
carefully trace tl\e distance from the wall of Antoninus to
Rome, and from thence to Jerusalem, it will be found that
the gieat chainof communication, from the northwest to the
southeast point of the empire, was drawn out to the length
of four thousand and eighty Roman miles. The public roads
were accurately divided by mile-stones, and ran m a direct
line from one city to another, with very little respect for the
obstacles either of nature or private property. Mountains
were perforated, and bold arches thrown over the broadest
and most rapid streams. The middle part of the road was
raised into a terrace which commanded the adjacent conn-
try, consisted ot several t-tiata oi sand, gravel, and cement,
and was paved with large stones, or in some places, near
the capital, with granite. Such was the solid construction
of the Roman highways, whose firmness has not entirely
yielded to the effoit of fifteen centuries. They united the
subjects of the most distant provinces by an easy and familiar
intercourse; but their primary object had been to facilitate
the marches of the legions; nor was any country considered
as subdued, till it had been rendered, in all its parts, per-
vious to the arms and authority of the conquerer. The ad-
vantage of receiving the earliest intelligence, and ofconveying,
their orders with celerity, induced the Emperors to establish
throughout their extensive dominions me regular institution
of posts. Houses were everywhere erected at the distance
only of five or six males; each of them was constantly pi o-
vided with forty horses,and by the help ofthese relays, itwas
easy to travel an hundred miles in a day along the Roman'
roads. The use of the posts was allowed to those who
claimed it by an imperial mandate; but,'though originally
intended for the public service, it was sometimes indulged
to the business or conveniency of private citizens."
Such was the extent and solidity of the Roman
roads—a single lineof road above 4,000 Roman, and
equal to 3,740 English miles—and the 4,000 cities of
th^empire all connected with roads of equal solidity
besides. The road which we. propose is only half
the length of one chain of theirs. I mention them
for their magnificence—their grandeur—and as
presenting an example worthy of our imitation.
The road I propose is necessary to us, and now.
We want it now. The state of our possessions on
the Pacific demands it. The time to begin has
arrived. All the necessary information is on hatld.
The means are ready. The title to Oregon is set-
tled, and a governm^it established there, and pop-
ulation is growing up. California is acquired:
people are there: and a government must follow.
We have a fleet on that coast—troops there, and
going. Streams of population are concentrating
there. Since the discovery of the New World by
Columbus there has not been such an unsettling of
the foundations of society. Not merely individ-
uals and companies, but communities and nations
are in commofion, all bound to the setting sun—
to the gilded horizon of Western America. For
want of an American road, they seek foreign
routes, far round, by sea and land, to reach by an
immense circuit what is a part of their own land.
Until we can get a road of our own, we must use
and support a foreign route; but that is a tempo-
rary resource, demanded by the exigency of the
times, and until we can get our own ready. Never
did so great an object present itself to the accept-
ance of a nation. ' We own the country from sea
to sea—from the Atlantic to the Pacific—and
upon a breadth equal to the length of the Missis-
sippi—and embracing the whole temperate zone.
Three thousand miles across,and half thatbreadth,
is the magnificent parallelogram of our domain.
We can run a national central road through and
through, the whole distance, under our flag and
under our laws. Military reasons require us to
make it: for troops and munitions must go there.
Political reasons require us to make it: it will be a
chain of union between the Atlantic and Pacific
States. Commercial reasons demand it from us:
and here I touch a boundless field, dazzling and
bewildering the imagination from its vastness and
importance. The trade of the Pacific Ocean, of the1,
western coast of North America, and of Eastern
Asia, will all take its track; and not only for our-,
selves, but for posterity. That trade , of India
which has been shifting its channels from the time
of the Phoenicians to the presefrt, is destined to" •
shift once more, and to realize the grand idea of
Columbus. The American road to India will also
become the European track to that region. The
European merchant, as well as the American, will
fly across our continent on a straight line to China.
The rich commerce of Asia will flow through our
centre. And where has that commerce ever flowed
without carrying wealth and dominion with it?
Look at its ancient channels, and the cities which
it raised into kingdoms, and the populations which
upon its treasures became resplendent in science,
learning, and the arts. Tyre, Sidon, Balbec, Pal-
myra, Alexandria, among its ancient emporiums,
attest the power of this commerce to enrich, to ag-
grandize, and to enlighten nations. Constanti-
nople, in the middle ages, and in the time of the
crusades, was the wonderof Western Europe; and
all, because she w.as then a thoroughfare of Asi-
atic commerce. Genoa and Venice, mere cities,
in later time, became the match of kingdoms, and
the envy of kings, from the mere divided streams
of this trade of which they became the thorough-
fare. LUbon had her great day, and Portugal
her preeminence during the little while that the
discovery of the Cape of Good Hope put her in
communication with the East. Amsterdam, the
city of a little territory rescued from the sea, and
the Seven United Provinces, not equal in extent to
! one of our lesser States, became great in arms, in
| letters, in wealth, and in power; and all upon the
East India trade. And London, what makes her
thecommercial mistress of the world—what makes
.an island no larger than one of our first class States
—the mistress of possessions in the four quarters
of the globe—a match for half of Europe—and
dominant in Asia? What makes all this, or con-
tributes most to make it, but this same Asiatic
trade? In no instance has it failed to carry the
nation, or the people which possessed it, to the
highest pinnacle of wealth and power, and with it
the highest attainments of letters, arts, and sciences. t
And so will it continue to be. An American road v'
to India, through the heart of our country, will
revive upon its line all the wonders of which we
have read—and cclipse them. The' western wil-
derness, from the Pacific to the Mississippi, will
start into life under its touch. A long line of cities
will grow up. Existing cities will take a new start.
The state of the world calls for a new road to In-
dia, and it is our destiny to give it—the last and
greatest. Let us act up to the greatness of the
occasion, and showSmrselves worthy of the ex-
traordinary circumstances in which we are placed,
by securing while we can an American roadjto
India—central*and national—for ourselves and our
posterity—now, and hereafter, for thousands of
years to come. - t
I now ask leave to introduce the bill.
Leave having been granted, Mr. B. introduced
his bill, which was read twice, and referred to' the
Committee on Military Affairs. It is as follows:
A BILL to provide for the location and construction of a
central national road from the Pacific Ocean to the Mis-
sissippi river, with a branch of said road to the Columbia
river.
Be it enacted, That sevent>-five per centum of the
proceeds of the public lands m Oregon and California, and
hlty per centum of the amount of the sales of ail otner pub-
he lands in the United States,*-hall be, and the same hereby
are, set apart and pledged to detiay the expenses of locating
and constructing a central national road trom the Pacific
Ocean to the Mississippi river, with a branch of said road to
the Columbia river.
Sec. 2- And be it farther enacted, That the said central
national road shall commence on the bay of San Francisco,
at a suitable point to connect wit&the ocean navigation of
the Pacific, and terminate at St. Louis, in the State of Mis-
souri. And the said branch road shall commence on the
tide-water region of the Columbia river, to connect with
ocean navigation at that point, and shall intersect the cen-
tral national road at some suitable point west of the Rocky
Mountains. ^
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the said central
-and branch roads shall be iron railways, where practicable
and advantageous, and shall be macadamized, or otherwise
constructed,"where not so practicable and advantageous;
and a breadth of one mile wide trom the frontier of the
State of Missouri to the bay of San Francisco, shall be,
and the same hereby is, reserved and appropriated for-
ever for the track of said central road, and for the tracks
of such other roads ft ail ways or other*) as may hereafter be
authorized by act ot Congress; and a breadth of one thou-
sand feet shall be, and the, same hereby is. reserved for the
branch road to the ude-water region or the Columbia.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the President of
the United States be, and he hereby is, authorized and
