474
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 7,
requested to cause all the information in the possession or
povyerof the Government, necessary to show tiie compara-
tive advantages and disadvantages of different routes for
s#fd central and branch routes, to he laid before Congress for
its. decision, with typographical and profile maps to iilustiate
the same; and to cause further explorations to be made, if
necessary; and the stun of thirty thoa&and dollars, out of
any moneys in the treasury not otherwise appropriated, be,
and the same hereby is, appropriated to enable the President
to carry the objects of this section into effect
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That as soon as the
routes for said central and branch road, or either of them,
shall be selected, the location and construction thereof shall
be commenced under the direction «of the President of the
tfmted States, and continued till finished, by virtue of ap-
propriations to be made by Congress out of the fund created
and set apart for that purpose.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That military stations
shall be established on the line of the said central and branch
roads, for their protection and support; and settlements shall
be encouraged at such stations by making donations of land
to actual settlers.
Sec. 7. And be it further cnacted, That so soon as said
railway, or any sufficient part thereof, shall be completed
and fit for fhr use thereof shall be granted foi a limited
time to such individuals or compauies as shall, by contract
with the Government of the United States, agree to trans-
port persons, mail?, munitions of war, and freight of all
kinds, public and private, in vehicles furnished by them-
selves,-over the same at such reasonable rates as shall be
agreed upon: Provided, That if other loads shall hereafter
be constructed on the ground received for roads by this act,
the same company or person shall not be allowed to have the
contract for transportation, or any interest in more than one
road at the same time : Andprorided, further, Thatamaigin
of said reserved ground, both over the said central and branch
road, of at least one hundred feet wide, shall be forever re-
served for a common road for wheel carriages, horse and toot
travellers, fr^e from toll or charge.
Sec 8. And be it further enacted, That the sum of §100,000
be, and the same is hereby, appropriated to enable the Pres-
ident to treat with the Indian tribes along the line of said
road, when the route thereot shall be resolved upon, for so
much territoiy as shall be nceessary for the purposes of this
act.
REVOLUTIONARY PENSIONS.
Mr. ATHERTON moved that the Senate sus-
pend its previous orders, and proceed to the con-
sideiation of the House bill for the payment of
revolutionary and other pensions, for the year end-
ing 30th June, 1850.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill being
under consideration as in Committee of the Whole,
was reported without amendment.
The biii was then read^a third time and passed.
MILITARY ACADEMY.
On motion of Mr. ATHERTON, the previous
orders were postponed, and the Senate proceeded
to consider the bill from the House making appro-
priations for the^support of the Military Academy,
for the year ending June 30, 1850.
The bill was considered as in Committee of the
Whole, and was then reported, and read a third
time and passed.
HOUSE AMENDMENTS.
The bifi concerning testimony was received from jj as he wanted to speak in relation i
the House of Representatives, with amendments, ;! things in which he thought there had
and the bill and amendments were referred to the !! — — —-1 —-i
Committee on the Judiciary.
The bill granting a pension to Bethiah Healy,
widow of George Healy, deceased, was received
from the House, with an amendment, and referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of William A. Slacum, was received from the.
House of Representatives, with amendments; which
were concurred in.
On motion of Mr. BUTLER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to' the consideration ofExecutive business,
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and •.
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. |
Wednesday, February 7, 1849. j
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved. ■
Mr. BINGHAM, by unanimous consent, pre- !
scnted the petition of the head chiefs of the Chip- i
pewa tribe of Indians, on Lake Superior, for a
grant of land, &c.; which was laid on the table,
*and ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr.' HUNT, the House proceeded
to the consideration of the following resolution
from the Senate; it was read as follows:
Resolved, That the two Houses will assemble m the Cham-
bei of the House of Representatives on Wednesday the 14th
instant, at 12 o'clock, and the President otUhe Senate shall
be the piesidmg officer; that one poison be appointed a
teller on the pan of the Senate, and two on the part of the
House of Representatives, to make a list of the votes as they
shallibe declared; that the result shall be delivered to the
president of the' Senate, who shall announce the state of
the vote, and the persons elected, tS%ie two Houses assem-
bled as aforesaid; which shall be' deemed a declaration of
the persons elected President and Vice President of the
United States, and, together with a list of votes, be entered
on the Journals of the two Houses.
The said resolution was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. WILEY", '
Resolved, That the Committee oh the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a post road from Exelin Corner, in the county of Pe-
nobtcot, via West Garland, north part of Dexter, west part
of Sawyerville, to Abbot, in the county of Piscataquis,
Maine.
On motion of Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama,
Jeave wa£ granted to withdraw the petition and
papers of Farley D. Thompson from the files of
the House.
Mr. BURT called for the regular order of busi-
ness.
The SPEAKER said, that the first business was
the motion to reconsider the vote by which the
title of the navy appropriation bill had been adopted.
There was a subsequent question pending, which
had arisen out of a point of order: the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] having exceeded the
limits of debate allowed upon the motion to .recon-
sider, the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Strong] had objected to his proceeding further
without the leave of the House. .The question
was upon granting leave. Upon the vote being
taken no quorum was present, and pending^ the
proceedings the House had adjourned.
The question now was, i% Shall leave be given to
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sceenck] to pro-
ceed in order with his remarks?"
Mr, STRONG, of Pennsylvania, rose and said,
he desired, if it was in order, to withdraw the
objection which he had made.
The SPEAKER stated that if there were no ob-
jection, the gentleman from Ohio could procecd with
his remarks.
Mr. DICKINSON objected.
The SPEAKER said the question would be,
then, upon granting leave to the gentleman to pro-
ceed in order upon the motion which had been
made by him, viz: to reconsider the vote by which
the title to the navy bill had been agreed to.
The question was taken and agreed to.
So Mr. Schenck was allowed to proceed with
his remarks in order.
Mr.SCHENCK said he had had some thoughts,
inasmuch as this questiorl was confined within
very nanow limits, io talk something about titles
and titular dignity, such as that of chairman of the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and other matters in which the question of title was
concerned; but as he did not feel disposed to pur-
sue the course of remark which it had occurred to
him it would be proper to make last evening, and
to some other
been a gi eat
, misapptehension and misunffeistanding, in refer-
1 ence to the condition of the navy, he should reserve
.what he would have said till some other occasion
I when greater latitude of debate would be allowed;
I and when he would be permitted to correct some
| of the misstatements, or rather misunderstandings,
i into which gentlemen had fallen in speaking upon
! this subject. It was entirely unnecessary for him
now, with any hope of good being accomplished,
to detain the House upon the question of the mere
title of a bill, the biii itself having passed through
its various stages without having received those !
amendments which he thought at the time were
perfectly in order, and which, if they had been
offered one day earlier, would have been in order,
ii on the ground that everything, or almost every-
u thing, offered the day before yesterday was in
order, when yesterday the chairman had ruled it
out of order, although propositions of precisely
the same character as had the day before been re-
ceived.
He should therefore decline to occupy the time
of the House. He was not disposed to express
some particular views in regard to titles and titled ■
gentlemen; and he would therefore yield the floor, i
so that the question might be taken upon the title ;
of the bill. Or perhaps he ought to move to lay i
the motion to reconsider on the table, so as to put
an end to this whole proceeding. He made that
motion.
The motion was agreed to.
So the title of the bill stands as adopted, and the
bill is passed. ~-\
Mr. BARRINGrER called for the regular order j
of business.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. HALL, of New York, from the Committee
on the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
from the Semite entitled "An act for the better
organization of the district court of the United
States within the State of Louisiana," reported
the same back to the fctouse, with an amendment
as follows: • *
Ssc. 3. So much of this act as authorizes the appointment
of a judge and other officers by the President, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, shall take ( fleet and
be in force on and after the 15th day of Maieh, J840; and
the residue of this act shall not take effect, nor shall such
officers enter, upon the discharge of their duties, or be enti-
tled to any salary oi compensation, until the 1st day of June
thereafter.
Mr. FICKLIN said he very much questioned
the propriety of passing this bill. It seemed to
him if the State of Louisiana required two judo-ea
•of the district court of the United States, Ohio
would also require two. • It might be said that the
maritime questions which came before the court at
New Orleans occupied a great portion of the year,
and constituted a great portion of the business of
that court. But there was also a great deal of liti-^
gation in Ohio, and but one district judge there.
He had an objection to the amendment proposed
by the committee. That amendment provided that
the bill for one purpose should go into operation
at one time, and for another purpose at another
time, so as to secure to the incoming Administra-
tion the appointment of officers under it. He could
not see why this discrimination should be made
against the present Executive. He moved that
the bill be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. MORSE spoke in substance as follows:
I hope the people of Western Louisiana will not
be deprived of the contemplated advantages pro-
posed to be given them by the bill, on account of
the amendment of the committee postponing the
appointment of the judge until the new Adminis-
tration shall come into power. I need not say that
my support, feeble though it may be, has been as
warmly and freely given to this Administration as
any member on this side of the House; but, sir, I
for one am unwilling to prolong for alonger period'
the doubt and uncertainty which hangs over the
titles of the property of a very considerable por-
tion of my constituents, as well as those of my
friend and colleague who sits before me, [Mr. Har-
manson.] This bill will enable the people of Lou-
isiana to test the validity of those immense grants
known as the Bastrop and Maison Rouge grants,
and a decision in favor or against the assignees of
those grants, is better than the doubt and uncer-
tainty that hangs over them. The value of many
successions is greatly diminished from the uncer-
tainty of the tenure by which the lands are held.
The question is not whether the judge shall be
appointed by Mr. Polk or General Taylor, but
whether the people shall have the court or not.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ficklin] says
that Ohio has but one district court, and why
should Louisiana have two? The time of the dis-
trict court in New Orleans is occupied with the
maritime cases of that commercial city, the first m
exports in the Union, not evwM^cceptmg the great
empire'city of New York. ™
When Congress passed an act enabling the
claimants of land to sue the United States, it was
thought by a number of people in the West, that
instead of having a short term for the western dis-
trict to be held once a year by the judge of the
eastern district, that by removing the terms of the
court to New Orleans, where the court was almost
ah the time in session, that business could be ex-
pedited. That has been tried and failed, and the
people now ask a separate court for themselves;
and it is no answer to me that Ohio has but one
dfstrict cotfrt. If one court is not sufficient for the
business in Ohio, no man will more cheerfully vote
for another district court than myself.
If I satisfy tfie House (as I hope I shall be a^Ie
to do, if they will but give me a few minutes' atten-
tion) that the necessities of^the people require this
additional court, I know the justice of this body
will accord it.
[Here Mr. Morse was asked by Mr. Houston,
of Alabama, if the salary of the district judge of
Louisiana was not increased to enable him to dis-
charge the additional duties imposed upon him.]
Mr, Speaker, (continued Mr..M.,) I would
frankly answer the gentleman if I knew.. My recol-
lection is, that an increase of salary was endeavored
