1849.
TOE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to be inserted in the bill, and that it failed; but be
that as it may, it is not at present -too large, or
even large enough for the qperous duties imposed
upon him 
[Here Mr. Boyd asked Mr. M.orse if he would
sanction the principle contained in the amendment,
postponing the appointment of the judge until after
the incoming of the new Administration, thereby
sanctioning the principle of legislating for the pa-
tronage of the Government.]
Mr. MORSE said, X will answer the interrogatory
of my friend from Kentucky, in the Yankee fashion,
by asking another: If a bill depended on your vote,
and jour constituents were deeply and greatly
interested in its passage, would you defeat it, be-
cause, forsooth, the party in power took away the
appointment from an Administration on the eve of
its going out, to give it to the Administration about
to come in? That is the concern of the gentleman
moving the amendment. My constituents want the
bill; I will not lose the substance by looking after
the shadow. It is a little matter who may be the
appointing power, but the creation of the court is
a matter of vital importance to the people of West-
ern Louisiana.
Mr. STRONG, of Pennsylvania, inquired if the
court was necessary for the trial of these great
grants, why not limit its duration -to two or three
years ?
Mr. MORSE continued: Mr. Speaker, the dis-
trict embraced in the provisions of this bill, I ven-
ture to assert, will be as large as any other in the
United States. And long before these important
land suits can be all decided, a sufficient amount
of new business to warrant the establishment of a
court for other matters will be created. I trust my
friend will not press this objection.
I conjure the House not to suffer this—a local
matter, deeply affecting the rights of a large num-
ber of my constituents—to be mixed up with party
feeling. The gentlemen on the Whig side of the
House will see my sincerity for the passage of the
bill; in fact, that I am willing to take the bill,
- though the appointment may be made by General
Taylor.
I trust my friends on this side of the House will
not interpose any obstacles to its passage now.
Whether it passes to-day, or four years hence,
General Taylor will still have the appointingpow-
er^ and I hope the bill will meet the favorable con-
sideration of all sides of this House.
Mr. BOYD said, what he objected to was the
principle, and he hoped this body would not pre-
sent the spectacle of deliberately legislating on the
principle of providing patronage for any particular
Executive officer of the Government; and surely
■our friends on the other side who professed such
holy horror of everything that smacks of Execu-
tive patronage, would not insist upon such a pio-
vision.
Mr. KAUFMAN said he had no question that
it was very important to the people of Louisiana
that this bill should be passed. He knew that it
was a matter of deep interest to the people of the
western district of Louisiana that their land claims
^should be decided. He had some knowledge of
these land claims; af^ he believed it was important
to the settlers that this court should be lmmedi-
1 ately established.
"But there was one amendment to which he could
not consent to give his sanction. It was an amend-
ment proposed by the Committee on the Judiciary.
It proposed to legislate with a special view to the
disposition of the offices contemplated by the bill,
eo as to give,the appointments to the incoming
Administration. He, for one, could never sanction
any such proposition, nor~did he think that the ma-
jority of the Whig party would sanction a measure
plainly depriving the Executive of the patronage
. - which legitimately belonged^to him, and to confer
it upon the incoming Administration of the coun-
try. The amendment provided, that the judge
whose appointment was contemplated by the bill
should not be appointed until the 15th of March next.
Did not this amendment clearly say, in effect, that
this House would not give to the present President
-the appointment of a district judge of Louisiana,
but- would reserve the privilege for General Tay-
lor? He (Mr. K.) repeated, he did not think that ;
the majority of the Whig party would consent to
this amendment. But the gentleman from Loui-
siana [Mr. Morse] said, that although the amend-
ment was reported by the Committee on the Ju-
. dietary, yet he did not believe that the Whig party
in.this House would pass the bill without that
amendment.
Mr. K. proceeded to remark, that the statutes of
the country, from its organization t  the present
time, contained no precedent of this character, A
single instance could not be adduced in which the
patronage of the Government was in this manner
taken awa'y from one Executive ancl given to an-
other—thus throwing a slur, an imputation upon
one President in order to give a little paltry patron-
age to an incoming Executive. There was a larger
majority of Democrats in the Senate, than of Whigs
in this ftouse; and if the Whigs of this House were
wilting to sacrifice the interests of the people of Lou-
isiana for the mere purpose of giving this patronage
to the next.Executive, the Democrats oftheSenale
would never consent that it should be done. The
adoption of the' amendment, merely for the pur-
pose of legislating for party purposes, was unwor-
thy of the great Whig party of the country which
had recently succeeded in electing a President, and
he did not believe that such a course of legislation
would be sanctioned by ihem.
"There wa3 upon the Speaker's table another bill
which had been sent from the Senate, the object
of which was to create a district court in Texas—
a State five or six times as large as any other in
the Union. There was a great and imperious ne-
cessity for the establishment of such a court; yet,
notwithstanding that, he should vote against it, if
an amendment of this kind should be introduced
into it, because that amendment violates every
principle of right and piopriety 
Mr. LEVIN here interposed, and made a remark
which (so far as its tenor could be caught by the
reporter) was as follows: He had not, he was un-
derstood to say, made up his mind how he should
vote on this amendment; but he would call the at-
tention of the gentleman from Texas [Mr. Kauf-
man] to the fact, ihat so soon as it had been
ascertained that General Jackson had been elected
by a better knowledge of the %cts of .the, ease
they "actually existed., v . ~
The bill provided for the organization, of a dis-
trict court in the we&tern district of Louisiana, ami
as it came from the Senate,, was to,take effect ihar
mediately on its passage, so as to allow an imrne-_
diate appointment of a judge and other officers,,
with salaries to commence at once, although the
first term of the court provided for in the Senate
bill was not to be held until the first Monday in
August next. There appeared to be no propriety
in appointing these officers at this time, and pay-
ing them their salaries from the time of their ap-
pointment, when they would not be called upon
to act (except in the unimportant preliminary arr
rangements preparatory to holding a term) unti
the first Monday in August next. Until that time
they could not be called upon to render any im-
portant service, and it was therefore proper to
postpone the time when the act should take effect^
for the purpose of saving to the United States the?
salaries to which these officers would be entitled
under the provisions of the bill as it passed the
Senate, independent of any considerations grow-
ing out of the patronage which the bill, if passed,
must give to the President whenever the bill should
go into effect.
It would, therefore, have been proper so to
amend the bill as to postpone, until the next sum-
mer, the period at which it should take effect, were
it not that if this were clone in regard to the whole
bill, it would not take effect until after the final
adjournment of the Senate, and the consequence
would tbereforebe that nojudge could be appointed
until the next session. The committee had there-
fore reported this amendment, which declares in
substance that so much of the act as authorized .the
appointment of officers should go into effect on the,
fifteenth day of March next,and the residue on the
first day of June next—allowing, by these provis-
ions, the appointment of the necessary officers by.
President of the United States, the Democratic * the President and Senate in March, but not allow
majority then m the Senate refused to confirm
single nomination made by Mr. Adams. That j
was a precedent established by a Dernociatic ma- i
jority of the Senate. [
Mr. KAUFMAN proceeded. The fact, he said, J
might be so. Whatever a Democratic majority of
the Senate might have done at that time, did not j
make the principle right. He had no doubt that j
every Whig orator and every Whig press through- '
out the country denounced the action of the Senate
at that time. But the action of the Senate was '
confined to matters coming before them in secret ;
session, and properly cognizable by the Senate as 1
constitutional advisors of the President in regard
to nominations. This was the first time that the
principle had been applied to a law of this kind.
In the case to which the gentleman frnm Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Levin] had referred, he repeated, the
proceedings were confined to secret session; and
there was known to be a state of political excite-
ment throughout the country which had not existed
since. But, in any event, the precedent was a bad
one, and he trusted that it would not find any favor
here.
If theamendment was not incorporated in the bill
it was his intention to vote in favor of its passage,
because he believed, as he had stated, that the 1
interests of the people of Louisiana demanded it. if j
the amendment should be incorporated, he should :
vote against the bill. And if a similar amendment 1
should be introduced into the bill to piovide a 1
district court for the State of Texas, he should *
now and forever hereafter vote against it, because j
it seemed to him that it would be a reproach on '
the legislation of the country, such as he was un-j
willing to believe that a majority of tnis House |
would by its suffrages sanction.
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, said, he had not risen ,
with the view of detaining the House by a speech.
Mr. HALL, of New York, (who had reported 1
the bill from the Committee on the Judiciary,) !
asked the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Smith] to ,
yield the floor for a few moments to him, that he 1
might make an explanation. !
Mr. SMITH haviiig done so—
Mr. HALL said, if the gentleman from Texas ;
[Mr. Kaufman] had yielded to his request, and
given way for an explanation in regard to the pro- ]
visions of the Senate bill and the amendment !
reported by him (Mr. H.) from the Judiciary j
Committee, the holy horror that gentleman had
manifested might have been somewhat mitigated |
ing theip to enter upon the discharge of theirduties,
or to become entitled to compensation, until the
near approach of a necessity for the discharge oi
the duties of their respective offices.
Again, it was desirable that the bill should not
immediately go into effect for another reason: A
term of the circuit court was required to be held in
Louisiana under the existing laws, on the fourth,
Monday in April next, and it was desirable not to
interfere with the existing state of things until after
that term was held.
Under the provisions of the amendment, the ex-
isting arrangement and jurisdiction of the United
States couits m Louisiana would continue until
the first of** June next; and until that tune th&
present judge would exercise out of court all the
jurisdiction which he is now entitled to exercise-
in relation to the judicial business of the whole-
State. No injury or inconvenience could result
from postponing the period when the law should
take effect to the time proposed by this amendment;
for the present district judge could easily discharge
| all the chamber duties for the present district,
j which comprises the whole State.
' The gentleman from Texas [Mr. Kaufman]
| seemed to fear exceedingly that the rights of the
I people of the western distnct of Louisiana were to
' be sacrificed by the amendment introduced, as he
; alleges, on political grounds, to secure the patronage
! of tins bill to the incoming Administration; but
the representatives of the people immediately in-
terested, and in whose behalf the sympathies of the
, gentleman from Texas had been so much excited,
did not seem to be alarmed, but had, on the contraiy,
! assented to the provisions of this amendment, as
• had been stated by the gentleman from Louisiana,
; [Mr. Morse.] The gentlenjan from Texas [Mr.
! Kaufman] might therefore relieve his mind from
. ail anxiety on their account.
; But the gentleman had also objected that the
i amendment proposed to legislate with reference to
; the change that was soon to occur in the Execu-
S tive department of the Government; but the bill as,
: it came from the Senate, still more than the amend-
' merit, was liable to that objection. The Senate
i bill admitted, by the provisions to which he had
| alluded, that it was not desirable or expedient that
| any term of the district court should.be held under
' its provisions until August next; and yet, to give
j the patronage created by the bill to the retiring
: Administration, they had proposed that the bill
| should take effect immediately on its passage; thus
