476
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 7,
authorizing the appointment of officers to receive
salaries, without service, for several months before
they were to be called upon to discharge any im-
portant duties." But to this the gentleman from
Texas would of course take no exception, for this
course—although it was legislating in reference to
a change at the White House; although it required
a considerable expenditure of the people's money,
without the slightest necessity; although it was to
give to President Polk the appointment of officers
who could not enter upon their duties until long
after he went out of power—was altogether agree-
able to the gentleman, because it secured comfort-
able places for three or four more gentlemen of the
political party to which the gentleman from Texas
belonged.
He would not trespass further upon the time of
his friend from Indiana, having, as he believed,
said enough to justify the action of the Judiciary
Committee in reporting the amendment under con-
sideration.
Mr. SMITH then proceeded with his remarks.
He said that one would suppose, from the excite-
ment which had been manifested on this question,
that the Constitution and the rights of the people
of Louisiana were about to be ruthlessly sacrificed
by the amendment which had been reported from
the Committee on the Judiciary. For his own
part, he could see no reason for this excitement.
He saw no attempt to invade the rights of the peo-
ple of Louisiana, and he was not able to see any
possible aspect of the case in which those rights
could in any way be injured by the adoption of
the amendment. The gentleman from Texas had
said that legislation of this kind was without pre-
cedent in the history of this country, and that we
might in vain search the records for a similar in-
stance.
Upon looking to previous acts of Congress, he
(Mr. S.) found that it had been common io fix a
day upou which a bill should go into operation.
He would, for example, mention the bill organizing
the Territorial Government of Wisconsin, and the
bill organizing the Territorial Government of Iowa
—and numerous other bills to which reference
might be made—in which it was expressly de-
clared in the law itself, that it should not go into
effect until a day subsequent to the time of its pas-
sage, and subsequent to the adjournment of the
Congress by which it was passed.
Mr. KAUFMAN desired to ask a question.
Mr. SMITH having yielded the floor— .
Mr. KAUFMAN inquired whether it could be
found where a law had been passed, with a view
to take away the patronage of the Government
from an outgoing Chief Magistrate and to give it
to an incoming Administration? The gentleman
from Louisiana [Mr. Morse] had expresed his
belief that the Whig majority in this House would
not support the bill unless the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. SMITH continued. He'could not, lie said,
undertake to say what had been the intention of
the Committee on the Judiciary in reporting the
amendment. The'House was not authorized to
assume, by anything which the committee had
done, or by anything which appeared on the face
of the bill itself, or of the amendment, that it was
the intention of the committee, or of the Whig side
of the House, to deprive the Administration of the
patronage which belonged to it. "There was noth-
ing in the case which warranted such an assump-
tion. He had stated that in other cases it had been
a common practice to fix a time subsequent to the
passage of the bill, and subsequent to the adjourn-
ment of the Congress that passed it, for the bill
itself to go into effect. Now, whether the intention
was to take away the patronage and confer it upon
another, he could not undertake to decide. But
there was an obvious propriety in fixing the time
for this bill to go into effect subsequent to the ad-
journment of Congress. It might be true that the
President would be deprived of the opportunity of
making these appointments. Suppose it was so:
was that wrong? The court could not be organ-
ized until after the present Administration had gone
out of power.
Mr. S. made a remark which led to some ex-
planation between him and Mr. Pettit, the pur-
port of which was not caught, but which may be
inferred from the remarks which follow.
Of course, (Mr. S. continued,) gentlemen could
not imagine that he meant to say that the President
was personally responsible for the conduct of the
judges whom he might appoint. But gentlemen
knew that if an officer in any department of the
Government was guilty of improper conduct, or
was unpopular, the odium in public opinion fell,
in some measure, upon the Executive who had ap-
pointed him. This was all he intended to say. But
he would ask why gentlemen should desire that the
existing Ad ministration should have the appoint-
ment, when it was known that before the officers
provided for in this bill could enter on the'discharge
of their duties this Administration would be defunct
—its power would have ceased?
It has been stated that this proposition was with-
out precedent. He was glad that his friend from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Levin] had reminded the gen-
tleman from Texas [Mr. Kaufman] of one prece-
dent, which not only covered this case, but was
much more comprehensive in its character. It was
matter of recollection to all who were familiar with
the political history of the country, that shortly
after the election of General Jackson, the Senate,
consisting of a majority of his friends, refused to
confirm a single appointment made by the then
Administration. They set it down as a principle,
that an Administration which had been turned out
of power by the people, whose functions and whose
powers were to cease on the ensuing 4th of March,
should not embarrass the.incoming Administration
by filling up the offices which were vacant or were
about to become vacant; and on that principle the
Senate, at that time, laid on the table the nomina-
tion of a distinguished gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Crittenden] for the supreme bench, whose
appointment would have been hailed with univer-
sal satisfaction by the people throughout every
section of the Union; ami who, if he had been per-
mitted to occupy that high place, would have shed
a lustre upon the supreme judicial department of
the,Government. But he was prevented from oc- 
cupying that place to which his universal popu-
larity called him, merely because the party then in
power in the Seriate decided to sanction none of
the appointments of the outgoing Administration.
Mr. KAUFMAN interposed, and (the floor
having been yielded) said, although it may have
been a bad precedent to which the gentleman from
Indiana referred, yet the Senate acted within the
sphere of their constitutional power. They were
the constitutional advisers of the President. But
he asked, what provision of the Constitution it was
that authorized this House to legislate especially
with reference to the appointing power of the Gov-
ernment, when it had nothing to do with the ap-
pointment?
Mr. SMITH continued. The gentleman from
Texas had informed them that the Senate in that
instance acted in the sphere of its constitutional
power. He trusted the gentleman would not say
that Congress had not the constitutional power to
pass this law, to take effect at some future day. If
he (Mr. S.) thought so, he would not advocate it.
He knew that the Senate made that decision,
and under that decision the appointment of the
distinguished citizen of Kentucky was laid on the
table; and when the newly-elected Executive came
into power, that nomination was withdrawn, and
another sent in in its stead.
He could also point the gentleman to a pure,
upright, distinguished citizen of Ohio—a gentleman
who occupied a seat upon this floor for ten years,
with honor to himself and credit to his constituents
—who was nominated to the office of district judge
of the State of Ohio. Not one word of objection
was made to that appointment 
Mr. McLANE interposed, and (with Mr. S.'s
[ permission) inquired, if he was to understand the
| gentleman from Indiana to say that the Democratic
party of the Senate of the United States, at the
time of which the gentleman spoke, decided broad-
ly that they would not confirm the appointments
made by the outgoing Administration?
Mr. SMITH replied, he understood by their
' action that they decided so. He did not know
i that they adopted a resolution announcing that
; decision.
I Mr. McLANE stated, that at the very session
when the nominstion of the 'distinguished citizen
of Kentucky, to whom the gentleman had alluded,
was laid on the table, the nomination of the judge !
of the Pennsylvania district was confirmed. The 1
distinction was taken, that whenever the public
service required, the nominations were acted on;
and those cases only were laid on the table which
the public service did not require to be acted on.
Mr. SMITH (continuing) said, he was not
apprised of the true state of the case, whether such
a resolution was adopted or not. We all knew
this to be the fact, however, that no such appoint-
ments, with the exception, perhaps, of that of the
district judge, Were confirmed. He knew manv
instances in which these appointments were laid
on the table.
There was no objection from any quarter to the
gentleman from Ohio, to whose nomination he
had referred, on the ground of fitness; but the
only ground why the Senate refused to act on hig
nomination was, that, having a party majority, and
friends to the incoming Administration, they w.'ould
not ratify the appointments of the Administration
then going out of power.
A case from this very State—the State of Lou-
isiana—occurred to his mind: a Mr. Gurley, of
whom he had heard spoken in very high-terms
was nominated the same session for a judgeship
there; and the Senate refused to confirm his nom-
ination on the same ground.
The gentleman from Maryland had told them
that the Senate confirmed the nominations where
public necessity required they should be appointed
at the time. He would ask that gentlenjan if there
was any public necessity which demanded the ap-
pointment of this district judge before the 4th of
Match ? In the case of the nomination for district
judge of Ohio, the office had become vacant by the
death of the incumbent. Surely a great public
necessity existed there for the appointment.
Mr. KAUFMAN again wished to explain.
But—
Mr.SMITH declined,stating thathehadyiel'ded
to the gentleman from Texas several times. He
had not designed to speak so long as-he had. He
desired the gentleman to allow him to close the few
remarks which he had to make.
If gentlemen placed it on the ground of public
necessity, (he continued,) he was willing to admit
that no party considerations, no desire to sustain
the incoming or the outgoing Administration,
should induce the Senate to withhold their assent,
or Congress to refuse to authorize appointments,
where the public necessity required them to be im-
mediately made; and if gentlemen would show him
that there was any public necessity which required
the appointment of a district judge for the western
district of Louisiana before the 4th of March, he
was witling to give the President the authority to
make the appointment before that time. This court
I could not possibly be organized before the present
i Administration went out of power; where, then,
| was the necessity for allowing the present Execu-
I tive to anticipate the necessity, and appointa judge
who would not commence the functionsof his office
I until the new Administration came into power?
There was no necessity for it; and gentlemen could
place their objections to the proposition only on'
mere party grounds, for the purpose of enabling the
Administration which had been ejected from power
by the people to fill up an appointment which
could not be vacated by removal, with a partisan
friend of their own. They desired to deprive the
inciJming Administration of the exercise of that
power, which, on every prin#ple of justice and
propriety, belonged to it. He asked these gentle-
men if it was not reasonable to suppose that the
people of Louisiana—who by a large majority of
the votes of that State had contributed to the elec-
tion of one of her distinguished "and illustrious
citizens to the office of President of the United
States—would much prefer that that citizen whom
they had thus elevated, should select the man to
fill this office? Was it any injustice towards the
people of Louisiana to take this course? The gen-
tleman from Texas [Mr. Kaufman] had arraigned
them here upon the charge that they were endeav-
oring to trample to the earth the rights of the
people of Louisiana. He (Mr. S.) appealed from
the gentleman from Texas to the people of Lou-
isiana. He asked every candid, every liberal and
generous mind here, what would be the response
of the people of Louisiana when that appeal was
made to them ? They had decided that question
already. They had decided that their own dis-
tinguished citizen, who was to occupy the Execu-
tive office of this nation for the ensuing four years,
was the man of their choice; and in the face of that
majority which they had given him, would gen-
tlemen contend that they desired Congress now to
anticipate the necessity, and strip him of the power
with which the Constitution clothed him, and place
