478
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 7S
have overclouded the land, I feel what all men
feel in adversity and distress—that the very emer-
gency,the very exigency which is uponthecountry
-takes from us the general responsibility which at-
taches to all, and fixes upon each and all of us an
individual responsibility that makes me, humble
as J am, feel that I have the burdens of all.
The proposition which I offer, I offer as a sub-
stitute for the territorial bills now on your table.
Let us for one moment examine the principles
wpon which the territorial bill rests. What, sir,
is this territorial government, and what the true
character of that issue upon which we are divi-
ding this empire, and producing this great dis-
traction in the land? Is it one of the original
objects and ends of this Government to hold and
to retain territorial dominion? Is it anything
but a trust power, which is declared in the Con-
stitution, in a. single clause which I will not stop
to read?—not as the basis upon which we should
in the hereafter and in the thereafter legislate for
the creation, for the maintenance, for the ad-
vancement of proconsular Territorial governments
abroad. That is not the Constitution under which
we live. The territorial power construed either as
gentlemen from the North or as gentlemen from
the South construe it, is but a secondary power or
trust in this Government. What is the primary
trust? What is this power which was given to
admit new States ? What is this power in the Con-
stitution, in which it isdeclared that we shall make
such rules and regulations as are necessary for the
government of the Territories, made for? Was it
that this House should be converted into a muni-
cipal tegislaturc? Was it that we should spend
days, weeks, months, and years in legislating upon
distant and small territorial questions? strictly mu-
nicipal questions ? No, sir. The great trust—the
great power—the great reason why that clause in
the Constitution was introduced was upon this
principle, and this alone. Sir, territorial dominion
was given to us, not that we might place slavery
there or freedom there; not that we might go into
municipal legislation in detail for these provinces;
but it w-as that we should rear up there sovereign
and independent States. That is the primary trust
in the Constitution. The territorial trust is limited
in its duration. In the first resolution, in relation
to the cession of territory by the States, under the
old-Confederation, before we had entered upon
the form of Government under which we have so
happily lived, in that resolution (which I have be-
fore me, but which I will not occupy the time of
the House by reading) it was declared that we
shall create sovereign States. And we were in-
vited—Virginia was invited—to cede her lands to
create sovereign States—when ? As soon—at the
very first moment—at the very first period of time
that the imperative law of necessity ceased to exist,
by which they were kept in territorial subjection.
Whenever the period had arrived that there was a
population there large enough in numbers, the
great primary object of the trust arose instantly,
and on the spot; and he who keeps these people
in territorial bondage keeps them in oppression,
for the first great primary trust is that they shall
become sovereign States.
How was it again in the ordinance of 1787 ? In
that very ordinance it is declared in terms, that as
soon as sixty thousand people are found in the
Territory, and sooner if possible, they shall be
admitted as a State. What does all thi's look to?
Sir, it looks to the great proposition that our fore-
fathers intended, at the first moment of time, to
bring every citizen in this nation upon the broad,
elevated American platform of popular sovereign-
ty, resting with the people and with no Govern- :
ment whatsoever. i
Sir, in the tieaty of Louisiana, out of which we :
have made territories, the phrase there is, that they
shall be brought m "as soon as possible"—at the
earliest moment of time. In this Mexican treaty
it is declared, that they shall be brought m at the
discretion of Congress. Ay—but U is a discretion
to be exercised upon the pnnciple of the trust. It
is a judicial discretion—it is a legal discretion. It
is a discretion in accordance with the principles of
our Government. It is no arbitrary power—it is
no arbitrary discretion' which authorizes you to
withhold from them that right while you plant
slavery there—while you plant a tariff (here, or
while you plant your "no slavery" doctnnes
there; or, indeed, whiie you plant any particular
system of policy there. That is not the principle.
The principle is, thauhe trust must be resigned at
the first moment of time at which you can possi-
bly discharge yourself of it.
Sir, look for one moment at this question in
another aspect; and what is it? In any form, it
is but a transient and temporary question. Gen-
tlemen are arraying themselves against each other,
declaring that they will have, or will not have,
Wilmot provisoism. .. Gentlemen say, 1' resist-
ance or submission." No, sir; no, sin that is
not th^e true issue in this question. The mere
lapse of time—the mere operation of nature—
the progress of our population,—removes that
| issue, and shows how futile and how errone-
ous it is. That is not the question. The ques-
I tion passes from under gentlemen who take that
j ground. Then what is it? We talk hereabout
i dissolving this Union—\Ce talk about destroying
| our institutions—we talk about abandoning all the
i past, and all the glouous prospects of the future,
• because, forsooth, we will squabble over the dis-
I tribution of a trust subject and a trust fund. We,
i the mere trustee, holding it but for an hour or a
j day, quarrel and destroy all our institutions, while
' thfexe are the people of California—the cestui que
trust—they to whom it belongs—they who are pri-
marily entitled to it, ask and demand of you that
you should not quarrel o^cr the distribution of the
trust fund, but that you should come up and sur-
render that trust subject itself into the hands of
those who are its legitimate owners, that a sover-
eign State may be created out of it.
Sir, the bill which I advocate takes other grounds.
I have shown the dements of these Territorial
bills. I have shown that you are staking your-
selves upon a temporary issue. I have shown that
you are staking yourselves upon an issue and upon
: the division of a fund, and upon the division of a
' spoil, that does not belong to us but for the fultill-
. ment of the primary object of that trust; and the
j day and the hour when it belonged to us is past,
| and it belongs to them, for they die in condition
| to assume it for themselves and exercise it accord-
i ing to the principles of our Government.
Again, sir, I offer this bill because, in the first
clause, it declares that the people ofCaliforniashall
he at liberty to make a government for themselves.
Look at the principle there. You have, as I am
informed, one hundred and fifty thousand of your
citizens there now. ^ You will have, before this
bill can go into operation, two hundred thousand
there, which is twice or thrice as large a population
as most of the States ever had when they were ad-
mitted into the Union. 1 ask you, who is there
here who can stand back and refuse the surrender
of the trust upon any grounds personal, individual,
sectional, or partisan? I ask you who, sir? None.
None of you can; none of you ought.
The bill which I propose, in the first section,
simply gives the consent of Congress to the people
of California and New Mexico to create a govern-
ment for themselves. The bills of the committee
make governments in these Halls, and send them in
imperial power and strength to a reluctant people.
The bill which I advocate invites the people of
California, and affords them the facilities for the
creation of a government founded upon their own
will. It renounces the exercise of your territo-
rial authority and jurisdiction. It recognizes the
great principle of popular supremacy and popular
government. Sir, in that it but acknowledges the
truth which is seen and felt at this moment all over
j the earth—the great truth that popular constitu-
tional government is the great self-sustaining ma-
chine of this age—possessing within itself all the
virtue, all the strength, all the wisdom necessary
for its creation, its preservation, its perpetuation.
It requires no masters to direct its actions. It sub-
mits to no kings and rulers to control its councils.
It requires no armies to maintain lis existence. It
is omnipotent here to-day. It will be omnipresent
in Europe to-morrow. The next day it will be
omnipresent and omnipotent everywhere. Who
can resist it? I am a Virginian, and come here
representing a community intimately connected
and deeply interested in the " peculiar institutions"
of the South; but upon what do they rest? Shall
I keep this territorial question here, that, under the
exercise of this arbitrary and tyrannical power—
this power of making governments heie lor a peo-
ple abroad—f may carry my institutions there?
Why, if there is anything great and venerable m j
the past, and in the recollections of us Vngmians, i
it is that a foreign government, not further from us I
on that shore than our friends in California are on
the other, could not and ought not* upon every
principle upon which our Constitution and Gov-
ernment are formed, control and direct our legis-
lation'. Our slave institutions is based upon it. It is
the right of the people in Virginia and Georgia to
judge for themselves. Their protection and safety
is in giving to the people of the States, and to the
States themselves m their sovereign capacity, con-
trol over this subjeel; that there is no power here
or anywhere but with the people of the States de-
ciding for themselves as to their institutions and
form of government. That is the principle upon
which I place this whole question.
But again: the difficulty with gentlemen peculiarly
sensitive upon points of honor is, that the South,
while the President tells us, while the Cabinet tells
us—while orators tell us that slavery can never
go there—while we hear that and believe it—while
Virginia is told that the climate, soil, and position
of this territory do not and will not permit us to
carry our slaves there, we are told that there is some
great, abiding, solemn question of honor that every
southern man^whodoes notstandupto,is recreant
to himself and forgetful of his ancestors. Now,
I yield to no man on these points. I have yet
yielded to no man on these points. Let us see
how it is. Tne great merit of the bill which I pre-
sent is, that it is a bill under which neither party
is victorious, and neither party overcomes. It is
no compromise al all, and therefore it recommends
itself to me above any other proposition that has
as yet been suggested. In all other suggestions or
propositions which have been offered for disposing
of it, there is a question of compromise, and the
goodness or badness of the bargain, the extent of
the demand you make on the one Side, the spirit
with which you stand up to it, and the courage or
sagacity with which you maintain it, are all ques-
tions to be weighed, considered, and decided.
How is it in this bill? Here are a people num-
beiing two hundred thousand asking you to sur-
render the trust, to give them the rights guaran-
tied to them, and for which this acquisition of
territory was made; and I ask you, does the point
of honor forbid your giving it up to them? I do
not ask my friends of the North to surrender any-
thing to us. I do not, as a southern man, surren-
der anything to them. The spirit of republican-
ism, the spirit of popular supremacy comes at this
" fourth watch of the night" over this tumultuous
and tempestuous ocean; walking upon the waters,
and saying, in the language of old, " Be of good
cheer: it is I, be not afraid." It is but the spirit
of the Revolution—it is but the spirit of our insti-
tutions that calls upon us. I shall not resist it. If
there is dishonor in not resisting it, I submit to the
impeachment. If there is principle in submission
to it, I claim for it, when the bill comes up, the
votes of all gentlemen who feel that it is a privi-
lege and an honor to bow down to that before
which our fathers of old made tyrants and Gov-
ernments bow down. That is my second reason.
It is no compromise. 1 prefer it above the Mis-
souri compromise. I am going to hold nothing
back. Here is my proposition, gentlemen of the
North and gentlemen of the ^jputh. 1 prefer it
above the Missouri compromise for this reason.
Carry the line to the Pacific. Let it be decided
that we have the right to the south and you to the
north of that line, still—the territorial question be-
ing, as m the beginning I attempted to show, but
a limited and temporary one-—the great solemn
question as to the prohibition of slavery comes
back upon us again in the creation of a State.
If our citizens have gone there under the guar-
antee of the Missouri compromise—if there are
more citizens for our institution than against it
there, three or four or five years hence there
is to be a new struggle, a new convulsion, new
mischief, and new calamities. Presidential aspi-
rants take hold of it. Ambitious gentlemen take
hold of it. Partisan presses and leaders take hold
of it. I want repose, and the bill now offered gives
finality to ike question. I want the question ended.
i want it ended under this great principle that I
have so feebly attempted to enforce.^
I prefer it again to the compromise bill of last
year. It is a better measure for the South, and a
better measure for the North. Look for one mo-
ment at that compromise. It proposed to submit
to the judiciary of the United Slates this question,
to be by them decided—whether we could, while
that government is in a territorial condition, carry
