1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
479'"
our slaves there? Suppose they decided for the
South—suppose they decided for the North—what
is the effect of the decision? Three or four years—
no, not one year—would elapse even before the case
could be made—before the decision could be pro-
nounced by the Supreme Court, the people of Cal-
ifornia would come here and say, We want no such
decision; we are going to form a State government.
Your law with regard to slavery in the Territory
is a matter of no importance to us. We are about
to become sovereign. We have now reached that
period when, like men, we can walk; and we will
not ask your hand to sustain or uphold us. We ;
come as Americans; we say we have rights; we
do not beg them as favors, we demand them as
rights appertaining to us as American citizens.
Before the question could be settled by the court, the
State is admitted as a sovereign and independent
State. During this period we are exposed to all the
evils which result from the agitation and disturb-
ance of this most pernicious question, both in these
halls and throughout the whole land.
What, then, is the great desideratum? I am not
one of those who look most gloomily at the results
of this slave question. 1 cannot believe there is
the danger which many suppose; but 1 know there
is, nevertheless, great danger. The bill which I
propose has a merit which no other measure pos-
sesses. Itts not wholly my measure; it would be
- in bad taste for me to speak of it in so strong terms
of commendation if it were. The great principle
of introducing these Territories as States belongs
to others. I have only adopted and applied that
principle to the exigencies of the present period.
But, to go on with the argument: I want finality
to this question. How can it be attained ? How
can this question be relieved from perpetual agita-
tion, but by the enactment of a law assenting to the'
surrender of this territorial power to those to whom
it belongs, and taking it from us, to'whom it does
not belong, except in one event—in that necessity
alone which would compel us to retain them as
territories; and that has wholly passed and gone
by in these now under consideration.
I offer you another reason. 1 deal in no decla-
mation. I am attempting to put this question on
its true, important, fundamental principle. I do
not depart from it. The bill which 1 propose dif-
fers from that of the very distinguished—and, I
take this occasion to say, the very patriotic and
determined—Senator in the other end of this Capi-
tol, m this: it proposes to embrace ail the territory
ceded by Mexico to the United States. And why?
Why is the word " all" inserted in the bill ? This
is the view which I take of this subject: In the
joint resolutions for the annexation of Texas to
the United States, among other conditions, it was
stipulated that "said State was to be formed sub-
ject to the adjustment by this Government of all
4 questions of boundary that may arise with other
'Governments." By this provision, the power
was delegated by the State of Texas to the Gov-
ernment of the United States to settle and adjust
her boundary with Mexico, which at that time
was an open/and undecided question. The United
States assumed the trust and duty of adjusting that
question with foreign nations. The right was a
right uncjer the resolutions of annexation, to settle
il for her. Texas and the United States both looked
to its adjustment by treaty with Mexico. Both
looked to its adjustment by negotiation with Mexi-
co. The President and Senate, as the treaty-making
power, was that to which it was submitted and
through which it was to be effected. They have
not fulfilled the trust; they have not " adjusted all
questions of boundary which arose with otherGov-
ernments." They are now unable to do so. The
agent has, without discharging liis functions or
duty, appropriated to himself all the trust sub-
ject—all the lands in controversy, and others be-
side. It is all mingled and blended under one
grant. There is no line of division. What were
the rights of Texas, or what were the undis-
puted lands of Mexico ceded to the United States,
have not been settled by negotiation, have not
been adjusted between this Government and other
Governments. There is no line of division; there
is no line of separation. And the question now
is, who is to decide? The trustee? He who
claims it for himself, when he was commissioned
and intrusted to settle it for another? He who was
sent abroad to adjust the title with another, ac-
quires the other's title and sets that up for him-
self against his principal and in violation of his
trust. He who was sent abroad to treat for an*
other, comes back wtfh the treaty, conveying ail
to himself. He who assumed as guardian and
defender, to protect and maintain the rights of his
ward, and the cause of the feeble, comes back in
his power and demands the whole. Nay, more,
sir; comes back and assumes that it is not only
his, but that he is the sole and supreme judge of
the question? Did Congress declare, or do the
joint resolutions declare, that m the failure to
adjust the question of boundary with Mexico,
they thereby appropriated the territory in con-
troversy to themselves and became the masters
of the subject? Oh no, sir! We are, all of us,
too good lawyers to maintain such a proposi-
tion. We are too just, as men, to insist on such
terms. Who, then, is to settle this question as
to the boundary of Telxas? Shall Congress do
it? Certainly not; she is a party to the contro-
versy. The question is one between her and
Texas^and she cannot decide in her own case. I
repeat the interrogatory: who, then, is to settle the
question? and how is it to be settled? Sir, the bill I
have presented provides a mode and manner of its
settlement, in accordance with the Constitution and
in accordance with the wishes and rights of all.
It declaies " tlvat a new State may be created out
4 of and including all that territory ceded to the
' United States by the treaty of peace, friendship,
' limits and settlement made with the Republic of
s Mexico, concluded the 2d February, 1848." It
| does not define, by metes and bounds, the lines of
| division between the new State thus created and
; the State of Texas. It grants all that is ours to
| the new State; and the new State takes it upon
! these terms in her grant. And then the question
arises between Texas and the new State proposed
to be created as to the true boundary between them.
Here, then, are two coterminous States, with a
simple question of boundary existing between
them; California holding all we had to give; Texas
holding all she was entitled to as against Mexico,
when she created us her trustee to adjust it. The
Constitution, on its very face, in express terms,
has provided and declared that " th^judicial power
shall extend to controversies between two or more
States." And thus the whole question is submit-
ted to the judicial tribunals for their decision and
their adjudication.
See how beautifully the system works. Behold
how harmoniously and beautifully and wisely
those who framed it made it to work! These
agitating questions, upon which we have voted
and combatted and declaimed, one party affirming
and the other disaffirming the boundary of the Rio
j Grande, upon which we have gone into War, and
i which have entered into our Presidential contests,
; and engrossed all our party feelings and exertions,
| are all hushed and made silent by this bill; and
the question is taken from this stormy tribunal,
and from the popular agitations of the day, to that
which has been/provided by the Constitution—
into the lower story of the Capitol, where judg-
ment will be pronounced, with all the justice and
ail the equity which do not belong to us, and with
all the acquiescence which does belong to all Amer-
ican communities, under the solemn decisions of
her supreme judicial tribunals. This furnishes
another reason why I have presented and now ur^e
this bill.
1 will now proceed a moment with the details of
this bill. Gentlemen honor me most signally with
their attention. I suppose it proceeds from noth-
ing but the mere fact of my appearing so seldom
before you. Let us look for one moment into the
| provisions of the bill. It consents to the creation
I of a State by the people of California and New
Mexico, to take effect hereafter, on a day fixed in
| the bill. I am not going into theconstitutional ques-
i tion. I have prepared, and have before me, a con-
! stitutional argument on that subject. I have not
i time, under the one-hour rule, to present it now.
j When the bill is brought forward, if the proviso
j is offered, 1 shall attempt to show that the ques-
: tion of the right of prescribing the Wilmot proviso
is a very difteient one when applicable to a State,
in the creation of a government and constitution
for herself, from the question when applicable to
a territorial government, such as is provided by
the bills now on your table, in which that proviso
is inserted.
I will merely state the points on which I rest
the question. I have not time to elucidate them
by argument* If the hill 1 advocate should find
| favor with the House; if the Territorial bills should
j be superseded; if investigation and exammatroiS
| shall induce gentlemen to come- to the conclusion*
I that the condition of our country, both here and
j in California, requires that a State government
; should be created for the Territories—that the peo-
i pie there are entitled to such form of government
: —gentlemen of the North may insist on inserting
{ this anti-slavery provision into this bill, as the
I condition on which the Territories will be per-
} mitted to create a State government.
j The ctause of the Constitution which guaranties
! to every State a republican form of government,
| does not authorize Congress to interfere in the
■ formation of a constitution. To say that we have
j the power to pre^pribe, is to declare that the peo-
! pie shall not create a constitution themselves. The
j very fact that you prescribe terms in its formation
1 takes from it all its virtues—alt'its power—and
subverts every principle on which-its rests.
But again: The idea that there is a right in this
Government to control a State in the formation of
any clause of its constitution, assumes the power
that you have a right to alter, to amend, or to
change that^constitution. I will not enlarge on
this proposition. I merely announce it.
But again: The idea that this guarantee subjects
the constitution of a State to the action of Con-
gress, is m precise subversion and opposition to
the principle on which it was made. That was a
guarantee to each State against all the States. It
was a guarantee that the State which had a repub*
ij lican form of government should not, by coming
! into this Union, be under the control of other States
to abrogate or alter the constitution which they
themselves have formed.
My fourth point is, that this clause of the Con-
stitution is not that Congress shall have the right
to enforce this guarantee. The'clause does not
confer a power upon Congress. It simply imposes
a duty.upon the States to make good the rights
and republican forms of government created by
the people of the States for themselves.
But there is another position: Those who made
this-Constitution did no work of supererogation
or folly. The guarantee operates upon the State
; when admitted, and requires you to preserve a
| republican form of government, and that is the
l whole extent of the guarantee. I stated that the
j framcrs of the Constitution did no work of super-
i erogation. They guarantied toVirginia a republican
i form of government. Suppose that her constitution
, was such as at this day, according to our ideas, was
j bad in its character, and opposed to your views and
( opinions, have you the power to cite us here to try
; our constitution, and see whether it suits you of
"the North, oc you of the West? Why, the power
is one which was intended for substantial pur-
poses—for real purposes of self-government. Sup-
pose a State was admitted with a constitution
prohibiting slavery, and the ne'xt day she turned
round and repealed the provision: where is the
poweV on earth to alter it?
| Will you, gentlemen of the South, vote against
I the passage of this bill? Do you come forward
j and say, we will have a territorial govertfment
I nolens volens—that slavery shall go there, or this
! Union shall be severed? Will gentlemen from the
j North say that this Government shall be dissolved
if ygu take it there? Will neither party agree to
surrender this territorial power? Do you say that
,, we do not call for a rally of our friends merely m
|j legislative halls; but you call for that rally which
!' presents itself (< m battle's magnificently stern
!; array?" Do you call me to that array? Do you
ji ask me to stand there, and stand thereby my vote
I' and by my own will resist this great principle of
I' constitutional liberty and popular supremacy in
\ the State governments? If you do, I will not
j stand with you. The people will not stand with
! you. Justice is not with you. You war against
! the fundamental principles upon whieh our Gov-
! ernment rests; upon which our institutions in the
i. South can alone repose in safety.
;j Again: Gentlemen of the North, will you insist
i! that the Wilmot proviso shall pass nolens volens?
■' Why, your orators demonstrate day after day that
i; there can be no slavery there. A gentleman the
\ \ other day demonstrated to his satisfaction that the
: people who were there when we took the country
j do not desire the institution, and he demonstrated
j fuither, that those who are going there do not
i desire it. He showed to you—and it may be true,
ij I make the passing remark—that in this effort, tkU
