484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 8,
committed, and the bill and report ordered to be j
printed. . t
Mr. WICK, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Charles
McLane, of Missouri," accompanied by a report in
writing; which bill was read twice.
Ordered, Tbat the said bill &e engrossed and read a third
time to-day.
And being engrossed, was accordingly read a
third time and "passed, and sent to the Senate for
concurrence.
Mr. TOMPKINS, from the same committee,
reported a joint resolution for the relief of John
B. Nevitt, of Adams county, Mississippi, accom-
panied by a report in writing; which joint resolu-
tion was read twice, and ordered to be engrossed
andread a third time to-day.
And being engrossed, was accordingly read a
third time and passed, and sent to the Senate for
concurrence.
On motion of Mr. GAYLE,
Ordered, That the Cominiil.ee on Private Lsnd Claims lie
discharged fiom the consideration of [lie [lelilnm of William
G. Ross, a&d that it be referred to the Co-minittee on Public
Lands.
Mr. G., from the same committee, made an ad-
verse report upon the petition of John T. Faris;
which was laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
On motion of Mr. HOLMES, of South Caro-
lina, by leave,
Ordered, That the heiri of Guetano Carosi have leave tn
withdraw from the files ot the House tile petition and papers
of said Carusi.
Mr. GAYLE, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred the amend-
ments of the Senate to House bill entitled 41 An act
for the relief of Sarah P. Caldwell, wife of James
H. Brigham," reported the same back without i
amendment.
The said amendments were then read and agreed
to, and the Clerk ordered to acquaint the Senate
therewith.
Mr. G., from the same committee, to whom was
referred the bill from the Senate entitled "An act
to relinquish the reversionary interest of the Uni-
ted Stales in a certain Indian reservation in the
State of Alabama," reported-the same back to the
House without amendment. The said bill was then
read a third time and passed, and returned to the
Senate.
Mv. BRADY, from the same committee,'to
whom was referred the petition of Thomas B.
Clark, reported a Ijill to provide for the issuing a
land patent to Thomas B. Clark, accompanied by
a report in writing; which bill was read twice and
committed, and the bill and report ordered to be
printed.
Mr. DARLING, from the same committee, to
whom was referred the petition of Richard H.
Bairett, made a report, accompanied by a bill to
authorize the confirmation of the claim of Richard
H. Barrett to a quarter section of land in East
Florida, under the act of the 4th of August, 1842,
to provide for the armed occupation and settlement
of the peninsula of East Florida; which was read
twice and committed, and the bill and report or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. DARLING, from the same committee, to
whom were referred the amendments of the Senate
to the bill of the House entitled "An act for the
relief of JameSjP. Sexton," reported the same
back without amendment.
The said amendments were then read and agreed
to, and the Clerk ordered to acquaint the Senate
therewith.
Mr. RUMSEY, from the same committee, to
whom was referred the bill of the Senate entitled
"An act for the relief of Shadrach Gillett and oth-
ers," reported the same back without amendment,
accompanied by a report in writing.
On motion of Mr. RUMSEY,
Ordered, That the said bill be laid upon the table, and
that the report be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, stated that this
day was set apart for the purpose of calling the
calendar of the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. Since this Congress met in
December last, that calendar had never been called.
He moved that the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, for
that purpose.
He waived the motion for the present, at the
request of Mr. Barringer and others, giving no-
tice that he should soon"renew it.
Mr. BARRINGER, from the Committee on In-
cftan Affairs, made adverse reportsupon the memo-
rial of the half and quarter-breeds of the Sioux In-
dians and Marey Egnew; which were lard uptm
the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BARRINGER, from the same committee,
to whom was referred the bill from the Senate en-
titled act to provide for the sale of lands pur-
chased by the United States from the Saginaw
tribe of Chippewa Indians, m the State of Mich-
igan/'reported the same back without amendment.
Ordered, That the said bill be committed toa Committee
of rlie Whole House on the state of the Union.
Mr. BARRINGER, from the same committee,
to whom was referred the bill from the Senate,
entitled " An act for the relief of Henry D. Garri-
son,''' reported the same back without amend-
ment.
The said bin was committed, and made the order
of the day for to-morrow.
Mr. McILYAINE, from the same committee,
to whom was refeired the bill from the Senate,
entitled " An act for the relief of P. Choteau, jun.,
& Co.," reported the same back without amend-
ment.
The said bill was committed', and made the order
of the day for to-morrow.
Mr. HARALSON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of Giles N. Ellis, made a report thereon,
accompanied by a bill for his relief; whicli bill
was read twice and committed, and made the
order of the day for to morrow; and the bill and
report oidered to be printed.
Mr. HARALSON, from the same committee,
who was instructed to inquire into the condition
of the fund for the relief of sick and disabled sol-
diers, and of using the hospital at New Orleans as
an asylum for the same, made a report thereon;
which was laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BARRINGER presented joint resolutions
of the Legislature of North Carolina, concerning
the improvement of the Indian tribes; which reso-
lutions were laid upon the table,and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BOTTS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the joint resolution
from the Senate, entitled "A resolution for the
relief of Major R. L. Baker, of the Ordnance
Corps*," reported the same back to the House,
without amendment.
Ordered, That the said resolution be committed to the
Committee of the Whole House.
On motion of Mr. BOTTS,
Ordered, That the Committee on Militniy Affairs be dis-
charged from the fuiiher consideration ot the petition of
Passed Assistant Surgeon Riehaid MeSherry, of ihe United
States Navy, and that it be relened to the Committee on
Naval Afians.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, who were instructed by a resolution of the
House of the 15th ultimo " to inquire into the ex-
pediency of loaning to the Norwich University in
Vermont, the use of two field-pieces," &c., made
an adverse report thereon; which was laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON, from the same committee, to
whom was referred the petition of Marvin W.
Fisher, reported a bill for his relief, accompanied
by a report in writing; which was read twice and
committed, and, with the report, ordeied to be
printed.
Mr. BURT, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill from the Senate entitled " An
act to grant to the State of Wisconsin the military
reservation at Fort Winnebago," reported the
same back to the House without amendment.
On motion of Mr. BURT,
Ordered, That the said bili be laid upon the table.
Mr. DARLING moved the reconsideration of
the vote by which the said bill was laid on the
table; which motion was postponed for the pres-
ent.
On motion of Mr. BURT,
Ordered, That the Committee on Military Affairs be dis-
charged from the f'mther consideration of the pctmon of.
A. G. Blanchard, C. S. Hunt, Theodore Lewis, and others; j
of the petition ot Joseph U. Linn ; of the petition of Michael
D. Ferrate; tyid of the petition of P. P. Frame, and tbat
they severally be laid upon thetabie.
Mr. BURT, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill of the
House giving to the cTerks and paymasters in the
army mileage for travel performed in the discharge
of their official duties during the late war with
Mexico, reported the same back to the House
without amendment.
On motion of Mr. BURT,
Ordered, That the sard biH be lakt upon the fabFe.
Mr. FISHER,from the Committee on Military
Affairs, made an adverse report upon the petition
of Augustus Moore; which report was laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
killing an indian boy.
Mr. BOTTS rose and asked that, by general
consent, the Committee of the Whole should b®
discharged from the consideration of the bill from
the Senate entitled "An act to authorize the Sec-
retary of War to make reparation for the killing-
■of a Caddo boy, by volunteer troops in Texas;"
and that the bill might be put upon its passage.
He would briefly explain its object. He was
very imperfectly heard by the reporter, but was
understood to say, that the bill made an appropria-
tion of $500 to the Caddo Indian tribe, as compen-
sation for a boy, one of their tribe, who, without
the slightest provocation, was wantonly and cruelly
killed by the Texan volunteers. The law of re-
taliation with savage tribes was Wood for blood;
and that law this tribe would have put into execu-
tion, but for the energy and extraordinary exer-
tion of the agent of the United States in that ter-
ritory, by whom they were induced to consent to
receive the sum of five hundred dolfars as repara-
tion. It was a solemn contract between the Gov-
ernment and the tribe. The appropriation was
recommended by the War Depai tment. The bill
had been passed by the Senate, and its passage
had been recommended by the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs of this House. The sum was to have
been paid within three months-; that time had
elapsed; and there was danger every hour that the
tribe would break out into hostilities against the
people on our borders. The contract was  mda
with the Indian agent.
No objection having been made, the bill was
taken up, considered, and, without debate or di-
vision, read a third time and passed.
pursers' expenditures.
Mr. STANTON, from the Committee on NavaS
Affairs, reported a joint resolution for the relief of
pursers in the navy, as to expenditures made in
pursuance of orders during the war with Mexico.
The resolution having been read twice—■
Mr. STANTON asked that it be put upon its
passage. He presumed that there would be no
objection to it.
He explained briefly the nature of the expendi-
tures referred to in the resolution. There was,
he said, 110 law tinder which these expenditures
could be allowed at the Treasury Department, and
this resolution simply authorized the officers to set-
tle their accounts.
No objection having been made, the resolution
was read a thh-d time and passed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, renewed the mo-
tion heretofore made that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. He had, he said, been requested by many
members to make this motion. He hoped it might
prevail. There were many members of the House
interested in it.
The question was taken, and the motion was
rejected.
SCHOOL LANDS IN IOWA.
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Territories, to whom was referred the bill from
the Senate entitled "An act declaratory of the act
for the admission of the State of Iowa into the
Union," reported the same back to the House,
with an amendment, viz: Strike out the word
" forty," in the last line, and insert, in lieu thereof,
"three hundred and twenty;" so that it would
read, "said land to be selected in legal subdivis-
ions of not less than 320 acres."
Mr. LEFFLER proceeded briefly to oppose the
amendmenf, when
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, interposed,
and moved that the House proceed to the consider-
ation of business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. HARALSON rose to a question of order.
He desired to know how the gentleman from Con-
necticut [Mr. Rockwell] could make his motion,
whilst the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Leffler}
was on the floor?
