1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'485
The SPEAKER said, that after one hour de-
voted to the reception of reports from committees,
■such a motion was in order.
Mr. HARALSON did not understand how the
gentleman could get the floor to make*it.
The SPEAKER said, the question was on pro-
ceeding to the consideration of business on the
Speaker's table.
Mr. WENTWORTH rose to a question of
order. He understood that the gentleman from
Iowa [Mi'.JLeffler] had been recognized by the
Chair—that he was on the floor—that he was ad-
dressing the House—and that in the middle of a
sentence the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. i
Rockwell] had risen and moved that the House '
proceed to the orders of the day.
The SPEAKER said, that under the rules of
the House, the Chair had always entertained such j
a motion after one hour had been devoted to re-
ports. If the motion was not entertained, the effect
■would be that the rules of the House would be
superseded, and that two hours, or more, would
be devoted to reports of committees, instead of one.
"When the hour expired, whoever was upon the
floor, the motion to proceed to the consideration of
business on the Speaker's table was in order.
Mr. WENTWORTH desired to know how one
gentleman qould take the floor from another?
The SPEAKER. Precisely as under the rules
of the House, a gentleman who has spoken one
hour may be stopped in his remarks.
The question "Will the House proceed to the
consideration of business on the Speaker's table?"
was taken, and deckled in the negative.
. So the motion was rejected.
Mr. LEFFLER then' made a fewremarksin op-
position to theamendmentreported by theCommit-
tee on Territories. He also stated the importance
of the hill to Iowa, and asked that it might be
finally disposed of to-day.
Mr. SMITH briefly explained, and vindicated
the amendment; and moved the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Iowa, asked him to with-
draw the motion.
Mr. SMITH declined to withdraw.
The question was then taken on the demand for
the previous question, but there was not a second.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Iowa, said: This is a bill
of yast importance to the State of Iowa, and I sin-
cerely hope the House will consider it at the pres-
ent time, and pass it without the proposed amend-
ment.
The question of diverting these lands from the
construction of internal improvements, as origin-
ally contemplated, to the more desirable object of
popular education, was thoroughly canvassed pre-
viously to the passage of the act admitting the
State of Iowa into the Union; and it was then un-
derstood that further legislation was unnecessary
in order to pass these lands to the State for the
purposes contemplated by the constitution of that
State.. The State so understood it, and immedi-
ately took measures to appropriate the lands ac-
cordingly. With the consent and cooperation of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office, the
State proceeded to sell many of these lands; but
before the proceeds were diverted in accordance
"with the constitution of the State and the intention
of Congress, the Comptroller interposed his nega-
tive, on the ground that, from the act itself, the
intention of Congress did not sufficiently appear.
This rendered everything which had been done
by the State virtually nugatory, at the same time
that it arrested all further action. To obviate this
difficulty mainly, this bill had its origin in the
other end of the Capitol; and so far, must commend
itself to the early and favorable consideration of
every member of this House.
But, by the original act, the State was prohib-
ited from selecting these lands in smaller quantities
than legal subdivisions of three hundred and twenty
seres. "This was found to beembarrassing; and find-
ingaprecedent in one of the southern States created
by act of August 11, 1848, a provision was incor-
porated into the bill, allowing the selections to be
made in legal subdivisions of not less than forty
acres.
The committee have reported the bill back to the
House, with a proposition to amend it by striking
out this provision; and out of this proposition has
frown the only impediment to the passage of the
ll '
The gentleman on the other side of the House
who reported this bill, is opposed to its passage
without amendment, on the ground that the pro-
vision he'proposes to strike out is unprecedented,
unnecessary, and unjust to the other States that
have received similar donations. I am fprced to
differ with the gentleman on all these points. I am
far from conceding that this provision is without
precedent, as it is in my recollection that this pro-
vision was extended to one of the southern States
—I think Florida—but a year ago. I may be mis-
taken in the State, as the law is not before me; but
I appeal to the gentleman from Florida, whether
this provision has not been extended to his State ?
I am confident, from high authority, that this pro-
vision has been extended to one of the southern
States—either Florida or Alabama—perhaps the
latter.
Mr. COLLAMER here obtained permission,
and stated that no such provision had keen made
in favor of any State in the Union.
Mr. THOMPSON. I maintain that I cannot
be mistaken. But all will admit that this donation
has been diverted, by our constitution and the act
admitting us into the Union, to a most benevolent,
patriotic, and praiseworthy object. Then why will
not gentlemen permit it to be selected in such a
manner as to best subserve that object? Why will
they not accord to the State in this philanthropic
enterprise, the privilege granted to individuals ?
You permit persons who purchase from the Gen-
eral Government to select in smaller subdivisions;
. then, why change the rule in this case? Our Slate
is peculiarly situated—consisting of prairie land
and timber—the former occupying much the larger
portion. In order to render these lands valuable
or even saleable, their selections must be made
in such a manner as to accommodate the prairijs
intended for cultivalion with enough timber for
fuel and fencing. Forty acres of timber will fre-
quently supply a whole section of prairie; hence,
by forefng the State to select in large tracts, you
will greatly deteriorate the value of the lands
selected.
Surely, the Government did not intend it to be
understood, that in making this donation to be
applied to such a desirable object, the disposition
was less beneficial and laudable than any other it
has ever mad?; yet gentlemen appear to act as if
this were the case: else why this restriction ? If
her liberality has heretofore been cramped, she
may have had the excuse that she was not asked;
that she was not importuned; but now she is
robbed of this excuse, is it right, is it generous to
say we have no precedent for it?
By granting this provision, you commit no ill-
justice to other States. Other States may have no
need for it; and should they have, they can still
ask, and the Government ought, in my humble
judgment, to concede it. It is never too late to
commence to do right, and having commenced, its
continuance is truly commendable.
I earnestly hope the House will reject the amend-
ment, and pass the bill as it came from the Senate.
After a brief explanation by Mr. COLLA-
MER—
Mr. VINTON, expressing a hope that the
amendment would be adopted, demanded the pre-
vious question.
There was a second. And the main question
(being first on the adoption of the amendment)
was taken; and by ayes 77, noes58, it was agreed
to.
The bill was then read a third time, and passed.
TERRITORY OF MINESOTA.
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Territories, to whom was leferred the bill from
the Senate entitled "An act to establish the Terri-
torial Government of Minesota," reported the
same back to the House, with an amendment.
Mr. SMITH said, that the Committee on Ter-
ritories, desirous of early action on this bill, had
instructed liim to report ail amendment to strike
out the appropriation, in order to obviate the ne-
cessi ty of a reference to the Committe of the Whole
on the state of the Union. The bill contained
nothing with which the House was not familiar.
It was drawn in accordance with the other Terri-
torial bills. The bill itself had been printed. He
hoped the House would consent to put it now
upon its passage.
He was proceeding to recapitulate the provis-
ions of the several amendments reported from the
Committee on Territories, when—
The SPEAKER interposed, and inquired of the
gentleman from Indiana if the bill contained an
appropriation ?
Mr. SMITH replied that the committee had
stricken out the appropriation.
The SPEAKER said he was of opinion, if the
bill contained an appropriation as it came from the
Senate, that the mere recommendation of the Com-
mittee on Territories to strike it out would not take
the bill out of the rule which required bills pro-
posing to appropriate money to go to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union. The
question before the House would be, whether the
appropriatfon should be made or not.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Massachusetts, in behalf
of the minority of the Committee on Territories,
also reported an amendment.
The SPEAKER stated that the bill would go to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, under the rule; and the bill and amend-
ments were accordingly referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. McLANE inquired if it would be in order
to move to make the bill a. special order for the
same day as that for which the bill relative to Cal-
il ifornia had been made a special order?
The SPEAKER replied that the motion was not
i j in order, except by general consent.
|| Mr. PETT1T. What is the condition of the
!! bill? Is it referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. Only by the rule of the House.
The rule requires that the bill shall receive its first
consideration in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
CALENDAR OF COMMITTEE.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas,
the House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Cobb, of
Georgia, in the chair,) to execute the order which
requires the calendar of the committee to be called
over, that such bills may be acted on as are not
objected to.
Numerous bills were called and objected to; and
the committee, after remaining in session some
time, rose and reported the following bill without
an amendment, viz:
A bill for the settlement of the claims of New
Hampshire against the United States.
Subsequently, the said bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time, and being en-
grossed, was accordingly read the third time and
passed, and sent to the Senate for concurrence.
The committee also reported the following bills*
with a recommendation that they do not pa^s, viz:
A bill making an appropriation for the dry-dock
in the harbor of New York;
A bill to amend an act entitled "An act to raise,
for a limited time, an additional military force, and
for other purposes," approved February 11, 1847-
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the said bills; when,
On motion of Mr. COBB, of Georgia, they were
laid on the table.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, called for the
reading of the message which had been received
from the President of the United States.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman might attain
his object by moving that the House proceed to
the consideration of business on the Speaker's
table.
Mr. HOUSTON made that motion.
The SPEAKER stated the question.
Mr. HOUSTON inquired what preceded the
message m the order of business on the Speaker's
table.
The SPEAKER said, Nothing in the world. The
President's messages were always first in order on
the Speaker's table.
THE TREATY WITH MEXICO.
The question was then put on the motion of
Mr. Houston, of Alabama, that the House pro-
ceed to the consideration of business on the Speak-
er's table.
And the motion having been agreed to—
The SPEAKER laid "before the House the fol-
lowing message, m writing, from the President of
the United States:
To the House of Representatives of the United Slates:
In reply to the resolutions of the House ot Rep-
resentatives of the fifth instant, I communicate
herewith a report from the Secretary of Stele, ac-
