480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 8,
eompanied with aft the documents and correspond-
ence relating to the treaty of peace concluded be-
tween- the United States and Mexico at Guadalupe
Hidalgo, cm the second of February, 1848, and to
the amendments of the Senate thereto, as requested
by the House in the said resolutions.
Amongst the documents transmitted will be
found a copy of the instructions given to the com-
missioners of the United States-who took to Mex-
ico the treaty as amended by the Senate, and rati-
fied by the President of the United States. In my
'message to the House of Representatives of the
"twenty-ninth of July, 1048,1 gave as my reason
for declining to furnish these instructions, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the Bouse,.that "in
nvy^opinion it would be inconsistent with the pub-
■fic interests to give publicity to them at the present
time." Although it may still be doubted, whether
giving them publicity in our own country, and,as
a necessary consequence, in Mexico, may not have
a prejudicial influence on our public interests, yet,
as they Have been again called for by the House,
and called for in connection with other docu-ments,
to the correct understanding of which they are in-
dispensable, I have deemed it my duty to transmit
them.
I still'entertain the opinion, expressed in the
message referred to, "that, as a general rule, appti-
* cable to all cfur important negotiations with foreign
* Powers, it could not fail to be prejudicial to the
- * public interests to publish the instructions to our
* ministers, until some time had elapsed after the
* conclusion of such negotiations."
In these instructions of the 18th of March, 18-18,
it will be perceived "that the task was assigned
* to the commissioners of the United States of con-
4 summating the treaty of peace, which was signed
4 at Gaudalupe Hidalgo, on the second day of
* February last, between the United States and
' the Mexican Republic; and which, on the tenth
4 of March last, was ratified by the Senate, with
4 amendments."
They were informed 4.4 that this brief statement
4 will indicate to yon clearly the line of your duty.
4 You are not sent to Mexico for the purpose of
4 negotiating any new treaty, or of changingin any
4 particular the ratified treaty which you will bear
■* with you. None of the amendments adopted by
4 the Senate can be rejected or modified, except by
4 the authority of that body. Your whole duty
4 will, then, consist in using every honorable effort
4 to obtain from the Mexican Government a ratifi-
6 cation of the treaty in the form in which it has
* been ratified'by the Senate, and this with the least
4 practicable delay." 44 For this purpose, it may,
4 and most probably will, become necessary that
4 you should explain to the Mexican Minister for
4 Foreign Affairs, or to the authorized agents of
4 the Mexican Government, the reasons which
4 have influenced the Senate in adopting these sev-
4 eral amendments to the treaty. This duty you
4 will perform, as much as possible, by personal
4 conferences. Diplomatic notes are to be avoided,
4 unless in case of necessity. These might lead to
4 endless discussions and indefinite deiay. Besides,
4 they could not'have any practical result, as your
4 mission is confined to procuring a ratification from
4 the Mexican Government of the tieaty as it came
rfrom the Senate, and does not extend to the
4 slightest modification in any of its provisions."
The commissioners were sent to Mexico to pro-
cure the ratification of the treaty as amended by the
Senate. Their instructions confined them to this
point. It was proper that the amendments to the
treaty adopted by the United States should be ex-
plained to the Mexican Government, and expla-
nations were made by the Secretary of State, m
his letter of the 18th of March, 3848, to the Mex-
ican Minister of Foreign Affairs, under my direc-
tion. This despatch was communicated to Con-
gress with my message of the 6th of July last,
communicating the treaty of peace, and published
by their order. This despatch was transmitted by
our commissioners from the city of Mexico to the
Mexican Government, then at Glueretaro, on the
17th of April, 1848, and its receipt acknowledged
on the 19th of the same month. During the whole
time that the treaty, as amended, was before the
Congress 6f Mexico, these explanations of the
Secretary of State, and these alone, were before
them.
* The President of Mexico, on these explana-
tions, on the 8th day of May, 1848, submitted the
amended treaty to the Mexican Congress, and on
the 25th of May that Congress approved the treaty
as amended without modification or alteration. The
final action of the Mexican Congress .had taken
place before thecommissionprs of the United States
had been officially received oy the Mexican author-
ities, oy held any conference with them, or had
any other communication on the subject of the
treaty, except to transmit the letter of the Secretary
of State.
In their despatch transmitted to Congress with
my message of the 6th of July last, communica-
ting the treaty of peace, dated 44 City of Gluere-
taro, May 25, 1848, nine o'clock, p. m." the com-
missioners say: " We have the satisfaction to
4 inform you that we reached this city this after-
4 noon at about five o'clock, and that the treaty, as
4 amended by the Senate of the United States,
4 passed the Mexican Senate about the hour of our
4 arrival by a vote of 33 to 5- It having previously
4 passed the House of Deputies, nothing now re-
' mains but to exchange the ratifications of the
(treaty.7'
On the next day, (the 26th of May.) the com-
missioners were for the first time presented to the
President of the Repuhlie, and their credentials
placed in his hands. On this occasion the com-
missioners delivered an address to the President
of Mexico, and he replied. In their despatch of
the 30th of May, the commissioners say: 44 We
4 enclose a copy of our address to the President,
4 and also a copy of his reply. Several conferences
* afterwards took place between Messrs. Rosa,
4 Cuevas, Couto, and oursehes, which it is not-
4 thought necessary to recapitulate, as we enclose
4 a copy of the protocol, which contains the sub-
stance of the conversations. We have now the
4 satisfaction to announce that the exchange of j
4 ratifications was effected to-day.15 This despatch I
was communicated with my message of the 6th of:
July last, and published by older of Congress. j
The treaty, as amended by the Senate of the 1
United States, with the accompanying papers, and
the evidence that in that form it had been ratified
by Mexico, was received at Washington on the 4th
day of July, 1848, and immediately proclaimed as
the supreme law of the land. On the 6th of July I
communicated to Congress the ratified treaty, with
such accompanyingdocumentsns were deemed ma-
terial to a full understanding of the subject, to the
end that Congress might adopt the legislation
necessary and proper to carry the treaty into effect.
Neither the address of the Commissioners, nor the
reply of the President, of Mexico on the occasion
of their presentation, nor the memorandum of con-
versations embraced in a paper called the Protocol,
nor the correspondence now sent, were communi-
cated, because they were not regarded as in any
way material; and in this I conformed to the prac-
tice of our Government. It rarely, ifever, happens
that all the correspondence, and especially the
instructions to our ministers, is communicated.
Copies of these papers are now transmitted as
being within the resolutions of the House, calling
for all such 44 correspondence as appertains to said
treaty."
When these papers were received at Washing-
ton, peace had been restored, the first instalment of
three millions paid to Mexico, the blockades were
raised, the city of Mexico evacuated, and our
troops on their return home. The war was at an
end, and the treaty as ratified by the United States
was binding on both parties, and already executed
in a great degree. In this condition of things, it
was not competent for the President alone, or for
the President and Senate, or for the President,
Senate, and House of Representatives combined,
to abrogate the treaty, to annul^ the peace, and
restore a state of war, except by a solemn decla-
ration of war.
Had the protocol varied the treaty as amended
by the Senate of the United States, it would have
had no binding effect.
It was obvious that the commissioners of the
United States did not regard the protocol as in any
degree a part of the treaty, nor as modifying or
altering the treaty as amended by the Senate.
They communicated it as the substance of conver-
sations held after the Mexican Congress had rati-
fied the treaty, and they knew that the approval of '
the Mexican Congress was as essential to the va- |
lidity of a treaty in all its parts, as the advice and j
consent of the Senate of the United States. They |
knew, too, that they had no authority to alter or |
modify the treaty in the form in which it had been I
ratified by the United States, but that if failing to
procure the ratification of the Mexican Govern-
ment, otherwise than with amendments, their duty,
imposed by express instructions, was to ask of
Mexico to send without delay a commissioner to
Washington to exchange ratifications here, if the
amendments of the treaty proposed by Mexico
on being submitted, should be adopted by the
Senate of the United Slates.
1 was equally well satisfied that the Government
of Mexico had agreed to the treaty as amended by
the Senate of the United States, and did not regard
the protocol as modifying, enlarging, or diminish-
ing its terms or effect.
The President of that Republic, in submitting
the amended treaty to the Mexican Congress, in
his message on the 8th day of May, 3848, said:
44 If the treaty could have been submitted to your
4 deliberation precisely as it came from the hands
4 of the plenipotentiaries, my satisfaction at seeing
4 the war at last brought to an end would not have
4 been lessened, as it this day is, in consequence of
4 the modifications introduced into it by the Senate
4 of the United States, and which have received the
4 sanction of the President.44 At present it is
' sufficient for us to say to you, that if, in the opin-
4 ion of the Government, justice had not been
4 evinced on the part of the Senate and Govern-
ment of the United States, in introducing such
4 modifications, it is presumed, on the other hand,
4 that they are not of such importance that they
4 should set aside the treaty. I believe, on the
4 contrary, that it ought to be ratified upon the same
4 terms in which it has already received the sanc-
4 tion of the American Government. My opinion
4 is also greatly strengthened by the fact that a new
negotiation is neither expected nor considered
4 possible; much less could another be brought
4 forward upon a basis more favorable for the Re-
4 public"
The deliberations of the Mexican Congress,
with no explanation before that body from the
United States except the letter of the Secretary of
State, resulted in the ratification of the treaty as
recommended by the President of that Republic,
m the form in which it had been amended and
ratified by the United States. The conversations
imbodied in the paper called a protocol took place
after the action of the Mexican Congress was
complete; and there is no reason to suppose that
the Government of Mexico ever submitted the
protocol to the Congress, or ever treated it or re-
garded it as in any sense a new negotiation, or
as operating any modification or change of the
amended treaty. If such had been its effect, ll
was a nullity until approved by the Mexican Con-
gress; and such approval was never made or inti-
mated to the U/iited States. In the final consum-
mation of the ratification of the treaty by the Pres-
ident of Mexico, no reference is made to it. On
the contrary, this ratification, which was delivered
to the commissioners of the United States, and is
now in the State Department, contains a full and
explicit recognition of the amendments of tlfe Sen-
ate just as they had been communicated to that
Government by the Secretary of State,, and been
afterwards approved by the Mexican Congress*
It declares, that 44 having seen and examined the'
4 said treaty, and the modifications made by the
4 Senate of the United States of America, and
' having given an account thereof to the genera!
4 Congress, conformably to the requirement in the
4 14th paragraph of the 110th article of the Federal
4 Constitution of these United States, that body
' has thought proper to approve of the said treaty
4 with the modifications thereto, in all their parts;
4 and in consequence thereof, exerting the power
4 granted to me by the Constitution, I'accept, rat-
4 ify, and confirm the said treaty with its modifica-
' tions, and promise, in the name of the Mexican
4 Republic, to fulfill and observe it, and cause it to
4 be fulfilled and observed."
Upon an examination of this protocol, when it
was received with the ratified treaty, I did not
regard it as material, or as in any way attempting
to modify or change the treaty, as it had been
amended by the Senate of the United States.
The first explanation which it contains is," that
4 the American Government, by suppressing the
4 ninth ai tide of the treaty of Guadalupe, and sub-
4 stituting the third article of the treaty ofLouisi-
' ana, did not intend to diminish, in anyway,
4 what was agreed upon by the aforesaid article
1 (ninth) in favor of the inhabitants of the tern-
