1849.
THE-CONGBESSiOHAL GLOfeE.
s tories ceded by Mexico. Its understanding is,
' that all of that agreement is contained in the
' third article of the treaty of Louisiana. In conse-
' quence, all the privileges and guarantees, civil,
' political, and religious, which would have been
• possessed by the inhabitants of the ceded terri-
' tories, if the ninth article of the treaty had been
'retained, will be enjoyed by them without any
' difference under the article which has been sub-
• stituted."
The ninth article of the original treaty stipulated
for the incorporation of the Mexican inhabitants
of the ceded territories, and their admission into
the Union, "as soon as possible, according to the
' principles of the Federal Constitution, to the en-
' joyment of all the rights of citizens of the United
• States." It provided, also, that in the mean time
they should be maintained," in the enjoyment of
' their liberty, their property, and the civil rights
6 now vested in them, according to the Mexican
' laws." It secured to them similar political rights
with the inhabitants of the other Territories of the
United States, and at least equal to the inhabitants
of Louisiana and Florida, when they were in a
territorial condition." Itthen proceeded to guaranty
that ecclesiastics and religious corporations should
be protected in the discharge of the offices of their
ministry, and the enjoyment of their property of
every kind, whether individual or corpotate; and
finally, that there should be a free communication
between the Catholics of the ceded territories and
their ecclesiastical authorities, " even although
e such authorities should reside within the limits
' of the Mexican Republic, as defined by this
• treaty."
* The ninth article of the treaty as adopted by the
Senate is much more comprehensive in its terms,
and explicit in its meaning, and it clearly embraces,
in comparatively few words, all the guarantees
inserted in the original article. It is as follows:
"Mexicans who, in the territories aforesaid, shall
' not preserve the character of citizens of the Mex-
' ican Republic, conformably with what is stipula-
' ted in the preceding article, shall be incorporated
• into the Union of the United States, and be ad-
'mitted, at the proper time, (to be judged of by
' the Congress of the United States,) to the enjoy-
8 ment of all the rights of citizens of the United
' States, according to the principles of the Consti-
' tution, and in the mean time shall be maintained
' and protected in the free enjoyment of their lib-
' erty and property, and secured in the free exer-
' cise of their religion without restriction." This
article, which was substantially copied from the
Louisiana treaty, provides equally with the ori-
ginal article for the admission of these inhabitants
into the Union; and, in the mean time, whilst they
shall remain in a territorial state, by one sweeping
provision declares that they "shall be maintained
'and protected in the free enjoyment of their lib-
' erty and property, and secured in the free exer-
' cise of their religion without restriction."
This guarantee embraces every kind of prop-
erty, whether held by ecclesiastics or laymen,
whether belonging to corporations or individuals.
It secures to these inhabitants the free exercise of
their religion without restriction, whether they
choose to place themselves under the spiritual au-
thority of pastors resident within the Mexican
Republic or the ceded territories. It was, it is pre-
sumed, to place this construction beyond all ques-
tion, that the Senate superadded the words, "with-
out restriction'' to the religious guarantee contained
in the corresponding articleof the Louisiana tieaty.
Congress itself does not possess the power, under
the Constitution, to make any law prohibiting the
free exercise of religion. If the ninth article of the
treaty, whether in its original or amended form,
had been entirely omitted in the treaty, all the
rights and privileges which either of them confers
would have been secured to the inhabitants of the
ceded territories by the Constitution and laws of
the United States.
The protocol asserts that "the American Gov-
' ernment, by suppressing the tenth article of the
' treaty of Gaudalupe, did not, in anyway, intend
' to annul the grants of land made by Mexico in
' the ceded territories;" that " these grants, not-
' withstanding the suppression of the article of
' the treaty, preserve the legal value which they
' may possess; and the grantees may cause their
' legitimate titles to be acknowledged before the
' American tribunals;" and then proceeds to state,
that "conformably to the law of the United States,
' legitimate titles to every description of property,
' personal and real, existing in the ceded t^rrito-
' ries, are those which were legitimate titles under
*• the Mexican law in California and New Mcxico
' up to the thirteenth of May, 1846; and in Texas,
' up to the second of March, 1836." The former
wis the date of the declaration of war against Mex-
ico, and the latter that of the declaration of inde-
pendence by Texas.
The objection to the tenth article'of the original
treaty was, not that it protected legitimate titles
which our lav/s would have equally protected
without it, but that it most unjustly attempted to
resuscitate grants which had become a mere nul-
lity, by allowing the grantees the same period after
the exchange of the ratifications of tne treaty to
which they had been originally entitled after the
date of their grants, for the purpose of performing
the conditions on which they had been made. In
submitting the treaty to the Senate, I had recom-
mended the rejection of this article. That portion
of it in regard to lands in Texas did not receive a
single vote in the Senate. This information was
communicated by the letter of the Secretary of
State to theMinis'ter for Foreign Affairs of Mexico,
and was in possession of the Mexican Govern-
ment during the whole period the tieaty was be-
fore the Mexican Congress, and the article itself
was reprobated in that letter in the strongest terms.
Besides, our commissioners to Mexico had been
instructed that "neither the President nor theSen-
' ate of the United States can ever consent to ratify
' any treaty containing the 10th article of the treaty
' of Guadalupe Hidalgo in favor of grantees of land
'in Texas or elsewhere." And again: " Should
1 the Mexican Government persist in retaining this
* article, then all prospect of immediate peace is
' ended: and of this you may give them an abso-
' lute assurance."
On this point the language of the protocol is free
from ambiguity; but if it were otherwise, is there
any individual, American or Mexican, who would
place such a construction upon it as to convert it
into a vain attempt to levive this article which bad
been so often and so solemnly condemned ? Surely
no person could for one moment suppose that
either the commissioners of the United States, or
the Mexican Minister for Foreign Affairs, ever
entertained the purpose of thus setting at naught
the deliberate decision of the President and Senate,
which had been communicated to the Mexican
Government with the assurance that their aban-
donment of this obnoxious article was essential to
the restoration of peace.
But the meaning of the protocol is plain. It is
simply that the nullification of this article was not
intended to destroy valid legitimate titles to land
which existed and were in full force independently
of the provisions and without the aid of this ar-
ticle. Notwithstanding it has been expunged from
the treaty, these grants were to "preserve the
legal value which they may possess." The refu-
sal to revive grants which had become extinct was
not to invalidate those which.were in full force and
vi"or. That such was the clear understanding of
the Senate of the United States, and this in perfect
accordance with the protocol, is manifest from the
fact, that whilst they struck from the treaty this
unjust article, they at the same time sanctioned and
ratified the last paragraph of the eighth article of
the treaty, which declares that, "In the said ter-
' ritories property of every kind, now belonging to
' Mexicans not established there, shall be mviola-
' bly respected. The present owners, the heirs of
' these, and ail Mexicans who may hereafter ac-
' quire said property by contract, shall enjoy with
' respect to it guarantees equally ample as if the
1 same belonged to citizens of the United States."
'Without any stipulation in the treaty to this
effect, all such valid titles under the Mexican Gov-
ernment would have been protected under the Con-
stitution and laws of the United States.
The third and last explanation contained in the
protocol is, that " the Government of the United
' States, by suppressing the concluding paragraph
' of article twelfth of the treaty, did not intend to
1 deprive the Mexican Republic of the free and
' unrestrained faculty of ceding, conveying, or
' transferring, at any time, (as it may judge best,)
' the sum of twelve millions of dollars, which the
' same Government of the United States is to de-
' liver in the places designated by the amended
' article."
The concluding paragraph, or rather sentence,
of the original twelfth article thus suppressed by
the Senate, is in the following language: " Certiij-
' cates, in proper form, for the said instalments
' respectively, in such sums as shall be dfeired by
' the Mexican Government,and transferable by it,
' shall be delivered to the said Government by that
' of the United States."
From this bare statement of facts, the meaning of
the protocol is obvious. Although the Senate had
declined to create a Government stock for the
twelve millions of dollars, Ttnd issue transferable
certificates for*the amount, in such sums as tl)e
Mexican Government might desire, yet they could
not have intended thereby to deprive that Govern-
ment of the faculty which every creditor possesses
of transferring for his own benefit the obligation
of his debtor, whatever this may be worth, accord-
ing to his will and pleasure.
It cannot be doubted that the twelfth article of
the treaty, as it now stands, contains a positive
obligation, " in consideration of the extension ac-
quired by the boundaries of the United" States,"
to pay to the Mexican Republic twelve millions
of dollars, in four equal annual instalments of
three millions each. This obligation may be as-
signed by the Mexican Government to any person
whatever; but the assignee, in such case, would
stand in no better condition than that Government.
The amendment of the Senate, prohibiting the
issue of a government transferable stock for the
amount, produces this effect, and no more.
The puitocol contains nothing from which jt
can be inferred that the assignee could rightfully
demand the payment of the money in case the con-
sideration should fail which is stated on the face of
he obligation.
With this view of the whole protocol, and con-
sidering that the explanations which it contained,
were in accordance with the treaty, I did not deem
it necessary to take any action upon the subject.
Had it varied from the terms of the treaty- as
amended by the Senate, although it would even
then have been a nullity-in itself, yet duty might
have required that I should make this fact known
to the Mexican Government. This not being the
case, I treated it in the same manner I would have
done had these explanations been made verbally
by the commissioners to the Mexican Minister for
Foreign Affairs, and communicated in a despatch
to the State Department.
JAMES K. POLK.
Washixctok, Ftirnnry 8, 1849. ^
The message having been read—■
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, said^that he had
no doubt the whole House would desire an oppor-
tunity to look into this message. He would there-
fore move that it be laid on the table and printed.
He would also move that ten thousand extra copies
be printed. And on that motion he demanded the
previous question.
The SPEAKER said that the motion to print
extra copies could only be entertained by general
consent.
Objections were made.
Mr. STANTON inquired if the motion of the
gentleman from Arkansas [Mr. Johnson] was de-
batable?
The SPEAKER said the motion to print the
usual number would be debatable if the previous
question had not been called.
After a brief conversation, the question was
taken on the first branch of the motion, and having
been decided m the affirmative—
The message was laid on the table.
The question then recurred on seconding the
demand for the previous question on the motion to
print the usual number.
There was a second. The main question was
ordered, and having been taken, the usual number
of the message were ordered to be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, moved to recon-
sider the vote, and moved that that motion be laid
on the table.
Mr. HENLEY inquired if the motion to print.
10,000 extra copies was entertained?
The SPEAKER said, that by the rule that mo-
tion must lie over one day.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Johnson, and having been decided in the
affirmative, the motion to reconsider was laid on
the table.
Mr. HENLEY moved a resolution that the mo-
tion to print 10,000 extra copies be referred to the
Committee on Printing.
