488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The SPEAKER said that {he motion might be
referred 65' general consent, otherwise it must,
under the rule, lie over one day.
Objection was made.
Mr. HENLEY inquired if the motion was not
debatable.
The SPEAKER repeated, that the rule of the
House required that the motion to print should lie
over one day.
The SPEAKER then laid before the House the
following Executive communications :
_ I. A letter from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting, in obedience to the act of the 2d March, 1803,
a report of the Ad jutants General, with an abstract
of the returns of the militia of all the States and
Territories, with their arms, accoutrements, and
ammunition, taken from the latest returns that
have been received by that department; which let-
ter and report were laid upon the table, and ordered
to be printed.
II. A letter from the Postmaster General, trans-
mitting, in obedience to the eleventh section of the
act of 26th August, 1842, a list of clerks, and other
persons employed in that department during the
year ending December 31, 1848, with a statement
that their services are necessary in that department,
and that they have been usefully employed during
the year aforesaid; which letter and statement were
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
III. A letter from the Secretary of the Navy,
transmitting, in obedience to theact of June, 1848,
a report of punishments in the naval service for
the years 1846 and 1847; which letter and report
■were laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
IV. A letter from the Clerk of the House of
Representatives, transmitting a statement of the
clerks and other persons employed in his office
during the year 1648; which letter and statement
were laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
Bills from the Senate of the following titles, viz:
An act to grant to the State of Illinois a right of
•way through the public lands of the United States,
and for other purposes;
An act to define the period of disability imposed
upon ceiiain bidders for mail contracts;
An act for the benefit of William R. Campbell,
George Myers, and John Kincart;
An act to establish an additional distriofcourt
of the United States in the State of Texas; were
severally read a first and second time, and appro-
priately referred.
CONGRESSIONAL PRINTING.
The joint resolution from the Senate, entitled
" A resolution for extending the time for receiving
proposals for the printing of Congress," was read
a first and second time.
Mr. HENLEY stated that a contract for the
public printing had been made, but at prices noto-
riously so'low, that 110 bond would be given.
The SPEAKER said he would state—as under
the parliamentary law lie was authorized, being
one of the officers concerned—that no contract had
been entered into. The proposals had been opened,
but no decision had yet been made in regard to
them.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, moved that the said
resolution be laid upon the table; and the question
being put, it was decided in the affirmative—yeas
90, nays 86—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayly, Beale, Bingham, Cocock, BowJin,
Boyd, Biid<?es, Aheit G. tfrown, Burt, Cathcart, Chase,
Clfipp, Beverly L. Clarke. Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W.
Cobb. Congei, Darnel, Darling Dickey, Einbree, Faran,
Fickhn, Frtcb, Giddmgs, Goggui, Cott, Green, Greeley, W.
F. Hall, Harmanson, Hill, Geo. S. Houston, Inee, Andiew
J Lt I ... U „ V> Ttr ▼ I « ' ~ J 
, . . wt, Strohm.
James J hnuijwH), U iiliam Thompson, Thurston, Turner,
Venable, Wallace, Wentivorth, Wick, Wiley, Williams, and
Woodward—L'(>.
3S AYS—,vf ,5>&is. Abbotf, A^htnun. TJarr;iiger, Barrow, Be J-
eher, Bluekiudr, Bo:w, Loydcii, B'rndy. Broahead, W. G.
ton,, Mose* IJ<miptou, H-inn, Ilenlev, Henry, Hilliard, fsaac
Howies, John W Houston, Hubbard, Hudson-, Hunt,
K?„ep'n t,.li;urV.'ll''foh" w- Jr,nt*s-- Kellng , Thos. Butler
i, uaim.1 F. IvHia, William T. Lawrence, Letfier, LeVin,
>rs/l tfnUr.,,  
MacUy
PminoV Mwviw, Morehead, Nci:>on, Pendleton!
i Oiiocu, 1 leMon, Putnam, Julius Kockwell, John A. Rock-
Feb. 9,
well, Rumsey, St. John, Slingeiland, Caleb B. Smith, Tru-
man Smith, Stanton, Stephens, Andrew Stewart, Strong,
Tayloy, Tlnbodeaux, Tompkins, Toombs, Van Dyke, Vin-
ton, Warren, and While—84.
Mr. STANTON moved to reconsider the vote
.by which the President's message, received to-day,
was laid on the table.
His object in making this motion, he said, was
not to discuss the subject at this time. But he
presumed gentlemen.who had thrown doton the
gauntlet so broadly the other day were not disposed
to escape from the discussion. If the motion to
reconsider were not made to-day or to-morrow, the
time would pass away when the reconsideration
could be moved. He made the motion to recon-
sider with the expectation that it would pass over.
The SPEAKER interposed, and stated that the
motion was not debatable.
Mr. STANTON. I am aware of that. But it
will be after it is reconsidered.
Mr. ASHMUN. I wish to inquire if it was not
on the motion of a gentleman on that side of the
House, that it was laid on the table, and discus-
sion cut off?
Mr. STANTON. Very true; but not with that
object, as I understand from the gentleman who
made the motion. It was with the expectation
that it might be brought up by general consent.
Some conversation arose as to the state of the
question; in the course of which—
Mr. STEPHENS said, that those who had
thrown down the gauntlet were not disposed to
escape the discussion. They were ready and
anxious to meetit.
The motion to reconsider lay over on the Speak-
er's table.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, moved to reconsider
the vote by.which the resolution from the Senate
relative to the public printing was laid on the table, ;
and moved to lay that motion on the table. j
A motion to adjourn was made and rejected. :
The question then recurred on the motion to lay ,
on the table the motion to reconsider the vote by i
which the said joint resolution had been laid on 1
tfys table; and, having been taken, and decided in
the affirmative, the motion was laid on the table.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, moved that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union; which motion was re-
jected.
On motion of Mr. BOCOCIC,
Resolved, That leave be given to withdraw the papers of
Sarah Teas and Sally Demasters, heretofore presented to
this House, and referred with their respective memorials.
Mr. HALL, of New York, (under the rule,)
gave notice of a motion for leave to introduce bills
of the following titles:
A bill making a donation of public lands to the
several States and Territories, to be by them ap-
propriated to the encouragement and improvement
of such States and Territories;
A hill granting a portion of the public lands to
the States and Territories, for the purposes of in-
ternal improvement.
On motion of Mr. HILLIARD,
The House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
f The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, and referred:
By Mr. PALFitEY: The petition of B. B. Musj-ey and 67
others, citizens of'Mass-aehusclts, praving for the immediate
abolition of slavery and the slave trade in the District of
Columbia.
By Mr. HARALSON: The petition of John P. Warwick,
praying for relief as contractor on the mad route from West
Point, Geoieia, to Wetuinpkee, Alabanta.
By Mr. ROCKWELL, of Massacnuseus: The petition of
Austin Pashavvi and 52 others, of the city of New York, for
revision and modification of the patent laws.
By Mr. WENTWORTH: A petition of citizens of Chi-
cago in favor of prohibiting the sale of public lands, and of
laung them out into lots for public use.
By Mr. STUART, of Michigan: A petition of citizens of
Ionia county, Michigan, praying that a mail route be estab-
lished, commencing at Lyons m said county, and running
thence to North Plains prwt office, thence through the town
of Ronald westerly, to Wheatland, in the township of Or-
leans, in the same coutiiy.
By Mr. McIL VAINE: The petitions of James Fulton and
165 others--, and Robert Faiilamb and 20 others, inhabitants
of Chester county, PennsUvama, piaying for the prohibition
of slaverym the territory "acquired from Mexico, tor the abo-
lition oi slavery m the District of Columbia, and aN other
places over which Congress has exclusive jurisdiction; and
that no State shall hereafter be admitted into the Union un-
less slavery be excluded therefrom*-
By Mr. HENRY: The petition of F. W. Hopkins, and
one hundred and fifteen other citizens of Rutland, Vermont,
asking a reduction in the rate of letter and newspaper post-
age, and the abolition of the franking privilege.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 9, 1849.
Mr. JONES presented the credentials of Augus-
tus C. Dodge, elected a Senator of the United
States from the State of Iowa, for the term of six
years from the 4th of March next; which were read
and laid on the table.
Mr. BENTON presented the credentials of Da-
vid R. Atchison, elected a Senator of the United
States from the State of Missouri, for the term of
six years from the 4th of March next; which were
read and laid on the table.
RESOLUTIONS OF STATE LEGISLATURES.
Mr. STURGEON presented a resolution of the
Legislature of the State of Pennsylvania in favor
of the establishment of the Indians in a permanent
home, and holding out proper inducements to them
to go thither; which'was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BADGER presented resolutions of the Le-
gislature of the State of North Carolina in favor
of procuring a permanent home for the Indian
tribes; which was refeired to the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and ordered tb be printed.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a petition from
citizens of Troy, New York, on the subject of a
railroad from the Mississippi to the Pacific, and in
favor of Dr. Hartwell Carter's project; which was
referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. ATCHISON presented a petition from citi-
zens of the valley of the Mississippi, asking for
the establishment of a safe commercial communi-
cation between the valley of the Mississippi and
California, to be guarded by troops; which was"
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
| Mr. BALDWIN presented a petition from citi-
zens of Derby, Connecticut, praying for a revision
of the patent laws, and greater security to invent-
ors; which was referred to the Committee on Pat-
ents.
Mr. STURGEON presented a petition from
sundry citizens of Clarion county, Pennsylvania,
praying for a change in the tariff laws; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BORLAND presented a petition from 0.
B. Hill, late receiver of public moneys at New
Orleans, asking to be allowed for office rent; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion of Mr. BRIGHT, the petition of the
heirs of Robert Libby was ordered to be taken
from the files of the Senate and referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
FLOGGING IN THE NAVY.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I have received,
and been requested to present to the Senate, the
proceedings of a public meeting of citizens of Syra-
cuse, in the State of New York; also, the proceed-
ings of a public meeting of the citizens of Troy,
New York; also, proceedings and resolutions of
the Mayor and Common Council of the city of Buf-
falo, in the State of New York; also, resolutions
and proceedings of the Mayor and Common Coun-
cil of the city of Rochester, in the State of New
York; and, in addition thereto, a large number of
petitions, numerously signed, from Buffalo, Roch-
ester, Syracuse, and a great many other places
in the State of New York, all praying that Con-
gress would abolish the spirit rations and flogging
in the navy of the United States. 1 ask that they
may be received and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
_ And, in presenting these petitions, I take occa-
sion to say a word or two on the character of them,
and in respect to the history of this matter. It will
be recollected by the Senate—and I wish the chair-1
man of the Committee on Naval Affars to give
me his attention for a moment—that, as long ago
as five years, and how much longer than that I
do not know, for that was the first time I had
the honor of a seat in the other House, a pro-
vision of this character was introduced there, and
they determined that this system of flogging ought
to be abolished; but, unfortunately, when itcame
to this body, they non-concurred in that, to my
mind, very wise, salutary, and humane measure
of legislation of the House. The American Sen-
ate interposed to preserve the cat-o'-nine tails in
the navy, and that has, therefore, been continued
up to the present time. The bill from the House
which has now been referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs contains that same provision, abol-
