1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
491
I object to putting anything of this kind under
the direction of an executive officer. This belongs
to the contingent printing of the Senate, and does
not come within the scope of an executive officer's
duties, and cannot, therefore, rightfully be imposed
upon such an officer. Almost every session we
have applications made here for allowances for
extra services performed by some of the officers of
the Government; and if we commence this practice
of placing the contingent printing of the Senate
under the direction of executive officers, or if we
impose any other labor upon them not appertaining
to the duties of their offices, we shall have applica-
tions here by-and-by for payment for extra services.
I do not suppose that these remarks will apply to
Mr. Edwards at all, but 1 am opposed to the prin-
ciple, and hope, therefore, that the amendment will
prevail.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I would like to
understand the effect of the amendment.
PRESIDING OFFICER. The effect of the
amendment will be simply to strike out the words
" under the dnection of the Commissioner of Pen.
sions."
Mr. BADGER. I am in favor of that.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was reacted.,
Mr. YULEE. Mr. President, I move to amend
the resolution by inserting the word "three" in the
place of " five," so that it will read " three thou-
sand copies."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana. Mr. President,
J would remark that I hope that amendment will
not prevail. There has been no document printed
by Congress that is in so great a demand as this.
Mr. ATHERTON. I will merely remark, for
the information of the chairman of the Committee
on Pensions, though I do not know that my state-
ment will make any difference of opinion in the
minds of Senators in relation to this resolution,
that the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill
which came from the House contains the following
clause:
"For the purpose of punting, under the direction of the
Co!nmi--jonei of Pensions, an additional nuniher of IJnii-o
document number nineti-five of the first session of the
twentj -ninth Congress, and all huvs relating to pensions,
which have been passed since the twenty-seventh day ot
January, eighteen hundred and foity-six, and are still in
force,lojetherwitll the constructions placed upon such laws
By the War Department or Attorney General, and the tonus
necessai y to be followed by applicants for pensions under
the several laws, and the bounty land laws, together with
the necessary foirns for application therefor, foi the u.:e of
the Pension Otfice, the sum of eight hundred dollars."
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, that does not
refer to the same document. It has no reference
to the document now under consideration. It refers
to the House document, number ninety-five, which
was printed by the House two years ago; and
although a large number of copies of that docu-
ment was then printed, but one copy only was
given to each Senator. Now, the object of this
resolution,^ to print a reasonable number of copies
of the document under consideration to be distrib-
uted among the several States by Senators. The
clause read by the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire does not meet the requirements of this
case at all.
Mr. ATHERTON. Mr. President, thisisa pro-
vision of law contained in the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill. 1 would merely remark that I
prefer that such things should be done by a pro-
vision of law instead of paying for them out of the
contingent fund of the Senate. Ifthe Senate desire
to have an additional number of this document
printed, an amendment can be made in an addi-
tional clause to the civil and diplomatic appro-
priation bill, making an appropriation for that
purpose.
Mr. JOHNSON. This resolution was reported
by the Committee on Pensions after a full and care-
ful examination of all the laws relating to pen-
sions, and after consulting the Commissioner of
Pensions. It was believed by the Commissioner
of Pensions that all the old laws relating to this
subject, constituting about one-half of the whole
number, might be dispensed with, because, though
yet in force, there are very few cases arising tinder
them. The Commissioner believed also, and the
committee concurred with him, that the construc-
tions placed upon these laws by the Attorney
General, which constitute a very considerable por-
tion of the book, although useful to committees
and members of Congress, would be utterly use-
less to the people at large, and, therefore, that they
might be dispensed with. By striking out these
old laws and the constructions of the Attorney
General, the size of the book is reduced more than
one-half, brought down to about ninety-four pages,
and contains only what is of value to the people at
large—laws in relation to bounty lands^and some
additional regulations relating to them.
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. President, I had the honor
of offering, the other day, the resolution propo-
sing to print five thousand copies of the pension
laws now in force. At the time I offered it, I knew
nothing about the provision contained in the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill, covering that
proposition. I then said that my object in offering
the resolution was, that, as every individual en-
gaged in the service of the United States in the
late war with Mexico is more or less interested in
having information in regard to the law relating to
his pay, it was right that something should be
done by Congress which would enable him_to ob-
tain that information in the most convenient and
accurate form. Many of these individuals, either
p'ersonally or by attorney, are continually writing
to Senators for information concerning the laws
and forms it is necessary to observe in procuring
pensions, extra pay, and any other rights arising
under the law. I have received repeated applica-
tions for such information, and, on making inquiry
at the Pension Office, I have learned that the num-
ber of copies containing the laws upon that sub-
ject now in force was nearly exhausted, and it
seemed to me quite essential that more should be
printed.
The book of pension laws originally printed
embraced the laws relating to pensions granted for
services in the revolutionary war and the war of
1812, which alone made some ninety-odd pages.
The object of my resolution was to print the pen-
sion laws now m force. The Senate determined,
after some debate, to refer the entire subject to the
Committee on Pensions. That committee reported
back this resolution. They say that so much of
the law as relates to pensions arising from revo-
lutionary services, and for services in the war of
1812,i? unnecessary, and recommend that all the
laws .and forms applicable to the late war with
Mexico should be printed and placed in the pos-
session of Senators for distribution. This resolu-
tion provides foi the printing of five thousand
copies, which will give Senators only about eighty
copics each, not more than they need, and nothing
like as many as I need. I hope the Senate will
act upon the report of the committee, and order the ;j
printing of the late pension laws without reference
to the old laws relating to that subject. If the
House desire the printing of the old laws, we can
pass the amendment which they have incorporated
in the appropriation bill, whenever that bill comes
up. That is a matter in which the Senate has
nothing at all to do. - The object of the House in
putting that appropriation in the bill js to make it
a law, and place these documents in the War De-
partment, and we shall have no control over them
at all.
Mr. ALLEN. I hope the amendment offered
by the Senator from Florida will not prevail. If
there be any reason for printing this document at
all, there is reason for printing a large number; j
and as I believe there is reason for printing the doc- !
ument, and very strong reason, I think that wc |
ought rather to increase than diminish the number ,
named in the original resolution. Why, sir, one i
of the very greatest difficulties experienced by that i
large class of people for whose benefit these laws i
were framed, is their not knowing the manner m |
which they should proceed in order to obtain that j
to which by law they are entitled; and it is par-
ticularly the case with regard to those who are j
entitled to receive bounty land warrants. It is, j
sir, the absence of information from these men, ;
with regard to these land warrants, that has brought I
so many land wariants into the hands of specula- j
tors. It is because those who had the right were
uninformed of the manner in winch they should
proceed to reach its enjoyment. I think, there-
fore, that this resolution is one of prime necessity,
! and thinking that, I would rathervote for printing
ten thousand instead of five thousand copies.
Several Senators. Move it, then. Make a
motion to that effect.
Mr. ALLEN. Well, then, Mr. President^ I ;
will move to amend the amendment offered by the j
honorable Senator from Florida by striking out j
the word " three" and inserting the word " ten," \
so that the resolution wili read is ten thousand
copies."
The question being taken on the amendment
offered by Mr. Allen, the vote stood, on a divis-
ion, for the amendment to the amendment, 20,
against it 25. So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BORLAND moved to amend 'The amend-
ment, by inserting "eight thousand" instead"of
" three thousand."
The question being taken on this amendment,
the vote stood, on a division, for the amendment
21, against it 23. So Mr. Borland's amendment
was rejected.
The question being taken on the amendment of
Mr. Yulee, it was not agreed to.
Mr. JONES. Mr. President, I now move to
amend the resolution, by inserting "six thousand"
instead of " five thousand." That will give only a
hundred copies to each Senator, i am certain that
two hundred will not supply my State.
The question being taken on the amendment of
Mr. Jones, the vote stood, on a division, for the
amendment 21, against it 20. So the amendment
was agreed to.
The resolution as amended was then agreed to.
Mr. HANNEGAN moved that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Executive business;
but gave way to
Mr. DIX, upon whose motion the bill making
a grant of land to the several States for certain
purposes was taken up and made the special order
for to-morrow.
On motion of Mr. YULEE, the Senate took up
the bill to promote the efficiency of the military and
naval establishment; which was then postponed till
Tuesday, and made the special order for that day.
Mr. BRADBURY moved that the Senate take
up the bill to provide for the investigation of claims
against the United States.
And the motion being agreed to, the bill was
taken up and its further consideration was post-
poned until to-morrow, and made a special order
for that day.
Mr. HALE moved that when the Senate ad-
journs, it adjourn to meet on Monday.
Mr. DOWNS asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The question was then taken, and decided as
follows:
YE\S—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Badgpr. Berrien, Brielit,
Butler, Calhoun, Dayton, Hale, Kmsj, Manguut, Miller,
Phelp-, Seba&tiiin, Turinn, Uphnm, and Yulee—17
NAYS—Messrs. Atherton, Baldwin. Bell, Benton, Borland,
Biadhury, Bieose, Clarke, Cor\vin,Da\ is ol >Ias>aclni>etts,
Davis of Mississippi, Dickinson. Di.x. Dodg«- ot Ion a, Doug-
li*, Downs-, F-loh, Fitzpatnck, Foote, Gieene, iianilm,
Hanw'gan, Houston, Humer, Johnson of LoHismim, John-
son ol Georgia, Jones, Mason, Mciealfo. NHes, Spru-
ancc, Sturgeon, Underwood, Walker, Web&tei, anil West-
cott—37.
On motion of Mr. HANJNfECrAN, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness; and, after some time spent therein, the doors ,
were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 9, 1849.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved;
on which was announced the tellers on the part
of the House to count the votes of President and
Vice President as follows: Mr. Hunt and Mr.
McClelland.
Mr. HUNT, at his request, was excused from
acting as a teller on the part of the House to make
a list of votes for President and Vice President of
United States, and thereupon—
Mr. Barrow was appointed in his place.
Mr. McLANE gave notice of.a motion for leave
to introduce a bill to extend to all widows of the
officers and soldiers of the Revolution the same
rights and privileges as are now enjoyed by those
married previous to the year 1800.
Mr. NiCOLL gave notice of a motion for leave
to introduce a joint resolution to allow drawback
on all merchandise landed in California from the
United States until the revenue laws are extended
over that country.
THE INDIAN TRIBES.
Mr. STRONG asked leave to present certain
resolutions of the Legislature of Pennsylvania.
Mr. GOGGIN said, before the resolutions were
received, he wished to ask what was the order of
. business this morning >
