492
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 9,
The SPEAKER replied that it was private bill
day.'
Mr. G0GG1N inquired of the Chair whether,
although it was private bill day, they had not one
hour for the reception of reports ?
The SPEAKER replied that they had not, unless
by special order, after refusing to go into private
business.
The resolutions presented by Mr. Strong were
then read, as follows:
RESOLUTIONS relative to the providing of a permanent
home for the Indian tribes.
Whereas, sympathy for the various tribes of Indians now
scattered in the West and southwestern States has induced
a public expression of feeling in several of our sister States:
And whereas the citizens of Pennsylvania yield to none
in an honest and patriotic desire for the civilization and so-
cial improvement of this unfortunate race:
And whereas the efforts of philanthropists for the amelior-
ation of their condition have been rendered ineffectual on
account of their scattered condition and wandering habits:
Therefore—
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives in
general assembly met, That our Senators and RepiesentaUves
in Congress he*requested to aid in establishing for them a
permanent home, by granting to them a portion of the North-
western Territory, and holding out to them proper induce-
ments 10 move thither.
Resolved, That the Governor be requested to cause a copy
of the above preamble and resolutions to be forwarded to
our Senators and Representatives in Congress.
WILLIAM F. PACKER,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
■ GEORGE DARSIE,
Speaker of the Senate.
Approved, January 31, J 849.
WM. P. JOHNSTON.
On motion of Mr. STRONG, the resolutions
were laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
DAVID MYERLE.
Mr. MOREHEAD moved that the bill just re-
ceived from the Senate, for (he relief of David
Myerle, he referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, objected.
The SPEAKER said the Chair understood that
this was a private bill which had passed the
House, been sent to the Senate, and returned with
amendment. It was clearly in order to proceed to
private business on the Speaker's table, and bills
returned from the Senate with amendments were
first m order.
Mr. GOGGIN inquired if it was in order to
move to lay the bill on the table?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. GOGGIN. I make that motion.
Mr. GRINNELL called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri. Is it in order to move
that the House proceed to the call of committees
for reports?
The SPEAKER replied: Not while the motion
to lie on the table is pending.
The SPEAKER, announced the bill for the re-
lief of David Myerle before the House, and stated
that a motion had been made by the gentleman
from Kentucky to refer it to the Committee on
Claims, and by the gentleman from Virginia to
lay the bill on the table. The motion to lay on
the table was first in order.
Mr. CATHCART rose to a point of order, and
inquired if it was m order to move to refer the bill
at this time ?
The SPEAKER replied that it was clearly in
order. It was private bill day, and on these days
private bills returned from the Senate with amend-
ments were first in order upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. Is it now in order to
move thnf the House resolve itself into Committee
of the "Whole on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER replied that it was.
Mr. COBB. I make that motion, in order that
we may proceed to the consideration of the fortifi-
cation bill.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, inquired
whether, in case the House went into committee,
the bill No. 412, to establish a board for the exami-
nation of private claims, which was a special order,
would not be first in order?
Mr. SPEAKER replied, that would be a point J
for the committee to decide.
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
Cobb and agreed to.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Bcrt,
of South Carolina, in the chair.)
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, moved that the com-
mittee resume the consideration of the fortification
biil.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved the
bill relative to private claims.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I trust the gentleman
from Connecticut will abandon that bill. There is
no hope of passing it.
The CHAIRMAN called to order, and stated
that the question was first on the motion of Mr.
Cobb. «
Tellers were asked and ordered; and the ques-
tion "having been taken, they reported ayes 70,
noes 70—
. But before they resumed their seats, other gen-
tlemen passed between them, and they reported
ayes 70, noes 72.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, objected to the second
report* and raised the point of order, that having
made a report, they noqld receive no more votes.
The CHAIRMAN sustained the point of order,
and received the first report as final, viz: ayes 70,
noes 70—a tie.
The CHAIR voted in the negative, making
ayes 70, noes 71,
So the committee refused to take up the fortifi-
cation bill.
BOARD TO SETTLE PRIVATE CLAIMS.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved that
the committee proceed to the consideration of bill
No. 412, being a bill to provide for the settlement
of claims against the United States.
Mr. GOGGIN moved thetf the committee pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill to reduce the
rates of postage.
Mr. KAUFMAN indicated his intention, if the
motion of the gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr.
Rockwell,] and of the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Goggin,] failed, to move to take up the bill
making appropriations for the Post Office Depart-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN said such a motion would be
in order in the event of the other motions failing.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Rockwell, and the Chairman announced that
the "Noes appeared to have it."
Mr. ROCKWELL rose to a question of order.
H$ submitted to the Chair whether it was in the
power of a majority of the House or of tffe com-
mittee, to set aside a special order?
The CHAIRMAN was of opinion, he said, that
it was not in the power of the House to set aside
a special order.
Mr, ROCKWELL submitted whether, when
the House went into committee on a special order,
the committee could take up any bill but a special
order, unless it was a general appropriation bill?
Mr. GOGGIN suggested that the bill in relation
to the reduction of the rates of postage had also
been made a special order.
Mr. ROCKWELL was understood to say, that
he was aware of it; but that the bill to provide
for the establishment of a board of claims had
precedence over it.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, said it would be better
to reconsider the vote refusing to take up the for-
tification bill.
Mr. ROCKWELL said that the only reason,
as he supposed, why the appropriation bill, moved
by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Cobb,] was
in order, was because a rule which had been adopt-
ed at the present session of Congress made it al-
ways in order to go into committee upon appro-
priation bills. But he presumed it to be settled,
that where there was a special order, the commit-
tee could not by a majority set it aside.
Mr. VINTON said that as the committee had
voted down the motion to take up the fortification
bill, and also a motion to take up the bill to es-
tablish a board of private claims, he would move
to take up the Mexican treaty bill.
Mr. ROCKWELL said that the gentleman was
mistaken in one particular. The committee had
not voted down the motion to take up the bill to
establish a board of claims. The decision had not
been declared upon that motion.
Mr. VINTON gave notice, that if that motion
did not prevail, he should move to take up the
Mexican treaty bill.
Mr. ROCKWELL asked for the decision of
the Chair upon the point whether it was in order
to take up any other bill, (the bill in relation to
private claims being a special order,) except a gen-
eral appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN said that it would be in order
for the committee to take up any general appro-
priation bill. But the bill reported by the gentle-
man from Connecticut [Mr. Rockwell] having
been made a special order, no other bill, except a
general appropriation bill, could be taken up.
Some conversation followed on the part of Mr
HOUSTON of Alabama, and Mr. ROCKWELL*
Mr. ROCKWELL called for the consideration
of the special order.
Mr. VINTON renewed his motion in respect to
the Mexican treaty bill.
[Several voices: Let us take up that bill.]
The CHAIRMAN said that the Mexican treaty
bill was not a general appropriation bill, as he
thought, coming within the rule of the House.
Mr. GOGGIN inquired if the gentleman from
Connecticut [Mr. Rockwell] had made his mo-
tion ?
Mr. ROCKWELL said he withdrew it. It was
not necessary he should make it.
Mr. GOGGIN said, he then moved to take up
the bill to reduce the rates of postage.
Mr. ROCKWELL said, that the bill being the
special order, it was not competent to take up any
other bill except a general appropriation bill. The
bill to reduce the rates of postage and the fortifica-
tion bill were not bills of that character.
The CHAIRMAN then announced the special
order, being the consideration of the bill to provide
for the settlement of claims jagainst the United
States.
Mr. GOGGIN inquired if it was in order to
move that the committee rise and report^he bill to
the House, with a recommendation that it be re-
jected ?
The CHAIRMAN said he thought the motion
was not in order.
Mr. ROCKWELL rose to a point of order.
He understood (he said) that no such motion was
in order while an amendment was pending. It
was, he submitted, clearly out of order.
The CHAIRMAN said, that as there was a
pending amendment, the committee having taken
up the bill, it was not competent to make such a
motion up til the pending amendmentwas disposed
of. As soon as the amendment was disposed of,
the Chairman thought the motion would be in
order.
Mr. KAUFMAN said he understood that there
was before the committee a general appropriation
bill, being the* bill making appropriations for the
service of the Post Office Department. That was
a general appropriation bill, which had been re-
ported from the Committee of Way3 and Means.
The CHAIRMAN said he had been informed
that there was no such bill before the committee.
The CHAIRMAN then directed the Clerk to
read the pending amendment.
And the question was stated as follows:
When the committee were last in session on this
bill, the amendment offered .by Mr. Duer to the
3d section was pending, viz: at end of last amend-
ment add—
Where, from the nature of the facts, the rules of law and
equity as established between individuals are inapplicable,
but where the claimant is entitled to the relict soughtm
justice and sound policy, and according to the geneial prac-
tice of this Government.
To which amendment Mr. Schenck had moved
to add the following:
And this shall include all claims against the Government
of the United States arising under any contract, express or
implied, with the Government, or with any department or
officer thereof; or under any existing law of the United
States, in cases where the subject-mattei of the claim is now
cognizable by any of the officers of the Tieasury Department,
or other officers of the Government; or m any ca&e-* where
damages to individual property have been sustained by reason
of the act or order of any officer or person employed by the
Government, while such olhcer or person was m ihe dis-
charge of a lawful duty; and the decision ot said board shall
be final.
Mr. STEPHENS was understood to say, it was
evident that it could not be perfected during the
present session; and he thought, therefore, that
there was no use in spending another day upon it,
when there were so few days of the session yet
remaining. He thought that the motion which he
now made that the committee rise would be agreed
to.
The CHAIRMAN said the gentleman must
confine his remarks to the* amendment which he
offered.
Mr. STEPHENS intimated that he had not
offered any amendment. He moved that the com-
mittee rise and report progression the bill, and
that they had come to no conclusion thereon. He
made the motion, with a view to enable the House
to proceed to the consideration of other business.
Mr. ROCKWELL said he believed it had been
