1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
498
decided several times by the gentleman who now
occupied the Chaic, that a motion that the com-
mittee rise and report the bill to the House, with
or without a recommendation, was not in order.
The CHAIRMAN said he understood the mo-
tion ofAhn gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Ste-
phens] to be simply that the committee rise.
Some conversation followed between Mr. KAUF-
MAN and the Chair.
The question was then taken, and decided in the
negative: Ayes 50, noes 69.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. KAUFMAN then moved that the commit-:
tee rise and report the bill to the House, with a'
request to be discharged from the further consider-
ation thereof.
The CHAIRMAN decided the motion to be out
of order. The committee, at this state of the bill,
could not rise and make such a report.
Mr. KAUFMAN. Can we report a recom-
mendation that the bill be laid on the table?
The CHAIRMAN said not.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, inquired if it was in
order to move that the committee rise and recom-
mend to the House that the committee be dis-
charged from the furtherfconsideration of the bill?
The CHAIRMAN said he was of opinion that
the committee must act upon the bill. The com-
mittee could not act upon the bill until it had consid-
ered all the clauses of the bill and the amendments
which were offered. The committee might rise at
any time.
Mr. JONES said his ^proposition did not con-
template reporting the bill, but merely that the
chairman of the commutee be instructed to report
to the House that the committee be discharged from
the further consideration of this bill.
The CHAIRMAN said that .that motion was
preliminary to the rejection of the bill, and was
not in order.
The question was then again stated to be on the
amendment of Mr. Schenck.
Mr. DUER asked Mr. Schenck to withdraw
his amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK did so.
After some conversation on a point of order be-
tween Mr. Stuart of Michigan and the Chair-
man—
Mr. DUER renewed the amendment of Mr.
Schenck.
The question was put on agreeing to Mr.
Schenck's amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. DUER then modified his amendment, by
striking out the words " justice and sound policy,"
and inserting " as'a matter of light, and not as a
gratuity."
The question was put, and Mr. Duer s amend-
ment was rejected.
The fourth section was then read.
Mr. MEADE moved to amend the same in the.
second line, by inserting after the word " shall,"
the wordsj," keep a record of their proceedings."
^^Tr.^KAUFMAN moved to add at the end of
the fourth section the following:
Provid&J, That no member of the present Congress shall
be appointed to any office created by this act.
Mr KAUFMAffsaid he had offered this amend-
ment with a view to strict fairness and impartiality.
Bv section 6, article 1, of the Constitution of the
United States, it is provided that " no Senator or
' Representative shall, during the time Jor which he
• was elected, be appointed to any civil office under
' the authority of the United btates, winch, shall
' have been created, or the emoluments whereof shall
'have been increased, during such time. ihis
provision of the Constitution does not affect the
membersof this House longer than the4th of March
next My friends on this side of the House can-
not possibly be appointed to any offices under this
bill; for the moment that " the time for which they
were elected" expires, President Polk goes out of
office Now, (said Mr. K.,) he did not wish to
see our Whig friends on the other side of the
House enjoy advantages from our common legis-
lation which the Democrats could not under any
possible contingency be put in possession of. And
therefore he hoped the amendment he had just
offered would receive the sanction of the commit-
tee. [Laughter.]
The amendment was agreed to.
Various other amendments were offered and
debated, under the five minutes rule, by Messrs.
DUER, WOODWARD, GOGGIN, MEADE,
ROCKWELL of Connecticut, KAUFMAN,
HALL of Missouri, FiCKHN, HAMMONS,
DANIEL, JOHNSON of Tennessee, and TUR-
NER, many of which were agreed to.
After the bill had been amended in nearly every
section, and in various ways—
Mr. FICKLlN offered the following as a sub-
stitute for the entire bill, as amended:
That from and after the passage of this act, the several
judges^)f the distnet courts ot the United States shall be,
and they are hereby, constituted commissioners lor their
respective districts, i'or the settlement of claims against the
United States. The said commissioners s?hall severally take
an oath before some officer of the State iu which they re-
side, authorized by law to administer oaths, fathfully and
impartially to execute the duties imposed on inm as such
commissioner, to the best ot ins judgment aijd ability; and
each of said commissioners shall receive a compensation of
per annum, m addition to his salary as distnctjudge,
to be paid annuaiy from the treasury of the United States
Sec. 2. Jind be it further enacted, That any person or per-
sons having a claim against the United Slates, (the settle-
ment of which js not provided lor by law before any of the
departments of the Government, or of the accounting offi-
cers,) shall file his or their petition with the clerk ot the dis-
trict court of the United States for the Suite or district in
which one or more of the claimants shall reside, which
petition shall, in a clear and succinct toim3 state the nature
and amount ot the claim presented, the name of the person
or persons to whom it first accrued, and the date of sucii
acciual, together with the name and residence of the claim-
ants, and m what right each one claims. Winch said peti-
tion, when received by the clerk, shall bo by him marked,
filed, and a memorandum of the filing entered upon a docket
to be by him provided for that purpose, and which docket
shall be kept in his office.
Sec. 3. jind be \t further enactedt That so soon as a peti-
tion is filed, as aforesaid, jt shall be the duty of the clerk of
the district court in which it is filed to make out and for-
ward a certified copy of tile same to the Secretary of the
Treasury of the United States; and it shall be the duty of
the Secretary aforesaid to cause an investigation to be made,
and ascertain whether said claim, or any pait thcieofj has
been presented for settlement and liquidation to any ot the
accounting officers or depaitments ol the Government, and
what action, if any, has been had in regard to it; and it shall
be the further duty of said Secretaiy, so soon as said ex-
amination has been made, to forwaid to the clerk afoiesaid
a brief statement of the result ofsuch examination, and no
proceedings shall be had on said claim until after such state-
ment shall have been received and filed m the ofhee of said
clerk.
Sec. 4. Jind be itfurther enacted, That if, on examination,
the Secretary ol the Treasur> shall be satisfied that the sub-
ject-matter of the claim is by law cognizable by any ol the
olnceisof the Treasury Department, or other officers ot the
United States, or shall have been presented to and settled by
the proper accounting officers, then it shall be the duty of
said Secretary to notily the clerk afoiesaid, by a statement in
writing, ot the tact so ascei tamed, and thereupon no further
proceedings shall be had on the petition filed with the clerk
as aforesaid.
Sec. 5. Jind be it farther enacted, That if, on examination,
the Secretary of the Titasuiy shall become satisfied that
said claim is not cognizable b> law, befoie any ot the otlicers
ol the Treasury Department, or an> other otheers ot the
United States, and that the same shall not have been pre-
sented to and settled by any of the proper accounting ofheers
of the Government, it shall be his tuny to notify the cleric
with whom said petition has been filed of said fact, where-
upon it shall be the duty of said clerk, on leceipt of said
notice, to mark said petition tor hearing, and to notify in
writing the District Attorney ot the Uniltd States tor ihe
district in winch said petition is filed of the filing of sucn
petition, whereupon it shall be the duiy of said distiict attor-
ney to take charge of said case, on behalf of the Govern-
ment, and bestow upon it the same attention that he is
required by law to do in all cases in which the United States
is u party ; and all judicial notices of the claimants shall be
served on the district attorney, and said district attorney
shall be paid the sum of dollars for each case to which
he shall attend in person.
Sec. 6. *dnd be it jurther enacted, That so soon as conve-
nient after a petition shall have been marked for hearing by
the clerk as afoiesaid, it shall be the dut> of the commis-
sioner toiix upon a time at which he will hear and decide
upon said case; and it shall be the duty ol the clerk toith-
w itti to notify the distnet attorney and tue claimants of such
time, in order that they may take depositions, and make
other preparations lor the trial. Depositions may betaken
by either party, m the same manner and uridtr the same
rules that are applicable to the taking and ceitiiymg of depo-
sitions to be used as evidence iu tnc ui&tnct couit ot the
United States.
Sec. 7. Jind be'it further enacted, That, when all the testi-
mony desued by either of the paiues shah have been taken
and filed, it shall be tilt, duty ol the judge sittn.g in the capa-
city of commissioner tor the adjudication ot ciaims, to pro-
ceed to the investigation ot the tact* in said cause; and each
party shall have the priviltge ot bang heard by another,but
not by oral aigument, before said.commissioner, at the time
fixed for said investigation: Provided, That in all cases
wheie a written argument is filed by the claimant, there
shall also be one filed by the district attorney, betore said
claim shall be decided upon.
Sec. 8. Jind be it further enacted, That it shallbe the duty
of said commissioner, alter the investigation ot each case,
to decide the same upon the known and settled rules of law
and equity, and to state briefly, m writing, the amount
awarded to the claimants, together with the reason:, and
giouuds upon which his decision i:  tounded, as also the
name or names of the person or persons whom the evidence
shows entitled to the same; and when his decision is adveise
to the allowance ot said claim, lie shall aiso imetiy state in
writing the reasons upon which such decision is tounded,
and thereupon all the papers, in any way connected with
the case, shall be forwarded to the Secretary of the* Treasury
of the United States, to be filed away in that department (or
perpetual reference.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That within a reason-
able time after the papeis in any case are returned to the
Secretary of the Treasury, it shall be the duty of said Sec-
retary, together with the Attorney General of the iXmted
States, to investigate the papers in said case fully and thor-
oughly, as also the decision of the commissioner, together
with the reasons upon which it is based; anil if said Secre-
tary and Attorney shall conclude that said decision is cor-
rect, they shall so state in writing, and that shall be final
against the Government, or the claimants, respectively; but
should said Secretary or Attorney decide against the decision
of «aid commissioner, then they shall state fully in witting
the reasons upon which such difference shall be founded,
and transmit all the papers in the case, together with the
written opinions, to Congress at its next session, and Con-
gress shall decide upon the same, which decision shall be
final.
Mr. Ficklin's substitute was agreed to, ' (The
other amendments made by the committee to the
bill were therefore superseded.)
On motion of Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connec-
ticut, the committee then rose and reported the bill
to the House as amended.
The question being upon agreeing to the amend-
ment reported by the Committee of the Whole,
(Mr. Ficklin's)—
Mr. ROCKWELL moved the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved that the bill,as amend-
ed, be laid on the table.
Mr. BOYD asked the yeas and nays on that
motion, which were ordered, and, being taken,
resulted—yeas 64, nays 108.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
The question then recurred on seconding the
demand for the previous question.
And there was a second. And the main ques-
tion (being firston the substitute bill reported from
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union) was ordered to be now taken.
Mr. BOWLIN inquired if it would be in order
to move that there be a call of the House?
The SPEAKER replied that it would not be in
order.
The reading of the bill, as amended by the com-
mittee, was called for, and it was iead.
Mr. STANTON desired to ask a question of
the Chair: If this amendment were voted down,
would there be an opportunity to vote upon the
amendments of the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union to the original bill? %
The SPEAKER. No; the question will then
be upon the engrossment of the bill as it stands.
The question is now o^ the adoption of the amend-
ment.
The yeas and nays were asked and refused; and
the question having been taken, was deeided in the
negative—ayes 47, noes not counted.
So the substitute was rejected.
The SPEAKER announced that the question
was now on the engrossment of the bill.
Mr. BOWLIN asked the yeas and nays, which
were not ordered.
The question was taken, and the bill was or-
dered to be engrossed—ayes 86, noes 64.
The SPEAKER next announced the question
on the third reading of the bill.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, objected to the third
reading to-day.
The SPEAKER. The bill is not engrossed.
Mr. GREEN rose to a point of order. Ho
wished to make an inquiry. The bill had been
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union; the committee had made some
amendments, and then had adopted the substitute
of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Ficklin.}
That substitute had been rejected by the House.
He wished to know whether it was the oiigina|
bill or the bill as amended that was now before the
House ?
The SPEAKER. It is the bill reported from
the committee.
Mr. GREEN. I do not know whether it is the
original bill, or the bill as amended, that was re-
ported from the committee.
Mr. ASHMUN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill had been ordered to be engrossed,
and moved to lay that motion on the table.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, moved that the House
adjourn.
"Mr. HALL, of New York, appealed to the gen-
tleman from Georgia to withdraw the motion to
adjourn, until he could make a motion to recon-
sider a vote taken yesterday; which motion he
