494
THE eOMGftBSSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 10,
desired to have entered on the Journal, and that it
lie over.
The SPEAKER stated that a motion to recon*
sider was pending, and that until that was disposed
of it would not be in order to receive another.
Mr WENTWORTH. I want to know, if the
House sit here till the bill be engrossed, if we can-
not pass it ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide that
point when it arises.
Mr. WENT WORTH. I hope we will sit here
and pass the bill to-day.
The question was then taken on the motion to
adjourn, and it was-rejected—ayes 71, noes 77.
The question recurring on Mr. Ashmun's mo-
tion to lay on the tablfe the motion to reconsider
the vote by which the bill had been ordered to be
engrossed, was taken and agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, moved, if it was
in order, to proceed to the business on the Speak-
er's table.
Mr. HALL, of New York, rose to a privileged
qupsrion.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, I'ose to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York rises to a privileged question, and is entitled
. to the floor.
Mr. HALL, therefore, moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution yesterday reported
from the Committee on the Judiciary, directing the
Clerk of the House to pay J. W. Nye for services
under a contract with the Postmaster of the House,
was laid on the table.
The motion was entered upon the Journal, and
lies over.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, rose and desired to know
if the bill which had just been ordered to be en-
grossed had passed from before the House ? He
wished to know what was the position of that bill
now?
The SPEAKER. If the bill weie now befoie the
House, the Chair would put the question upon it.
Mr. COBB. Then I understand the Chair to
decide that it is upon the Speaker5s-table?
The SPEAKER. The Chair makes no decision
upon it.
Mr. COBB. In what condition does the Chair
consider the bill ?
The SPEAKER. The House has ordered it to
be engrossed.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut. Is it in
order to have it read a third time to-day >
The SPEAKER. The bill cannot be read,
except by unanimous consent, until it has been
engtossed.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Is it not being engrossed
now?
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, moved that the House
adjourn.
Tellers were asked and ordered, viz: Messrs.
Boyd and Fulton, who reported ayes 97. The
question was given up by the negative without a
count.
So the House adjourned.  
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, and leterrcd:
By Mr. GREEUSY: The petition of Joseph Curtis and
othei inventoisot'NewYork, for cert nn amendment^ to the
patent Iaw . AUo, of B. F. Rugt-rs and other citizens of
Penns) Ivama, for action of Congress to meliorate generally
the condition of oui colored population., AUo, lout memo-
rials horn the State ot New York, ioi the exclusion (if intox-
icating liquors fiotn the United States \'avy.
By Mr. CONGER: The petition of Messrs. Wendell &
Van Beutiimsen, Congressional punters, asking Congress
for extia compensation to remunerate them tor losses in-
clined m the ev< cution of their contract.
Xiv Mr If -iMPruN, of Pennsylvania : The petition of S.
S. Waterman, and thirty-eight others-, citizens ot the Com-
monwealth ot Pennsylvania, piaying for an alteration m the
laws n-latiiia to the mineial lands along the southern shoie
of JLdke riur.
By \ir MelLVAIIVE: The petition of Caleb Seal, and
fortv-MX other.-, citizens of Chester county, Pennsylvania,
prfumg Congress to piohihit the introduction ot .-laveiy into
the Temtories of New Mexico and California, and to exer-
cise its constitutional autiiouty to abolish slavery in the Dis-
trict ot Columbia.
By Mr. SAWYER: The petition of citizens of Middle-
town, Marj land, for the diiconunuar.ee of the Military-
Academy at We>t Point.
By Mi. STEWART, of Pennsylvania: Resolutions of the
Lpgi-hiuue til i'eiin*-yIvdnin, relative to pioviding a perma-
nent home lor the Indian tribes.
By Mr. BUTLER: The petition of William Redely and
othersjciuzens ot Kingston, Luzerne county, Pennsylvania,
asking for the establishment of a umf'oi oi system of pottage,
suyifor eertaifc ether alterations jn the postage laws.
By Mr. DARLING: Petitions ot sundry inhabitants of
Wisconsin, for the establishment of a mail touto from
Christiana, in Dane county, by way of Cambridge and Water-
loo, to Columbus, in Columbia county.
By Mr. PfLSBURY: The memoiial of R. G. Crozier, of
Galveston, in the State of Texas, for payment of goods taken
by the soldiers of the (Jriited States army, in Mexico.
By Mr. MORSE: The petition of Dovinee Bienvenue
Charles Gautier, and ninety-five others, praying' that the
wood on a tract of land known as Cypress Island, should he
reserved for the use of the inhabitants for fire-wood, accord-
ing to the usages of the Spanish Government with regard to
woodland on the piairies of Attaekapa and Zelousas.^
By Mr. BARROW: The petition of James R. Giaves and
others, citizens ofTennessee, relative to reduction or post-
age, &c. „ „
By Mr. SMITH, of Illinois: The petition of A. Huffman
and others, citizens of Illinois, prajing a donation of land to
aid in the construction of a railroad connecting the Upper
and Lower Mississippi river with the Northern Lakes, at
Chicago. Also, the petition of a large number of citizens of
Jeisey and Macoupin counties, Illinois, upon the tame sub- j
ject.   
IN SENATE.
Saturday, February 10, 1849. -
The VICE PRESIDENT laid befoie the Senate
the following message from the President of the
United States, communicating, in compliance with
a resolution of the Senate, instructions given to
Ambrose H. Sevier and Nathan Clifford, United
States Ministers to Mexico, prior to the ratification
of the treaty with Mexico, and certain other cor-
respondence and papers:
Washington, February 9, 1849.
To the Senate of the United States:
In compliance with the resolution of the Senate j
of the 6th instant, requesting the President to cause ;
to be laid before that body, "in Executive or |
open session, in 'his discretion, any mstiuctions ,
given to Ambrose H. Sevier and Nathan Clifford, |
commissioned as Ministers Plenipotentiary on the
part ot' the United States to the Government of ,
Mexico, or to either of said Ministers, prior to the ;
ratification by the Government of Mexico of the ;
treaty of peace between the United States and that
Republic," and certain correspondence and other
papers specified in the said resolution, I communi- !
cate herewith a report from the Secretary of State, i
together with copies of the documents called for. |
Having on the 8th instant, in compliance with 1
a resolution of the House of Representatives, in j
its terms more comprehensive than that of the j
Senate, communicated these and all other papers ,
appertaining to the same subject, with a message ■
to that House, this communication is made to the ■
Senate in "open," and not in "Executive ees- !
sion." JAMES K. POLK. i
The documents referred to m the above mes- j
sage are the following: '
Department of State, j
Washington, February 9, 1849.
The Secretary of State, to whom was referred j
the resolution of the Senate of the 6th mstantf^e- I
questing the President to communicate to that |
body certain documents relative to the ratification j
by the Mexican Government of the treaty ot i
Guadalupe Hidalgo, as amended by the Senate, 1
has the honor to lay before the President the pa-
pers mentioned in the subjoined list, which embrace j
all in this department called for by the resolution. ;
Respectfully submitted. i
JAMES BUCHANAN, i
To the President of the United States. j
Mr. Buchanan to the Minister of Foreign Relations
of the Mtzican Republic.
Department or State,
Washington, March 18, 1848.
Sir: Two years have nearly passed away since
our Republics have been engaged in war. Causes
which it would now be vain, if not hurtful, to re-
capitulate, have produced this calamity. Under
the blessing of a kind Providence, this war, I trust,
is about to terminate; and hereafter, instead of the
two nations doing each other all the harm they
donal discretion, a few days after this treaty was
received, submitted it to the Senate for their con-
sideration and advice as to its ratification.
Your Excellency is doubtless aware that, under
the Constitution of the United States, "the advice
and consent of the Senate" is necessary t#the va-
lidity of all treaties, and that this must be given by.
a majority of two-thirds of the Senators present.
Every treaty must receive the sanction of this au-
gust executive council, in the manner prescribed
by the Constitution, before it can be binding on
the United States.
The Senate commenced their deliberations on
"this treaty on the 23d of February last, and con-
tinued to discuss its provisions until the 10th instant,
(March,) when they finally advised and consented
to its ratification, by a majority of thirty-eight to
fourteen. Your Excellency will perceive that a
change of four votes, taken from the majority and
added to the minority, would have defeated the
ueaty.
1 have now the honor to transmit you a printed
copy of the treaty, with a copy in manuscript of the
amendments and final proceedings of the Senate
upon it. This is done to hasten, with as little delay
as practicable, the blessed consummation of peace,
by placing in the possession of the Mexican Gov-
ernment, at as early a period as possible, all the
information which they may require to guide their
deliberations.
In recurring to the amendments adopted by the
Senate, it affords me sincere satisfaction to observe
that none of the leading features of the treaty have
been changed. Neither the delineation of the
boundaries between the two republics, nor the
consideration to be paid to Mexico for the exten-
sion of the boundaries of the United States, nor
"the obligations of the latter to restrain the Indians
within their limits from committing hostilities on
the territories of Mexico, nor indeed any other
stipulation of national importance to either of the
parties, has been stricken from the treaty by the
Senate, in all these important features it remains
substantially as it was when it came from the
hands of the negotiators.
The first amendment adopted by the Senate is
to insert in article 3, after the words "Mexican
Republic," where they fiist occur, the words ''and
the ratifications exchanged
Under this article, as it originally stood, the
blockades v/ere to cease, and the troops of the
United States were to commence the evacuation of
; the Mexican territory immediately upon the ratifi-
; cation of the treaty by both Governments. The
! amendment iequir.es, in addition, that these ratifi-
i cations shall have been first exchanged.
i The object of this amendment, doubtless, was to
! provide against the possibility that the American
| Senate and the Mexican Congiess might latify the
i treaty, the fiist in its amended, and the latter in
| its original form-, in which event, peace would not
j thereby be concludcd. Besides, it was known that
] this amendment could produce no delay, as under
! the amendment of the Senate to the 23d article, the
i ratifications of the treaty may be exchanged at the
I seat of Government of Mexico, the moment after
| the Mexican Govemmentand Congress shall have
i accepted the treaty as amended by the Senate of
! the United States.
| The second amendment of the Senate is to strike
' out the 9th article, and insert the following in lieu
thereof:
, " Aivr. 9. The Mexicans who, in the territones aforesaid,
I shall not preserve the chaiacter ot citizens ot the Mexican
i Republic, conformably with what is stipulated in the pie-
; ceding article, shall ue incoiporated into the Union oi the
I United States, and be admitted, at the propel time, (to be
i judged ot by the Congress ot the United States,) to the enjoy
; meiit ot all the rights of citizens ol the United States,<tc-
: cording to the pi met pies ot the Constitution; and m the mean
! tune --hall be maintained and pioteeted in the tiee enjoyment
; ot their hbeity and property, and secured in the tree exercise
! ot then religion, without re&triction."
! Thisaiticle is substantially the same with the
: oiigmal 9th aiticle; but it avoids unnecessary pro-
can, their mutual energies will be devoted to pro- a';d accOTds with the former safe F^edcmts
mote each other's welfare by the pursuits of peace of and Florida from
and of commerce. I mos cord.y congou ale , acquired Lou.iana^^ ^ ^
you on the cheering prospect. This will become ' &pt ... _... .
a reality as soon aa the Mexican Government shall i J*>03, contains the iojlowin^ a^ ^
approve the treaty'of peace between the two na-
tions concluded at Guadalupe Hidalgo on the 2d
February last, with the amendments thereto which
have been adopted by the Senate of the United
States.
The President, in the exercise of his constitu-
Art. 3. The inhabitants ot the ceded territory shall
be lneoipotated into the Union ot the United Stuu-s, an
admitted (u, soon as i.o«ible according to the pmic-tplt* of
the Fideial Constitution, to tile enjoyment ot nil the lights,
advantages, and immunities ot citizens ol the United Suites;
anil, in me mean time,they shall be maintained and protected
m the free enjoyment of their liberty, property, and the re.i-
gion which they profess."
