1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4W
popular excitement—before Heaven and my fellow-
men, I solemnly proclaim that this hostile move-
ment against the Administration, grounded upon
the protocol, originated not with Whigs, but with
Democrats-, (if I may indeed speak in the plural
number, the propriety of which I am inclined ex-
ceedingly to doubt.) This declaration may astound
some, and will no doubt be received with a feeling
of keen distress and mortification by the whole
Democratic party of the country; but as the fact is
indubitably true, in manner and form as I have
stated it to be—as it is a fact not possible to be
denied, or even seriously questioned—as it is a fact
provable, and without an atom of evidence to the
contrary, 1 have not felt at liberty to conccal itr
Jndeed, had I attempted to conceal it, it would not
have been possible for me to rest quietly in my
bed at night, or be capable hereafter of enjoying
the cheerful intercourse of social life at all. Had i
concealed such a fact f I should have felt myself guilty
of treachery to my party and the country, and de-
serving of punishment accordingly. Now, sir,' I
expect to be denounced in certaui vicinages for my
conduct on this occasion; I ei^ct to be reviled,
ridiculed, and caricatured; I cxpcct to make men
tny enemies who are not much prone to forgive,
and whose capacities for mischief are by no means
limited; I expect to he thanked but by few, and
commended by yet fewer; but the path of duty is
before me; and though stormy and cheerless it may
be, and beset, perchance, with manifold perils too,
I shall yet tread it firmly, and as regardless of con-
sequences as it is in my power to be.
I wilt presently go further and enter more dis-
tinctly into particulars. But I beg that Senators
will first take a view of some leading aircumstances
connected with this affair, quite well known to the
country. This Administration is now drawing to
• a close; in a few days the President and his cabi-
net will have disappeared from public view as
occupants of the high seats of executive power.
Four years have these personage's devoted of hard,
persevering, and, I dare to say, of patriotic toil, to
their country and their countrymen. They have
been successful—aye, eminently successful—in all
that they have undertaken. They have surpassed
their own promises, exceeded the public expecta-
tion, and established for themselves, jointly and
severally, the highest, and strongest, and almost 1
sacred claims to the gratitude and respect of the j
present generation and of all posterity. Through !
their agency great public principles have been vin- i
dicated and established on foundations as solid as :
It is possible for aught of mere human institution
to be. By their skillful management of the admin- ,
istrative concerns of this great Republic, domestic j
peace has been secured, and social happiness fos- ,
tered, under circumstances not a little trying and
perilous. The honor of the nation has been vindi- !
cated by the most successful and glorious war ever
prosccuted among civilized nations. Our territorial
borders have been extended to the shores of the Pa-
cific. Ourcommercial resources have been cherished
and dcvelopedso bounteously and so effectually that
we are on the eve of being recognised as the first
commercial nation in Christendom. All this, and
more, has been effected m four short years under j
circumstances most unpropitious, and in oppoai- j
tion to influences apparently most potential. The i
President and his Cabinet were about retiring to !
private life, and preparing quietly and decently to 1
surrender the reins of authority to others who j
have been called by the American people to sue- j
ceed them, when suddenly tins protocol makes its
appearance among grave legislators, and in some 'l
mysterious way becomes the basis of proceedings i
evidently designed to be productive of the most !;
serious consequences to all supposed to be con-
cerned, either remotely or nearly, in giving it ex- 'j
istence. A Democrat—(if I err in this, 1 trust to j
be corrected, but I think that nothing w«3 ever j
more certain)—a Democrat obtains, on special ap- jj
plication, from the Mexican Minister in this city, j!
a copy, or perhaps several copies of this protocol, i:
He brings it into this Hall—he goes without delay j
to a distinguished Whig Senator—hands it to him '
in the Spanish tongue, and explains its contents. :
This Whig Senator is the honorable^enator from ,
Delaware, who is recognized by the whole-public ]
as sustaining peculiar relations to the Adminis-
tration shortly to come into power. Immediate !
proceedings are instituted in the House of Repre- j
sentatives, based upon this same protocol; at the ;
instance of those thus supplied with the means of
annoying the national Executive by the Democratic
Senator before alluded to. • The Whig members
of this body are speedily advised as to all the par-
ticulars of this mysterious interview between the
Democratic Senator referred to and the honorable
Senator from Delaware; but the Democratic mem-
bers of the Senate are kept wholly in the dark upon
the subject, and they get their first information as
to this whole affair from the other end of the Cap-
itol.
What could this Democratic Senator intend by
acting as I have described him to have done? Did
he design only to perpetrate an innocent hoax
upon the honorable Senator from Delaware and
his political associates in this body? I wish I
could be satisfied that such was the fact, as the
sentiments of chagrin and resentment which I now
feel, and cannot avoid feeling, would be greatly
diminished by discovering such to be the fact.
Or did that Democratic Senator seriously design,
through the agency of the Senator from Delaware,
to cause an impeachment to be set on foot in the
House of Representatives, which he hoped might
result in the disgrace of the President, and of all
associated with him in the administration of the
governmental affairs? Did that Senator aim to im-
pose discredit upon our commissioners in Mexico,
one of whom yet survives to feel properly sensi-
tive to all that is calculated to affect his honor as
a man and as a public officer; and the other of
whom sleeps quietly in the grave, incapable now
of warding off the arrows of malevolent calum-
ny, or of vindicating his reputation against unde
served reproach'1 What teas his object? Who
can divine it? What were his motives5 Who
can state them5 What purposes personal to him-
self did he hold in view at the period of this
transaction? These are questions easy to pro-
pound; and if not difficult to answer, not proper
to be solved by any one but the person alluded to
himself. It is for him to decide whether he will
remain silent, or answer in explanation of his con-
duct. It is for him to determine either to treat
these suggestions with an assumed and politic con-
tempt, or by coming forward with a manly expla-
nation of his acts, claim to be justified before his
countrymen, and to stand undiscredited before the
civilized world. Who is that Senator? He is a
man of experience—of accomplishments—of great
weight of character—of extended influence—con-
nected for more than thirty years past with the
public history of the country—associated, in times
i past, with heroes and statesmen, who have im-
| parted imperishable lustre to their a^e and nation,
: and whose deeus of high renown have won for
i them the eternal gratitude of their countrymen,
j This Senator is now stricken in years, and cannot
J expect, according to the course of nature, much
j longer to remain an active participant in the man-
| agement of public affairs. He is one to whom the
Democratic party owe much, but who owes much
more to the Democratic party. He is a man to
whom this Administration has, at one time, de-
ferred more than to any other man in the Repub-
lic; and to conciliate and to advance whom rtrore
anxiety was at one time displayed than was quite
agreeable to all, even of the truest and warmest
supporters of the President in different parts of the
Confederacy. He is—who is he? Where is he?
What is her How call you his name?
Who could but laush, if such r\ inan there be ?
Who would not weep, '1 Atticcs [pointing to Mi\ Ben-
• ton] were he?
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. "President, I would in-
quire what is the motion before the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Mississippi,
to print twenty thousand copies of the message
and documents.
j\*lr. CLAYTON. Would it now be in order
for me to move, as an amendment to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Mississippi, that the
original treaty with Mexico, signed by Mr. Trist,
together with the amendments made therein by
the Senate of the United States, be printed with
the message of the President and the documents?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Such a motion
will be in order.
Mr. CLAYTON. Then I will move that amend-
ment. I have no objection to the printing of twenty
thousand copies of the message, but I think that
fairness and justice demand that all the documents
connected with the subject should be printed with Jj
it, in order that the people of the country may
have all the facts of the case before them, s"
Mr. FOOTE. I have not the slightest objection
to the Senator's amendment, but witf accept it with
great pleasure. I also am anxious that all the ma-
terial facts connected with this subject shouW be
placed before the people; and if the honorable
Senator from Delaware has any further suggestions
to make that will aid in the accomplishment of that
object, I shall be most happy to hear and adopt
them.
Mr. CLAYTON. I have nothing further to
suggest. And, Mr. President, I should not have
risen to say one word in reply to the allusions
made to me by the honorable Senator from Mis-
sissippi were it not for a misunderstanding on
his part. However, since it appears to be incum-
bent on me to say something in explanation, 1 will
remark that this protocol was communicated to me
several days ago, and that it was communicated to
several *other Senators at the same time. There
was no secrecy about it. Every member of this
body h%d an opportunity to examine it. It was
not communicated to Whigs alone, but to all the
members of the Senate. It was placed in the pos-
session of Democrats as well as of Whigs. All
Senators had an opportunity to examine it.
Mr. FOOTE. The honorable Senator from Del-
aware may rest assured that he is in en or on this
point. Senators all around me disavow all knowl-
edge of the matter till within a very recent date. I
would ask the honorable Senator if he communi-
cated to me the fact that this document was in ex-
istence?
Mr. CLAYTON. No, sir. The protocol wa 
shown to me by another gentleman. It was shown
to all the members. 
Mr. FOOTE, (interposing.) It was not shown
to me. The Senator, I must insist, is mistaken on
this point; and I say it with great respect. My
friends all aro.und me avow their entire want of
knowledge as to this protocol until it was made
the basis of hostile proceedings against the Admin-
istration.
Mr. CLAYTON. The Senator is certainly in
error. There are half a dozen Senators sitting
immediately behind and around him most of who'm
knew all about this protocol quite as soon as I did
—some of them earlier. I do not intend, however,
to discuss the question raised by the honorable
Senator from Mississippi, nor shall I censure any
one for entering upon that discussion, by any
means; but, for my own part, I feel that it would
be improper for me now to enter into any discus-
sion as to whether this protocol differs from or has
invalidated the amendments made to the late treaty
with Mexico by the Senate of the United States,
or whether the conduct of the President in relation
to this matter is justifiable or not. These are ques-
tions, I say, which I do not intend now to discuss,
because I do not feel at iiberty to do so. As a
member of the Senate of the United States, whose
words—though one of the humblest members here
—may be hereafter quoted by the party with whom
the treaty was contracted; as one of the humblest
members of this body, forming a component part
of the treaty-making power, I do not propose to
say one word that can be borne from this Cham-
ber. If 1 had anything to say, I should offer
to my brother Senators in Executive session only.
My only object in rising was to make the expla-
nation which I have given, and to move the amend-
ment that I have offered. I am perfectly wiping
that twenty thousand copies of the document should
be printed. I am not particular as to the number,
except that I desire the whole subject to be fairly
laid before the country.
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President, I regret that the
houorable Senator from Delaware seems so un-
willing; to yield the impression that the piotocol
was submitted,to this .side of the Chamber. As
a member of this body, and at the instance of
honorable Senators around me, I have felt it to he
my duty to assert, m language of grief and lament-
ation, not of denunciation, that it was not so sub-
mitted. I can assure gentlemen that, fco far as I
am informed, it was not submitted to members on
this side of the Chamber.
Several Senators. It was! it was!
Mi'- FOOTE. Then it has been submitted to
more than I had supposed. I understood that it
was submitted to Whig Senators, but I knew not
that it had been submitted to a single Democrat on
this floor. If it was so generally communicated, it
