50%
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 10,
made by that Government. It was highly proper
that the commissioners should explain what was
intended, and how far our laws would sustain the
titles to land in the Territories that had been given.
The protocol undertakes to do this. It lays down
the principles oflaw which govern such cases. If
the language o.f the protocol on this point were in-
serted in the treaty, and made apart of it, it would
not, 1 contend, make the slightest difference in re-
gard to the grants made by Mexico-. We take
our title by treaty, not by conquest; and oar courts
■would sustain valid grants, whether the treaty al-
luded to the subject or not. I will read merely
this portion of the protocol:
"3d. The American Government, by suppressing the
tenth article of the treaty of Guadalupe, did not, in any
way, intend to annul the grants of'Iands made by Mexico in
the ccdcd teriilories. These grant?, notwithstanding the
suppression of this aitieleof the treaty, preserve the legal
value which Ihey mav possess, and the arantees may cause
their legitimate titles to be acknowledged before the Ameri-
can tribunals. s
"Confoimably to the law of the United States, legitimate
titles to every description of propeuy, personal and teal, ex-
isting in the ceded territories, are those which were legiti-
mate titles under the Mexican law in California and New
Mexico, up to the 13th of May, 1846, and in Texas up to the
2d of Maich, 1836."
Mr. CLAYTON. Does the honorable Senator
propose to go into a discussion of the whole sub-
ject, whether the protocol is in accordance with
the treaty or not, upon a mere motion to print
these papers ?
Mr. BRADBURY. I do not propose to go into
a general discussion of this.subject; not at all. 1
adverted to it for a moment for the purpose of
showing the character of this protocol; that it
seems to have been misapprehended, and that it is
a paper which ought to be spread before the public.
It will be seen that it does not nullify the amend-
ments made by the Senate.
Mr. BADGER. Will the Senator from.Maine
allow me to make a suggestion? Unless it is the
wish of the Senate, at this particular stage of the
question, to go into the debate of the whole sub-
ject, I should consider any discussion upon the
treaty or any part of it as entirely out of order. I
would suggest to the Senator that the proper time
for debate will came after this shall have been
referred to a committee and reported upon to the
Senate.
Mr. CLAYTON-. I merely desire to make
another suggestion, which is, that any public dis-
cussion upon this matter may perhaps seriously
embarrass us hereafter. I make this suggestion in
a friendly spirit., I think that the Senator himself
will see upon reflection that it is very improper for
us, a part of the treaty-making power of this Gov-
ernment, to publish to the whole world in advance
what we think upon this matter. 1 hope the Sen-
atorwillforbearany discussion upon the main ques-
tion upon the mere motion to print.
Mr.FOOTE. Will the Senator from Maine allow
me a moment? Several Senators on the other side
of the Chamber seem to understand me as having
been inclined to cast censure upon them in connec-
tion with this proceeding; and m justice to them,
therefore, I feel bound in frankness to confess that,
receiving the information upon which they have
acted in so imposing a manner and from a high'
Democratic source, it would have been almost im-
possible for them to have done less than they have
done in the prosecution of this inquiry.
Mr. BRADBURY.' I do not propose to go fully
into this question. I am merely speaking of 
Mr. MANGUM. I rise to a question of order,
and I desire to have the opinion <5f the Chair as to
whether it is right to go into the merits of the ques-
tion at all upon a mere motion to print—whether
it is right to discuss any question other than that
presented by the motion to print.
VICE PRESIDENT. «The Presiding Officer
understands the remarks of the Senator from
Maine as being intended to show the expediency
of publishing twenty thousand copies of the docu-
ment. If the Chair is right in this, the Senator is
in order.
Mr. MANGUM. I shall, though with great
reluctance, if the Senator persists, be compelled to
appeal from the decision of the Chair. I will in-
quire, does the Senator intend to persist in discuss-
ing the question ?
Mr. BRADBURY. It was my purpose to make
only a very few remarks. Inasmuch as the hon-
orable Senator from North Carolina has thought
proper to present to me the alternative that, unless
1 will stop now, he will appeal from the decision
of the Chair that I was proceeding in order, I will
respectfully submit that the Senator take hisap'peal.
Mr. MANGUM. I appeal, then, from the de-
cision of the Chair.
Mr. RADGER. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the appeal.
Mr. HALE. Will the Chair state what the
point of order is ?
PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from
Maine has been called to order for irrelevancy.
Mr. BUTLER, How am I to vote upon the
appeal, seeing that I have not heard the speech
which is said to be irrelevant?
Mr. HALE. I believe that debate upon She
appeal will be in order.
PRESIDING OFFICER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. HALE. I understand that the practice of
the Senate has been the other way.
PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will be
very much inclined to pursue what has heretofore
been the practice, but he understands the rule of
the Senate to be that debate is not admissible.
Mr. BERRIEN. The practice has been fol-
lowed in this Chamber very frequently. And not
only here, but in both branches of the National
Legislatures question of appeal is always open for
debate. It would be requiring too much from Sen-
ators that they should answer affirmatively or neg-
atively upon the question without an opportunity
of hearing discussion. Many Senators, it may be,
are in the situation of the Senator from South Car-
olina, of not having heard the speech.
Mr. BUTLER. Of course, I am not able to
tell whether it was relevant or not.
Mr. BERRIEN. Certainly not.
Mr. WESTCOTT. I will call the attention of
the Chair to the fact, that, it was the practice du-
ring the last session to debate an appeal.
The PRESIDING OFFICER read the rule re-
lating to the subject.
Mr. BERRIEN. That is it. The decision of
the .President must be given without debate, but
it does not appear that the appeal shall not be de-
bated.
Mr. MANGUM. I took the appeal with very
great reluctance.
Mr. HALE. I have not yielded the floor.
Mr. MANGUM, (continuing.) In what condi-
tion are we exhibiting ourselves before the public?
Mr. BUTLER. I move that the Senate now
adjourn.
PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from
North Carolina has the floor.
Mr. BUTLER. I hope the Senator will give
way for an adjournment.
Mr. MANGUM. In what condition, I say,are
wc exhibiting ourselves? A message is received
from the President of the United States, in pursu-
ance of a resolulion adopted by the Senate. It
comes here, and before it has been read to the body,
and, as I suppose, before a single Senator has read
the document, we are to take it up and debate all
the important propositions that it contains; and this
upon a motion to print a certain number of copies.
Sir, if such be the sense of the Senate, I am willing
to acquiesce, arid beg leave to withdraw the appeal.
Mr. HALE. As 1 have the floor, I believe the
Senator has no right to withdraw the appeal with-
out leave of the Senate.
PRESIDING OFFICER. Shall the Senator
from North Carolina have leave to withdraw the
appeal ?
Leave was granted.
PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from
Maine has the floor.
Mr. HAJL.E. I understood the Senator from
North Carolina as renewing, not withdrawing the
appeal.
Mr. YULEE. Will the Senator give way for
a motion to adjourn ?
Mr. HALE. I cannot consent to give way; but
I will myself move an adjournment.
The question being put, it was, upon a division,
decided m the affirmative: Ayes 25, noes 23.
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 10, 1849.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. STANTON rose (he said) to a privileged
question.
THE CHEROKEES.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Aransas, asked leave, at
this time, to present the memorial of the Cherokee
nation.
No objection having been made, the memorial
was received, and, on motion of Mr. JOHNSON,
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
THE MEXICAN TREATY.
Mr. STANTON rose, and .said that he would
now call up the motion which he had made on a
former day, to reconsider the vote by which the
message of the President of the United States, irj
answer to a, resolution of this House concerning
the treaty with Mexico, had been laid upon the
table.
Mr. VENABLE asked the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Stanton] to suspend his motion so as
to permit the committees to be called for reports.
There were, he was understood to say, a number
of reports which the-committees desired to make.
The SPEAKER said he would state, for the
information of both gentlemen, [Messrs. Venaelf,
and Stanton,] that this was private bill day, and
that, strictly speaking, neither of the motions
was now in order. The motion made by the gen-
tleman from Tenjjgssee [Mr. Stanton] to recon-
sider the vote by which the President's message
had been laid on the table, would go over regu-
larly until public business was in order. But if
' no motion was made to go into Committee of the
Whole on the private calendar, nor to proceed to
the consideration of private business on the Speak-
er's table, the motion to reconsider would be en-
j teitained.
! Mr. WICK moved that the House proceed to
; the consideration of private business on the Speak-
| er's table.
! And the House proceeded thereto.
| OAVID MTER1E.
j The SPEAKER slated that the bill first in order
j was the bill for the relief of David Myerle.
! The pending question was on the motion hereto-
fore made, that the bill be laid upon the table. -
Mr. DANIEL asked the yeas and nays>; which
were ordered.
Mr. KAUFMAN called for the reading of the
bill; which was accordingly read.
And the question, "Shall the bill be laid upoi*
j the table?" was then taken, and decided in the
affirmative—yeas 95, nays 71.
So the bill, was laid on the table.
Mr. GOGGIN moved a reconsideration of the
vote, and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
Which latter motion having prevailed, it wa3
ordered accordingly.
REPRESENTATIVES OF W. A. SLACUM.
The bill next m order was the Senate bill for the
relief of the personal representatives of William A.
Slacum, which had been passed by the House,
with an amendment, and which came from the
Senate with the amendment noneoncurred in.
RATES OF POSTAGE.
Mr. GOGGIN rose to a point of order. It
would be recollected, he said, that the bill to re-
duce the rates of postage, which had been made
the special order of the day for the first Wednes-
day in January, did not except Fridays and Sat-
urdays, but that it was made the special order for
the day specified and for every subsequent day
until it should be finally disposed of. He sub-
mitted to the Chair whether it was in order to take
up these private bills until the postage bill had
been disposed of.
The SPEAKER said that the bill to which the
gentleman referred was in Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, with which the Speaker
had nothing to do.
Mr. GOGGIN desired, he said, to move that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, for the purpose
of proceeding to the consideration of the said bill.
The SPEAKER said, that motion was in order.
Mr. GOGGIN said he had a substitute he in-
tended to offer to the original bill, which he held
in his hand. If the bill was not taken up, he would
place it in the hands of the reporter, that the House
might see the measure he proposed as a substitute.
Strike out the whole of bill 653, as originally
reported, and substitute this:
A BILL to reduce the rates of postage on letters and news-
papers, to establish uniform postal charges, and to restrain
the use of the franking privilege. •
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of neprejeMivej of
the United States of.America in Congress assembled. That lion
and after the fiist day of July next, on all letters 0^"
