506
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 12,
The committee next propose to strike out from
the item for the purchase of a building to be used
for holding the courts of the United States, post
office, and custom-house at Portland, in the State
of Maine, the words, "to be used for holding the
courts of the United States, post office,'* and insert
"for a."
The committee do not desire to set up the pre-
cedent of building post offices and court-houses at
the expense of the General Government. It never
has been done by this Government before. If this
building is larger than is required for a custom-
house, an arrangement can be made with the prop-
er department for the use of a portion of the build-
ing for a court-house and post office.
A further amendment proposed by the commit-
tee is to insert the words, "for continuing the
construction of the custom-house in the city of
jNew Orleans, $150,000."
The next amendment is to strike out the proviso
to the item for the payment of the commissions of
superintendents of light-houses, which is in these
words:
Provided^ That no part of the sum hereby appropriated
shall be paid to any person who receives a salary as an
officer of thPcu«:tom^ exceeding $1,500 per annum; and from
and after the Jst day of Julv,~ 1849, the said disbursement
shall be made by the collectors of the customs, who shall
also discharge the duty of superintendents ;
And insert as follows:
And the proviso contained in the act making appropria-
tions for the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending the 30th day of June, 1849, and for
other purpost-.s, approved August 12th, 1843, winch proviso
is in the following words: Provided, That no part of the
sum hereby appropriated shall be paid to any person who
receives a salary as an officer of ^he customs; and hom arid
after the 1st day of July, 1849, the said disbursement shall
be made by the collectors of the customs without compen-
sation, is hereby repealed.
The amendment of the committee, as I have
said, is to strike out that proviso, and also to repeal
a similar provision which was inserted in the ap-
propriation bill of last year. The reasons that
governed the committee in making this recom-
mendation arose from a letter from the Auditor
who has charge of the light-houses, which letter I
will send to the Clerk to be read.
The letter was read by the Secretary accord-
ingly.
Mr. ATHERTON. The next amendment is
to insert a provision for the payment to be made
to Mexico, according to the stipulations of our
treaty with that Republic, as follows:
For payment to be made to Mexico, within the current
fiscal year, under the twelfth article of the treaty of the 2d
February, 1848, including interest, $3,720,000."
This amendment explains itself.
The next amendment is to strike out "three'
and insert " five" in the item for compensation to
the consuls at the five Chinese ports.
This was a mere clencaLmistake; the sum hav-
ing been originally intended to be " five thousand,"
instead of 11 three thousand.','
The next amendment is in these words: "And
for office-rent from June 30, 1845, to the close of
the current fiscal year, $400." To be added to the
item of $100 for office-rent of the consul at Basle, in
Switzerland.
This case, as made out' before the committee,
was one of great hardship on the part of the consul.
He had received no allowance for office-rent for
three years preceding this, and the committee
thought him entitled to a remuneration for what
he has paid during that time.
The question was then stated to be on the adop-
tion of the various amendments proposed by the
committee.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I wish that the
question on the second amendment may be taken
by itself. I have no objection to all the other
amendments being adopted together.
Mr. DOWNS. Mr. President, I presume that
if these amendments be adopted now, they will not
be subject to amendment afterwards.
PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator is cor-
rect.
Mr. DOWNS. There is one amendment which
I wish to amend. It is the amendment appropri-
ating one hundred and fifty thousand dollars for
the construction of a custom-house at New Or-
leans. The Secretary of the Treasury thinks it
will require a larger amount, and this calculation
is based upon estimates furnished to him, from
reliable sources. My amendment, therefore, will
be to increase the amount proposed in the appro-
priation. There is a communication, I believe,- on
the subject, from the Secretary of the Treasury,
which.! will ask to have read.
[The letter of the Secretary was read accord-
ingly. It contained an estimate of the probable
expenses of the construction of the custom-house,
furnished by an engineer detailed for that purpose.
The expense, it appeared, would amount to two
hundred and twenty-nine thousand eight hundred
and thirty-eight dollars and fifty-six cents.]
Mr. DOWNS. Mr. President, this is a very
important work. The lot on which the custom-
house is to be erected was given to the United
States by the city of New Orleans for that purpose.
It is a large lot, embracing a whole square, three
hundred and sixty feet in extent. The building
was commenced on a very extensive scale, and
materials obtained for carrying it on. So import-
ant has the work been considered, that a distin-
guished engineer was detailed for the purpose of
superintending it. The work is now in progress,
and these estimates are based on what is abso-
lutely necessary for its prosecution. It is evident
that it is important that so great a work should not
be delayed; and it is equally evident that, without
the necessary funds, delay must ensue. There is
not a very great difference between the estimates
made by the engineer and the Secretary of the
Treasury and those made by the Committee on
Finance. 1 hope therefore that, as this is a very
important matter, the full amount required, ac-
cording to the estimate of the engineer and the
Secretary of the Treasury, will be appropriated.
1 will state to the Senate that the reason why no
provision for the construction of this custom-house
at New Orleans was embraced in the bill passed
by the House of Representatives, was because the
engineer did not arrive here in time to furnish the
Secretary of the Treasury with the proper esti-
mates, so as to enable the Secretary to lay the mat-
ter before the committee of the House. The amend-
ment proposed by the Committee on Finance is
" for continuing the construction of the custom-
house at New Orleans, one hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars." I propose to amend that amend-
ment by inserting, ill the place of " one hundred
and fifty thousand dollars," the amount recom-
mended by the Secretary of the Treasury, viz: two
hundred and twenty-nine thousand eight hundred
and Unity-eight dollars and ninety-six cents.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurring on all the amendments
proposed by the Committee on Finance, except the
one referred to by Mr. Hale, they were adopted.
FLOGGING IN THE NAVY.
The question then recurred on the second amend-
ment, to stiike out the proviso abolishing floggnfg
in the navy.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I wish to call the
attention of the chairman of the committee, [Mr.
Atiieuton,] who reported this amendment, to the
history of our legislation upon this subject at the
last session. I understand the argument of my
honorable colleague does not go to the merits of this
question, but merely to the place in which it ap-
pears; that it is not germane to an appropriation
bill. I find, sir, by reference to chapter 13] of j
the laws making appropriations for the naval ser- !
vice for the year ending June 30, 1849, that, at !
the last session, Congress did take this matter
into consideration in that appropriation bill, and j
enacted, in the eighth section of that bill, that ;
the Secretary of the Navy shall report at the I
commencement of this present session u the num- I
' ber of persons flogged in each of the years 1846
' and 1847, specifying the name of the ship, of-
' fence, sentence, and the number of lashes in-
1 flieted, and it shall be his duty to make a similar
' report every year thereafter;" so that, so far as
the matter being appropriate to this bill is con-
cerned, we have the precedent of the last session
showing that it is appropriate to be inserted in an \
appropriation bill. It was done last year, and '
passed both Houses of Congress, and Mr. Polk, [
who exercises a great deal of scrutiny over our j
legislation here, and interposes a veto whenever he j
conceives that anything improper has been done I
by us, gave it his sanction. So that the highest j
authority has decided that this is a proper place to ,
insert provisions of this sort. I do not want to j
find any fault with the present Secretary of the 11
Navy, but 1 mention it as a misfortune that, al- !j
though the regulation to which I have referred 'j
required him. to submit his report in relation to l|
flogging m our navy at the commencement of this
session, it was not submitted till after two-thirds
of the session had rolled away. By application at
the office of the Secretary of the Senate, 1 learn
that this report was received a few days ago, and
had been sent to the public printers, and I pre-
sume that in the common fourse of business it will
not be received here till some few days after the
adjournment. That will be all the information we
shall get under the act of the last session.
The House of Representatives have acted upon
this subject—I do not know how long ago, but
certainly as long as six sessions since. Duri&
the first session of the twenty-eighth Congress, the
House of Representatives, by a very decided vote
inserted a provision of this character in one of the
appropriation bills. It came up in the Senate, and
the Senate non-concurred. The House insisted,
and it was not until after a conference between the
two Houses that the House consented to recede
from their position. I do not know how many
times since this matter has been acted upon by the
House. It failed to be inserted in the appropria-
tion bill at the last session, and I moved it here
myself without its coming from the House. The
honorable Senator from Florida [Mr. Yui.ee] was
pleased to say, the other day, that I made a very
elaborate speech on that occasion; but the fact was,
the subject came up at. the very close of the ses-
sion, when members were necessarily impatientat
any delay in legislation, and more impatient at any-
body who undertook to make any suggestions at
that stage of the bill. My remarks were, there-
fore, necessarily brief on that occasion; but, had I
felt disposed to entertain the Senate with a speech
at that time, I know of no subject on which my
poor abilities could have been better employed.
For myself, I look upon this as one of the most
important questions that can possibly come before
Congress. I look upon it as one vital to our char-
acter for humanity and civilization, and I hope that
the Senate will not, on the mere pSint that this is
not the appropriate place for the introduction of the
question, further oppose the legislation of the House
upon this important matter.
But, sir, I do not propose to go into the discus-
sion of the merits of this question at ail. I simply
wish to vindicate the propriety of inserting it in
this bill. If the Senate will give me the yeas and
nays on the question, I will be content with getting
the subject intelligibly before the Senate, and re-
lieve the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs [Mr. Yulee] from an elaborate speech upon
it at this time.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I concur en-
tirely in what fell from the honorable Senator at
the head of the Committee on Finance, [Mr. Ath-
erton,] as to the impropriety of the introduction
of this provision into this bill, and the special im-
propriety of the particular manner in which it is
introduced, and the particular effect which must
result from it if it be retained. In the first place,
however, I would remark that I do not concur in
the views taken by the honorable Senator from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] that this particular
species of punishment ought to be abolished. I
am one of those who very strongly doubt whether
this species of punishment can be discontinued in
the service without destroying all means of keeping
up a wholesome discipline there, unless "the gen-
tleman will rewrite the laws regulating the Navy
Department in blood, and inflict the penalty of
death for rpinor offences. I look upon the move-
ment as the result of a mistaken philanthropy, and
believe that not only every officer in the service
will give a decided disapprobation to the proposed
measure, but I have reason to believe that a very
large proportion of the seamen—and that propor-
tion embracing all the good men in the service—
would feel that a wrong was done to them if this
species of control were withheld from the com-
manding officers of the navy. They know, what
the honorable Senator from New Hampshire [Mr.
Hale] has not had an opportunity of knowing,
that if this power were to be abolished, there are
many men in the naval service who would feel
perfectly willing, some who would be gratified at
the idea of passing the larger portion of a cruise
in confinement, if thereby they could be saved
from performing the labor which is required, and
discharging the duties which are imposed on
others.
But I do not propose to go into that subject.
Admit, for the purpose of this discussion, that ths
