1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
507
Senator from New Hampshire is right; admit that
every law which authorizes the infliction of corpo-
ral punishment upon the sailor or person in the
naval service of the United States ought to be re-
pealed; assume that, and how can this amendment
be supported? Laying asidfethe question of place;
laying aside the violation of common order in pro-
ceeding, in virtue of which this question is to be
decided, without any examination by an appro-
priate committee of this body; laying aside the
difficulty that no opportunity has been had by the
Senate, through their committee or otherwise, to
acquire information from the proper department, ;
to learn v/hat is to be the actual and practical effect j
of this change of discipline, of abolishing this !
species of punishment which has been in the naval j
service ever since it was established; laying aside i
all these objections, what does this amendment !
propose? Does it repeal any law authorizing the ;
infliction of this punishment? No, sir. Does it
propose to repeal any ? Not at all. It leaves every
law in full force; so that, supposing the bill to pass
with this clause in it, an officer would have lawful
authority to inflict this punishment; and, accord-
ing to the existing law, he would not be liable m
an action as a person who had assumed jurisdic-
tion not conferred upon him.
As the law stands, the punishment of flogging
may be lawfally inflicted. And what is to be the
effect of retaining this proviso in the bill ? That if
the Secretary of the Navy does not issue an order
to prevent this law from being carried into effect
during the time covered by this appropriation bill,
he shall lose his salary. But that is not all the
admirable justice and propriety of this proviso.
Every clerk in the office of the Secretary of the
Navy is to lose his compensation, if the Secretary
does not issue an order to prohibit the punishment
of whipping in the navy.
Mr. HALE,(interposing.) I would ask the hon-
orable Senator where he finds that?
Mr. BADGER. In the proviso at the end of
the clause making an appropriation for the com-
pensation of the Secretary of the Navy and the
clerks and officers in his department; it reads:
" Provided, That it shall be, and hereby is, made tlie duty
of the Secretary of the Navy foitlnviih to publish on otder
to abolish the practice of whipping in the navy."
It is an .appropriation, then, to pay all those
officers upon a certain condition, and if the condi-
tion is not perforn^d, none of them are to be paid
at all. Well now, sir, what a spectacle would be
presented if such a pi ovision should meet the ap-
probation of the American Congress? What would
be the result of its adoption ? Why, sir, the very
moment this appropriation bill expires, there is
not even a condition which requires that the Sec-
retary of the Navy shall prohibit the execution of
the law. As it now stands, the law declares that
this power shall be possessed, and, therefore, de-
clares that there may be cases in which it is right
and just to exercise this power. But what is this
proviso? That, if the Secretary of the Navy, the
law remaining in full force, will issue an order to
prevent the execution of the law, he shall receive
his pay; otherwise he shall not; and if he does not
do it, all the subordinates in his office shall forfeit
their pay also, although they have no more power
over the subject than the sailors who are flogged,
and for whom sympathy is sought to be excited, j
Why, sir, m my judgment, we might just as i
well putin a proviso that, if the Secretary of the ,
Navy sent no ship to the Mediterranean until the
expiration of the appropriation bill, he should 1
receive his pay; otherwise, he should not, and all ,
the clerks in his office should forfeit their pay. For
aught I know, it may be worthy of grave consider- 1
ation whether this punishment in the navy ought •
to be abolished. But this I know; it is making
a most important chance in the discipline of that !
service; it is a change which no man should make 1
without the most careful examination; it is a sub- !
ject of such deep importance that it admits of no ,
hasty or inconsiderate legislation. We had better '
inconsiderately appropriate twenty millions of dol- ;
lars to purposes of wild extravagance; we had better ■
misapply twenty millions of dollars in any way
than hastily and inconsiderately set aside the prac- ;
tice and experience of the Government, go against
the views of all those who have had the best op-
portunity of forming a correct judgment, and there-
by, pei haps, find that we have destroyed the power
of this right arm of the national defence. At all
events, surely, it cannot, I think, be a grave ques- i
tion that this amendment is out of place; that it is
inconsistent and absurd, because it leaves laws in
force, and then offers a premium to the Secretary
gf the Navy to prevent their execution; and because
it is grossly unjust; because it visits upon the subor-
dinates in his office the forfeiture of their compen-
sation if he does not do what the proviso calls upon
him to do.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, in order to obvi-
ate the matter of form suggested by the honorable
Senator from North Carolina, I propose to amend
the amendment by striking out the proviso, and
amend by adding the following: "And all laws
and parts of laws heretofore passed authorizing the
execution of corporal punishment in the naval ser-
vice of the United States be, and the same are here-
by repealed."
Mr. BADGER. The first question arises on
the striking out.
Mr. YULEE. Mr. President, I presume the
first question will be on the motion to strike out.
PRESIDING OFFICER. The first question
will be on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. YULEE. The amendment proposed by
the honorable Senator from New Hampshire is to
strike out. It does not propose to add anything,
because there is nothing which can be added if the
proviso be stricken out.
PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion of the
Senator from New Hampshire is to strike out, and
then to amend that amendment by inserting the
following:
And all laws and parts of laws heretofore passed autho-
rizing tlir1 infliction of corporal punishment in the naval ser-
vice,of the United States behind the same are hereby, re-
pealed.
Mr. YULEE. Then I have a right to claim a
division of the question.
PRESIDING OFFICER. Not according to the
rules of the Senate.
Mr. BADGER. Do I understand the Chair to
say tnat a motion being made to 
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I have not yielded
the floor.
PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from
New Hampshire has the floor.
Mr. BADGER. I wish only to suggest a point
of order.
PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from
New Hampshire has the floor.
Mr. HALE. Mr. Piesident, I.suppose there
can be no question, according to our rules, as to
the point of order. I move to amend by striking
out, and adding. Nov/, according to the rules of
the Senate, a motion to strike out and insert can-
not be divided, so that the fust question will be on
the amendment proposed by me, and that is, to
repeal all laws authorizing the infliction of corpo-
ral punishment in the naval service of the United
States.
And now let me say one word to my honorable
friend from North Carolina, who conies up on this
occasion with an argument with which every re-
form that has ever been suggested since the fall of
Adam has always been met; that is, " that the
abuse proposed to be remedied is an old one, sanc-
tioned by time, hoary-headed, covered with the
cobwebs of age." Why, sir, that is an argument
that would have defended every abuse that ever
has been reformed, or ever can be reformed; and if
the argument is good m this cage, it will be good
in resisting every improvement that the race may
make, in its future progress, to the end of time. ^ I
confess, for one, that I have so little leverence in
my nature for anything human, that when a thing,
a custom, an institution, or especially an abuse,
comes forward with nothing but age to recommend
it, I do not feel deterred at all from inquiring into
its merits.
Now, sir, one word as to the merits of this mat-
ter. I do not want to go into the details, into the
operation of this practice, but an expression fell
from the honorable Senator from North Carolina
in this connection which demands apassing notice.
He says, that unless we wish to rewrite our naval
laws, and write them in letters of blood, we must
preserve this relic of barbarism and barbarity upon
our statute-book. Sir, if the reports which have
been made to us officially, upon the very slight in-
formation which we have obtained by the inquiries
that have heretofore been made, be true, and if the
punishments inflicted according to these reports be
true, and be an average of the punishment thus
inflicted on board of naval vessels €of the United
States, our history is written in bjood", and there
is a stream of living blood running from the back
of the American sailor from the first day of Janu-
ary to the last day of December; and if that is not
writing in blood, I do not know what the Senator
will ask.
Sir, the exercise of this power has been carried
further. Under the exercise of this power, this
discretion, or, as I should deem it, indiscretion, it
is a matter of history that the world knows, that
within a very shoit time this punishment has been
exercised even to the taking of life—the life of
American sailors—without even the naked form
of a trial. That, sir, is a matter of history; and
more than one, two. or three lives have been sacri-
ficed by it. I confess, that proud as I am ot the
jj glory which attaches to the American navy, if the
.1 history of what lias been perpetrated under this
arbitrary power could be blotted out of existence—
if the waves of oblivion could cover it all, so that
no human memory could ever recollect the abuses
of it—I would be glad to exchange all" the glory-
that our gallant tars have ever won; yes, sir, I
would give it all up, proud of it as I am, if we
could only be^in anew and blot out that bloody
record of legalized brutality-from the past. These
are the feelings which I entertain on this subject.
I suppose that when the founder of the great State
of Pennsylvania—and I hope that I shall have the
votes of the Senators from that State on this occa-
sion—first made the experiment of going armed
with nothing but the panoply of brotherly love to
deal with the aborigines of this country; I suppose
when that was first proposed to the mother Power,
and to those accustomed to the ancient usages of
the British realm, they laughed to scorn the idea
that even savages could be approached in any
mode or manner except with weapons of war and
instruments of destruction.
But, sir, the experiment was tried, and it suc-
ceeded—succceded, probabiy, beyond the most
i sanguine hopes of its friends, or at least beyond
i the most sanguine expectations of him who made
j the experiment. Yes, sir, that experiment sue-
j ceeded, and even the uncivilized savage of the
! wilderness, it was found, possessed not a nature so
i wild, fco obdurate, so savage as to be unimpressi-
1 ble when approached and treated as a man, treated
; with kindness and with justice. Thus it has ever
j been. Such has been the result of all like experi-
i ments. Why is it, then, that this class, who have
i done so much to bring glory on the American
i name and on the American flag; why should they,
i, poetically termed " the sons of the battle and tne
i j breeze,'' who have carried the fame of our prowess
to the remotest shores of the ocean, and protected
! j the pursuits of honest commerce on every sea;
why is it that this class of citizens^proverbially
; generous, and generous to a fault,, should be the
i only class, even of convicts, that are subjected to
I this huttiiliating, debasing, and degrading punish-
\ ment? .Why is it that when, in most of the States
of our Union, the meanest felons that are to be
found in the catalogue of crime, are not subject to
this degrading punishment; why is it, I say, that
when humanity interposes and prevents them from
being subjected to the degradation of the lash; why
is it that when this biutal and brutalizing punish-
ment has been abolished in the army, when it has
been abolished almost all over the land; why is it,
I suy, that this class of citizens, so eminently con-
nected with all that is rich in the fame of our coun-
try should be left exposed to this remnant of bar-
barity'
Sir, let us try the experiment. We have tried
what the lash will do; we have tried what brutal-
izing the sailor will do; we have tried what degra-
dation will do; and now let us, m the name of a
common humanity, appeal to these generous tais
and see if there be any human nature in- their
hearts; let us see if they do not possess some of
the elements of a high, generous, and noble char-
acter, that wc may enlist in our behalf and call to
our aid for the establishment of a wholesome dis-
cipline in what the Senator from North Carolina
has so well termed the right arm of our national
defence. Why is it, sir, that, while humanity is
lifting up her voice, and that successfully, too, for
every other class of the unfortunate and oppressed,
the sailor alone shall be left to have the finger of
scorn pointed at him forever, as the only man, as
the only creature that walks erect with the image
of God upon his countenance, that is still subjected
to this degradation ?
