508
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 12,
Sir, I do ask the honorable Senator from North
Carolina and the honorable Senate to look at this
subject in its broad aspects of humanity. I deny,
utterly deny, the assertion which has been put forth
that the sailors, as a class, desire this degradation.
It has been my fortune to have known some sailors.
It has been my fortune to have heard recitations
from some of them of what they have seen and felt,
and my heart has recoiled with horror from the
very mention of the infliction of such punishment.
I know how they feel. They are men, and, know-
ing that'they are men, they cannot but have the
common feelings of humanity.
One word more, sir. It may be said, that in
making these statements, urging this measure, and
making these suggestions, -I am bringing a railing
accusaiion against the officers of the American
navy. Sir, I would do no such thing. It has
been my good fortune to know many of them, and
I take tins occasion, in this place, to say, humble
as Lam, that a more humane, a more generous,
and a more kind-hearted set of men, 1 am not
acquainted with. But, sir, as Jong as you retain
this law upon your statute-book, it will be abuseci.
You might just as well undertake to regulate the
passions of the human heart by law, as to under-
take to regulate the exercise of an arbitrary power;
and just so long as this power is left upon the
statute-book there will be unworthy men that will
abuse it. As longus there are unworthy men that
will abuse it, so long the worthy men must suffer
for it.* It is because I would redeem the position
of those men that are not deserving of this censure
from the indiscriminate reproach" to which the
whole navy is liable for this abuse, that I would
urge this amendment.
Sir, so long as this power remains it will be
abused, it has been abused, and 1 understand that
there is now, or there has been—I may be mis-
taken about it, but I have been informed, from au-
thority upon which I can rely, that very lately a
subordinate officer of the navy has been tried for
a violation of this power, the exercise of which
it has been attempted to regulate by law. And
what was the result? Why, the couit-martial
recommended that he be dismissed from the ser-
vice; but of such utter insignificance is an offence
of that sort considered, that the same pen that
approves the sentence remits the penalty, and the
officer is again invited, to go on and repeat this
exercise of his discretion, or indiscretion, as it may
be. 1 believe that the interests of the navy demand,
imperiously demand, the abrogation of this law.
We all know, sir, that it has been, in some in-
stances, carried to such excess in the British navy
as to produce mutiny, and the only wonder is; that
it has not produced mutiny in our navy. As long
as sailors are men, and have the feelings of men,
it must produce mutiny, and it ought to produce
mutiny. Whenever you undertake, by law, to de-
grade a man, and to debase him, to reduce him to
a position which God never intended he should
occupy, it is calculated to produce mutiny, it ought
to produce mutiny, and it will produce mutiny;
and whenever the question comes, the sympathies
of this people will be with the mutineers, with
those who undertake to resist the infliction of this
barbarous punishment.
Having said thus much, I leave the subject,
hoping that it will commend itself to the favorable
consideration of the Senate.
.Mr. ATHERTON. Will the Senator from
North Carolina permit me to say a single word in
relation to this point of order? I think, that ac-
cording to the parliamentary rule, a motion to
strike out and insert, and a motion to strike out,
are two distinct motions, and that you cannot by
amending one of them give it precedence so as to
exclude the other.
[Mr. A. read the rule that is applicable to the
point in question.]
Now, the rejection of this motion to strike out
the clause will not prevent the Senator from New
Hampshire from moving to strike out and insert,
and that motion cannot be divided, because the
rule expressly declares that the motion to strike
out and insert is indivisible; and, on the other
hand, the motion to strike out cannot be added to
by an amendment to strike out and insert.
PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Senator
make that point of order?
Mr. ATHERTON. I raise the question of
order, whether the motion to strike out can be
amended by a motion to strike out and insert?
PRESIDING OFFICER. In the opinion of
the Presiding Officer, this is merely an amendment
to an amendment. The only question before the
Senate isfwhether the Senate wil-i amend theamend-
ment by inserting certain words. If the Senate
adopt the amendment to the amendment, then ne-
cessarily thequestion comes up on the amendment
as amended. *
Mr. CALHOUN. I would suggest that, in
order to amend the amendment which proposes to
strike out, the proposition must relate to striking
out only, and that no amendment which proposes
the insertion of a new proposition will be in order.
The amendment to the amendment must confine
itselfto the nature of the original amendment.
Mr. DICKINSON. The proposition is to strike
out. Now, there is in this proposition, both m
legislative and in legal parlance, nothing to amend
by. It is a clear, distinct, palpable proposition of
itself. The Senator from New Hampshire can
attain his object by moving,% if the original amend-
ment does not prevail, to strike out and insert, and
if it does prevail, his object will be attained by
simply moving to insert. So that he is not preju-
diced by the motion to strike out, or precluded
from offering the amendment which he proposes.
Mr. HALE. Is there an appeal taken ?
Mr. YULEE. I will take an appeal for the
purpose of settling the question.
The question on the appeal being about to be
put—
Mr. MANGUM. This point is somewhat em-
barrassing to me, sir. I am not prepared to vote
for reversing the decision of the Chair, and I will
appeal to the Senator from New Hampshire wheth-
er he will not attain his entire object by allowing
the question first to be taken simply upon the mo-
tion to stnke out; he can then move to strike out
and insert, or to insert merely. 1 am unwilling to
vote upon a question of doubt, for the reveisal of
the decision of the Chair especially, as the object
of the Senator may be attained as well in the one
case as in the other.
Mr. CALHOUN. According to my conception
of the rule, there is no amendment in order, except
it pertain to the words of the proviso. You can-
not move to amend by inserting something entirely
new. I hold the parliamentary rule to be clear
that, upon a motion to strike out, no amendment
can be moved lor the insertion of new matter.
Mr. HALE. The piovision which I move to
insert, it appears to me, does relate expressly to
the substance of the original proviso, which au-
thorizes the Secretary of the JNavy to issue oiders
for the abolishment of flogging in the navy, and i
only propose to add, 4< and that all laws and parts
of laws now existing on the subject shall be re-
pealed.35
Mr. DICKINSON. To strike out the proviso
is an amendment proposed by the committee, and
the other is the amendment of the Senator from
New Hampshne. Thai is the diHerence; and they
should be taken in the order of precedence in
which they have been made. The Senator can
make his motion when the proper time amves.
Mr. ATHEKTOiN. The amendment proposed
by the committee is to strike out the proviso. The
Senator from New Hampshire moves to amend
that motion, in addition to striking out the pro-
viso, by inserting some other words-instead ot the
proviso. Now, I contend that a motion to strike
out, and a motion to strike out and insert, are dif-
ferent motions, and you cannot alter the motion to
strike out by making it a motion to strike out and
insert. Neither can you alter the latter motion so
as to make it a motion to slnke out, because the
rule says that the motion to strike out and insert
is indivisible.
Mr. HALE. If my colleague will givej^ay, I
will relieve the Senate from turiher embarrassment
m regard to this matter. 1 will consent, with the
leave of the Senate, to let the question first be taken
on the motion to strike out, and after that 1 will
.renew my motion to m&eit.
PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Senator
withdiaw his motion?
Mr. HALE. Ceitainly.
Mr. BADGER. I said, sir, when up before,
that J considered this proposal as the result of a
mistaken philanthropy, and 1 uiged, as being en-
titled to some weight in the consideration ot the
proposition, that it was designed to subvert a sys-
tem of discipline that had pievailed in the navy
from the commencement of the Government.
Well, now, sir, if I had wanted any evidence to
satisfy me that the plan proposed by the Senator
from New Hampshire was the result of a mistaken
philanthropy, he has furnished it to me in the an-
swer which he has given to what I have said He •
says, in the first place, that he has very little respect
for anything human. Well, is the Senator's amend-
ment divine ? Does the Senator claim that his plan
is anything above human? Is he personally above
the condition of a human being, better qualified to
establish a government and provide regulations for
the discipline of the navy than those who e«al>
lished the system, which we have executed from
the commencement of the Government down to
the present time? Surely the Senator does not
mean that. Well, then, there are here two human
things which have been adopted and have been in
force more than«&df a century. Underthe opera-
tion of the regulations as already established the
Senator confesses our navy has acquired the most
signal glory; and has shown itself at all times*not
only capable of defending the country, but of add-
ing the highest renown to its reputation. It is an
undoubted fact that, in no naval service on earth
is there such prompt obedience: and, among those
who compose the great body of sailors m the navy
of the world generally, there is no more ready obe-
dience than is to be found in our own navy. Well
then, sir, we have two human things; oneoriginating
to-day, the effect of it unknown and untried; and
that, according to the honorable Senator's views,
gives it a preference over the past system, because
it has existed for more than half a century be-
cause it has been tried and found to be most bene-
ficial. Now, the honorable Senator says that I am
opposed to measures of reform; that 1 am for sup-
porting antiquated usages and old abuses. Has
the Senator shown this to be an abuse? Has he
offered an argument to show it? Has he stated a
fact to show it? I have said nothing about main-
taining abuses because they are old. I say, and
I call upon the Senator to disprove it if he can,that
it is admitted by every one that it is some recom-
mendation of a practice that it has prevailed for
more than half a century, and has been foundpro-
ductive of the most beneficial results.
But the Senator talks about abuses. What are
abuses? Does everything become an abuse be-
cause it has been long continued ? The Senator
calls this an abuse. An abuse of what? Why,
sir, it can only be an abuse of flower, on the sup-
position of being unnecessary. No regulation for
the government of the naval service, however
stringent; no punishment, however severe, if it be
necessary to enable the naval service to discharge
the duty it owes to the country, can be called an
abuse. If it be the exercise of a necessary power
by the Government to accomplish the great end of
national defence, it is nothing less than an absurd-
ity to call it an abuse. Further, in order that the
Senator should show that this is an abuse, he must,
in the firot place, show us that the exercise of this
power is unnecessary; that the object to be accom-
plished by it can be successfully accomplished by
other means. Has he attempted to show it? Has
he offered an argument to show it? Has he stated
a fact to show it ? No, sir; no, sir. What has he
done? Why, he has given us declamatory state-
ments about the rights of humanity. Well, what
more has he done? Why, he has indulged in rhe-
torical exaggerations calculated to do more injury
to the character of the American navy, to the char-
acter of the American Government, and all officers
connected with it, than the bitterest of our enemies
beyond the ocean could have circulated against us.
He has stated here that, according to the returns
laid before us, and to the information to be derived
from records in the department, it appeats that,
from January to December, the blood of our sea-
men is continually flowing. Now, is it so? The
honorable Senator, in stating this, I presume,
does not state it from his own knowledge, not
being connected with that branch of the service,
it is a grave and serious charge; and, if true, it is
a reflection upon the character of this Government,
that our seamen should be turned over to the con-
trol of officers who, in the indulgence of their hell-
ish propensities, cause their blood to flow without
cessation. And yet the Senator says, in the same
breath, that he bears willing testimony to the hu-
manity of the officeis of our navy. How is it, then?
Is it that the Secretary of the Navy, or that the
President of the United States, is so deeply imbued
with this love of bloodshed, thus desirous of wit-
