510
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 12,
great a number of memorials before them relating |
to the same subject. Yes, sir, memorials may be j
piled up in heaps before them without avail, for I !
know what their feelings are upon the subject.
They are averse to taking any steps to remedy the
evil. But I will not trespass on the indulgence of
the Senate. 1 believe that the question, now that
it has come fully before the American Senate and
tie American people, will be decided, and that
soon, by the unanimous voice of the nation; and,
-however you may decide it now, the great ques-
tion of humanity will be argued by this commu-
nity before the tribunal of the people; it will be
argued by the hearts of the people in tones sweet
as the song of angels, soft as the memory of buried
love, and m words before which the eloquence
even of the Senator from North Carolina will be
entirely useless,
Mr. YULEE. 1 shall trouble the Senate with
very few words on this subject, sir, for I feel that
all must be satisfied with respect to the impropri-
ety of this mode of legislation in regard to it. It
may be proper, however, that I should make one
or two remarks. The change contemplated by the
proviso that is now under discussion is a rad&al
one. It is a radical change in the discipline of the
navy, and one which must be very material in its
consequences. It seems to me, therefore, that legis-
lation of this description ought not to be permitted
to be made the subject^of accidental amendment to
an appropriation bill, without reference to a com-
mittee and without investigation. Petitions have
been presented upon this subject at this session,
but .they were presented at a very late period, and !
no rieeting of the Naval Committee has occurred i
have that complement; she cannot have more, and
cannot do with less. Now, the only punishment
that„can be substituted is confinement. Well,
suppose one sailor.knocks down another, he will
be put in confinement. Another sailor commits a
theft, he will bel£>ut in confinement. Anotlfer
neglects his duty, he will be put in confinement;
and so on. And in six months you will have
half your men in confinement, and the ship ex-
posed to danger for the want of the necessary
number of men to work her. We must propor-
' tion our means to the end we would attain, and if
the punishment of confinement will not answer,
you must adopt either corporal or some other
effective punishment, that will preserve discipline,
and that will at the same time not reduce the ne-
cessary complement of working men on board the
ship. But I will ask the Senator from New Hamp-
shire whether he is aware of the limitation that is
placed upon the infliction of corporal punishment?
He speaks of it as a crying evil. It might be so
if it were permitted without restriction. But that
is not the case. No officer on board the ship is
permitted to inflict the punishment of flogging but
the commander himself, and he does it upon his
responsibility. He cannot exceed his duty in
that respect without being subject to dismissal
from the service. Sir, it is restricted by a navy
regulation and by law, and restricted not only to
prescribed offences, but to the number of lashes
to be inflicted. The commander is not permitted
to inflict more than twelve lashes, and that must
be done upon his personal order and upon his
peisonal responsibility. And he is obliged to keep
a record of every punishment that Tie inflicts,
and present that record upon his return home, at
since those petitions were referred. The commit-
tee will, when they have an opportunity, take up !j the conclusion of the voyage, to the department,
the subject and examine it deliberately, and they " ^ _1 " " 1 "* " ' '
will report deliberately to this body; and if it
should be considered "desirable that any specific
legislation should take place upon it, they will
report a bill, m order that the Senate may act upon
man ordinarily—appears to think that if this insti-
tution of whipping should be abolished, the liber-
ties of the country, and perhaps the Union, would
be endangered. Now, sir, it was said by Charles
Wilkes that the very worst use a man could be
put to was to hang him; the next worse use, in
my opinion, is to flog him. My friend from North
Carolina, and others who defend this valuable in-
stitution, call ufion those who favor its abolish-
ment to give their reasons for such a course. Sir
I call upon that Senator, and every other Senator '
who favors this law, for their reasons in support
of it. Why, sir, the law itself presents the rea-
sons for its abolition, and it is for the Senator to
show that this law is absolutely necessary to the
discipline of the navy; and in the absence of any
such reason, why should we be called upon to
give our reasons in favor of the abolition of the
-la,wr
Now, sir, it is said we get along very well un-
der this law. The officers have got along very
well—those who have the power of using the whip
have got along smoothly; but the question is,
whether we could not have .got along without
practising the barbarous custom recognized under
the law. Ana this, Mr. President, is not a ques-
tion of abuse, although I hold that such a law
necessarily tends to abuse. The question is as to
the necessity of the law, not as to whether the
law is abused or not. Let those who defend this
law show, by conclusive reasoning, that there is
a necessity for it; and this result can only be shown
by experiments, by facts. It is not a question to
be settled by argument here; not at all. I desire,
for one, to try this question; and if it shall be
found, on fair trial, that we cannot get along with-
the subject intelligently and determmately.
But I would ask what occasion theie is for any !
action now, or, at all events, for any action outside :
of the usual process of legislation m this matter ? ■
Do we find any difficulty m filling the lists of the j
navy? No, sir. N On the contrary, our ships are \
always supplied, abundantly supplied, with all the '
sailors that are necessary for the service. Do we j
find any complaints from sailors themselves? So j
far from it, sir, when this subject was before Con- j
gvessatthe last session, there was not a ship which .
was near enough to reach Congress with its voice j
which did not protest against the abolishment of |
this punishment. Petitions were forwarded to the |
House, signed by every seaman on board those :
ships, protesting against the abolishment of the
punishment. And why did they do so ? Because;
it is the only means by which the worthy sailor '
who performs his duty willingly can be saved
from the burdens which are thrown upon him by
the ill conduct of the culprits, of those who sculk'1
from their duty, and avoid the hardship and labor ,
of the service. But I will ask the Senator from
New Hampshire by what means he proposes to
maintain discipline on board the ships of the navy ?
How would he govern them ? Would he do it by :
the votes of a majority ? Perhaps the Senator would j
propose that the commanding officer should be 1
elected, and that the government on board the ship
should be a republican government; that it should |j
emanate from the will of a majority of those on '
board. He would have the officers and crew to ;
constitute a democracy. In what way would you 1
maintain the government? The safety of the ship
requires that government should be maintained. '
There must be discipline; there must be arbitrary <!
power; there must be some discretion in the com- J
mander of ship, as in the master of a school or !
the father of a family, and he must be at liberty to , j
use such punishment as is necessary for theser-ij
vice. Now, what punishment is that? Can we :
safely dispense with corporal punishment5 What J
other punishment can we substitute? You have ;
diminished the sailor's spirit ration; that of itself
was a serious punishment to him; but you now '
propose to stop the grog altogether. .■
Sir, a ship goes to sea upon a long cruise—three
years,Tor instance—with her complement of men; ,
that is, the number that is necessary to work the
ship. She cannot take more because the limits of 1
the ship will not permit, nor can she take less
. w . _ i( out using the whip, then we have the alternative
Sir, this is a control, and it is the only control ; presented to us to abandon the whole naval service,
which you can adopt consistently with the interest I; or to keep it up with a barbarous law of this char-
of the service and the maintenance of order on acter. Sir, I want to make the experiment. We
board the ship. Authority must be given to the : are asked why this question is brought up here?
commander, and, when you make him thus re- i; why interfere and make this radical change?
sponsible, you have a guarantee that he will keep j| And the Senator from Florida cites the established
within the limits of his duty and within the limits j usages which have long prevailed in this country
of humanity. Punishment may also be inflicted 1 and in others. I will give the Senator a reason
by stripes, by the sentence of a court martial; ;j for making this change, and it is this: that the
and I venture to say, sir, that, in any report that ij laws regulating the army and the navy should
may be presented of punishment inflicted on board ■' keep pace with the progress of reform in soci-
a ship of war of the United States, the probability
is, that the number of stripes inflicted will not be
more than will be found to be inflicted within the
same period upon the same number of culprits
broughvbefore the courts m some of the States of
this Union. But there is a great mistake in regard
; to the severity*of the punishment that is inflicted
! on shipboard. A great deal of it is with what is
: called the colt, and not with the'cat-o'-nme-tails,
and the colt is laid on over the back without being
denuded, and it is not mach more painful than the
ferrule is to scholars who are corrected by their
master at school.
Now, if the Senator proposes to proceed with
his reform, he shouid extend it to schools and fam-
ilies, and to the merchant service. Let him present
the wholesubject, embracing pumshmenton shore
as well as on shipboard. But 1 protest against so
radical a change as this being attempted upon a
cursory examination and discussion, and pressed
into an appropriation bill, especially in one not
relating to the naval service. I hope the proviso
may be stricken oat. Before I conclude, it may
be interesting to the Senate to hear read a brief
letter from the Secretary of the Navy, in answer
to a resolution of the House passed last session,
asking the opinion of the Secretary as to whether
corporal punishment might be dispensed with with-
out injury to the service.
The letter was read by the Secretary.
Mr. NiLES. 1 nave only a single word to re-
mark, Mr. President, after what has been uttered.
We have had a very animated debate, and I have
been somewhat at a loss to account for the warmth
that has characterized it. There seems to have
been greater feeling manifested than was necessary;
in fact, the remarks of certain Senators have been
made as if to repel an attack on some oric of the
valuable institutions of the United States; 1 do not
say the peculiar institution. I believe the valuable
institution prevails in most of the countries m ;
Europe, and it has come down very legitimately '
to us, as most other valuable institutions of this 1
kind have come. My honorable fnend fioin North !
Carolina, who furnished a very able speech—a
ety, and the progress of reform in criminal law.
And I ask, at what period of the world, and at
what stage in the progress of criminal law, did
this baibarous law obtain its authority? Why,
it was at an early age, at an age when sim-
ilar punishments prevailed in this country and in
Europe for various other offences—punishments
barbarous in their character, the result of criminal
law. But the progress of civilization was not such
as to countenance the continuance of those laws,
and made it apparent that they weie not indis-
pensable to the good order and well-being of so-
ciety. Experiments have been tried having for
their object the amelioration of punishment for
crime during the last few centuries. Learned and
unlearned men have taken up and investigated the
question, and legislators have proceeded cautiously
in their investigation and action upon theories
presented by men who had concocted them in
their closets, and who were not practical men of
the world. But I think I may say that the prog-,
ress which has been made in dispensing with all
barbarous punishments m all countries has every-
where been eminently successful, and that the irue
object of punishment, the making of the condition
of society more secure, has, since this reformation
in the criminal law, been most effectually accom-
plished. I would inquire if this punishment is not
often made at the mere will and arbitrary pleasure
of a commanding officer, although perhaps not
higher in rank than a lieutenant, and that he may
flog ad libitum, by merely giving his order? My
fnend says there is a regulation in reference to
this matter, a restraint as to the extent of the pun-
ishment. What is it? Nothing in the world but
to keep a record of the crime and punishment
awarded; the amount of punishment is at his own
option. The punishment is not the result of a
regular trial or court martial, but it is an arbitrary
and often capricious exercise of power—capncious
because navy officers are like other men, influ-
enced by the passions of anger and hatred.
What is the danger to result by the abolition of
this practice? it may be suid that a ship is at sea,
far away from any lelief or assistance, or from the
without affecting the safety of the ship. Shemust [) pretty warm one for him, he being rather a cool ij regulation of any other police than the officers on
