1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. .
511
board ship to preserve order. This statement will
apply equally to merchant vessels; for in time of
peace I can see no difference between a public ship
of war and a private vessel. It is necessary, no doubt,
to have order and subordination; but this practice
of whipping is not the punishment prescribed in
cases of insubordination; it is not the punishment
prescribed in cases of mutiny. No, sir; other pun-
ishments, of a higher authority and greater conse-
quence, are necessary m cases of that description.
In cases of mutiny and general insubordination, as
I have s.iid, this is not the punishment meted out.
This is a punishment for petty individual offences.
What necessity is there for an arbitrary and bar-
barous punishment of this character in such cases?
I see none, sir; and I believe there might be pun-
ishment of another character more effectually sub-
stituted—such as confinement upon bread and
water, and close confinement in a dark cell; such
punishments as are administered to convicts under
our civil law. And I beg to inquire why a sailor
who has been guilty of some petty act is to be
punished in a manner unknown to individuals
convictcd solemnly under the criminal law of the
land? We have abolished this punishment, sir,
to convicts, I believe, in all the States of the Union,
and we have found salutary and beneficial results
therefrom. We have abolished it in our schools,
and in our criminal jurisdiction. In all the States |
which had laws enacting the punishments of flog- ;
ging, cropping, branding, and putting in the stocks, j
and^a great variety of oilier barbarous punishments j
of this kind, those laws have been done away with, i
and we aie daily witnessing the good' effccts that
have resulted fiom their abolition.
Now, the idea thrown out by the Senator from
New Hampshire is not without force, that this
practice of flogging tends to increase disorder in-
stead of producing order. In my opinion it tends
to produce mutiny and combination among the
crews of our ships. Suppose half a dozen men
should suffer this punishment—-a punishment not
so much affecting the body as -it is a disgrace to
the character of the individual suffering it; with
rankling feelings of hatred in their breasts may
they not combine to obtain revenge? Suffering
under feelings of mortification and a consciousness
of degradation, which far exceeds all external in-
jury which they may have received, what acts of
cruel and fearful retribution may they not visit
upon the heads of their superiors who occasioned
their punishment?
But, Mr. President, I do not wish to go any
further into this matter. 1 believe we should en-
deavor to keep our navy and army, as respects their
condition and discipline, m conformity with the
progress of society and the civil administration of
criminal justice. And, sir, when we have before
us exhibited so many good and salutary results
flowing from the abolition of all corporal punish-
ment in the administration of justice, there is good
reason for believing that a similar reformation in
the laws of the army and navy would be attended
with like beneficial results. If it is found that any
difficulty results from the abolition of the practice,
we can easily resort to it again. We can go back
and restore this law as well as any other law. But
I am much inclined to believe, that if the experi-
ment is made—and I apprehend that the fear of
its being made, in part, will explain the extreme
tenacity with which some gentlemen adhere to
this principle—no man will be found, in this Hall
or elsewhere, raising his voice in favor of return
to a practice so revolting to the better feelings of
humanity, so totally inconsistent with the spirit of
the a°e. I shall vote, then, to make this experi-
ment of the abolition of flogging in every form and
way in which I can get an opportunity so to vote.
I think with the Senator from New Hampshire,
that there can be but little doubt that as soon as
public attention is called to this matter, we shall
have to carry out the expression of public opinion
upon this subject as upon others, at least so far as
to make a fair trial of a more liberal, humane, and
reasonable mode of promoting discipline in our
navy.
Mr. BUTLER. I consider the proposed aboli-
tion of flogging in the navy as a very dangerous
experiment. Is it nothing that the navy officers
of the whole world—of England, of Russia, of
Franco, and of America—are all in favor of this
system of punishment. Are we, in the face of all
this experience—in the face of all that is known to
us on this subject—to venture upon an experiment
of this character, under the influence, if I may be
permitted so to call it, of a sickly sentimentality,
which appeals to the prejudices of the multitude
for cooperation and support? It is said of the Ro-
man people that they became sentimental in their
poetry, and in their oratory and legislation, in pro-
portion as they became corrupt. I do not make
the application here, but I will say one thing, that
the practice of our hardy ancestors, those who
founded this Government originally, will at least
compare with the humanity of gentlemen who are
endeavoring, under a false philanthropy, to carry
out a measure of this character.
Mr. President, I do not believe—and I have con-
versed with many officers on the subject—that the
discipline of the navy can be maintained without
some punishment similar in kind to this. The
gentlemen of the navy all think alike on the sub-
ject, and yet we are now about to interfere with
their rules and mode of discipline, in accordance
with the dictates of a morality so sublime and a
philanthropy so pure as to be far above the com-
mon concerns of earth. It is a matter worthy
of reflection that we are now agitating public sen-
timent on a subject deeply affecting the Fives and
interests of a numerous class of the community. I
refer to our sailors. The sailor enters into the
service of the United States with a full under-
standing of the nature of his contract, and that
this practice is one of the modes of enforcing dis-
cipline. He enlists as voluntarily in a man of-
war as in a merchantman. He is not pressed
like the English sailor into the service; he enlists
voluntarily. Lord Mansfield wisely observed,
when application was made to him for the par-
don of Dr. Dod, that what would be mercy to
the individual would be cruelty to the many; and^
I believe it would be cruelty to a large portion of
the better class of sailors to abolish this system of
flogging. This punishment is not for the pro-
tection of the officer alone, but for the protection
of the steady and honest sailor against the vile
practices of the vicious and wicked. I say that
for infamous conduct infamous punishment should
| be administered, or at |east a punishment awaid-
I ed, discriminating in its extent, and of a charac-
ter that will afford protection to the honest and
virtuous sailor. The sailors themselves, if they
could assemble in convention, 1 believe would
vote to a man for this mode of punishment, as
better-adapted than any other mode to give them
protection against the evil piactices of the depraved
among them. But that this bill comes from
the other House, I should have been utterly as-
tonished that we could venture, i# the name ot
reform, to suggest or advocate the passage ot such
a provision as is here suggested. 1 ro&e to protest
against any such experiment being made, under
the influence of the feeling that has been elicited,
without further inquiry into the subject. We had
better consult the practical administrators of our
navy affairs, rather than the theoretical notions of
reformers or declamatory orators upon the progiess
of the sentiment of the age. I venture to say that
we are no better than our forefathers; m fact, 1 do
not believe that we are as good. Our discipline in
the navy must, it seems, become a mere matter of
admonition—a sort of pulpit declamation upon
right and wrong. It is stated as matter of history
that, at the battle of Lexington, one of the citizens
of that or a neighboring village was shot down. A
meeting of the villagers was called, and a clergy-
II man addressed the meeting. He stated that he was
i j for decided and speedy action in the matter, and
j! hoped that a committee would be appointed to wait
11 on the British officers to talk to them concerning
; the wickcdness of the deed they had perpetrated,
j; and that strongly. I suppose that is the mode
to be adopted with respect to unruly and vicious
i: sailors; our officers are to talk to thein concerning
ii their evil doings, and that strongly.
!- Mr. BREESE. Before the question is taken on
j! this amendment, I propose to amend the amend-
ment. I would move to insertafterthe word "navy,"
' in place of the words now there, the woids "yaids
i; and shore stations within the United States." In
support of the amendment which 1 have offered, I
beg leave to say a single word. 1 can very well
, see how the discipline of the service can be pre-
! served while ships are m our ports and at our navy-
yards, and, therefore, corporal punishment by
j! whipping can well be abolished at them; bill 1 can-
[' not perceive how it can be, m a ship at sea, tiiou-
:! sands of miles from home, and with no adequate
substitute even suggested by those who advocate
the proposition to abolish stripes. If they will pro-
pose such a substitute, I will go with them with
pleasure. As to the supposed degradation suffered
by'the sailor in consequence of being whipped, it
is not so. He does not feel it, nor do his associ-
ates. It is the suggestion of a false philanthropy;
for the truth is, the sailor prefers whipping to other
punishments subjecting him to ridicule, and.which
he considers really degrading, and far more uncon-
genial to his feelings.
Mr. CLA YTOJN. Aftey a long debate that has
been in progress upon this subject, 1 would not
trouble the Senate did I not think it necessary to
correct what I think to be an erroneous impression,
arising out of some remarks made by the Senator
from New Hampshire m regard to the number of
lashes inflicted upon sailors. In the document
from which he read to the Senate concerning the
number of lashes inflicted on board of our ships-,
he recited one instance of a sioop-of-war whose
crew while at sea, during a period of three months,
received altogether some nine hundred lashes, i
do not know anything about the particular circum-
stances of the case, further than that the crew was
remarkable for insubordination, and that in many
instances the punishment was for desertion, for
drawing a knife upon the officer, and for fighting
and quarreling among themselves.
But in regard to the other cases presented, with
but one single exception, in this document, it ap-
pears that no such number of lashes were inflicted,
it is not true, and 1 suppose the Senator from New
Hampshire does not intend to have it understood,
that the ships of our navy generally will exhibit
such p. record as that of nine hundred lashes ad-
ministered in a sloop-of-war in the course of three
months.
Mr. President, I desire to say that this punish-
ment is inflicted under the authority of an act of
Congress passed the 23d of April, 1800. It has
continued fiom that day to this. It is not true that
this punishment is inflicted capriciously or at the
pleasure of commanding officers—they have no
such authority delegated to them. By the law the
crime must be designated, and by the law the pun-
ishment meted out, for that crime must be recorded
in a log-book, and that log-book sent here to the-
proper department. You can ascertain, by look-
ing at those documents, whether m a single in-
stance a cruel and unnecessary punishment has
been inflicted on any sailor. You may assert that
streams of blood flow from the back of the Ameri-
can sailor in consequence of this punishment; but,
sir, the punishment inflicted is always for crime,
! and not because of anger or arbitrary exercise of
| power on the part of commanding officers. As it
has been forcibly put to the Senate, how can you
possibly regulate and govern the conduct of sea-
men in a ship hundreds of miles from the shores'
of this country without this punishment? Can
you put a penitentiary on board of a man-of-war,
or carry into effect any other mode of pieserving
order and regularity of conduct on board of such a
vessel? In the British Parliament this practice
has been the subject of extended consideration.
The English people have had as much experience
on this subject as any other nation uponeaith.
Various suggestions have been made, and plans
offered as substitutes for this mode of punishment.
Perhaps as cruel punishment has been adminis-
j tered on board of English ships-of-war as in the
ships of any other nation in the woild. Great
efforts have been made among the philanthropists
of that country to ameliorate tins mode of punish-
ment, but they have not succeeded—the punish-
ment has not been mitigated or thesystem changed.
The English Board ot Admiralty tell us that this
i mode of punishment cannot be dispensed wilh; all
1 our naval officeis tell us the same tiling; and this
is the opinion also of all our Secretaries of the
Navy. And now, sir, we are called upon to dis-
regard the experience of those men who aie best
j acquainted with the workings of this system, and
; suudenly to abolish the only means of preserving
and promoting order m one of the most important
I branches of the public service.
j I do not desire, Mr. President, to protract dis-
! cussion; but it must be really manifest to the mind
[ of every Senator here, that the condition of things
| on board ships of war at a distance from this coun-
I try—and isolated as they must be-—is altogether
! different from the condition of criminals at home
1 who are under the just condemnation of law;
