512
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 12.
which criminals can be ordered to the penitentiary,
or punished in any other way the law may require,
without injury to the public interests. An argu-
ment, then, in favor of this mode of punishment
is, that no ojther punishment can satisfactorily be
substituted in Jts place.
After what has been said by the Senator from
Connecticut, [Mr. Niles,] and the Senator from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Bale,] and after the sug-
gestions that have been thrown out by the Senator
from New Hampshire that the sailors in our navy
ousht to mutiny'if compelled to suffer punishment
of this description, I do hope for a strong vote
from the American Senate to show that the-senti-
ment of this1 body is in direct opposition to the
statements made; and, in order that thevote-of
the Senate shall be distinctly known, I demand
the veas and nays upon the motion now pending.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, the facts to which
I have adverted, as drawn from the data that 1 pre-
sented, have been called in question by the honor-
able Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Clayton,] and
I want to say a word or two on the subject. But
permit me to say that 1 have never seen that hon-
orable Senator sit down with so formal a call for
the yeas and nays. It seems to me that he thought
it was to frighten the Senate, inasmuch as the
object of the information is to make known the
opinions of this body. I called for them long ago.
And he asks also for a strong vote. I do not ask
for a strong vote. What 1 ask is, if there is a
human heart in this Senate—if there is a man that
dare stand up and speak for the rights of human-
ity—I wiU tell him that "now is the day and now
is the hour"—that humanity calls for her friends
to stand up and let their voice be heard ; and let
them stand up, if they have to stand alone. I have
stood alone here, and wo'uld not be afraid to stand
alone again on this question.
But 1 tell you, you may rally your strong ho3ts;
I will rally a stronger one among the American
people. Sir, they will not permit this relic of bar-
barism to remain; they cannot permit it. The age
of the cat-o'-nine-tails is past. In the year 1849
you may erect your monument, and inscribe upon
it " Here lies the cat-o'-nine-tails." The funeral
procession will soon be marshaled, and all the
arguments drawn from the views of England can-
$not shelter it from the execrations of outraged
humanity. This is rhetorical declamation, I sup-
pose. Well, they have got many other things in
England that they cannot get rid of. They have
Lords of the Admiralty, and I suppose we shall
be obliged to have them; and, if we keep the cat-
o'-nine-tails, I think we ought to h^ve them. We
ought to have Admirals of the Red and Admirals
of the Blue—I do not know whether they have
any Admirals of the White. But I am sick to
death of going back to the dusty and dead past, j
♦discing among the monuments of the Government !
from which we sprung, to find and bring up causes ]
end apologies for trying to keep up these remnants
of barbarity still longer. One would think that
• these men were not our sons and our brothers who
are doing this work on board ship, but the incar-
nate fiends of hell, marshaled, forced, pressed into
our service; and that there was no other avenue to
their hearts, no way of approaching their under-
standings, no process of a| peal to them but with
the cat-o'-nine-tails to their backs. Have not these
men ears? Have they not hearts? And have they
not friends? I wonder if they ever had mothers;
if th^y have sisters or children ? I wonder if that
circle of human sympathies that surrounds every
human heart, binding it by a thousand ties to
thousands of other human hearts, has anything to
do'with these Sailors; or have they, in place of
human hearts, something that can only be reached
by the rope's end ?
But, sir, the honorable Senator from South Caro-
lina [Mr. Butler] speaks as if it was the unani-
mous recommendation of every officer in the navy
that this abuse should be retained. I know that
he speaks from mipiessions, arid riot from actual
knowledge, because I do know one officer at least,
with whom I had the honor to be associated in
the settlement of a complaint under this iaw, in a
naval court-martial, who, when the sentence was
about to be pronounced, uttered this sentiment, for
which I honoied and loved him: "Never, while
8 I have command ori board a vessel of war, will
* I give my consent to strike with a lash a single
* man under my command." Sir, if 1 were to
give his naroe, it-is a name that stands high in the
American naval service, and I rejoice to do the
American navy the justice to say that 1 do not be-
lieve that he stands alone. The only 
Mr. YULEE, (interposing.) Will the Senator
inform me whether the person to whom he refers
has ever commanded a ship?
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir.
Mr. YULEE. I will venture to say that he
has never commanded a ship, and I desire to know
his name.
Mr. HALE. The honorable Senator must be
aware that' he puts me in an awkwara position by
his question, for he must know that we are not
at hoerty to disclose the name. 1 am bound by
oath not to do it.
Mr. YULEE. The honorable Senator says he
could give the name, and I desire to know who it
is, and whether he has ever had the command of j
a ship?
Mr. HALE. I trust the honorable Senator
knows the reason why I cannot do it. I may give
only his opinion, as I have done. But, sir, it has
been said that sailors do not feel degraded by this
punishment, i believe the honorable Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Breese] says it is false philanthropy.
Well, in the name ot'Go'd, then, what is true phi- ;
lanthropy? That is an easy way to get rid of j
everything ofthis sort. What is true philanthropy? !
I suppose, that in the opinion of that gentleman, |
everything that is for the amelioration of this class j
of persons is false philanthropy, and that the en- i
forcement of discipline by laws of this character I
is the only true philanthropy. 1 do not wish to j
repeat what I have stated, but I speak from public j
documents. I wish, however, to vindicate myself; j
and as the inference has been questioned, i will ,
i state another fact, and give the name. The sailor |
J who brought me a number of memorials the other j
j day, and gave them to me, though 1 think they |
, should have gone into the hands of the honorable j
Senator from New York, [Mr. Dickinson,] spoke ;
ofthis report, where it is stated that nine hundred 1
lashes were given on board of one ship within |
three months, and he said to me, that if he could I;
have the right to be heard, he could produce sailors, j'
who are now in this city* supported at his own
expense for the purpose, by whom he could prove
that not only nine hundred lashes had been'intiicted
in that time, but twenty-three hundred.
Mr. YULEE. Will the honorable Senator allow
me to inquire what confidence we can have m 
Mr. HALE. After 1 get through. I don't"know
what confidence may be placed in him or his state-
ments; but he brought me many letters from indi-
viduals of respectability. I told him, however,
that he could not be heard before the Senate; that
the Senate had too much important business before
them to attend to any consideiattons of this kind.
But, sir, it is said that this power is not abused.
I will only refer you to the records among the
archives of the Government, it is said, too, that
the offence is a capital une for an officer to inflict
more than one hundred lashes. Well, i went
down to the navy-yard to inquire if theie were any
cases of illegal punishments. They looked on me
much as one is looked upon who asks to see a
herring. And, indeed, I found there a man by the
name of Herring, who was sentenced to receive
five hundred lashe3, and actually did receive four
hundred. 1 tried then to call the attention of the
Senate to the subject, but was told this was not the
proper place.
Mr. CLAYTO^f. Who was the officer?
Mr. HALE. It was under authority of a naval
court martial. I understand that the case is, that
the man is brought up, as in the case supposed
the other day by myself, arid receives twelve lashes;
and then is commanded to perform the required
service; while he, supposing himself not bound to
any further service, refuses to obey, and thereupon
the twelve lashes are repeated, and so on the
offence is repeated, ana the punishment follows as
long as life lasts.
Now, these are not fictions, and no imogina- i
tions. I have confined myself here to the record. !
We have not the record required by the act of the i
last session, and I know not how the case will J
appear when we receive it. •
Mr. YULEE. I stated, when up before, that
the only occasion in which a saiior had come be- •
fore us in respect to this matter, had been in con-
nectioruwith petitions remonstrating against the j
punishment of whipping. The Senator from New j
Hampshire just now referred to another instance i
in which a sailor of the navy—as hefhas styled
him—asks to be heard upon this question; and
when I desired that Senator to give way for a mo-
ment, in order that I might show to what decree
the person who comes here represented as a sailor
of the navy is entitled to our confidence, he declined
to do so. I rise simply for the purpose of showing
how much the Senator permits himself to be
abused, and how much he would have the Senate
to abuse itself, by adopting legislation on va^ue
and unsatisfactory information, and derived from
sources not reliable, so far as I have the authority
of officers of the navy for saying.
This individual has gone through the State of
New York, and has procured all the petitions that
have been presented here on this subject. The
officers inform me that this individual has never
been a sailor, nor even a seafaring man; that he
was, for a month or so dui ing the past summer, on
board of one of the surveying vessels, and that, in
consequence of neglect of duty, because of drunk-
enness, was discharged from that vessel. This is
the character of the man who obtained these peti-
tions; and with this brief explanation, in compli-
ance with the request I made of the Senator from
New Hampshire, I will not trouble the Senate
further.
Mr. HALE. Who makes that statement?
Mr. YULEE. An officer who knew him well.
Mr. PHELPS. Asa member of the Committee
on Finance, I agreed to this proposition to strike
out this proviso. I did so, sir, because I thought
that it was wholly inappropriate to attempt to alter
radically the discipline of the navy in a mere ap-
propriation bill. Sir, if there be anything wrong
in the discipline of the navv, let the attention of
the Committee on Naval Affairs be called to the
wrong; and if it be necessary to abolish or modify
this mode of punishment, let that committee pro-
vide a remedy. It appeals to me unquestionably
that it is in the power of that committee to originate
a measure which shall alter, change, or modify the
discipline of the navy. My objection to this proviso
is, that itcomes here attached ro the appropriation
, for the salary of the Secretary of the Navy—pro-
j poses a radical change in the discipline of the navy
ma mere appropriation bill—and suggests no sub-
stitute to the present mode of punishment. Well,
sir, if thjs species of punishment is calculated to
degrade, and if the sentiment of the age requires
its abolishment, why, let the Committee on Naval
Affairs take the matter in hand and provide, as I
have before remarked, a remedy.
This proviso strikes at the foundation of every-
thing like subordination in the navy, in thus doing
away with punishment by flogging1; and what
substitute does it present in placeof long-continued
practice? You cannot carry.a penitentiary abroad
in a ship, as has been remarked by the Senator
from Delaware; and how can you maintain order
and discipline on board of your ships without
some system of punishment? Why , sir, this is a
subject which, in my humble opinion, does not
admit of argument. The remarks of the Senator
from New Hampshire, with reference to the nature
and the extent of this punishment, are of course
worthy of consideration; and, as I before stated,
if there is anything in the discipline of the navy
that requires correction, the proper" committee
should take' the subject under consideration; and
when they present something as a satisfactory
substitute, I shall be ready to listen with favor to
their modifications.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I would inquire of the
Senator from South Carolina whether, for several
years, the practice of whipping has not been abol-
ished in the army of the United States?
Mr. CALHOUN replied, but in so low a tone
that his remarks were not heard at the reporter's
desk.
Mr. BREESE, at the suggestion of several Sen-
ators, withdrew his amendment to the amendment.
The amendment proposed by the committee was
then agreed to, striking out the proviso.
Mr. HALE now renewed his amendment as
follows, and asked for the yeas and nays thereon:
And all laws and parts of laws heretofore pas>ed autho-
rumj the infliction whipping in the naval oervioo ot the
United States be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
Mr. DICKINSON. Mr. President, I-am one
of the Committee on .finance who concurred in
the propriety of recommending to the Senate to
strike out this proviso, as it has just done, and,
therefore, I desire to say one or two words on that
