1849.
.THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
515
and in pursuance of that recommendation the t
bill proposed to take from the Secretary of State !
the supervisory power over the Patent Office,
which of itself had become a great department,
and which was destined to become stili more
important- Every gentleman who would reflect
for a single moment would, as a matter of course,
perceive that the duties that were discharged
by the Patent Office—the control over the inven-
tions an<] the intellect of the country—were just
as foreign from the duties of the Secretary of
State—which appropriately concerned the foreign
relations of the country—as from those of any
department which could possibly be imagined. i
They had been put under the charge of the Secre- j
tary of State, and had been performed by him, :
because under this Government there was no ap- j
propriate depositary, no appropriate supervisory ;
power of that great department of the Govern- <
ment. _ I
These were the leading provisions of the bill. !
The bill embraced the provisions of the bill recom- j
mended by the Secretary of the Treasury; and, in j
addition to these, as he had before stated, the Cora- '
mittee of Ways and Means had added two or three
unimportant provisions.
The first put under the charge of the head of the 1
Department of the Interior the control over the !
Sead and other mines of the United States. By
looking at the law which had passed during the :
last session of Congress, he believed the Commit- ;
tee of Ways and Means were in doubt whether,
under the bill as framed by the Secretary of the
Treasury, the control over these mines would be
carried to this department. The Secretary undoubt-
edly intended that it should be. This section had
been added by the Committee of Wa^s and Means
out of abundant caution, believing it would not
change what was intended -to have been the effect
of the bill without it.
Upon inquiry they had found that the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings and Grounds, instead
( of being under tire?charge of any department, was
«nder the direction of the President of the United
States; and, upon an interview with the Commis-
sioner, he found that even the common laborers,
whenever there was any trouble or dissatisfaction
on their part, were in the habit of running off to
the President of the United States, besieging him
day after day about the little affairs of the streets,
grounds, and roads of this city, in that way con-
verting the President of the United States into a
sort of supervisor of roads. It was thought best
to put that, officer under the charge of this new
department.
In addition to that, upon further inquiry, it was
found that there really was no supervisory power
or control over the officers of the Penitentiary, and
probably that was the reason why this institution
had be<^i so badly managed. The bill, therefore,
at the recommendation of the Secretary of the
Treasury, contained another section, putting the
control of the Penitentiary under the charge ot the
new Secretary, and this made up the entire bill so
far as it related to the organization of this depart-
ment.
And here every gentleman would naturally ask
 it was the first question usually asked—what
■was to be the cost of this new organization? Upon
that point he had to say, that upon the plan pro-
posed by the Secretary of the Treasury, only two
new officers were created for this enure depart-
ment—a secretary and a clerk; and the result was
effected in this way:
The General Land Office, with all its heads,
clerks, and machinery—the Pension Office—the
Indian Department—the Patent Office, with all
their heads, clerks, and machinery, were trans-
feired to this new department, without creating
any new clerks; so that the entire expense of this
department to the Government would be the salary
of the Secretary of the Department and of his chief
clerk; that was all. So much for the proposed
slew department.
The Secretary of the Treasury, in his annual
report, m order to give efficiency to the Treasury
Department, (the great object "contemplated by
these changes,) proposed the creation of two new
bureaus, or rather offices, in his office; and this
bill provided for them also. But that was a matter
entiiely distinct and independent of the organiza-
tion of the new depariment. The lull, in fact, con-
sisted of two distinct branches, both of wiiich were
intended to effect the same purpose, but either of
which might be passed upon without impairing
the other. They both had for their object to give
additional efficiency to the existing departments of
the Government, and especially to the Department
of the Treasury.
The Secretary of the Treasury reco'mrciended
that an assistant secietary should Jae provided for
that department, whose general duty should be to
supervise all letters, all contracts, all warrants,
and all other papers that were prepared by the
subordinates of the Treasury Department before
they were presented to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury for his signature. Now, when the law required
the Secretary of the Treasury to put his signature
to these papers, it was, as a matter of course, in-
tended that he should exercise a supervisory power
over all contracts, warrants, and so forth. From
the vast and complicated duties of the Secretary of
theTreasury, every gentleman having any business
or intercourse with the Treasury Department kne$?
that it was utterly impossible for the Secretary to
revise and examine the innumerable papers, con-
tracts, warrants, and other papers of a thousand
descriptions presented to him before they were
signed by him. It was, therefore, highly proper
for the public protection, as well as on account of
the unavoidable difficulties experienced in the dis-
charge of these duties, that there should be some
officer intervening between the Secretary of the
Treasury and the subordinates who prepared these
important papers.
This bill proposed the appointment of :an as-
sistant secretary, whose special and entire duty it
should be to examine all letters, contracts, war-
rants, and other papers prepared by the subordi-
nates, to supervise them, and to see that they were
correct and proper before they were presented to
the Secretary of the Treasury for his signature.
This assistant secretary, as the Secretary of the
Treasury remarked in his report, should be a man
possessing the highest talent as well as the best
business capacity. And it must be apparent that
such an officer would be of vast aid and import-
ance, not only to the Secretary of the Treasury,
but to the public. The salary proposed to be given
to the assistant secretary was the sarae as that
which was allowed to the auditors of the treas-
urv.
The Secretary of the Treasury further recom-
mended the appointment of an additional bureau
of the Treasury Department, which was also
i provided for by this bill; that was to say, he rec-
| ommended that the supervisory power over the
I receipts from the customs, and over the accounts
of collectors and other officers of the Government
! connected with the customs, should be taken from
| the First Comptroller, and that it should be put
I under the charge of a new officer, to be called tjie
j Commissioner of the Customs.
I In looking to the duties of the First Comptroller,
I as explained in Mayo's Fiscal Department, it
I would be found that there were not less than twen-
[ ty-six distinct bureaus; and that if a Commissioner
of Customs should be appointed, there would still
remain more than twenty bureaus over which the
First Comptroller would have charge. Now, when
it was recollected that at least nine parts out of
ten of all the revenues of the nation were derived
from the customs—and probably even more—it
must be apparent that a commissioner, whose
duty it should be to superintend that vast and com-
plicated machinery, was indispensably necessary
to a Government having a commerce so expanded
and so expanding as that of the United States.
Alieady the First Comptroller of the Treasury,
as that department of the Government was now
organized, independent of these three or four and
twenty bureaus, was obliged to have charge over
our extended system of custom-honsesaml custom-
I house officers connected with theTreasury Depart-
1 ment; which, of themselves, were so complicated,
that it would require the time and the care of the
! most efficient officer to discharge the numerous
i and important duties. It was a fact, probably
well known to the members of this H^fcse, that
the very expenditures of the revenue department,
which never appeared on the face of the appropri-
' ation bills, weie equal to three-fourths of the ex-
penditures ofall the civil departments of the Gov-
1 ernment; that the expenditures of the Treasury
. Department were in the neighborhood of three
1 millions of dollars, ail of which was under the con-
i trol of the First Comptroller of theTreasury. In-
i numerable questions arose as to whether goods
were to be charged this, that, or the other rate of
duty. And he had been informed that often, when
merchants made application here, the consequence
was, the First Comptroller being overloaded with
business, that months passed by before it was pos-
sible to get a decision upon questions that ought to
be decided in an hour.
The bill proposed to give to the commissioner
the same salary as was given to the auditors of the
department; and it took away from the First
Comptroller the duties connected with the customs,
and with the collcctors, and ail officers connected
with the customs-, and it transferred al! the clerks
that belonged to that department, and who werg ■
engaged in these duties, to the Commissioner of
Customs. The bill proposed to give to the Com-
missioner of Customs a clerk, so that if it should
go into operation, according to the estimates pre-
sented by the Secretary of the Treasury, the whole
additional expense of creating this department, and
of providing these additional officers, would be
seventeen thousand five hundred dollars annually.
In his annual report, the Secretary said the addi-
tional expense would not exceed thesum of twenty
thousand dollars; and any gentleman, who knew
the vast importance of giving efficiency to these
various departments, would consider that sum a
matter of no importance.
He believed, that with the explanation he had
made, the character of the bill would be understood
by everybody. And whoever would read the re-
port of the Secretary of the Treasury would •under-
stand its character, its objects, and purposes, with-
out any explanation from himself (Mr. V.) or
from any other quarter.
Before he took his seat, he desired to say to the
friends of the bill, that if it should not be ordered
to be engrossed this day, it was gone for this ses-
sion, and gone forever.. And the only mode by
which the sense of the House could be tested, was
for the fiiends of the bill to refuse to adjourn—to
vote against its commitment—to vote against laying -
it on the table—to refuse to postpone it—and to
vote against every motioa other than tjhat which
would bring'the House to a direct vote upon the
engrossment. Every other motion would be but
an attempt to kill the bill by a side-blow. He
made these remarks, so that when such motions
were made, if they should be made, the friends of
the bill would understand what was their scope,
and what would be their effect.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, said that he had not
looked into the merits of this bill. It was impos-
sible that he should have done so. It was impos-
sible for any member, unless he was one of the
Committee of Ways and Means who had had an-
opportunity to see the bill before it had been re-
ported, to give any opinion whatever upon its
merits. He apprehended that it was the first time
in the history of the legislation of this House where
members had been called upon to pass a bill of this
character—completely changing, as "it did, an im-
portant. department of the Government—without
one single moment having been given for dehbera-
tion.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,] in his
concluding remarks, had said that, with the ex-
planation of the bill which he had given, gentle-
men on all sides of the House would be enabled to
pass upon its merits. Now, even if he (Mr. C.)
had had the pleasure of hearing the argument of
the gentleman, he (Mr. C.) denied utterly that
members could with any piopriety be called upon to
vote foi a bill of this description upon explanations
given even by the distinguished chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means. But it was known
that such was the state of conft'f-'.o.i existing in the
| Hail whilst the gentleman was making his remarks,
that, with a few exceptions, the ir.embeis were
utterly precluded even from understanding the
; tenor of his argument. What were the reasons
' presented by the gentleman in favor of the passage
i of this bill? He (Mr. C.) asked gsntlemen on
1 that side of the House, whose cordial support and
: cooperation towaids the passage cf the bill upon
; that gentleman's statement—
J Mr. VINTON interposed, and was understood
' to remark that he had spoken of the friends of the
! bill generally, and that lie trusted it had friends on
| all sides of the House.
{ Mr. COBB continued. He was (he said) about
j to remark that the gentleman from Ohio seemed to
| think, from his remarks, that gentlemen on that
| side of the House should rally to the support of
