516
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 12,
the bill because it had met his [Mr. Vinton s]
favor, and because it had been reported by him,
as the head of the Committee of Ways and >
aieans; whilst gentlemen on his (Mr. C.'s) side |
were to approve and support it because it met the j
approbation of the Secretary of the Treasury. [
He (Mr. C.) was not disposed to support any
measure of this sort on the recommendation of the
one or the approval of the other. He desired to
examine it for himself. And he would say to the
gentleman from Ohio, and to the friends ot the
bill, that if, when the motion had been made to
suspend the rules, notice had been given that it
'"v/as their intention to emleavor to force it to a vote,
they never could have obtained a vote of two-thirds
for its introduction. The House, out of courtesy
to the chairman of the Committee of "Ways and
Means, who, by his position, was known to have
charge of the important measures of Congress,
was niduccd to suspend the rules. The nature of
tlie biH was not even mentioned. Tne House, in
the kindest courtesy towards the gentleman from
Ohio, and to his position, allowed the bill to come
in—a m!!, probably, the most important of its
kind t'lat had been presented to the consideration
of Congress; and gentlemen were called upon to
vote upon the question of its engrossment, without
having known or heard anything of its merits or
details, except from the reading it had had by the
Clerk.
The gentleman had called upon its friends not
to adjourn until it had been engrossed. Why did
he not call upon them to pass it, also > The gen- !
ileman well knew, that after the bill had been |
ordered to be engrossed by a blindfold vote on the |
part of the House, it was beyond the leach of ;
amendment. - I
Mr. VINTON interposed with a remark, of ;
which nothing could be heard by the reporter ex- ■
cept that he had moved to make the bill the special
order of the day for Friday next, and that he be- ;
}ieved the gentleman from Geoigia [Mr. Cobb] j
had voted against that motion. _ j
Mi". COBB continued. He had, he said, voted 1
against that motion, and he would repeat the vote ;
iFthe question were again presented; and the vote
upon that motion showed the gentleman from Ohio
that two-thirds of the members could not have
intended that the bill should be put on its passage
to-day, since two-thirds were not even willing to
make it the special order for Friday next. He
(Mr. C.) thanked the gentleman for the suggestion
he had thrown out. It confirmed him (Mr. C.) in
the correctness of the point he had made. If two-
thirds of the members of this House had been
willing to place themselves in a position to force
the bill to its passage, then they would have gone
in favor of making the bill the special order for
Friday next. Butbecause the bill had been intro-
duced, and the House was not willing to make it
the special order because they desired further time
for consideration, and because they were not wil- j
ling to lay aside all other business for the purpose
of taking it up, was that the only justification
which the gentleman had for attempting to force
it to a vote to-day ?
But, at the time he was interrupted by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, he (Mr. C.) was going on to
remark that they were called upon to put the bill
in a situation where it could not be amended—to
put it beyond the power of the House to ingraft
any amendment upon it—to place it in a condition
to be passed in the form in which it had been pre-
sented to the House, or to be defeated, and that,
too, without the House understanding its details.
The gentleman from New York, [Mr. White,]
at the head of another committee, (on Agriculture,)
had asked leave to report a bill of the same kind.
The gentleman desired that it might be placed on
the same footing with the bill now before the
House; that both might be considered, and the
merits of each be fairly canvassed. Jt was due to
that gentleman, and to the committee, who were
prepaied to report the bill which the gentleman
said he was ready to report, that it, with tins,
should go to the Committee of the Whole on the :
state of (he Union, and be printed—in order that j
the House might act understandingly and advi- I
sedly. Why was it that, at this late p'eriod of the
session, this measure was thus to be hurried
through? if it was a measure of such vast import- J
anc.e, if it was necessary to have another Cabinet
officer just at this particular period of our history, i
why was it that the gentleman from Ohio, and the |
Committee of Way's and Means, who had charge
of the subject, and who had had under considera-
tion, from the commencement of the session, the
report of the Secretary of the Treasury, had not,
until this, late hour, reported the bill ? Why was
it not brought forward at an earlier day > It it
was so vastly important, if its prtneiples were so
plain and its importance so paramount, that it-was
to be put upon its passage without consideration
or debate, or even without being printed, the ge*n-
tleman at the head of the Committee of Ways and
Means would find it difficult to justify himself for
so loncde'ayinc to bring the matter to the consid-
eration of the House. He (Mr. C.) would appeal
to members on all sides of the House—whether in
| favor of the geneial principles-of the bill or not—
he would appeal to them to put their feet on this
movement. It was due io gentlemen on the one,
as well as on the other side of the House, that
they should not be dragooned into the passage of
a bill about which they knew nothing beyond the
remarks which had been made by the gentleman
who i e pot ted it. No report had accompanied the
bill. Beyond the explanations which - had been
given by the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, and these explanations heard only by
one-third of the-members, nothing was known of
the bill; and upon these explanations gentlemen
were to be called upon to vote; and tnat, too,
whilst another measure covering the same ground,
designed for the same purpose, prepared by another
committee, was also to be submitted, when ai>
opportunity would be afforded of comparing the
relative merits of both—taking what was good
f.-.im one and the other—and framing from both
such a bill as, upon due consideration, might re-
ceive the approbation of the House.
He said that the mere fact of adding another
Cabinet officer to the Government wtsnot a suffi-
cient justification of this hasty proceeding. _ From
the explanations of the gentleman from Ohio, and
which, as lie (Mr. C.) had said, were so imper-
fectly heard, and from the reading of the bill,
he understood the whole purport of the measure
to be, to add a Cabinet officer to the Government.
It changed the Department of the Treasury as well
as the Department of State. He did not say that
by the gentleman from Ohio to vote against ad-
journment, to vote against all kinds of motions.
Let nothing be done, said the gentleman, till we-
get a new Cabinet officer fairly fixed upon the
Government. This fairly and legitimately trans-
lated, was the English of his appeal. Against
every such movement he (Mr. C.) would go. He
condemned is. He trusted the House would con-
demn it. It deserved to be condemned. He die!
not wish to be understood as avowing himself
against the principles of the bill. At a proper
time, when he had had an opportunity to examine
into details, he nng'ht be in favor of the reorgani-
zation of the departments. There might be good
reasons for sochra proceeding. Good reasons had
been urged heretofore. They had had their fuii
influence. And he desired to understand the de-
tails of the measure, and the extent to which they
were to go, before he coald give his vote for a
bill of this importance.
Mr. BRODHEAD. What is the motion pend-
ing? To refer the bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. To refer to the Committee
of the Whole on the state'of the Union.
Mr. BR.ODHEAD said he could not concur m
all that had been sjiicl by the gentleman from
Georgia, who had just taken his seat. He could
not think that his complaints against the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means were very well founded.
The gentleman complained that this measure had
not been brought before this House at the last
session of the present Congress by the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means. The answer
to that was, that the Secretary of the Treasury,and
those having charge of the public interests at the
executive department had not then recommended
it. He consideied that a very good answer. If
any complaint was to be made, it should be against
those at the other end of the avenue. He believed
this was a good measure—at any rate in its prin-
ciples; but he did not wish to vote upon it to-day.
The gentleman from Geoigia said he did not know
that he was opposed to the principles of this bill.
He (Mr. B.) was in favor of it. 3t had been pend-
ing before this House since the opening of the
session. Gentlemen had therefore considered is.
such a measure* when duly considered, and at a " at any rate tney ought to have considered it, be-
nroner time, ouehtnorto be passed. But he said h cause the Sewetary of the Treasury had brought
that this mode of changing the departments, this ji it to the attention of the House at the opening ot
hasty mode of carrying on legislation upon ques- j
tions of such importance, should not receive the :
sanction of this House, as he knew it could not
receive the approbation of the people.
The gentleman had said to the friends of the bill,
that unTess it was engrossed it would be defeated.
If this were so, other measures of equal import- j
ance would also be defeated. Let the bill take
the fate of all bills which were brought in at the
close of a short session of Congress. Let the gen-
tleman from Ohio learn, that if the measure was so
important, he who had been at the head of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means during the last session
of Congress, when there could have been no reason
to inquire into the motive for the introduction of
such a bill, could have brought it forward then.
But it seemed that, during the last session, the
chairman had slept over this important matter,
and that he did not then see that the great interests
of the country required the creation- of another
Cabinet officer. The gentleman had slept over it
until this late period. He had waked up at the elev-
enth hour, and desired to wake up this House; or
rather, he (Mr. C.) believed the gentleman desired
the House to vote upon it whilst still sleeping and
dreaming; for it was not to be enlightened as to the
merits of the bill. If the country suffered for the
want of such a measure, the responsibility rested
upon the gentleman from Ohio. It had been rec-
ommended to Congress time and again during
many Administrations. It had not yet received
the favorable action of former Congresses, though
the most ample time had been given for investiga-
tion. -^jAnd he could not sanction it at a time when
nothing was known of its merits, and when the
House was ignorant of the details of the bill.
He pronounced this the strangest proceeding
that he had witnessed since he became a member
of this body. It was an unparalleled thing that
an effort should be made to create so radical a
change in one of the most important branches of
the Government on the very day on which the
measure was introduced. The friends of the bill,
the friends of a new Cabinet officer, were rallied
the session. The chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means informed this House, upon the
introduction of the bill this morning, that shortly
after the meeting of Congress, in December last,
he called upon the Secretary of the Treasury to
give to this House his plan in the shape of a bill.
That bill had not come from the Treasury Depart-
ment until a few days since. It therefore could not
have been presented to this House until this time.
Mr. VINTON interposed, and (the flo*>r having
been yielded) explained that he had not stated
whether he called upon the Secretary of the Treas-
uiy immediately after the meeting of Congress or
not. The facts were these: the Committee of Ways
and Means, in the first place, had felt it to be their
duty to prepare the necessary appropriation bills.
He spoke of the great amount of labor and time
which thecommittee had devoted to them,and said,
as soon as the appropriation bills had been prepared
this subject had been taken up, and not before; and
when it was taken up under the direction of the
Committee of Ways and Means, he had cahed
upon the Secretary of the Treasury. A-month or
more of the session had passed before he had called
upon that officer, because during that time he hall
been engaged, and the committee had been engaged,
in business more indispensable. Every gentleman
knew the rule of the House required the Committee
of Ways and Means to report the general appro-
priation bills in thirty days after the commence-
ment of the session, and at this short session t ey
should have been reported as early as that at all
events «
Mr.'BRODHEAD resumed. This bill came
from the proper place—from the Secretary of the
Treasury, who had had this measure under con-
sideration for some time past. - It came from an
officer peculiarly qualified to prepare it. He (Mr.
B ) did not pretend to say it was peifect in all its
details He did not care if it did at this juncture
create an Sditional Cabinet officer, if the interests
of the country required it. He believed the Gov-
ernment had outgrown the offices, as they were
organized some time since.
