1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
517
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, (in his seat.) It has not
thrown the applications for office.
Mr. BRODHEAD, (continuing.) Although it
had not outgrown the applications, those at the
head of the departments could not discharge their
duties as they ought to be discharged. Although
the bill might create an additional Cabinet officer,
if the interests of the country required it at this
time, he was wKling to go for it; and he believed,
if the Democratic party came into power—as they
certainly would—they would be willing to avail
themselves of it.
-• "He did not wish to -vote upon the bill to-day.
He thought the motion of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means to postpone the
bill to Friday was the proper one; and gentlemen
oh this side of the House had no right to complain,
if they refused to set apart a day for its considera-
tion, if they were called to vote upon it to-day.
He would inquire of the Speaker if it would be
in order to move to postpone the fui ther consid-
eration of the bill till Thursday, and that it be
printed ?
The SPEAKER replied, that the motion would
be ia order, and would have priority over the mo-
tion to refer.
Mr. VINTON. I suggest to the gentleman that
conclusion at this time, for he was not at all fa-
miliar with its provisions, he did not know their
extent and character, and he would be voting in
the dark. He should rather vote against it than
for it, under these circumstances. But he did not
see how any gentleman who admitted it to be im-
portant, and that he was not against the principles
of the bill, could refuse to take it up at some rea-
sonable time and consider it.
Mr. COBB (interposing) said there might be
many good reasons. One was, that there were
other important measures sufficient to occupy the
attention of the House during the remainder of the
session, and which had precedence over this bill,
not only in the order of business, but in the im-
portance of their provisions.
Mr. STANTON admitted that there were other
very important measures, but he doubted whether
the most important measure of this session would'
be acted upon. If it should be acted upon effi-
ciently, it could be disposed of in a very short time.
If this bill ought to be passed, if the necessity of
the case was such as to require the establish-
ment of this new department, he apprehended it
would require but a short time. But gentlemen
should give them time to look into the bill and
examine its provisions. It might be true that it
he so modify his motion as to continue the special ji would eive to gentlemen on the other side of the
order from day to day until disposed of. |, House "another office or more to dispose of, but
Mr. BRODHEAD. I make that motion, and I ,, they would be in need of-them and a great deal
demand the previous question. || more before they could satisfy the numerous ap-
The SPEAKER. The previous question, if;; licants for office, who he supposed were already
seconded, would cut off the motion to postpone, |l pressing their claims.
and bring the House to vote first upon the refer-
ence of the bill.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I withdraw the demand for
the previous question, then.
The question being on the motion to postpone
and print—
Mr. WENTWORTH inquired if the motion
was divisible?
The SPEAKER replied that it was, and that the
motion to postpone .would only require a majority
to pass it.
Mr. WENTWORTH was understood to call
for such division.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, suggested that if
the bill were postponed until Thursday, it would
come in conflict with the business provided for in
the rule recently adopted on his motion, which re-
quired the calendar of the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union to be called over every
Thursday, that the committee might act upon such
bills as were not objected to. He hoped gentle-
men would not change the order of busines for that
day. It would be doing injustice to gentlemen on
all sides of the House. -
The SPEAKER suggested to Mr. Brodhead
Mr. HAMMONS interrupted, with a point of
order, contending that the gentleman was tran-
scending the limits of debate allowed under the
rule.
The SPEAKER reminded the gentleman that
upon this motion remarks were not in order upon
the merits of the bill, but that they must be con-
fined to the question of postponing to a particular
day.
Mr. STANTON (resuming) desired to say in a
few words, in conclusion, that the question whether
this bill would give to the incoming Admmistiatiort
the appointment of a few additional offices 'or not,
was not the question which operated upon his
mind. It was, whether the necessities of theGov-
ernment required the creation of these officers. If,
upon the consideration of the bill, it appeared that
they were required, he should vote for it, whoever
might have the appointment of the officers.
Mr. VINTON desired to say one word. The
House had already expressed its opinion against
making this a special order. If they reconsidered
the vote, the question returned, and the probability
was, that they would have a motion to divide the
question, so us to vote first on the postponement,
that if he wished ag tin to try the question of post- j' and then on the special order. Now, if a major-
rirtmno1 hill fn "RViflav if1 mio-hf Kp rlnnp Kit i! I -.r C TU A
poning the bill to Friday, it might he done by
moving to reconsider the vote by which that motion
had been rejected.
Mr. BRODHEAD thereupon withdrew the mo-
tion to postpone until Thursday, and moved to
reconsider the vote by which the motion of Mr.
Vinton to postpone it till Friday, and make it a
special order, had been rejected.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, inquired if the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania voted with the prevail-
ing side upon that question ?
Mr. BRODHRA.D replied that he did not. Of
course, he could not therefore make the motion.
Mr. PECK (who had voted with the prevailing
side) moved to reconsider the vote.
Mr. STANTON said he desired to say, in a
very few words, that he was among those who
had voted for making this bill a special order 
Mr! WENTWORTH. Is the motion to recon-
sider debatable?
The SPEAKER replied that it was debatable
only within very narrow limits; that debate must
apply to the question of postponement, and not to
the merits of the bill.
Mr. STANTON (resuming) said he was going
to remark, that he was among those who had voted
for making the bill the order of the day for Friday
next, and he thought upon the argument presented
by the gentleman "from Georgia himself, that this
bill ought to be made the order of the day for some
particular time. He understood the gentleman in
his argument to admit that the subject was an im-
portant one, and that some action was necessary
upon it. He would agree with the gentleman in
voting against this bill, if it should be passed to a
ity of the House voted for the postponement, and
then two-thirds did not vote to make it a special
order, there was an end of the bill.
On the other hand, if a majority of the House
voted against postponing, the special order fell as
a matter of course. He was very sure, under
these circumstances, that to reconsider the \ote
would be to involve themselves in difficulty under
which the bill would fall. He thought, therefore,
that they should hold on to the bill, and take the
question upon its engrossment to-day.
Mr. PECK sa;d he had made the motion to re-
consider, in perfect good faith. He had voted
against the motion to make it a special order on
Friday, for the reason that he did not believe that
there was time during the remainder of this short
session, properly to consider so important a meas-
ure. But he had become satisfied, by the vote of
the House upon the motion, that the majority of
the House were probably ready to force the bill
through this day, even without allowing gentlemen
an opportunity to bccome acquainted with the de-
tails of the bill. He had therefore changed his
opinion, and now thought it was better to have
even the short time between this and Friday, and
have the bill printed, that gentlemen might be en-
abled to examine it. He hoped, therefore, that
gentlemen on this side of the House, who desired
time to examine the bill, if that was the true rea-
son which governed their vote, would vote in favor
of the reconsideration of the bill, and then vote
[ with gentlemen on the other side to make itaspe-
1 cial order for Friday next, as he should do him-
! self.
he would better accomplish his purpose by allow-
ing the bill to be engrossed to-day. tf that vote
was taken, he would move to reconsider it, and
let the motion lie over, so that the gentleman and
the House would have theopporkmity to examine
the bill, and vote upon the reconsideration after
full time had been given to look into aH its details.
Mr. PECK said he understood that the bill
would not then be open to amendment.
Mr. VINTON replied that it would be. If the
House reconsidered the engrossment, the bill would
then stand piecisely where it was now.
The House would understand that he proposed
that the bill should be ordered to be engrossed, and
then to move to reconsider that vote, and allow
that motion to lie over upon the Speaker's table
for the future action of the House.
In the mean time the gentleman could examine
the bill in all its details, and if the House were dis-
satisfied with it, they could vote to reconsider (he
engrossment, and amend it or dispose of it at their
pleasure. -
Mr. PECK said that the gentleman could give
no assurance, if it was engrossed, that the vote
would be reconsidered.
Mr. HARALSON, remarl ting that he saw no
necessity for further discussion upon the question
of reconsideration, moved the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question was oidered.
Mr. CLINGMAN inquired if a motion to lay
the motion to reconsideron the table was m order?
The SPEAKER replied that it was.
Mr. CLINGMAN made that motion,
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, inquired
what would be the effect of the motion ?
The SPEAKER replied that it would be simply
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table,
leaving the bill before the House,
The question was taken, and the motion to re-
consider was laid on the table.
The questipn recurring *on the motion of Mr.
Cobb to commit the bill—
Mr. WHITE inquired whether the bill was now
before the House ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. WHITE. And open to amendment?
The SPEAKER. Not while the motion to com-
mit is pending*.
Mr. WHITE. I desire, when the bill comes
up for consideration, to move, as an amendment,
the bill which I reported from the Committee on
j Agriculture.
Mr. WENTWORTH rose and said he would
move the previous question, and demanded the
: yeas and nays. He was not, however; recognised
by the Chair, but the floor was given to—
Mr. ASHMUN, who inquired what would be
the effect of the previous question ?
The SPEAKER. To bring the House.to vote
first upon the motion to commit, and then, if that
motion is rejected, upon the engrossment of the
bill.
Mr. ASHMUN moved the previous question.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved a call of the
House.
Mr. McLANE. Do I understand that the effect
of the previous question would be to cut off all
amendments ?
The SPEAKER again stated that the previous
question, if sustained, would bring the House to
vote first on the motion to commit, and that fail-
ing, upon the engrossment of the bill.
Mr. WENTWORTH asked the yeas and nays
on his motion for a call of the House.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, and the
motion was rejected.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question was ordered, (being first on the
motion of Mr. Cobb to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.)
Mr. COBB asked the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
The question was taken, and the vote stood—
yeas 77, nays 109—as follows;
YEAS—Atkinson, Bayly, Beale, Bedtnser, Bing-
ham BircWU, Bocoek, TJowhn. Bind, Budge-?, W'dliam G.
Brown, Burl. Chase', FianUtn Clark, Howell C';>t i>, Wil-
liamson R. VV. Cobb. Collins, Cummins, Uinitl, barlinp,
Farnn, Featlurstoij, Fieklm, Fieneh, Fries?, Ciossm, VV. P.
nail, ilnimuons, Haralson, H.nman-son, Hams. tki.U'y, Hill,
Q. S. Houston, [verson, Jenkins, James H. Johnson. Robert
W. Johnson, Geonre W. Jones, Kaufman, Ldiui). La ^ere,
Sidney linwrencc, heftl"), Lumpkin, MeClclhuuL MeOr.
muvi, MeLaiie, McQueen. Job Mann, Meade, Miller, Morris,
Morse, Feaslce, Peek, i'etut, Pevton, Phelps", Pilsbui'}, Kieh-
