1849/
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
519
1848, limited pensions to the widows of all, such
officers and soldiers as were killed in battle in
Mexico or died of the wounds received, or of dis-
eases contracted in the line of their duty, pro-
vided they died before their arrival home. In
many instanced, officers and soldiers had died a
day, or a few days after their return, and under
the operation of the law their widows were cot off
from pensions; while, if they had died a day or
two before, the pension would have been granted.
The bill merely extended the benefit of the act of
21st July, 1848, to the widows of all such officers
and soldiers as died after their return to the Uni-
ted States, in consequence of diseases contracted in
the line of their duty. He trusted that no objec-
tion would be made to the bill.
Mr. KAUFMAN inquiied whether the bill had
undergone the examination of the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. COCKE replied, that he had reported it
under the direction of that committee, under whose
instructions he now moved the previous question.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, appealed to the gentle-
man to withdraw the previous question, to enable
him to offer an amendment to include the widows
of those officers and soidiers who had served in the
Indian territory, and who (he said) were equally
entitled to pensions. 1
Mr. COCKE said, with evety disposition in the
world to accommodate the gentleman from Mis- j
souri, he did not feel authorized to comply with j
the gentleman's request, as the committee had not j
had under consideration that subject, but had j
directed him to report this bill, with the simple
object of remedying a defect in the law of 1848. \
The bill having been read-— !
The previous question was seconded, and under :
its operation, the bill was ordered to be engrossed, '
read a third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. COCKE, a motion to recon-
sider the vote just taken was laid on the table.
PAY DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY.
Mr. BURT moved that the Committee of the
Whol<5 on the state of the Union be discharged from |
the consideration of the bill which had been re- |
ported from the Committee on Military Affairs, to ■
reorganize the Pay department of the army. The j
House, he said, would remember that, at the last j
session of Congress, a law had passed suspending j
the laws which had been enacted during the exist-
ence of the war with Mexico, in relation to the ,
Pay department of the army. He was -authorized \
by the Committee on Military Affaire to assure the j
House that legislation on the subject of that de-
partment was absolutely indispensable during this I
session of Congress.
He had risen to ask the House, inasmuch as the j
bill contained no appropriation, that the committee j
be discharged from its further consideration, and ;
that it lie upon the Speaker's table. He did not ;
ask that the bill be now put upon its passage. |
No objection being made, the Committee of the ;
Whole on the state of the Union were discharged '
from the further consideration of the bill, and it
took its place upon the Speaker's table.
MILEAGE AND PER DIEM TO MR. BOTTS.
Mr. SCHENCK moved a suspension of the
rules, to enabie him to offer the following resolu-
*l0Resoh'e<t, Tli.it tile Clerk he diicctcd to pay to John M.
Botta out of the cnntintT'-nt ("nil of this House, pei dicin
and mileage from the fourth day of Di-cemuei, 1843, to the ;
sixth day of June. 1844, inclusive, dnrnia winch time said
Bolts was attending on the House, and before the Comm it-
tec of Elections, contesting the sear of John W. Jones, a
Representative Irani Virginia in the 58th Congress.
Mr. JONES; of Tennessee, asked the yeas and
nays; which were not ordered.
The question haviftg been taken, the rules were
suspended, and the resolution was received.
Mr. SCHENCK said he did not wish to detain ,
the House with any remarks. He would, how-
ever, state that he was the only surviving member
on this floor of the Committee on Elections, who 1
originally had this esse under consideration; that
it was the opinion of that committee that the claim ;
ought to be allowed in the same manner as the j
claim of Mr. Goggin had been allowed at the same ,
session. He (Mr. S.) hall attempted to get in a |
resolution for that purpose at the close of the ses- |
sion, which had been overrode by other matters, j
He had also made the effort to attach it as an ;
amendment to the general appropriation bill. The j
chairman of the Committee of the Whole on the J
state of the Union, at that time—as other chairmen I
sometimes did—had ruled it out of order, over- !
looking the fact that the claim of Mr.Goggtn had '
been passed in that way. He knew the claim to be !
just. He demanded the previous question.
Mr. BRODHEAD suggested to the gentleman j
to modify his resolution, so as to include similar i
compensation to his colleague, [Mr. C. J. Inger- j
soll,J who contested, and successfully contested !
the seat of Mr. Naylor, in the 27th Congress. j
After a word of conversation between Mr. FA- |
RAN and Mr. SCHENCK, in which the former
was understood to refer to opposition which had
been made by him to the allowance of this claim
at a former session, and to say that upon subse-
quent examination -he had changed his mind, and
now considered that it should be allowed.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. MURPHY asked the yeas and nays oil the
adoption of the resolution, which, by tellers, were
ordered, and being taken, were—yeas 106, nays 56.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote,
and that that motion be laid on the table.
No objection having been made, it was ordered
accordingly.
the wimiot proviso, etc.
Mr. WALLACE rose, and asked the general I
consent of the House, at this time, to present cer-
tain joint resolutions of the Legislature of South
Carolina.
No objection being.made, Mr. Wallace pre-
sented the joint resolutions, as follows:
Tile Joint Committee of the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives upon Federal Isolations, to which were referred so
much of tile Governor's message as relates to the agitation
of slavery, and sundry resolutions upon the same subject,
beg leave to report the following resolution, as expressing
the undivided opinion of this I.egislatuie upon the WiJmot
proviso, and all similar violations of the great principle of
equality which South Carolina has so long and so ardently
maintained should govern the action of the Slates and the
laws of Conirress upon all matters affecting the rights and
interests of any member of this Union :
Reso'.vei, unanimously, That the tune for discussion by the
slaveholdlllg States as to their exclusion from the territoiy
recently acquired from Mevico has passed, and that this
General Assembly, representing the feelings of the State of
South Carolina, is piepared to cooperate with her sister
States in resisLmg the application of the principles of the
Wilmot pioviso to such territory, at any and every hazard.
Resolved, unanimously, That the Governor be requested to
transmit a r-ofiv of this repuitto the Governors of each of the
States of this Union, and to our Senators and Representa-
tives in the Congress of the United States.
Mr. W. said he was aware that debate was not
allowed on an occasion of this kind. Gentlemen
on this floor would do him the justice to admit
that during the brief, period he had had the honor
of a seat here, he had trespassed very little on the
time of the House. He asked the indulgence of
the House whilst he made a few remarks in ex-
planation of these resolutions.
The SPEAKER said if there was no objection,
the gentleman would proceed.
No objection was made.
The reading of the resolutions was called for, and
they were read.
Mr. WALLACE was about to proceed with his
remarks.
Mr. CUMMINS asked leave to offer a resolu-
tion of inquiry.
Mr. WALLACE said he would not detain the
House many minutes.
The SPEAKER said the House by unanimous
consent had read the resolutions of the Legislature
of South Carolina, and the gentleman from South
Carolina was entitled to the floor.
A brief conversation followed on apoint of form,
touching the resolution, between Mr. COLLA-
MER and the SPEAKER.'
Mr. WALLACE being about to proceed—
Mr. GIDDINGS rose to a question of order.
Did lie (he inquired) understand that the subject
was debatable ?
The SPEAKER said, Clearly not, without unan-
imous consent.
Mr. GIDDINGS. As a member of the House,
I cannot 
[Cries of " Too late, too late."]
The SPEAKER. The Chair distinctly an-
| nounced that-the gentleman from South Carolina
| [Mr. Wallace] could go on by unanimous con-
- sent. That consent \v.3S given.
; Mr. GIDDINGS. I did not know it.
1 The SPEAKER. The gentleman from South
i Carolina will proceed with his remarks.
Mr. WALLACE then addressed the House as
follows: f .
Mr. Speaker: I rise, sir, as I have stated, to'
present-to this House certain resolutions, which
were unanimously passed by the General Assem-,
bly of the State of South Carolina, in December
last, in reference to the introduction of slavery into
the territorial districts of the United States; and I
avail myself of the opportunity thus afforded m«
to express my cordial concurrence in the principles
they assert and the sentiments they express.
I claim, sir, to know something of the people
whose representatives have passed these resolu-
tians, and sent them here. They need no eulogy
of mine. That eulogy which is their due is writ-
ten upon the page of our country's history, in
every trying scene through which that country has
passed; and I feel, sir, that lean stand upon this
floor, in presence of the assembled representatives
of this Federal Union, and point with .patriotic
pride to the records of that history to prove the
I fact, that in every period of their political exist-
ence, they have, both *at home and abroad, in
peace and in war, in the cabinet and the field, given
the very highest evidence which patriots can give
of their devotion to the Constitution, and for the
preservation of which they are at all times ready
to lay down their lives. And I hesitate rfct to de-
clare, that it is this very devotion of the peoplfe of.
I South Carolina to the Constitution, and to the
j fundamental principles of political and civil liberty,
I which it guaranties alike to all, that has prompted
their repiesentatives to pass the resolutions which
I now have the honor to present.
It would, Mr. Speaker, be a very great error to
suppose that these resolutions were passed without
due consideration, in a moment of excitement; that
they are merely the result of a hasty ebullition of
feeling without sufficient cause, and that the grave
and important resolve therein embodied will be
abandoned the moment this feeling of excitement
shall have passed away.
Knowing as 1 do the cause which led to their
enactment, it is due alike to truth and to candor,
that I should assert, as my deliberate opinion, that
the people of South Carolina will never abandon
the position assumed by these resolutions, and
that they will never submit to the enforcement of
what is called the Wilmot proviso.
It is due, sir, to myself and to this House, that
I should disavow, as I do, all intention of uttering
a sentence or a word, with the view to intimidate
or to threaten. To do either the one or the other,
would not only be incompatible with that respect
which is due to this House, but would be equally
unsuited to the dignity and spirit of the people I
represent. *
It is my desire to speak the words of truth,
and soberness" only, upon a subject the most grave
and momentous which has ever been agitated with-
in this Hall. The truth can be no longer disguised
that we are approaching a most fearful conjunc-
ture—a conjuncture which involves the very exist-
ence of the' institutions under which we live; and
he who attempts to disguise this truth is an enemy
to his country, and to the best interests of man-
kind.
The greatest political wisdom, the most exalted
public virtue, are now demanded, and their most
active energies invoked, to avert, if it be possible,
the impending dangers which hang, dark and om-
inous like a funeral pall, over our future history.
The history, sir, of every age the world
,, teaches us, that power unchecked and uncontrolled
is incompatible with the existence of human liber-
ty; it goes on from one step of misrule to another,
■; until the liberties of the people are swallowed up
ji in the vortex of despotism. In absolute govern-
t! ments, revolution is the only mode by which the
i! tyrant can be overthrown. In limited monarchies
\\ hke that of England, the House of Commons—
the taxing power—can compel reform by with-
holding the supplies which are necessary to the
i , administration of the affairs ©f government. But
!| the Government under which we live difters widely
l| from both of these. Our Government is twofold.
It is a government of the whole, and al&o a govern-
I; meat of integral parts; and the great end for which tht
> government of the whole was formed^ in to protect and
defend the parts, and not to subjugate and destroy
them; and when the Government of the whole fails
to accomplish the end for which it was created,
and threatens to destroy that which it was formed
to save, it becomes a most important subject of
