520
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 13,
inauirv. What conservative principle must be
resorted to, in such art emergency to interpose an
effectual check to the tyranny of an absolute ma-
iority, which overrides the Constitution, and puts
in peril the liberties of the people, by converting a
Federal Republic of sovereign and equal States intp
a consolidated despotism, against whose acts of
aggression upon the most sacred rights of the mi-
nority of co-States the Constitution no longer
affords even a feeble barrier? In such a case,
when the ends for which the Government' was
formed are no longer regarded with respect; when
the Constitution is virtually repealed; when the
sovereign and equal parties who created^ it are
threatened, as they now are, with subjugation and
overthrow, there is but one way to bring back the
Government to the principles upon wlr.eh it was
formed, aud thereby to restore the Constitution to
its position of paramount law, and to save the
Union from anarchy and revolution.
The States themselves—the sovereign parties to
the compact of XJmon, whttee rights are assailed,
and whose very existence is threatened-—are bound
to throw themselves into the breach, in their sov-
ereign character; not to destroy, but to save. - Ii the
effort be successful, the Government will be re-
formed; revolution averted; and the Constitution
and the Union saved. It' the effort fails, the mi-
nority of States will be thrown back upon the law
of self-preservation, and the duty to save themselves
becomes paramount to all oilier considerations.
Sir, there are those, myself among the number,
who belie.ve that the hour is rapidly approaching
when the minority of sovereign parties to the
compact of Union must act—upon the principles,
and to attain the great ends, to which I have re-
ferred; not by their iepresentatives in this Hall,
1 for that security has already most signally failed,
but in their sovereign chaiacter out of this Hall,
to arrest the progress of aggressions that have
already been borne until foibearance has ceascd
to be a virtue. And the friends of the Constitution
and the Union are called upon, by every consid-
eration of that duty which a patiiot owes to his
country, to come to the rescue, and to save from
desecration and violation the fairest fabric of hu-
man freedom ever erected by fallen man.
These, Mr. Speaker, are the high considerations
which, in my judgment, impelled the Legislature
of South Carolina to pass the resolutions now pre-
sented to the consideration of this honorable body;
and if it be true, as many wiser heads than mine
believe, that this struggle, so important in its prin-
ciples and results, must come, I take this occasion,
once for all, to declare that I am not in favor of
throwing upon the rising generation the continually
increasing responsibility and peril of the conflict.
To do this would be to evade the highest obliga-
tions of duty, and to act the part of a coward, ll
is our cause and our duty new, and we have no right
to leave to our children and to posterity an in-
heritance so fraught with ills and so fall of danger.
Our duty is plain. There is nothing so terrible
to the independent mind as a tame and cowardly
submission to insult and wrong. A people who j
understand and appreciate the obligations of truth, j
of justice, and of duty, will act m conformity to
the high sanctions of them all, without looking
to consequences.
Mr. W. having concludcd—
The SPEAKER inquired what disposition the
gentleman proposed to make of the resolutions?
On motion of Mr. WALLACE, the said resolu-s
tior.s were laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HUDSON asked lecftre to offer a resolution.
Mr. ASHMUN addressed the Speaker, and said
he rose upon the other motion made by the gentle-
man from South Carolina, [Mr. Wallace.]
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman propose
to debate that question?
Air. ASHMUN was understood to say that he did.
The SPEAKER stated that the gentleman must
have special liberty to proceed.
Mr. ASHMUN. The motion, I understand, is
to print the resolutions.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not debatable
to-day, as memorials and resolutions of State Legis-
latures cannot be discussed except by general con-
sent, or by suspension of the rules the day on
which they are offered.
Mr. ASHMUN. I do not intend to debate it.
X mergly ask that the first line of the first resolution
be read.
Mr. McLANE objected.
Mr. WENTWORTH rose (he said) to a point
of order. The gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Wallace] had asked the indulgence of the
House to make a speech upon these resolutions;
the House had indulged him; and he understood
now that asouthern man objected when a northern
man rose to have a part oi the resolutions lead.
He hoped that the same courtesy would be ex-
tended. He hoped that the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts would be allowed to go on.
The SPEAKER stated that the resolutions were
disposed of.
So the conversation ended. _
BOOKS.
Mr. HUDSON asked leave to offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk or this House be authorized and
requued to receive from YY. M. Morrison, from tune to time,
such hooks as he ninj deliver under the contract made by
him by virtue of the lesolutnm of the piesent session; and
that he pay lor the same as- they may he dehvrrtd, deduct-
ing out ot' the value thereof tea per cent, which he shaft
retain as seeuiity tor the peiformance of the contract.
Obiection was made.
Mr. STEPHENS moved that the House ad-
journ; but waived the motion at the suggestion of
the Speaker; and
By general consent, the following Senate bills
were read twice and referred:
An act to establish the collection district of
Brazos de Santiago, in the State of Texas.
An act to provide for an increase in the medical
staff, and for an additional number of chaplains in
the army of the United States.
The question recurring on the motion to ad-
journ—
Mr. HAMPTON, of Pennsylvania, rose to offer
a resolution.
Mr. STEPHENS withdrew the motion to ad-
journ.
The rules were then suspended to receivc the
resolution of Mr. Hudson, and it was agieed to.
A motion to reconsider this vote was, on motion
of Mr. HUDSON, iaid on the table.
Mr. GENTRY (who had unsuccessfully at-
tempted to obtain the floor before the resolution of
Mr. Hi-dson was adopted) said he had desired to
make a simple statement relative to it, and he
hoped the House would indulge him by hearing
it to-morrow morning.
A PROPOSITION TO EXPUNGE.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, (objection
being made,) moved to suspend the rules to enable
him to offer the following ttsolution:-
Wheieas, on the thnd da> of January, A. D. 1838; a "joint
resolution of thanks tu Mo;,or General Tujloij and through
him to the officer and soldiers ot the regular army and the
volunteers uniiei his command, tor theii indoui:table valoi,
skill, ant) good conduct, conspicuously diapUyui on the 22d
and "iJii da\i ot Fcbiiuti) !a-t. in the battle ot Jiuena Vista,
in de<eatir;Lf a numerous Mexican army consisting of more
than four tunes tneir number, and composed ot chosen
troops undei their tavontc commander, Genei al Santa Anna,
and thereby idt limnu a victoiy ovei the enemy which tor its
signal and brilliant chaiactei is unsurpassed in the military
annate of the world/' being introduced into the House ot
Representative-, ot the United States, a motion was made to
retei the same to the Committee on IMiutarj Aliairs, and
while said motion was p^ndins, Mr. Henley, of Indiana,
moved to amend the >ame by audi.ig thereto « with instruc-
tion-. to insert in the Paid resolution the following: 6 engaged
crikey xi ere tn defending the 'lights and honor of the country:' "
wheieupoiu a motion was made by Mr Asiimtn, ot Massa-
chusetts, to amend said instructions by adum^ thereto the
following: u in a uar iir.neressurilt) end unconslltuttonattij be-
ettn byi the President of the United Slates," winch said last
mentioned amendment was adopted by a vote ot said House
—Q2 votes in the atiirmative and tH m the negative—as ap-
pear--; by the Journal of the 3d ot January aforesaid:
And whereas said amendment, so aaopleu, is an unjust
charge aeauiatUie President ofthe Vnitcd States of disregard-
ing tnc Constitution, and of. usurping powers not comeried
by"it oi the laws of the land, and of aggiession on the part
of the Umtul Stiles on He rights of Mexico, without justi-
ncation or adequate cau.-e, which ^>id charges are not only
without evidence to sustain ilvm, but are dispiovea by the
act of Congre&s or toe iStli IVia}, 18-16, by which war was
dceiarod ag.un&t Me.xico, by a vote in the House ot Iiepre-
sentutivcs oi IT I m favor ot it and 14 against ir, and in the
Senate by a \o5e of fory in fa\or and two against it, and
which said act avets in the nreamble thereto t! at said war
" exists bv the uetot the Republic of Mimco/' and is fui-
ther disproved by the noto'ious invasion of one of the States
of the Union by Mexico, hefoie said declaration or any act
of war committed on the part or' the United Elates.
Ard whereas =aid charges contained in said amendment
are hi-d.ly derogatory to the honor of the country, unjust to
the President, and calculated to tarnish the g!or> of the brave
army who have so finally borne in triumph the flag of the
Union, and may be cited through all time as an ofhcial con-
fession, '-j a coordinate branch of the Government, that we
have piosecuted a war " unnecessarily and unconstitution-
al!) " begun : Therefore, -
Resolved, at a remedy therefor, That the said amendment,
adopted as aforesaid, in the words following, viz: " in a war
4 unnecessarily and unconstitutionally begun by the Presi-
1 dent of the United States," be expunged lrom the Journal,
and that the Speaker ot the House, on the passage of this
preamble and resolution, shall, in the presence of the Hout-c,
direct the Clerk to write across the face of said amendment,
on the Journal of the 3d of January, A. I). in distinct
letters and woids, "EXPUNGED BY ORDER OP THE
HOUSR OF REPRESENTATIVES OF THE UNITED
STATES," adding thereto the date of the same, and attest-
ing it with his signature.
The resolution having been read—
Mr. THOMPSON called for the yeas and nays
on the suspension of the rules.
Pending the question,
On motion of Mr. BURT, the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions and memorials were presented .
under the rule, and referred:
Mr. SIDNEY LAWRENCE: The memorial of George
Wri«ht, master armorer ot the Ordnance Department, against
the passage of the bill for the relief of Marvin VV. Fisher,
who claims'to be the inventoi of a machine for manulac-
turmg percussion caps, now m use at the United States
ai £y Mr. McILVAlNE: The petition of Levi Coates and
73 others, inhabitants of Chester count), Pennsj Ivama, pia>-
ing Congress to prohibit the introduction of slavery into the
Teiri tones of New Mexico and California, to abolish sluveiy
in the District of Columbia and all outer places over winch
it has exclusive juiisdiction, ami to prevent the admission
of any State into the Union unless siaveiy be excluded
therefrom. ^ _ _T
By Mr. HALL, of Missouri • The petition of James M.
Hughes and others, praying for the stationing ol troops on
theland route from Missouri to Criufo ma.
By Mr TALLMADGR: The memorial of Rufns McLel-
lan, J. Arlington Bennett, and many others, citizens of New
Yoik, praying that the memorialists be organized into a legi-
ment foi the protection o'f our possessions in California, See.
flv Mr STROILU: A petition signed bv citizensot thetown-
! ships of Bart and Sadsbury, in tiic county oi Lancaster, m
I the Slate ot Pennsylvania, prajmg for a new post route lionj
the Gap post office, to Geotgetown, in said county. Also,
a mcmonal of the Monthly Meeting ol the Religious So-
I cietv of Fi lends, in the county of Lancaster, in the State of
~ n'nr-yhama, pravma Congress to lepeal a'l laws sanction-
2.,,-r alavety in the Distuct of Columbia, and remonstrating
t against the further extension of slaveiy in the Terntones of
i the United States. Also, a putiuon signed by citizcns of
Lancastei county, Pennsylvania, piajing that a grant of
land may be made to the State ol Illinois, to aid in con-
st! uetmg a railroad from the upper and lower Mississippi to
Chicago. Also, a petition signed by citizens of the State of
New Jersey, piaymg for a general ieduction of postage, and
for abolishing the frankmc privilege. _
By Mr. WENTWORTH: The petitionofcitizens of Bach-
elor's Grove. Cook county, Illinois, for a donation of land
for a railroad from the Mississippi river to tne lakes. Also,
a petition of citizens of Ft ophetstown, Whitesides county,
toi a donation of land for a railroad from the lower Missis-
sippi to the lakes. Also, a petition of the citizens of Lit-
tlefoit, in favoi of a grant of land for a railroad fioni the lakes
to the rivers. Also, a petition for a mail route ironi Belvi-
dere, Genoa and Sycamoie, to Ottawa.
By Mr. KING, of Massachusetts: The petition ofNanum
Joidan and 108 other citizens of the United States, against
the Government trafficking in the public lands, and tor giv-
ing to actual settieis not nowpossessmg lands a farm. Also,
several petitions, numerously signed, lor tiie abolition ot the
1 ranking pnvilege, and for a cheap rate of postage. A's0j
the several petitions of William Cook and Chailes Colburn.
By Mr. PALFREY: The petition of E. Davis and
others, of Ashburnham, Massachusetts, praying foi reduced
and umform rates of postage.
Bv Mi. GREELEY: The petition of A. TV. Newel and
many other citizens of Orleans county, New \oik. tor
cheaperand straighter Congressional mileage. Also, or Jonu
W. Hawkins and other citizens oi Staik county, O.uo, tor
the -stoppage of the traffic m public lands. Also, of N. VV.
Fisher and many ot'nei citizens ot Richland, Oswego county,
New Yoik. for the same.
Bv Mr. KAUFMAN: The petition of ,G. v\ . ionents,
asking pay for military services rendered m the late war 1
with Mexico. . t, . - , , .
By Mr. SILVESTER: The petition of inhabitants ot
New Concord and Chatham, Columbia county, New York,
for the reduction of postage, and the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
IN SENATE,
Tuesday, Fefouary 13, 1849.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
the proceedings of the Chamber of Commerce of
the city of New York, in favor of appropriations
for the continuance of the coast survey. ...
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, it
was ordered that they be printed for the use ot the
Senate.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. CORWIN presented a memorial from citi-
zens of Toledo, in the State of Ohio, asking the
establishment of a reciprora1 (ree trade in certam
articles of agricultural pioducuon between the Uni-
ted States and Canada; which was oideied to lie
^Mi-6 GREENE presented the memorial of Sam-
uel S." Bartlet, asking that bounty land and extra
pay may be allowed to that portion of the marine
