522
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 13,
evation would be agreed to, and the bill amended
as he had suggested.
The motion to reconsider was not agreed to.
The bill was then read a third time and passed.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Or) motion of Mr. ATHERTON, the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill making appro-
priations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of j
the Government for the year ending June 30,1850. :
Mr. ATHERTON, by direction of the Com-
mittee on Finance, submitted an amendment ap- !
propriating $1,500 to enable the Secretary of War j
toexecuteasurveyandexaminationof thePotoniac j
river, pursuant to a resolution of the House of;
Representatives of the 8th August, 1848. j
The amendment was agreed to. ;
Mr. ATHERTON then submitted, and the Sen- :
ate adopted, several other amendments, of which i
we were unable to obtain copies. One of these 1
amendments was simply the addition of the words j
" under the direction of the Secretary of State," ]
after the word " plan," in the following item: ;
" Towards the erection of the wjngs of the Patent Office i
building, aceoiding to the oiiginal ])I.ui, §50,000, to be paid s
out of the patent fund." j
A further amendment, as an addition to this item, j
was understood to provide for the manner in which
the work should be executed. t
Another amendment was an appropriation of
$2,500 to procure medals for Indians.
Another amendment, not offered by direction of
the committee, but in consequence of the receipt
of a letter from the Secretary of State since the
meeting of the committee upon this bill, was to
appropriate as much as was necessary of the sum
of jf 1,500 for the payment of the salary of the
Commissioner to the Sandwich Islands.
Mr. CAMERON desired some information as
to the necessity and propriety of making this un-
usual appropriation.
Mr. ATHERTON replied that he had a letter'
on this subject, which he had received from the
Secretary of State, which he would desire the Sec-
retary to read for the information of the Senator
from Pennsylvania and of the Senate.
The letter was read accordingly, and the'amend-
rnent was then agreed to.
Another amendment appropriated $35,000 for
the continuation of the erection of a custom-house
at Savannah, Georgia, and for the erection of a
custom-house at Charleston, S. C.,^50,000.
Respecting these appropriations Several explan-
atory letters were read from the Secretary of the
Treasury; and, after a few words of explana-
tion between Mr. DAVIS of Massachusetts, Mr.
ATHERTON,and Mr. BUTLER,respecting the
removal of some difficulties which lately existed,
affecting the title to the Jot of ground upon which
the Charleston custom-house was to be built, the
•amendment was agreed to.
Another amendment proposed to add the words
"and assistant messenger," m the liem making
compensation to the Second Auditor and the clerks
and messenger in his office; and to add $500 for
the salary of such assistant messenger, increasing
the item to $51,057; which was agreed to.
Mr. BERRIEN moved to amend the following
item: "For compensation of the chief of the Bu-
' reau of Medicine and Surgery, and of the assist-
' ant surgeon and clerks and messenger in las
' office," by striking out the words $ti,800, and
inserting $7,300. The object was to place the
chief of the Bureau of Medicine and Surgery on
Tthe same footing with the chiefs of other bureaus.
This matter had been submitted to the Committee
on Finance individually, and had received their
appiobation, but they desired that this motion
should be made in open Senate.
At the request of Mr. BERRIEN, the Secretary
read a letter from the Secretary of the Navy, rec-
ommending the increase of the annual compensa-
tion of the head of this bureau from §2,500 to
$3,000.
Mr. BREESE. I believe I have never voted to
increase the pay of any officer of tins Government;
on the contrary, 1 would with great pleasure vote
to reduce the compensation to the heads of the
bureaus to $2,500; but when 1 see that the chief of
this bureau has so many onerous duties to per-
form, 1 shall vote, contrary to my usual course, in
favor of the amendment of the honorable Senator
from Georgia, as an act of sheer justice.
Mr. ATHERTON. I hope the amendment will
not prevail. It is an amendment to increase a sal-
ary which is fixed by law, and it is certainly a poor
rule that will not work both ways. The Seriaieat j
the last session to save these officers from reduction,
adopted a rule that they would neither increase nor
diminish salaries, but make appropriations accord-
ing to existing laws. 1
Mr. BADGER. I wish to correct the honor-
able Senator from New Hampshire as to a matter
of fact, as it appears he has fallen into a mistake
respecting the rule of the last session. The Senate
adopted a rule not to diminish salaries by the ap-
propriation bill, but they did not stop there; they
made an increase of the salary of one officer of the
Government from $2,500 to $3,000, for the reason
assigned here; that is, to put him on an equality
with the heads of other bureaus. [The honorable
gentleman was understood to say the Commis-
sioner of Pensions.]
Mr. ATHERTON. Mr. President, that was
an exception to a general rule, and was submitted
in the light of an exception. The general rule
was, that we would not interfeie with salaries
which were fixed by law. But this will place this
gentleman on this ground, because opportunities
for increasing the salaries of the chief head of a
bureau will occur frequently, but I never liear any
argument arise for diminishing their compensa-
tion. Now, if this amendment should be adopted,
what will follow ? Others will come forward and
i say that they have a right to a salary as allowed
■ in this instance, and will claim that all the bureaus
ought to be increased in the same way. Now,
this argument, which seems to operate well for
increasing a salaiy, never does so tor diminishing
one. It never seems to suggest itself that because
■ one salary has been raised, another should be re-
duced. 1 do not know where we shall end if we
begin this system of increasing the salaries of the
heads of bureaus and of clerks, because there are
many applications of the same soit. There has
been an application from a gentleman, who has
been the acting head of the Ordnance department,
to make his salary, while acting as head of the
bureau, equal to that of the real head, besides a
large claim for arre.ars. This, on the principle
which was adopted, was rejected by the commit-
tee, and various other applications of the same
j sort; but I scarcely see how we can avoid making
j invidious comparisons, except we reject the whole.
I Mr. BERRIEN. Mr. President, it gratifies me
to believe that the chairman of the Committee on
Finance does not make any objection, on his doubts
: of the merits, or on his doubts of the propriety of
the application m itself; his objection results from
' a technical rule which he supposes the committee
1 have prescribed for themselves under the sanction
1 of the Senate. But accoiding to the statement
which has been made by the honorable Senator
from North Carolina, it appears that the chairman
of the committee is at fault in his recollection of
that rule. Sir, 1 add to the statement of that Sen-
ator, that in the motion made by me these technical
objections do not occur. But now the answer given
to me is, that it was an exception to the rule. Well,
sir, this is an exception to the rule, and running
on all fours with the reasons that induced the
J Senate to make that exception. The chairman
of the Committee on Finance suggests that there
! are a variety of applications; but, sir, they have no
; sort of analogy. Tnis is a proposition to mcrcasc
; the compensation of the head of one of the bureaus,
. and place him on a footing with the others. 1 ap-
prehend that no one doubts that as much of science
and talent, and as much of all that fits and qualifies
j a man for the station, is necessary for the chief of
: the Medical Bureau as any other. The Senate has
! already admitted the propuety of establishing the
'' principle ill the case of the Commissioner of Pen-
! sions; and in this case, the Secretary of the Navy,
sensible of its importance, has recommended it.
] I submit this mutton to the consideration of the
! Senate upon its merits, with the remark that it is
1 not objected to by the chairman of the committee,
. and that his technical objection is answered by the
honorable Senator from North Carolina.
: The amendment was then agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I move to
' amend this bill by inserting the following amend-
■ ment:
For the purchase of a building erected by the President
and Uiiticluis <.f the Bank of the United State*, to be used
a  a eu>tom-hou$e; and the Secretary is hereby directed to
, make said purchase, provided ihat the same can be obtained
! for a sum not exceeding ^29,000,
The amendmentX submit, Mr. President, with the
approbation of the Treasury Department, for the
purpose of purchasing a house admirably situated in
the town of Erie, in the State of Pennsylvania, a
place of importance in every point of view, and be-
coming: more so every year. The budding cost some
$150,000, and it is a counterpart of that in Phil-
adelphia, and is well adapted for a custom-house.
The Government is now paying a large sum for
the rent of a building there, and this building can
be had for this small sum. This amendment is
made, I believe, sir, with the approbation of the
chairman of the Committee on Finance.
Mr. ATHERTON. I have nothing to say on
the subject, sir, except Chat there has been a com-
munication to me in regard to it, which 1 furnished
to the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. CAMERON. Will the chairman be good
enough to allow the letter of the Secretary of the
Treasury to be read?
The communication referred to was read ac-
cordingly.
The amendment was then agreed to.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I have an amend-
ment to be inserted in the item making appropria-
tions for defraying the expenses of the supreme,
circuit, and district courts, &c/, as follows:
Provided, That the clerks of the several cncuit eouiU of
the United States be, and the same are hereby, authorized
and allowed to retain to their own use, of the fees and emol-
uments of their office, a t-um equal to that allowed to the
clerks of the district couite of the United States by the act -
making appropriations tor the civil and diplomatic expenses
of the Government tor the yeai 1842, approved May 1842.
I want to explain that amendment, and I pray
the attention of the .Committee on the Judiciary
especially to the matter. By the act making ap-
propriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses
' of the Government for the year 1842, approved
j May 18, 1842, Congress enacted, that -where the
; office of circuit and district clerk were both per-
, formed by the same person, he might retain for
I his own use, out of the emoluments of his office,
j a sum not exceeding six thousand dollars; and
j that where the office was divided, so that the ser-
vices were performed by different individuals, that
! the clerk of the circuit court might retain a sum
i not exceeding two thousand-five bundled dollars,
| and the clerk of the district court a sum not ex-
' ceediog three thousand five hundred dollars.
! Now, it will be perfectly manifest to every law-
' yer in the Senate, that the clerk of the circuit court
; is an officer of vastly more extensive jurisdiction,
I of more business, of more responsibility, and that
! it will require more than twice the amount of labor
j to perform the duties of the office, than is neces-
j sary in the office of the clerk of the district court,
j particularly since the passage of the bankrupt act.
, But the law is such as to give to the officer who
] does the least work the sum of thiee thousand five
| hundred dollars, and to the other who docs the
! most, the sum of two thousand five hundred dol-
i lars. Now, this amendment puts them on an
i equality in fact, and makes them equal. It does
not propose to appropriate a single dollar out of
' the public treasury; but simply, that, if the fees
j of the office of the clerk of the circuit court amount
< to this sum, he may have the same as the clerk of
: the district court. This, 1 am sure, must approve
i itself to the favorable consideration of every law-
| yer in the Senate, and that is about ninety-rune
! hundredths of the number.
| Mr. WESTCOTT. The Judiciary Committee
; of the Senate have had under consideration for
' some time—indeed, at the last session, as well as
j this—under resolutions of instruction from the
; Senate, a bill equalizing and regulating the fees of
! ail the Federal judicial officers, clerks, district attor-
neys, and marshals. A bill will probably be re-
ported at this session: but it cannot be acted on till
|! next. The committee have obtained a largeamount
;! of valuable and useful information on the subject,
i which will be submitted. The absurdity which
; the Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale]
i adverts to can but be rectified in such general law.
I I am opposed to patching up general laws by
! clauses in an appropriation bill. Besides, in some
! of the district and circuit courts the case is not that
! presented by the Senator. In some of the States
j the district courts have the most business.
; Mr. BERRIEN. Will the Senator Irom Flor-
! ida state in what district courts?
1 Mr. WESTCOTT. The district courts that
| have jurisdiction of land claims—Spanish, French,
i and English grants—in the new southern and
