1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
southwestern States. The clerks of both courts
. get poorly paid. I doubt if either reach the maxi-
mum allowed by law. ^Justice cannot be done to
alt the Federal judicial officers by the insertion of
this provision, and, in my judgment, only by a
general law applying to all the cases.
Mr. BERRIEN. It does not appear to me that
the Senator meets the question presented by the
motion. It is very certain that there are many
defects in the act regulating the office of the min-
isterial officers of the judicial department of the
Government, and it may be very proper that the
subject should be deliberately considered; but it
will require, I think, a good deal more deliberation
than can be brought to bear upon it at this session.
Rut the amendment of the Senator from New
Hampshire does not apply to that; it applies to
the existing: state of things, leaving the officers as
they are. It merely provides, that in the distribu-
tion of the sum fixed for the salaries of these offi-
cers by law, they shall be equalized. Now, as a
general proposition, it is unquestionably true that
the clerk of the circuit court has as many duties
and as important duties to discharge as the clerk
of the district court. In consequence of the busi-
ness thrown upon the circuit court by the bank-
rupt act, the clerk of that court has more business
than the clerk of the district court, it is true; but
the Senator must consider that this provision has
no application to that. It is merely this, that when
the fees shall exceed six thousand dollars, the
clcrk shall receive thirty-five hundred. The circuit
court has extra duties and extra compensation.
The clerk has extra fees; but in no case, I appre-
hend, do these fees amount-to the sum which will
make it fall under the operation of the amendment
of the Senator from New Hampshire. The result
is, that where the fees amount to six thousand
dollars, so as to bring it under the operation of the
law in the distribution of that sum, the salaries of
the clerks of the two courts, which are now un-
equal, shall be equalized.
Mr. DOWNS. This policy of limiting the fees
of certain officers commenced, I believe, in 1841,
and the act of 1841 was amended in 1842. I had
some experience in this matter, and I believe that,
to a great extent, the object of the law entirely
failed. It wassupposed that there would bea large
balance of fees coming to the Government beyond
the amount which the officers of the Government
were entitled to receive. But this money was rarely
realized or paid over. I believe that scarcely a
tiollafhas been realized by the Government from
this provision of law. A similar policy was adopt-
ed in my own State in regard to some public offices
where a surplus of fees was required to be paid
over to the treasury. But it will always turn out,
I apprehend, that where public officers are instruct-
ed to collect fees which they are not entitled to re-
tain, the Government never makes much out of it.
But, let this be as it may, it is true that the clerk
of the circuit court ought to receive a sum equal to
that received by the clerk of the district court. In
some States the business of the circuit court is
exceedingly heavy, especially since the passage of
the bankrupt act. I think, therefore, it is perfectly
fair that the clerk should be entitled to retain a rea-
sonable amount out of the fees that he has earned,
and I can see no reason why he should not receive
as much as is received by the clerk of the district
court.
Mr. KING. It appears to me that the argument
as to policy in this casd will show the propriety
of leaving this subject to be legislated upon sepa-
rately. We find that the clerk of the circuit court
•wishes to be placed upon the same footing with
the cletk of the district court in point of emolu-
ment; because, in consequence of the bankrupt
law, the duties of that officer are greater than those
of the clerk of the district court. Well, I am not
piepared to say whether the clerk of the circuit
court receives sufficient compensation or not. That
is a matter which should be regulated by Congress;
and if the district court clerk receives too much,
and the other too little, it should be regulated; but
it is the strangest reason I ever heard urged, that
these officers "are dishonest and will not pay over
the money.
Mr. DOWNS. The Senator will pardon me.
I do not blame the officers at all. Under the law
they are to transfer to the Government the balance
that theie may he over and above the sum which
they are allowed to retain as their salaries. But
when they have received, in the shape of fees, the
5m
amount which they are entitled to retain, it is no I; $78,750. In 3823, in pursuance of an act of Con-
part of their business to collect fees for the Gov- r gress " providing for the accommodation of the
ernment; and when they come to a settlement, !; circuit court of the United States for Warfhinrtoa
they say to the Government, Here are our ac- county, in the District of Columbia, and for* the
counts we have received the amount to which I i preservation of the records of said court," and iti
we are entitled. It is done with the appr&bation i' consideration of the sura of ten thousand dollars
of the (government. There is no imputation of j| therein appropriated, the Corporation conveyed to
dishonesty or dereliction of duty. It is an ordinary l; the United States the apartments in ihe east wing
construction of law, and a proper one. I only u 0f said building, comprising one-half the entire
mention it to snow that the law does not attain the j; edifice.
object designed. There is no law to compel the |
officers to collect all the fees that may be collected; j
it is only provided that they shall account to the j
Government for the surplus which they shall re-
ceive over and above the amount which they are
entitled to retain.
Mr. KING. Really, I cannot understand the
honorable Senator. It is the duty, I suppose, of
the clerk to collect the fees, and if he fails to do so
he fails to perform his duty. If I had the authority
I would turn every such officer out.
Mr. DOWNS. These clerks are not of Execu-
tive appointment.
Mr. KING. I know they are not, but the same
principle applies to every receiver of public money.
They are obliged to confine themselves to a certain
amount, which is limited by law, and to pay over
the balance, which, 111 some instances, amounts to
ten times the sum which they are permitted to
Since that time, a period of more than twenty-
five years, the Government has had the use of this
portion of the building without rent or compensa-
tion. Now, a very short calculation will show
| the justice of this appropriation. Deduct the ten
thousand dollars appropriated by the act of 1823
| from the original cost of the building, and it leaves
j the sum of $68,750 expended by ihe Corporation,,
I for which no interest has been paid by the Gov-
| ernment. The half of this sum, say §34,375, is
I] what the Government ought to appropriate, and
|j what the memorial asks. But, from considerations
|j of economy, the committee have thought proper
!j not to ask for more than §30,000.
|j Now, the Government has had the use of one-
ji half this building for twenty-five years. Suppose
!' a reasonable rent to be charged, say even four per
M cent, per annum on one-half the amount actually
expended by the Corporation, does not the Senate
retain for their services; and yet I never heard of perceive that it would swell to an amount much
any complaint, unless where the receiver was a It larger than is asked by the amendment now offered
defaulter. I think this is a matter which should to this bill?
stand upon its own footing, and that it should be H In addition to this, after the burning of the Gen-
regulated so as to do justice to all. I shall vote ;i eral Post Office, in 1836, the City Hall building
against the amendment, therefore, for no other ;; was occupied as a Patent Office until the present
remain t.hnn that it Hoes not nrnnerlv liplr.no- tn this Patent Office building was Completed, for which
reason than that it does not properly belong to this
bill.
Mr. WALKER. It seems to me the Senator
from Alabama does not quite understand the prop-
osition. He seems to be of the impression that
the maximum amount allowed by law is still re-
ceived by the cleik of the district court; but that is
not the case. If the amount of fee falls below that
the Government has paid no compensation what-
ever.
These considerations induced the committee to
ask for this appropriation, arid in the estimation of
the committee they ought to appeal strongly to the
liberality of Congress. This city is the capita] of
this great Republic, and it ought to be a matter of
sum, he gets no more than the fees amount to. But ;; pride to every Senator to see its public buildings
c-nnnrtoo iivi lii^r^nctD a4 lincinrch ctliAiim /iqi'pit (no I1 - . _ it. . _ .
suppose an increase of business should carry the
fees beyond the maximum allowance, he would
not in that case he entitled to receive more than
the maximum. But, whatever the amount of busi-
ness required to be transacted now by the clerk
of the circuit court, and whatever amount of tees
he may receive, he cannot retain an equal amount
to that which is given to ihe clerk of the district
court; and all that this amendment proposes is,
that in case the fees exceed that amount, he may
retain the same sum that ls allowed to the clerk of
the district court. It is not increasing the expenses
of the Government at all; it is simply saying, that
provided he does as much work, and the lees of
his office a mount to as much, he shall be permitted
to receive the same amount which is received by
the clerk of the district court.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana. Idonotknow
that I understand what the effect, of this amend
beautiful to the eye of the spectator.
Mr. ATHERTON. This is a recommendation
for an expenditure of a considerable amount of
money for the completion of a building for the Dis-
trict of Columbia. And in the remarks of my hon-
orable friend from Georgia, he seems to put forward
a claim on the part of the District because for a
certain time the United States have had some use
of this building as a depository fur the records
of the Patent Office. Now, sir, if we«go into the
debtor and creditor account between the District
and the Government of the United States, I do not
apprehend the District will have much reason to
claim a great deal from the Government. And
it seems to me, under all the cncumstances., that
this appropriation, if it is ever to be granted by
the United States, ought not to be called tor
now. It will be remembered that at the last ses-
sion of Congress the uppiopriations for the Dis-
ment will be; but 1 am informed, m the discussion |l trict of Columbia were exceedingly liberal. There
here, that the clerk of the disuict court and of the |- are many appropriations in the present bill which
circuit court are to account to the Government for || go very much to benefit the District, and I think
all fees over a particular amount received by them. }' 1 may say to my friends on the other side of the
Now, I want to know what that amount is. ^Chamber, that something is due to the general
Mr. HALE. It is six thousand dollars; and it ; consideration in relation to the state of the treas-
is divided in this way: The clerk of the district ury, and that we should not go on increasing
court, m hen the fees amount to so much, may our pecuniary liabilities without having any re-
retain thirty-five hundred dollars, and the cleik of T gard to the point to which it may lead us. Now
the circuit court twenty-five hundted. My amend- j; some of the appropriation bills which have come
ment proposes to equalize them
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia, moved to insert
the following item amongst those making appro-
priations for public works in the city of Washing-
ton :
To reimbui>e tlie Corporation of Washington the cost
of erecting the holt of tno City Hail builuu.g, Ranted lo and
occupied by ilu; (Joveir.inent for tlx* Cncuit. DivUict, and
Criminal Comt* of fhe United Slates, $.";0,u00 ; the same to
he expended by the s-aid Coipotation in finishing the exte-
rior nt j-aid buildup, under the direc lion oi tlie tfeeretaiy ot
theTiea?ur> : Proiided, Tnat room.- enuuyh foe<?etapair lor
tile, use of the dinted States Court.- in the l3.su uuoi Colum-
bia ; the Secictaij of tlie Treasury to be judge as to the suf-
ficiency oi the mom1- &■"> piovided.
Mr. J. (in explanation) said: The attention of
the Committee lor the District of Columbia was
drawn to this subject by a memorial presented to
Congress by the honorable Mayor and others in
I to us from the House have come heie in a per-
; fectly unexceptionable shape. I may mention,
for one, the army bill, which, I believe, contains
; not one single appropriation which is not autho-
rized by existing law. There were a few alter-
1 ations of the existing'law in this bill as it came
from the House. That is usual. But there were
! very few amendments, I believe, introduced into
. the bill by the House which were not sanctioned
; by the Committee of Ways and Means of the
! House. The amendments which the committee
j of the Senate have introduced into the bill in pur-
! suance of the recommendation of the departments,
i amount to a considerable sum—one item for the
| custom-house at Charleston being $50,000, and one
! for the custom-house at Savannah $$4,000, which
; were not in the bill originally. There is an amend-
ment which has been introduced by the Senate,
behalf of the City Corporation. The facts dts- ;! appropriating $150,000 for continuing the erection
closed by this memorial are these: The building ■[ ot the custom-house at New Orleans. There are
was erected by the Corporation at the cost of |j several other amendments, also, which have been
