524
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
introduced by the Senate, and which have mate-
rially increased the aggregate appropriation con-
tained in the bill as it came from the House, and
making a considerable increase upon the estimates
of the departments of the expenses for the next
fiscal year. Jt wilt be remembered, that by one
item which has been introduced—1 mean that re-
lating to the Indian department—the amount to be
expended during the next fiscal year will be in-
creased to the extent of twelve hundred thousand
dollars.
Mr. KING. I can but admire the course pur-
sued by the honorable chairman of the Committee
on Finance. He discharges his duty with Zealand
ability, and endeavors to guard all these appropri-
ation bills against amendments that are not legiti-
mately or properly to be applied to them. Now,
sir, if there was any mode by which we could get
i\t this appropriation other than the bill now under
consideration, I would myself agree with him that
it would be very improper to insert it here. But
the principle has already been departed from in
several instances; those which have been men-
tioned by the Senator from New Hampshire, as
well as m others which he has not adverted to.
With regard to the District of Columbia, 1 am one
of those who believe that it is the duty of Congress
to exercise great liberality. The situation of the
people of the District is such, that unless Congress
is liberal in regard to the streets, public buildings,
&c., it is utterly impossible that this city can be as
convenient as it ought to be for the purposes for
which it was designed. And it is important to us
that it should be made as convenient as possible
for those purposes, I have, therefore, uniformly
departed as far as I could from the rigid rule in
regard to making appropriations so far as this Dis-
trict is concerned. Now, in regard to the debtor
and creditor sides of the account which the gen-
tleman speaks of, I think h^will find that he is
entirely mistaken if he will enter into a calculation
of the amount which has been received by the
Government, and the amount that has been appro-
priated out of the public money for the District, j
With respcct to this particular building, Congress \
having occasion for the building for the purpose :
of holding the criminal and other courts of the CJni- I
ted States, agreed to appropriate $10,000 to fit up !
rooms for that purpose. ,The city liberally offered |
a portion of the building, and the Government J
has continued to use the rooms thus fitted up for
some twenty-five years without pay or remunera-
tion, without the payment of a single dollar in the
shape of rent, the appropriation having been ex-
hausted m fitting up the rooms necessary for hold-
ing the courts. Well, now, is it not proper, taking
it into consideration that this city has gone to the \
expense of erecting the building, not yet completed, .
but to a certain point completed, and the United i
States having enjoyed the use of it for such a length '
of time, is there not a propriety, 1 say, independ- i
ently of othei consideiations, in making an appio- ;
pnationinordertocomplete the building ? It appears j
that the sum which is asked for by the memorial for j
the purpose of completing the building, does not :
amount to more than would be a fair compensation >
for its use—that it does notamount to more than the !
Government would have paid in the shape of rent, j;
I shall vole for it, and 1 shall do so with great j:
pleasure, as I shall do on every occasion whenever |
an appropriation may be considered necessary for j
the purpose of rendering this place comfortable and j
convenient for the sitting of Congress. And I do j
it upon high national grounds, i want to see the '
seat of Government remain here; and I want to i
see the District in such a condition that every one i
who comes here to discharge a public duty may
find all the conveniences that appropriately belong !
to the seat of the National Legislature. I want I
the seat of the Federal Government to be at the I
city of Washington. There are associations con- j
nected with the name itself which are calculated to |
bind us together. We should be liberal, therefore, \
in making it conformable to what the seat of the j
National Legislature ought to be, and in removing ;
everything which has the appearance of inattention
to this great object, |
Mr. WESTCOTT. I shall vote for this appro- j
priation, and another that I learn will be offered
after it. i will vote for it, and twice the amount, j
for this city, and without any restriction as to its ,
mode of expenditure, leaving that to the City Coun- j
And I will do this as an act of sheer justice, j
There is no favor about it, sir; none at all. I would I
Feb. 18,
do so every session, if I were to stay here my
whole life. And now, sir, I will state the principle
on which 1 would do so. I have seen the injustice
and oppression of the United States as a landed
proprietor. In my State she owns nineteen-twen-
tieths of ail the lands as" proprietor. She pays no
taxes—not a cent. She builds no roads; makes
no bridges. No, sir; the pioneer-settler does all
for her, and the United States hucksters and ped-
dles out the public lands made saleable by the
labor of the pioneer at one dollar and twenty-five
cents per acre, cash. All frontier people think this
is a mean system. So is it in this city. In the
first place, the proprietors of Washington gave the
United States one-half of all the lands. She has
sold one-half of her moiety for nearly a million of
dollars, and has, besides, all the public lots. She
l erty. I obtained, also, the amount of taxes, the
| ad valorem taxes paid by the citizens of Cincin-
j nati, and they were more than double the property
; tax paid by the people of the District of Columbia.
| So that the argument about the onerousness of the
l taxes here is not a sound one. The other cities
! of this country pay a far higher tax. I know
j it is the case with the capital of Ohio, with Cin-
j cinnati, and all the larger cities. It is therefore
! altogether a mistake to talk of the great donations
| made by the city to the" Federal Government. I
I must say, however, making all due allowance
! for the propensities of our nature, that I cannot
! blame the people of the District of Columbia for
I trying to obtain their corporate expenses out of
! the public treasury. They are not worse than
any other people. I do not rise, therefore, to con-
I owns about one-half of the real estate in the city. j. detnn them for indulging a very natural and ex-
! With the improvements, it is worth seven or eight I' cusable propensity; but, while I do not censure
or perhaps ten millions of dollars^ She does not ;; them, I say that we, whose business it is to guard
! pay onefarthingof taxes for this. The citizens pay
! all the taxes, amounting to $120,000 or §130,000 a
i year. This is unjust. I wouid vote for the pay-
ment to the City Councils, annually, of fair taxes
on the public property here, and the United States
should pay taxes also in the States for their lands.
This $30,000 is not one-quarter as much as we
should pay yeaily as taxes; and we should, be-
sides the taxes, pay, for the city property used by
us, fair rents. If I am not mistaken, the new States
before long will establish juster rules on this sub-
| ject than have heretofore been followed,
j Mr. ALLEN. I do not know exactly the
' eftcct of this amendment, and I inquire therefore
the rights of the country at large, and see that
there is not more money taken from the public
treasury than there can be good reason given for,
should be disposed to oppose appropriations of
this kind. I do not think they are founded in
reason or justice. With regard to this particular
matter, however, 1 do not know that there is any
great objection to it, if we are to have something
for our money; but if it is to be a donation, call it
a donation; if it is to be a purchase, call it a pur-
chase; and if is a purchase, let the title to the
thing purchased come with the purchase. 1 hope
there will be an amendment, therefore, for this
appropriation, so that the pait of the building
of the mover whether it is designed as a purchase i; designated in the resolution shall be the property
| by the Government of the United States of half of j| 0f the United States forever in fee simple. Or let
this building? If that be the case, the amend-
ment ought to say so. As it is, it does not say
so, and the owneiship of the building will lemam
in the Corporation after the passage of this amend-
ment precisely as it is at present. There liuvc
been some observations made, sir, m the propriety
of which 1 cannot agiee. One by my honorable
friend from Alabama. He wishes to give an eter-
nity of location to the capital of the United States
in the District of Columbia. 1 am of opinion,
sir, that the capital Of the United States should
follow the nation, should follow the people of-the
United States. And as the nation has spread out
over a surface the center of which is far remote
fiom the District of Columbia, I hope the day
will arrive when this capital will be situated
nearer to the center of the people who are inter-
ested in the transactions carried on in it m their
name. In regard to the great donations which have
been made by the city to the Federal Government,
I have heard much since 1 have been here. Why,
sir, when those donations Were made, many of the
lands surrounding this capital were not worth
one dollar an acre. It is the presence of the cap-
ital here which lias imparted value to this very
, property, which was ceded at a time when it was
I utterly valueless, and ceded with a view, on tne
, part of the citizens at least, of imparting value ;
1 to the property which they retained. Therefore j
| there is no force in that argument. But 1 rise j
i to say, further, that Congress is not censurable !
j for a want of liberality to this District. On the j
j contrary, I think that the Government has been ;
| liberal in the extreme to this city. I think, j
! sir. that a close examination of our appropna- i
tions will show that we have spent far more \
money in this District, for the exclusive benefit of !
the District, than we have spent in many of the I
: States whose population is equal to ten times the ,
i population of the District of Columbia. Weil, i
| now, sir, m reference to the city taxes: I had !
j occasion to look into that matter a few years ago. •
, I remember that some measures were pending !
' here, and this old argument that never had one |
! solitary iota of reason m it, about the great dona- ;
! tions made by this city to the Federal Government, !
| was then urged, and it was pleaded on the part of :
; the people of the District that they were burdened j
j with taxes for municipal purposes to an extent !
| which rendered it impossible for them to defray i
j the expense of making any necessary improve- \
1 ments. 1 made some inqunies upon the subject. 1 I
j wrote to the Auditor of ourState and obtained from
] him the amount of taxes paid by the people of
' Columbus, the capital of Ohio, upon their prop-
the amendment be so shaped as to authorize the
j. Secretary of the Treasury, or some other public
; officer, to give that much money for this part of the
!; building, and provide that the money shall be
devoted to finishing the whole building. That
j! would probably be a better amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. In rising to say a word or
j: two m relation to the amendment which is pro-
II posed, I must be permitted to remark that I do not
ij regard the appropriation as a donation. It will be
!; recollected that we have had the use of this buiid-
j: ing ever since it was-erected, and it ispioposed
:; now that we should pay fur half of it. I had sup-
|j posed that the appropriation as it stands would
jj have sufficiently expressed the intention of Con-
;:gress. The Senator from Ohio seems to think
otherwise. I am willing that it should be coached
in any terms that may be considered proper.
Make it a purchase, if you like. 1 believe the peo-
'j pie of the District will be glad time it should be
jj sold. Their sole object is to obtain the means oP
finishing the building, and in such a style as may
jj be suitable to the capital of the United States. I
ij do not pretend to say that if we were to account
;! with the District as suggested we should be found
ij largely indebted to them; but this 1 do say, that it
, i is our duty, as it has been the taste and disposition
jj of every people, great or small, to adorn and orna-
j j merit to a reasonable extent the seat of the Federal
j Government, while we do not carry it to extrava-
| gance, while our expenditures are not unneces^a-
j rily large.
\\ in my opinion, the expenditure of this money by
the Government will be a saving, because, unless
we contribute to finish the building according to
the original plan, we shall be obliged to build a
court-house for the accommodation of the Judi-
ciary of the United States within this District, and
| that will probably cost more than the completion
j of this building. The object of this appropriation
! is to secure accommodations for the courts of the
i United States; and I will say to the Senator from
Ohio that, originally, I was not a friend to the
, proposition, but when 1 ascertained that the courts
j of the United States had had the use of the build-
1 ing for a series of years, and that now there is not
t room enough for the Corporation and the courts,
j and that unless we made this appropriation we
i should have to erect another building, it seemed to
: me to be a discreetand proper expenditure of money,
i And I will say, before taking my seat, that I do
i not know if we were, to account, we should find
that we stood so renowned for liberality to thi3
District. Sir, it must be remembered that it stands
J in a particular relation to us. The District does
erty. I got an exact statement of it, and it was -j not own the streets of this city, the widest i believe
well-nigh three times as much as is paid by the j; to be found in any city in the woild. The Corpo-
people of the District of Columbia upon their prop- y ration cannot alter a street or shut up a street with-
