526
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 13,
erection of such a building, either, go upon a scale
so large as that we cannot complete it. Let a build-
ing be erected of requisite and fitting dimensions,
and upon a reasonable and proportionate scale.
For ope, I will have no participation in extrava-
gant schemes that can never be brought to com-
pletion.
I do not think, sir, as some Senators appear to
think, that we are under such great obligations to
this city for the accommodations it has afforded
the courts. We have paid altogether for the use
of the building some ten thousand dollars. Six
' hundred dollars a year more than is paid m my
State for the use of all the court-houses, jails, and
other buildings necessary to the public service by
the General Government. The Government is ex-
tremely penurious in its payment of the States for
the use of buildings for public purposes. They
depend almost wholly on the States themselves
for the carrying on and administration of the laws
of the Federal Government! In my State, the
rent they pay for the buildings they use is trivial,
as I have remarked, in the extreme.
I have to say one word in answer to what I am
sorry to say has fallen from the.Senator from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Hunter;] but as it has been uttered
by him, I feel called upon to meet it. I refer to his
statement that if the account was struck between
♦this Government and the District, there w6uld be a
fearful balance due the District.
Mr. HUNTER. I did not say so, sir.
Mr. NILES. I am happy to hear that my friend
from Virginia did not so express himself; for he
does not often talk at random. The Senator from
New Jersey intimited something of the kind, how-
ever. I do not desire to go into this matter; it is
an unpleasant task to peit'orm; but knowing, as I
do, that this Distuct has been bought by Congress
—yes, sir, every portion of it purchased, and that
it belongs to us, private property and all, as can
be proved in any court of equity, I cannot refrain
from adding a word or two more on the subject.
If a fair statement was made of the debtor and
creditor side of this question, it would be found
that the whole amount of the value of the propeity
of this District is not equal to the amount of money
appropriated by this Government for the benefit of
tne District. And, sir, we saved this whole Dis-
trict from being sold to the Dutch, at auction,
under the hammer. The whole property of the
District would, in all probability, have been thus
sold, if this Government had not assumed and paid
off the debts of the District. Property here at one
time was considered as little better than nominal in
value. A friend of mine told me that a house, val-
ued at several hundred dollars, was, at the time I
refer to, worth but a nominal, trivial sum, inas-
much as the taxes absorbed nearly the whole of
its value. Here was a mortgage upon the whole
property of the District, and we took it oft'. We
are the owners, then, of the enure District; every-
thing belongs to the United States. We paid half
a million of dollars on its account, and now we are
told that it is unjust to apply to the authorities of
this city for accommodation for our courts. In-
debted to them, sir! Why, all the buildings and
peoperty here, if the subject was to come before a
court of equity, would be recognized as belonging
to us. But, sir, it is not worth while to allude fur-
ther to this matter; it has ail gone by. For one,
I am in favor—if accommodations are needed for
the courts of the District—of erecting a building
suitable to that purpose.
Mr. HALE. It is witli great regret that I differ
with my honorable friend from Connecticut, inas-
much as we belong to a paity that is so small that
we ought to be united, in order to make any im-
pression, and when we differ i do not know how
we shall fare. Still, I am compelled to differ with
him totally and entirely, it never occurred to me,
sn, until so informed by the Senator from Connec-
ticut, that I, as one of the repi esentatives of one of
the States of this Union, owned a part of this city;
but, sir, if I do, 1 disclaim the ownership of any
of the peculiar institution. [Laughter.] 1 did not
know, sir, that i was an owner ot any of it! But,
sir, to the matter in hand, this couit-room and this
hall. The honorable Senator from Connecticut
did not, if I correctly understood him, tell us
whether he had ever been inside of this building or
not; and I very much doubt whether he has ever
been m it. 1 cannot but think that Ins judgment
of the character of tins building is about as just as
it would be if he should judge of its appearance
from the looks of the bricks that composed it as
they were formed m the brick-kiln. I am told, sir,
that it is a very fine model of a building, and that
it is one of the most conveniently arranged and
appropriately adapted to the purposes for which it
was designed, and that its equal in that respect is
scarcely to be found in this city oV anywhere else.
That is what has been stateji to me by those com-
petent to speak upon the subject I have not b^en
inside of the building myself, and therefore do not
know anything about its internal arrangements or
appearance, but I have heard repeated testimony,
as 1 before said, as to the convenience and su-
periority of this building. The outside of it is
not as handsome and comely as might be; and
this junsightliness we propose to remedy by this
bill.
Sir, I do not know much about the debit and
credit account of the city with tins Government;
but, inasmuch as the Senator from Connecticut
alluded to the subject, and made some statements
with respect to it, I hope to be permitted to state
what 1 understand with reference to the matter. 1
understand, sir, that the Dutch got a mortgage
upon the property here; which has, it seems, by
some process, got transferred to us, so that we
stand m the Dutchman's place. The Dutch claim
originated in something like the following man-
ner : Under the improvident legislation of Con-
gress, who encouraged the city in its wild and
visionary speculations, by a special act—which
they never ought to have passed—this Corporation
of the city of Washington were induced to sub-
scribe for a million of dollars'worth of stock in
the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal. I believe that
was the name of the stock. This child of our
| adoption, sir, looking to us for guidance and w*s-
I dom—the last place that I would recommend any-
j body to go for that article—subscribed, m accord-
ancc with the judgment of the House, the Senate,
j and the President, to this stock; and, instead of
realizing its golden visions to such a glorious ex-
tent as they expected, were brought almost to the
brink of rum. They were led on by us, sir, until
they had expended some four hundied thousand
dollars in paying annual interest on this extrava-
gant loan, which was the result of our wild and
visionary legislation. The loan being negotiated
in Holland, they did, as was stated by the {Senator
from Connecticut, come very near being sold out
by the Dutch; but Congress, thinking they had
suffered enough from the evil into which they had
led them, stepped in, and, after the city had paid
some four hundred thousand dollars interest on
this loan, relieved them from the consequences of
the evil. Now, sir, if there is any just claim in
equity to all the propeity,personal or relative, and
chattels of every description, m the District, lesult-
ing, as the fruit of that transaction, to us, i do not
see it. I think, if we had adhered to equity in
settling this matter, that we should have relieved
them from the interest of this claim as well as the
principal. I would remark, in addition, that I un-
derstand that one-half of all the lands of this city—
and if i make a misstatement I tiust those who are
better informed on the subject will corrcct me—
were comeyed m fee simple to the Government
ot the United States by the original proprietors.
From the sale of these lands, thus conveyed in fee
simple, a sum has accrued to the national treasury
a little short of eight hundred thousand dollars.
I That is the way the matter stands.
1 I confess, Mr. President, that i sympathize en-
tirely with the views so well expressed by the
Senator Irom Alabama, [Mr. King,] that this is
our city, and that this is the place where the hopes
and affections of the whole nation center. Heie is
where they have been wont to center, and i trust
will for some time longer; and that they will not
staitoff on a southern or western expedition, to'
find a location different from that selected by the
Father of his Country. I think, sir, that our con-
quering eagles will never plume their wings for a ,
flight so adventurous as to seek for a spoi in any !
other portion of the country whereon to locate our '
capital, where an Amencan citizen can rest and
find his heait untrammeled, and not return to this
city as the first seat of his affections.
Another woid m regard to this matter of paying :
rent for the accommodation of oui courts: it is
said to have been an extiavagant sum in appro-
priating ten thousand dollars cd the time we took
this building for a court-house; but, sir, n was ail I
expended iu making the necessary repairs to the !
rooms which the courts were to occupy. The courts
have occupied these rooms for twenty-five years
for nothing. Now, 1 know that it is the custom of
the United States to pay rents for the buildings they
use, and very liberal rents too. In the city of Port-
land, by a proviso you propose in this civil and dip-
lomatic bill, the fact, is presented that the Govern-
ment of the United States have been in the habit of
paying two thousand dollars a year for the occu-
pancy of the rooms which their courts had used*
and 1 venture to say that we have not occupied the
rooms in Portland one quarter of the time that we
have used this building here. Sir, we do not deal
as liberally with the city of Washington as with
the more remote cities of the Union. And I desire
to remark here, in accordance with a suggestion
made by the Senator from J\Tew Jersey, teat this
building—that has met the ridicule of the Senator
from Connecticut—instead of originating in the
time of mad speculation and folly, was commenced
in the year 1820—that sober and steady period,
under that sober and steady President, James
Monroe. That was the time the building was
originated, and we took possession of it in 1825, -
long before this mad scheme had made any prog-
ress in the public mind. Sir, let us have this
appropriation, every dollar of which will be faith-
fully disbursed in the furtherance of the object
designed. I hope it will be made. For one, I am
prepared to act liberally and generously with the
city of Washington. I think much is due to her.
A more efficient and vigilant system of police—one
that answers its purpose better—is not to be found
in any city in the United States, not even in the
cities of New England, where we imagine we do
things a little belter than can be done anywhere
else. I believe that the city, in everything that
has devolved upon it, from its connection with the
Government, has faithfully and liberally performed
the required duties. I trust, sir, that she will meet
with a coriespondmgliberality on the part of Con-
gress.
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. President, if the city has
any such police regulations as the Senator from
New Hampshire has described, I must say that I
know nothing about them. Indeed, if it has any
at all, it has never been my good fortune to meet
with them. That is not the point, however. I de-
sire to make one remark with reference to the main
question. This I understand to be a proposition
to appropriate thirty thousand dollars for the pur-
pose of putting in suitable repair the City Hall, as
it is called, that the United States may hold their
district court there. I endorse every word that has
been said, in reference to the building, by the hon-
orable Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Niles.] It
is wholly unfit; no improvements, no repairs? that
can be put upon it, according to my mechanical
judgment, can make it a suitable building for that
purpose. It was begun wrong and ended wrong.
I have been through it, and profess to know some-
thing about it, and it has often excited wonder in
my mind that the Government should beassociated
with a building of that kind.
Here is a proposition to appropriate thirty thou-
sand dollars to repair an old shell, as it has been
propeily called by the Senator from Connecticut,
much more suitable for the nests of owls and bats
than for a court-house. Even its geographical
position is wrong.
Mr. President, it is a conceded point that we need
more room in this Chamber; that the Chamber is
not sufficient to accommodate the public; and that,
as a matter of course, we shall soon have to enlarge
its capacity. Now, this sum of thirty thousand
dollars would go far, very far, towards erecting an
addition to this building, that would give room to
the public, and comfort and convenience to Sena-
tors. And here is the place where the United States
courts should be held. Here is the public hbiary,
and here ate otherconveniences that identify them-
selves with the public service. Now, I ask hon-
orable Senators who propose to vote upon this
proposition, if they had thirty thousand dollars to
expend in a building for themselves, immaterial as
to whether they intended it for private family use
or for public use, if they would seek to expend it
upon a foundation such as is proposed m this in-
stance, or whether they would not go to work and
select a good site, employ a mechanic that under-
stood his business, and construct a building from
the ground up, that would be an ornament to the
nation? If that is what gentlemen desire, now I
say that, looking at this thing abstractly, looking
