528
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 13.
from Maryland [Mr. McLane] objected to it at
that time. The objection, therefore, did not apply
to the remarks of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, for he ha-d previously declared to the House,
in express terms, his intention not to debate these
resolutions, and it was to the reading that the ob-
jections of the gentleman from Maryland applied.
But I thinli.it would be a bad precedent to en-
cumber the Journal with this land of wrangling—
if 1 may be allowed to use the term—upon matters
so unimportant, as I conceive this to be. For
these reasons, 1 think the Journal should not be
amended.
Mr. ASEtMUN. In relation to the accuracy of
the report of the Globe, 1 concur with the gentle-
man trom Georgia, as to its general accuracy; as
usual, it is substantially correct. But the gentle-
man omitted entirely to read a previous portion of
that report, which relates to the manner ill which
the gentleman from South Carolina was permitted
to address the House. The report in the Globe
says, what is true:
[Mr. Wallace] asked the indulgence of the House
whilst he made a few lemarks in explanation ot these reso-
lutions.
" The Speaker said, if there was no objection, the gen-
tlemnn'wcmld proofed.
* " No objection was made."
That (said Mr. A.) shows that it was by gen-
eral consent. The report, in a subsequent part,
states:
♦ " Mr. Wallace being about to proceed—
"Mr. Giddings ro^r to a question of order. Did he (he
inquiied) undei&taud that the i ubji-ct was debatable?
'-Tut; Speaker sawl, Cie.uly not, without unanimous
consent.
"Mr. GtDDiNos. As a member ofthe House, I cannot 
" [Onei- otk Too latf, too
"Tiie Speuckr. Tno Chair distinctly announced that
the gentleman Irom South Caiolimi [Mr. Wallace] could
go on bv unanimous consent. That t unseat was given.
"Mi. Gioi>jno>. I rhri not .know it."
I want it to appear historically, as it was, that
no gentleman objected to the gentleman from South-
. Carolina proceeding; but that lie went on by gen-
eral consent, until afterwards, when it was too late,
a question of order was raised by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings;] that, too, is entirely
omitted from the Journal.
But when I rose, i did rise in the first place for
the purpose of saying a few words upon the reso-
lutions which were introduced,and buta few words.
1 did not rise in the ordinary sense of the phrase to
address the House, i wanted merely to call th'e
attention of the House to the fact, that the resolu-
tions presented by the gentleman fiom South Car-
olina declare that the time for discussion upon this
question is passed; and yet the gentleman asked
the-courtesy of the-House. That was all I intended
to say; and so, subsequently, when 1 was called
upon by the Speaker to know if! meant to debate
the subject, I replied that I did not, meaning that {
did not wish to debate it m the ordinary accepta-
tion of the term. But 1 wished to call the attention
of the House to the fact, that in the face of these
resolutions of the Legislature of South Carolina,
the gentleman from South Carolina proceeded, by
t the courtesy of the House, to discuss the question.
Now, I want it to appear, as in fact it took place,
that the gentleman proceeded by the general con-
sent of the House; and that when I wanted to say
a singly word on the subject, to have a single line
of the resolutions read, it was objected to.
Mr. HENLEY said the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts would be proper if the
Journal itself did not contain matter that ought
not to be there. There ought not to be anything
said upon the Journal as to who made speeches.
He had sometimes addiessed the House, but he
believed the Journal did not show it. [A laugh.]
Therefore, the Speaker ought to direct that part of
theJournal to be Strieker, out. Then,he presumed,
the amendment of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts would not be insisted upon.
He moved, before the vote was taken on the
amendment of the gentleman, to strike out that
part of the-Journal which spoke of the gentleman
from South Carolina addressing the House.
Mr. WALLACE. In reply to the remarks of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Ash-
munj] I beg leave to say to him and to this House,
that i did not discuss the VViimot proviso in the
remarks which I made. There is no inconsistency
between the declaration made in the resolutions
that I had the honor to present from the Legisla-
ture of South Carolina and the remarks that I
made. If the gentleman will look to them, he will
see that this is the fact.
Mr. BURT rose and addressed the Chair, but
the floor was given to
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, who said he be-
lieved that this matter had consumed now about
half an hour. It wasa^very remarkable occur-
rence, that one gentleman should have been per-
mitted to address the House by favor, and that
that favor had been refused to another gentleman.
The whole of the facts were now laid before the
country. If there was any very great benefit to be
derived from them in any way, gentlemen could
now avail themselves of it, and therefore he would
make the motion to lay the amendment on the
table, unless the gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Burt] was very anxious to address the
House.
Mr. BURT said he certainly did not want to
tax too heavily the courtesy of the gentleman from
Arkansas.
Mr. JOHNSON. I withdraw the motion for
the gentleman.
The SPEAKER stated to the gentleman from
Arkansas that the motion to lay an amendment on
the table was not in order.
Mr. BURT asked that the suggested amendment
of the Journal be read.
It was read accordingly.
Mr. BURT remarked, that the Journal stated
that his colleague [Mr. Wallace] was allowed to
address'the tlause by special leave. He desired
simply to pg.y that the fact was that his colleague
was permitted to address the House by the unan-
imous' consent of the House. Well; he should
regard that as special leave. He did not know
what could be a more special permission of the
House to address it than the unanimous consent
of the House, when the objection of a single mem-
ber could have prevented u.
He desired to say, that he thought there was
no precedent whatever, in the history of parlia-
mentary bodies, for the latter part of the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts. He certainly did not desire to place that
gentleman in a false position; and if he might ask
of the House at this moment, when he knew they
were so anxious to proceed to other business, he
would ask and he would vote that this House now
give to the gentleman from Massachusetts leave
to say whatever he chose to say in reply to his
(Mr. JB.'s) colleague, [Mr. Wallace.] He did
not know, when his colleague rose yesterday, that
he rose to offer the resolutions of the Legislature
of South Carolina; nor did he know thai his col-
league contemplated making any remarks what-
ever. But he begged to say to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, that he (IVlr. B.) would not then
have interposed any objection to the gentleman's
proceeding with his remarks; and if it pleased the
House, by unanimous consent, that the gentleman
from Massachusetts should address it in reply to
his (Mr. B.'s) colleague, and upon the subject of
these resolutions, he should be most happy to hear
the gentleman.
Mr. TURNER said that before the question was
put to the House on the amendment which had
been offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts
he (Mr. T.) desired to say that*, in itself, he con-
sidered it a matter of no very great importance; but
that, taken in connection with the subject that had
excited so much feeling in the House, he wished
to make one remark before he gave his vote.
The first line of the first resolution presented yes-
terday by the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Wallace,] declared "that the'time for discussion
by the siaveholding States as to their exclusion
fiom the territory recently acquired from Mexico,
has passed," and so forth. No>v, in his (Mr. TVs)
opinion, the time had also passed when any special
pleading should appear on the Journals of the
House in relation to this subject. The Journal
said that by special leave the gentleman from South
Carolina was allowed to make his remarks, it
was contended that general consent meant special
leave. If so, special leave meant general consent;
and would it not be as well for the fact to appear
on the lecord, that objection was not made, as that
it should appear on the record that special leave
was granted ? No other construction could be put
upon.it. It was leave granted positively. But if
a man did a thing because it was not objected to,
that was not special leave. It was said that silence
gave consent. If it gave consent, it^did not give
special leave. He, for one, was opposed to this
system of special pleading appearing on the face
of the Journal.
He had examined the Journal in relation to
many motions of this kind, and the invariable lan-
guage used was, " objection not being made," such
and such a thing was allowed to be done. Why
should not the fact appear in this case in the same
way? There certainly could be no objection to
that. He was therefore in favor of the correction
moved by the gentleman from Massachusetts, so
far as that fact was concerned.
He considered, further, that this subject had
reached a point where it became the duty of every
individual having a seat in this House to stand up
even to the technicalities of the Journal. There
had been a doubt in his mind whether there had
not been a deep-seated revolutionary plot carried
on, if not within the walls of- this Capitol 
Mr. STANTON interposed, and said that he
rose to a question of order.
[Cries—"-Let him go on"—"Do not interrupt
him."]
Mr. STANTON submitted his point of order.
He desired to be informed whether the remarks of
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Turner] were in
order?
The SPEAKER'S reply was scarcely heard,
but he was understood to say that he could not
know what the gentleman was going to say, or
what application he was about to make of his re-
marks. Clearly, however, no debate was in order
except as to tfte subject-matter of the amendment
proposed to the Journal.
Mr. TURNER. That is what I am discussing,
and I am endeavoring to show the importance of
keeping the Journals pure. It is bur a few days
since, that a very imposing meeting was held m
this Capitol. Tnat meeting framed an address,
ostensibly for the purpose of placing a portion of
this community, as they said, right before the
world. Now, as to the importance of 
'The SPEAKER interposed, and said that the
remarks of the gentleman were clearly out of
order.
[Cries, Let him go on."]
Mr. TURNER. I certainly can apply these
1 remarks 
[Cries to order, and "No, you cannot!"]
The SPEAKER said the gentleman would have
some other more appropriate occasion to discuss
the subject to which he was alluding-
Mr. TURNER. I was not going to discuss
it. I was going to say that it was just as import-
ant 
Mr. WALLACE moved that the gentleman
have leave to proceed with his remarks.
Mr. TURNER, (continuing.) I was going to
say that we should place ourselves right on our
Journals. Therefore I am in favor of having the
proceedings appear upon the record in the manner
m which it was presented here yesterday; and I
shall resist anything that does not point exactly
to that end. I shall vote in favor of the amend-
ment of the Journal.
Mr. STANTON, in reference to that portion of
the remarks of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Turner,] to which he (Mr. S.) had objected,
desired, he said, to state, that he had no objection
to the discussion of that question, if the House
were disposed to enter upon it. He had not ob-
jected to the remarks of the gentleman from any
disposition to shrink from the discussion of that
subject.
But, in respect to the matter now under the con-
sideration of the House, he desired to submit the
point to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Ashmun,] and to the Presiding Officer of this
House, that the gentleman from Massachusetts did
not ask permission to debate the question referred
to by the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Wallace,] and that the House did not refuse to
let him do so. On the contrary, the gentleman
did not ask the consent of the House to debate it.
He said it was not his intention to debate it. He
merely asked that the first line of the resolution
be read.
Mr. ASHMUN was understood to say that he
did not wish to debate, as he had explained, and
his amendment did not contain any assertion of
that kind. He simply rose to address the House,
and objection was made.
Mr. STANTON. I understand that the gentle-
man does not deny the fact that he stated he did
