532
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 13,
grant the right of way across the public" lands, and
to dispose of said land in aid of the several States
in the construction of railroads and canals," was
read twice.
Mr COLLAMER desired the attention of the
House to a few words in ^explanation of the pro-
visions of the bill. It was a bill from the Senate,
and did not require to be sent to the Committee on
Public Lands, because it was precisely a copy of
the bill reported unanimously from that commit-
tee some four to six weeks since, and put upon the
calendar of the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, where it still was, and, as he
supposed, for all practical purposes, was consigned
to the tomb of the Capnlets. He called the atten-
tion of the House to a few considerations by which
he proposed to urge the passage of the bill. Wheth-
er gentlemen thought proper to give him their at-
tention or not, at all events he should endeavor to
discharge his duty to ihe country; and if gentle-
men chose to turn a deaf ear to him, it was not his
concern. He could teSl them that the biH contained
very httie which might commend it to the attention
of politicians of anfsort; it. created r.o, office; it
proposed no appropriation of money; it made no
grant of land;.and yet it was a bill, as he consid-
ered, of very great importance to the country.
There was before the House and in the hands
of the Committee on Public Lands, a large num-
ber of bills, founded upon petitions to Congress for
rights of way and grants of the public lands to as-
sist the new Slates in the construction of their rail-
roads, proposing to grant the alternate sections of
the unsold public lands along the several lines of
these roads, and raising the price of the remaining
sections. These bills proceeded upon theground,
that, when a railroad is constructed through the
public lands, it adds one-half to their value; and
hence the teasonof the claim for the alternate sec-
tions, and for doubling the price of the remaining
sections along the hne of Fueh road. The number
of these bills before the committee at this time, he
could not tell precisely; but at the time he made
the exhibit which he now presented, the number
was fifteen, to wit: three !ur Michigan, three for
Iowa, three for Illinois and Indiana, two for Illi-
nois alone, two for Mis^ouii, one for Mississippi,
and one for Alabama. Two petitions, he believed,
had been presented since the time he made this
estimate. The amount of public lands thus pro-
posed to be granted by alternate sections, was nine
millions "seven hundred and sixty-six thousand six
. hundred and forty-one acres. The committee had
not the necessary time to go into an examination
separately and carefully or the relative merits of
all their claims; but probably they all had merits,
more or less. The number of these applications :
had so greatly increased, that the committee de-
spaired of coming to jnst conclusions m all cases
upon any other principle than that proposed in the
bill before the Hou.se; and, besides, they had seen {<
cases where grants of this kind had been made, ij
and the price of the alternate sections raised by !■
Congress, and w'neie, upon the application of the
grantees, the price of the alternate sections had
afterwards been reduced again to the price of other !;
, public lands; and thus the quid pro quo contem- ! j
plated in the grant had utterly failed. jl
Another consideration which decided the com-
ituUee in favor of the bill was, that applications
for similar grants of the public lands might come
up from the old States, in which no public lands
were situated. He referred particularly to an ap-
plication of this sort from the State of Pennsyl-
vania j arfd another from the State of Connecticut;
and to the difficulties involved in making such
grants on account of taxation, as well as°to the
difficulties involved in the principle of making these f
grants to the new ffcitcs exclusively. The com- !
mittee, therefore, concluded,upon the principle that \
the construction of a railroad over the public lands }
increased their value, to report a general hill upon !
the subject. They proposed, as in the first section |
of the Senate bill, that any new State which might :
authorize and lay out a railroad over any portion '
of the public lands, and report the same to the
proper department of the General Government, h
that thereupon such State should be entitled to the ![
right of way thiough buch public lands. (There :j
Were several bills before Congress, proposing to i'
grant nothing but the right of way. The gentle- ]i
man from Alabama had one of this character, •'
which had remained a long time upon the calendar ;i
without the action of the House.) The grant of ll
the right of way was all there was of the first sec-
tion of the bill.
The second section embraced the grand idea of
the bill, taking hold of the general principle he
had stated, and enacting, that when the survey of
such railroad route shall have been reported by
the proper authorities of such new State, they
shajl have the right of way; and, if they so re-
quest, there shall be reserved from public sale so
much of the public lands on each side of said rail-
road route 
Mr. STARKWEATHER interposed to ask
the gentleman whether the bill did not propose to
give to the new States what was equivalent to a
preemption right to the nine millions of acres of
which he had spoken?
Mr. COLLAMER. Yes, and more too. The
bill was nothing more nor less than a proposition
saying to these new States, if they choose to lay
out a railroad through the public lands, they shall
have the right of way to begin with: and then, in
tl'ie next section, it is enacted, that upon their re-
quest there shall be reserved from public sale all
or any part of the public lands which they may
select on each side of said railroad route, and
within ten miles thereof; and that the State or
States so applying, sjpall have the exclusive right
to purchase such lands, at a price not exceeding
one dollar and twenty-five cents per acre, for the
term of ten years; and at the end of ten years, if
they neglect to take the land and pay for it, the
right of sale passes again to the General Govern-
ment.
Before he concluded his remarks upon the bill,
he desired to have the second section read again:
for it required the States to pay for the land before
they could possess it, or it was not the bill reported
from the Committee on Public Lands.
The second section was then read, and it is as
follows:
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That when the survey
Of ?.aid route shall have been leturned to the Secretary of
the Treasury, lie t-lnili, at the request of tho Governor or said
State, reserve from public sale all, or so much of the public
land.s, within ten miles of snid loute, as >aid Governor, by
direction of the Legislature of said State, shall request,and
the same shall be letained foresaid Stat^, and shall be sold
and convened to said State, or to whoever said State shall
direct, at and for the minimum price per acre, m such quan-
tities, and at such times, as said Stale shall desire, in aid of
said construction: Provided, nevertheless, That &aid route
shall he so surveyed and returned, and said land soreserved,
within three years front the passing of tnis law ; and all ot
said land not actually so purchased and paid for by said
State, within ten years from the passing of tins act, shall be
subject to sale and private entry, in the same manner as if
the same had not bpen reserved. Jind •provided, further,
That this shall not extend to any land but such as is subject
to private sale at one dollar and-twenty-fivc cents per acre;
and nothing in this act contained shall be so construed as to
giant to any State such right of preemption to any land
heietofore set apart or reserved for schools, nor to anv pub-
lic land which may have been reserved by the United States
for military or other purposes, noi to any mineral lands,
nor to any to which a right of pieemption may previously
have been acquired by any peison or persons.
Mr. C. proceeded to reiterate the provisions of
the section; that the land was not only to be re-
served to the States at a dollar and a quarter an
acre, but that they should have only such as they
paid for. The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Starkweather] had asked whether that was not
equivalent to a preemption. He replied th^t it
certainly was, andhe refened again to the principle
which justified it. A State proposes to make a
railroad through the public lands which will in-
crease their value, and asks for the aid of the Gen-
eral Government. Now, we say in this bill to such
a State, Take our lands and pay for them, at our
regular price, and whatever you can add to their
value by your improvement, you are welcome to.
That was all there was of the bill—the beginning,
the end, and the whole of it.
To say that bad legislation might grow out of
such a systepi of grants, was no objection to his
mind. He did not know but it might be, when
the western States should get the power, that they
would control all the public lands they could lay
their hands on; but the new States certainly could
have no wish, at any time, to put a stop to settle-
ments, and they would noi therefore ask to have
any more land reserved from sale than they would
actually need. The bill provided that they should
only have what they might ask for within ten miles
of their road; and to encourage their improvement, J
the General Government proposed to give them a '
preemption claim. But these States must lay out
their roads and make their selections of lands within
two years from the passage of this act, and then
they would have eight years to pay for them; and
no title* was to pass to the States, in any case, till
the lands were paid for.
Mr. VINTON said this was a new proposition V
to him. He did not know that the bill was in the -
House till it came up for consideration. He had -
great confidence in the opinions of thq gentleman *■
from Yermont [Mr. Collamer] on all questions ?
concerning the public lands; but his first impress
sion, if the bill became a law, was, that it would -
have a most injurious effect upon the sales of the
public land3. If the bill was to become a law, he
would undertake to mark a prediction concerning
it, which gentlemen might make, if *.hey thought it
worth while, and see whether it would not be veri*
fied. It would work m this way: If such a right
of preemption were to be given for ten mites on
each side of a railroad, the States would become
a preemptive purchaser to large quantities of land,
and so become debtors to the United States in very "
heavy amoupts, of the payment of which debt's
they might, in their own time, combine and rid
themselves.
In the first place, it was proposed to arrest those
ten mile strips of land from saie—and the road
might be three hundred miles long—the States ;
taking such lands as they might find to be good
bargains, and letting the rfst go, as a matter of
course. Then would commence the work of spec-
ulators. Therewere.alwaysthe largest proportion
of speculators in alt new countries. Just as soon as '
this bill should pass, these speculators would begin
to combine together, to form companies, and lay
out railroads in all the new States, and they would
continue to project their roads u|>til they got posses-
sion of all the public lands in the new States. The
public lands in Illinois, Wisconsin, Iowa, and
Missouri, would be all crowded out of the market,
upon this credit system. The country had tried
the credit system before, and they were obliged to '
abandon it; and the result of the present experi-
ment would be to give to such corporations as
might run their railroads through the public lands
in the States of Missouri, Illinois, Mississippi,
Iowa, Wisconsin, Indiana, and Ohio, such a hold
upon them all, that he ventured to say, in the end,
every foot of them would go to thebenefitof specu- -
lators. Land would thus be taken immediately out
of the market to aid in the construction of roads not
needed,and which would never be completed. The f
State Legislatures would be very ready to grant
their charters,jand in less than three years the great
body of the most valuable of the public lands would
be taken out of the market, and that branch of ths
public revenue would be wholly dried up. And
then there would come up from the new States a
delegation to Congress so strong that these lands
would- be all surrendered to them. The lands
would never be sold to them; but they would get
such a grip upon them, that they would never be
reclaimed by Congress; for the interests of the new
States would be represented by a .force that would
be strong enough to carry all their measures here.
If in no other way, the object might be carried
upon the occasion of a Presidential election.
As to giving to all railrqads the right of way over
the public lands, he had no objection to that; but
as to the second section of the bill, he thought no '
provision of law could be more dangerous and det-
rimental to the interests of the country. This was
the first impression of his mind upon hearing the
bill read; for, as ha had before said, he did not
know the bill was in the House till just now. He
was for striking out the second section, or commit-
ting the bill, when it might receive more consider-
ation than would be given to it if it were to be
passed now. He moved to strike out the second
section.
Several gentlemen now called for an adjourn-
ment. /
Mr. TOMPKINS inquired of the Chair what
would be the effect upon the bill of an adjourn-
ment now'
The SPEAKER replied, that an adjournment
would leave the bill upon the Speaker's table.
After further explanations from the Chair touch-
ing the order of business on the Speaker's table—
Mr. TOMPKINS proceeded to address the  
House in favor of the bill. _He desired to present
one or two general views in" addition to those pre-
sented by the chairman of the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, [Mr. Collamer;] but he would first an-
swer one or two objections which had been urged
by the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
