588
TIP CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 15,
persuaded that the Senate will not reject the bill
for her relief." A pension was not allowed by the
Commissioner "bf Pensions, on the ground, that the
case did not strictly come within the letter of the
iaw; but if the claim does not come withinthe letter,
it certainly comes within the spirijpnd intention of
the law. A number of cases, not as strong, and of
less merit, have b^en provided for by special acts
of Congress. Xhe' committee were unanimously
in favo; of the bill.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. It is. a matter, sir, in
which, if I were to consult the feelings of my
heart, I woul.d vote in favor of this bill, and in
favor of every other bill that proposed pensions to
widows."1" Sir, I would not discriminate; but I
want some principle upon which I can base my
vote, that will stand the test of the scrutiny of my
constituents. If I am correctly informed, this
gentleman died of cholera. That is the disease
that carried him off; and dying in that way, upon
what principle is it that you are to pension his
widow? I only say, that if the example is set, it
will amount to this: that the widow of any meri-
torious officer who has served gallantly, as the
Senator from Louisiana has very properly said of
Major Dix, will claim the same privilege. Now,
if this is to be the result, we ought to have a gen-
eral bill uponthe subject at once. Sir, I shall not
detain the Senate to argue against the feelings
which, animate the bosoms of us all upon a ques-
tion of mere policy, because I know how hopeless
the task is. All I ask is, that the yeas and nays
may be taken on the question.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The statement
put forth by the Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Underwood] perhaps needs some reply; and in
that reply I would not appeal simply to the Sen-
ator's heart, or assert that Justice should fall "in
order that Charity might rise. It is a case which
comes so nearly within the provisions of the law,
that my opinion was that it ought to be allowed at
the auditing department. This officer, alter long
service in the Mexican war, returned to the United
States, where he was immediately put on duty,
and remained on duty in connection with the troops
then being disbanded in the service. Just after
having closed the payment, of the troops, and while
on his way to "Washington to make his last return,
when he would have bee* released from all further
duty m connection with the Mexican war, he was
seized by a fatal disease, contracted from exposure
while thus performing hi6 last duty as an officer
of the army, and died. The case comes plainly
within the law allowing pensions to the widows
and orphans of those who die on their way to the
United States, and who by that law are entitled to
the benefit of the general pension fund. This officer
had not yet returned to his home, and it was while
he was in the performance of duties growing out
of the war with Mexico that he contracted the dis-
ease that terminated his life. It i#because the case
does not come within the strict letter of the law
that it has been made an exception, and comes
before the Senate as a special bill. In my estima-
tion, however, it comes fully wiihin the scope and
spirit of the general law. It is too plain a case to
be made a precedent of in the way the Senator
from Kentucky suggests.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, and
was read a third time.
The question being on its passage—
Mr. UNDERWOOD called for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. KING. My friend from Mississippi [Mr.
Davis.] appears to take issue with the general sen-
timent expressed by the Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Underwood.] But 1 agree with the Senator
from Kentucky that we should certainly stop short
at some period—and no time is more appropriate
than the present—of pensioning the widows of all
persons who shall die a natural death, however
gallant may have been their services. If that will
be the consequence of the passage of this bill, it j
is certainly setting the precedent for expenditures I
to which there will be scarcely any limit. 1 have j
studied from its commencement the operation of I
the pension law. We commenced with granting 1
pensions to the widows of particular individuals
whose lives were sacrificed while rendering meri-
torious and gallant service to the country. We
went on step by step, until we began to pension
the widows of those officers and soldiers who
had served in the revolutionary war; the season.
assigned was that, whilst their husbands were
fighting the battleg of their country, they were
left, at home to take care of the family, and sub-
jected to many difficulties and hardships; to this
'I did not object. Then came a law pensioning
all the widows of officers and soldiers who had
married many years after the war. Thus the pen-
sion list has continued to swell year after year,
without any cessation or stop to it, and without
-coming to any point beyond which we can see a
limit to the system of pensions. If this is a case
which will open a .door to the pensioning of all
widows of officers who di^a natural death in the
service of the country, there will be no end topen-
sions so long as the Government lasts. It involves
a principle which has never heretofore been estab-
lished, and which I think never ought to be. I
very much question whether the statement of the
Senator from Mississippi would take this case out
of the general provision that would apply to all
cases of officers dying a natural death while in the
service. It is true, this individual, oil returning to
this country, was assigned to the discharge of du-
ties in the line of his profession at New Orleans,
but other officeis have died while engaged in the
perfovmance of duties at other points of the country;
and they will die, as we must, all die- I ask my
honorable friend from Mississippi if the widow of
atl officer who has performed duty regularly at
points to which he has been assigned, should die
a year after its performance, and before he shall
have reached his place of residence, is not equally
entitled to a pension?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. With the permis-
sion of the Senator from Alabama, 1 will state the
point of distinction; it is this: If the officer should
be continued on duty without an opportunity to go
home to rejoin his family and arrange his domestic
affairs, by making such provision for his family as
has been tendered necessary by his absence during
the war with Mexico—if he should not have been
at a post or elsewhere in a condition to put his
house in order before starting on that journey from
which no traveler returns, but, on the contrary,
been kept, by the order of his superiors, constant-
ly on duty connected with events growing out of
the war with Mexico, and whilst so employed had
contracted a disease of which he died, his case
differs very little, from that of an officer dying on
the voyage home, and is very dissimilar to that of
one who had ieturned to his post or permanent
station, arid comes clearly within the spirit of the
provision for those who died whilst returning to
their homes.
Mr. KING. Does not the honora.ble Senator
perceive that'there are numerous officers who have
returned from Mexico, who have not had an op-
portunity of returning to their families and putting
their affairs in order, but have been placed on duty
in various portions of the United States? And if
you put it upon the principle that where they have
once returned and been placed on duty—and the
office!" is transferied from point to point wherever
military service requires—if you put it upon the
principle that where an officer is placed upon duty
and is theteby prevented from returning home,
and dies while thus in service, his widow is en-
titled to receive a pension, I ask my honorable
friend how he can distinguish the present from a
case happening two or three years hence, should
an application be made for a pension, because the
officer had not had an opportunity of returning
.to his family? Sir, it is not a principle that will
bear investigation. It is coming to this: Are you
prepared to pension the widow of every officer
who returns from Mexico and dies a natural
death? That is the end of it. There are many
officets who have neither wives nor children; and
suppose they should get married while on their
way home, and die shortly after their marriage,
before reaching what they might pall home: would
you deprive their young wives of a pension, or
would you give it them? I see very great difficul-
ties that may arise from the establishment of this
precedent. Colonel Dix was, doubtless, a gallant
and meritoriousofficer,and discharged all his duties
with fidelity, and m a manner to confer distinction
upon himself and honor upon his country; and if
! I consulted my own feelings upon this occasion, I
would say, with the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Underwood,] give to his representa-
tives a pension, and give them liberally; give liber-
ally to the. wives and children of all those who
have served their country—give them as much as
we can spare from the treasury. But, sir, it
would exhaust the treasury of almost any coun-
try in the world if we should go on adopting sys-
tem after system, or rather without any system
at a,u, exercising our liberal feelings without estab- -
lishing any principle. I cannot see how we can.
vote for this case, and refuse hereafter to vote for
all cases that may bS presented, even though the
officers may die years hence.
Mr. DAVIS of Mississippi. Mr. President, I
fear that my explanation to the honorable Senator
from Alabama was very imperfectly given, because
he argues from premises I certainly never laid down.
I never argued that a soldier is not at home when
at his post; yet, so' far as arranging the affairs of
his family in the event of his death is concerned,
some fixed residence, some point of rest, such as
a permanent post, constitutes the home of the sol-
dier. The Senator, .therefore, argues from the
position of a soldier reaching a permanent home
and being at home. In" answer to this, I say that
Colonel Dix was never at a permanent home;
that he was ever wandering like Noah's dove, in
search of a point on which to rest; that he was
literally in a state of transit, as much so as if he
had died at sea on board a transport vessel. My
own construction of the law would have included
this case; I would have considered Colonel Dix
as returning from Mexico. Such, I was informed,
however, by the honorable Senator who first took
charge of this case, was not the construction put
upon it by the department. They held that, after
he had returned to the United States, the law was
satisfied. It strikes me, however, that this officer
never having been relieved from duty, being kept
constantly on duty, without any chance of reach-
ing a fixed point for making provision for his >
family, the case comes clearly wHin the spirit of
the law, if not exactly within its letter; and that
the case is not such as the honorable Senator from
Alabama considers, when he raises the question
of every officer, when he gets to a fixed post, which
is the home of the soldier, so much so, indeed, that
it is even 
Mr. BUTLER, (interposing.) What would be
the law if officers died on board of a vessel before
they reached the United States?
Mr. DAVIS. In such an event, their case would
be included within the law'. If an officer dies on
his way home, according to the construction put
upon the law by the Commissioner of Pensions,
no application to Congress would be necessary.
The whole merit of this case rests simply upon the
question, whether this officer was so far prevented
from returning to his home as to come within the
spirit of ths law, so as to give his widow and
children a pension, as it would have done had he
died on board a transport vessel before reaching the
United States?
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to %now whether.
Colonel Dix had not been in the United States
some time after the war, previous to his death? It _
strikes me that he had been in Washington during
the past year; sent here, I think, on special busi- ■
ness,
Mr. DAVIS. I will answer the Senator that
Colonel Dix was in Washington during the war
and after the war. He was a paymaster, and came
here for funds, came here for orders, passing back-
wards and forwards, in the field, and m the United
Slates, receiving funds, having devolved on him
the most arduous duties of any paymaster in the
service. But the whole merit of the case rests
upon the fact, that after the war with Mexico ter-
minated, he never had an opportunity to arrange
his private affairs. *
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, as I under-
stand the case, the answer of the honorable Sen-
ator from Mississippi has certainly destroyed all
claim to a pension on the part of the repiesenta-
tives of Colonel Dix. It seems that that officer
had been in the country nearly a year after the
termination of the war, was here backwards and
forwards upon such duty as the Government as-
signed him. He certainly did not die while.return-
ing from the seat of war. He had left the seat of
war, had returned here, spent months here, and
went to other places   * .
Mr. DAVIS, (in his seat.) That was during
the war.
Mr. CAMERON. He came here after the war
also, and went back again  -
Mr. DAVIS, (interposing.) That was during the
war. He did sot, return to Mexico after the war.
