1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
Mr. CAMERON. He came here, went back,
and came again, and then went'to Tennessee, or
some other State in the West, to pay off some
volunteers. He had actually been months, per-
haps ja year, in the country, after- leaving the seat
of war, before his death took place.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, this case, it
appears to me, does not come within the pro-
visions and principles either of the general law, or
of any special law. In the general pension law
there was no provision giving pensions to the
widows of army officers who died of disease con-
tracted while in the service, though there was a
provision granting pensions, under similar circum-
stances, to the widows of naval officers. In July,
1848, we made a special law, and to the provisions
of this law I call the attention of the Senate. That
law gives il pensions to the widows of officers who
* had died since the first day of April, 1846, or
4 who may die during the war with Mexico, from
* wounds received, or from disease contracted, while
4 in the line of duty." That was not the case with
Colonel Dix. He did not die during the war with
Mexico, either of wounds received or of disease
contracted. But there was a proviso, which says:
"Provided, Said death has occuried, or may hereafter
occur, wlulp said officers, &c., were ai the service of the
United States, in the line of duty, or while returning to their
usual pfaces of residence in lite United Stutt^, after having
received a discharge upon a surgeon5^ certificate for disa-
bility incurred fiom wounds received or disease contracted
• wlule in the line of duty, oi while on their march to jom the
* army in Mexico."
The intention of the act seems to have been to
grant pensions to the widows of those who died
during the war with Mexico, or even after the war
with Mexico, if they were returning to their usual
places of'Vesidence in the United States, under the
peculiar circumstances mentioned in the proviso;
that is to say, returning under a discharge, upon
a surgeon's certificate, for disability. Now, this
does not appear to be the case in this instance. I
think, therefore, that the bill does not come either
within the letter or the spirit of any general or
special law. 1 know but one case similar to this.
It is the case of Mrs. McCrea, which is precisely
like the present ease* The Senate, a year ago*
granted a pension to Mrs. McCrea. The act by
which it was granted was passed, as the Senator
from North Carolina said, by an .appeal to our
hearts and not to our heads. This seems to be the
case in the present instance, as the claim for a pen-
sion is not based upon any general or special law.
Mr." WALKER. Mr. President, I have no
doubt many other Senators feel much disposed to
vote for this bill, and were I to consult my own
feelings I should most undoubtedly do so. I do
not intend, however, to be guided by them, but
rather to look upon this question as to its bearings
upon the treasury and upon the institutions of the
country. Before the honorable Senator from Ma-
ryland mafle his remarks I was reflecting and trying
to make up my mind as to what kind of a case
this was, and 1 must confess that I was somewhat
puzzled. It appears, hqwever, from what that
Senator has saia, that the law provides pensions
for the widows of those who have died, or who
shall die, in the service of the country in the war
with Mexico, from wounds received, or from dis-
eases contracted while they are returning home.
Now, there is a single question to be put in this
case, and I will put it: Was Colonel Dix, when
he took the disease of which he died, and when he
died, returning home from the war with Mexico?
That is one question. Did he die while returning
from the wax with Mexico to his homer and if so,
did he die of a disease contracted during the war,
or while yet in the service of the country connect-
ed. with that war? For myself, sir, I cannot see
how he could have died of adisease thus contracted
within the spirit of the law—within the meaning
of the law itself. So far as we have had any reports
of this matter—and I know of no report by the
committee to the contrary—Colonel Dix died of
the choleia. He had been stationed on duty at
New Orleans, and, as the Senator from Mississippi
tells us, in coming from New Orleans to this place
to settle his accounts, he took the disease, or the
disease developed itself upon him, of which he
died. Well, now, let me ask the Senator from
Mississippi this question: Docs he know whether
Colonel Oix, after he had discharged the duty for
which he was coming to Washington, after he
liad settled his accounts, would have departed
from this city to his home, or would he not, on the
contrary, have returned, as he often had done be-
fore, to his previous post of duty, New Orleans?
Mr. DAVIS. In answering the Senator's ques-
tion, I would say that I had no personal knowl-
edge of the deceased. I understand, however, that
he had children in Boston, whom he had not seen
for a considerable period. This being the case, I
have no doubt^ut that, as an affectionate father,
he would, as soon as relieved from duty, have
gone to see his children. *
Mr. WALKER. I think the Senator's pre-
sumption «a fair one. It is highly probable that
Colonel Dix would, ^s soon as his duty would
have permitted, have gone on to see his family.
But, sir, was the point at which death arrested
him a point in his progress from the seat of war
in Mexico to that home? Was he arrested by
death while passing from the seat of war to his
home, and while traveling for the purpose of re-
turning home? Not at all. The answer amounts
but to this at the most: that Colonel Dix, having
settled his accounts, or whatever business he had
here being completed, would have paid a visit to
his family. That is all that it amounts to, sir, and
it is all that it can be made to amount to.
Well, sir, knowing the merits of that officer,
knowing the manner m which he served his coun-
try in the war with Mexico, knowing his reputa-
tion for being one who in every place discharged
his duty faithfully and ably, I feel it in my heart to
go as far as any one can go, consistently with his
duty to the whole country, in voting a pension to
his widow. And I do most sincerely wish that I
could feel it within the scope of my duty to vote
for this pension. I wou(^ not be. one to regret to
see this'made a general rule. I would like to see
the widow of every meritorious officer, and the
widow of every meritorious soldier, that has fallen
under similar circumstances, receive a measure of
their support from the tieasury of the United
States. Were I to consult only my own feelings, I
would not regret to see this done; for if there is
anything under Heaven that excites my commis-
eration-, it is the widow or the orphan children
in suffering and distress, exposed to want, indi-
gence, and penury, whose husband and whose
father has fallen in the defence of his country, or
m a minor post of duty connected with that de-
fence. Sir, appealing to my feelings alone, I say
that every one of them should receive something
to smooth the path of life, and remove them trom
the sufferings attendant upon poverty. But it is a
solemn question presented to us now: Shall we
take this step m relation to Mrs. Dix? It is a case
that strongly appeals to us; perhaps a stronger
case can never be presented; and if the precedent j
Is to be set, if we are to take this step, if are to
vote pensions under these circumstances, now is
the moment for us to decide upon our policy in
regard to this matter. If this precedent is now to
be set, by which the pension laws are to be ex-
tended beyond their present scope, let them be
extended to the'extent to which I said 1 would not
regret to see them extended. And if it be the feel-
ing of Senators that they will settle this question,
and go thus far in extending the pension laws of
the country, let it be now done; let this pension
be granted. But, sir, if this be done, when others
come up here, who have no less nervous sensibili-
ties, who have experienced no less suffering, who
have lost husbands and fathers no less dear, let
gentlemen not turn a deaf ear to their supplications,
and say they cannot vote to grant their requests
and alleviate their distresses; but when the poor
and humble wife of the brave and deserving sol-
dier, and the wife of the gallant and meritorious
officer, shall come before us~, let us bear in mind
the precedent we set, and vote that which is to
contribute to the alleviation of their wants as lib-
erally and with as much feeling as we now vote
this pension.
Sir, 1 can hardly take my seat without express-
ing a wish that this bill may pass, £"0 strongly are
my feelings enlisted m its favor; and it is only from
a sense of duty, in view of the magnitude of the
precedent now about to be set, that I have opened
my lips in opposition to it. It is a great precedent,
and one for us now to reflect upon. We should
bear in mind that we ought not to depart from it
when similar cases come up before us, although
the recipients of our favor may not be so distin-
guished, nor occupy so high a position in society,
as the individual whose case we now have under
consideration.
Mr. HALfi. Mr. President, when "this bill was
called up by the chairman of the committee* I
thought that I should vote for it. * I then meant to
do so, but I shall now vote against it. It is ad-
milted that there is no law authorizing the pension
we are now called upon to grant. It is a special
case; and, sir, I must allude to some circumstances
which I would gladly refrain from mentioning. If
we are going to make a gratuity, we had better be
careful and discriminate the objects who are to re-
ceive the gratuity. I understand that Colonel Dix
left children as well as a widow; and, if this bill is
to pass, I should very much prefer that the pension
should be granted for the benefit of his children. I
heard, sir—I do not know the truth of it, but I am
compelled to say it, though with great regret—-
Mr. BUTLER, (interposing.) Don't say it, then.
Mr. HALE. Well, I will not say it, but I will
move that this bill may be laid aside for the pres-
ent, in order that I may find out whetheflll had
not better say it. I will move, therefore, to post-
pone the further consideration of this bill until
to-morrow, and take up the private calendar; and,
on that motion, I ask the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. President, is the motion
! to postpone the further consideration of this bill
until to-morrow?
PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. BENTON. The question to postpone until
to-morrow is hardly a debatable question. But
the yeas and nays have been called on that motion,
and the question is thus rendered, in effect, final,
so far as the bill is concerned. 1 do'not i^ish to
dn that which is disorderly, but a call for the yeas
and nays on a short term of postponement is equiv-
alent to a final disposition of the bill. Such a call
has a meaning, and it means*a final settlement of
the question.
Mr. HALE. If the'Senator will allow me I will
explain my motion. I moved to postpone the
further consideration of the bill until to-morrow,
and proceed to take up the private calendar; and,
on that motion, I called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. President, what I have to
say to the Senate is, (hat this is no new bill; that I
have been in favor of the principle of this bill, and
in favor of the application of that principle both in
mass to the widows of American officers, and in
detail; that 1 have often expressed myself to that •
effect upon this floor; that I have called upon the
Senate a great many times to give me a reason-why
the widow of the naval officer should receive pen-
sions during life—for that is the effect of our laws
—and the widow of the land officer receive nothing.
In the beginning there was some reassn for the
difference; in the beginning there was^si naval pen-
sion fund made up out of prize captures, from which
widows of naval officers received their pensions.
But we all know that that fund was exhausted
many years ago,*Sind the widows of naval oflicers
were put upon the treasury from five years to five
years. They were first put upon the treasury for
five yeais, and at the end of the first five years they
were put on for five years more, as a matter of
course. I do not know whether it has gone to
three terms of five years or not; but whether or not
it has gone to three terms of five years, you might
just as well consider that it has, for it will be sure
to be renewed from time to time.
Now, sir, I come back to the point. I say life
is life, and-the land officer who dies is just as much
entitled to have provision made for the support of
his family as has the naval officer. I admit there
was some difference while we had a naval pension
fund, out of which they got their pensions; but for
a dozen years at least we have had no such fund,
and the widows of naval officers now receive their
pensions out of the treasury. And, Mr. President,
if it should happen that the youngest officer in the
navy was to marry to-day and die to-morrow, and
never see service, his widow takes a pension, while
the oldest land officer, who has worn out his whole
life in the service of his country, leaving a widow
and children, and perhaps grandchildren, when he
dies their bread is stopped as the breath goes out
of his body. Sir, there is no reason or foundation
for this difference; and I have voted in detail, and
in the gross, for putting the widows of land officers
on the same footing with the widows of naval
officers. I shall continue to stand upon that prin-
ciple.
Mr. METCALFE. Mr. President, however
worthy of our serious and sober consideration the
