1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
543
it was not done now, it could not be, and would
not be done this session.
He moved that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole On the state of the Union
for that purpose.
The motion was rejected.
CALL OF THE PREVIOUS QUESTION.
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Rules, reported the following as an amendment
to the 26th rule, viz:
After the word "established," in the sijth line thereof,
insert "and if shall not be in order to move the previous
question on the same day when offered."
Mr. JENKINS moved to amend the amend-
ment by striking out all after the word "and,"
and inserting—
It shall be in order to move the previous question when
.offeu'd ; ;ind if sustained, the resolution shall he ovei to the
next day, when it shall have prefeienee over alj other bu?-i-
nes< ;ifte^ reading the Journal; and shall then be disposed
of by lefrrence or otherwise.
Mr. JENKINS said he was opposed to the pro-
posed rule. There was no way in which resolu-
tions could be acted upon without a two-thirds
vote, unless the previous question was moved and
. seconded when they were introduced. They all
knew that the difficulties of introducing resolutions
were sufficiently numerous now, without adding
any new ones to those which already existpd.
When a resolution was introduced, what would
be the course of pioceedure if this rule were
adopted? It would be immediately objected to,
when it must lie over under the rules, and could
not ever thereafter be brought up, unless two-
thirds of the House should come forward to sus-
tain it. -
Now, was it the design of this House—was it
the design of any gentleman of the House—that
every member should be excluded from introdu-
cing resolutions, unless there was a majority of
two-thirds to rise in favor of them? He insisted
that this was not the case-—that it would be the
object of the House to facilitate the means of ad-
dressing the House by resolutions, in order that
gentlemen might be enabled to bring to the action
of the House measures which were demanded by
their constituents, and by the public good. No
occasion could be found when there would not be
some one gentleman who would object to any res-
olution which might be proposed, and the very
moment the objection was made a majority of two-
thirds must be obtained, or the resolution could
never be brought up again. He asserted that this
rule of requiring for everything a two-thirds vote
was not serviceable to legislation; that they ought
to have a free opportunity to bring forward meas-
ures for the action of the House, when a majority
of the House were in favor of them.
The only substantial objection which had been
offered to the rule of the House as it was now in
force was, that when the previous question was
called immediately upon the introduction of reso-
lutions, gentlemen were compelled to vote without
understanding the subject on which they were
acting. His amendment obviated that objection,
by simply providing that when resolutions were
introduced, and the previous question was caljed
and sustained, the resolutions should lie over until
the next morning, in order to afford members an
opportunity to see what they contained, and to
vote intelligently upon them, at which time they
should be the first business in order.
And he averred that not a single member could
rise and make any objection, except that which he
(Mr. J.) had suggested, namely, that the House
was oftuu compelled to vote upon resolutions with-
out sufficient consideration and knowledge of their
contents. By allowing the resolutions to lie over
to the next day, if the previous question was
called, an opportunity was given to members to
examine them in "all Xheir parts, and see whether
they should be adopted or not; and by this means
they could vote intelligently. He submitted that
this rule in relation to a two-thirds vote did not
facilitate legislation. Sufficient time was taken up
every Monday in disposing of motions to suspend
the rules by two-thirds votes, on some propositions,
to enable the propositions themselves to be disposed
,, of. He declared, that for the last four years, as
much time had been consumed in motions to sus-
pend the "rules as- would have been required to
dispose of the subjects themselves. And he in-
sisted that the amendment he had proposed to the
amendment of the Committee on Rules should be
adopted.
Mr. l^rANS, of Maryland, briefly opposed the
amendment and the amendment to the amendment,
and moved that the whole subject be laid on the
table.
But Mr. E. withdrew the motion at the request
of—
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, and on his pledge of
renewal.
Mr. S. briefly explained, and vindicated the
amendment proposed by the Committee on Rules,
He had never (he said) seen an instance in which
the House had been forced to a vote on a resolu-
tion under the previous question where any bene-
ficial result had been answered. He believed that
the adoption of the amendment would obviate the
difficulty which every gentleman had experienced,
and that no injury could result from it.
In accordance with his promise, he renewed the
motion to lay the subject on the table.
And the question was taken thereon, and decided
in* the negative-—ayes 30, noes not counted.
So the subject was not laid on the table.
And the question recurring on the amendment—
Mr. ROOT spoke briefly in opposition to the
amendment proposed by the Committee on Rules.
He argued that the House never could be brought
to pass any proposition under the previous ques-
tion, unless a majority willed it. He therefore saw
no hardship in the case. He hoped that so long
as the House professed to act openly, and to vote
by yeas and nays, so that the country might see
what was done, and how they acted upon any
proposition, the power of a majority to vote upon
it would be retained. That right would be aban-
doned by the adoption of this proposition. •
Mr. VINTON rose (he said) to a privileged
question. For the purpose of bringing the House
to a vote on the bill ordered to be engrossed the
other day, (i. e. the bill to organize an Interior
Department,) he moved that the House proceed to
the consideration of the business on the Speaker's
table.
Mr. WENTWORTH called for the orders of
the day, (which was the business on the Speaker's
table.)
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
Vinton, and (by ayes 83, noes not counted) was
agreed to.
So the House proceeded to the consideration of
business on the Speaker's table.
When the resolution received this morning from
the Senate, (given above,) to appoint a joint com-
mittee of,the two Houses of Congress, to wait on
the President and Vice President elect and inform
them of their election to said offices, was read
and concurred in—
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, moved that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union; which motion was not
agreed to.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the bill to establish certain post loutes; when
it was
Ordered, That the said bill be laid on the (able.
STEAM PACKET COMPANY.
The House proceeded to the consideration of
the bill from the Senate, entitled " An act to incor-
porate the Washington, Alexandria, and George-
town Steam Packet Company.
The question pending being on the motion that
the said bill be laid upon the table, (made by Mr.
Jones, of Tennessee, on the 10th instant)—
It was put, and decided ill the negative—yeas
70, nays 106—as follows:
YEAS—Mfb-rs. Atkinson, B-uly, Beale,. Bingham, Bird-
sail Bowiin, Bo\d, Bridges, Brodhead, Wiiimni G. Brown,
Charles B.own, Callican, Bovcily L. Claike, Howell Cobb,
Williamson K. W. Cobb, Collins, Faran, Ficklm, Fiounioy,
Fieneli, Willard P. H.ili, Haiiinions, Haralson, llarinanson.
Harris, Henley, Hill, Gforge S. Houston, Iiisif, Jenkins,
James II. Johnson, Roboil W. Johnson, Geoige VV. Jones,
Kaufman, Lalim, La SCie, Sidney Lawrence, LelHer, Ligon,
Lumpkin, Lynde, Mac lay, MeC!eIlanif, McLiernaisd, Ale-
Kay, Meade, Miliei, Hoins, Morse, i'ec-k, Peine, Peyton,
pjjfclp* Reynolds, Richardson, Eiehey, KockMIl, Sawyer,
smart, Robert Smith, Stanton, Starkweather, Charles E.
Stuart, Thibodeaux, Robeit A. Thompson, Vtillable, W out-
worth, Wick, Wiley, and Wilmot—70.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ashmun, Barringer, Barrow,
Belcher, Blackmar, Blanehard, Bolts, Boyden, Brady, Al-
beit G. Biown, Burt, Butlei, Cabell, Cauby, Chapman,
Cocke, Collamer, Conger, Cranston, Urisfield, Crowell, Cro-
Gieelev, Gregory, Grmnell, Hale, Nathan K. Hall, J aims G.
Hampton, Mo>es Hampton, Hillwd, Kane R. Holmes,Lhas
B. Holmes, John W. Houston, Hubbard, ilud.^on, Hunt,
Joseph K. Ingersell, Ksliogg, Thomas Sutler King) Baniel
P. King, William T. Lawrence, Lincoln, Mcllvaine,. Mc-
Queen, Horace Mann, Marsh, 'Marvin, Morehead, Muliin,
Murphy, Nelson, Newell, Outlaw, Palfrey, Pendleton, Piis-
bury, Pollock, Preston, Putnam, Julius Rockwell, John A."
Rockwell, Roman, Root, Rumsey, St. John, Schenck, Siiep-
perd, SherriH, Silve&ter, Slingerland, Caleb B. Smith, Tru-
man Smith, Stephen^, Andrew Stewart, Strohm, Tallmadge,
Taylor, Richard W. Thompson, John B. Thompson, Tomp-
kins, Toombs, Van Dyke, Vinton, Wallace, Warren, White,
Wilson, and Woodward—106.
• The question recurred on the passage of tfre bill,
Mr. EDWARDS moved the previous question,
which was seconded, and, under the operation
thereof, the bit! was passed, and returned to the
Senate.
GENERAL NAVY REGISTER.
The joint resolution for the purchase of copies
of the General Navy Register, (which was, on the
16th of January last, ordered to be read a third
time,) was read the third time.
The question was stated on the passage of the
said resolution.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, moved the previous
question, which was seconded, and the main ques-
tion ordered.
Mr. ATKINSON moved that the joint resolu-
tion be laid upon the table.
And being put, it was decided in the' negative:
Ayes 69, noes 100.
So the House refused to lay the joint resolution
on the table.
The joint resolution was then passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved that the vote by which
the said resolution was passed be reconsidered,
and also that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table, which latter motion was agreed to.
Ordered, That the Clerk request the concurrence of the
Senate m the said resolution.
BOARD TO SETTLE CLAIMS.
The bill to provide for the settlement of claims
against the United States, (ordered on the 9l4 irrst.
to be read a third time,) was read the third time.
The question being upon the passage of the
bill-
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved the
previous question; which was seconded, and under
the operation thereof, the bill was rejected, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adams, A&hmun, Barringer,
Belcher, Birdsall, Blaelnnar, Blanc-hard, Buy den, Charles
Brown. Burt, Cabell, Cauby, Cathcart, Chapman, CJapp,
Franklin Clark, Collamer, Congei, Cranston, Lrisfield, Dix-
on, Garnett Duncan, Dunn, Edwards, Embree, Alexander
Evans, Nathan Evans, Farrelly,Fisher, Fulton, Gayle, Gott,
Gieelty, Gregory, Gunnel!, Hale, Harris, Henley, Henry,
Elias B. Hnlmts, John VV. Houston, Hunt, Charles J. Jnger-
soll, Robert VV. Johnson, Thomas B. King, Daniel P. King,
WjlhainT. Lawrence, Lincoln, Lord, Lynde, Melivame,
McQueen, Horace Mann, Marsh, Marvin, Meade,Morehead,
Mor e, Mui'phy, Nicoll, Palfrey, Pctrie, Reynolds, Juhus
Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Roman, Rumsey, St. John,
Schenck, Sherrill, Shngterland, Caieb^B. Smith, Truman
Smith,Tallmadge, Taylor, Thibodeaux,"Ricbaid W. Thomp-
son, Thursion, Tompkins, Vmton, Wentworth, White, Wil-
liams, and'Woodward—85.
NAYS—Messrs. Atkinson, Barrow, Bayly, Beale, Bing-
ham, Bocock, Bowhn, Boyd, Brady, Bridges, Brodhead,
Butler, Beverly L. Clarke, Howell Cobo, Williamson R.
W. Cobb, Cocke, Collins, Crozier, Cummins, D-xrling, Dick-
ey, Dounel), Eckert, Eftsall, Faran, Featherston, Ficklui,
Fiounioy, French, Flies', Goggm, YViliatd P. Hall. Nathan
K. Hall," Hammons, James G. Hampton, Moses Hampton,
liaialson, Hill, Hilhard, George S. Houston, Hubhard, Hud-
son, Inge, Joseph R. Ingeraoll, Everson, Jenkins?, Geoigc W.
Jones, John VV. Jones, Kaufman, Lahm, Leiiler, Lumpkin,
McClelland, McClernand, McKay, Job Mann, Miller, Mor-
ns, Mulliri, Ndaon, Newell, Outlaw, Pea>lee, Peck, Pendle-
ton, i'ettit, Peyton, Phelps, Pil-hury, Pollock, Preston, Put-
nam, Rhett, Riehaidson, Rockhill, Root, Sawyer, Sheppeid,
Silvester, Smait, Stanton, Starkweathci, Stephen*!, Andrew
Stewait, Chailes E. Stuart, Stiohm, Junius Thompson, John
B. Thompson, Robert A. Thompson, William Thompson,
Toombs, Van Dyk<*, Venable, Wallace, Warren, Wick,
Wiley, and Wilson—9b.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, moved that the vote
by which the bill was rejected be reconsidered, and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table, which latter motion was agreed to.
HOME DEPARTMENT.
The bill to establish the Department of the Inte-
rior, and for other purposes, (ordered on the i2th
instant to be read a third time,) was read a third
time.
And the question being on the passage of the
bill-
Mr. VINTON moved the previous question;
which was seconded,and under the operation theie-
of, the bill was passed by yeas 112, nays 78, aa
follows:
yeas Messrs. Abbott, Adam®. Ashman, Batringir Bor-
row, Belcher, Blacknmi, Blaneiniid, Botts, Bojdui, Br.idy,
Albert G. Brown, Butler, Canby, Chapman, Oiapp, Cocke,
(foHamwr, Conger, Giamston, Grifefteld, Crow*U, Croxier,
