544
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 16.
Dickey, Dixon, Garnett Duncan, Dunn, Eckert, Edwards,
Embrce, Alexander Evans-, Nathan Evans, Farrelly. Fisher,
Flournoy, Freedley. Fulton, Gaylc,Ciddings, Gott, Greeley,
Gregory, Grmoell, Hale, Nathan K. Hall, James G. Hamp-
ton, Moses Hampton, Harmanson, Haskell, Henry, Hilliard,
Elias B. Holmes, J. W. Houston, Hubbard, Hudson, Hunt,
Charles J. Ingersoll, John W. Jones, Kellogg, Thomas B.
King, Daniel B. King, La Sere, William T. Lawrence, Lin-
coln, Maclay, McUvaine, Horace Mann, Marsh, jtfarvin,
Morehead, Mnllin, Murphy, Nelson, Newell, Nicoli, Out
Jaw, Palfrey, Pendleton, Petrte, Pollock, Preston* Putnam,
Reynolds, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Roman,
Root, Rumsey, St. John, Schenck, Sherrill, Silvester, Slin-.«
gerland, Caleb B. Smith, Truman Smith, Stanton, Stephens,
Andrew Stewart, Strohm, Tallmadge, Taylor, Thibod'eant,
Richard W. Thompson, Robert A. Thompson, Thurston,
Tompkins, Toombs., Van Dvke, Vinton, Warren, White,
and Wilson—112.
NAYS—Messrs. Atkinson, Bayly, Beale, Bingham, Bird-
sail, Bocock, Bowhn, Boyd, Biidges, Suit, Cathcarf, Chase,
Franklin Clark, Beverly L. Clarke, Howell Cobb, William-
son R. W. Cobb, Colhns, Cummins, Darling, Donnell, Ed-
sail, Faran, Featherston, Ficklut, French, Fries, Goggin,
Willard P. flail, Hmnmons, Haralson, Harris, Henley, Hill,
George S. Houston, Inge, I ver^on, Jenkins., Robert W. John-
son, George W.Jones, Kaufman, Lahm, Sidney Lawrence,
LeflW, Ligon, Lumpkin, Lynde, McClelland, McClernand,
McKay, McQ,ucen, Job Mann, Miller, Morris, Peaslee,
PetMt, Peyton, Phelps, Pilsbury,Rhctt, Richardson, Richey,
Robinson, Rorkhill, Sawyer. Shepperd, Smart, Starkweath-
er,- Chas. E. Stuart, J:imes Thompson, John B. Thompson,
William Thompson, Wallace, Wentvvorth, Wick, Wiley,
Williams, Wiim^t, and Woodward—78.
Mr. VINTON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the said bill was passed ,/ind also moved that
that motion be laid on the table; which latter mo-
tion was agreed to.
Mr. PALFREY moved to amend the title of the
bill by stuking out the words " Departmentof the
Interior/1 and inserting in lieu thereof "Home
Department."
Mr. VINTON moved to amend the title of the
bill by striking out the words " and for other pur-
poses," and insert " to provide for the Treasury De-
partment an Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, and
a Commissioner of the Customs;" which amendment
was agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment moved
by Mr. Palfrey, and being put, it was agreed to.
So the bill now reads—
" An act to estabiish the Home Department,
and to provide for the Treasury Department an
Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, and a Com-
missioner of the Customs."
' And then, at a quarter past three o'clock, the
House adjourned.
that will effectually check or suppress the prqg^ict of such
machines of American invention as are not patented in the
provinces.
By Mr.^ENTWORTH : The petition of Richard Stad-
den, of La Salle county, Illinois, for additional compensa-
tion to tfie volunteers in the late Mexican war.
PETITIONS.
The following petitions were presented under the rule,
and referred:
By Mr. GIDDINGS : The following petitions of ladjes,
praying Congress to abolish slavery m all places where they
possess constitutional power to do so, and to Ijmd the pro-
tection of law to fifteen hundred thousand females who are
now subjected to the lawless passions of baibarous owners:
Ann W. Williams and 71 oilier ladies of America; M. H.
M.ihan and 1«0 other ladies of Ohio • Lydia Ann Mills and
47 other l.tdios of Pennsylvania; Hairief S. Pusey and 211
other ladies of Eiyria, Ohio; Eleanor Dicky and 73 other
ladies of America; Mary Canfield and 87 other ladies of
Milford, Connecticut; E. E. A. Staunton and 121 other la-
dies of America; Lucy H. Spollman and U1 other ladies
of Akron, Oitio; Elizabeth Perkins and 113 other ladies of
Lorain county, Ohio; Laura M. Case and 81 other ladies of
Ashtabula county, Ohio; Mar} Conriell and 37 other ladies
of the United States; E. R. H. Parker and 52 other ladies
of Dupage county, Illinois; Alice Coleman and 376 other
ladies of Illinois; iihoda W. Barbour and 81 other ladies of
Illinois; Abnier Noble and51 other ladies of Cattaraugus,
Ohio; Comfort Sprague and 90 other ladies of Townsend,
Maine.
By Mr. TAYLOR: The petition of Jacob S. Atwood and
69 others, citizens of Ross county, ia the State of Ohio,
praying for cheap postage.
By Mr.CONGER: The petition of 33 citizens of Cayuga
county, New Yoik, asking &uch alteration of the patent laws
as shall bettci secure, the rights and interests ot inventors.
By Mr. WARREN: The petition of 23 citizens of Glen-
ham, Dutchess county, New York, for cheap postage.
By Mr. SiBLE\ : The petition of'Scott Campbell, pray-
ing that Congittv* would restore to him a certain annuity
and grant of land from the Sioux Indians hv treaty of 1847
which were stricken out by the Senate on ratification of
ihH tic.it>.
By Mr. PEYTO-V: The petition of Jared Tichenor and !
other*, of Ohio county, Kentucky, to abolish the franking !
priviiPse, and m favor of cheap postage. I
By Mr. KAUFMAN; Two petitions of citizens of Ru^k !
and Smith couutie-, praying lor the establishment of a post I
route from Walling'* Feiry via Belleweu, Dr. William C. j
Lee's, and Walter's, to Tyler county, site of Smith, in the i
.State ofTfxis. I
By Mr. LYNDE: Sundry petitions from citizens of Roe k !
and Walworth counties, Wisconsin, for the establishment
of a po^t route from Geneva,in Walworth county, to Beloit,
in Rock county.
By Mr. HOLMES, of New York: The petition of H. N.
Curtis and 150 oilier citizens of Monroe counfv, New York,
complaining of the free twe of valuable lab« r-&a\uig ma-
chines m the adjoining provinces, which have been patented
in the United States; and praying for the passage of a law
IN SENATE.
* Friday, February 16,1849.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Secretary of the Navy,
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate, of
the 8th instant, containing copies of despatches re-*
lating to the naval and military operations in Cali-
fornia; which was laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BREESE presented a petition from citizens
of Westchester county, Illinois, praying for the
establishment of military convoys to California;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. DOUGLAS presented a memorial from
some hundred citizens of Illinois, praying for the
establishment of a marine hospital at Rock Island,
in the Mississippi river, and for the sale of the pub-
lic lands on the island, and their appropriation to
that object;, which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. DOUGLAS presented two memorials from
citizens of Illinois of similar import; which was
referred to the Committee on Military AfTaiis.
Mr. MILLER presented a petition from citizens
of New Jersey, praying for the abolition of slavery
and the slave trade in the District of Columbia, the
question of reception of which was raised, and the
motion was laid on the table.
Mr. NILES presented a petition signed by some
thousand citizens of New York, praying for a re-
duction of the rates of postage, &c.; which was
laid on the table.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, presented acom-
munication from the American Acallemy of Arts
and Sciences, at Boston, in relation to the coast
survey; which was laid on the table.
Mr. ATCHISON presented a memorial from
the Legislature of the State of Missouri, asking
that the inundated lands in the southeast portion of
that State, and the northwest portion of Arkansas,
be ceded to the State of Missouri, on condition that
they be reclaimed by that State; which was laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia, presented a me-
morial from J. N. Rogers, praying for an investi-
gation of the wrongs some of the Cherokees have
suffered from others, through the agency of the
United States.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, the memorial was
referred to a select committee, to consist of five
Senators, and to be appointed by the Cliais.
And Messrs, Johnson* ofGeorgia, Bell, Breese,
Phelps, and Atchison were appointed the com-
mittee.
• On motion of Mr. HUNTER, leave was given
to the executor to withdraw the papers in the case
of George Evans, deceased, fiom the files of the
Senate.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. BALDWIN, from the Committee on Claims,
made an adverse report on the petition of Joseph
M. Farrow for a pension; and the report was or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of Guier& McLaughlin;
which was read, and ordered to a second reading
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill; which was iead, and or-
dered to a 'second reading; and the report was
ordered to be printed.
BILL ON LEAVE.
Mr. WALKER asked and obtained leave to in-
troduce a bill making an appropriation in money
for the improvement of the harbor of Port WaSi-
ington, on Lake Michigan; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
BURIAL GROUND FOR SOLDIERS.
Mr. UNDERWOOD asked and obtained leave
to introduce a joint resolution; which was read a
first time, as follows:
Resolced, <§'c., That the President be requested, by nego-
tiation with the Government of Mexico, to secure a suitable
burying-ground in the vicinity of the cities of Mexico, in
which those citizens of the United States who have hereto-
fore died, or may hereafter die in Mexico, may be perma-
nently interred. ,
Resolved, .That the President be, and he is hereby, antho- |
rized to use, out of any money in the treasury not otherwise I
appropriated, the sum of ten thousand dollais in purchasing 'A
and improving any ground which may becVded or conveyed
to the Government of the United States for the purpose men- -
tioned in the preceding resolution.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. FELCH submitted the followingresolution
which was considered and agreed to: '
Resolved, Tfoat the Committee on Indian Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of increasing the
amount appropriated annually for the civilization of Indians
byxin act of Congress approved 3d March, 1819, to $50,000!
instead ot $10,00U,as provided by said act.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolutions,
which lies over under the rule:
Resolved, That on Thuisday next, when the Senate take
up the calendar of piivate^ bills, those bills to the parage of
which no objection shall then be made, shall be first con-
sidered and disposed of."
PRINTING A DOCUMENT. "
Mr. ATCHISON called the attention of the
Senate to an order made some days since, to print
a communication from the Secretary of War, rela-
tive to the Cherokee Indians.. He now moved to
modify that order so as to exclude a portion of
that communication, which had already been print-
ed in a pamphlet of three hundred pages.
The motion was agreed to.
A bill from the House for the relief of the heirs
of Francis Vigo was read a first and second* time,
and referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. DOWNS moved to postpone the prior or-
ders, and to take up the following order moved by
him some days since:
Ordered, That.after the present week, the daily hour of
meeting shall be eleven o'clock.
Mr. DOWNS asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
After some remarks from Mr. BRADBURY
and Mr. DOWNS, the question was taken, and
decided as follows:
' YEAS—Messrs. Atherton, Bell, Breese, Clarke, Davis of
Massachusetts, Dodge oflowa, Douglas, Downs, Felch, Fitz-
gerald, Fitzpatnck, Foote, Greene, Hannegan, Houston,
Johnson of Louisiana, Jones, Kmc, Metcalfe, Niles, Rusk,
Sebastian, Spruance, Sturgeon, Underwood, Walker, and
Westcott—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Alfen, Atchison, Badger, Baldwin, Ber-
rien,' Borland, Bradbury, Bright, Butler, Calhoun, Corwin,
Davi3ofMississippi,Dickmson,riale,H.imhn,IIunter,-John-
son of Georgia, Mangum, Mason, Miller, Phelps, Tumey,
Upbam, and Yulee—24. ^
Mr. BADGER moved to amend the order, by
striking out the word "present," and inserting in
lieu thereof the word " next/'so as to read " after
the next week."
After some discussion, in which Mr. BADGER,
Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana, Mr. BERRIEN,
Mr. DOUGLAS, Mr. DOWNS, and Mr. NILES
took part, the amendment was agreed to—ayes 25,
noes 23.
Mr. HALE moved to lay the -resolution and
amendment on the table; which was decided in the
negative-—ayes 20, noes 24.
Mr. FOOTE moved to amend the order by
strikingout the word "after" and the word" week,"
and making it read " after Monday next."
Mr. BADGER moved to amend the amendment,
by inserting after the word " Monday'* the word
"week."
Mr. DICKINSON moved to lay the order on
the table.
Mr. FOOTE asked for the yeas and nays on
this motion, and they were ordered.
The question was then taken, and decided as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Badger, Baldwin, Ber-
rien, Boiland, Bright, Butier, Calhoun, Cameron, Corwin,^
Dayton, Dickinson, Hale, IJamlin, Hunter, Johnson of
Georgia, Mangum, Mason, Metcalfe, Miller, Pearce,JPhelps,
Turney, Upham, and Walker—26. *
NAYS—Messrs. Atherton, Bell, Bradbury, Breese, Clarke,
Davis of Mdssachu>erts, Davis of Mississippi, Dix, Dodge
of Iowa, Douglas, Downs, Felch, Fitzgerald. Fitzpatiick,
Foote, Greene, Houston, Johnson ofLouisiaria, Jones, King,
Niles. Rusk, Sebastian, Spruance, Sturgeon, Underwood,
and We&tcott—27.
So the motion was rejected.*
Mr. HALE made a question of order, contend-
ing that it was not competent, for any Senator to
move to strike out word's which the Senate had
just decided to insert.
The CHAIR decided that the amendment of the
Senator from Mississippi did not strike out any
