THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES,
30th Cong-ress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1849.
New Series No. 35.
words which the Senate had inserted, and that it
was in order.
Mr. WALKER and Mr. DOUGLAS then con-
tended that the amendment of the Senator from
North Carolina to the amendment of the Senator
from Mississippi was out of order.
The CHAIR decided that it was out of order.
Mr. DAYTON moved to strike out the word
"Monday," and insert the word " Saturday."
Mr. HALE moved to lay the whole subject on
the table, and asked for the yeas and nays; which
were not "ordered.
.The question was then taken, and decided in the
affirmative: Ayes 26, noes 21.
So the order was laid on the table.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
On motion of Mr. ATHERTON, the Senate
postponed the prior orders, and proceeded to the
consideration of the hill making appropriations for
the civil and diplomatic expenditures of the United
States for the year ending 30th June, 1850.
The bill being under consideration as in Com-
mittee of the Whole—
Mr. BELL offered the following amendment, as
an addition to the item providing compensation for
the officers and clerks of both Houses of Con-
For additions! compensation to the messenger in the
Clerk's office of the Hou^e of Representatives, under tlie act
appioved September 11,1841, including arrearages from the
1st of July, 18-17, $547 50.
In offering this amendment, Mr. B. said, I will
explain to the Senate that thus additional compen-
sation is made under the act of 1841* which pro-
vides that the messenger of^the Clerk of the House
of Representatives shall receive the^same compen-
sation that any other permanent messenger of
eithe,r House of Congress receives. At that time
the compensation was $1,095 per annum, but by a
resolution of the House passed in 1842, or some
subsequent date, it was resoived that no messen-
ger employed by the House of Representatives,
whether employed by the Clerk, Doorkeeper, Ser-
geant-at-arms, Postmaster, or any other officer,
shall receive compensation at a higher rate than
$2 50 per diem. The compensation at the time
the act of 1841, to which I have alluded, was"
passed, was at the rate. of $3 per diem. Now,
there are two very worthy persons who have been
employed as messengers in the office of the Clerk
of the House of Representatives since July, 1847,
who have received only §2 50 per diem, the esti-
mates having been based upon the resolution of
the House passed in 1842, and not in conformity
with the act of Congress which settled the compen-
sation of the messengers employed in the office of
> the Clerk of the House of Representatives at the
same rate as that of the messenger employed in
the office of the Secretary of the Senate.
The estimates, since the time of the passage of
the resolution by the House, seem to have been
based upon the assumption that the resolution of
the House repealed the act of Congress. Now,
sir, I presume that gentlemen will readily perceive,
by-looking at that resolution, that it was intended
to regulate the pay of a great number of messen-
gers employed by the House, and not the regular
messenger employed in the Clerk's office, whose
salary was fixed by the act of 1841. That mes-
- senger is, by law, made as permanent an officer,
though in an inferior situation, as the Clerk of the
House or the Secretary of the Senate. There is
matter enough for the resolution 6f the House of
Representatives passed in 1842 to act upon, with-
out being supposed to be intended to repeal the act
of Congress.
I will show, if it be desired, that*up to a late
day the estimates and appropriations have been
made in accordance with the act of 1841, stipula-
ting that this officer should have this permanent
and fixed salary; that is, that he should have the
same salary as.the messenger of the Secretary of
the Senate.
I find by the estimates sent in from the depart-
ment in the year 1842, in conformity with the act ;
of 1841, that the compensation of the messenger of
the Clerk of th« House of Representatives is pro-
35
vided for specifically. 4t is not left to be paid out
of thfe contingent fund, as the numerous other
messengers, pages, and assistants in the House of
"Representatives are paid, and as the same class of
ofricers in the Senate are paid. In that year the
estimate of the Treasurer was for clerks in the officc
of the Clerk of the House of Representatives,
$>16,000. For messenger in the office of the Clerk
of the House of Representatives, $1,095. That
was in conformity with the law as it then stood.
At the present session we iind that the pay of
the messenger in that office is only estimated at
§912 50.
Now, the simple question is, (and 1 think it one
which a judicial tribunal would find no difficulty
in deciding,) whether the resolution of the House
could repeal the act of Congress? The act of 1841
placed the messenger in the office of the Clerk of
the House of Representatives in the same rank,
as to salary, with the messenger in the office of the
Secretary of the Senate. Th^ salary of each of
these messengers, at that time, was $1,095 per
annum. By a separate resolution of the House,
passed in 1842, the year following, the salaries of
their messengers weie reduced to ^2 50 per diem:
but there area number of other messengers beside
this employed if! the House, and the question is,
did not that resolution apply to them, and not to
the messenger of the Cleik of the House? But
whether it did so apply or not, did that resolution
repeal the act of Congress? That is the question
for us to decide. If it did, then this amendment
ought not to be adopted; but if it did not, then the
amendment should be adopted. This additional
compensation has been accruing since 1847, and T
have therefore increased the sum five hundred ami
odd dollars.
Mr. ATHERTON. Mr. President, I under-
stand the object of this amendment is to give to
certain messengers in the office of the Clerk of the
House of Representatives an additional sum—that
is, arrears for three years of pay supposed to be
due to them; and this supposition is founded on
some law supposed to give them a larger compen-
sation than that fixed by a resolution ofthe House
of Representatives under which these officers are
elected, and under wjaich they have been paid up to
this time. Now, 1 suppose, sir, that these officers
were elected expecting the salaries which they
have received, and that the House employed these
officers expecting that they would be paid these
salaries. I have no doubt that the law, if there was
a law fixing the salaries of these officers, would
operate as a limitation, and that the House would
not be authorized by resolution to increase the
salaries of these officers beyond the law. But if
the House chose to elect an officer under a resolu-
tion, and fix his compensation, thus making a con-
tract with an officer or messenger, i see no diffi-
culty. But I do not see why these persons should :
be paid an amount they did not expect when they ,i
made the contract, and which the House did not jj
expect to pay them. And, certainly,! think if the jj
Clerk had expected to make this additional com- j'
pensation, he would Lave made an estimate for it. '
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. KING offered the following amendment: ;
Add after the word " Government'5 the words j
" and for other purposes," in the item " For clerks ;
in the office of the Surveyor General, to be appor- |
tioned to them according to the exigencies of the !
public service, and if necessary, to be employed in i
transcribing field notes of surveys, for the purpose i
of preserving them at the seat of Government, •
$22,500." 1
The amendment was agreed to. ;
Mr. BELL offered the following amendment: ,
To pay watchmen employed in and about the Executive j
offices, from the 1st da\ oi Januaiy, 16^7,to the end ot the
second se«s on of the 24th Congress, the same increase or' !
compensation as was provided for the messengers am! assist- ;
ant messengers employed m said offices hy the third section :
of the act making appropriations lor the cud and diplomatic j
expenses of the Government for the year 1S37, the sum ot i
$•3,ICO. {
In explanation, Mr. B. said: I hope I shall be I
able to get the assent of the Senate to this amend- j
ment. The proposition to pay this extra compen- 1
sation to the watchmen employed about the Exec-
utive buildings is founded upon the third section
of the act making appropriation for the civil and
diplomatic exoenses of the Government for the
year 1837. That section is in these words:
lc Jlnd be it farther cuade;1. That the clerks ofthe Depart-
ments of State, Treasury, Navy, and War, aird oi the two
Houses of Congress, and of the Jjibiarinnof Congress-, whose
salaries are less than two thousand dollars per annum, shall
receive,in addition thereto, the fo'lowmginerca^ooJ aunua!
compensation from Hie first day of January last to tbfe end of
the next session of Congress; that is to say, that said clerks,
whose annual salary doep not <j..\eeed one thousand dollars,
an addition of twenty per cent, thereto ; such of said clerks
who^e annual salary*exceeds one thousand dollars shall re-
ceive an addition thereto of ten per cent.5' " An addition of
twenty p«r cent, is allowed to the messengers and assistant
me=;<en£eis employed in the respective Executive offices,
arid in the Library of Congress.55
It was my fortune to be a member of Congress
at that time, and I mey say that I am personally
acquainted with the fact that the watchmen em-
ployed about these buildings have complained, not
annually, but periodical!}7, at different periods .since
the passage of that act, that they were not included
in it. I have a memorial before me uhich was
presented to the Senate many years ago by these
watchmen, and which I found on the files of the
Senate. This memorial was thought to be too
inconsiderable to attract the attention of members
of Congress, or of any committee, and it has neen
lying unheeded from that time to this, but I have
thought the claims of these persons worthy of at-
tention. We thought the claims of the clerks
employed in the«*e various offices, at that time,
worthy of such attention as to jnduoc Congress to
add twenty per cent, to the salaries of those clerks
whose annual salaries were Jess thnn a thousand
dollars, and to add ten per cent, to the salaries of
those whose, annual compensation was over one
thousand and less than two thousand dollars.
That law provides that twenty per cent, in addi-
tion to their standing salaries, for a limited period
of time, should be allowed to the messengers and
assistant messengers, subordinate to the clerks,
employed in and about the various departments.
When I came to inquire why these watchmen
were not included in the benefits of that act, I was
answered, that their being omitted was entirely
owing to a mistake; that there was no intention on
the part of the gentleman v.'ho brought the bill
forward in the other branch of Congress-~a gen-
tleman distinguished for his adherence to principles
of economy in -all appropriations of the puohc
money—to exclude these watchmen from a par-
ticipation in its benefits. Yet, notwithstanding the
mistake was made, the7parties have not been able
subsequently to get the attention of Congress upon*
this matter, which they consider a great grievance.
Now, sir, let me state, on behalf of-these persons,
that their service is burdensome and onerous to a
decree beyond that of most officers of the Govern-
ment, so far as personal attention is required. The
principal part of the service they perform is during
the m<rht. The very nature of the office v/hicn
they fill requires and ptesupposes that they be per-
sons of great probity, fidelity, soberness, and vigi-
lance. The public buildings and the public property
could not be intrusted to any other class of men.
They have been in the service many years. Most
of those who weie in the service at the time the
appropriation to which I have referred was made,
are still in the servicc,and they are men of approved
fidelity and vigilance. Sir, notwithstanding the
arduous nature of their.duties—notwithstanding
that fidelity and vigilance are requisite in the char-
acter of persons to whose trust the safety of the
public property and the public buildings is confided
—notwithstanding all this, then salaries have never
exceeded three bundled and fifty dollars per annum,
a small salary for any grade oi* officials employed
by this Government, at least in the city of Wash-
ington. I suppose thai it is the very smallest
salary paid by "Government; and yet these watch-
men should be worthy, faithful, and vigilant men,
such men as should command a respectable letnu-
neration for their services. And they have .eit it
a grievance, that notwithstanding the arduous na-
ture of their duties, and their character for fidelity
and vigilance, most or all of them are left in a con-
