1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
547
But, sir, representing, in connection with my col-
league, a people who pay over three millions of
dollars taxes to this Government, I feei, even in
these matters, small as they appear to be, that it
is our duty to be a little more attentive^when these
claims are advanced upon the public treasury. I
musfask for the yeas and nays, for 1 want to see
the votes recorded on this question.
Mr. MILLER. I wish to state, very briefly,
the ground upon which the Corporation asks for
this appropriation. The canal, running along the
margin of the public grounds, and not having been
very profitable heretofore, and the expense neces- j
sary to keep it in repair being considerable, is the '
reason, I suppose, why it has been permitted to go j
to ruin. In the opinion of all persons living in the <
neighborhood of the canal, it is highly injurious
in its present condition to the health of the city, j
And owing to the completion of the Chesapeake '
and Ohio canal, the Corporation think it would be i
a matter of importance to open and improve this j
canal; for they believe that the transportation upon t
it will be increased by the transportation upon the j
Chesapeake and Ohio canal. !
According to the explanations given before the I
committee, it is ascertained that it will cost forty |
or fifty thousand dollars to repair the canal so as |
to m^ke it serviceable. It is necessary so to ar- 1
range it that the water may flow from one branch
of the Potomac to the other at all times, so as to :
remove all stagnant water, and thus prevent one '
of the ill effects arising from the present condition 1
of the canal. But the Corporation, as they repre- \
sent, and I believe it to be so, are not able, from4j
the taxes that.are levied upon the citizens of the }
city and county, to raise a sufficient sum to com- I
plete the work; they therefore ask that Congress i
will appropriate a sum equal to that which the '
Corporation will provide, for the purpose of putting i
the canal in a proper condition. It will be recol- i
lected also that the canal passes in front of the !
public ground where we are now directing the ;
Smithsonian bu siding to be erected; and it is in con- !
templation undoubtedly to improve those grounds, j
and this cannot he done to any advantage so long i
as this state of things continues. In order to im-
prove the grounds properly, it will be necessary ]
to clear out or fill up the canal. I think, therefore, ;
the application is a reasonable one—the Govern- :
- ment being, in the first place, interested in having 1
the public grounds improved, and all being inter-
ested in improving the health of the city—and that j
we ought to gram the twenty thousand dollars for !
the purpose of completing this useful work. :
jVir, MANGrUM. It is very rarely, sir, that I
open my lips upon any question regarding appro-
priations of this sort—very rarely; but I am so
strongly impressed with the propriety of making '
this allowance to the city, of granting the money
which is asked for, that I cannot refrain from say- j
ttg a few words in relation to the subject. i
This canal, in its present condition, is not only !
an absolute nuisance to the city, and injurious to -|
the health of those who live in its vicinity, but it [j
is the depository of all the offal of the city. It ij
mars the beauty of the city, as seen from the public i!
grounds,-and a& seen from the Capitol, and at any
time within the last ten years I would not only \\
have voted for this amendment, bit for double the ij
sum, for the purpose of removing the nuisance. It ||
is offensive to the eye and injurious to the health 'i
of those who live near it. I understand that the !
tcity authorities have made an appropriation of ,1
pwenty thousand dollars to be applied to the pui- ]
ose of making this improvement; and we have had !
various means of knowing the extent of the re- j
Sources of the city; that the Corporation is strait- !
encd in pecuniary matters; but an additional appro- j;
pnation on the part of Congress equal to that made ;
by the Corporation, I understand, according to the ■
estimates in this case,will be sufficient to complete
the work so as to have always four feet of water ;
in the canal, and all those nuisances that are thrown i
into the canal will at once be carried off. Besides, j
it will he recollected that the canal for about one- j
half its extent passes through the public grounds, ,
and, as the Senator fiom New Jersey remarked, it jj
is undoubtedly in the contemplation of Congress at ;j
some day to place them in a different condition
from that in which they now are. This work, in- j;
dependently of its actual benefit to the health of the ; j
city, is of importance as improving the appearance ;
of the city. i,
Again: the Chesapeake and Ohio canal, which li
penetrates to the coal regions, will, at some early
period, be in full operation; and I understand the
coal is equal to that whicfi is obtained in any part
of the United States; and it is known to every gen-
tleman that the boats laden with coal, when they
arrive at Georgetown, cannot reach the neighbor-
nection existing between the object for which the
appropriation was asked and our Federal system;
but is there anything here of tBat kind? . I do not
know of any ground upon which I should be just-
ified in voting to appropriate money derived from
taxes paid by the people of Ohio, or any other
hood of the Navy Yard, for they cannot navigate |J State, to such a purpose as this. Each State in
flmnnrf Pntr>* Thp Varrl will ! TT n 1 Art h tA ma  .    i'
around Greenleaf's Point. The Navy Yard will
undoubtedly require much of this coal, and this
bill provides that all transportation which the Gov-
ernment requires through this canal shaU*be free;
and as a mere quid pro quo, ail other considerations
thrown out of view, the Government, in my opin-
ion, would make a good bargain, by granting the
amount that is asked for, in consideration of the
benefit of free transportation.
Sir, has any Senator looked out from the west
front of the Capitol, from the balcony of the Li-
brary, upon that beautiful sheet of water, the Po-
tomac, and upon the public grounds, which at some
future day must be ornamented? If so, he must
have seen those banks of mud which have been
day by day disclosing themselves along this canal,
ana which are absolutely offensive to every man of
taste, and an actual nuisance to that portion of the
city contiguous to it, and more or less so to the
more distant portions of the city. -But, without
going into these considerations, throwing ihem ail
out of view, I will still vote for'this appropriation.
This is the capital of thex United States, and I hope
it will be the capital perpetually. Is there a man
in the country who does not desire to see the cap-
ital beautified, to see the public grounds of this
this Union has to make its own improvements;
and how does this question differ from a proposi-
tion to construct a work of internal improvement?
No matter how desirable or useful it may be, this
Government has nothing to do with it? But lean
see no utility that can accrue to the Government
from this work. None whatever. I am utterly
opposed to it.
Mr. PEARCE. It seems to me that there are
reasons which make it very proper that this Gov-
ernment should make the ^appropriation for what
the Senator is pleased to call a local purpose. It
must be recollected that this Federal city is the
offspring of this Government. When the city
was founded, the Government received five thou-
sand acres of the land for public use. That was
not all. They received money; they received boun-
j ties from Virginia and Maryland; and the Govern-
ment has now an immense arnoiwt of public prop-
erty here. The property of the Government in
this District is estimated to amount to the value of
upwards of seven millions of dollars. The Gov-
ernment is a great proprietor, and they do not pay
one dollar of taxes. They do not contribute in
that way to the support of the city, which is the
M creation of their will. They contribute nothing m
city ornamented, to see the spirit of improvement 'j that way to the expenses of the city. The taxes
advancing? I do hope, sir, that the honorable j paid by the citizens have made almost ail of the
Senator from Ohio will display his usual kindness
of disposition on this occasion, and withdraw his |
opposition. It is beyond the present means of j
the city to execute this work; and it is a work that i
is more exigent, perhaps, at this time than it has :
been at any former period—at all events, for the j
last six or seven years. If that dreadful disease :
which is now the scourge of some portions of this '
country should reach this place, does not every ■{ large income. The State of Maryland has invested
one perceive how important would be the removal | about seven millions of dollars m that work, and
of that which is so fruitful a source of disease in >1 she has recently authorized the expenditure of an
| itself? I have lived for the last six or seven years ; additional sum, with a view to the completion of
| on Missouri avenue, which would be the most the work; and this Government, as a stockholder,
; pleasant place in the city, for many reasons, if this will of course receive a portion of the dividends.
! nuisance were removed, and the public grounds j This Government, as a great proprietor within this
improvements that have been made. If the Gov-
ernment were taxed upon the property they hold
as private individuals are taxed, they would pay
something like sixty thousand dollars in the shape
of taxes. This Government owns stock also in the
Chesapeake and Ohio canal—stock which is value-
less now, it is true, but at some future time, when
the canal comes into full operation, will yield
ornamented, as, before many years, the taste of
the people of this country, I am sure, will dictate.
I hope that the amendment will prevail.
Mr. NILES. My honorable friend from North
Carolina advocates the appropriation in this case,
which is a parallel case to one that had before
us a few days ago, on the ground that this improve-
ment ought to be made as a matter of taste. It
.occurred to mc, that m reference to the present
condition of this canal, it was rather a matter of
smell than of taste. We have been, by our legisla-
tion heretofore, endeavoiing to ornament the city
by a structure rising above the earth; we are now
callcd on to ornament it by a ditch sinking down
■ District, ought to make this appropriation, and we
have a guarantee that the expenditure will not be
useless; for the amendment provides that the Cor-
poration shall first appropriate an equal amount of
money for the purpose of completing this work.
. The Government is a very large consumer of fuel,
! and there are large quantities of Cumberland coal
1 used at the navy-yard. This coai could be trans-
j ported more cheaply if this canal were in a condi-
tion to be used. There would be a very consider-
able saving upon the transportation in the single
article of coal, which has now to he conveyed from
Georgetown upon trucks or carts. The Govern-
ment, therefore, has a direct and immediate interest
below the surface of the earth. As a matter of ij in the matter, and I think that this is ave^y stron;
reason in favor of approprating the money that is
i asked for, even for what the "Senator calls a local
! purpose.
The question was then taken, and decided, as
! follows:
! YEAS—Mcs-srs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Benton, Berrien,
i Claike, rnrwni. D.wi-; ot ?J,i^sachu>ctt-. Da\ton Douglas,
; Down-, Fitzgerald, Foote, Greene, Hunter. Johnson ol Lou-
isiana. Johnson Oi Gjoi ia, Jone-, M-uiLums. Mumhi, Met-
; cnlfc. Miller, Pe.-treo, Pheips, Sjnuuoei., 1'ph.un, Webster,
, We&tcott, and Yuiee—2D.
: N'AYS—iMes^is Allen. Atchison. Atheiton. Borland,
I Biadburv. Bright, Calhoun, Davit of Dickinson,
! Dodae of Iowa, Felch. Fit/patrick', Uainlui, Niles, Riiik,
J Sebastian, Tuuiey, and Walkei—is.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia, moved to amend
the bill by striking out all after the woid "dollars"
1 in line 338, page 15, and inserting the following:
And the Secretaiy of War is hereby authorized to hjase,
for a priiod of five year?; and until Government have
provided itself suitable buiUhncs. the new huihiins at the
comer of F and 17th streets*, now partially occupied bv Gov-
ernment, at tiie teim® and at th« raie original)) a«r(M d upon
will) the War Department, or at h.s option t<> purehcit-e the
same, if it can bo had for a principal sum the mtete--t up-sn
winch at six per cent, per annum, shall not exceed the
amount now paid per annum for the rooms occupied by
' Government,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Geoigia. The Senate will
perceive, that by the bill it now stands, there is
ornament, f am afraid the ditch will be a failure,
But it is advocated on the ground of utility also.
I should like to be informed whether this canal has
not been, in point of utility, what is ordinarily
called a totol failure—whether it has not proved to
be utterly useless—whether it has not failed to
accomplish the object for which it was originally
undertaken. I believe it has nc\er been used at
all, except for the convenience of some few small
boats carrying wood to the city. It has never, I
believe, been of service for the transportation of
anything whatever to the Navy Yard. If it has
been, that fact is not within my knowledge. To
expend money, therefore, upon a work of this
kind, it appears to me, is to waste it. We ha\e
already paid something like eight hundred thou-
sand dollars towards that work, and no v.* we are
called upon to make an additional appropriation
in order to make it useful. But I think it never
will be lftade useful. And, let me ask, upon what
principle is it that the public money is to be de-
voted to the construction of a work that is entirely
local in its character, and not national? I would
ask Senators upon what principle it is that they
propose to appropriate the money of the people
of the United States for an object that is entirely
local? I should like to know the right we have to
do it. In the proposition which we had the other
day, there ^vas some appearance at least of a con- il no margin whatever left for any negotiations be-
