548
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 16,
tween the Secretary of War and the owner of this
building, and I think that if the Senate understood
properly the state of things precisely as it exists
in reference to the present occupancy of the build-
ing:, ihey would not hesitate to adopt the amend-
ment which is now offered. This building was
constructed originally by the proprietor under a
quasi agreement on the part of the Secretary of
War to rent the rooms of the building at a stipu-
lated price, which was one hundred and seventy-
five dollars per room. The Secretary of War did
not, it is true, enter into any specific contract with
the owner of the building, for the reason that he-
lfad no right to make a contract which should
operate in futuro. He only stipulated that if the
house should he completed during his term of
office, he would not hesitate to rent a portion of
th"- rooms of the building, for the use of the Gov-
ernment, at that price. At the last session of Con-
gress the Secretary of War sent in his estimates
accordingly. The amount thus estimated by him
was reduced in the House of Representatives to
the price of one hundred and fifty dollars per
room. The hill came into the Senate, and the
Senate amended it by restoring the price to he
paid per room t<? the amount agreed upon by the
Secretary of War. The hill was returned to the
ITowsx', and the House refused to concur m the
amenum&nt; so that the bill finally passed the two
Houses stipulating to pay one hundred and fifty
dollars per room, and thus only appropriated a
sufficient amount of money to pay for fifty-five or
sixty rooms, leavi«<£ some thirty or forty rooms
of the building unoccupied, which have remained
unnccnnied during the time that has intervened,
and still continue to be unoccupied.
Now, sir, the condition of things is just this:
The Government is occupying a certain portion of
the rooms of this building at the price of one hun-
dred and fifty dollars each, having refused to take
all the rooms, and the proprietor of the building
is thus losing the rent of some, and this bill as it
now stands proposed to limit the Secretary of War
to the rooms now occupied, and appropriates a
sum of money sufficient to pay their rent, leaving
no discretion with the Secretary to negotiate with
the owner either for the balance of the rooms, or
for the purchase of the building. Now, I ask, and
I appeal to the Senate, if this is just and fair?
Now, what is the object of the amendment? It
is to allow the Secretary of War the authority to
negotiate with the owner of the building for the
rent of the rooms at the price originally agreed
upon for five years; or, if he should.prefer it, to
pnrchnsc the building at an amount the annual
interest upon which shall not exceed the annual
amount that is now paid for the rooms which are
already occupied by the Government. If the Gov-
ernment will neither rent nor purchase the building,
all that the owner asks is, that it shall be disen-
cumbered of the Government iccouls, in order
that he may make other arrangements more com-
patible with hi"? interest.
Mr. WALKER. I would ask how many rooms
ore now occupied ?
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not know; but the amount
appropriated for the rent is eight thousand five
hundred dollars, at one hundred and fifty dollars
per room. The gentleman can very soon make
the estimate.
Now, the question for the Senate to determine
is this: whether they will still occupy the rooms
•winch they now have at the price of $150 per room,
and compel the owner of the building to lose en-
tirely the rent of some thirty-odd rooms that are
now vacant; or whether they will take the whole
buiirlma: at the price originally agreed upon be-
tween the proprietor of the building and the Secre-
tary of War; or whether they will purchase the
btuiding upon the terms proposed in the amend-
ment I The amount proposed by the amendment
for the pin chase of the building is a principal sum,
the interest on which annually shall not exceed the
annual amount that is now paid for the rooms.
That is the proposition. Well, then, Mr. Presi-
dent, if the Government will accept of neither of
these propositions; if they will not rent the whole
of th  building, nor give the Secretary of War au-
thority to enter into negotiations for the purpose
of renting it, and will not purchase, then it is in-
cumbent on the Government to, look about and see
"Whether they can do better. The presumption is,
that these rooms were rented by the department
during the last year in obedience to the necessities
of the department. If they are necessary, then it
is proper it should occupy them. If they are not
necessary, then Congress should make arrange-
ment for the vacation of the rooms, so that the
owner of the building may'convert it to other uses.
But it seems to me perfectly clear that the bill,
as it now stands, places the proprietor of the build-
ing in a most unjust situation. For the rooms that
are now occupied by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury the term of rent expires on the 4th of March,
and for-those occupied by the War Department
the term of rent expires on the 1st of July. This
condition of things must greatly embarrass the
owner of the building. The Government will not
rent his property; they occupy a certain portion of
the building, and they give the Secretary of War
no authority to negotiate either for renter purchase,
and they will not vacate the rooms. That is the
precise situation of affairs at the present moment,
and it is for Congress now to determine whether
they will embarrass the department and the owner
of the building by the bill as it comes from the
House, or accept the alternative proposition that
is submitted by the amendment which I have of-
fered. I think it is just and fair, and that the
Government ought to make some arrangement that
will be convenient to itself and just to the proprie-
tor of the building.
The discussion was continued by Mr. CAME-
RON, Mr. PEARCE, Mr. ATHERTON, and
Mr. BADGER; after which—
Mr. BADGER moved to amend by striking out
the part which relates to the purchase.
Mr. ALLEN said a few words; when—
Mr. JOHNSON accepted the amendment moved
by the Senator from North Carolina, as a modifi-
cation of the original amendment.
Mr. DAYTON moved to strike out the author-
ity to lease for five yeais, and so to amend the
amendment, as to make it only an authority to
rent the rooms to the end of the present fiscal year.
Some further remarks were made by Mr. MA-
SON, Mr. 13RADBURY, Mr. HALE,"Mr. HAM-
LIN, and Mr. DICKINSON.
The motion of Mr. Dayton was then agreed to.
Mr. BADGER moved-to amend the amendment
by limiting the amount of rent for each room to
§150.
Mr.CAMERON suggested thatthe whole amount
of rent should be limited to $9,000.
Mr. BADGER accepted the suggestion of the
Senator from Pennsylvania, as a modification of
his amendment, but subsequently modified it so as
to extend it to $10,000.
Mr. WESTCOTT inquired if that part of the
amendment which referred to the agreement with
the War Department was stricken out?
Several Senators. No, no.
The amendment to the amendment was then
agreed to.
The question recurring on the original! amend-
ment—
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. Mr. President, I
would ask what is the proposition now before the
Senate ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER stated the prop-
osition.
Mr. JOHNSON. With the consent of the Sen-
ate, I will withdraw the whole proposition.
Leave was granted, and the proposition was
accordingly withdrawn.
AMENDMENT.
Mr.WALKER laid before theSenate an amend-
ment which he proposed to offer to the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill; and which was or-
dered to be printed.
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
~ Friday, February 16,1849.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
REPRESENTATIVES OP COL. FItANCIS VIGO.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, rose and
called up the motion heretofore made to reconsider
the vote by which the bill for the relief of the legal
representatives of Colonel Francis Vigo had been
passed.
Mr. HUNT hoped, that by general consent, the
committees would be called, for one hour, for re-
ports.
The SPEAKER said, the gentleman from Con-
necticut [Mr. Rockwall] had called up the motion
to reconsider the vote on the passage of the bill
for the relief of the legal representatives of Colonel
Francis Vigo; and the question would be on the
motion to reconsider.
On motion of Mr. DUNN, the motion to recon-
sider was laid on the table.
DONATIONS OF LAND.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, rose and said that
he would again ask the unanimous consent of the
House to introduce a bill of which his colleague
[Mr. Johnson] had some time since given notice.
His colleague was still confined by sickness, and
would not probably be able to attend to his duties
here for some time. He (Mr. Jones) wished that
the bill might be received, and referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER said the bill could only be in-
troduced by unanimous consent.
The title of the bill was read. [It was the bill
heretofore noticed, to give a homestead to every
poor man, &c., &c.)
Mr. COLLAMER and other members objected,
Mr. HUNT inquired whether it would be m
order to move that the House proceed to receive"
reports from committees?
The SPEAKER said the jregular'order of busi-
ness was the reception of reports. There being no
more reports from select committees, reports would
be in order from the Committee on Elections.'
THE PREVIOUS QUESTION.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, inquired whether, at the
time the House pioceeded yesterday to the con-
sideration of business on the Speaker's table, there
was not a motion pending on the adoption of a new
rule.
The Clerk (under direction of the Speaker)
; stated the question as follows: To amend the 26th
rule of the House, as reported by Mr. Smith, of
Indiana, yesterday, from the Committee on Rules,
by inserting after the woid " established," in the
sixth line thereof, "and it shall not be in order to
move the previous question on the same day when
offered."
To which was pending the following amendment^
offered by Mr. Jenkins :
Strike out all after the word "and," arid insert:
It «hall he m order to move the previous question when
offered and, if t-uslained, the resolution shall lie over to the
next day, when it shall have pteference over all other busi-
ness after leading the Journal; and shall then be disposed o-f
by reference or otherwise.
Mr. WENTWORTH, (to the Speaker.) Is
that question now before the House?
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. WENTWORTH said he had no disposi-
tion to say anything now to interrupt the business
of the House; but as this matter had come up, he
had a few words to say.
Mr. GREELEY inquired of the Speaker,
whether the previous question had not been de-
manded? He thought it had been.
The SPEAKER directed the Clerk to ascertain
the fact by reference to the Journals.
It appeared that the previous question was not
pending.
Mr. WENTWORTH said he would not be re-
sponsible for consuming the time of the House
this morning upon this question. He dtd not wish
to discuss the matter, and would consent to any
motion that would defeat the proposition without
debate. But he feared its adoption, and therefore -
would express'his sentiments.
He would call the attention of the members—-
and more particularly the members of his side of
the House—to the fact, the -alarming fact, that at
this late period of the session, when the last breath
of the thirtieth Congress was being drawn, four
propositions to amend the rules of the House had
been made yesteiday. And what for? If neces-
sary, why were they not introduced some time
during the last very long session of Congress?-
Why not introduced before at this session? The
same Committee on Rules had been in existence
during the whole time. His opinion was, that the
changes were not necessary to the conduct of the
business of this session, and he was so unchari-
table as to think they were not intended for this
session.
He would call the attention of the members to
the fact, that, it was very doubtful which party had
a majority in the present Congress; and also to
the fact, that u majority of the members of the
present House woufd not be in the next; and that
the effect of the proposed amendments to the rules
