550
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 17,
Mr. KAUFMAN called for the reading of the
. rule; wfiich was read.
Mr. TOOMBS appealed from the decision of
the Chair. He did not deny, he said, that this
was an appropriation bill, but he denied that it
was a general appropriation bill.
<The rule applicable to bills making appropria-
tions for treaties was then read.
Afterabrief conversation between Mr.TOOMBS
and the-CHAIRMAN—
The question, "Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the House Vy was taken,
and decided m the affirmative: Ayes 82, noes 34.
So the decision of the Chair was affirmed,
Mr. GOGGIN. The question now is, whether
the committee will take up the bill ? That motion
. is pending.
The CHAIRMAN announced the question, on
the motion of Mr. Vinton.
Tellers were ordered, viz; Messrs. Pollock and
McClelland, «who (the question having been
taken) announced ayes 68, noes 60.
So the committee agreed to take up the bill to
provide for carrying into execution', in part, the
12th article of the treaty with Mexico, concluded
at Gauda?upe Hidalgo. *
The bill having been read through—
Mr. STARKWEATHER obtained the floor.
Mr. ROOT appealed to the gentleman from New
York to yield him the floor a moment, to enable
him to propound a question to the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. STARKWEATHER having yielded—
Mr. ROOT said he would be obliged to the
chairman of the Committee of Waya and Means,
[Mr. Vinton,] if he would indicate to the com-
mittee at what time he [Mr. V.] would move his
gag resolution, tie would like to know at what
time the gentleman proposed to stop the debate, so
that the committee could run this discussion—if it
was.desirabie to have one—into the evening a little.
Mr. VINTON, in repiy, stated that this was an
appropriation which necessarily involved the whole
question respecting California and New Mexico.
Itwas not hisjintention to close thedebateupon this
bill until gentlemen had the opportunity to express
their views concerning the questions involved.
It would, however, be remarked, that there was
one other appropriation bill which had not yet
been acted upon by the House. There was an-
other appropriation bill which had come back
from the Senate with a very large amendment.
The civil and'diplomatic bill had also received, he
learned, large amendments in the Senate; and what
amendments might be made to the naval appropri-
ation bill, he did not know. The House would
see, therefore, that the bills which had gone out
of the House, when they came back would neces-
sarily occupy considerable time of the House.
He proposed, in order to meet the views of the
committee generally, to close this debate, say on
Tuesday or Wednesday next; and-in the mean
time he would suggest that it might be as well that
gentlemen should come here and have two or three
evening sessions.
Mr. ROOT, (in his seat.) Say Wednesday, at
two o'clock.
Mr. VINTON said he would propose, as that
was suggested, that this debate be closed on Wed-
nesday next, at two o'clock—or rather, as that mo-
tion could not be made here, he would give notice
that when he had a proper opportunity to do it, he
would heieafter offer a proposition to close the de-
bate on Wednesday next, at two o'clock: and, in
the mean time, he would suggest that, by general
consent—if gentlemen were prepared with their
speeches—they have an evening session to-day,
and that the House take a recess.
[Cries of Agreed ! agreed V]
Mr. STARKWEATHER then resumed the
door, and proceeded to address the committee at
length.
Mr, WILSON next obtained the floor, and ad-
dressed the committee at length upon the general
subject of slavery, as connected with the political
affairs of the country.
Mr. W. having concluded—
Mr. BEDINGER obtained the floor, and ad-
dressed the committee in a speech vindicating the
Soutft and her institutions from attacks which had
been made upon them, and replying to remarks of
several gentlemen who had previously spoken on
the subject of slavery. [These Speeches will be
found in the Appendix.]
Mr. BUCKNER next obtained the floor, and
yielded to a motion that the committee rise; which
prevailing*—
The committee rose and reported progress.
- Mr- WENT WORTH moved that the House
take a recess to five o'clock.
On motion, the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, and referred:
By Mr. UOWLIN : The petition of David Keith, and*one
hundred and forty-four otheis, citizwns of Missouri, pra.vlag
the establishment of mihtaiy posf3 in California to protect
emigrants, traders, and miners, m their legitimate occupa-
tions. Also, the petition of Ilemy C Lynch, and torty-nme
othwri, citizens of Mis-sou li, with fhe like prayer. Also, the
petition ofVolney C. iMusie, and fcixty otheis, citizens of
Missouri, with the like prayei, for military posts in Califor-
nia,
By Mr. SAWYER: The petition of Wm. Kiny-<hury and
others, ot Mauniee city, Ohio, piaynig Conjire.-s 10 extvnd
the laws and pioteeuoaol the Cmtid Stales over California
auo A'evv Me.uro.
By Mr. THOMPSON, of Iowa : The memorial of the Gen-
era! Assembly of the Stale oi Iowa, pra\in«!or the estab-
lishment or a hne'ot fjnts on the joukj to Oregon, notih of
tin* (Ureal Platte river. Also the joint le^oiunon of the
sftii'e body for a mail route from Sabula, m Jackson county,
via Van Bureti, Antoy, Andrew HdsanS Mills, Ottercieek,
Garry Owen'*, Thomas McAnaJly"1*, to Cascade, m Jones
county.
By Mr. SIBLEY: The petition of .Orange Walker and
110 citizewj of ihv United States, residing in Wisconsin
Territory, praying the construction of a road" from St. Loms
river to Lake Superior, to Fott SiU'lhrnj, or \icimty, and j
, PointJ>ousla>s, via tottlhvater, on the Miss-it-Mppi nvts. (
j 13v Mi. BItQVVN, ot Mi.-tia-ippi: Tin1 puiuron of Joseph I
I H. Morn, W. W. Divm, and Thomas J. N.ipser, ayking pav-
I ment lor hor><;< lost by them in the Me\Ic,ui war. * " {
| By Mr. BAIUtOW: T.ie petition of John Hill for a pen- \
> sion. .
I tiy Mr. HOCKHTJLL, of Massachusetts: The petition of
j 36 citi/.cns of Cmnmmgioi:, M,i^aclm.-etN, tor cheap pobt-
■ age, tiie abolition of the irmktnij privilege. Sic.
; Hy Mi. STUOUM . A petition, tiym d by citizens of Le-
|j hijzh county, Pennsylvania, ptayiug ior a modification of the
! i e.\i>tmL' revenue law*.
j j By Mr. HAMPJ OX, ot New Jeisoy : 'She petition of Wil-
li liam Harelton and forty other citizens, of the connfy ot
|l Gloucester, iYew Jersey, askinsr Congress for a change of
j the Constitution or othei \vi>e, to take Cuch measures will
j! either abolish «laver«. tsiiou«l.out the United States, oi re-
j| iieve the people of New Jersey fiom the lesponsibiiity of
aiding in it-* suppoit. Also, the petition of A.uon Barton
and toity-five other citizens, of the county of Gloucester,
New Jersey, asking Congress 10 paes a law for the imme-
diate abolition ol slavery and the slave trade in the Di>tuct
of Columbia.
By Mr. HENRY: The petition of E. Goihnm, jr. and 141
other citizens, of WitoiU'gton. Vermont, for a mail route
from Wilmington by We*t Dovci and Wardsb.no' to Wes.t
Waidsboio', Vermont. ALo, the petition of W. II. Jones
and seventy other citizens, of Dover, Vermont, for a mail
route. Also, the petition of Levi Fitts and fitty othei citi-
zens of Waid>boro', Vermont, for a mail route.
iiy Mr. DARLING: The petition of one hundred inhabit-
ants of Fond du Lac, Wisconsin, asking for the reduction of
the rates of letter postage to a uniform sy&tem of two cents
each.
By Mr. GREELEY : The petition of ft. F. Powell and
other crti/.ensof Towanda, Pennsylvania, for the tieedom
of the public lands to actual seUlei>, and to them only. Also,
tho petition of A. hjmnre and other eituens of Schuylkill
count}, Pennsylvania, foi the abmition ot the penalty ot
death. Also, the petition of L. C. Pettengill and other citi-
zens of Oft'jio countv, New York, for cheap po^tat;e.
iJy Mr. BIRDSALTj : The petition of E. P. Beecher, and
ii fitly others, inhabitants of J'lymonth, Chenango county,
! New Yoik, in tavor or cheap postage.
IN SENATE,
Saturday, February 17, 1849.
Tiie VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, transmitting a report from the Superintendent
of the Coast Survey, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the Senate m relation to surveys of the
coast of Floiida, its reefs and shoals; which was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. CAMERON presented a number of peti-
tions, praying for the abolition of slavery, the
i question on the leceptiim of which was raised and
j laid on the table.
j Mr. C. presented a petition from citizens of I
! Pennsylvania, asking that the price of the mineral j
; lands of the United States may be reduced to the ;
minimum standard of other public lands; which i
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands. I
Mr. C. presented several petitions from citizens I
of Pennsylvania, praying fof an alteration in the '
patent laws; which was referred to the Committee
on Patents.
Mr. C. presented a petition fiom William Greer,
asking the patronage of the Government to a woik
entitled the " Mirror of the Patent Office, "of which
he is the proprietor; which was referred to the
Committee on Patents.
Mr. c. also presented a petition from William
Chapman, a soldier in the late war with Great
Britain, asking to be allowed a pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. C. also presented the memorial of Evelina
Porter, widow of\he late Commodore Porter, ask-
ing for a pension of five years in consequence of
the death of her husband from the effects of wound®
and sickness received and contracted while m the
line of his duty in the, naval service of the United
States; which was referred to the Committee on-
Naval Affairs.
Mr. WESTCOTT presented the petition of Ste-
vens & Ellison, and other citizens of the United
States, praying protection against a foreign infrac-
tion of their rights in a patent for a machine for
turning and cutting irregular pieces; winch was
referred to the Committee on Patents.
Mr. W. also presented a petition from citizens
of Monroe county, New York, asking the enact-
ment of a law for the protection of American in-
ventors agaijnst foreign infractions of their patent
rights; which was referred to the committee on
Patents.
Mr. BORLAND presented a petition from cit-
izens of Arkansas, asking for the adoption of meas-
ures for the constructioB of a railroad from Mem-
phis, Tennessee, to the Pacific; which was laid on
the table.
Mr. FOOTE presented a memorial from Jesse
E. Dow and others, proposing to open a route to
the Pacific Ocean by means of a plank road over
the Isthmus of Tehuantepec, on condition that the
United Slates will authorize them, for reasonaWe
; consideration, to transport the mails and other prop-
; erty of the Government over said road; which was
j referied to the Committee on the Post Office and
j Post Roads.
j REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a bill to establish
a mail route between such point in the valley of
i the Mississippi, and such point in California, or*
the Pacific Ocean, as the President of the United
i Suites may direct; which was read, and ordered to
a second reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims, reported a bill for
the relief of Mrs. Maria Taylor, which was read,
and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. FITZPATRiCK, from the Committee on
Claims, reported House bill for the relief of Thos,
B. Gamage, and moved that it be now considered-,
which was agreed to.
The bill was then read a first and sec.ond time*
> was considered, and afterwards read a third time
, and passed.
| Mr. FITZPATRICK, from the Committee on
[ Claims, reported, without amendment—
House bill for the relief of Christopher H. Pix,
j ofTexas; and
i House bill for the relief of Staunton W. Graar.
I Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Com-
I merce, reported a bill to authorize a selection of a
i part of Rock Island, in the Mississippi river, for
| the site of a maune hospital and for other pur-
j poses; which was read a ftrst time, and ordered to
' a second reading-.
1 ALIEN PAUPERS.
I Thefoiiowing resolution,submitted byMr.web-
i ster on the 8th instant, was taken up forconsidera-
! tion:
I Resolved, That thp Committee on Commerce inquire mto
| the expediency of pioviding by law for the taking of proper
, security on the aimat ot'alien passengers m the United
i States who are diseased, or impotent, or paupeis, 01 likely
j to become paupers, that such aJiei' patsengeis shall not be-
j come a public chaiyc for suppoit and maintenance, either
'i m the poits and places .it winch they may arrive, or m any
other pait of the United States to wi.icii they may proceed.
Mr. WEBSTER, afterabrief explanation, modi-
fied his resolution by adding the following words:
And that the Secretary ot the Senate caubc to be panted,
as soon as mav be, the opinions ot the judges ot the Supreme
Court ol the United Slates, m the lately decided of
Smith and Turner and Norns is, the Cii> of Boston, loi the
uie of the Senate.
The resolution was then agreed to.
On motion of Mr. BRF.ESE,
Ordered, That the teport of the Commissions of the Gen-
eral L%nd Office, undei dateol Februaiy It, 1^9,be printed
with the annual jeportof said Cmnnitofeioner, «;s an appendix
to the same j arid that 3,000 extra copies of his last annual
