552
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 19,
Mr. UNDERWOOD had no objection to that
reference, but thought it might be the most proper
reference to be made. He had 110 objectior^ to
extending the resolution so as to embrace other
battle-fields in Mexico besides that at the city.
Mr. DAVIS said that the object of the resolution
could only be attained by _a negotiation through
the United States minister in Mexico.
* Mr. UNDERWOOD. The resolution was to
that effect, and negotiations could be commenced
for other places besides that at the city of Mex-
ico. He would move the reference of the subject
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
The joint resolution was then referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
CALIFORNIA.
Mr. DOUGLAS gave notice that he should,
on Monday and every succeeding day, move the
Senate to proceed to the consideration of the bill
for the admission of California into the Union.
CAVIL AND DIPLOMATIC I3ILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic
service of the United States for the year ending
30th June, 1850.
Mr. BENTON moved to amend the bill by
striking out the appropriation of $182,000 for the
coast survey, and inserting "the sum of $30,000;
and from and after the 30th day of June, 1849,
the said survey shall be carried on exclusively by
the Navy Department, under the direction of the
President of the United States."
Mr. BENTON spoke at length in support of his
amendment.
Mr. PEARCE opposed it, and vindicated the
existing system. [These Speeches of Mr. Ben-
ton* and Mr. PeArce will be found in the Appen-
dix.]
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 17, 1849.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
On motion of Mr. NICOLL, it was
Ordered, That Samuel A. Lawrence have leave to with-
draw irom the files of the House the papers relating to the
application of Major James Green, or the revolutionary army,
for a pension.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, of Va., it was
Ordered, That leave he granted to withdraw from the files
of the House the petition and papers of F. Coberly.
Thereupon the petition and papers were deliv-
ered to Mr. Brown.
Mr. WENTWORTH called for the regular
order of business—the call of committees for re-
ports. -
The SPEAKER said, that was not the business
in oider tiiis morning. The Chair wouki, how-
ever, proceed to call the committees by general
consent.
CHARGES AGAINST T^S COMMISSIGNER OF
INDIAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. FRIES, from the select committeeappointed
to inquire into and fully investigate the course pur-
sued by the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, in the
administration of his official duties, and especially
in the charges made and preferred in debate by
the Hon. T. L. Clingman, made a report thereon
in writing; which was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
CHIPPEWA INDIANS.
TTU joint resolution from the Senate to provide
for the payment of the expenses of the delegation
of the fchippewa Indians to the seat of Govern-
ment and home a°;ain, was read twice, when—
On motion of Mr. BINGHAM, it was referred
to the Committee on Indian AiTairs.
GALLERIES OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. TURNER asked leave to offer the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the Sei^eant-nt-arms be authorised and
rmprnvered to cmpioy an o^poriprir-pd pobcp officer to attend
the galleries of tm^ House during the remainder of the ses-
sion.
Mr. BRODHEAB objected.
Mr. TURNER. I hope it will not be objected
to until I have made an explanation.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I object to it. I object to
the gentleman's explaining. We do not want such
an officer.
So the resolution was not received.
DEBATE ON THE TREATY BILL.
Mr. VINTON moved the following resolution:
Resolved, That all debate on House bill No. 648 shall cease
in Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union on
Wednesday next, at two o'clock, p. m.j and said committee
shall then proceed to such amendments as may be efrered
to said bill.
Mr. V.said hedid not propose to call the previous
question upon the passage of the resolution. He
would simply say, that he did not think the busi-
ness of the House would justify the continuance
of the debate beyond the time named in that reso-
lution. He would leave it to the House to decide.
Mr. TOOMBS moved to strike out 44 Wednes-
day," and insert " Monday."
He said there were a large number of bills press-
ing the House—there were now three or four spe-
cial orders; and if they continued the debate upon
this bill until Wednesday, it would be impossible
for the House to do the necessary business before it.
Let this debate be closed on Monday, and let the
other measures be debated as they come up, which
was the more appropriate way. He hoped the
House would agree to strike out " Wednesday."
and inseit "Monday."
Mr. T. askeu for tellers on the amendment, who
were ordered, viz: Mr. Toombs and Mr. Nicoll,
who reported—ayes 68, noes 48*, but
Mr. ROOT demanded the yeas and nays; which
were ordered, and being taken, resulted—yeas 82,
nays 73.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Thg question then recurred and was taken on
the adoption of the resolution as amended, and it
was adopted.
So the House decided that all debate on the said
bill should terminate on Monday next, at 2 o'clock.
Mr. TOOMBS moved a reconsideration of the
vote, and that that motion be laid on the table.
And it was ordered accordingly.
OTHER BUSINESS.
Mr. DUNN, by leave, presented joint resolu-
tions of the Legislature of the State of Indiana in
relation to postage on newspapers and public doc-
uments; which were laid upon the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
By unanimous consent, the House proceeded to
the consideration of the message from the Senate,
insisting upon their disa^eement to the amend-
ments of the House to the bill of the Senate enti-
tled ""An act for the relief of the personal repre-
sentatives of William A. Slacum, deceased," and
asking a conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses: Thereupon, it was
Resolved, That the House do agree to the conference asked
by the Senate.
Mr. KAUFMAN, under the rule, gave notice
of a motion for leave to introduce a bill to require
the heads of bureaus and other officers at the seat
of Government, m examining and deciding upon
claims arising out of the late war with Mexico, to
give preference and priority in such examination
to those belonging to and preferred by widows and
orphans, or their agents.
Mr. BRODHEAD moved that the House re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole, for the purpose of proceeding to the con-
sideration of the private calendar.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. ASHMUN inquired of the Speaker whether
it would be m order to move that, after to-day, the
regular hour of the meeting of this House should
be eleven o'clock ?
The SPEAKER said the motion could only be
received by general conscnt. But the gentleman
might move, that when the House adjourns, it ad-
journ to meet on Monday next, at eleven o'clock;
and on Monday it would be in order to make such
a motion as the gentleman had indicated.
Mr. ASHMUN. And that that be the regular
hour of meeting ?
.The SPEAKER. The gentleman can make that
motion on Monday. The gentleman can move the
other motion for one day, and no more.
The question then recurred and was taken on
the motion of Mr. Rockwell, and being decided
in the negative, the House refused to go into com-
mittee on the private calendar.
The question then recurred and was taken on
the motion of Mr. Brodhead, and was decided in
the affirmative.
THE TREATY "WITH MEXICO.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Cabell, of
Florida, in the chair,) and resumed the considera-
tion of the bill to provide for carrying into execu-
tion in part, the twelfth aiticle of the Treaty with
Mexico, concluded at Guadalupe Hidalgo.
The debate was continued by Messrs. BUCR-
NER, STEPHENS, LAHM, WILMOT, Mc-
CLELLAND, THOMPSON of Kentucky, JEN-
KINS, ROCKWELL of Connecticut, PICK-
LIN, CRISFIELD, GIDDINGS, BRIDGES,
and NEWELL. [These Speeches will be found
in the Appendix.]
Mr. DONNELL obtained the floor, and yield-
ed—
And, on motion, the committee rose, and at 25
minutes past 10 o'clock—
The House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions and memorial were presented
under the rule, and referred:
By Mr. PALFREY: The petition of J. M. McKim and
lo6 otheis, citizens ot Philadelphia and its vicinity, piaying
Congress to take measures to abolish slavery throughout the
United States, or to relieve the people of Pennsylvania trom
responsibility therefor.
By Mr. FREEDLEY: The petition of Joseph Tomlinson
and 257 othei men and women, inhabitants qf the State of
Pennsylvania, asking Congress to pass a law for the imme-
diate abolition of slavery and the slave trade m the District
of Columbia.
By Mr. KENNON : The petition of Gideon Sejmour and
81 other citizens ot Hamson county, Ohio, praying Congress
to establish a cheap rate of postage, and to abolish the Irank-
ing privilege.
By Mi. KELLOGG: The petition of Noah Fowler and
fifty others, citizens of Cambridge and White Creek, Wash-
ington county, New Yoik, piaying tor a uniloim rate of
postage, and leducuon to two cents per half ounce, and for
the entire i epeal of the franking privilege, &c.
By Mr. GOTT: The petition of citizens of Onondaga
county, New York, praying for an increase of the pension
uf David. Montgomery.
By Mr. COLLINS: The memorial of J. T  Alden and
one hundred and live other citizens ot St. Lawrence county,
New Yorjt, for the t eduction of the rates of postage, and the
abolition of the flanking piivilege. -
By Mr. MclLVAINE: The petition of Nathan Evans and
one hundred and seventy-eight other men and women of
Pennsylvania, praying for the abolition of slavery and the
slave trade in the"Distnet of Columbia, and the prohibition
of slavery in all the Territories of the United States.
By Mr. STUART, of Michigan : The petition of citizens
ofKent and Ionia counties, Michigan, for a mail route from
Grand Rapids, in the county of Kent, to Lyons, in the county
of Ionia, by the way of Plamfield, Cannon^burg, and Grat-
tan, in the county ot Kent, and Oti&eo, Wheatland, and
North Plains, in the county of Ionia. Also, the^petition of
G. S. Isham and otheis, citizens of Michigan, praying that
Congress will make to him ceitain grants ofland, at certain
points between Fort independence and San Francisco, and
furnish a military force at such point, upon the conditions
therein slated.
IN SENATE,
Monday, February 19,1849.
Mr. DIX presented a petition from a number of
citizens, praying for the amendment of the patent
laws; which was referred to the Committee on
Patents.
Mn- D. also presented a petition from a number
of citizens of New York, praying for a reduction
and a uniform rate of postage, the abolition of the
franking privilege, &c.; which was laid on the
table.
Mr. D. also presented a petition from Duncan
Bradford and J. Sydney Henshaw, praying for
an extra allowance for services rendered to the
United States as professors of mathematics in the
navy; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. D. also presented-a petition from the pilots
of Hurl Gate and a number of masters of vessels,
praying that the light at Sands Point, Long Island,
may r.ot be discontinued; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. ATCHISON presented a petition from A.
B. Ralph and other citizens of the United States,
asking that military escorts be placed on the route
from the valley of the Mississippi to California;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
.A.ffgiirs
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, presented a pe-
tition from citizens of Massachusetts, praying for
a reduction of the rates of postage; which was laid
on the table. , .
Mr. D. also presented a petition from the Presi-
■dent of Amherst College, Massachusetts, praying
that a new edition of the narrative of the Explor-
