1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
553
ing Expedition may be published and distributed
among the colleges and other public institutions of
the Union; which was referred to the Committee
on the Library, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BRIGHT presented a petition from citizens
of Indiana, praying for the establishment of a post
office at Ransom's Store, in Blackford county, in
that State; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. B. also presented a petition from citizens of
Indiana, asking the establishment of a mail route
from Smithfield to Montpelier, in that State; which
■was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. WESTCOTT presented a petition from the
legal representatives of Henry Pawling, an officer
in the revolutionary army; which was referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
Mr. KING presented a petition from John C.
Riddie, D, H. Carter, and E. Simmonds, offering;
to construct a turnpike and to transport supplies,
the mails, &c,, for the use of the Government, over
the Isthmus of Panama, for a sum not exceeding
$12,000 per annum?®which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. KING presented some additional papers in
relation to the claim of Thomas Snodgrass; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
FLORIDA RESOLUTIONS ON SLAVERY.
Mr. YULEE presented certain resolutions adopt-
ed by the Legislature of the State of Florida, in
relation to the question of slavery, and expressive
of their determination to cooperate with her*sister
States of the South in the event of any action of
Congress adverse to the interests of the South.
Mr. YULEE addressed the Senate in relation to
these resolutions.
Mr. WESTCOTT followed in a series of re-
marks.
[For these speeches see Appendix.]
The resolutions were then read, and ordered to
be printed.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, the
petitions of Thomas P. Harrison and A. T. H.
Duvall were taken from the files of the Senate, and
referred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
( REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. NILES, from the*Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported the bill for the
relief of Samuel T. Butterworth, without amend-
ment.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported the bill for the relief of
Charles McLane, of Missouri, without amend-
ment.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Pensions,
reported the bill for the relief of Mary G. Leverett,
without amendment.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, Ttsked that the Committee be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the peti-
tion of Thomas Snodgrass, and that it be referred
to the Committee,on Claims; which motion was
agreed to.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, moved that the committee be discharged
from the further consideration of the petition of
Julia Martin; and the motion wa^ agreed to.
Mr. Y. also, from the same committee, moved
that the committee be discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of John Collins; and
the motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. Y., John Collins had leave
granted to withdraw his papers.
COAST SURVEY IN FLORIDA.
On motion of Mr. WESTCOTT, 1,000 addi-
tional copies of the communication of the Secre-
tary of the Navy, transmitting a report on the
subject of the operations of the Coast Survey on
the coast of Florida, were ordered to be printed
for the use of the Senate.
NOTICE.
Mr. DIX gave notice of his intention to bring
in a bill to continue the light on Sands Point, in
Long Island.
JOINT RESOLUTION FROM THE HOUSE.
The joint resolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives directing that the Government of Russia
be supplied with certain volumes of the Narrative
of the Exploring Expedition was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on the
Library.
RECONSIDERATION.
Mr. NILES, with the unanimous consent of the
Senate, moved to rcconeider the vote by which the
bill for the relief of Henry Vincent, administrator
of the estate of James Le Caze, was rejected on the
21st of December last. The motion lies over.
RESOLUTION. *
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution,
which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, Thnt the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire whether the laws regulating the coasting trade
do not regime amendment or alteration to meet the case of
vessels sailing to our Pacific coast.
* ADMISSION OF CALIFORNIA.
Mr. DOUGLAS moved to postpone the prior
orders, and to take up the bill for the admission of
California into the Union, and asked for the yeas
and nays on the motion, which were«rdered.
Mr. ATHERTON said he hoped the special or-
der would be proceeded with; for if the bill men-
tioned by the Senator were taken up it would lead
to debate and no progress would be made, whereas
the appropriation bill could be finished in a very
short tinae, and it would then be time enough to
proceed with other business.
Mr. DOUGLAS. This appropriation bill has ■
been before the Senate every day for a week past,
and the whole time has been taken up with the
discussion of amendments without being able to
get a vote, and I firmly believe that by continuing i
to debate that bill more legislation will be defeated 1
than if we allow that to remain for the present and
ptoceed with other business; and besides, there is
no danger that the appropriation bill wilt be lost,
and there is no immediate necessity for its passage.
I do hope, therefore, that we will take up the Cal-
ifornia bill, and fix upon some time at least at
which we can act upon it.
Mr. WEBSTER. A single word, sir. My pur-
pose is to vote with the chairman of the Committee
on Finance until this measure shall be completed.
In my judgment it is the best way to get through
with one thing at a time, and I will say, that if no
other Senator consumes more time than I shall in
debating the bill, we shall be able to make rapid
progress.
The question was then taken, and decided in the
negative, as follows:
YEAS>—Mes-srs. Bell, Breese, Bright, Dodge of Iowa,
Douglas, Down*?, Fitzgerald, Fitzpatnck, Foote, Hale,
Houston, Johnson of Louisiana, Jones, King, Sebastian,
and Walkei—16.
NAYS—\less-rs. Atherron, Badger, Baldwirt, Benton, Ber- ;
rien, Borland, Bradbury, Butler, Calhoun, Cameron, Clarke, j
Corwin, Davis of Ma^&achuvett*., Davis ol'Mis^SMppi, Day- j
ton, Dickinson, Dix, Felch, Greene, Hamlin, Hunter, :
Johnson of Georgia, Ma&on, Mtllt'i, Ntles, Pearce, Phelps, i
Spruance, Sturceon, Tin ney, Underwood, (jphain, Webster, j
Westcott, and Yulee—-35. I
So the motion to postpone wa3 negatived. i,
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL. [i
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration I
of the bill making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic service of the United States.
The question being on the motion of Mr. BEN-
TON to strike out the clause appropriating $] 86,000
for defraying the expenses of the coast survey, in-
cluding compensation to the Superintendent and
his assistants, and to insert in lieu thereof the fol-
lowing:
Mr. BENTON withdrew his amendment.
The amendment of Mr. Bradbury was then
submitted and rejected.
At a late hour, Mr. BADGER moved that the
Senate adjourn.
Mr. ATHERTON demanded the yeas and nays
upon the motion; which were ordered, and being
taken, the yeas were 28, the nays 17, as follows:
Atchlsor>> Badger, Berrien, Bright, But-
ler, Clarke, Corwin, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Mis-
sissippi, Dayton, Fitzpatnck, Greene, Hamlin, Hunter,
Johnson ot Georgia, King, Mason, Miller, Ntles, Pearee
Kusk, Sebastian, Spruance, Turney, Upham.Walker,West-
cott, and Yulee—28. ' 1
NAYS—Messrs. Atherton, Baldwin, Borland, Bradburv
Breese, C.imeron, Dickinson, Dix, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas*
Downs, Felch, Foote, Houston, Johnson of Louisiana!
Jones, and Underwood—17. ^ '
[The debate on the Coast Survey Bill will b&
fouud in the Appendix.]
Sc^he Senate adjourned.
For survey of the coast of the United States the sum of
$30,COO; and fiom and alter the 30th day of June, 1849, the
said survey sliall be cairied on exclusively by the Navy De-
partment, under the direction of the President of the United
States—
Mr. FOOTE, with the lqave of the Senate, of-
fered an amendment which he proposed to move,
and which, without being read, was ordered to be
printed. :
Mr. ATHERTON then opposed the amendment j
of the^enator from Missouri. ;
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, spoke in favor of
the present system.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, defended the \
reputation of Mr. Hassler,the late Superintendent ;
of the Coast Survey. j
Mr. BENTON replied. j
Mr. PEARCE rejoined. j
After a few words from Mr. DAVIS, of Mis- '
sissippi— j
Mr. BRADBURY asked the Senator from Mis- [
souri to withdraw his amendment, to enable him
to submit one in its pl£be, which provides that no
person shall be employed hereafter who shall not
belong to the army or navy, when the situation
can be filled by officers in the army or navy.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 19, 1849.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
TERRITORIAL GOVERNMENTS CALIFORNIA
AND NEW MEXICO.
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, moved to suspend the
j rules, to enable him to offer the following resolu-
! tion:
| Resolved, That the bill? reported from the Committee on
! Territories to organize Territorial Governments in California
i and Jvew Mexico, be made th*> special order immediately
| alter the bill now under consideration of the Committee of
I the Whole House on the state of the Union, entitled " A bill
i to provide for carrying nuo execution in part the 12th article
oi the treaty of. Mexico" shall be disposed of, such special
order to continue from day to day until said biJJs shall be
disposed of; and all previous special orders shall be post-
poned until such bills shall be finally acted upon. *
The question being taken, the rules were sus-
pended—two-thirds voting in the affirmative.
The question being on the adoption of the* reso-
lution— '
Mr. STANTON asked for the reading of the
resolution.
Mr. BURT demanded the yeas and nays on its
adoption.
Mr. VINTON said it was proper that he should
n form the House that the bill making appropria-
tions for the.Post Office Department had not yet
been acted upon by the House. He moved, there-
fore, to except this bill; as he understood it, this
resolution proposed to dispose of the Mexican
treaty bill before the resolution took effect.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the resolution as it now stands would require &
vote of two-thirds for its adoption; because by the
rules of the House, the general appropriation bills
(as, for example, the bill providing for the Post Of-
fice Department) have priority over all other busi-
ness.
Mr. VINTON repeated his motion to amend the
resolution, so as to except from its operation the
bill appropriating for the Post Office Department.
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, accepted the amend-
ment as a modification of his resolution.
Mr. KAUFMAN inquired of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Vinton] whether that bili (i e. the post
office bill) was? the only geneial appropriation bill
which had not yet been acted upon r
Mr. VINTON. All the appropriation bills have
passed this House except the Mexican treaty
bill and the bill providing for the Post Office De-
partment. But the Indian appropriation bili has
been returned from the Senate with large amend**
roents. The civil and diplomatic appropriation
bill will come back with amendments. It will,
perhaps, be well enough to look into this resolu-
tion, and see whether it will prevent our acting
upon these bills until the Territorial bills are dis-
posed of. The probability is, the civil and diploma-
tic bill will come back with amendments, which
will require one or two days further consideration.
Mr. KAUFMAN suggested to<|he gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Vinton]-so to frame his amend-
ment as to except all the general appropriation
bills, whether they had passed this House or not.
Mr. WENT WORTH said he did not see the
necessity of taking up the time of this House by
any discussion on this subject. He had been of
the opinion for the last month that it was not the
intention of the House to act upon these territorial
bills at this session. It was an old farce which
they were playing here this morning, m order to
