1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5S5
Mr. GRINNELL offered the following amend-
ment:
Insert at the end of line fifteen (printed Mil) the follow-
in}?: Provided, That the payment ol the instalment and
interest aforesaid hy the United States and the receipt of
the same by the Government of Mexico shall be deemed
and understood to be in compliance "with the stipulations
of the treatjr of Guadalupe Hidalgo, as ratified hy the Senate
of the United States of America, an d that the same shall be
construed and understood by its language, without reference
to the piotoco! signed by A. H. Sevier and Nathan Clifford,
as commissioners on the part of the United States, and by
Luis de ia Rosas on the part of Mexico, if there be any dif-
ference between the said treaty and protocol.
Mr. G. remarked, that he thought we ought to
say to Mexico that we made the appropriation
with the understanding that we ought to carry out
the treaty according to its terms and language, and
not according to the protocol.
There were five minutes yet remaining of the
time allowed for debate.
Mr. BOYDEN" said he would avail himself of
this brief space of time to make a few remarks in
reply to an idea suggested the other day by the
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] that to
vote., for the appropriation contained in this bill
would be to sanction all the aggressive policy of
the President towards Mexico.
He (Mr. B.) would take this occasion to say,
that I topk a directly contrary view of the subject.
He admitted that the President commenced the
war; that he commenced it unnecessarily and un-
constitutionally for the very object of conquest;
and that, from the beginning to the end, he had
prosecuted the war with that object. And although
he (Mr. B.) should vote for these appropriations,
he wholly dissented from the inference which the
gentleman from Georgia thought proper to draw
iVom that vote. In his judgment, he who refused
to vote the appropriations not only made himself
particeps criminis in all the tyrannical and aggres-
sive policy which had been pursued towards Mex-
ico, but would go still further than even the Pres-
ident himself had gone. He had got the country,
_ and every one knew that the tyrannical grasp of
the President upon it would never be let go. The
question was, should they hold on to it, and in-
stead of taking it as a purchase, and complying
with the plighted faith of the nation, refuse to
make this appropriation, and thus hold it as a
conquest out and out; subjecting ourselves to the
charge of violating the national faith—of repudi-
ation—and subjeciing ourselves justly, yes, justly,
to the charge of Punic faith? He would vote tor
this appropriation, and would not Jdc understood
thereby as sanctioning the course of the President
or of the Senate. The President should have
come here when he was about to make a treaty
involving such large pecuniary considerations, and
should have asked the conscnt of the representa-
tives of the people before he had made it. But
should they, therefore, because the President had
not done this, bring upon themselves the charge of
national repudiation? He, for one, never.would
let th&t stain be fixed on our country by any vote
of his. No: Mexico should have the money. If
any means could be provided by which this terri-
tory could be given back to Mexico by refusing
this appropriation, he would not hesitate to sup-
port it. But the question was, should we keep
the territory and refuse to pay the money? He
was not prepared to go that far; and any man who
did so would thereby have sanctioned all Polk's
  iniquities, and have gone beyond them.
Mr. VINTON said, before the committee pro-
ceeded to vote*upon the bill, he desired to avail
himself of the opportunity afforded him, (i. e. as
chairman of the committee reporting the bill) to
say a very few words in explanation. .
This bill proposed to pay two instalments 01 the
amount which we had stipulated to pay to Mexico
as the price of the territory we had purchased from
that Republic. The first instalment in this bill
should properly have gone into the appropriation
bill of tlie last session. It was one of the expendi-
tures of the Government which fell due during the
present fiscal year; it came estimated for among
the d&6ciencies for the present fiscal year. The
other item properly belonged to the next fiscal
year, and the two items together amounted to a
sum something over $7,000,000.
Now, if this were in truth a treaty—if it were a
treaty that had been ratified in such a way as to
give it validity, and to pass the title of that coun-
try to the United States, then, as a matter of course,
the purchase money ~which the United States had
agreed to pay to the Republic of Mexico was a part
of the national debt. The purchase money that
we had agreed to pay to Mexico was, iff the first
place,* $15,000,000. In the next place, we had
stipulated to pay certain other sums, as a portion
Whether, in the process of settling up the ac-
counts of this Mexican war, any further items of
indebtedness would be found to exist, time alone
would disclose. As he did not know, he would
not, as a rnat|er of course, venture the expression
of the consideration, to the American creditors of ij cf any opinion on this point; but certain it was,
the Republic of Mexico. These American creditors ,i that instead of the indebtedness of this country'
the obligations of this country, being$65,000,009,
they.amounted to $81,000,000, at least.
He had thought that this was the proper time
and place to state this fact, as he took it for grant-
ed that gentlemen on this floor, unless they had
given the subject a particular investigation, and
the people of this country, had supposed, since
reading the message of the President, that $65,-
000,000 was the amount of the public debt of the
country.
He had one word to say in addition, respecting
the amendment now proposed by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Grinnell.] He was
very sorry that the gentleman had offered the
amendment. He (Mr. V.) was not willing that
anything should go upon the statute-book of this
country respecting the protocol. He was not
| willing that we should become involved, by any
| legislative action on this protocol, jn any difficulty
j with the Government of Mexico. As had been
; said-—he believed by the gentleman from North
j Carolina, [Mr Donnell]—if, at the time that the
i Mexican Government ratified the treaty, it was
; drawn into it by improper or undue representations
! made on our part—if there was any deception
| practised by our Executive or by the commis-
j sioners—he could not understand how that should
i discharge us from the payment of our indebted'
I ness. If the Government of Mexico had prac-
| Used deceit upon us—if she had drawn us into the
; ratification of the treaty by any false representa-
j tions—it would be good ground for us to do what
1 France did in the case of Rives's treatjt—to refuse
! to pay the debt. That was the ground" taken by
I France in the case of Rives's treaty. It would be
! remembered that a letter was written home, which
i came to the public eye, saying that France chose
to consider that we had got a bargain of her, that
were of two classes: first, those whose claims were
ascertained prior^to the formation of the treaty;
and, secondly, those whose claims remained to be
liquidated.
We had stipulated to pay, under this latter class
of claims, a sum not to exceed three and a quarter
millions. There was a question now pending be-
fore this House—and a very great and grave ques-
tion—about which he did not propose to express
any opinion: whether by this stipulation we had
not bound ourselves to pay the whole amount of
these claims, exceeding three and a quarter mil-
lions of dollars.
They might, therefore, put down the indebted-
ness of the Government, under this class of claims,
at at least three and a quarter millions. Two and
a quarter millions had been paid at the last session
for the first class of claims, viz: those which had
been liquidated and allowed by Mexico.
Now, what he thought proper to say on this
topic was this: that the President of the United
States, m his message to Congress at the opening
of the. present session of Congress, had undertaken
to do what the Executive of the country always
performed, and what it was his duty to perform—
1 had undertaken to communicate to Congress, and
j through Congress to the country, the state of the
: national debt, the extent of the national indebted-
| ness. He stated the debt of the country to be sixty-
; five millions of dollars, and a fraction over. As a
matter of course, the inference was, that he intended
to give Congress to understand and the country to
understand, that that was the extent of the nation-
al liability of this country—that that was the ex-
tent and amount of the indebtedness of the Amer-
ican people.
Now, by 'looking at the report of the Secretary
of the Treasury, there would be found a detailed
statement ot the items which made up that debt ot ; we had imposed upon her, and the French Cham-
sixty-five and a quarter millions of dollars, as was
stated by^he President of the United States, from
which it would be found that these four instalments
of twelve millions of dollars, with the interest due
upon them from the date of the treaty, made no
part of that statement.
The twelfth article of the treaty with Mexico
imposed upon the United States the obligation to
pay in four equal instalments the sum ot twelve
millions of dollars, with interest from the date of
ber lefused on that ground to make appropriation
to comply with the engagement to pay the debt.
In this case, if we had imposed upon Mexico, it
was no reason why we should not make good our
engagement to pay her $20,000,000. In a court
of justice, it would be considered a very remark-
able defence for a man to set up to avoid the pay-
ment of a claim, that in a previous transaction he
had cheated or overreached the other party. It
would hardly be considered a valid defence before
the ratification of the treaty. It was the bond of \ \ any court.
the United Slates. It was a part of the national jj He thought, if they put this amendment of the
indebtedness. The President had omitted to m- 'j gentleman from Massachusetts into the bill, we
elude it in his statement of the national debt. An jj should not see the end of the trouble which would
individual might as well, in stating his indebted- jj grow out of it. In the first place, the treaty had
ness, mention only the notes of hand fot which he
was indebted, and omit to state all the judgments
or bonded debts against him, as for the President
of the United States, in stating the debt of the
United States to the Congress of the United States
and to the people of this country, simply to state
the amount of stock certificates and treasuiy notes
that were out, omitting the great fact that there
was the bond, the most solemn bond of the United
States for twelve millions of dollars, drawing inter- '
est from the date of the ratification of the treaty. \
That item, then, added to the sixty-five and a ;
quarter millions of dollars, as stated by the Presi- j
dent of the United States, enlarged the debt of the
been ratified by both Governments with the article
as it went from the American Senate. There was
nothing else in the treaty as ratified by Mexico or
by us; and that ratification was binding upon both
parties. As a matter of course, if Mexico had
been drawn into it by any false representation on
our part, it might be good foundation for her here-
after to come to this Government and demand of
us to pay the value of these empressario grants.
There was at this time much confusion in the
committee.
Mr. Vinton suspended his remarks.
The CHAIRMAN called to order, and requested
gentlemen to take their seats.
United States to seventy-seven millions of dollars, ;; Mr. VINTON said he would not trouble the
and withm a fraction of seventy-eight millions ofcommittee further, as gentlemen seemed indisposed
dollars, because we were indebted for .principal
twelve millions of dollars, and for interest A om the
30th May last. And for this reason this first item
of appropriation in this bill was three and three- ;;
quarters millions of dollars.
In addition to that, there was the obligation of
three and a quarter millions of dollars to be paid !
to the American creditors of Mexico, when their ij
claims should be liquidated and ascertained. That ■
also was a part of the national indebtedness. j.
That three and a quarter millions, added to the j.
seventy-eight millions which he had just stated, ;l
made the national debt of this country, or the en- jj
gagements of the Government of this country, ■
eighty-one millions of doilais, or something like jj
it, instead of sixty-five millions, as stated by the jj
President of the United States. i'
to listen—and he iesumed his seat.
[Cries of " Go on; go on." A pause ensued.]
Order having been restored, and a general desire
having been manifested further to hear the gentle-
man—
Mr. VINTON resumed. He remarked that he
supposed that the whole committee understood this
subject; that they had made up their minds about
it. But heVas going to say, if this were a treaty
we had no right to alter its terms by saying to
Mexico, You shall receive this money upon some
other condition than that contained in the treaty.
You shall take it upon some other understanding
than that which you had at the time it was entered
into. And we would go far to say that wc would
either impose new terms and,incorporate new condi-
tions into the treaty on the one hand, or on the other
