556
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 19,
that we would not pay the money we had engaged
to pay. The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Ste-
phens] had claimed that thi3 House had the right
to refuse appropriations to carry, into execution a
treaty. Now, without going into that question at
all, this much he thought might be said: if this
House had the power to refuse an appropriation to
carry a treaty into execution, it was their duty at
least to comply with all the national engagements
' which were fairly made. Now, then, whenever a
treaty had been made by the legitimate power—
and no one pretended that the President and the
Senate of the United States had not the power to
make this treaty, and acquire possession of the
country, and engage the faith of the country to pay
for it—if the Senate and the President of the Uni-
ted States had the power to make this treaty, and
if it had been made in such form as to be valid,
(andHthe gentleman from Georgia himself admitted
it wals a treaty,) then, as a matter of course, it
stood on the same footing with any other obliga-
tion of this. Government. The power to withhold
appropriations to carry into effect a treaty, if it was
ever exercised, could only be justified upon the
ground that in some great national emergency its
exercise was necessary for the preservation of the
public liberty. It could be justified on no other
ground. Neither the President of the United States
nor any officer in any department of the Govern-
ment could go to the public treasury and take out
his salary; and though Congress held the purse-
strings of the country, as it was usually said, they
could not, without the authority of law, untie that
purse and take out the money at their pleasure,
even to pay themselves for their own precious ser-
vices. Now, if this were a treaty—if it were a law
of the land, and such a law as under the provisions
of the Constitution was supreme and obligatory
upon all State governments, and upon all the de-
partments of the General Government, to carry it
into effect—if it were a law of the land, the ques-
tion stood upon precisely the same footing, when
they came to ask an appropriation to carry it into
effect, as the question would stand of an appropria-
tion of money to pay the salary of the President of
the United States, although he might have abused
his office, as a member behind him suggested, or
to pay any other obligation or debt imposed upon
the Government.
That was the position of the question. It was
in vain for us to say that we would not pay
Mexico according to the stipulation of the treaty
because we had cheated her. If she had cheated
us, that would be another thing. Let him present
the case in its true light: here was a treaty which
had been made with Mexico, as everybody knew,
with the greatest reluctance on her part. We had
seized upon her ports; we had invaded her coun-
try; we were in her capital; we had that nation
prostrate; the iron was in their very soul, and the
Executive of the United States proclaimed aloud,
Stab them to the heart. It was under these cn-
cumstances that this proud people had at last con-
sented to make this treaty. Suppose that we now
refuse to make the appropriations we had stipu-
lated uinder it, what excuse could we make in the
face of the civilized world ? How could we stand
up, in the presence of Christendom, after having
wrung tbis-treaty from them'and seized upon their
country,.and now being in occupation of it, and
traitor and robber-like, refuse to pay the price
of it?
As was probably well known in this House, he
was one of those who to the last were opposed to
the annexation of Texas. He was one of those I
who had voted for the resolutions of the gentleman
from Georgia, which declared that it was not the
policy of this country to acquire any territory be-
yond the Rio Grande. He was one of those who
had thought, and who still thought, that the war
- was unnecessary, aye, and that it was unconstitu-
tionally begun by the President of the United
States. He was one of those who had believed,
and who stilkbelieved, that it was the settled de-
sign of the President to bring on a war with Mexico,
without regard to the will of the Congress of the
United States, and that of itself was a violation of
the spirit of the Constitution. He was one of
those who believed it was inexpedient to have any j
further acquisitions of territory. Yet these were
all settled questions, and they had become matters I
of history. Texas was ours, and we could not |
five her up. The coyntry that had been acquired ||
y this treaty was ours, and it was in vam to |i
think that this country was to be restored to Mex-
ico. In legislation, m conducting the affairs of
nations as in conducting the affairs of individuals,
we were necessarily controlled by circumstances.
It was impossible for men, either in private or in
public life, at all times to do that which they would
regard as the best, because they .found themselves
surrounded and controlled by circumstances. That
was precisely the condition in which they who had
opposed the war, who had opposed the acquisition
of territory, who had opposed this whole thing, now
found themselves. That this country would never
be surrendered to Mexico, might be put down as
a -"fixed fact." It was just as certain as that
Georgia would never be given back to the King of
England. Well, were we going to keep this coun-
try, and refuse to pay for it? Who was there here
who was prepared to take that stand ? If we said
we would not pay for this country, what was our
duty as honest men, and as an honest Govern-
ment? To give it back; and if we gave it back,
the law of nations, as well as natural justice im-
posed upon us the obligation to give it back in the
condition in which we received it. Could that be
done? Had we not permitted our people to go
there by hundred and thousands ? Did anybody
suppose that we could drive off the American peo-
ple who were now in California? No; we might
as well attempt to arrest the waters of the Missis-
sippi in their course. It could,not be done. We
could not return this country to Mexico. There
was no alternative but that we must pay for it.
We had already recognized the validity of'the
treaty. This House hSd already done acts which
were inconsistent with the position that we would
not pay the remaining instalments stipulated under
the tieaty. At the last session, Congress had
voted two and a quarter millions of dollars to-pay
a part of this very purchase money. They had
voted to pay those claims of American citizens
against the Government of Mexico which had
been liquidated and allowed by that Government
prior to the formation of the tieaty. This was a
part of the purchase money. This was an affirm-
ance by this House of the treaty.
In the next place, at the last session of Congress,
in pursuance of the treaty, Congress had directed
the boundary line to be run between these new
possessions of ours and Mexico, By that act,
this House had Confirmed the treaty. That very
commission had now gone out, and gone out on
the supposition that the country was ours, to run
the boundary lino between it and Mexico. And
were we now to stop, and say we would not pay
the money > That could not be. Let gentlemen
remember that when the incoming Administration
took possession of the power of this country, they
took it with all its responsibility.
It was incumbent on us, when we take power,
that we should take it wnh all the responsibilities
that belong to it. At the end of two short weeks,
those who were now in power would surrender it
into the hands of their successors. Suppose we
refuse to pay this money: what then ? A3 a mat-
ter of course, we should have a new difficulty with
Mexico. If we refused_to pay, did not that put
an end to the treaty? if we refused to pay, and
the matter was allowed to pass over to the next
Administration: whatnext? In the fiist place, the
Mexican minister would come to our new Secre-
tary of State, and say to him, Here is your bond:
you are in possession of this country of ours; what
reason have you for refusing to pay for it? What
answer could the new Secretary make? Could he
say to Mexico, We have ascertained that, at the
time the tieaty was ratified, we cheated you by
false declarations ? Could the new Secretary say
: that to the Mexican minister? And if he could
make such a reply, what would the world say of
us? If we refused to pay this money, the Mexi-
can minister would say, Give us back this country;
] and what reply could we make ? Why, the Amer-
ican Secretary would say, I have no power to cede
: the country back, and clear out all our citizens
who have gone there; and every gentlemen would
say the same thing. It was a veiy plain case, that
if we refused to pay this money we should involve
the incoming Administration and the nation itself
m a very great difficulty m the eyes of all honest
men of all nations.
No.w, his doctrine was this: He would pay
this .money, and say nothing about the protocol,
the discussion of which could only involve the
American Administration m difficulty. He would
not only pay this instalment, but the next, and the
one which was to come after that. He would say
nothing to embarrass this matter; much less would
he put anything on the statute book, which would
amount to a recognition of the act of the American
ministers in the matter of the protocol! He would
stand up to the treaty as it was, for the present;
and if, hereafter, it should turn out that we have
not acted in good faith toward Mexico, it would be
the duty of the country to consider and determine,
as an honest people, what reparation we ought to
make.
He did not think it possible to make any expla-
nation which could justify this Government before
the world in a refusal to pay this money. The
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] had said
that he would not assent to any payment for this
territory till he saw what was to be done with it.
The very acts pending before Congress for the or-
ganization of Territorial and State governments in
these Territories, proceeded upon the assumption
that the country was ours. If we held on to this
country and refused to pay for it, the case would
be precisely similar to that *hich he would pres-
ent : He supposed that the gentleman from Ver-
mont sitting near him and himself were to pur-
chase an estate of the gentleman from Georgia
upon a credit, and subsequently, a disagreement
arising between his partner and himself about the
division of the property, they go to the gentleman
from Georgia, when the first instalment becomes
due, and say to him, We cannot agree between
ourselves about the division of the estate we have
purchased of you, and therefore we' cannot pay
you til! this matter shall be settled, but m themearf
time we will hold on to the estate. This was ex-
actly the doctrine of the gentleman from Georgia,
viz: because the country could not agree upon the
disposition to be made of the Territory, therefore,
they ought not to pay for it.
The question about the payment of this stipula-
ted price was wholly between this Government
and Mexico, and could not be affected by any dis-
agreements among ourselves. What were our
domestic troubles to the Government of Mexico ?
What had she to do with them ? It might gratify
her to witness our internal distractions, or she
might regret them;-he knew not, and he cared not
which. He had no confidence in the validity of
any excuse which might be raised for us, if we did
not pay this debt to the utmost farthing.
The committee then proceeded to vole.
The pending question was on the amendment
proposed by Mr. Grinnell.
Some conversation followed on a point of order
between Mr. SCHENCK and the CHAIRMAN.
The question was then taken on the amendment)
ofMr.GRiNNELL, and it was rejected.
Mr. SCHENCK-moved to amend the bill, by
adding thereto the following:
Provided, That no part of the money hereby appropriated
1101- heretoloie appropnatcd by any act of Congress, shall be
paid for tiie salary ol any commissioner or sui veyoi to desig-
nate a boundary line between Mexico and the United Slates,
until such commissioner or suiveyor shall be provided for
by law. 0
Mr. SCHENCK said, that he would explain,
from the documents, the meaning of the amend-
ment to the satisfaction, he trusted, of every man;
so as to show that it was necessary it should be
adopted, if this House, and the Congress of the
United States did not intend to give up everything ?
to the President.
When, in the course of the last summer, the
President sent in the treaty with Mexico, it was
accompanied by a message from him from which
he would read two paragraphs. They were as fol-
lows:
<kThe fifth article of the treaty provides that—Mil order to
designate the boundary line with due precision upon autho-
ritative maps, and to establish upon the ground landmarks,
which shall show the limits of both Republics, as described
in the present aiticle, the two Governments shall each
appoint a commissioner and a surveyor, who, betore the
expuation ofone jeai from the date of the exchange ol rati-
fications of this treaty, shall meet at the poit of San Diego,
and proceed lo mil and mark the said boundary in its whole
course to the mouth of the Eio Bravo del Norte.' „«
" It mil be accessary thai provision should be m.2de by lavj
for the appointment of a commissioner and surveyer, on the
part of the Iftnted States, to act in conjunction with a com-
missioner and suiveyor appointed by Mexico, m executing
the stipulations of this article." [July *22, IcHd.]
[Note,—The year stipulated in the treaty for the appoint-
ment of the commissioner and surveyor would not expire
until the 30th ol May, 1849.]
Mr.S. then proceeded to remark, that Congress)
