'SSS
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
- Feb. 19,
The points involved and presented as the basis
of a treaty were simple and obvious. There was
the country lying between the Nueces and Rio
Grande, epmprising most of New Mexico and
parts of other Mexican States, to which we had
no just tide, but which we had conquered in the
war, and still held in possession under the pro-
visions of the late treaty. There was also the bay
of San Francisco, valuable to us "for purposes of
trade and navigation in the Pacific. These it was
proposed to have released to us, and our title to
them affirmed; but not without an equivalent in
the shape of compensation already made. We had
assumed to pay what was due from Mexico to our
citizens for spoliations and indemnities, amount-
ing to some five millions of dollais, more or less.
That assumption would stand as part pay to her;
and then the President had actually^paid over to
her three millions of the fifieen millions of dollars
stipulated in his treaty. Now, let her release us
from the remaining twelve millions and the in-
terest, and let us restore to her the territories which
we did not want, which were worse than useless
to us, which to retain would work us, he did be-
lieve, and were even already threatening, untold
evils and mischief.
The President and his party always denied that
the war with Mexico was for conquest. By their
own showing, we had obtained all that we fought
for—boundary and indemnities; then why not es-
cape, if we could, from the further consequences
of this ill-starred purchase, this bad bargain?
But his colleague [Mr. Vinton] had said, that
we could not restore the country to Mexico as it
was before the war. It was occupied by adven-
turers from the United States. That was a matter
for Mexico herself to consider. Let us at least
make the offer upon fair terms; and let her for her-
self determine whether she will accept the country
as it now is. He would say, however, that it was
probably not in much different condition in that
respect from what it would have been if we had
never had a treaty for it; or even if there had been
no war with Mexico at all. Before the war, Cali-
fornia was full of adventurers from the United
States, and elsewhere, and they were there m a
state of insurrection against the constituted au-
thorities of the country, mustered under what they
called the " Bear Flag." These " gold diggings"
would have attracted more foreigners, whether the
title had remained nominally m Mexico, or been
transferred nominally to the United States. We
could but make the offer. We could at least try
to seek this door of escape from the consequences
of an extension of territory, likely to be fraught
with mischief and dangers in a thousand forms,
and disturbing the peace, and endangering the in-
tegrity of the nation.
Mr. ROOT moved to amend the amendment by
striking out all that part which provided for re-
taining- the bay of San Francisco, [inserted above
in brackets.]
He said he should so vote in committee as to
bring this question before the House. He was
particularly anxious that gentlemen should have
the opportunity to define their positions. Inas-
much as they did not keep a record of their pro-
ceedings in committee, it was necessary to bring
this question into the House, where a record was
kept, so tfiat gentlemen could make their remarks.
The CHAIRMAN interposed, and requested
the gentleman to confine his remarks to the expla-
nation of his amendment. The Chair did not see
the relevancy of the gentleman's remarks.
Mr. ROOT said they might be relevant, not-
withstanding; and if the Chair would allow him to
proceed a moment, it might so appear.
He did not believe (he continued) that weshould
gain anything, either in national character or in
national faith, by mincing this matter. It was all
right or all wrong. If we wished to keep clear of
these Territories, let us not have anything to do
with them; let us not attempt to retain the bay of
San Francisco, to be the subject of difficulty here-
after. The question was, not whether we should
have these Territories; the question was, whether
we should pay for them after we got them. We
could not restore them to Mexico. As the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means had
said, we could not drive off the American citizens
•who had gone there. It would be an easier matter
to conquer all the rest of Mexico than to drive
out of theseTeintoues our citizens who were now
th&re, and who wers going there.
Mr. ROOT withdrew his amemdment, to give
Mr. Gentry the opportunity to make some re-
marks.
Mr. GENTRY renewed the amendment of the
I ulation out of our discoveries, unless she should
I pay us all that we have paid her, a d expended
I upon the war—a war that all the people of the
United States, and all the world beside, did now,
gentleman from Ohio. He said he did it for the j 0r soon would, acknowledge to be just and ri^ht
 ,i,nt „„,h „n f„,. tv>„ 0l. it might be that those Bridsh bondholders—
who it was said had a mortgage on California 
were desirous of getting it into their hands, as the'
surest way of getting back the money due them by
Mexico.
' For himself, he said, he claimed the acquisition
| of too much value to the people of the United
i States to part with it for any consideration, and
| could not believe any such proposition would meet
| with favor anywhere, unless it would be by those
I speculators he had alluded to, but who, he hoped,
! would find few aiders and abettors in Congress.
; Mr. BOTTS moved the following amendment
' to the amendment of Mr. Schenck:
purpose of stating, that with all respect for the
gqptlemen who moved this amendment, [Mr.
Schenck,] he felt himself constrained to say that
he considered it the most absurd and preposterous
proposition that could possibly have been presented
t) the consideration of this committee. He appre-
ciated all the difficulties to which the- gentleman
referred, which had been brought upon this coun-
try in consequence of the war with Mexico, and of
the treaty which terminated the war. Great as
those difficulties might be,-though they might be
of a character which threatened the very existence
of this Republic, it was not in this way that they
were to be evaded or overcome; nor yet by refusing
to make the appropriations which we had agreed
to make in the treaty of peace which we had con-
cluded with Mexico. What? Retrocede these
Territories to Mexico ! Did Mexico want them ?
If she did want them, and we were to retrocede
them, she could never regain the ascendency with-
in these Territories. Would we cede to Mexico
those citizens of the United States who, under the
implied guarantees of the Government, had gone
there with all the assurances of protection to life,
liberty, and property, which these implied guar-
antees gave? Would we leave them to the ten-
der mercies of the laws of Mexico? Would we
hand them over to -endless war with Mexico for
their independence? for they never would submit
to pass under the jurisdiction of the Mexican Gov-
ernment. Preposterous and absurd in the extreme,
and beyond description, was the proposition made
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck.] We
were to grapple these d;liicultics, and overcome
them. He would not thus escape or evade them.
Furthermore, the proposition of the gentleman
Provided, however, That if such negotiation should not
succeed, then the sum of three millions seven Imudred and
tvvenly thousand dollars is hereby appropriated out of any
money in the treasury not otherwise ajipropnated, for the
purpose of canying into execution (m part) of the twellth
article of the treaty between the United States and Mexico,
made and concluded at Guadalupe Hidalgo on the 2d day of
February,in theyearotourljordeighteenllundred and forty-
eight, arid for payment of the instalment and interest whicli
will fall due under said article on the thirtieth day of May,
in the year of our Loid eighteen hundred and fitly, the sura
of three millions five hundred and forty thousand dollars.
Mr. McLANE. That is out of order.
Mr. BOTTS. Why is it out of order? Is it
out of order to pay the .amount stipulated for by
the treaty ?
Mr. McLANE raised the point that the amend-
; ment was out of order.
Mr. BOTTS called upon the gentleman~to reduce
his point of order to writing.
Mr. McLANE. The point of order is upon the
amendment, and that is in writing.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment in or-
froin Ohio was the very wise and proper one, if if der,under the decision of the committee, although,
we indeed intended to adopt the policy contempla- ' he said, his own opinion differed.
ted by the gentleman. It was proposed to with
hold the payment of the moneys which we had
agreed to pay m consideration of the property; and
yet the gentleman modestly proposed that we
should retain the only portion of that territory
which was worth a cen t—the bay of San Francis-
co, and all the tributary waters theieof—all that
portion which contained the glittering gold to which
the gentleman referred. This woulu be national
infamy, national dishonor, national folly, such as
had no parallel in the history of nations, it was
an impossibility. It was an absurdity.
The question was taken, and the amendment of
Mr. Root to the amendment was adopted.
Mr. BROWN, of Pennsylvania, offered the fol-
lowing amendment:
Proudcd, That in addition to the sums lieicin mentioned,
the Govurrnui'iit ot ^uill pay, or provide lor the pay-
ment of', one hundred million* ot dollars to the United States,
as a ju&t compensation lor the expenses ot the late war.
Mr. BROWN said he did not suppose there was
any serious expectation entertained by any one
Mr. BOTTS said he had not intended to submit
any rertfarks in explanation of his amendment.
He would simply state to the House, that the ob-
ject and the effect of the amendment was, to pro-
vide for the appropriation contained in the original
bill, in the event of the negotiation not succeeding;
and he only offered it to provide against that con-
tingency.
Mr.1 SCHENCK said he "would accept the
amendment as a modification of his own amend-
ment.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan, raised the point of
order against the proposition of Mr. Botts, that
it proposed to reinstate the very subject-patter
which, if it were adopted, would be voted out, and
for which other matter would be substituted.
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order.
Mr. SCHENCK repeated that he would mod-
ify his amendment by accepting the proposition of
Mr. Botts.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, inquired, if a vote
- ,, had not been taken upon the amendment to the
that Mexico would take back California, with the amendment, and if it was now m the power of the
people who were now there, and going there, if |j gentleman from Ohio to modify his amendment?
we were to offer it to her for nothing, with the jj Mr. SCHENCK inquired if itwould be in order
intention ot governing it hersell: instead of gov- jj for him, after this modification of his amendment,
erning California, it would soon govern her. But, j| to make a few remarks upon the words "prepos-
he said, there weie around these Halls and m jj terous and absurd," and other terms found in the
Washington, a number of speculating gentlemen, | vocabulary which had been employed by the gen-
all anxious of makmg large fortunes out of the
Government of the United States, by constructing
great railroads, or selling large tracts of country
to the United States; and it may be some of these
have been whispering in the ear of the gentleman
from Oluo that a splendid fortune might be made
out of this retranster of California and New Mex-
ico to Mexico. One of those very gentlemen who
deal in large schemes mentioned to him but a day
or two since, in speaking of the very matter em-
braced in the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio, that he would take California alone from
our Government, and pay, or secure the payment
of, all the expenses of the late war—all we had
paid and were to pay Mexico, and a handsome
bonus besides.
Its gold was very tempting, no donbt, to all spec-
ulators and JLlnush bondholders; and if Mexico
were to consent to take it back, it would only be
t) sell it again :o some of them. Such being the
case, he (Mr. B.) thought we ought not to let her
have the opportunity to make so profitable a spec-
tleman from Tennessee?
The CHAIRMAN replied in the negative, and
announced the question to be upon the amendment
of Mr. Schenck* as modified.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, raised the point of or-
I der, that after a vote had been taken upon the
j amendment to the amendment, and the committee
, had already adopted a modification of the amend-
| ment of the gentleman from Ohio, it was not now
i in the gentleman's power to modify it.
j Mr. B*OiTS called the gentleman from Georgia
; to order, and wanted to know if any gentleman on
that side of the House took an appeal from the
decision of the Chair?
Mr. COBB said he wanted to know what the
decision of the Chair was. He had understood
the Chair to say that it would be m order for the
, gentleman from Ohio to modify his proposition, in
'the event that no vote had been taken; and he iiad
j risen and refreshed the memory of the Chair by
i stating that a vote had been taken upon the amend-
i ment of the gentleman's colleague, and after that,
