562
TJHPS CONGRESSIONAL, GLOBE.
Feb. 20,
are disposed to agitate these subjects. I would
suggest to them at least to be modestly silent}-and,
if possible, give the amendment their support. Let
us have some kind of unity upon this important
matter, and extend to these Territories that degree
of protection which duty to ourselves, to our neigh-
bors, and to our nation would seem to demand. I
shall feel exceedingly gratified to know that our
high duty to the country has been discharged by
the Congress of the United States, if not by the
pass'age of this amendment, by adopting something
of the kind by*which a government, to some extent,
shall be extended to that Territory.
At present I shall not make any further observ-
ations. i have offered this amendment with, I
believe, good motives; such as I hope to be gov-
erned by in my future action while I have the
honor to sit here. Others may misconstrue my
motives; but whatever construction may be put
upon them I care not, so long as T feel assured that
those motives are pure, and that I have used my
humble efforts in discharging the obligations I owe
to my country and to that far-off Territory.
Mr. BELL, I desire to offer an amendment to
that amendment. I am well aware that the circum-
stances under which I offer, this amendment are
somewhat embarrassing to *the Senate as well as
awkward to myself. It is a subject to which I
have turned my attention, and one on which I
some time ago desired to express my views at
large. I think, sir, that I perceive (by the light
of my experience with regard to the progress of
business whenever we arrive at this period of the
last session of every Congress) that indications are
given by the votes of Senators in relation to a bill
reported by a select committee upon this subject,
that all the discussion and consideration which
this measure, in any shape, shall receive at the
hands of the Senate, will be upon the present bill.
I shall, therefore, ask the indulgence of the Senate,
even though I travel a little out of the regular course
of parliamentary proceeding in offering this amend-
ment, or in the discussion of it.
Mr. ATCHISON desired the decision of the
Chair as to a question of order involved in the offer-
ing of the amendment by the Senator from Ten-
nessee; but, at the request of the Senator, with-
drew it.
Mr. BELL. I am aware that in taking this
course I shall not meet the approbation of many
Senators on both sides of the Chamber. It is my
wish and my policy to conciliate the Senate, with
reference to myself especially; but I do not often
trouble the Senate. I have endeavored as much as
possible to confine my sphere, with reference to
this body, to that branch of business which has
boen consigned to me as a member of the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs.
With these remarks I will send my amendment
to the Chair, and move that all those sections or
portions of sections of the amendment of (lie Sen-
ator £rom Wisconsin which are inconsistent with
the provisions of the amendment which I shall
offer, shall be stricken out, and the following sec-
tion added. I beg leave to state that I offer it m
the most simple form, and for the purpose of test-
ing the sense of the Senate in that form, with a
view to modify it, or to offer another amendment,
altogether in a different form, with the same sub-
stantial views as the present* and which will give
p.n opportunity of testing the sense of the Senate
in every shape in which it can be presented.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Sec.—. Jlndheit further emoted, That all that portion
of the territory of the Untied States ai quired by the treaty
of peace, friendship, and limn?., and settlement with the
K*pubhe ol Mexico, concluded the 2d or* February, 1848,
which lies west of thy Kio del Norte, and a line runiiin<j due
noiln Horn the liead-watejv <>i the ^aui uver until it strikes j
the 42d pai.illH oi north latitude, lonn one State, to be
known <md design ued by the name and title of " the fcJute ,
of C ihform.i,''and the !•> hereby admitted into rhe*
TJninn on an equal footing in all inspects with the ouginal
States.
►Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the United States
reserve to'them-elvcy all light of ptoperty in tiic un.wpio-
priated lauds and other propel ty in ihe torntoiy admitted
into-the Union as a Snte by the preceding section of tins
bill, fiee from all laves and a-sessments of eveiy kind by
said State, and aUo the power of disposing of the -:an: , and
of adjusting all claims and tale to lands derived under any
foreign Government in &ueh manner as Congress shall p.e-
senbe; and nothing contained in said section slwli he so
construed as to limit and impairthe rights and powers here-
by reserved to the United States in an) mamiei whatsoever.
>Sec, —. sbiA be it further enacted, That there shall be
established in said State two judicial districts, to be known
as the eastern and western districts of California ; and ail
that portion of eaia State lying west of the Rio del Norte,
and the line running due north from- the head-waters of
the same to the 43d parallel of north latitude, and east of
the meridian of west longitude from Washington, shall
be the eastern district; afod. all that portion lym^ west of
said meridian shall be the western district; and^there shall
be appointed a district judge for each of said districts, who
shall be entitled to receive a salary of $ each, and
who shall hold three sessions of their respective courts
annually, commencing in each district on the first Mon-
days of June, October, and February; the distuct judge of
the eastern distuct, until otherwise provided by law, shall
hold his —r court at , and the district judge of the
western district at San Francisco; and said judge shall have
the powers and jtmadrction given bylaw to the judges of
the delict of Kentucky, under an act entitled "An act to
establish the judicial courts of the United States, and an
act in addition to an act to establish the judicial courts of
the United States," approved 2d March, 1793, and the act
supplementary theieto; said judges shall appoint then own
clerk, who shall reside and keep the records of said courts
at the places of holding the same, and shall receive for ser-
vices perfoimed by him the same fees to which the cleik of
the district of Kentucky is entitled for similar services.
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further cnarted, That there shall be
appointed a marshal and district attorney for each of said
districts; the marshals shall peiform the same duties, he
subject to ilieb.ime rt guldtionsund penalties, and be entitled
to the same fee^ a* are provided and preset iht-ri by Ihe inai-
shals of other districts, and shall in addition be entitled to
the sum of$-200 as a compensation tor all extra services; and
the district attorneys, in addition to their stated fees as now
pre^enbed bylaw to other district attorneys, shall be paid
$200.
Sec- —. J2ndhe.it further enacted. That the said State of
California, until the next census and apportionment, shall be
entitled to two representatives in the Congress of the United
States.
Mr. BELL. Mr. President 
Mr. BUTLER. Is the gentleman in order? I
cannot understand why the amendment offered by
the honorable Senator from Wisconsin was in or-
der; for it is a motion to ingraft upon the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill a plan for a tem-
porary government. But, sir, who would expect,
who would be piepared to meet upon an appro-
priation bill an amendment of this kind, to admit
a State info the Union > I was notprepared for it;
and how could any Senator, expecting the ordi-
nary forms of legislation, come here prepared to
act upon this, unless some notice was given—un-
less the ordinary notice was observed? 1 do not
know that it is in order to debate this question; but
I will ask whether the amendment is in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. In the opinion of
the Chair, the amendment is in order. If there is
any doubt upon the point, the Chair Would very
much prefer that there should be an appeal.
Mr. HALE. I will take that appeal.
Mr. WEBSTER. I have no doubt that the
Chair is right in his decision. I know that we do
make ail sorts of laws, and incorporate them into
appropriation bills, i know but one way to take
the opi^on of the Senate, whether this question
should now be discussed in this form. 1 do not
know whether that is according to the rules and
forms of the Senate. It is, to move to lay this
proposed amendment upon the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Tennessee has ihe floor, and cannot be interrupted
to make that motion.
Mr. BELL. 1 should be very happy to hear
the sense of the Senate upon the question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the gentleman
from New Hampshire take an appeal?
Mr. HALE. I do.
Mr. BELL. Is it not too late ?
Mr. BUTLER. I presume I was too much in
a hurry in making my suggestion. I yield, sir,
and will now withdraw my point of order.
Mr. BERRIEN. Mr. Piesident, I apprehend
that the point of ohler cannofbe withdrawn by
the Senator from South Carolina, after an appeal
is taken. This is a question which I hope the
Senate will decide.
The VICE PRESIDENT ruled that the Sen-
ator from South Carolina had a light to withdraw
his objection.
Mr. HALE. I think it is not competent for the
Senator from South Carolma.to withdraw his ques-
tion of order, now that an apoeal is taken.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
take an appeal fiom this question also?
Mr. KALE. I believe I will, sir.
Mr. CALHOUN. I do not intend to argue the
constitutional part of this question at this time; but
surely there ought to be some principle by which
to regulate the question of the congruity of an
amendment with the original proposition. 1 think
the rule is laid down by Mr. Jefferson. Although
the Chair cannot decide the question of congruity,
it is in the power of the body to decide it. It
comes to the body to decide, now th^t the appeal
has been taken from the decision of the Chair. I
appeal to this Senate, that if there ever was a case
of incongruity, this is one.
. Mr. BELL. I call the Senator to order.
Mr. CALHOUN. If ever there was a case  
Mr. BELL. That is not the question, sir; the
Senator is certainly out of order. He is not dis-
cussing the question of the appeal, whether the
Senator from South Carolina had a right to with-
draw his objection after an appeal had been taken.
The question upon the appeal first made by the
Senator from New Hampshire is not now pending
before the Senate. . *x
Mr. CALHOUN. I am sure that the Senator
from Tennessee has not understood me. 1 stated 9
that if my memory served me, Mr. Jefferson lays
it down that, although the Chair cannot decide the
question of incongruity, it belongs to the body to
decide it.
Mr. BELL. If the Senator will allow me, the
rule is that it cannot be ruled out of order. It may
be an argument for the Senate to reject the amend-
ment, when they come to vote upon it, if they
think liris incongruous, and foreign to the bill be-
fore the Senate. It is the exercise of judgment
when the Senate come tu vote upon the proposi-
tion. The rule of parliamentary law is clear, that
you may so amend any bill or proposition that
comes before you, as to present a totally different
subject, or to present the same subject in a very
different aspect from that presented m the original
proposition, so that, in fact, the original mover
would not know his own proposition. These are
the valuable privileges of every legislative body m
relation to amendments, in order to get rid of ob-
noxious and mischievous propositions.
Mr. CALHOUN. Mr. President, what I said
wes. that when a question of this kind is brought
to the Chair, and the Chair decides that it is not
out of order, and an appeal is made from that de-
cision, it belongs to the Senate to say whether it
shflH waste its time in combining measures so
diiectly opposite in their character as these; wheth-
er we shall waste our time at this late period of the
session, in discussing one of the most momentous
questions that can be brought before us in an ap-
propriation bill; and especially since, when we
have taken a position, the bill itself may be lost,
or coercion may be applied to Senatois to vote in
favor of a measure which, under other circum-
stances, they would not vote for. Now, sir, I have
no doubt that every Senator will admit the entire
incongruity, and that they will vote at once upon
the subject, and not waste, our time, and reserve
their vote until after the discussion.
Mr. PHELPS. I do not know, sir, that I un-
derstand precisely the question before the Senate.
Mr. BELL. Mr. President, I shall insist that
the debate shall be confined to the question before
the Senate, because every remark which is made,
such as those of the Senator ftom South Carolina,
tends to prejudice the body and the public against
this motion of mine, and I shall have no opportu-
nity to answer it.
Mr. PHELPS. I understand the first decision
of the Chair to be this: that the amendment offered
by the Senator from Tennessee to the amendment
offered by the Senator from Wisconsin is in order.
The Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale]
I understood to appeal from the first decision. The
Senator from South Carolina [Mi. Butler] I un-
derstood then to oiler to withdraw his question of
order. The Chair decided that it was competent
for the Senator from South Carolina to withdraw
the point of order. On that decision of the Chair
I understood the Senator from New Hampshire
also to appeal. Now, sir, if I am right m this view
of the subject 
Mr. BELL. That is the only question—the
appeal.
Mr. PHELPS. If I am right upon this subject,
the question now before the Senate is this: whether,
after the question of order is raised, the Chair has
decided, and an appeal is taken, it is competent
for the member who. first raised the question of
order to withdraw it? That 1 understand to be the
question before the Senate.
Mr. BUTLER. If the Senator from Vermont
will allow me, I will explain. The former motion
itsfelf was out of order, ^withdrew the question of
order because I did not wish to reduce a matter of
this kind to a technical point of order.
Mr. PHELPS. I merely rose, Mr. Presided.
