1849.
THE CQ^GBESSIOMAL GLOBE.
to ascertain whether rny view of the real question
before the Senate is correct. If it be, I have no
hesitation in saying that I believe the decision of
the Chair to be wrong. If the question" of order
is raised, and decided, by the Chair, that decision
becomes the law of the Senate, unless an appeal is
taken. If an appeal is taken, raising the question
what the law of the Senate is, I hold it is not com-
petent for the" member who raised the question of
order to make that decisibn of the Chair of no
effect by withdrawing his objection. - If the Chair
has decided,-and in the opinion of the Senate the
decision of the Chair is erroneous, it is impossible
for the member who happened to raise the ques-
tion of order to withdraw the objection. It cannot
be done, ' ,
Mr. YULEE, Mr. President, if I understand
it, the Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Btjtler]
renews his original appeal. I presume, therefore/"
sir 
Mr. BUTLER. I did not take any appeal. I
merely raised a question of order.
Mr. YULEE. The gentleman, then, raised a
question of order, and afterwards withdrew it,
thereupon the question of order was raised, wheth-
er he had a right to withdraw it? As he has re-
newed it, I presume the issue now rises, whether
the amendment proposed- by the Senator from Ten-
nessee is in order?
Mr. HALE, I would like to know, sir, the po-
sition of the question, that we may know how we
stand with referenced this subject I do not un-
derstand that it is competent for the Senator from
South Carolina, in the shape in which this ques-
tion presents itself to the Senate, to renew it. I
hold that he cannot withdraw this new question of
order which is presented. The question is stated.
An appeal is takefr. The decision of the Chair is
that, with that appeal pending, the member may
withdraw what is fairly and legitimately before the
Senate. The rule is, that no member can with-
draw a motion of his own making white it is
before the Senate- By a much greater force of
reasoning, it appears to me that a Senator cannot
withdraw a question raised by another Senator
while it is pending. Such consequences would
follow as have been stated by the Senator from
Vermont. It was suggested by the honorable Sen-
ator -from Massachusetts [Mr.- Webster] that
there have been a great many decisions in this
Senate. I hold in my hand one which I wish to
refer to, and I think it will elucidate the doctrine
cif parliamentary law as laid down by the distin-
guished President of this body, and as sustained
by it. It is in the Journal of the Senate of April
24, 1848. A Senator was called to order for char-
ging another with introducing measures''into the
Senate for his own amusement. It was decided
that that was in order, and that a member charging
another with introducing measures into this body
for his own amusement was not out of.order.
Now, sir, I suppose that if the Senator from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Bell] has introduced this into the
body for no purpose more censurable than to
amuse himself, it will be germane to the bill.
But there is a question even more important be-
fore us than that; and it is, whether it is in the
power of a member, after having raised a question
of order, from the decision of which an appeal has
been taken, to withdraw it without leave' of the
body? My question is not whether the member
who makes that appeal may withdraw it, but
whether the member who made the objection in
the first instance has a right, after an appeal is
taken, to withdraw his point of order, and take the
appeal with it? That is the question, sir; and I
consider it a very important question. It may have
a very important bearing upon the privileges of,
this body, as a deliberative assembly; because the
power which I regard 'as existing in the body,
would be all in your hands^sir, in conjunction
with any member who chose, in such a state of
the case, to withdraw his objection, and take the
appeal with it. I hope the opinion of the Senate
will be taken upon that question.
Mr. BELL Mr. President', I am very sorry,
sir, tb find this extreme concern at the introduc-
tion of this proposition; but I will say nothing
further upon that subject. I trust that, before I
have done, I shall have satisfied gentlemen of the
singleness of purpose with which I have brought
forward this amendment.
I stated before, sir, th'at I was not inclined to
insist upon the proposition in the present shape. If
it shall be, disagreeable to the Senate as it is, I am
prepared to modify and change it according to the
sense of the Senate, keeping the substantive object
o&this proposition still in view. Now, sir, t do
not often interfere, as I have stated already, in the
business of this body of any description, and still
less do I interfere with the proceedings and rules
of order. But, sir, I have read the rules of the
Senate, and I have some little experience in par-
liamentary law applicable to these rules in other,
bodies, as well as in this; .and I am far too old and
experienced a parliamentarian to have brought
forward an amendment of this description, know-
ing the fate of the bill of the honorable Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas]—X say I am too old
and experienced in my business here to have
brought it forward, unless I knew I was fortified
by the parliamentary law of Congress and of the
Senate, upon mere questions of order. The Presi-
dent of the Senate, upon, a motion made by the
Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] has
already decided that the proposition of the Senator
from Wisconsin [Mr. Walker] was in order.
There was no appeal from that; no incongruity m
that proposition wilh the body of this bill was
substantiated. That was not a matter foreign to
the general objects of the bill; and there was no
thought of taking objection upon the ground of
inconsistency or incongruity. But the first time
the proposition is made to amend that which does
not satisfy the views or expectations of'Senators,
honorable members have raised the question of
order, consistency, and congruity. . * *
But, Mr. President, what would be incongruous
to the bill, now under consideration? • Why, sir,
you might denominate it a bill for the purpose of
raising 'the salaries, or increasing the salaries of
some of the officers of the Government. It is a
bill to authorize the construction of a new wing,
an additional building for the Patent Office; it is a
bill authorizing the Government to dispense medals
to the Indian tribes, and for how many other pur-
poses it is unnecessary for me to-say; to do so, I
should have to review the bill. I merely mention
these features because they occur first to my
mind. Sir, this bill is not a unit with regard to
its object from beginning to end. You have made
about a score of appropriations, in conformity
with the existing law of the land, in this bill and
in the amendments that have been made to ib
Pray, to what part of this bill shall this amend-
ment be said to be incongruous? The Senate has
incorporated into this bill everywhere appropria-
tions for new objects. The amendment of the
Senator from Wisconsin is in relation to these ter-
ritories. That is decided to be in order, and is
my amendment incongruous to that? It has the
same object. And I pt%pose to let that amend-
ment, if adopted by the Senate, or such portion of
it as may he adopted, stand incorporated in the
bill. The question is to be tested as its con-
gruity with the bill. And when you come to ex-
amine the body of the bill, I defy Senators to say
what it is, except that it is a bill for the appropri-
ation of money according to the existing law of
the land. But this question of concordance can-
not be drawn into the vortex of the rules of order.
This is the doctrine laid down in the Manual by
Mr. Jefferson. The amendment may be amended
so as toraliy to alter the proposition, and it fe a
mode that is sometimes adopted, of getting rid of
a proposition, to move such an amendment that
the mover of the original proposition, if the amend-
ment prevail,'cannot vote for his own proposi-
tion thus amended. Yes, sir, it is a mode that
is often resorted to of getting rid of a proposi-
tion that can only be got rid of in that way. A
new bill may be ingrafted upon the words "be it
enacted;" all the rest of the original bill having
been stricken out. Now, in relation to mysrlf',
I have stated already that I felt greatly embar-
rassed in offering this proposition. It is out of its
usual course. 1 acknowledge itisoutof the strictly
proper course to append to this bill items of ap-
propriation which are not authorized by laws
already in existence; but the practice of the Senate
has not been confined to the rigid observance of
such rule; indeed, there is no rule of the Senate
making such Appropriations out of order. When
I consfdered the period of the session at which we
have arrived, and the indications which I saw
around me, 1 sa\y, or thought I saw, that this
would be the only opportunity for obtaining the
action of the Senate upon the subject of this amend-
ment; and I therefore proposed,to incorporate it in
this bill, I had no design, even if it were the-will
df a majority of this -body to'do so, to make the
civil and diplomatic bill «tand or fall in fhe~ House
of Representatives by their concurrence Or non-con-
currence in the amendment which I have offered.
I have proposed it in this place from the necessity
of the case; judging from what I see going on- in
the Senate, I have come to the conclusion,
order to have it acted upon at all, it'was necessary
to move it as an amendment to this bill. To ex-
cuse myself I have already said, that with regard
to the precise form of the amendment, having the
substance in view, I was ready to modify it, and if
it should not be made after all agreeable to the
Senate,it will be in their discretion to vote it down,
when the vote shall have been arrived at, and they
may place that voteupon what ground they please;
vthat theyare in favor of the measure, bntthat they
will not incorporate it in the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill in order to coerce the House.
Senators may place their votes where they please;
they are not embarrassed in legard to it, for it will
be perfectly parliamentary for them to do so.
I make these observations partly in reply to the
honorable SenatoVfrnm South Carolina, who com-
plains—and the other Senator from South Carolina
also complains—that notice has not been given of
the intention to move such an amendment as this,
^especially in regard to a matter of so much-import-
ance, in an appropriation bill. Sir, has not the
proposition been pendingfor two months substan-
tially in the Seriate? Notice of it was given on the
first day of the session, by the Senator from Illi-
nois. Has it not been before the Judiciary Com-
mittee, and before a select committec^of this body?
Yet'Senators come forward and complain of sur-
prise, and say that this is a strange method ofintro-
ducing it. Sir, a word in reference to the propriety
of introducing it here, and in reply, in advance, to
the arguments of those Senators who may choose to
place their votes upon the ground that it is incon-
gruous. It is in order, it is parliamentary, it is ac-
cording to precedent and parliamentary practice in
England, whence we derive most of our precedents.
Ordinarily, I should desire to confine our proposi-
tions of amendment to bills with the subject of
which such propositions were congruous, having
the main object of the bill in view, and it would
be better to bring up this proposition separately,
and have it so considered; but f beg Senators,
when they come to vote upon this amendment,
not to place their votes upon the ground "that it
is incongruous or different from the ordinary prac-
tice, or that it seems to require the Jlouse to adopt
the proposition, or else to reject the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill. For I, for one, not-
withstanding the importance I attach to giving a
government to these Territories, consider it of far
more importance that the interest of the people of
this Union and of the Government here should not
suffer; and I should be very far from giving my
vote for such propositions if I thought that it would
have the effect of compelling the House to reject
the appropriation bill. I have no desire to em-
barrass the Senate, and I beg Senators not to differ
with me as to the propriety of the mode in which
I have introduced the proposition, until they have
heard nTe in regard to it, and know the conciliMary
feelings that I possess m reference to the deSBron
of this matter. I would withdraw the proposition
without asking for a vote upon it, if I could find or
believe that it was the general sense of the Senate
to adopt no such measure as this. 1 would in such
case pledge myself so far as to withdraw the prop-
osition. I trust", under tfiese circumstances, that
it will not be considered a violation of parliament-
ary practice, and -that Senators will consent, for
the sake of convenience, to dispense with the rigid
forms of practice in regard to a motion of this
description; for if they exclude the motion because
they find it in this case unpalatable, ihey will have
the precedent rising up against them hereafter, on
other occasions, when it may be desirable that
such a proposition should be entertained. It has
been the parliamentary practice in England for
many years, and h*s been found to be the J^est
for securing the privileges of legislative bodies.
Mr. BUTLER. I beg to say a word or two in
relation to the question of order that I have raised.
I am satisfied tVi? the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Tennessee finds no precedent any-
where, ' You will recollect that the Senator from
Illinois gave notice on the fxit day of the session
