1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
every other important measure not absolutely es-
sential to the preservation of the Government, or
to continue its machinery in motion. There are
those who are obstinately opposed to the consid-
eration of the California bill, and who are deter-
mined, if possible, to prevent its being; taken up
during this session, for fear, among other things,
that it will consume so much time as to render it
impossible for the Senate to act upon other im-
portant measures. I have expressed myself to my
friends for several days past, that if the California
question were only disposed of one way or the
■other, it would facilitate business; that if it. were
•taken up for consideration, discussed, and voted
down, or adopted and sent to the other House, we
would get along with the public business much
more rapidly than we do now. It is still my opin-
ion that it is the fear of the apparition of that Cal-
ifornia bill that produces delay. No one has im-
puted improper motives to me in bringing forward
this amendment. It is all parliamentary, and has
been so declared by the Senate, and we who are
in favor of it desire to be heard upon it. But it is
the privilege as well as the duty of those who con-
' sidered the bill reported from the Select Committee
by the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] to be
objectionable, to oppose my amendment. I cannot
object to their opposition, and shall not expect
their cooperation. All I ask is, that I may be
heard.
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President, I would simply
say, in reply to the allusion made by the Senator
from Tennessee to myself, that so far as I am con-
cerned, and I believe many others, there is no
objection to hearing the Senator from Tennessee.
Weall listen to him on every occasion with respect,
with delight, and with admiration. But I feared
that the attempt to ingraft his proposition upon the
one submitted by the Senator from "Wisconsin
£Mr. Walker] might have the effect—in a man-
ner very well known to the Senator and easy to
conjecture—of defeating all action upon this sub-
ject at the present session of Congress. Knowing
that the Senator was really desirous to have some
•action, and the most extended action upon this
subject, I had hoped that whilst he would have
embraced the opportunity, which he could legiti-
mately do, of expressing his views at any length
that mi ht be agreeable to his own taste upon the
proposition of the Senator from Wisconsin, he
would not hazard that proposition, as I think he
does, by constraining the Senate to come to a vote
wpon his amendment.
Mr. BELL. Mr. President, I [did not suppose
that the course of the honorable Senator from Mis-
sissippi was actuated by any other than those fair
■and magnanimous motives which always charac-
terize his actions.
One word in reply to the Senator from New Jer-
sey, [Mr. Dattos.] If the proposition of the
Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Walker] be once
adopted, it cannot be amended; and if my propo-
sition is withdrawn at this stage of the bill, and
postponed till the California bill comes up, we shall
have to insert a section to repeal some of the pro-
visions of the bill now before the Senate. There
are embarrassments both ways. I know my duty
to myself too Well not to know that I ought not to
press any measure, that I ought not to take any
•course, decidedly against the wish of the Senate,
' or of a large majority of its members. But, sir, I
am in this unfortunate condition on this subject,
that honorable Senators have taken ground with
regard to my object in offering this amendment
before they have heard me. To hear and then
condemn, I think, is the paft of justice and liber-
ality at least, to say nothing of courtesy. But,
notwithstanding the impediment which I have
named, if the "Senate will, by general consent—I
cannot suppose it will be unanimous—agree that
when this bill is passed they will take up the Cali-
fornia bill reported by the select committee, I will
with °reat pleasure meet the wishes of the Senate.
Ml ATHERTON. Mr. President, perhaps it
is proper for me to say, in connection with the sug-
gestions which have be^tt made by the Senators
from New Jersey [Mr. Dayton] and Tennessee,
[Mr. Bell,] that I thought it my duty to raise the
question of order; but 1 must confess that I had
not much confidence in it, and I did not take an
appeal from the decision of the Chair declaring that
the Senator from Tennessee was in order. 1 con-
ceived that it was a question of consistency and
not of order. Sir, vfre have no rules of the Senate
guarding our appropriation bills. The rules of the
other House do guard them with considerable
strictness; and in that body it is out of order to
introduce appropriations for objects not authorized
by law. The Senate have usually guarded, to a
considerable degree, against making any consideia-
ble changes of the laws in appropriation bills, from
a regard to the rights and privileges of the other
House.
It seems to me that the Senator from Tennessee
is certainly mistaken in supposing that the only
chance of getting his proposition considered is by
offering it as an amendment to the appropriation
bill. Sir, it is my opinion that he prevents many
who would be friendly to his proposition from
voting for it, on account of a regard for the rights
and privileges of the House of Representatives.
We have taken the ground here that we would
not be dragooned, through appropriation bills, into
any great changes of the laws as they stand, and
it seems to me, from a consideration of what might
take place, we ought to be deterred from loading
our appropriation bills with amendments of so im-
portant a character as this. Suppose the Senate
should choose to declare war, and make it a con-
dition of the passage of an appropriation bill to
carry on the Government here, that the House j
should agree to that amendment; and suppose the j
House should agree to that, although opposed to
the declaration of war. I might also bring up the
case of the Wilmot proviso, which has been so
extensively agitated throughout the country. Sup-
pose one House should say to the other, unless
you adopt the Wilmot proviso in an appropriation
bill, we will not consent to give appropriations to
carry on the Government. It seems to me that we
ought to be deterred, from all these considerations,
from rushing into the danger of introducing so
many important amendments into the appropria-
tion bills.
I believe that if we will remain here one or two
evenings we can dispose of this bill; and then I
shall be happy to take up the bill introduced by
the honorable Senator from Illinois. I think that
the surest way of getting to a vote on that question,
and of enabling gentlemen fully to express their
ideas on that question, is to finish this bill. We
can soon finish it. There are no difficulties in the
way. I am not aware that there are any amend-
ments, which properly belong to the bill, which it
will take much time to dispose of. It only requires
a few hours of an evening session devoted to the
consideration of this bill to enable us to finish it.
And will not that subserve the purposes of the
Senator from Tennessee? No one will be more
happy to listen to him than myself to the fullest
declaration of all his-views upon the subject.
But, sir, suppose we should even adopt this
amendment, how could we, in a committee of con-
ference with the other House, supposing they con-
sidered it improper to introduce this subject into
an appropriation bill, entrenching upon their rights
and privileges—how could we, under such circum-
stances, insist upon their adoption of that amend-
ment as a condition of passing the appropriation
bili? We would certainly be obliged to recede,
and the Senator's proposition would be placed in
a disadvantageous point of view, on account of
having been put in an appropriation bill where it
did not belong.
Mr. FOOTE. Will the Senator from Tennessee
give way for a moment, that I may offer one or
two remarks in reply to the Senator from New
Hampshire [Mr. Atherton] ?
Mr. BELL. Certainly.
Mr. FOOTE. I feel bound to say, sir, that so
far as I am connected with the question mentioned
by the Senator from New Hampshire, I am pre-
pared to participate in defeating the civil and dip-
lomatic bill, if that be the penalty we have to suffer
for endeavoring to discharge our du ty on the great
subject now under consideration. Sir, I do not care
what consequences may arise from sucn action,
being perfectly persuaded it is right in itself that
we should legislate in some effectual mode for the
protection of the people of California and New
Mexico at the present session of Congress, and for
the preservation of the great national interests in-
volved in the question before us. I am prepared,
with the Senator from Tennessee, to act upon this
subject at the present session of Congress; and
now, to the limited extent proposed by the Sena-
tor from Wisconsin* who so pathetically painted,
in our hearing just now, the sufferings of our
brethren in' California and New Mexico at the
present time. I feel bound to say, in atHitiori,
that 1 shall certainly vote against the amendment
of the Senator from Tennessee, if we shall be
pressed to a vote upon it, merely from the appre-
hension that it might defeat all action at present • -
proposed, and I therefore take the liberty of ex-
pressing a desire that he shall withdraw his amend-
ment, and not force us to a vote upon it. When
the proposition for establishing State governments
shall come seasonably before us, the Senator will
find me not only ready to act with him, but zealous
in cooperating with him and others on this sub-
ject, and I shall cheerfully aid in having his prop-
osition submitted to the Senate, or the proposi-
tion brought forward by the Senator fiom Illinois
taken up for early consideration and immediate
action. . I doubt not, Mr. President, that there is
a general disposition among Senators on ^ both
sides of the Chamber to give the proposition of
the honorable Senator a fair and dispassionate
consideration at the right time hereafter.
Mr. BELL. I am, for one, sir, entirely satis-
fied to meet this subject at the present time, con-
sidering that its discussion now will be as proper
as at any other period of this session. I consider
i that in the brief time yet allotted to us for discus-
j sion, at this session, of subjects that necessarily
require consideration, we may as safely and prop-
erly act upon this question now as at any later
period. In introducing this amendment, I have
endeavored, and shall endeavor, so to confine my-
self to the subject in hand as to preserve the kind
and friendly feelings of Senators towards myself
in all that I do and say upon this matter. But the
Senate must perceive, that in addressing myself
now to the subject-matter of my amendment, I am
necessarily laid under great embarrassment from
what has already been submitted by different Sen-
ators in relation to my course of proceeding, and
that my mind has unavoidably been drawn off
fiom the main subject before the Senate, particu-
larly from the point introduced in the amendment.
If the Seriate would come to the understanding,
that after the consideration of the civil and diplo-
matic bill is concluded, this bill shall be taken up,
1 of course would be willing to acquiesce in such
an agreement; but I am informed by a number of
gentlemen that no such understanding can be en-
tered into.
Mr. FOOTE. I feel authorized to say, tiiat so
far as the gentlemen on this side of the Chamber
are concerned, they would concur with the Senator
i from Tennessee in that course of procedure.
Mr. BELL. I can only say to the Senator from
Mississippi that there is a pretty general feeling on
this side' of the Chamber adverse to such action.
Mr. YULEE. 1 cannot, for one, consent to
take up a bill relating to California at this particular
period.
Mr. BELL. I supposed that such was the feel-
ing of many Senators. I have been too long a
member of this body, and too close an observer of
the course of procedure among its members, not to
be aware, if there be any disinclination on the part
of honorable members to take up for considera-
tion and action some particular subject, of the exist-
ence of such a state of things. I fee!, therefore,
great embarrassment in my approach to the main
question before us, and that, too, because of the
peculiar circumstances which have occurred this
morning, they having a natural tendency, as every
member must readily perceive, to gieatly embarrass
my remarks upon the point at issue; I feel also an
additional embanassment resting upon me from an
apprehension in my mind, that perhaps I have lost
the good opinion and confidence of a large portion
of the Senate who were my warm personal and
political friends, because of the course I have seen
nt to adopt. * ....
I desire, Mr. President, before proceeding with
any extended remarks, to ask that in place ot the
forty-ninth degree in my amendment of north lati-
tude, that the. forty-second degree be inserted. I
desire this amendment to my proposition to be
made. Gentlemen around me—whom I rcgaid as
warm friends—state that they are very willing to
hear me upon this amendment of mine to-morrow
morning; and that, if I will consent to yield the
floor this afternoon, the other amendments to the
bill may be acted upon to-day. In relation to this
suggestion, I would simply state, that if it is the
general wish of the Senate, 1 will proceed now;
though every gentleman mu.it peiceive the embar-
