1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
documents were laid upon the table, and ordered
to be printed.
II. A letter from the Postmaster General, trans-
mitting his decision upon the claim of Daniel
Shaw and Solomon T. Corser, for carrying the
mail between Portland and Augusta, in the State
of Maine, referred to him for examination and set-
tlement by the joint resolution of June 28, 1848;
jvhich letter and decision were referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved that the House resolve
itself into Corrtmittee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, for the purpose (he said) of taking up
the post office bill.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Is it not the order of
the House to proceed to the business on the Speak-
er's table?
The SPEAKER reminded the gentleman that
debate was not in order, and propounded the ques-
tion on the motion of Mr. Kaufman.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, demanded the yeas and
nays, which were ordered by tellers, and having
been taken, were—ayes 88, noes 90.
So the House refused to go into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
PRIVATE BILLS.
- The bill for the relief of Jacob Zimmerman; and
The bill forthe relief of Major Charles Larabee,
ordered to be engrossed on the ,13th instant, were
severally read the third time and passed, and sent
to the Senate for concurrence.
■ AMERICAN ARCHIVES.
The joint resolution authorizing the distribution
of the American Archives, under the direction of
the Joint Committee on the Library, to literary in-
stitutions, ordered to be engrossed on the 13th
instant, was read the third time.
The question being on the passage of the reso-
lution—
Mr. WENTWORTH moved the previous ques-
tion; which was seconded, and, under the opera-
tion thereof, the resolution was passed.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved that the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed be recon-
sidered, and also that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
MOBILE AND OHIO RAILROAD COMPANY.
Mr. GAYLE made an inquiry of the Speaker
• relative to the situation of the bill granting the
right of way to the Mobile and Ohio Railroad
Company, pending the question upon the passage
of which, he said, the House had adjourned some
two weeks since.
The SPEAKER referred the gentleman to the
order of business as laid down in the printed cal-
endar, and said the bill could not be reached until
prior orders were disposed of.
THANKS TO GENERAL TAYLOR.
The House proceeded to the consideration of the
joint resolution of thanks to Major General Taylor,
introduced on the 3d of January, 1848, by Mr.
Houston, of Delaware.
On motion of Mr. WENTWORTH, it was
Ordered, That the said resolution be laid on the table.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved that the vote by
which the joint resolution was laid on the table be
reconsidered; and also that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table; which latter motion was agreed
to.
CLERKS IN THE PENSION OFFICE.
The House proceeded to the consideration of the
joint resolution authorizing the Commissioner of
"Pensions to employ temporarily an additional num-
ber of clerks in his office, when 
On'motion of Mr. VINTON, it was
Ordered, That the said resolution be laid on the table.
THANKS TO ARMY OFFICERS
The House proceeded to the consideration of
the joint resolution expressive of the thanks of
Congress to Generals Twiggs, Worth, Pillow,
Shields, Gluitman, Patterson, Pearce, Smith, and
Cadwalader, introduced by Mr. Chase, on the
21st of February, 1848.
On motion of Mr. TOOMBS, it waS
Ordered, That the said resolution be laid upon the table,
DUTY ON TIMBER.
The House proceeded to the consideration of the
bill to release from duty plank and timber import-
ed for the construction of plank roads, reported by
Mr. Hunt, from the Committee on Commerce, on
the 30th of March, 1848.
On motion of Mr. WENTWORTH, it was
Ordered, That the said bill be laid upon the table.
SLA.VE TRADE IN THE DISTRICT.
The House proceeded to the consideration of the
bill to prohibit the importation of slaves into the
District of Columbia with certain e^eptions, in-
troduced by. Mr. Wick on the 25th of May, 1848.
The question pending thereon being the motion
of Mr. Jacob Thompson, that the said bill be laid
upon the table—
Mr. TOOMBS moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union,
The yeas and nays were asked on that motion.
Tellers were ordered, (Messrs. Ligon and
Toombs;) and thirty-five members having voted
therefor, the yeas and nays were ordered, and
being taken, were: Yeas 90, nays 93.
So the House refused to go into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The question then recurred on the motion to lay
the said bill on the table; which having been de-
cided in the affirmative—
The said bill was laid on the table.
LAND OFFICE IN MISSOURI.
The House proceeded to the consideration of the
bill to establish an additional land office in the State
of Missouri.
The question pending being on the engrossment
and third reading of the bill, it was put and decided
in the affirmative.
And the said bill being engrossed, was accord-
ingly read the third time and. passed, and sent to
the Senate for concurrence.
DUTIES OF CONSULS AMERICAN SEAMEN.
The House proceeded to the consideration of the
bill to repeal the fifth section and seventh clause of
"An act in addition to the several acts regulating
the shipment and discharge of seamen, and the
duties of consuls," approved July 20, 1840; and
also to amend the act entitled " An act supplemen-
tary to the act concerning consuls and vice-consuls,
and for the further protection of American sea-
men," approved February 28, 1803, reported by
Mr. McKay, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, on the 14th of June, 1848.
The question pending being upon the engross-
ment of the bill—
Mr. McKAY, under instructions from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, moved the following
amendment, to come in after the first section,"viz:
Sec. 2. JLnd be it further enacted, That any officer or sea-
man may be discharged fiom any vessel of the United States
in a foreign country without pavment of the three months'
wages prescribed in the preceding section: Provided, such
officer or seaman shall be at the same time reshipped on
board another vessel of the United States, and the consul or
commercial agent of the United States shall signify his ap-
proval bygendorsing the discharge of such officer or seaman
upon the list of the crew of the vessel from which any officer
or seaman is discharged.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the master and
owner, or owners of the vessel which shall receive such
officer or seaman, shall be bound and held for the return of
such officer or seaman to the United States, being citizens
thereof, tinder the same penalties as is now provided by
law; and the bonds hereafter given for seamen shall be so
amended and construed as to include all officers or seamen
shipped, as provided m the preceding section, and the con-
sul or commercial' agent of the United States at the port of
shipment shall enter on the list of crew the names and de-
scription of all persons thus shipped.
Sec. 4. Jindbeitfurther enacted, That the twelfth clause
or section of the act entitled "An act in addition to the
several acts rewnlatin* the shipment and discharge of sea-
men, and the duties of consuls," approved July 29th, 1840,
be so amended as that all complaints m wnting to the con-
sul as therein provided, that a vessel is unseawoithy, shall
be signed by the first or the second and third officers, and a
maiority of the crew before tne consul or commercial agent
shall be' authorized to noticc such complaint, or proceed to
appoint inspectors as therein provided.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, moved that the
bill be referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. He made this motion, he
said, in order that something like justice might be
attained in the transaction of the business of the
House. He found that every day bills were passed
to a third reading, and were sent to the Senate for
its action, or, if from the Senate, became at once
the law of the land, and without delay or discus-
sion.
Yet bills on the calendar of the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, prepared
with great labor, involving heavy interests of both
General and State governments, and whole classes
of the people—bills to which no one would object,
if they knew aught about them, or could or would
hear them—were not touched at all.
He called the attention of the House, in the
most peremptory manner, to the fact and the'out-
rage, that bills were going through every day,
whilst other bills, of equal or greater utility, and
which had been pressed with fttr greater energy
and activity, and all the zeal of men on this floor,
striving and struggling faithfully to transact the
business of their constituents, were entombed on
the calendar of the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. That calendar was never
called. It had never been called for the last ten
years. The oldest members of this House never
knew the day when it was called. That calendar
stood without day. It was the grave of the busi-
ness of the House, and more particularly of the
business of young and inexperienced members, as
he had been in this Congress..
He had attempted to remedy this evil. He had
introduced a new rule; it was to set apart every
Thursday to call this calendar, to resurrect the
dead bills of this Congress—bills prepared for
every quarter, class, and general interest existing
in this Union. But the rule, though adopted at
once for its justice and reason, is defeated, because
the House will not respect it, now it is made.
When this Congress met, committees were ap-
pointed, their duties and labors assigned them.
They went to work—labored day in and day out
to mature, in the plenitude of wisdom, enactments
whenever required by the public interest, and pre-
sented them for the consideration of this House.
These bills are now on this calendar; they are
entombed—dead; for,'from the beginning to the
end of the Congress of two years, this calendar is
never called.
It was an outrage upon the whole country, and
upon the committees required to do a useless labor,
and upon all those members who diligently la-
bored upon the business of the House and in
behalf of the interests of their constituents, that
this calendar should never be called.
Mr. GIDDINGS inquired of the Speaker if
these remarks were in order?
Mr. J. coultl not help it. He wished to remark
upon the gross injustice under which he, with oth-
ers, had suffered from the beginning of this Con-
gress, and he protested. It was now almost hope-
less with him to get action on matters to him of
the highest solicitude, and such was the fate of all
young members; whilst the older and more expe-
rienced were permitted, from good nature, to smug-
gle through their matters silently, in violation of
rules providing for the reference of all public and
general bills to this calendar. He had no hope,
scarcely, of his bills. His condition was the same
with a large majority of the House. From eight
hundred to a thousand bills were in this fix.
The SPEAKER called Mr. J. to order. The
debate was irrelevant.
Mr. JOHNSON knew it would be objected to.
Mr. GRINNELL objected, and called the gen-
tleman to order.
Mr. JOHNSON was sorry—would do anything
to oblige the gentleman in the world—but must
and would denounce the systematic injustice of the
rules of the House and their method of enforce-
ment, in regard to so many interests and so large
a number of bills. He would not be turned aside
from denouncing the practice of many members
who were always objecting to the passage of bills
before this House; men who were as ignorant at
the very moment of objecting, of all the provisions
of the bills thus strangled, as an ass. It was a
shame. Gentlemen should know before they ob-
jected; but, in ignorance themselves, they wished,
perhaps, to make charactcr at home. Thus they
objected—and to the country seemed, as they are
always on the record objecting, as if they knew
more than all others, and something if not all about
everything that came up for legislation.
  The SPEAKER called the gentleman to order
Mr. JOHNSON said he thought he had a ngh
to debate the question of reference; and he gave ■
notice that he would oppose in every way the pres-
ent system; and he would move to lay on the table,
and he would object, and he would move to refer
to the same "miserable calendar to entomb every
bill that came up, except appropriation bills—so as
to put all business of this House on an equal foot-
ing, until such time as this House should consent
to take up the regular calendar, and do the busi-
ness in its natural order. He would persevere in
this.
Mr. J. was again called to order.
