1849.
Mfc CONGMESSIONAL G'Ldil.
M
of the country; and he repeated, that there was no
need for increasing the efficiency of the field ser-
vice. He would let the field officers all stay where
they were, and allow all the old officers to enjoy
their emoluments. As to the opinion of General
Scott, (he said,) it was known to be to the interest
of every officer of the Government, that the par-
ticular branch of the public service to which he
belongs should be extended and enlarged. He
was constrained, therefore, to place very little reli-
ance upon the judgment of even such a man.as
General .Scott upon the question involved in this
bill. At all our military posts, and upon all our
Indian lines, there were needed no more men than
were absolutely necessary to take carc of the vari-
ous stations. He would be willing to dispense
with all the military force of the country not re-
quired for this purpose—opposed, as he was, and
ever had been, to keeping up an expensive mili-
tary estaohshment in time of pease. A very large
number of the younger officers of the army ob-
tained promotion in the war with Mexico. Many
who went into that war as captains and lieutenants
came out of it as field officers.
He admitted that there were old men in the
army who were incapable of service; but they
ought to be continued in the service, in order that
they might be suitably taken care of. He would
have the younger members of the army to wait,
till, in the order of nature, the older ones might
make way for their promotion.
Mr. BURT said some of them had already waited
till they were fifty years of age. '
Mr. TOOMBS. - That was the difficulty.
Mr. BURT. Did you ever know a superan-
nuated officer or a superannuated judge to die ?
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 know that "it is appointed,
to all men once to die." I admit that the oider
officers of the army do not die fast enough to suit
the younger officers and satisfy their desires for
promotion. And in the community generally it
very often happens that the old people do not get
off the stage fast enough to suit the convenience of
the juniors.
He went on to show that, for a few years past
the number of promotions amongst the army offi-
cers had been much larger, in proportion to the
time which he contemplated than ever before in
the history of the Government. But there was
not room enough for the ambition of the subordi-
nate officers. That was the difficulty. The same
difficulty had alieady shown itself in the naval
service, in a demand for a retired list of naval offi-
cers, It would not be long before the same diffi-
culty would spring up in the civil service; and he
knew not why those who had spent their lives in
the civil service of the country, had not equal
claims upon the public munificence with those who
had been worn out in the military branch of the
service. The passage of this bill would establish
a principle; it would make an opening in our legis-
lation which would admit of retiring lists from
every branch of the public service, and result in a
system that would be very expensive.
When the army was filled up by the requisitions
for the war, the field service was found to be suffi-
cient. .Where, then, was the necessity of increas-
ing the promotions now, so soon after many of our
young men had won their promotions by the
sword ? Why should we now, in order to form a
retired list, make provision for promotions not re-
quired by the service?
Mr. BOWLIN also opposed the bill. It pro-
ceeded upon the principle of increasing the army,
by increasing the strength of the officers only. The
proposed retiring list was demanded by those who
were interested m pushing the old officers from
their stools. a
This proposition to form a retiring list out of
the officers of the army, was a most unnecessary
extension of the pension list. It was based upon
a principle borrowed from the corrupt governments
of other countries and other times, and which, if
it were to be sanctioned here, would become a dis-
grace to our institutions.
But in the attempt to ingraft this principle upon
ihe country, why was it that it had been deter-
mined to commence with the army ? The reason
was, because the army had so recently won the
most imperishable laurels in the Mexican war; and
it was certainly a very difficult thing now for Con-
gress to resist any application coming from the
army. Nevertheless, it was their plain duty, as
the representatives of the people, to resiat this bill,
and so take care of the public purse. For if this
bill was to be passed, applications would follow,
for an extension of the principle, and the next
Congress might pension the navy; and then their,
successors would pension the civil list. Gentle-
men, when they came to act upon a proposition
like this, should recollect that the country had not
yet paid the heavy expenses of the war. He
had been informed that, under the operation of
this bill, as large a proportion as eight out of twelve
of all the field officers of the army would be retired
on full monthly pay; and this would show what
large classes of promotions and new appointments
such a policy would involve. It would impose
upon the service an additional number of officers,
corresponding exactly to the number of officers
retired.
He trusted that the House was not going to pass
this bill as they would pass a mere private bill,
involving only the consideration of avfew dollars
He trusted that it would be sent to the Committee
of the Whole, where gentlemen of intelligence
and research might examine it, and bring to light
the corruptions of the system to which it be-
longed. He warned the House against the adop-
tion of that system. It was a most seductive and
dangerous system—a system which, if we stepped
once into it, we would be in it forever.
Mr. BURT (interposing, and the floor being
yielded) would like to say to the gentleman from
Missouri, and to the House, that this bill had
already slept for five years in Committee of the
Whole. The gentleman was wholly mistaken m
supposing that it had appe.ared only since the war
with Mexico. It was originated long before the
commenceeaent.of J,h$ war; andTTwas during the
last session of Congress that the House discharged
the Committee of the Whole from its further con-
sideration. This was done, he believed, unani-
mously; and at that time, when he was requested
to call for the passage of the bill, he preferred not
to urge, its consideration. The bill had been in
Committee of the Whole certainly long enough.
Mr. BOWLIN resumed. He had not intended
to convey the idea that the measure was entirely
new. What he intended to say was, that the
merits of the bill had not been investigated—had
never received any discussion. He knew that it
had been lying in committee, and had been per-
mitted to sleep there a long time; and his fear
was, that like the giant of the fable, it had been
refreshed and strengthened by sleeping. And this
! apprehension was raised because the bill was
I brought forward at a peculiar period of time, when
I the army was most popular, and when it was dan-
! gerous for men to trust themselves in legislating
' upon applications in its favor. The present was a
! time when inroads upon the treasury for the ben-
• efit of the army might be easily made. That was
the idea which he had before intended to convey.
But was it not strange, that this bill, which
had been so long before the House, had never yet
received any discussion ? Why should a bill be
kept out of sight, which involved a principle lead-
ing to the expenditure of millions of the public
money? This was no new matter. This principle
had grown up with the corruptions of all Govern-
ments, as fast as they became old enough and cor-
rupt enough to adopt it. He desiied, before the
House was called upon to adopt this policy, that
it should be discussed and understood, and that
examples of its opeiation should be laid before
Congress and the country. For this purpose he
would have the bill again referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union; and
then, after such mature consideration, no man
would submit more readily than himself to the
decision which might be thus obtained. But he
did insist that the bill should not be passed with-
out any deliberation at all: for whether the prin-
ciple was carried beyond the army or not, it would
certainly devolve a very heavy burden upon the
treasury. But who could believe that it would
stop there? Was not the. navy as justly popular
as the army? It was only necessary to refer back
to that glorious period of our national history,
(the year 1814,) to see our navy crowned with the
proudest laurels gained in a conflict with the first
maritime Power of the world. He could tell gen-
tlemen that the navy had as much right to a re-
tiring list as the army, and that they would have
it, if the principle should ever be adopted by Con-
gress. And then all our old civilians, who have
all their lives enjoyed the honors and emoluments
of office, and who have gained rtihre without cap-
ital than ninety-nine hundredths of our farmers
ever derive from all their capital and labor—all
these old civilians would come forward and claim
to be pensioned by the Government as a retiring
civil list.
He would resist the principle at the threshold.
He would resist it now when the shape itassumed
was the most seductive—when it was sought to be!
fixed upon us in behalf of the army, and because
the army was popular. The principle could not
be tolerated a moment, if it were sought to be ap-
plied to the civilians of the country: there was not
a man in the House that would not raise his voice
against it. He was content with submitting these
considerations, and should make no motion.
Mr. DIXON moved the previous question, on
which motion no quorum voted.
Mr. McKAY moved that the bill be laid on the
table, and asked the yeas and nays on that motion,
which were ordered, and being taken, were—yeas
127, nays 33.
So the bill was laid on the table.
Mr. McKAY moved a reconsideration of the
vote, and that that motion be laid on the table.
No objection having been made, it was ordered
accordingly.
INVALID PENSIONS.
The House proceeded to the consideration of the
bill of the House, entitled " An act to authorize
the payment of invalid pensions in certain cases,"
which was reported by Mr. Fiiltox, from the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, on the 7th of An- ,
gust, 1848.
The question being on the engrossment of said
bill—
Mi'. WENTWORTH moved the previous ques-
tion; which, by ayes 75, noes 38, was seconded.
- And the mam question was ordered to be now
ta*ken, (which main question was on ordering the
bill to be engrossed for a third reading.)
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, now raised the ques-
tion of order that, on seconding the demand for
the previous question, a quorum had not voted.
The SPEAKER said, if insisted on, another
■count would be taken.
Mr. JONES demanded another count.
And the question having been again put, the
affirmative vote was 112, noes not counted.
So there was a second. The main question was
ordered, and, being taken, the bill was.ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. WENTWORTH demanded the previous
question on the passage of the oill.
Mr. HAMMONS objected to the third reading
of the bill, (not being engrossed.}
The SPEAKER put the question to the House,
and the bill was ordered to a third reading now.
Mr. COLL AM KR called for the reading of the
bill at length, and it was read.
And the question being on its passage—
Mr. HAMMONS stated some objections which
he" entertained to the provisions of the bill, as he
understood their operation; and thought that it
required maturer examination than gentlemen had
given to it.
Mr. KAUFMAN inquired of the Speaker wheth-
er it would be in order to move a reconsideration
of the vote by which the bill had been ordered to
a third reading to-day.
The SPEAKER said it would not be in order.
The order had been already executed.
Mr. WHITE moved that the bill be laid on the
table; which motion was not now entertained.
Mr. FULTON briefly replied to Mr. Hammons,
explaining the provisions of the bill, and contend-
ing that the gentleman had been mistaken in his
understanding of their effects.
Some conversation followed between Messrs.
COLLAMERand FULTON.
Mr. WENTWORTH demanded the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved that the bill
be laid on the table, and asked the yeas and nays,
which were refused. •<
And the question was taken by tellers, (Messrs.
Kaufman and Evans of Maryland,) and decided
in the affirmative—ayes 72, noes 53.
So the bill was laid on the table.
Mr JONES moved a reconsideration of the vote,
and that that motion be laid on the table.
Nq objection having been made, it was ordered
accordingly.
