1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
< V
boundary of Texas, till he knew what he was
about.
Mr. GRINNELL explained that there was no
recognition oT the Rio Grande, or anything in the
bill relative to the boundary of Texas'.
Mr. ROOT said, no doubt that was the under-
standing of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
He remembered very well that they had been as-
sured at the last session of Congress that there was
nothing m the post route bill that could be ob-
jected to;, but when the bill came to be examined,
a majority of this House were satisfied to the con-
trary.
Mr. GOGGIN said a word in explanation of
this bill, which was? not heard by the reporter.
Mr. TH1BODEAUX explained that the collec-
tion district proposed to be established was in-
cluded in the collection district now existing.
Mr. ROOT (resuming) said all this did not sat-
isfy him of the propriety of voting upon a bill
which he could not understand, and which nobody
could understand without examining. He did not
doubt the sincerity of gentlemen who assured him
"What their understanding was; but his own and
that of other gentlemen might be different when
he came to examine the bill.
Whatever questions nughtarlse as to the western
boundary of Texas, he wished to act understand-
ing^ upon—with his eyes open. He did not wish
to commit himself. He wanted to vote right when
those questions came to be decided, but he wanted
to know upon what he was voting.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, called forthe read-
ing of the bill; which was read.
Mr. EVANS wtxs proceeding to make some re-
marks, when—
Mr. ASHMUN rose and said, as this bill was
likely to give rise to debate, and that the bill might
be printed, he moved that the House now proceed
to the business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. A. asked for tellers on his motion; who
were ordered, viz: Messrs. Ashmun and Burt—
who (the question having been taken) reported—
ayes 83, noes 68.
So, pending the business under consideration, the
House determined to proceed to the consideration
of business on the Speaker's table.
BILLS ON SPEAKER'S TABLE.
. The bill from the Senate entitled "An act to
extend the provisions of an act approved the 3d
of March, 1847, for carrying into effect the exist-
ing compact with the States of Alabama and Mis-
sissippi with regard to the five per cent, fund and
school reservations," was read twice.
Mr. COLLAMER moved to amend the bill by
striking out the word " five," in the 10th line, and
inserting " three;" which amendment was agreed
to.
The bill as amended was then read a third time
and passed,
CHANGE OF A COLLECTION DISTRICT.
The bill to transfer the towns of Vinal Haven,
North Haven, and Islesboro', from the collection
district of Penobscot to that of Belfast, in the State j
of Maine, yesterday ordered to be engrossed and I
read the third time, was read the third time. j
And the question being upon its passage— \
Mr. ASHMUN moved the previous question; !
which was seconded, and the mam question wes !
ordeied. ]
Mr. WILLIAMS moved that the bill be laid ■
upon the table; which was not agreed to. !
The question recurred, " Shall the bill pass'" :
and being put, it was decided in the affirmative. j
Mr. SMART moved that the vote be reconsid- j
ered by which the said bill was passed, and also !
that that motion be laid on the table; which latter j
motion was agreed to. j
Ordered, That the Clerli request thy concurrence of the 1
Senate in the said bill. ,
PRE-EMPTION RIGHTS. j
The bill to grant preemption rights for certain j
islands in the Great Miami river, yesterday ordered j
to be engrossed and read a third time, was read a I
third time; and [
The question being, Shall the bill pass? it was ;
put, and decided in the affirmative, anil sent to the j
Senate for concurrence. j
GEOLOGIST FOR CALIFORNIA. j
" The House proceeded to the consideration of j
the joint resolution to authorize the appointment i
of a geologist to accompany the army and navy j
officers who have been appointed to examine the I
coast of California, and Oregon, introduced by Mr.
Thomas B. King, on the 21st December last.
The question pending being upon the engross-
ment— •
Mr. WENTWORTH moved the previousques-
tion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved that the said
resolution be laid on the table; which motion was
agreed to.
Mr. JONES moved that the vote by which the
said joint resolution was laid on the table be re-
considered, and also that that motion be laid on the
table; ^hich latter motion was agreed to.
THE FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
The bill next in the order of business was the
bill to abolish the franking privilege, (heretofore
introduced on leave by Mr. Dixon,) and the pend-
ing question was on its engrossment.
Mr. DIXON said that he would not, at this late
period of the session, enter into any debate upon this
bill. He wished, however, to offer a modification
of it, which he presumed would be assented to by
all the members.
He would first ask that the bill might be read.
And the bill having been read accordingly—
Mr. D. sent to the Clerk's table his proposed
modification thereof; which having been read, Mr.
D. asked if there was'any objection to it.
The SPEAKER said that the bill had been twice
read, and the gentleman could not therefore mod-
ify his own bill. The question would be on the
amendment now proposed by him.
Mr. DIXON. Cannot the modification be made
by general consent?
The SPEAKER answered affirmatively.
Objection having been made, the pending ques-
tion was on the adoption of the amendment (or
modification.)
Mr. DiXOiY demanded the previous question.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved that the bill be laid on
the table; but, on the request of several gentlemen,
that a vote should be taken on the demand for the
previous question, he did not press las motion at
this moment.
Mr. GOGGIN appealed to the gentleman from
Connecticut [Mr, Dixon] to withdraw Jus demand
for the previous question.
He would state, he said, for the information of the
House, what hisobjectm making this request was.
It was to move that the bill be commuted to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
with instructions to report a general biil embiacmg
the objects contemplated in the bill of the gentle-
man from Connecticut, [Mr. Dixon,] and also em-
bracing the provisions ot the bill heretofore report-
ed for the reduction of the lates of pos'age. Also,
with instructions to consider the biil heretofore
reported by the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means [Mr. Vinton,] making provis-
ion tor the service of the Post Gmce Department,
for the year ending 30th June, 1850. He presumed
that these objects could only be accomplished at
this stage of the bill. He would, however, mquue
of the Speaker whether his object could be attained
in any other way than by the motion he (Mr. G.) j
had indicated ?
The SPEAKER. The bill is now open to
amendment.
Mr. GOGGIN. Well, in either event, I ask the ;
gentleman from Connecticut to withdraw his de- !
mand for the previous question, so that I may offer '
an amendment to the bill. i
Mr. DIXON persisted in his motion. ]
Mr. GOGGlHs. if the House shouid refuse to (
second the demand for the previous question, what ;
will be the condition of the bill ? '
The SPEAKER. The question will then be (
first on the amendment proposed by the gentleman
fiom Connecticut, [Mr, Dixo.v.] After that has
been decided, any oilier amendment may be oileied.
The question was then taken on the demand for
the previous question, and decided m the nega-
tive.
So there was not a second.
Mr. KAUFMAN now renewed his motion that
the bill be laid on the table.
Mr. GOGGiN was understood to appeal to the
gentleman hom Texas, [Mr. Ivalfman,] us an as-
sociate on the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, not to preclude him (Mr. G.) from
making this amendment. He appealed to the gen-
tleman as one of the friends of cheap postage.
Mr. KAUFMAN inquired what the object of
the gentleman was, if he (Mr, K.) should with-
draw the motion to lay on the table? -
Mr. GOGGIN explained. as heretofare-stated..
Mr. KAUFMAN said that the gentleman had
a bill before the House in relation to this very
question. He (Mr. K.) was anxious to have a
distinct test vote on the question involved in the bill
of the gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr, Djxojj,}
unconnected with other matters embraced in the
| bill of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Gog-
| He (Mr. K.) was in favor of some of the
! amendments contemplated by the gentleman from
| Virginia, but he was opposed to the abolition of
the frankmg privilege.
j Mr, PETTIT called the gentleman to order.
J There was (Mr. P. said) a motion pending to lay
I the bill on the table.
j Mr. KAUFMAN said that he had the control
. of his own motion, and he had the floor,
j Mr, PETTIT denied that the gentleman from
! Texas had the floor.
The SPEAKER said, the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Pettit] would state his point of order.
Mr. PETTIT said his point of order was, that
there was pending a motion made by the gentle-
man from Texas, [Mr. Kaufman,] to lay the bill
i' upon the table, and that that motion was not de-
li batable.  
j! The SPEAKER said that the gentleman had
■ J made the motion to lay on the table, and of course
ij he had it in his power to withdraw it for his own
j; purposes.
;! Mr. PETTIT said that the gentleman had not
jj withdrawn the motion, and had no right, there-
j> fore, to make a speech.
;1 Some conversation followed between Mr. PET-
TIT and Mr. KAUFMAN.
ij Mr. KAUFMAN said that he wished a distinct
If vote. He therefore persisted in his motion to lay -
j j the bill on the table.
11 Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, asked the yeas and
11 nays on that motion, which were ordered; and
' being taken, resulted—yeas 81, nays 104, as fol*
! lows:
> YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atkinson, Barringer, Barrow,
| Birdcall, Botts, Bowdon, Bowlm, Boyd, Brady, YViliiam (i.
; Brown, Burt, Chapman, Beverly L. Clarke, Uhngman, Wil-
1 hamson R. W. Cubb, Cocke, L) cki,y, Donm 11, Ed>all, Fick-
| lui, Fr«edley,Fiench, Game*, Ga.vle, Gr'ntrj, Hale, WjHard
i P. Hall, "Woaes Hampton, flaral-on, Harman^on, Harris,
1 Henry, George S. Houston, Hnd>on, Charles J. lugersoll,
i Jenkins, Itobert VV. Johnson, George W. Jones, John W.
Jones, Kaufman, Lalun,Lumpkin,Mi demand, McDowell,
Mcllvaine, .McQueen, Job Maim, Horace Mann., Meade,
Morehead, Morse, TCes, Outlaw, Peine, Pcuit, Pbelpi, PiU-
i bury, Richardson, Ruhpy, J<ohint>on, Sawyer, ahepperd,
j SImgeiiand, Robert Smith, Truman Smith, Stanton, Charles
: E. Stuart, Strong,Tailmadge,Ta>lor,'i hibodeaux,Thomas,
! Jaiues Thompson, Jacob Thompj-on, Robert A. Tliomp«on,
, William Thompson, Turner, Venable, Wallace, aftd War-
; ren—81.
i NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ashmun, JETayly, Beafe, Betfin-
I gei, Belcher, Bingham, Blaefcmar, Bocock, Boydut, Brod
! head, Albert G. Brown, Canby, Ftanklm Claik, Howell
j Cobb, Collamer, Collins, Conger, Cranston. CifcfitI<J,Crow-
I fll, Crozier, Cummins, Darling, Dixon, Dunn, Edwards,
| Embrec, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, F;iran, Fatrclly,
! Fisher. Flournot, Fmton, Giddings, Go«gin, Gotf, Greeley,
Gregory, Nathan it. Hall, Henley, Elms JJ. floJ/nrs, Ihibhaid,
1 Inge, JoM-ph It. Jnceipoll, Trvin, James H. Johnson, Kellogg?
I Daniol P King, William T. Lawrence, Sidney Lawrence,
j Leffler, Levin, Ligon, Lincoln, Lord, Lyude, Maclay, Mc-
CU Hand, McKay, McLane, Marsh, Man in, Miller, Morris,
| Mullin, Murphy, New..-!!, Nicoll, Pi'a&lee, Ft ck, iVndk ion,
• Peyton, Pollock, Preston, Putnam, Reynolds, Ilopkhill,
; Juiuvs Rockwell, J. A. Rockwell, Knot, Rism>ey, St. John,
1 Schenek, Shcrrill, Silvc^er, Caleb B. Smith, Stephens,
; Andiew Stewart, Strohm. Richard W. Thompson, Tlmr-nm,
Tompkins,Toombs. Van D>ke, Vinton, Wentwouh. White?
WTick, Wiley, Williams, Wiluioi. and Woodward—l'J4.
j So the House decided that the bill should not
! be laid on the table.
| And the question tecurring on the amendment—
Mr. DIXON again demanded the previous ques-
tion.
And the question thereon having been stated, the
; Speaker said that there was clearly a majority op-
posed to it.
So iheie was not a second.
; And the question again recurring on the amend-
' mem— *
Mr. ASHMUN said that he understood the bill
to be now open to amendment. He therefore
! proposed to amend it by adding the following sec-
tion; which was read:
Be it further cn acted} That fiom and after the firs-t d">y of
: July ncvt.the late ot Inter pos-ta^c shall be umtoim throtuh-
! out the United States, ii respective of distance; at. d a!! letters
: passing through the po-t omce^liall be clanged b, weiyi t a-s
j loliowa, viz: Each It-tter wcignin^ not im.re than hall «.ui
1 ounce, two cen's; each lettei weighing more than huh an
i oaacs aud ml more than one ouuee, four cents; eaeli letter
