576
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 21.
weighing more than one ounce and not more than two
ounces, eight Bents; and four cents additional for every
ounce, or fraction of an ounce, additional weight. And ail
letter? not prepaid at the time of mailing, shall be charged*
double postage. And the Postmastei General shall provide
suitable stamps, to be ueed in tile prepayment of postage,
and cause them to be kept for sale m each post office m the
United States. And the Postmaster General maymake to the
several postmasters a compensation equal in proportionto
the labor performed to what they now receive.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, rose to a question of
order. He desired to know whether the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Ashmun] was in order as an amendment to this
bill. It was a bill to abolish the franking priv-
ilege, and the subject of the reduction of the rates
of postage did not come within the compass of the
provisions contemplated by it. The a mendmen
was out of order, as irrelevant to the objects of the
bill. It was not pertinent under the decision which
the Speaker had frequently made. The Speaker
had gone so far as to decide (and his decision had
been sustained by the House) that where a reso-
lution was pending to pay a claim of a member
contesting a seat, it was not in order to amend the
resolution by providing for paying another mem-
ber contesting a seat. Thus strictly had the
Speaker laid down this rule, and the House had
sustained him. This, he repeated, was a bill to
abolish the franking privilege, and he could not
see the pei tinency or relevancy to it of an amend-
ment containing provisions for the reduction of
the rates of postage.
The SPEAKER was understood to say, that he
considered the bill equivalent to a provision that
members of Congress and others, who now sent
their letters free, should pay the rates of postage
established by law. It was a bill, therefore, which
related to the subject of postage. The amendment
provided for a reduction of the present rates of
postage, and was therefore in order. I
Mr. COBB appealed from the decision of the j
Chair, and sustained the appeal m a few remarks, i
Mr. GOGGIN moved to lay the appeal on the
table.
The question was taken, and decided in the
affirmative—ayes 75, noes 52.
So the appeal was laid on the table.
The question recurring on the amendment of
Mr. Ashmon—
Mr. ASHMUN said he did not wish to detain
the House in the discussion of the amendment.
He had no desire to do it, because, in the first
place, he thought the minds of the members of this
House must be made up if they represented the
opinions of the people.
He had moved this amendment, because he was
satisfied that it was the only opportunity which
they would have, at the present session, to test
the sense of the House upon the question of cheap
postage. He had confined it to the simple ques-
tion of letter postage; leaving out all the other
questions, involved and difficult as they might be,
so as not to embarrass the question.
The House would see that his proposition was
to establish a uniform rate of postage of two cents
for all letters weighing half an ounce; for letters of
one ounce, four cents, and so on, increasing the
rates in proportion to the increase of weight; ma-
king, in fact, this matter of letter carriage a matter
of freight, and nothing else. "Without saying
another word, he would leave the question to be
disposed of by the House.
Mr. GOGGIN, in order (he said) to attain the
object to which ho wished to arrive, inquired
whether it was in order to commit the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
with instructions ?
The SPEAKER replied that it was.
Mr. GOGGIN then moved to commit the bill to
the Committee of the Whole House on the state
of the Union, with instructions to report a bill em-
bracing a reuuced rate of postage; and also, the I
same or similar provisions to those contained in
said bill in regai-d to the franking privilege.
The SPEAKER said the latter part of the in-
structions was clearly out of order, as it proposed
to change the order of business.
Mr. GOGGIN said he would strike out the latter
part, then. The other was clearly in order, he ,'j
supposed ? 11
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
^r' MILLIARD desired (before the gentleman
from Virginia proceeded with his remarks) to in-
quue whether it was in order, before the vote was
Wk«a on the motion to commit, to move to amend
the amendment of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts?
The SPEAKER replied that it would not be.
The motion to commit took precedence of the mo-
tion to amend.
Mr. GOGGIN resumed the floor, and proceeded
to address the House during his hour, m exposi-
tion of his views upon the general question of post-
age, and in advocacy of cheap rates. [A report
of his remarks is prepared, but we are obliged to
defer its publication.]
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, said he did not propose
to go into the discussion of all the questfons in-
volved in this bill, and he notified gentlemen who
were desirous to obtain the floor, that he should
occupy it but a few minutes. "
There were only two or three points to which
he proposed to direct the attention of gentlemen.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Goggin] had
laid down a principle which he conceived to be
wholly erroneous, and which did great injustice to
his [Mr. G.'s] constituents, as well as to his own,
(iVIr. C.'s;) and he wished to see no such prin-
ciple ingrafted upon the legislation of Congress.
The gemleman had compared the expenditures of
the Post Office Department, in the transportation
of the mail in the several States of the Union, with
the amount of revenue received in those States re-
spectively; and he had brought each State in debt
for the excess of the expenditure over the revenue
received. The gentleman had taken, for instance,
the State of Georgia, and showed that a given
amount was annually expended in that State for
the transportation of the mails, and then that a
certain amount of the revenues of the department
was received from the Slate of Georgia; and the
latter sum being less than the former, he had con-
cluded that the people of Georgia were under very
great obligation to JN'ew York and other States of
the Union in which there was an excess of re-
ceipts over the expenditures, for furnishing them
the means by which their mails were transported.
He asked, the gentleman from Virginia to ex-
plain to his constituents and the country the source
from which the city of New York was enabled to
pay so large an amount of revenue to the Post
Oil ice Department. Did the gentleman intend to
convey the idea to the country that the citizens of
the city ot New York, where this large amount of
postage was received, contributed out of their own
pockets, and that the people of Georgia were under
obligation to them for this sacrifice of so much
money to pay for the transportation of the mails
m Georgia? Did the gentleman intend to palm off
upon the country this gross error, which did such
injustice to the gentleman's constituents as well as
his own? From what was the revenue received
in the city of New York derived? From letters—
from letters on business written by the mercantile
community, the postage on which was charged
by the merchants of the city of New York to their
correspondents in the country, and was ultimate-
ly paid out of the pockets of the gentleman's con-
stituents and his own, as well as the constituents
of other gentlemen in this House. Wherever
there was this great excess of levenues received
m the commercial cities, it could be traced to the
intercourse they had with the country at large.
The city of New York was the great commercial
emporium of this country, and the'revenues of the
PostOffice Department leceived there weie paid
out of the pockets of his constituents as well as of
all who traded with the city of New York.
Would the gentleman from Virginia contend
that the city ot New York paid ail the revenues
which were received in that city from duties on
imports? A large proportion of the revenues from
imports of this Government were received in the
custom-house of New York; but did the city of
New York therefore support this Government?
Was that the gentleman's aoctnne? jNTo; the
merchants who paid the duties in the city of New .
York acted ineiely as the agents of the consuming j
sections of all the country; and the citizens of New
York paid out of their own pockets not one dollar ;'
of customs, except so far as they were the con- \
sumers of imported goods. The same principle
applied to the revenues of the Post Office Depart- ',
ment. j'
Of all the people of this country, what class de- !i
rived the greatest benefit from the mail transport- i:
atiori? The mercantile community. They lived
by it; they could not exist without it. When they
paid the postages, they acted as the agents of the
people of the country, and as their ■! gents alone.
The people of Georgia, through the merchants of
New York and the other great commercial cities,
paid the money; and when they asked the appro-
priation of their own money, for their own mail
facilities, for the accommodation of the people who
sustained the burdens of the Post Office Depart-
ment, it was said that they were under obligations
to the city of New York for the support of the
Post Office Department. He denied this doctrine
entirely; it was at war with the truth; it was at war
with the facts of the case.
Mr. GOGGIN interposed, and said he hoped the
gentleman would excuse him for reminding him
that the facts and figures which he had given
were not his, (Mr. G. 's,) but were taken from the
document which had been communicated to the
House of Representatives by the Postmaster Gen-
eral, and called for by resolution of the House.
Mr. COBB said he did not object to the gentle-
man's facts and figures. He did not deny°them.
It was the argument which the gentleman derived
from them of which he complained. Certainly the
gentleman would not hold the Postmaster General
responsible for all the arguments and inferences
which he'might draw from facts and figures com-
municated by that officer.
Mr. GOGGIN, in explanation, stated, that if
they took the city of New York entirely out of
the question, the same state of facts still existed.
Mr. COBB replied, that if this subject was
traced through all its ramifications, it would be*
found that this excess of postage was received
from the commercial community—from the mer-
chants who did the business for the people, and
that it was ultimately paid by the consuming por-
tion of the country.
[Some gentleman (in his seat) was here under-
stood to inquire of Mr. Cobb what were his opin-
ions on the question of the reduction of postage?]
He was now arguing on another point, (he re-
plied.) He wanted to drive this heresy out of the
House; he wanted to pin it to the wall; and then
he would meet the question of the reduction" of
postage.
He should advocate, (he proceeded to say,) he
should vote for the reduction of postage. When
the bill for the reduction of postage was before the
House two years since, he had voted against it.
He was now satisfied that he had done wrong.
He now believed that that reduction was not too
radical; but at the time he had been of the contrary
opinion.
He was not, however, wholly satisfied with the
argument of those who went for the reduction of
postage, that the greater the reduction the greater
.would be the revenue received. But he was willing
to go so far as to establish one regjilar, uniform
rate of five cents. He believed the friends of cheap
postage, together with those who might be consid-
ered in opposition to it, ought, for the present, to
unite upon common ground, and make a uniform
rate of five cents. They ought not to be too rad-
ical in their movements, but to test the matter by
degrees, and see how the rate of five cents would
work. His own opinion was, that it would sus-
tain the department.
One word about the doctrine that the Post Office
Department ought to be a self-sustaining machine.
It ought to be. He saw no reason why it shonlil
not be. It was very evident that this department
must be sustained by taxation m some form; and
, why should it not be by taxation upon the corre-
J spondence of the country, (to facilitate which, was
: tne very purpose of its establishment,) and not
i upon the sugar, salt, and other articles consumed
m the country?
Pie was m favor of such a rate of postage as
, should enable the department, from its own reve-
; fiue.s, to support itself. This could be done as it
, had been done heretofore. It had been done under
■I e new system of postage. He was willing to
i go one step further, and reduce it now to five
cents.
The question then arose, if the department was
sustained at a rate of five cents, and could be at a
less rate, whether he would be willing to reduce
it below five cents? His support of the reduction •
below five cents—whether the revenues produced
by it were sufficient to support the department or
not—depended entirely upon another question, and
that was upon the adoption of a silver com to con-
form to the rates of postage. If it could be ascer-
tained that a rate of postage of two and a half
