1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
taken and decided — yeas 25, nays 19—as fol-
lows;
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Benton, Clarke, Davis
of Massachusetts, Dickmson, Dix, Dodge oflnwa, Douglas,
Fitzpatrick, Foote, Greene, Hale, Hamlin, Houston, John-
son of Louisiana, Jones, Mangum, Mason, Miller, Rusk,
Underwood, Uphani, Webster, and Westcott—05.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atherton, Berrien, Bradbury,
Breeze, Bimht, Butler, Calhoun, Davis of'Mississippi,
Downs, Fetch, Fitzgerald, Jonnson of Georgia, King, Niles,
Phelps, Spruancc, WaiKer, and Yulce—19,
So the bill was passed.
KE CONSIDERATION.
Mr*. HALE said, that having the other day
moved to lay a bill granting a pension to the widow
of the late Colonel Dix on the table, and being sat-
isfied that that disposition was not a proper one,
and that the bill ought to pass, he desired to move
that the Senate take up said bill and pass it.
The question being; taken upon the motion to
take from the table, it was decided in the negative,
on a division—ayes 14, noes 21.
TIMOTHY P. ANDERSON.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, moved to post-
pone the prior orders, and that the Senate proceed
to take up the bill authorizing a renewal of a patent
for the benefit of the widow and heirs of Timothy
P, Anderson, deceased; which was agreed to.
The bill was then considered as in Committee of
the Whole, and the amendment moved by Mr.
Baldwin was agreed to.
The bill was then reported as amended, and the
amendment was concurred in; and the bill was
read a third time and passed.
JOHN HIBBERT.
On motion of Mr, HAMLIN, the prior orders
were postponed, and the Senate proceeded to con-
sider the bill from the House for the relief Of John
Hibbert; which was considered, and ordered to a
third reading. The bill was subsequently read a
third time and passed.
DISABLED SOLDIERS,
Mr. JONES moved that the prior orders be
postponed, and that the Se'nate take up a bill to
regulate the pensions'of officers, soldiers, seamen,
. and marines, who have been, or may hereafter be
disabled in the service of the United States.
Some discussion took place on this motion, in
which Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana, Mr. MA-
SON, Mr. YULEE, Mr. FOOTE, Mr. DODGE
of Iowa, and Mr. BREESE, participated; when—
The CHAIR decided this to be a public bill.
JOSEPH M'AFFEE.
Mr. FOOTE moved that the prior orders be
postponed, and that the Senate proceed to consider
the bill for the relief of the heirs and legal repre-
sentatives of Joseph McAffee, deceased; which
was agreed, to.
The bill was then considered as in Committee of
the Whole, which was- reported without amend-
ment, and ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing. The bill >vas subsequently read a third time
strid passed.
POLLY DAMERON.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia, moved that the
prior orders be postponed, and that the Senate
proceed to consider a bill for the relief of Polly
Dameron.
Mr. YULEE stated that this bill had not yet
been reported.
GENERAL ORDERS.
- On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia, the
Senate proceeded to the general orders.
The Senate then proceeded to consider the fol-
lowing bills, which were severally read a third
time emd passed:
A bill for the relief of John M. Mcintosh;
A bill for the relief of A. H. Cole;
A bill to provide for the final settlement of the
accounts of Thomas C. Sheldon, late receiver of
public moneys at Kalartiazoo, Michigan;
A bill to provide for the final settlement of the
accounts of Abraham Edwards, register of the
land office at Kalamazoo, Michigan;
A bill for the relief of William Greer; ,
A bill for the relief of Eugene Van Ness and
John M. Brush, executors of Nehemiah Brush.
The bill for the relief of Robert C. Rogers was
ordered to a third reading; and, after debate,
On motion of Mr. RUSK, the further consider-
ation of the bill was postpor.se until to-morrow.
The bill for the relief of William Lee was re-
jected—ayes 13, noes 17.
m
The bill for the relief of the heirs and legal rep-
resentatives of Regnold alias Nick Hillary, was
indefinitely postponed.
The bill for the relief of Gad Humphrey was
discussed, anci the further consideration of the bill
was then postponed until to-morrow.
On motion of Mr. BADGER,
The Senate ad journed.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 22, 1849.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
TERRITORY OF MINESOTA.
The SPEAKER gave the floor to
Mr. SIBLEY, of Wisconsin Territory.
Mr. WENTWORX'H called for the orders of
the day.
The SPEAKER, said, the floor-was held by the
gentleman from Wisconsin Territory.
Mr. SIBLEY moved that the rules of the House
be suspended, to enable him to submit a motion,
that the Committee of the Whole on the stale of
the Union be discharged Irom the consideration of
the bill fiom the Senate to establish the Territo-
rial Government of Minesota, so as to bring the
said bill before the House.
Mr. S. was proceeding to make some remarks—
When the SPEAKER interposed and said, that
debate was not in order.
Mr. SIBLEY said, he would then simply sub-
mit his motion.
The question was taken, and the affirmative vote
stood 47.
The SPEAKER said, it was evident that two-
thirds had not voted in the affirmative.
Tellers were asked for and appointed, (Messrs.
Craxston and Nicoll.)
And the question having been ag*in taken, the
vote stood—ayes 85, noes 18; no quorum voting.
Mr. KAUFMAN asked the yea^and nays on
the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. SMITH, of Connecticut, moved that there
be a call of the House; which motion was agreed
to.
The Clerk then called the roll.
Mr. J. R. 1NGERS0LL said, as there was ob-
viously a quorum now present, he would move that
all further proceedings, on the call be dispensed,
with.
The SPEAKER said the Clerk would report
the number of membeis who had answered to their
names.
The Clerk stated the number to be 145.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Istgersoll, which, having been decided in the
affirmative—
All further proceedings on the call were dis-
pensed with.
The tellers resumed their places; and the ques-
tion " Shall the rules be suspended V' for the pur- ;
pose aforesaid, was again taken, and decided in
the affirmative—ayes 100, noes 16.
So two-thirds voting in the affirmative, the
rules were suspended.
On motion of Mr. SIBLEY, the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union was then dis-
charged from the further consideration of the said
bill.
Mr. SIBLEY said several gentlemen had ap-
pealed to him not to move the previous question.
He should be very happy to accede to their re-
quest, but the bill would involve a long debate.
He must, therefore, with all deference to those
gentlemen, move the previous question.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Massachusetts, inquired
if there were not some amendments proposed to
the hill, and what would be the effect of the pre- jj
vious question upon them?
[Cries of" Order;" ','The previous question."] Ij
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the j
gentleman from Massachusetts to rise to a point of jj
order.
Mr. ROCKWELL rose to a point of order.
He said the Clerk had not read the amendments
which he understood had been moved to the bill,
and which had been reported at the same time
with the bill. He undeistood that the amendment
which had been offered by fyimself was received
and ordered to be printed. He wished now to
know the effect of the previous question—whether,
if sustained, it would cut off the amendment or
not?
[Note—.The amendment reported by Mr. Rockwem,.'
from the minority of the Committee on Territories, is as
follows: „ ^
Amend the bill by inserting at the commencement of t&e
twelfth section, aftei the word "enacted," the words fol-
lowing :
" That the inhabitants of the said Territory shall be enti-
tled to and enjoy nil and singular the rights, privileges, and
advantages, granted a.nd secured to the people of the territory
of the United States northwest of the river Ohio, by the
articles of the compact contained in the ordinance for the
government of the said territory, passed on the thirteenth
nay ot July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven,
and shnit be subject to a(! the conditions and restrictions
and prohibitions in said articles of compact imposed upon
the people of said terruoiy."]
Tiie'SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
no amendment except those reported by the Com-
mittee on Territories is rightfully pending to the
bill before the House. The bifi was reported by
the Committee on Ten itories. The gentleman from
Massachusetts, from the minority of the commit-
tee, rose and asked leave to submit a proposition
on behalf of the minority. If that was offered at
the first reading of the bill, (which was the proper
time,) as a report, no amendment was in .order,
because, on the first reading, the only question"
which can arise is, " Shall this bill be "rejected!"
When, however, the bill was in a proper state for
consideration, by the rule of the House, it was
sent immediately to the Committee of the Whole
on. the state of the Union, the rule being that the
first consideration of bi-!!s involving appropriations
shall be in Commiiu-0 of ihe Whole on the state
of the Union.' Xo amendment could rightfully be
offered to the bill until the bill,was*the subject _of
consideration.
The Chair is of the opinion that the amendment
of the gentleman from .Massachusetts, from the mi-
nority of the committee, was submitted as a report,
received as such, and printed as a matter of. in-
formation for the House; and that it must have
been offered in Committee of the Whole, or in the
House when the bill was under consideration. Not
having been so offered, the amendment is not right-
fully pending.
Mr. ROCKWELL stated that the amendments
offered by the majority of the committee were re-
ported at the same time with the bill, and with the
amendment reported by himseif in behalf of the
minority and that they were all printed together.
He inquired if the Chair ruled the amendments of
the majority in order?
The SPEAKER'S reply was not heard, (but ihe
same point was raised and decided at a subsequent
stage of the proceedings.)
Mr. 110CKWELL appealed to the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Sibley] to withdraw his
motion for the purpose of allowing him (Mr. R.)
to move amendments—certain amendments (he.
said) which had been reported by the majority and
by the minority of the committee.
Mr.*C0BB, of Georgia. Is this question de-
batable ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
gentleman from Massachusetts to be appealing to
the courtesy of the gentleman from Wisconsin.
After a word or two of further conversation be-
tween Mr. COBB and the SPEAKER On Mr.
Cobb's point of order-
Mr. ROCKWELL renewed his appeal to the
gentleman from Wisconsin to withdraw his de-
mand for the previous question, to enable him to
offer the amendment reported from the minority of
Committee on Territories'. He would renew the
motion for the previous question, without saying
one word, after moving the amendment. Other-
wise, he trusted the House would not sustain the
previous question.
Mr. COBB again called the gentleman from
Massachusetts to order, and insisted upon his point
of order.
The SPEAKER announced the question on sec-
onding the motion for the previous question.
Mr. BOYDEN rose to a point of order. He
made the point of order that a Delegate from a Ter-
ritory in this House had no light to move the pre-
vious question. He had no right to vote. Suppose
a measure was passed, could he move to reconsider
it? He could not vote with either side, and he
certainly could not move to reconsider. He de-
nied that the Delegate had any right to move the
previous question upon this House; he had 110
right to sustain it. It was a vastly more important
matter than the right to \ote,
Mr. COBB called the gentleman fsoin North
Carolina to order.
