im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 22-
,The SPEAKER requested gentlemen to take
their seats, and (lie said)- the Chair would decide the
question of order.
Order^iaving been restored—
Tire SPEAKER. By the act of March 3,1817,
It is provided—
" That in every territory of tlie United States in which a
temporary government has been, or hereafter shaft be estab-
lished, and which, by virtue of the ordinance of Congress of
the 13th 4>f July, 1787, or o-f any subsequent act of Congress
passed or to be passed, now hath, or hereafter shall have the
fight to send a delegate to Congress, such delegate shaH be
elected every second year, for the Fame term of two years lor
which members of ihe House of Representatives of the
United States are elected; and in that House each of the
said delegates shaH have a seat vvnh a right ©f debasing, but
BQt of voting.'*
It is clear (the Speaker continued) that the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin has no right to vote. The
Chair has had some doubt whether the gentleman
has the right to make a motion. It has, however,
been the uniform practice of the House to allow
delegates to make motions. The gentleman from
Wisconsin himself made the motion to suspend the
rules for the purpose of bringing the question be-
fore the House. That is a motion ''quite as im-
portantas the prevfous question,- as it sets aside
all the rules of the House relating to the order of
business. Gentlemen from the Territories are ha-
bitually catted for petitions and resolutions, under
afn express rule of the House, and always have
been allowed to move the reference of them. The
CKair believes, upon the whole, that delegates from
the Territories could not subserve the purposes for
which they are sent here, unless they have the
light to make motions; and as the law does not
expressly deny them that right, the Chair 13 dis-
posed to accord to them the largest liberty. He
therefore decides the motion to be in order.
Mr. BOYDEN appealed from the decision.
And the question, "Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the House?" was
then taken, and decided in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was affirmed.
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, rose, he said, to ask
for information. When the bill was reported from
the Committee on Territories, some half dozen
amendments were reported with it. The bill was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and the amendments were ordered
to be printed. His impression was, and such he
supposed to have been the impression of the Housed
that these amendments were in a condition to be
acted upon, and that the previous question would
not cut them off.
The SPEAKER said he was decidedly of opin-
ion that the amendments proposed by the majority
of the Committee on Territories, legitimately of-
fered to the bill, and reported to the House as
amendments proposed by the committee, jvouid
not be cut off by the previous question. The
Speaker" had referred simply to the amendment
of the minority of the committee, which was sub-
mitted, as he conceived,for information, and which
it would not have been in order to move at that
time.
Mr. SMITH suggested that the amendments had
not been printed in full. Two of the amendments
had been printed; bpt there were three or four
others. He would inquire whether they were on
file.
The SPEAKER was understood to say, that he
understood from the Clerk the amendments re-
ferred to were printed in the bill in brackets.
Mr. LEVIN rose, he said, to an inquiry on a
point of order. The previous question had been
moved, thus cutting off debate. He ask&d whether
the provisions of the fifth section of the bill which
secured to aliens the right of suffrage as well as
the right of holdmgooice, was not a virtual repeal
of the naturalization laws of the United States?
The SPEAKER. That is not a point of order.
The Chair understood the demand for the previous
question to be insisted on. The question would
be, was there a second?
-And the question being put, the affirmative vote
stood 81.
Mr. ROCKWELL,of Massachusetts, called for
tellers, who were appointed, (Messrs. McCler-
nand and Hubbard.)
The question was again taken, and the vote
stood—ayes 95, noes 71.
So there was a second.
. The question then being, " ShaH the main ques-
;[Onbnr,«r«.,t5  w - *
tton
5 now put?"—
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, asked the
yeas and nays.
Mr, G1DDINGS- rose? he &aid, to make an in-
quiry of the Chair. He desired to be informed by
the Speaker whether, if the main question should
now be ordered, the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Rockwell] would have an opportunity
to offer his amendment?
The SPEAKER answered in the negative.
Mr. GIDDiiNGS. If we reject the previous
question, the bill will then be open to amendment?
The SPEAKER was understood to say, that the
first question would be on the pendmgamendmenu*
reported from the Committee on Temtories.
Mr. GIDDIINGS said, he hoped, then, the call
for the yeas and nays would be sustained; and they
were ordered. **
A conversation took place between Mr. HOUS-
TON of Alabama and the SPEAKER, m rela-
tion to the effect which the refusal of the House
to order the main question would have on the
bill; and the SPEAKER finally intmiated that he
would decide the question when it came up.
Mr. GENTRY (addressing the Chair) said he
supposed that if the main question was not ordered,
the bill would go over until to-moirow.
The SPEAKER so decided.
Mr. GOTT asked for the reading of the amend-
ment of Mr. Rockwell, of Massachusetts.
The SPEAKER said it was not in order at this
time;
The question, "Shall the main question be now
put?" v/as taken, and decided 111 the affirmative—
yeas 102, nays 99—as follows:
YEAS—Atkinson, liamuger, Bedmger, Birdsall,
Boeoek. Bowdon, Bowhn, j-Jojd, Biuk'is, lj>o<Jhead, Wil-
liam G. Blown, diaries Biown, Bun. Cabell. Can by, Cha*e,
Clapp, Fianklm Clark, Beveiiy L. Ciaike, Howell Cobb,
Williamson R. VY. Cobb, Cocke, Cruziei. Cummins, Dante),
Drilling, Dunn, Fai.ui, l'e.uher^ton, FicMin, Flouinoy,
Fiench, Fries, Fuilon, Goguin, Green, Willaid P. Hall, Mai-
alson, Harmarison, Harri-, Henley, Hill,Geoigo S. Houston,
fn^e, Chailes J. Ingers .>i], lvii-?on, J.uneson, Janice H.
Johnson, KoburfW. Jonnaon, George W. Jones, John W.
Jone«, Kaufman, Kennon, La S6re, Letfler, Ligon, Lincoln,
Loid, Lumpkin, Lynde, MeClernand, McDowell, iVi< Kay,
MeLane, McQueen, Job Mann, Meaae, Miller, Moise,
Murphy, Newell, Nicoll, Pendleton, Petne, Peyton, Piis-
bury, Pieston, Richey, Robinson, Sawyer, Sheppeid, Simp-
son, Smart, llohert Smith, Stanton, Stephens., Thib.;deaux,
Thomas, James Thompson, Richaid W. Thompson, Robert
A. Thompson, William' Thompson, Tompkins, Toombs,
Turner, Van Dyke, Venabie, Wallace, Wick, Wiley, Wil-
liams, and*Woodward—102.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ashmun, Bariow, Belcher, Bing-
ham. Blackmar, Botts, Boyden, Brady, Buekner, Catheart,
Clingman, CoUauier, Collins, Conner, Cranston, Crisiield,
Crowell, Dickey, Dixon, Duer, Garnett Duncan, Eokert,
Edsall, Edwards, Embree, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans,
i'arreily, Fisher, Gaines Gayle, Gentry, Gidduigs, Gott,
Greeley, Gregory, Grinnell, Hale, Nathan K. Hall, James G.
Hampton, Moses Hampton, Henry, Billiard, f. E. Holmes,
Hubbard, Hudson, Joseph R. ingeisoll, Xrvm, Jenkins, Kel-
lo£g, Thoma> Butler King, Daniel P. King, Lalnn, William
T Lawrence, Sidney Lawrence, Levin, Maelay. McClel-
land, Melivaine, Hoi ace Mann, Marsh, Marvin, Morehead,
Moni-i, Mullm, Ne<, Outlaw, Palney, Peaslee, Peck, Pol-,
lock, Putnam, Reynold?-, Roekhill, Julius Rockwcll, Jolin
A. Rockwell. Roman, Root, Rumsfy, St, John, Schenck,
Sherriil, Silvester, Slingeriand. Caleb B. Smith, Tiuman
Smith, Starkweather, Charles E. Stuart, Strohm, Strong,
Tallmadge, Taylor, John B. Thompson, Thurston, Vinton,
Warren, Wentworth, and White—99.
So the House decided that the main question
should be now taken.'
The SPEAKER. The question is first on the
amendments proposed by the majority of the com-
mittee, which will be read.
The firet amendment was read, and proposed to
strike out in the first section the words, "the pas-
sage of this act," and insert " the 10th day of
March, 1849.(the time at which the bill is to take
effect.)
Mr. HARALSON called for the yeas and nays
on the adoption of this amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, were—yeas 97, nays 101—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adams, Ashmun, Barringer, Bar-
row, Belcher, Blackmar, Botts, Boyden, Biady, Buc-kner,
Butler, Cabell, Cocke, Colhuner, Conger, Cianston, Cns-
field, CrowCil, Crozier. Dickey, Dixon, Duer, Garnett Dun-
can, Dunn, Eekeit, Edward-?, Ernbree, Alexander Evans,
Nathan Evans, Farieliy, Fisher, FJouinoy, Fteedley, Ful-
ton, Gaines, Gayle, Gentry, Goit, Greeley, Gregory, Grin-
nell, Hale, Nathan K* Hall, James G. Hampton, Mo^es
Hampton, Henry, Isaac E. Holmes, Eiias B. Holmes, Hub-
bard, "Hudson, Joseph-R. Ingcr&oll, Irvin, John W. Jones,
Kellogg, Thomas Butler King, Daniel P. King, William
T. Lawrence, Levin, Lincoln, Mcflvame, Hoiace Maim,
Marsh, Maivin, Morehead, Mulhn, Nes, Newell, Outlaw,
Palfrey, Pollock, Pre?ton, Putnam, Reynolds, Julius Rock-
well, John A. Rockwell, Roman, Root, Runwy, St. John,
Schenck, Shepperd, Sheirill, Silvestet, Slingeriand, Caleb
B. Smith, Tiuman S nith, Stephens, Stiohm. Tallinadge,
Taylor, Thibodeaux, Richard W, Thompson, Van Dyite,
Vinton, Warren, and White—97.
NAYS—Messrs. Atkinson, Beale, Bedinger, Bm^hamj,
Birdsall, Bocock, Bmvdon, Bo^d, Bridge?5, Biodiicadj Wil-
liam G. Brown, Charles Biown, Albert G. Biown, Burt,.
Cathearty Chfu e, Ciapp, Franklm Ciark, Bevt ilyL. Clarke,
Floweli Cobb, Williamson R. VV. Cobb, Collin*, Cummins,
Daniel, Darling,Ed all,Faran, Feathfiston,Ficklui,FrenchP
Fhes, Giddirig^, Goggin, Willaid P. Hall^ Haralson, Harris,,
Henley, Hill, George S. Houston, Inge, Cliailes J. Ingersol^
Ivorson, Jenkins, James II. Johnson, Rob«-rt W. Johnson,
George W.Jones, Kaufman, Kennon, Lfjhm, La S6ie, Sid-
ney Lawience, JUffier, Ligon, Lord, Lumpkin, Lynder
Maciay, McClelland, McClernand, McDowell, McKav, IMc-
Lane, McUueen, Job Mann, Meade, Miller,-Moiris, Morse?
Murpiiy, ISicoll, Peaslee, Peek, Peine, Peyton, Filsbury?
Richey, Robinson, Roekhill, Sawyer, Smart, Robert Smith,
Stanton, Starkweather, Charles E. Stuart, Strons:, Thoma«y
James Thompson, *R. A. Thompson, Wilham Thompson,
Thurston, Tompkins, Toombs, Turner, Venabie, Wallace,
Wentworth, Wiek, Wiley, Williams, Wihnot, and Wood-
ward—101.
So the first amendment was rejected.
Mr, SCHHNCK moved to lay the bill on the
table, and on that motion he demanded the yeas-
and nays;'which were ordered.
Mr. HARALSON rose, and said he wished to
obtain information upon a certain point before he
voted. He would respecttully ask whether the
last clause was a part of the original brfl now, aftes
the refusal of the House to insert it in the fiist sec-
tion ?
The SPEAKER. The Chai^-knows nothing 035
the eubjecU
[A Voice. That is a question of legal construc-
tion!]
The question was then taken on the motion to
lay the bill on the table, and the vote stood—yeas?
8S, nays 106—as follows;.
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adams, Ashmun, Barrow, Bel-
cher, Blackmai, Botts, Bujden, B>ady, Buckner, Butler,,
Cabell, Chngman, Wilham^on R. W. Cobb, Collamer, Con-
ger, Cranston, Crisfi«-jd, Crowell, Daniel, Dickey, Dixon,
Garnett#Duncun, Etkert, Edwards, Embree, Alexander
Evans, Nathan Evans, Fairelly, Fisiicr, Fiournoj, Gaines,
Ga\le, Gentiy, Giddiiigs, Goggin, Gott, Greeley, Gregory,
Grinnell, Hale, Nathan K Hall, J.wnea G. Hampton, Mo es>
Hampton, lleniy, Hill, Hilbaid, Ehas B. Holmes, Hubbaid,
Hudson, Joseph R Ineer-nll, livm, Kellogg,Thomas Butler
King, Daniel P. King, William T, Lawrence, Levin, Meli-
vaine, Horace Mann, Maish, Morehead, MuiJin, Nes, Out-
law, Palfrey, Pollock, Pntmun, Julius Roekvvell, John A.
Rockwell, Roman, Roo?, Rumsey, Sr. John, Sehcnck, Shei>-
perd, Sheuill, Silvester. Slmgerland, Tiuman Smith, An-
drew Stewart, Strohm, Tallrnadge, Taylor, R. W. Thomp-
son, John B. Thompson, Vinton, Warren, and White—88.
NAYS— Messis. Atkinson, Barringer, Bediuger, Birdcall,
Bocoek, Bowdon, Bov/lm, Boyd, Budges, Brmihead. CIi.is.
Brown, Albeit G. Biown, Burt, Catheart, Cha^e, Clapp,
Franklin Clark, Beverly L.Clarke, Howell Cobb, Cocke,
Collins, Crozier, Cummins, Darling, Duer, Dunn, Edsa!iy
Faran, Featherslon. Fickhn, French, Fries. Fuiton, Green,
Willard P. Hall, Haralson, Harman^on, Ilauis, Henley,
Isaac E Holmes, George S.Houston, Inge, Chatles J. Inger-
soli, Ivorson, Jenkins, James H. Johnson, Robeit W.John-
son, Geoige W. Jones, Kaufman, Kennon, Lahin, La S&re,
Sidney Lawrence,Leffler,Ligori, Lincoln, Lord,Lumpkin,
Lynde, Maelay, McClelland, McClernand, McDowell, Mc-
Kay, McLajae, McQueen, Job Mann, Meade, Miller, Mori is,
Morse, Murphy, Peaslee, Peck, Pctrie, Peyton, Pdsbury,
Preston, Richey, Robinson, Roekhill, Sawyer, Smart, Rob-
ert Smith, Stanton, Starkweather, Stephens, Charles E.
Stuart, Strong, Thomas, James Thompson, R. A.Thompson,
William Thompson, Tompkm?,Too5iib*,Tni ner,Van Di key
Venabie, Wallace, Wentworth, Wick, Wiley, Williams,
Wilmot, and Woodward—106.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the table.
The 3d, 4th, 5th, 6th, 7th, 8th, 9th, and 10th
amendments, were then read and agreed to, nem.
con.
The 11th amendment was read, viz; in section
13, at the end thereof, strike out the words—
[And the sum of twenty thousand dollars, out of any
money in the trenMiiy not otherwise appiopuat''d,is hereby
appropriated and granted to said Termory of Minesota, to
be applied by the Governor and Legislative Assembly to the
erection of suitable public buildings at the seat of Govern-
ment.]
And the question being put on agreeing thereto,
it was decided in the negative.
The 12th amendment was read, viz: strike out
section 17, to wit:
JInd he it further enacted, That the sum of five thousand
dollars be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, out of any-
moneys m the treasury not otherwise appropriated, to be
expended by and under the direction of the said Governor
of the Territory of Mmesota, in the purchase ot a library,
to he kept at the seat of Government, tor the use of the Gov-
ernor, Legislative Assembly, Judges of the Supreme Court,
Secretary, Marshal, and Attorney of raid Territory, and such
other peisons and under such regulations as shall be pre-
scribed by law.
And the question being put on agreeing thereto,
it was decided in the negative.
The 13th and last amendment was read, viz: at
the end of the bill, insert—
This art shall take effect from and after the 10th day of
March, 1849.
Mr. KAUFMAN propounded a question to the
Chair; he asked whether, if the amendment just
