1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
read be adopted, it would not take the appointment
of tlfe officers from President Polk, and give the
same to President Taylor? and. whether it does not
strike the honorable Speaker that the amendment
was offered palpably for that purpose?
The SPEAKER was understood to say, that
the Chair had no information on the subject. The
case was not provided for in the rules of the
House.
Mr. KAUFMAN asked the yeas and nays on
the amendment; which were ordered, and being
taken, were—yeas 101, nays 95, as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Abbott, Adams, Ashmun, Barrin<ror,
Belcher, Blackmar, Bovden, Bradv, Buckner, Butler, Ca-
bell, Canl>y, Chngman, Cocke, (Jollan-ier, Conger, Cranston,
Cnsftcld, CiowcM, Crozic-r, Dickey, Dixon, Ouer, Garneti
Duncan, Dunn,Eekert, Edwards, Emforco, AicxanderEvan*,
Nathan Evans, Farrelly, Fisliei, Fiom noy, FreedleyjFuilon,
Gaines, Gaylei Gentry^ Goggm, Gou, Greelev, Gregory, Grin-
nell, Ildle, Nathan IC. Hall, James G. Il.nnpfon. Motes
Hampton, Henry, Hiiiiard, Isaac E. Holmes, I' B. Holmes,
John W. Hon-tou, Hubbard, Iliuh>on, Jose-;!] R. Ingersoll,
Irvin, John VV. Jones, Kellogg, Thomas Butler King, Daniel
P. Kins, William T. L.iwrenee, Lincoln, Mcllvaine, Horace
Mann,"Marsh,Morehoad, Mullin, Nes,Newell, Outlaw,Pal-
frey, P^ndieton, Pollock, Preston, Putnam, Julius Rockwell,
J. A. Rockwell, Roman, Root, Rumsey, St. Jolm, Schenek,
Shepperd, Shurnil, .Silvester, Slingerlanrf, Caleb B. Smith,
Truman Smith, Siepliens, Andrew Stewart, Strohm, Tail-
madse, Taylor, Richard W. Thompson John B. Thompson,
Van Dyke, Vinton, Wnrren, and White—101. i
NAYS—Atkinson, Ba\iy, Bedmger, Birdsall, j
Boyd, Bridges, Brodhead, Charles Brown, A. G. Brown, Burt, ;
Catbcart. Chase, Clapp. Franklin, Clark B.L. Claike, Howell i
Cobb, Williamson R. VV. Cobb, Collin.*, Cummins, Daniel, :
Darling, Edsall, Faran, Fcatherston, Ficklin, French, Fries,
(Jiddmgs Green, Wiliard P. Hall, Hatmnons, Harjnanson,
- Harris, Henley, Eiill. G. S. Houston, Inge, Charles J. Inger-
soll, Iverf-on-, Jenkins, James H. Johnson, R. W. Johnson,
George W. Jones, Kaufman, Kennon, Lahm, La R6re,
Sidney Lawrence, Leffler, Ligon, Lord, Lumpkin, Lynde,
McClelland, McCIernand, McDowell, McKay. McLane,
McQueen, Job Mann, Meade, Millet, Morris, Morse, Mur-
phy, Nieoll, Peaslee, Peck, Petrie, Pevton,Pilsbury,Uichey,
Robinson, RockhiU, Sawyer, Smart, Robert Smith, Stanton,
Charles E. Stuart, Strong, Thomas, James Thompson, R. A.
Thompson, William Thompson, Thurston,Tompkins,Tur-
ner,Venable, Wallace, Wemwortli, Wick, Wiley, Williams,
Wiimotj and Woodward—95.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, rose (he said) to a
point of order, and stated that the business pend-
ing yesterday, when the House proceeded to the
consideration of business on the Speaker's table,
was the bill establishing a collection district in
Texas, on which he was entitled to the floor. He-
asked if that was not the first business in order
this morning ?
The SPEAKER. It is the last business on the
Speaker's table.
GENERAL CALENDAR.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas; moved that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, for the purpose of ex-
ecuting the rule which requires the calendar of the
committee to be called on Thursdays, for the pur-
pose of acting upon those bills to which no objec-
tion is.made. He asked the yeas and nays.
* The yeas and nays were ordered—the count
having Seen taken by tellers, viz: (Messrs. Kauf-
man and Thibodeaux,)-—and (having been taken)
were—yeas 82, nays 96.
So the House refused to go into committee.
Mr. GRINNELL, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the pqkfion ofHosea
Iisley and others, citizens of Chelsea, Massachu-
setts, for authority to make a road over land of the
United States connected with the marine hospital
in Chelsea, made an adverse report thereon; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WOODWARD, from the same committee,
to whom were referred sundry petitions and re-
monstrances relative to the establishment of a col-
lection district at East Thomaston, in the State of
Maine, made a report thereon; which was laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. GREGORY, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill declaring Fort Covington, in the State
of New York, to be a port of delivery, and for other
purposes; which was read twice, and ordered to
be engrossed and read the third time; and being
engrossed, was accordingly1 read the third time,
passed, and sent to the Senate for concurrence.
Mr. GREGORY, from the same committee, re-
ported a joint resolution in relation to foreign offi-
cers or seamen who shall render relief to American
vessels in distress; which resolution was read
twice, and ordered to-be engrossed; and being
engrossed, was accordingly read the third time,
passed, and sent to the Senate for concurrence—
Mr. GRINNELL, from the same committee,
reported a bjll exempting Spanish vessels from
discriminating duties in certain cases; which was
read twice, and ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, was accord-
ingly read the third time, passed, and sent to the
Senate for concurrence.
Mr. ASHMUN moved to reconsider the last
vote, and moved to lay that motion on the table.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, asked for the yeas and
nays on this motion, remarking that he considered
that the fate of the bill depended upon its decision.
Theyeas and nays wereordered, and having been
taken, were—yeas 102, nays 94—as follows:
YEAS— Messis. Abbott. Ashmun, Barringer, Barrow*, Bel-
cher, Blacktnar, Botts, Boyden, Brady, liuckner, Builer,
Cabell, Canby, Chnginan, Cocke, Collamer, Conget, Cran
ston, CnsfieUi, CioweJl, Cioz«er, Dickey, Dixon, Duer, G.u-
nert Duncan, Dunn, Eekert, Edwards, Embree, Alexander
Evans, Nathan Evans, Farreliy, Fisher, Flournoy, Freedley,
Fulton, Games, Gayle, Gentry, Giddings, Goggut, Gott, Gree-
ley, Giogory, GrinnelJ, Hale, Nathan K. Hall, James G.
Hampton, Moses Hampton, Henry, Htlhard, I. E. Holmes,
Elias B. Holmes, John VV. Houston, Hubbard, Hudson, Jo-
seph R. Ingersoil, Irvin, John W.Jones, Kellogg, Thomas
Butler King, Darnel P. King, WilliamT. Lawrence.,Lincoln,
Mcilvaiiie, Horace Mann, Marsh, Marvin, Muiun, Nes,
Outlaw. Paltrey, Pendluon, Pollock, Preston, Putnam, Rtj-
nolds, juhus Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Roman, Root,
Rurmey, John, Sci.fcuck, Sheppud, Sheinli. Silvetter,
Shn^eriai d, Calen B. Simtl', Truman Smith, Stephens, An-
drew Swwatt, Stiohm, ToJl>ns.di;o, Taylor, Richard Vv\
Thompson, John H. The rnpson,Toombs, V an Dvke, Vinton,
Warren,and White—]02.
NAYS—Messrs. Atkinson, Bayly, Beale, Bedmger, Bird-
saiJ, Bocotk, Bowl.n, Boyd, budge*, Brcdheacr, Charles
1 Brown, Burt, Cathoart, Chase, Ciapp, Franklin Clark, Bev-
i eriy L. Claiko. Howell (Jobbj Williamson R. VV. Cobb, Cum-
i mms, Daniel, Darling, Ed&all, Faran, FickUn, French, Fries,
| Green, W.P. Hall, I-Ltmmons, Harais-on. Han is, Henley, Hill,
i George S. Houston, Inge, Cliatles J. Lngersoil, Iver^on, Jen-
kins, James H. Joiih^on, Robert W. Johnson, George VV.
Jones, Kaufman, Kennon, Lahm,La Sdre, Sidney Law-
rence, Leffisr, LigonrLord, Lumpkin, Lynde, Maelay, Mc-
Clelland, McUieriiand, McDowell, McKay, McLane, Mc-
Queen, Job Mann, Meade, iVhiler, Morris, Morse, Muiphy,
Nicoll, Feaslee, Peck, Petrie, Peyton, Pii&bury, Richey,
Robm-on, Rockhill, Savvyei, Smart, Robert Smiih, Stanton,
Charles £. Stuart, Strong, Thomas, Jame?- Thompson, Rob-
ert A. Thompson, William Thompson, Thurston, Turner,
Vemible, Wallace, Wentwoilh, Wick, Wiley, Williams,
Wilmot,and Woodward—94. *
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the table.
Mr. GOGGIN rose to a privileged question, and
moved to reconsider the vote by which the first'
amendment (embracing, he said,substantially this
amendment) was rejected by the House, and to
lay that motion on the table.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, (in his seat.) How did
you vote ?
Mr. GOGGIN. I voted in the negative.
Mr. COBB asked the yeas and nays, which
were not ordered.
A«d the motion to reconsider was laid on the
i table.
I' The question-recurred on the third reading of
j the bill, and on ordering the amendments to be
engrossed, and was agreed to.
Mr. TURNER. The next question is on the
passage Of the bill; I move the previous question.
The SPEAKER said the motion was not in
order; the bill had not been read a third time.
Mr. WENTWORTH inquired if the amend-
ments had been engrossed ?
The SPEAKER replied that they had not. The*
bill could not be read a third time to-day, except^
by unanimous consent.
The bill accordingly took its place on the Speak-
er's tabic.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to reconsider
the vote ordering the bill to a third reading, and
the amendments to be "engrossed; and moved to
lay that motion on the table; which latter motion
was agreed to.
Mr. GRINNELL, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill making appropriations for
light-houses, light-boats, buoys, beacons, &c.t and
providing for the erection and establishment of the
same, and for other purposes; which was read
twice, committed, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. G. also, from the same committee, reported,
a joint resolution to authorize the employment o 
two or more vessels of the navy in testing the
Ocean tracks recommended by Lieutenant Maury,
accompanied by a report in writing; which reso-
; lutPon was lead twice rind laid on the table, and
| the resolution and report ordered to be printed.
REVENUE LAWS AJNTD THE TERRITORIES.
Mr. GREGORY, from the same committee, re-
ported the following resolution:
Resolved, That'the Committee of the Whole House on the
state of the l iuon be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the House WJl No. 734,-being a feiJI to extertd' the
revenue laws of the United States over the territory and
waters of Upper California, and to ereare aveoHectioi! dis-
trict therein, a#d that saj,a bijl be now considered & the
House for engrossment. ; " '
The SPEAKER said a vote of two-thirds wuld
be required for the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. NICOLL asked the yeas and nays; wijich
were refused, ,
Mr. ASHMUN called for the reading of the reso-
lution; which was again read.
^ Mr. HALL, of Missouri, asked for tjejlerp on
the adoption of the resolution, and they were
ordered, (Messrs. Morehead and Nicoll.
The question on the adoption of the resolution
was then taken, and decided in the affirmative—
ayes 107, noes 35.
So two-thirds voting in the affirmative, the reso-
lution was adopted. ^
And the bill being thus before the House—
Mr. GREGORY moved the previous question on
its engrossment.
Mr. TURNER moved a reconsideration,of the
vote by which the resolution had be§n adopted.
The SPEAKER inquired whether the gentle-
man had voted with the prevailing side?
Mr. TCJRNER replied that he had so voted.
Mr. T. proceeded to remark that he should not
have made the motion, if it had not been f<*r the
fact that he knew the previous question would^ be
called on the passage of the bill.
The SPEAKER interposed, and said tViat the
question related to the priority of business, and
was not, therefore, debatable.
Mr. TURNER said he supposed it would be in
order to state his reasons why he was opposed 
The SPEAKER. No, sir.
The motion to reconsider was then withdrawn.
Tlie question recurring on the demand for the
previous question, there was a second; and the
main question was ordered to b$ now taken, (w,h>ch
main question was on the engrossment of the b'ill.)
Tlfe bill was then read through. . ...
Mr. DUER inquired of the Speaker, whether
there was not an amendment pending which, had
been offered by a gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Root,]
extending the Wilmot proviso?
The SPEAKER said there was no such amend-
ment pending.
Mr. DUER moved that the bill be laid upon the
table. ^ i
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered;
-and, being taken, resulted—yeas.38, nays 145.
So the bill was not laid on the tab|e.
The question recurring on ordering the bill to be
engrossed, was taken and agreed to.
Mr. TURNER moved to reconsider the vote on
the engrossment.
He said he wished to make a few remarks before
he moved to Jay the motion on the table, which he
intended to do before he sat down.- It.seemed to
him that they were presenting themselves in a, very
inconsistent attitude in the eyes of the world by
passing such a vote as this.
Mr. COCKE rose to a point of order, and in-
quired whether the gentleman from Illinois" had
voted in the affirmative on the engrossment?
The SPEAKER stated that no division having
been taken, any gentleman couid move a reconsid-
eration.
Mr. TURNER (resuming) begged gentlemen
not to be uneasy, as he assured them he had no
idea of making an hour's speech.
It was not (he proceeded to say) a century since
the Colonies which now formed these United States,
revolted from the parent Government, and the prin-
cipal ground of the Revolution was, that the parent
Government taxed the Colonies without allowing
them reorcsentation. Now, he asked, in case they
passed this bill, if they did not jjresent themselves
in precisely'the position of the parent Government
in taxing her colonies' If we extended our rev-
enue laws over the Territories of California and
New Mexico, and established ports of entry, and
appointed officers there, of course we did it for the
purpose of collecting taxes m those ports. Wow,
he held that the right of taxation depended upon
a condition precedent, viz: that before a government
could tax its people, it must afford them protec-
tion Had we in any manner afforded that people
projection? Had we given them a government?
Had we given them civil officers? Had we done
anything for their protection? Certainly not.
- Mr. GRINNELL interposed, and asked the
i:
