1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. ATCHISON presented a memorial from the
Legislature of Missouri, asking a grant of lands
for the construction of the Hannibal and St. Jo-
seph railroad; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lauds.
On motion of Mr. FITZPATRICK, it was
Orieici, That Adain Hall have leave to withdraw his
papers.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
On motion of Mr. YULEE, the Committee on
Naval Affairs were discharged from the further
consideration of the bill from the House for the
relief of Martha Dameron, widow of Christopher
Tompkins, and it was referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. YUL.EE, from the Committee on Naval
Affaire, made an adverse report on the petition of
CharlesColburn; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
On motion of Mr. YULEE, the Committee on
Naval Affairs were discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of Calvin Blythe, ex-
•ecutor of Captain Jesse D. Elliott.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on Navpl
Affairs, reported House bill for the relief of Ed-
ward Myers, without amendment.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee -on Fi-
nance, reported a bill to remit or refund duties
upon goods, wares, and merchandise destroyed by
fire; which was read and ordered to a second read-
ing.
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on the
Contingent Expenses of the Senate, to whom was
referred the resolution in relation to the appoint-
ment' of JMoah Hanson and Joseph Hedriek as
- messengers, reported the same, recommending its
adopiion.
Mr. BALDWIN, from the Committee on Claims,
reported House bill for the relief of the President
and Directors of the Union Bank of Florida, with-
out amendment.
Mr. UPHAM, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported House bill for the relief
of the grandchildren of Major General De Kalb,
with an amendment.
Mr. BRADBURY, from the Committee on
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the heirs
and representatives of the late Robert Sewell;
which was read and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, reported the joint resolution
from the House respecting the bounty land and
pay allowed to the substitutes of men enlisted for
the Mexican war, with an amendment providing
that 111 no case shall two warrants be granted to
the substitute and to the soldier for whom he is a
substitute.
On motion of Mr.'JOHNSON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider this joint resolution, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, when the amendment, after
an explanation from Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi,
was agreed to.
Mr. DOWNS moved the following amendment:
And that a like privilege be extended to such soldiers as
have been enli&ted for live years, and seived during the war,
but were honorably discharged tor special reasons belore the
expiration of the live years. #
Which, after remarks from Mr. DOWNS, Mr.
DAVIS of Mississippi, Mr. JOHNSON of Loui-
siana, and Mr. WEBSTER, was negatived.
The bill was then read a third time, and passed.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
Mr. CLARKE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved^ That the Committee on Military Affdirs be in-
structed to inqiiiie into the expediency of repealing the 11th
section of an act making provision for an additional number
of general ofijcets, and foe other purposes, approved 3d
March, 1S47, and that the committee report by bill or other-
Wise.
Mr. SEBASTIAN submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the denate be hereby di-
rected to deliver to the Commissioner of Patents, for the use
of the Patent Office, 500 copies of the 10,000 copies of the
report of the Commissioners on the-explosion of steam boil-
ers, ordered to be printed at the present session.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr. Pearce, was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to communicate to the Senate whether additional rooms are
needed for the use of the Government, for the safe custooy
of its aichives,and for the transaction of business connected
with the several departments; and whether, in his opinion,
the building on the corner of F and 17th streets, belonging
585
to William H. Winder, is suitable for such purposes; and
wheeler it is expedient topmchase said building, it the same
can be had for a leasonable puce.
BILLS. ETC., ON LEAVE.
Mr. RUSK asked and obtained leave to intro-
duce a joint-resolution providing for a branch mint
at San Francisco; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, pursuant to notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a joint resolution
providing for an amendment of the Constitution;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
piinted.
RECESS.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr, Atherton, was taken up for consideration:
Resolved, That the Senate will to-day take a recede from
four o'clock, p. m. until aix o'clock, p. m.
On the question of the adoption of the resolution,
the decision appearing to be adverse—
Mr. ATHERTON asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The question was then taken, and decided as
follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Atherton, Bradbury, Breese, Clarke,
Dickinson, Dix, Douglas, Downs, Fitzgerald, Foote, John-
son of Louisiana, iviangum, Nile*, Rusk, Spruance, Stur-
geon, Underwood, and Westcott—18.
NAV S—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Ba'dwin, Berrien, Bor-
land, Bright, Butier, Calnoun, Convm. Ddvi^ol Mississippi,
Dayton, Fekh, Fiizp.unciv, Greene^ Hamlin, Houston,
Hunter, Johnson oi Maryland, Johnson of Georgia, King,
Mason, Millei, Pearce, Sebastian, Turnev, Uphani, Web-
ster, and Yulee—2b.
So the resolution was rejected.
' GEORGE POINDEXTER.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, moved to post-
pone the prior ordeis, and to take up the bill for
the relief of George Poindexter; which was neg-
atived.
WIDOWS AND ORPHANS.
The bill to require heads of bureaus and other
officers at the seat of Government, m examining;
and deciding upon claims arising out of the late
war with Mexico, to give preference and priority
in such examinations to those belonging to and
preferred by widows and orphans or their agents,
was taken up on the question of its third reading.
Mr. PEARCE. I hope the bill will not pass.
It introduces a new principle m legislation, and one
that is entirely out of place, it proposes to'set
apart and distinguish one class of cases and give
them a preference over another, without reference
to the urgency of the case, without reference to the
character of the individuals concerned, or to the
period of time during which the application has
been pending; il sets all these considerations aside
in favor of a certain class of cases supposed to be
more meritorious. 1 think this is essentially wrong
in itself. It is wrong in principle and wrong in its
details, because if carried out it will work the gross-
est, injustice; it will allow a claim that is presented
to-day to have precedence over the application o?
another claimant who "may be in the most extreme
distress, whose claim may have been pending for
years. It gives precedence to the claims of to-day,
whether the claimants come before the accounting
officers in peison or by attorney. Tins is mani-
festly wrong m principle; and it is wrong in another
point of view, it seems to me to be introducing
sentimentality m legislation. 1 beg pardon of the j
gentleman who may have charge of this proposed
enactment for having said so much, but i think it
is entirely out of place. It is Well to cultivate sen-
timents of gallantry; it is exceedingly beautiful in
private life, but it is not becoming in the legisla-
tion of Congress. It is well enough in individual
cases, but we must legislate for classes of cases;
and even if we do regard this as a class of cases
which deserve special attention from Congress, we
shall nevertheless be obliged to confess that this
law does not carry out the principle by providing
for that class of cases which is entitled to the sym-
pathy of everybody. I submit that under this
law the class that is called old maids, whose cases
may have been pending for years, must give way
at any moment to a new claim from a widow or an
orphan. Now, for my own part, I really think it
is wrong that that class which is most deserted m
society should be most deserted in legislation. • 1 •
think we ought to get rid of this sentimentality in !'
legislation; and, theiefore, I move to lay the bill j
upon the table. j
The motion was agreed to. '
BILLS FROM THE HOUSE.
The bill to extend the provisions of an act; ap*
proved March 3, 1847, for carrying into effect thfr
existing compacts with the States of Alabama arid
Mississippi, with regard to the five per cent, fund
and school reservations, having been returned from
the House of Representatives with an amend-
ment—
On motion of Mr. KING, .the amendment of
the tiouse was concurred in.
A bill from the House of Representatives to
grant preemption rights for certain islands in the
Great Miami river, was read a first -ant* second
fime, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
A bill from the House of Representatives to
transfer the towns of Vina] Haven, North Haven,
and Jslesboro', fiorn the collection district of Pe*
nobscot 'to that of Belfast, in the State of Maine,
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
A bill from the House of Representatives to reg-
; ulate the mileage of members and delegates in Con-
! gress, and for other purposes, was read a first and
j second time, and referred to the Committee on the
i Post Office and Post Roads.
• A. C. BRYAN AND OTHERS.
On motion of Mr. BORLAND, the prior orders
■ were postponed, and the Senate proceeded to con-
; sider the bill for the relief of A. C. Bryan and
| others. The biil was then considered as in Com-
I mittee of the Whole, and no amendment being
: offered, it was ordered to a third reading. The *
| bill was subsequently read a third time, and°pas&ed.
j JOHN CRAWFORD.
i On njotion of Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, the
| prior orders were postponed, and the Senate pro-
| cecded to consider the bill for the relief of John
j Crawford. .The bill was then considered as in
| Committee of the Whole, and no amendment
' being offered, the bill was ordered to a third read-
ing. The bill was subsequently read a thiid ume,
and passed.
TERRITORY OF CALIFORNIA.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill making appropriations for the civil and diplo-
matic service of the United States, for the year'
ending the 30th of June, 1850.
The question being on the amendment submitted
by Mr. Walker, which, as modified at the sug-
gestion of Mr. Foote, is as follows; the brackets
inclosing the words inserted by Mr. Foote.
Sec   Jlnd be 11 further enacted, That the Constitution
of the United State^ and all and singular the several acts of
Congress respecting the registering, recording, enrolling, or
licensing ships or vessels, and the entry and clearance
thereof, and the foreign and coasting trade and fisheries,
and ail the acts respecting the'imposing and collecting of
duties on imports, and all acts respecting trade and inter-
comsewith the Indian tribes, and all acts respecting the
public Imds [or the surveyor sale thereof, and all and sin-
gular the other acts of Congress of a public and general
character, and the provisions whereof are suitable and
proper to be applied] to the territory \ve*t of the Rio del
Norte, acquired from Mexico by the treaty of hie second
day ot Februaiy, eighteen hundred and foity-eight, be, and
the same me hereby, extended over and given, and made in
lull force and efficacy in all said temtoiy; and the President
ot the United States be, and he is berenv, authouzed to
prescribe and estuuhsh all proper and needful rules and re-
lations (m eonlorimt} wilh the Constitution oi the United
Stato) for the enforcement of said Jaws m wud territory,
and for the preservation of order and tianqmihty, and the
eM.ihhshment or-justice therein, and from tune to tune to
modisv or change the said tules and regulations in such
manner as may seem to him discreet and piopei, and may
prescribe and e&tdiili&h, temporarily, such divisions, di>tricts
! office^, and {urungeinunui pioper for the execution ot
s.ud laws, and appointand commission such oiTiceis as may
be necessary to administer such laws in said teriitory for
£>uch town or term* as he may prescribe, whose authority
shall continue until otherwise provided by Congress; said
ohiceis to receive such compensation as lite President may
prescribe, not exceeding double the compensation heretofoie -
paid to sumlai olficers of the United States, or its territories,
for like services; and to enable the same to be done, the
sum of two bundled thousand dollars be appropriated, out
of any money in the tieasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. DAYTON moved to amend the amendment
by substituting the following:
That until the end of the first session of the next Con-
gress, unless other provision for the government of the Ter-
ritories recently acquired from Mexico, under the late treaty
with that Government, (dated second February, eighteen
hundred and forty-eight,) be sooner made by Congress, ali
the military, civil, and judicial powers exercised l v the
officers of the existing government of the same Tern tones
shall be vested in such person or persons, and shall be ex-
ercised in such manneras the President of the United States
shall direct, for the maintaining the inhabitants of said Ter-
ritories m the fiee enjoj ment of {heir liberty, property, and
religion; and the laws of the United States, relating to the
