680
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 23,
i-pv<>nue and its colfection, shall be extended to said Terri-
tories And (he Prudent of the-UuitPd Stares shall bo, and
he is !>Pieftv,'UJthoriz"d, wiifcm the term aforesaid, to estab-
ji-h ?uch district* for the aoHection of the revenue, and
dming the recess of Congress appoint roch ofneers^whose
<"omuHSi>ions sbaH expire at the end of the next &et>s>ion of
Congress, to enforce the «ald laws as to him shall seem ex-
pedient;'said officers to receive such compensation as the
president tnav prescribe, not exceeding double the compen-
sation heretofore paid to sitnjlar officers of the. United States
or itS'-Territones, for like services; a«; d to enable the same
to he donp, the sum of two hundred thousand dollars be ap-
propriated out of any money in the treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
Mr. DAYTON addressed the Senate at length
in advocating his amendment.
Mr. WEBSTER followed against all these
amendments, as only tending to delay the appro-
priation bill* stating that he would offer his when
the House bill to extend the revenue laws over
California should come up.
Mr. FOOTE occupied thefiooruntil fouro'clock
in reply.
Mr. WALKER expressed a wish to reply in
defence of his proposition.
Mr. ATHERTON, Mr. DOUGLAS, and Mr.
DIX, made some remarks, when—
Mr. HALE moved that the Senate nowadjourn:
aye15? 17, noes 23.
After a few remarks from Mr. BREESE and
Mr. DOUGLAS—
The Senate adjourned.
[A full report of this Debate will be found in the
Appendix.]
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 23, 1849.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. BO WDON-asked the general consent of
the House to introduce a proposition, (the nature
of which was not ascertained by the reporter.)
Mr. ASHMUN objected, and called for the reg-
ular order of business.
REDUCTION OF POSTAGE.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved that the rules be sus-
pended, for the purpose of enabling him to intro-
duce a bill to reduce the rates of postage, and to
make the same uniform throughout the United
'States, irrespective of"distance.
'The question beiftg taken, the rules were not
suspended.
Mr. BOWLIN moved to reconsider the vote on
the joint resolution to authorize medats and other
testimonials to foreigners assisting American sea-
men; which was laid over.
PRIVATE BILLS.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, remarking
that this was the last day on which private hills
could be acted upon which were not objected to,
moved that the House proceed to their considera-
tion. In order to facilitate the despatch of the
business, he asked leave to offer the following res-
olution, and if objections were made, he said he
should move a suspension of the rules:
Resolved, That private bills from the Senate shall bo the
special ouier for this day; and those bills to which there
shall t«e no objection shall be hist consideied.
Mr. WENTWORTH and other gentlemen ob-
jected.
The question was taken on the suspension of
the rules, and was decided in the negative.
Mr. ROCKWELL moved that the House re-
solve itself into Committee of the'Whole, for the
consideration of bills on the private calendar.
The question was taken by tellers—Messrs.
Rockwell and Boyd—and was decided in the
negative.
MEXICAN INDEMNITIES.
Mr. J> R. INGERSOLL asked the general con-
sent, and, if that was refused, gave notice that he
should move a suspension of the rules, to enable
him to offer a-resolution making the bill providing
for Mexican indemnities the special order for to-
morrow, (Sfituiday.)
Mr. COLLAMER said he thought it was a duty
due to gentlemen in the House who had had re-
ports ori hand for more than a mon'th, to insist
upon the regular order of business, that the com-
mittees might be called in order.
The SPEAKER announced the question on the
suspension of ihe rules.
Mr. SMITH, of Connecticut, inquired of the
Chair whether, as the House had already made a
special order in this case, which stood upon the
Journal, a new special order would alter the 'con-
dition of the hill at all?
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL stated that the special
order had been made for Tuesday last, and he un-
derstood that it was exhausted. If that was the
case, it was perfectly in order to make a new spe-
cial order. ^
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, inquired
whether the passage of the resolution would post-
pone the special orders which had already been
made?
The SPEAKER replied that it was quite im-
possible for the Chair to decide upon the cases
of inconsistency and ©onfiict between the special
orders as they were proposed. The House must
pass its special orders, and when they were on the
record the Chair would decide between them.
Mr. McCLELLAND inquired if 'it had not
always been the practice of the House to allow the
special orders to follow each other in their order?
The SPEAKER. Undoubtedly so, by the rules
of the House; but the gentleman will remember
that the proposition of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is to suspend all the rules of the House.
Mr. STARKWEATHER inquired if the reso-
lution made the biil the special order for to-mor-
row?
The SPEAKER replied that it did.
The question was'taken, and the motion to sus-
pend the rules was rejected.
Mr. WENTWORTH called for the regular
order of business.
. PAY DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY.
Mr. BURT asked the unanimous consent of the
House, and in case that were refused, that he should
be under the necessity of moving to suspend the
rules, to take up the bill to reorganize the pay de-
partment of the army.
The whole House (he remarked) knew the ne-
cessity of the bill, and if it was not now acted
upon it could not be at this session. He assured
the House it need not take twenty-five minutes to
dispose of it.
Mr. WENTWORTH asked if the bill to which
the gentleman from South Carolina referred was
notupon the Speaker's table? and if they proceeded
in the regular order of business, and refused to
ad journ as they had done for several days, it could
notj.be reached in the regular order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has the-right to
state that the biil is on the Speaker's table.
Mr. WENTWORTH. And can be reached in
the regular order of business ?
The SPEAKER. And can he reached in the
regular order of business.
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
Burt to suspend the rules, and it was rejected.
The SPEAKER said the Chair desired to state
to the House, before the businessproceeded further
that tins day, being Friday, private business was
jn order, and the call of the committees was not in
order. If the House allowed the business to go on
in its order, private bills on their engrossment on
the Speaker's table would be first in order. If the
House did not then go into Committee of the
Whole on the private calendar, or into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, it would
be in order to call the committees for reports for
one hour, and then to proceed to the business on
the Speaker's table. The first business in order
was private bills on their engrossment on the
Speaker's table.
COLONEL WTLLIAM R. M'KEE.
Mr. ADAMS moved to suspend the rules, to dis-
charge the Committee of the Whole from the fur-
ther consideration of the bill for the relief of the
widow and children of Col. William R. McKee-.
He said, that while he had been a member of
the House, he had troubled the House but little,
and he trusted he would be indulged by the House
in making a remark or two before the motion to
suspend was put.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will proceed
if there are no objections.
No objection being made—
Mr. ADAMS proceeded to say, that he wished
only to state to those gentlemen on this floor who
were conscientiously opposed to the payment for
slaves, that by reference to this bill and the report
accompanying it, it faould-be seen that there wasno
provision for the payment of slaves. He glanced
for a moment at the provisions of the bill to sus-
tain the explanation which he had made.
Mr. DUNN stated that there was no controversy
in the case in reference to a slave. That question,
it was perfectly clear, could not arise, for it wag a
case in which the Government was not bound to
pay for any description of property. That ques-
tion wa$ expressly excluded from the case by the
report of the committee.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, requested the gentle-
man from Kentucky to state, before a vote was
taken on the motion to suspend, what the bill pro-
posed to do on behalf of the widow and children
of Colonel McKee?
Mr. ADAMS replied, that it proposed to give
two thousand dollars to the widow and children,
and to each of the children a quarter section of
land.+
Mr. HALL. "Well, I object.
The question was then taken, and the rules were
not suspended.
A^-message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickens, Esq., Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed certain bills, &c.
CALIFORNIA-.
Mr. MEADE rose, and gave notice that he
would ask leave to introduce a bill, or that he
would offer an amendment to some other bill
which might be appropriate, for the following
purposes: To establish a mint in California, and
directing the President of the United States to
send to the harbor of San Francisco the ship Penn-
sylvania, with a min^and the necessary officers
and fixtures for the coinage of money, and to pre-
vent foreigners from digging gold in California on
their own account, who shall not declare their
intention to become citizens, and take the oath of
allegiance.
Mr. M. said that he had made this statement,
in order that gentlemen might turn their attention
to the subject when it should come up.
The SPEAKER said, if no objection was made,
the motion would be entered on the Journal.
And it was so ordered.
Mr. BEDINGER asked the House to proceed
to the consideration of a joint resolution from the
Senate.
Mr. B. was proceeding to remark, that the ob-
ject of the resolution was to allow persons going
to California 
The SPEAKER said the motion could only be
entertained by general consent.
Objection was made.
SWAMP LANDS OF LOUISIANA.
Mr. HARM ANSON^moved that the rules of the
House be suspended, for the purpose of enabling
him to move that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the bill to aid the State of
Louisiana in reclaiming the swamp lands therein.
Tellers were asked for and ordered, (Messrs.
Harmanson and Hudson-;) and the question, Shall
the rules be suspended? was taken, and decided in
the negative—ayes 86, noes 94.
So two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
| rulies were not suspended.
EVENING SESSION.
Mr. 3jpER asked the general consent of the
House to offer the following resolution, which was
read for information:
Resolved, That on and after Monday next the House,
when it sooner adjourns, will hold an evening session, com-
mencing at five o'clock.
Objections were made.
Mr. DUER moved a suspension of the rules, to
enable him to offer the resolution.
Mr. HENLEY asked the yeas and nays, which
were refused.
After a brief conversation between Mr. COL-
LAMER and the SPEAKER, the question, Shall
the rules be suspended ? was taken, and decided in
the negative—ayes 18, noes not counted.
So the rules were not suspended, and the reso-
lution was not received.
BUSINESS ON THE SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr. YINTON rose and said, that for the pur-
pose of doing some business, as it was evident
that otherwise nothing would be done to-day, he
would move that the rules of the House be sus-
pended, for the purpose of proceeding to the con-
sideration of business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, said he hoped he might
be permitted to inquire of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means [Mr. Yinionj
