1849.
Tffl CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•whether all the appropriation bills hatj, passed this
House ?
Mr. VINTON. No, sir; there is one that has
not passed.
Mr. COBB. Do you object to go into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, for the
purpose of taking up that bill?
Mr. VINTON. I have no objection; but as I
have made the motion that the House proceed to
the consideration of business on the Speaker's
table, I should like to try and see what will be-
come of it.
Mr. COBB. I hope those gentlemen who are
in favor of passing the general appropriation bills
will vote that motion down.
The SPEAKER said he would give notice that
if the House decided, by a suspension of the rules,
to proceed to the consideration of business on the
Speaker's table, that business must be proceeded
with until the adjournment.
The question (the Speaker stated) was on the
motion to suspend the rules. .
Mr. WENTWORTH asked the yeas and nays
thereon, which were ordered.
The question, " Shall the rules be suspended ?"
was then taken, and decided in the negative—yeas
101, nays 74.
So, two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended, and the House refused
to proceed to the consideration of business on the
Speaker's (able.
Mr. WENTWORTH rose to inquire of the
Speaker whether the House could, by a majority
vote, proceed to call the committees for reports, for
one hour ?
The SPEAKER said the House might by a
majority decide not to proceed to'the consideration
of private business. The twenty-ninth rule of
the Housejprovided that "Friday and Saturday in
every week shall'be set apart for the consideration
of private bills and private business* in preference
to any other, unless otherwise determined by a
majority of the House." If the House should
vote not to proceed to the consideration,of private
business, the Speaker was of opinion that the or-
dinary rules of the House would be in force, and
he would proceed to call the committee for reports.
Mr. WENTWORTH. As the House has voted_
on that proposition 
A'Member. Do not debate.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I am not going to de-
bate. .Don't be alarmed. 1 now move that this
House do not proceed to the consideration of pri-
vate business to-day. And I give notice, if that
motion shall lie agreed to, that I shall follow it up
with a motion that the House proceed to the regu-
lar order of business.
The SPEAKER staled the question.
Mr. VINTON inquired whether the motion of
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wentworth]
would prevent or supersede a motion to suspend
the rules ?
The SPEAKER answered in the negative.
Mr. VINTON then moved that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered, and,
being taken, were—yeas 116, nays 66.
So the motion was agreed to.
And the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. White,
of New York, in the chair.)
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATIOJStS.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the committee
proceeded to the consideration of the bill making
appropriations for the support of the Post Office
Department for the year ending 30th June, 1850,
and for other purposes.
The bill was rear? through.
Mr. GOGGIN moved to amend the bill by
substituting therefor a bill for regulating postal
charges, and making appropriations for the service
of the Post Office Department, and for other pur-
poses.
He remarked that the substitute which he pro-
posed not only embraced the reduction of the rates
of postage, but all the bill which was before the
committee, and it further made an appropriation
to supply the deficiencies which might arise in th*e
revenues of the department in the event that the
bill passed.
Mr. VINTON raised a question of order against
the amendment. The gentleman from Virginia
(he said) proposed to amend this bill by a substi-
tute providing for the reduciion of the rates of
postage. The gentleman said he ha*d incorporated
the bill before the committee in his substitute. It
came, then, simply to this, that he proposed to
amend the bill by adding a provision regulating
the rates of postage. He (Mr/V.) contended that
such an amendment was not in ordor to an appro-
priation bill.
The CHAIRMAN sustained the poirft, giving
his leasons therefor, and ruled the amendment out
of-order.
Mr. GOGGIN acquiesced in the decision, and
proposed another amendment, to add the follow-
ing scction:
And that after the 30th day of June next, all letters of half
an ounce in weightshall bf  charged with postage at the rale
of three cents when prepaid, and five cents when not pre-
paid; that all fractional parts of halt" an ounce shall be
charged as a full half ounc«;.
That the postage on newspapers which shall be arranged
into thrpe classes, according to fcize, after the period afore-
said, shall, lor all distances, be one cent, one-half, and one-
fourth of a cent.
That after the *aid 30th day of June next, the postage on
pamphlet*, magazines, periodicals, and reviews, fhall ba
one cent for the tir-t ounce, and one-half cent for each ad-
ditional ounce or fraction thereof: and that after the time
aforesaid, the fiankin" privilege, as now Exercised, b\ any
person or person*, officer or officers, shall cease; and that
all m ul matter ?!utl! then after be charged with pn-tase, ex-
cept memorials and petitions sent to members of either House
of Oonirre.-s when in <?es=ion.
That in order to guard a«ain«t the possibility of any em-
barrassment in the operations ot the Post Office Department,
consequent upon any deficiency of the revenues of-sanl de-
partment which may be occasioned by the reduction of the
rates of postage by this act made, there be, and is hereby,
appropriated the «*um of seven hundred and fiftv thousand
dollars, to be paid out of any money in the treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to be applied under the directions
of the Postmaster General, yj the, same manner the rev-
enues of said department are now by law applied : and the
Postmaster General is hereby authorized to allow to all post-
masters (or the enduing year, each quarter, a compensation,
including commissions, so as the same shall not be Jess than
the^um received bv them for the last quarter of the year
ending the 30th of June, 1849.
Mr. VINTON raised the point that the amend-
ment was irrelevant, and out of order.
The CHAIRMAN sustained the point,and ruled
the amendment out of order.
Mr. GOGGIN appealed from the decision.
The question being on the appeal—
Mr. ASHMTJN remarked th,at this was proba-
bly the only opportunity which the. friends of cheap
postage would have to bring the question before the
House for its action.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, asked for
tellers,-who were appointed, viz: Messrs. Pollock
and Pendleton, who reported—ayes 80, noes 40.
So the decision was sustained, and the amend-
ment was ruled out of order.
Mr. TURNER moved an amendment to strike
out the first section of the bill, and proceeded to
address the committee.
I shall offer no apology (said he) to this com-
mittee for following in the footsteps of a great
many gentlemen who have made speeches on this
floor that have had very little relation to the sub-
ject immediately before the committee. We are
now upon the last days of the session; it is perhaps
the last time when my voice will ever be heard in
this Hall, and I propose to make a few reinaiks
defining some of the views which I hold upon the
subject of slavery, and, in connection with that
subject, upon the question relative to the establish-
ment of territorial governments for New Mexico
and California.
Sir, I hold that it is the duty of the present Con-
gress, short as is the time which remains to it, to
provide a government for the Territory of Califor-
nia, and also a government for the Territory of
New Mexico. T hold that it is our duty to pro-
vide governments for these Territories, from a va-
riety of considerations. The first is, that by treaty
stipulations we have bound ourselves,to the inhab-
itants of those Territories to furnish them govern-
ments, or to furnish them protection until such
time as they may be admitted into the Union of
these States. Sir, a great many different proposi-
tions have been brought before Congress pointing
to that result. We have had Territorial bills, and
we have had bills proposing to admit these Terri-
tories into the union of the States. For one, I am
decidedly in favor of giving these-countries Terri-
torial and not State governments; and for many
reasons. It is well known to every member of
this committee, that the people who are now m
those Territories have emigrated thither from all
parts of the Union. Many of them have gone
for the purpose of-taking up a permanent abod^/
there; many for the temporary purpose of amass-" ~
ing a fortune; and many of them, who went with'
the intention of returning, will perhaps remain-
permanently, in consequence of the' imlueementa
whieh are held out to them. But would it be jus-'
tice to that people—would it be justice' to our friends;
and brethren who have gone there from the sev-
eral States of this Union—to throw upon them at
this time the burdens and expenses ofa State gov-
ernment? Why, these Democrats have not yet
houses to shelter themselves from the inclemencies
of the elements; they have not yet fields reduced
to cultivation, from which they can raise the neces-
saries of life; they are almost* unable to subsist; >
and shall we, in this state oflhe case, throw upon
them the additional burden of supporting and main-
taining a State government? It would he rolling
upon them a burden which has never been thrown
upon any other people in similar circumstances;
Mr. TALLMADGE rose to a point of order.
The bill under consideration, he said, was a bill
making appropriations for the Post Office Oepait-
ment, and the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Tim-
Kcn] was now discussing the question of slavery.
He put it to the committee, whether the publie
business was thus to be suspended from day to,
day by discussions totally irrelevant to the subject-
matters before it.
The CHAIRMAN said, that according to the
universal usage, when the House was in Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, all
manner of matter was debated; and the Chair
therefore felt obliged to decide in favor of the gen-
tleman from'Illinois, [Mr. Turner,] and to over-
rule the point of order. -
Mr. TALLMADGE applied from the de-
cision.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan, called for tellers
on the appeal; which were refused. ' - '
After some conversation, the question w'as-taken,
and the decision of the "Chair was affirmed.
So Mr. TURNER proceeded with his remarks.
He said that he certainly felt, under great obliga-
tions to the committee for the courtesy it had
shown him. He hoped, that the question of order
being now settled, he should be permitted to go on
and make the few remarks which be proposed to
submit. He did not expect that he should occupy
the whole hour allowed by the rule. He might,
however, do so. He had no promises to make on
that point.
At the time he had- been interrupted, he was re-
marking that it was unjust and unfair to throw the
burdens of the State governments upon those-em-
igrants who had gone to these Territories from the
different States.
Mr. McCLERNAND interposed, and asked his
colleague to yield the floor for a moment.
Mr. TURNER'having done So—
Mr. McCLERNAND said he understood his
colleague to admit the right of the people of Cal-
ifornia, and of every other people to, govern them-
selves; this was an inherent and inalienable right.
Very well; if the people of California had peti-
tioned Congress for its consent, to enable them to
form a State government, would not the gentle-
man give it? would he not let the people judge for
themselves? Besides, it would be left to the peo-
ple of California to accept or reject the offer of our
consent. There would be no compulsion m the'
case.
Mr. McC. differed from his colleague; he would
vote for any proper measure, designed to facilitate
the formation of a State government by the people
of California, and the admission of such State into
the Union. He believed sound policy anil public
duty demanded this.
Mr. TURNER resumed. I know that a great
many gentlemen in this House are in favor of
erecting these Territories into States at the present
time. I am not exceedingly vftin of my powers
to persuade or convince; but I believe that if pre-
judice could be kid entirely aside, and this ques-
tion could be stripped of the external circum-
stances which invest it, I could convince every
member of this House that it is not pioper, at this
time, to erect these Territories into State govern-
ments. But the subject was so invested with exT
ternal circumstances fhat the minds of men were
not prepared to receive even a sound argument in
j relation to it. J-address myself, through thiscom-
1 mittee,«to my constituents and to the country at
