1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
589
for the purpose of receiving a message from the
President of the United States, by the hands of J.
K. Walker, Esq., his Private Secretary, stating
that the President had approved and signed certain
bills.
The CHAIRMAN resumed the chair.
Mr. TURNER proceeded with his remarks. I
have just been informed (he said) that the gentle-
■ man who" gave me the statement a short time ago,
and which I communicated to the committee, that
the Missouri compromise was among the records
of the Senate, in the handwiiting of Mr. Clay,
was mistaken. It was the tarili" compromise. 1
'* think it proper to make this public explanation.
~ But it does not alter the fact that Mr. Clay has
always been regarded as the author of that great
measure.
When I was interrupted, I was proceeding to
* show what I considered the duty of the northern
States to be in respect to fugitive slaves. And 1
advance no new doctrine when 1 say, that in the
early history of our Government, slavery was re-
garded as a local institution. And I have the au-
thority of almost every southern State in the Union
for making that assertion. I believe it to be the
constitutional provision; I believe slavery to be a
• local institution; and 1 know very well, that in
reply to all the abolition lectures ever delivered in
the northern part of the Republic, the ground was
clearly taken that slavery was a local institution,
and that it belonged to the States where it existed.
1 know, too, that this is a doctrine of the South.
If, then, it is a local institution* I inquire, what
. part have we to take in arresting fugitive slaves
under the provision of the Constitution? The
clause of that instrument which provides for the
delivering up of fugitives from ju^tice^requires that
application shall be made to the Executive of the
State, and that through him the fugitives shall be
given up. Now, an attempt is made to show that
the case in lespect to fugitive slaves is a parallel
case. I hold that it is not. I know that this is
the ground taken by the Supiemc Court in the
celebrated case of Prigg. And I feel confident that
the Supreme Court erred when it held that claims
' in rela'tion to fugitive slaves were parallel to claims
; of fugitives for crime. They held that something
: . affirmative had to be done by the people of the
North to deliver up the slaves. If slavery is a
local institution, and if it depends on the clause of
the Constitution, I ask, is it our duty to pass Jaws
compelling our magistrates and courts to enter into
the business of recapturing-and delivering up slaves?
> • Now, the complaint m the Southern Address is,
; that we have aided the escape of fugitive slaves.
I defy any gentleman on this floor, or elsewhere, to
i point to'a single instance where a law has been
; , passed by any of. the Northern States to prevent a
master from recapturing his slave. Such a law has
; never been passed.
The ground of complaint (if ground of complaint
there be) is, that we have forbidden our officers to
[ meddle in recaptunng slaves, have denied the use
. of our prisons for this pmpose. A gentleman near
■ me reminds me that we have also passed law3
; • making it penal for our citizens to aid in the re-
capture of slaves. 1 am not aware of the fact,
though it may be so. If it is so, I want to know
1 if it interferes with the constitutional provision.
• There is no clause of the Constitution which re-
quires us to aid and abet the master in the pursuit
: of his slave. Such a law has never been passed.
^ Mr. MEADE interposed, and begged to remind
the gentleman from Illinois that the Constitution
imposed a duty, an obligation upon t^ie Stales into
which a slave might escape: that he was to be
" delivered up" upon the claim of the owner. He
would ask the gentleman if the law to which he
; _ had alluded did not interpose obstacles instead of
affording assistance to the owner in the recovery
1 * of his slave?
Mr. TURNER, (continuing.) I am not aware
of any law that thrown any obstacles in the way
of the master in the recovery of his slave against
the requirements of the Constitution. If it is an
obstacle that our prisons are barred against them,
and our magistrates required not to arrest them, 1
hold that there is no provision in the Constitution
which requires that we should take any such
measures to aid them. I know, after the Consti-
tution of the United States was adopted, that this
[, subject of slavery was mixed up with the politics
of the country; a great effort was made to pro-
pitiate the South, and laws were passed opening
our jails for the detention of the slave, andv aiding
and abetting the master in his recapture. 1 hold
that these laws, if not unconstitutional, were with-
out the authority of the Constitution.
But the third grand charge brought by this Ad-
dress against the North is, that we have been in
the habit of agitating this subject of slavery; that
we have established presses and made publications
at the North to defend the cause of liberty; that
we have made speeches on the subject, here and
[ elsewhere; that we have attempted, by thesespeech-
1 es, to instigate the slaves to rebellion. I am not
| aware of the fact that we have sent Abolitionists
: into the southern States, though perhaps it has
j been done: but if we have, I hold that we have
| the constitutional right to do so; and one remark
i ought to silence this charge forever: it is, that if
j we have an institution in our country which can-
! not bear the light of truth, which is based upon
j dark ignorance, and depends upon ignorance for
1 its support and countenance, it is time, high time
that that institution should be exposed. 1 do not
say whether slavery is right or wrong, when I
make this assertion. If jt is right,, all the arrows
of falsehood that can be hurled against it, by all
the Abolitionists in Christendom, cannot affect it;
it will stand immutable as the pillars of Heaven.
But if it is wrong—if it is a crime—if it is against
justice—if it is against right and reason—i say,
also, to the South, Beware of discussion! for.I tell
you that the arrows of truth, pointed by the force
of reason, will penetrate to the very center and
foundation of every institution in tht3 Republic
that is against natural right and natural reason.
But have we offended in discussing this subject?
Why, the Constitution expressly guaranties the
right of speech and the liberty of the press. I un-
derstand it to be an inherent right of American
citizenship to assemble together, to discuss, to
fcrgue, to publish, to do everything to disseminate
truth, and even falsehood. But I think, in the
language of a high southern authority, that there
is little danger tt> be apprehended from error when
truth is left free to combat it, before an intelligent
people like the people of the United States. Now,
is it a charge worthy of being put into this grave
declaration of independence that we have dis-
cussed-the subject of slavery in the North? Is it
a sufficient cause why this Union should be dis-
solved, that we at the Noith have discussed the
subject of slavery ?
But there is another charge, viz: that we have
agitated the subject in Congress—that we are con-
stantly exciting the people of the North by bring-
ing in bills and resolutions calculated to interfere
with the constitutional rights of the South. Well,
I am not prepared to say that we may not have,
in some degree, overstepped the cowstitutional
bounds in this respect. But if we have, we have
done it boldly; we have brought our propositions
before Congress and given you the chance to com-
bat them; and I b&heve the people of the North
are honest; 1 believe, as soon as you convince
them that we have overleaped the Constitution,
that they will be ready to retract; and if unconsti-
tutional laws have been passed, I believe the north-
ern people are ready to be convinced of it, and to
instruct their representatives to correct the evil.
Mr. STARKWEATHER interposed, and in-
quired of the gentlemag if he did not speak for
himself, and not for the people of the North?
Mr. TURNER. I speak, as the gentleman says,
for the people of the Noith. I saw a smile upon
the countenances of some gentlemen when 1 stated
that we had perhaps overleaped the Constitution.
I will explain: 1 do not consider that the bringing
in a bill to abolish the slave trade in the District
of Columbia, or the passage of such a bill—if such
a bill were to be passed—would be a violation ot
the Constitution. Although I have always con-
sidered the Wilmot proviso as calculated to agi-
tate rather than to do good, I do not believe that
its adoption by Congress would be a violation of
the Constitution. But we have had bills here, if I
mistake not, for the purpose of abolishing slavery
at the different military posts on the southern, as
well as on the northern frontier. I consider that
any rights reserved by the United States witkg^
the territory of any State, are reserved tor spec^^
purposes, and have nothing to do with the general
sovereignty; and upon a construction of this kind,
it is possible that we may have overleaped the
bounds of the Constitution in proposing to abolish
slavery at these military posts of the United States.
But another ground of complaint in this Address
is, that we seek, by the Wilmot-proviso,"to exclude
the South from"the Territories of New Mexico and
California. This charge is madg the more imposing
from the array of figures which* appear in the South-
ern Address, by which it is attempted to be shown
that the South not only furnished its quota of men
to conduct the war, but actually furnished more
than its just proportion. I deny this statement.
I admit, that so far as mere numbers«re concerned,
not taking into consideration the term of enlist-
ment, the South furnished the greatest number in
proportion to its population; but, considering the
duration of the term of service, including the reg-
ular army and the navy, the North had the prepon-
derance.
There is another fact which I wish to state in
this connection. This is brought as a charge
against the North. It is put forth in this mani-
festo. Now, if the South furnished more men
than the North, what was the cause of it? Was
it because the people of the North were backward
to come forward at the call of their country? .or
was it because a southern man had the reins -of
Government, and received more men into the ser-
vice from the South than from the North ? Why,
the strife was not who should get rid of going to
Mexico, but who should have the opportunity to -
go.*" No effort was required to get troops; on the
contrary, many who were anxious to go could not
have the opportunity. We sent something like
eight regiments, including regulars as well as vol-
unteers, from Illinois, that new and small State,
and yet not one-half went from that State who
were prepared to gp. And because the Govern-
ment did not receive us, is it to be brought as.a
charge against us? If we had had a President
from Illinois, he would perhaps have received more
of our men. I have no reason to complain of the
present Executive; he did as well as he could; But
if he selected more southern men than northern
men—I say selected, because he had to choose;
we had hundreds of thousands of men whose ser-
vices were ready, and from whom a choice was
made—and sent them to the war, I ask if that
should be brought as a charge against the North?
It seems to me unjust. *
I have now noticed all the charges which are
brought against us; and as the Address says noth-
ing about the complaints which we of the North
might make against the South, I propose to men-
tion a few of them. I do not think there is much
difference in the grounds of complaint which the
North and the Sbuth have against each other. If
we have infringed in any measure upon their
rights, they have upon ours also. One would sup-
pose, from reading this celebrated Address, that
the South had never transgressed; that they had
^always been conciliatory; that they had never of-
fended the North in any respect. I consider that
they have. I consider that the most flagrant vio-
lation of the Constitution ever perpetrated in these
United States was the law of South Carolina for-
bidding the colored citizens of Massachusetts from *
going into that State; even imprisoning them when
they go there aboard their vessels. I know it
may be answered that Massachusetts has no right
to make the negroes citizens; but she has iust the
same right as South Carolina has to make them
slaves; and the Supreme Court, in the celebrated
case which has lately been adjudicated within this
Capitol, says in effect that that law of South Car-
olina is unconstitutional. The law of South Caro-
lina not only prevents the black citizen of Massa-
chusetts from going into South Carolina, but it
prevents an appeal being taken from the judgment
of the courts of that State to the Supreme Court
of the United States, and therefore cuts off one of
the inherent rights of the American citizen—the
right of appeal to the superior courts. Is not this
an offence, a cause of complaint? I know it may
be 3aid that this is an old subject, and has been
talked of before; but so have the charges which
are put forth in this Address been talked'of before.
Here, then, is an offence against the Constitution,
against Massachusetts, and all the States who
make the blacks citizens.
But there is another offence, and in that offence
I must say that the people of the North—and I am
sorry to say the party to which I belong—have to
some extent acquiesced, and given their aid and
countenance to it. It is an outrage upon the people
of this Republic, such as would {scarcely be tolerated
in England, oHn any other country. I allude to the
