1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
591
Mr. K. also presented a petition from John C.
Riddle, D. A. Carter, and E.'Simonds, in relation
to a macadamized road across the Isthmus of Te-
huantepec; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. KING piesented ameraorial from the mem-
bers of the bar, and many very respectable citizens
of Mobile, asking for a division of the State of
Alabama into two judicial districts; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Pub-
He Lands, to whom was referred the memorial of
the Legislature of the State-of Arkansas, asking
for a donation of lands, for the purpose of estab-
lishing an asylum for the blind, reported a bill
granting a donation of lands for the bsnefit of
the CUrksville Institute for the Education of the
Blind, and for other purposes of education, in the
State of Arkansas; which was read, and ordered
to a second reading.
Mr. PEARCE, from the Committee on the
Library, reported, without amendment, the joint
resolution from the House of Representatives, for
the distribution-of the Official Register or Blue
Book among the several States.
iVfr. PEARCE, from the Committee on the Li-
brary* to which was referred the joint resolution
from the House for the distribution of the Official
Register or Blue Book among the several States,
reported back the same without amendment, and
asked its immediate consideration.
The reading of the resolution having been asked
for, it was read as follows:
Whereas a number of copies of the Offi'-ial Register or
Blue Book are now deposited in the office of the Secretary
of Slate subject to the order of Congress: therefore,
Resoled, <.yc., That a lull t-et of each, for one 5 em, or to far
as is practicable, be (ununited to each ol the Slate libra-
ries, and, where Uiere uie no State libraries, be deposited
in the office of the Secretary of Stare, and that the Secretary
of State be requested to have the same tiansmitted to them.
The joint resolution was then considered in
Committee of the Whole, and no amendment hav-
ing been offered, was ordered to a third reading,
and was subsequently reatfa third time and passecf. j
Mr. NILES, from the Committee on the Contin-
gent Expenses of-the Senate, to whom -was re-
ferred the resolution of the Senate of the 19th De-
cember, and the resolution of the 30th January,
relative to the contract made with the daily papers
for reporting the proceedings of the Senate, re-
ported the same back, with amendments. And
the question being taken, the resolution, as amend-
ed, was agreed to, as follows:
Resolved, That Hie resolution of Lh<? Senate of the 11th
Au u-t, 1843, dir^ctins the Seeietas-y nf the Senate to con-,
tract with the pubh&liei s oi the two pi i 1101 pa! new>paper< m
this city for repormig ami publishing the debates and pio-
ceeUmgs of the Senate be so modified a* to exclude, after
the adoption of tin* resolution, fiom any contract which lias
or may herealtcr be in.tde in puj&u.iuce of ?aid revolution,
the publication of revved speeches, a report of winch has
once been published; and also to exclude troin the report ot
the pioceedinu's oi the*S<nate messages and reports from
Executive officers of the Government and from committees
ol the Senate; and that the Seuetary notify the persons with
whom he has enttiedinto contracts ot these limitations and
modifications of said lesolution.
A JOE. GENERAL. SCOTT.
Mr. FITZGERALD asked and obtained leave
to introduce a joint resolution, of which the follow-
ing Js a copy:
Resohci. That the President of the United States be,
and he heieby, authoiized to conler upon Major General
Wmfield Scott ihe btevet appointment ot Lieutenant General i
of the Army ot the United States, as a token ot national grat-
itude for the set vices he has rendered his country, and in
honor of his distinguished anility as a General.
Which was read a first time; and the question
being on its second reading—
Mr. HALE objected.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED. |
A bill from the House declaring Fort Covington, I
in the State of New York, to be a port of delivery, |
and for other purposes, was read a first and second I
time, and teferiedto the Committee on Commerce. J
A bill from the House, exempting Spanish ves- j
ssls from discriminating duties in certain cases, j
was read^a first and second time, and referred to |
the Committee on Finance.
LIEUTENANT R. C. ROGERS. |
The Senate resumed the consideration of the !
bill for the relief of R. C. Rogers. _ 1
The question being on its passage—
Mr. RUSK defended Mr. Rogers from what i
eemed an attack made upon him by the Senator i
from Illinois, [Mr. Breese,] and asked for the^
reading of the_ remarks made by the Senator from
Delaware, on fiis presenting the petition of Rogers.
The remarks having been read—
Mr. BORLAND rose to submit an amendment;
when— - '
On motion of Mr. RUSK, the further consider-
ation of the bill was postponed until Monday.
THE NEW TERRITORIES.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill i
making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic |
service of the-United States'for the year ending '
30th June, 1850. j
The question being on the motion of Mr. Day- i
ton to amend the motion submitted by Mr. Walk- '
er  |
Mr. "WALKER defended, at length, his po- '
sition. During his speech, which continued about ;
an hour and a half, there were frequent inter-
ruptions and explanations, in which Mr. DAY-
TON, Mr. BERRIEN, and Mr. WESTCOTT,
took part.
Mr. HALE followed.,
Mr. BUTLER then took the floor, and was fol-
lowed by Mr. WEBSTER, Mr. CALHOUN,
Mr. DAYTON, and Mr. DOUGLAS. [For the
debate, see Appendix.]
And at a quarter past four o'clock, Mr. JOHN-
SON, of Louisiana, moved that the Senate take a
recess until six o'clock; which was negatived.
The Senate then adjourned.
question was then taken* find the affirmative vote
having been slated-1*
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 24,1849. •
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PATEJMT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. FARRELLY asked leave to offdf a resolu-
tion; which was lead for information.
Objections were made.
Mr. WHITE desired (he said) to amend the
resolution.
The SPEAKER said the resolution was not re-
ceived.
Mr. WHITE moved that*the rules of the House
be suspended, for the purpose of receiving the said
resolution.
And the question having been taken, the -rules
were suspended.
And the resolution being before the House-
Mr. WHITE said the amendment he had de-
sired to offer simply put the resolution in the form
of a reference to the Committee on Printing, and
that they should recommend such number as, in
their opinion, should be printed.
The resolution, having been modified in accord-
ance with the suggestion, was adopted, as follows: j
Rcsolvrd, That the Committee on Printing be directed to |
inquire into the expediency of pi inn tig su< h mi ruber or'extra ,
copies of the leport of tf p Commi^iojier of Patents, without [
the li.<t of patents granted and expiied, a>id the claims, and ;
such number ot extra copies of the whole report as, m their
judgment; may be required for the use of the patent Office,
and'for distribution by the m< ntbtrs of this Hou^e.
SWAMP LANDS IN LOUISIANA.
On motion of Mr. HARMANSON, the rules I
of the House were suspended, (two-thirds voting 1
in favor thereof,) and the Committee of the Whole j
on the state of the Union was discharged from the ;
Turther consideration of the bill to aid the State of ,
Louistanaln reclaiming the swamplands therein, j
And the bill being thus before the House, and i
the question being on its engrossment— j
Mr. HARMANSON moved the previous ques- |
tion. . i
Mr. VINTON said, before that question was 5
taken, he would like to hear the bill read. 1
And the bill having been read through— ' j
Mr. VINTON expressed the hope that the de- '
mand for the previous question would not be sus- !
tamed. ;
Mr. HARMANSON (waiving the previous 5
question for the present) made a brief explanation^
and moved to sttike out the proviso from the third
section of the bill.
Some conversation followed between Messrs. ;
POLLOCK and HARMANSON.
Mr. HARMANSON then renewed the.ttemand ;
Tellers were called for and appointed, (Messrs.,
Kaufman and Levin.) " '
And the question having Been again4akert,.the
vote stood—ayes 77, noes 38.
So there was a second.
Mr. VINTON movecTthat the bill be laid on the
table, and asked for the yeas and nays on th^j mo-
tion; which were ordered, and being taken, were 
yeas 45, nays 100.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
The question recurring ®n ordering the main
question, it was taken, and agreed to.
The amendment was rejected, and the bill was
ordered to be engrossed,
Mr. VINTON moved to reconsider the vote on
the engrossment.
He said he-should be very glad to give his sup-
port to this bill, if he believed it could be done
without setting a precedent that would involve the
Government in very great difficulty indisposing of
the public lands hereafter. This bill, as far as he
could understand it from hearing it read, proposed
to do what had never been done in any case here-
j tofore—it proposed to give to the State of Loui-
I siana all the swamp lands in that State which were
j unfit for cultivation. Now, where were the swamp
I lands in Louisiana which were unfit for culdva-
i tion ? Who was to decide what were the swamp
j lands unfit for cultivation ? The bill did not un-
lj dertake to tell; it did not state the land district
in which they were. The gentleman from Loui-
siana [Mr. Harmanson] said that they were in
every'district. Then, what would be the conse-
quence ? It would be that the Government could
not sell a foot of land in the State of Louisiana,
until that question was first decided.
Mr. HALL, 6fMissouri, (the floor being yield-
ed,) said he had understood the gentteman from
Ohio to say that nothing of this kind had ever been
done before. He merely wanted to. state to the*"
gentleman and to the House, that at the las't session
of Congress a bill was passed, without a division
of the House, authorizing the soldiers of the war
of 1812, who had located military landsin Arkan-,
sas, which turned out to be unfit for cultivation,
to select other lands m lieu thereof.
Mr. VINTON said that was a'matter which had"
no sort of relation to this subject—not the least.
That (hesaid) was his first objection. He could
not consent to pass a bill that would have this
effect. There was no guide in the bill, no defining-
what the swamp lands unfit for cultivation were.
A controversy might arise between the United
States and the State of Louisiana upon that very
question, which might continue for "years, and
which would, during that time, arrest ali-the sales
of the public lands in that State; arid if might be
continued by the State for that vwy purpose.
There was another reason which had weight
with him against the biii. It was the difficulty
about ascertaining the precise description of lands
proposed to be ceded. The biil described such
lands as were " unfit for cultivation." He spoke
from recollection, but thought he was safe in say-
ing, that it had been laid down in the reports of
the proper officers, that more than three-fourths of
all the public lands in Florida, Alabama, Aikansas,
and perhaps other States, were unfit for cultiva-
tion.
Mr. BOWL1N interrupted, to state that the pre- •
cise amount of swamp lands in the State was
5,429,000 acres, as repotted by the surveyors.
Mr. VINTON continued. He was not speak-
ing of swamp lands especially; he was speaking of
lands unfit for cultivation, which embraced other'
descriptions of land besides swamp1 lands. If all .
lands of this description weie now ceded to the ^
State of Louisiana, all these other States which he -
had named would come in for their shares respect-
ively, and absorb a very large proportion of all_
the public lands. It would establish a principle
over which Congress would soon have no control.
It came to the bald proposition, whether Congress
should grant to the State of Louisiana all the lands
within her boundaries, which may be unfit for cul-
tivation, without knowing anything about the ex-
tent of those lands.
This was a new proposition. It was a propo-
for the previous question.
Mr. VINTON renewed the expression of his (
hope that that demand would not be tjius suddenly j sition most important in itself— vastly moie im-
sustained on a bill of this character. |i poriant in its efleeis upon the legislation of the
The SPEAKER said debate was not in order, j; country, with reference to the public lands, than
The question on the demand for the previous ij any proposition which had heretofore been con-
