THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED
AND PUBLISHED
AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON,
BY BLAIR L
RIVES.
30th Congress,
2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1849.
New Series
....No. 38.
and to abolish the franking privilege. He in-
tended to do this, although he was aware that an
amendment of something like a similar character
which had been offered on a former day by the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Goggin] had been
ruled out of order. Similar amendments in relation
to other subjects had been put in every appropri-
ation bill that had been passed; and he believed it
to be as much in order to regulate the rates of
postage by this bill as to regulate* the compensa-
tion of postmasters. This bill did regulate the
• compensation of postmasters, and made appropri-
ations for that compensation*.
Mr. KAUFMAN called Mr. Ashmun to order,
on the ground that he had offered one amendment,
and was debating another.
Mr. ASHMUN" then withdrew his amendment,
and offered the following:
Be it jurther enacted, That from and after the first day of
July next, the rate of letter postage shall be uniform through-
out the United States, irrespective of distance; and all letters i
passing through the post office shall bp charged by weight as i
follows, viz: Each letter weighing not more than half an |
ounce, two cents; each letter weighing more than half an i
ounce and not more than one ounce, four cents ; each letter r
weighing more than one ounce and not more than'two
ounces,eight cents; and four ccnts additional for every
ounce, or fraction of an ounce, additional weight. And all
letters not; prepaid at the time of mailing shall be charged
double postage. And the Postmaster General shall provide
suitable stamps, to be used in the prepayment of postage,
and cause them to he kept for sale in each post office in the
United States. And the Postmaster General may roako to the
several postmasters a compensation equal m proportion to
the labor performed to what they now receive. And ali
newspapers may pass free of postage to subscribers living
within thirty miles of the place of publication.
Pec.—. Beit farther enacted, That from and afterthe first
day of July next, all laws giving to members of Congress the
right of fianking, shall be deemed to be repealed.
Mr. KAUFMAN raised the point of order on
the amendment, on the ground that it was incon-
sistent with the bill. .
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment to be
in order.
Mr. VINTON appealed from the decision.
After a brief- conversation between Mr. JOHN-
SON of Arkansas and the SPEAKER—
The question was taken; and the House, by
ayes 55, noes 64, reversed the decision of the
Chair.
So the amendment was not received.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, offered the fol-
lowing amendment:
And be it- further enacted, That the Postmaste&General
may, at his discretion, mc easc the compensation above the
rates now allowed by law, to all postmasters who open the
mails at night, and whose compensation by the existing rates
is less than two hundred dollars.
The CHAIRMAN ruled it to be out of order.*
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the committee
rose and reported the bill to the House.
And, under the operation of the previous ques-
tion, it was read a third time and passed.
Mr. VINTON moved a reconsideration of the
vote by which the bill had been passed; and moved
that that motion be laid on the table.
Ordered accordingly.
Mr. POLLOCK asked the general consent of
the House to offer the following resolution; which
was read for information:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to cause
the necessary examination and surveys to be made of the
piers and harbors at Chester and Marcus Hook, on the nvei
Delaware; and that he report what repairs and other woiks
are necessary for the preservation of said harbors, with a
plan tvnd estimate of the cost of the same.
Objection having been made, Mr. P. moved asus-
pension of the rules; which motion was rejected.
Mr. WENTWORTH, having ascertained, by
inquiry from the Chair, that the bill to organize a
territorial government in California was the next
* special order in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, for the purpose of taking up that bill.
After a brief conversation between Mr. JONES
of Tennessee and the SPEAKER, the question
was taken, and the motion, by ayes 85, noes not
counted, was agreed to.
- TERRITORIAL GOVERNMENT IN CALIFORNIA.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and took up
38
the bill to establish a territorial government in
California. The bill was read through.
Mr. CHAPMAN obtained the floor, but yielded
to—
Mr. PRESTON, who desired to submit a sub-
stitute.
Some conversation followed on questions of
order.
The first section o( the bill was then read.
Mr. CHAPMAN, for the purposes-of his argu-
ment, moved to strike out the first section of the
; bill.
| Mr. C. yielded to a motion by Mr. McLANE,
i that the committee rise; which motion was re-
| jecjed.
J Mr. C. then proceeded to address the committee
! at length on the subject of slavery, especially with
j reference to the power of the General Government
! over that question in the District of Columbia.
! When Mr. CHAPMAN concluded—
I Mr. STUART, of Michigan, obtained the floor.
1 and gave way for a motion that the committee rise;
: which motion being agreed to—
| The committee rose and reported.
On motion of Mr. COBB, of Georgia, it was
Ordered, That the substitute amendment to the " bill to
establish the terntonal government of Upper California,"
offered by Mr. Preston, be printed.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, the
House, at four o'clock and twenty minutes^ ad-
journed.  
PETITIONS.
The following petitions were presented finder the rule,
and referred:
By Mr. CLAPP: The petition of Smith & Hersey, of Port-
land, Maine, praying Congress that the duties unpaid on six j
hundred and seven hogsheads of molasses warehoused and >
destroyed bv fire, may be remitted to them. I
By Mr. PUTNAM : The petition of James A. Balls and
foity ofhers, of Batavia, New York, piaymg for the reduc-,
tion of the rates of postage, that postage bo prepaid, and for
the abolition of the franking privilege. Also, the like peti-
tion of T. R. Chipman and one hundred and fifty others, of
Le Roy, New York.
By Mr. ROCKWELL, of Ma.-sachusetts: The petition of
Asenath Sanford and eighty-eight other women of America,
praying Congress to devise •>"iicii measures as may come
legitimately within their province, to prevent the further
extension of American slavery, &c.
By Mr. FKEEDLEY: The petition of Josiah Evans and
one hundicd and five other?, citizens of Germantown*
Pennsylvania, asking that Congress shall lake immediate
measures to abolish slavery and the slave traffic in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and to prohibit the extension of slavery
into territory belonging to the United States.
IN SENATE,
Monday, February 26, 1849.
Mr. SPRUANCE presented the credentials of
the Hon. John Wales, elected a Senator of the
United States for the residue of the unexpired term
of the Hon. John M. Clayton, who has resigned
his seat.
The credentials having been read, Mr. Wales
was qualified and took his seat.
RECONSIDERATION-
Mr. BENTON requested some Senator to move
a reconsideration of the vote by which the follow-
ing resolution was, during his absence, agreed to
on Saturday:
Resolved, That the resolution of the Senate of the 11th of
August, 1848, directing the Secretary of the Senate to con-
tract with the publishers of the two principal newspapers in
this city for repoiting and publishing the debates and pio-
ceedings of the Senate be so modified as to exclude, after
the adoption of this resolution, from anyeonfact which has
or mav hereafter be made m pursuance of said resolution,
the publication of ievised speeches, a repoit of which has
once been published; and also to exclude from the report
of t(hc proceedings of the Senate messages and repoits trom
executive officers of the Government and from committees
of the Senate; and that the Secretary notifj the persons with
whom he has entered into contracts of these limitations and
modifications of said resolution.
Mr. NILES then moved .that the vote be recon-
sidered; and the motion lies over.
VACANCY IN COMMITTEE.
On motion of Mr. ATHERTON, it was ordered
that the vacancy in the Committee on Finance,
caused by the resignation of the Hon. John M.
CiuAYTOij, be filled by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT then appointed Mr.
Webster to fill the vacancy.
petitions.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a petition from
Edwin Williams, asking the patronage of the Gov-
ernment for a work prepared by him containing a
compilation of the messages of the Presidents of
the United States, and other public documents,
from the formation of the General Government in
1789 to the present time; which was referred to
the Committee on the Library.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a petition from
William K. Ashard, asking compensation fpr the
use by the United States of his invention of a can-
non lock and primer; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. DIX- presented a petition from a number of
citizens'of Utica, asking for the construction of,a
railroad from Lake Michigan to San Francisco, on
the plan of Dr. Hartwell Carver and his associates;
which was referred to tlie Committee on Military
Affiirs.
Mr. DIX presented a petition from fifty citizens
of Toledo, Ohio, asking for the establishment of a
reciprocal free trade with Canada; which was laid
on the table.
Mr. DIX presented a petition from Charles
"Wilkes, praying to be indemnified for expenses
incurred in defending suits instituted against him
on account of certain official acts while in com-
mand of the Exploring Expedition, and for the
extra pay allowed to all the officers for the scien-
tific duty performed during the expedition; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
resolution of the statt, «f sew jer-
sey.
Mr. MILLER presented resolutions adopted by
the Legislature of the S'aleof New Jersey, in favor
of a light-house at t'nr mouth of Maurice river, and
of beacon-lights i.i Newark Bay; which were laid
on the table.
clerks' provident association.
Mr. JOB \SON, of Georgia, from the Commit-
tee on illi District of Columbia, reported a bill
amend *ory-of an act entitled " An act to incorpo-
rate the Provident Association of Clerks in the
Civil Depmtment of the Government of the Uni-
ted States, in the District of Columbia," approved
3d March, 1825, without amendment.
On motion of Air. JOHNSON, of Georgia, the
Senate proceeded to the consideration of this bili,
and it was read a third time and passed.
SEVENTH CENSUS.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Select Commit-
tee on the Censns, reported a bill to provide for
the taking of the seventh census, or enumeration of
the inhabitants of the United States; which was
read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved that the bill be
now considered; but objection' being made, the
motion did not prevail.
On motion of Mr. WESTCOTT, the bill was
ordered to be printed.
house bills.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to which was referred the
following House bills, viz; for the relief of John
Mcintosh, William Lynch, Horatio "Fitch, John
Gawney, and Win. Whitaker, reported back the
same without amendment, and recommended their
passage.
RELIEF TO DISTRESSED VESSELS.
A joint resolution from the House in relation to
foreign officers or seamen who shall render relief
to American vessels in distress, was read a first
; and second time, and referred to the Committee
i on Commerce.
| REGISTERS' AND RECEIVERS' COMPENSA-
j TION.
| Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee 011 Public
: Lands, reported a bill to authorize the allowance
of compensation to the registers and receivers of
the several land offices of the United States for
locating military bounty land warrants, Choctaw
Knd scrip, and for other purposes.
