1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m§
could not be obtained. They will be given with
the debute thereon.
Mr. BALDWIN having briefly addressed the
Senate on the general question—
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved t© amend the
amendment by striking out the words " west of
the Rio Grande," and inserting<f territory"" instead
«f 41 tefritortes."
Mr. HOUSTON, Mr. RUSK, and Mr. WEB-
STER, briefly addressed the Senate on this amend-
ment.
The amendment to the amendment was not
sagreed to. i
The question recurred on Mr. Walker's amend-
ment, and it was agreed to, as follows:
YEAS—Messr*. Atchison, Bell, Berrien, Borland, Butler,
5)avis of Mississippi. Dickinson, Dodge ot' Eowa, Dougla?,
S'Hvn-?, ritcjeraid, Fitzpatrick, Foote, Hamx-sMn, Ho*>ton,
JIunttr, Johnson of* Louisiana, Johnson of Georgia, King,
Man-mm, Mason, Rn«k, Sebastian, Stutg-'on, Turney, Uu-
•deiwoori, Walker, We^tcott, and Yulee—29.
NATS—Mes>rs. Allen, Atlieiton, Badger, Baldwin, Brad-
bury, Bri-jnt, Cameron, Claike, Convin, Davis of Ma
, Claike, Corwin, Davis of
«7.
And the Senate having disposed of the question
so far as related to the new Territories, (a full
report of which will be found in, the Appendix)—
On motion of Mr. ATCHISON, the bill was
amended by the insertion of an item to enable the
Secretary of War to pay the balance of the esti-
mated cost of the buildings of the Choctaw Acad-
emy to Col, R. M. Johnson, of Ky., $6,080,
Mr. YULEE offered the folio wins: amendment:
*&nd be it further enacted. Thai the President be authorized,
whenever it is shown that the Slate of Florida has provided
1>y la\v lor the ?.afe-keefr,!iy of the archive lately in the cus-
tody of ih'? keepers of archives at St. Angii^m^ and Pea-
snoota, it ui lus discretion advisable, to transfer the same to
She authorized agent of sari State.
The amendment wris not agreed to.
Mr. MANGUM of&red the following, which
were agreed io:
Foi the outfit of a minister to the Germanic Confederation,
«§9,0U0.-
For one year's salary for the said rnini-ter, $9,068.
For one yeat's salary for a secretary of legation to the
•said nation, $2,009.
Mr. MANGUM further moved to amend by
Insertingan item for Abraham Rencher, late charge
•d'affaires to Portugal, such sum as the Secretary of
State, upon adjusting his claim, shall allow for his
unavoidable detention abroad from 2J of January,
1848, to the I6th of September following, provided
^suchsum shall not exceed the rate of his official
©alary.
Agreed to.
Mr, MANGUM moved further to amend by the
insertion of the following: *
For outfit for a minuter to the Government ofChili, $9,000.
For salary of said minister, §D,000.
Mr. MANGUM, in support ofhis amendment,
said: Mr. President, it is known to the Senate that
It is the established usage of this Government to
«end a minister of equal dignity to any foreign
Government whatever. Fiom Chili we have a
■minister plenipotentiary; we have provided only
•for a charge d'affaires. And it seems to me that
if, with the strongest Governments of Europe,'we
reciprocate in this spirit of equality, we ought not
to withhold the same reciprocity from these re-
publics of the southern hemisphere.
Mr. KING. We have no information before the
Committee on Foreign Relations on the subject
of sending a-minister to Chili. I hope, therefore,
that the honorable gentleman will not ptess this
matter at present. Chili, at best, is not a very
important position, and the subject can be brought
forward at some other time. I cannot vote at thts^
time for anything that will increase the expense of
our diplomatic corps. I have come to the "conclu-
sion in my own mind- after some little experience
and a careful consideration of the whole subject, that
it is much better that we should not have ministers
of the highest grade at minor courts. I think that,
if we would keep up otK ministers at the principal
courts of Europe, and have charges and consuls m
the minor places generally, where charges are best
for the Government, we should save as much in
the aggregate expense for diplomatic intercourse
with the nations of the earth as would enable us to
kicrease the salaries of our ministers at London,
Paris, and St. Petersburg, who are not now re-
ceiving salaries adequate to the ordinary expenses
necessarily incurred at those places, as every gen-
tleman knows. I think the best course, therefore,
is not to raise the grade of- our diplomatic agents
at these minor courts. Leave them as they are at
present, in order that we may take up the whole
subject at some future day, and fix the salaries in
accordance with the expenses necessarily4ncurred
by our diplomatic agents in the courts to which
they are sent.
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President, I have an objec-
tion to this amendment, which is rather peculiar,
but very cogent indeed, itseems to me—although
I am sure it cannot be so intended—that if this
amendment be adopted, it will so operate as to dis-
place the very worthy and accomplished gentleman
who is now our charg? at Chili. I know, sir, that
the President elect will go into office upon such
pledges, solemnly given by himself and by a dis-
tinguished citizen of Kentucky, at the city of Pitts-
burg, and by others, as to make it impossible that
he can ever recall such*an individual unless some
act of raalconduct occurs, whicS) is not by any
means to be expected. And therefore I will not
speculate upon thepolicy'of postponing any action
of this kind until he shall be recalled; but I beg
leave to intimate that, in my judgment, it would be
more politic for us to defer any legislation of this
kind until that distinguished personage shall, if he
feel inclined to do so, return to the United States,
so that he may be counseled with in regard to the
policy of converting this chargtship into a higher
grade.
Mr. President, I think that the amendment must
certainly operate proscripttvely, although I believe
it is not so intended—it cannot be so intended—in
good faith it could not be so intended; but that it will
so opetate, that we shall be responsible for having
so acted, especially after the unavoidable conse-
quences are now so clearly pointed out, I feel per-
fectly satisfied. I must, therefore, vote against the
amendment.
Mr. WESTCOTT. Mr. President, t shall vote
for this amendment, because I believe that the pros-
pect (if we can settle the exciting question of sla-
very) of the importance of the American interests
on the Pacific? and the rapidly-increasing import-
ance of Chili, require that we should have a min-
ister in CKili of as high a grade as at the Court of
Great Britain or Russia, or anywhere else; and
I would rather give $9,000 to a minister there than
such sum to a minister to the royal courts of Eu-
rope. I am in favor of encouraging these republics
by giving them the highest grade of diplomatic
agents. If others prefer the courts of Europe—the
crowned heads of Europe—I make no objection;
but,as for myself, I preferthese republics. In short,
I believe we would do just as well not to send a
minister to any country that had not a republican
form of government,
Mr. WEBSTER.. Mr. President,! think that?
in arranging these matters—in which i eonfess I
have not had the experience of other members—
there is a propriety m conceding to these new Gov-
ernments that degree of rcspect which they are
inclined to concede to us. For my part, I wish to
cultivate friendly relations, and relations fuH of ,
respect, with all the rfew Governments of this con- ;
tinent. The Republic of Chili, at this moment, I ;
believe, may be considered one of the best settled !
and most respectable, if not the very best settled
and most respectable, of all those fiee Governments
that have grown up out of the dismemberment of
Spanish authority and dominion in South Amer-
ica.
The augmentation of expense between main-
taining a charge d'affaires and a minister in such a
case in not important; and i am disposed, there-
fore, to support the proposition to raise the diplo-
matic officer from this country to Chili to the rank
of minister, in saying this {look to no particular
form of Executive recommendation or of Execu-
tive action on this subject, nor towards the gen-
tleman who now represents us at that court in the
character of a charge d'affaires. Under this ap-
propriation, if it pass, it will be in the discretion
of the President to raise him to the post of minister.
It is said that it will lead to his recall: I do not
know that. And it is said that it is only through
this, a«d not otherwise, that he can be recalled: I
do not know that.
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President, I did not say that
the adoption of this amendment would lead to the
recall of our present charge d'affaires at the Chilian
court. On the contraiy,! said that his recall would
be impossible, except through some failure on his
part, not by any means expected by me. But if
th i s amendment be adopted, i t w i It am own t to actual
proscription, I take it for granted* that without a
reappointment, he cotild not be a full minister, and
his reappointment is not to be expected,
Mr. WEBSTER. What 1 meant to say was,
that although a recall might be i-n the discretion, of
the President of the United States, death and res-
ignation are not in his discretion. I djd not know,
until I inquired here, who was out* representative -
at the court of Chili, nor what his politics are.
All £ mean to say is, that after the adoption of
this amendment, it would be no more nor any less
in the discretion of the President to recall this in-
dividual than it now is. But, at any rate, a recall
is not the only exigency. It may be the pleasure
of the gentleman to return to this country. It may
be the pleasure of Providence to call him hence.
1 think we should view these things in a general
light. We must consider, upon the whole, wheth-
er, when one of the republics of this continent sees
fit to cause itself to be represented here by & min-
ister of a certain grade, it is not a violation of
courtesy and respect to meet that proposition by
sending to them a minister of inferior grade.
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President, although I am
pleased to listen to the honorable Senators reflec-
tions, who&e extensive experience in such matters
eminently qualify him to advise us on this occa-
sion, yet i must beg leave to say, thai it is not a
fact that it has always been the case, nor even
: usual, with the United States, to proportion the
| grade of the minister sent b}/ us to foreign courts,
' by the grade of the minister maintained here.
Mr. WEBSTER, (m his seat.) Kot always.
Mr. FOOTE. It has not been usual nor uniform
to send a minister of equal rank to the one main"
tained here, nor has it been made, so far as I know,
a ground of complaint at foreign courts. That
being the case, the r6ason so emphatically urged
by the Senator, itseems to me, fails to be effectual
for the settlement of this matter.
Mr. WEBSTER, (in his seat.) It has been
frequently.
Mr. FOOTE. I may be in error upon this
point. I confess that I have not examined it; and
if I can be instructed, my objection would be, in
some degree, if not entirely, obviated. I appeal
to the honorable Senator from Massachusetts;
who I know is informed on the matter, and will
give me a direct response, whether it is not the fact,
as I have said, that if we legislate at the present
moment in the manner proposed—if we raise the
grade of this appointment—whether the effect of
our legislation will not be that a new appointment
will have to be made, that the present charge there
will have to be recognised in the new character of
minister, before he would be entitled to act in that
capacity?
Mr. WEBSTER, (still in his seat.) Yes,
Mr. FOOTE. If that be the fact, there must be
a reappointment, and his reappointment is not to
be expected under the present condition of things.
I feel bound to be frank upon this occasion, be-
cause not only the general views which I entertain
are involved, but my feelings are somewhat neces-
sarily embarked in the matter, as the gentleman
who at the present time is our*charge at Chili is a
gentleman whom I have known from early boy-
hood, with whom I have intimately associated in
the western country; a gentleman known to the
nation at large as a man of extensive and extraor-
dinary abilities—known especially m this city as
an able jurist, and as a faithful pubhc officer. It
is also a notorious fact here that he is almost
entirely worn out m the public service, and was
sent to that distant country for the purpose of re-
cruiting his health. Under such circumstances#
the effect of such legislation as this would be to
displace the individual, so as to ma«e it necessary
for the President elect to make a renormnation,
which I do not expect at his hands. 1 do not ex-
pect proscription in its ordinaly forms from the
incoming Administration. I cannot possibly ex-
pect or suspect it, until some sucn event Siiali
occur as is now proposed. This being my view
of the matter, lam unwilling to legislate in the
manner proposed. I have-as rnucn respect for the
republics of South America as others. I think
we have no reason to suppo;*e,at the present time,
that the Government of Chili will u-.ke any offence
if we do not raise the grade ci our diplomatic
agent at that court. f _ _
But I must say again, in the spirit of perfect
