598
THU CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
Feb. 20,
back all their salaries; who do not spend any.
This class* go out on a job to repair exhausted for-
tunes. They,save their salaries, and when they,
are contrasted by their style of life with those who
have gone out rich, and have speat their salaries in
supporting something of style, from this comes the
complaint that they lived shabbily. .
Sir, this is a bad time to begin augmenting ex-
penses. We are at the close of a war, with a war
debt hanging heavily upon the pocket of the coun-
try* We are at a time wher* borrowed money
has to be paid. I trust that this is not an indica-
tion of the opening of a new chapter, the begin-
ning of splendor and magnificence in the opera-
tions of this Government. 1 trust that this is not
an announcement that we are about to resort to
the exploded maxims of a magnificent and splen-
did Government^ and that, too, at a time when a
national debt stares us in the face. It has been
said by the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
"Webster,] that the scale ot these salaries was
fixed sixty years ago, when living was cheaper
than it is now. Our business is now with diplo-
matic living, and I say that the asseition of the
Senator js a mistake. Diplomatic life is not as
extravagant now as it was sixty years ago, by
any means. Most European governments have,
retrenched and reformed, within this period, their
diplomatic expenses. Why, sir, there was a time
in the world's history when the'sending of an
embassy cost more money than twenty modern
embassies. I can crte cases of that sort from the
history of England or any -other nation. This
■very French Government has reformed its own
expenses in this particular. The salaries of their
minister here, and of their ministers to ail the
courts of the world, and of the public function-
aries throughout France, have been gieatly cur-
tailed; and that, too, befoie the late revolution.
They were curtailed under Louis Philippe, in con-
sequence of the events of July, 1800; they were
curtailed under a monarchy and brought down to
the simplicity of the republican standard. *Now,
sir, at a time when the whole tone and temper of
the world is changing on this subject, in private as
■well as in public life—when the mere magnificence
of any man *3 residence, or the number of dinners
he gives does not constitute, as it formerly did, so
large a part of his importance in the world—when
the individual is more looked to, when his capa-
city for usefulness, bis intelligence, the purity of
his character; in a word, when the niai\ has be-
come more important and the circumstances that
surround him less important,—I say at a time
-when the sentiment of the world is undergoing
such a change, it does not become us to get back
that sentiment, and ascribe by our action so much
importance to the adventitious circumstanced that
surround the man, and so little to the man him-
self. I never heard of any of our able men sent
abroad—and 1 could name here a long chanter of
able men—men like yourself, sir—who wanted
respectability wherever they were sent, whether
they were poor or rich. No, sir; I would not give
a farthing for that kind of opinion of which the
Senatorspoke, the description ofa man's carriage.
Real greatness does not require these exterior or-
naments. It is personal deficiency that requires to
be made''up by these artificial trappings. Select
able men, men of weight and character, acquired
by their known public virtue and their known
abilities, and they will be respected wherever they
are sent! if at the points of their destination there
be sensible men.
Sir, the Emperor Napoleon understood all these
things very well. When it was necessary to im-
press the Emperor Alexander with an idea of his
magnificence and the grandeur of the French em-
pire, he sent lus favoiiU' Cauhncourt, giving.him
a general divjft on the Fiench treasury, and told
him to live in a c'yle comparing with the majesty
of his Crown. So he did. At that very time, the
Empe.-or Napoleon wore an old grey coat that had
been patched nn one arm, and a pair of boots that
had been half-soled, utterly condemning in his
own person, and treating with scorn, the idle trap-
pings which he had directed to be employed by
his minister to dazzle the imagination of" the ,{Au-
tocrat of all the Russias." I hope that we are not
going to get into this practice. If money is to con-
stitute lespecuVoihty, then the more money you
give the more respectable you will be; and if you
wish to have your ministers as respectable as the
representatives of any other court, you must give
as much as any other court. If that is the system
of reasoning, 1 believe that the Russian court is
the most expensive. I do not mean the expense
of living, at St. Petersburg, but 1 mean that the
Russian Government pays more than any other
to its diplomatic agents. And it wtll be found,
that in proportion to the despotic tendency of any
Government, in that proportion does it paysit 
public functionaries the world over; and there are
solid reasons for it. It is a bad tif e to commence
this .system. Whenever, Mr. President, the time
arrives that all these missions are vacant—when
nobody can be found to lill them—when no man
of sense and experience can be found to fill them,
it will be time endugh to treat this thing as a diffi-
culty, and look out for a remedy, but I take it
that, now-a-days, these missions are filled with
facility. Some distinguished men of the country
go upon these missions who aie not rich, and
they choose between glory anu opulence. They
have their choice to enjoy the honor of this high
dignity or stay at home and make money, and
they take then choice by pursuing honor and dis-
tinction, and turning their back upon fortune. It
is their ov/h look-out. But none of these mis-
sions have been found unfilled. And 1 say that we
are setting a be.d example; we are reversing the
direct tendency of the universal sentiment of man-
kind,in trying to attach importance to adventitious
circumstances, instead of attaching it to individuals
and to men. I think, therefore, that it will be
wise and proper to vote down this amendment,
until the PiesideiU shall send us information, that
in consequence of the smalincss of the salary, he
cannot find competent persons to fill these oftices.
When he shall send in that kind of a message, it
will be time enough ior the Senate to look round
for a remedy of the evil.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I know that
this is a theme for declamation. 1 know it aliords
many topics ior popular ptejudice. i do noi say
that the gentleman who has just spoken has ap-
pealed to popular prejudvcc. i believe that he 1ms
spoken the deliberate convictions of his own mind,
I'wilidraw the contiast to the honorable gentle-
man, between the jobber who takes the oiiice to
make money and save his salary, and the gentle-
man who, acting on high responsibility of his na-
tion, makes a sacrifice of his own fortune. Who
should be preferred ? The man that wouid go to
Europe to fill one of these offices, and live m a cold
cellar or in a garret, tt> save his money—who
would see no society, and come back as ignorant
as when he went there, having had none of the
opportunities of being m society, none of the ordi-
nary channels of communication by social inter-
com se and by his position; or one who could
assimilate himself to the society m which he lived?
Since the gentleman has chosen to speak of it, I
would say that X, lor one, would live upon a farm,
with five hundred a year, with my shoes half-
soled, and my coat patched, and live respectably.
But when 1 sent my son, or any one else, ahioad,
he should go as a gentleman; he should not be
placed m a situation where he would be subjected
to mortification by contrast; where ever man could
insult him by taunts on his condition.
The gentleman says that men can be procured
to fill these missions for nine thousand dollars a
year, plenty of them. Why, sir, if the Executive
of this Government to-morrow were to advertise
for ministers at fifteen hundred dollars a year, he
wouid find applicants enough.
Mr. WEBSTER, (in his seat.) Aye, for five
hundred dollars.
Mr. BUTLER. Applicants enough could be
found at five hundred dollars a year 1 And how
would they live ? They would live in oyster cel-
j lars [laughter] among the sailors, or in the lanes
and alleys. With whom would they associate?
They might be distinguished for the acuteness of
their wit. I will not undeitake to say that men
of that kind might not be called into good society
on account of their wit and jocularity. They
might be men from the grog-shops, keen in their
wit, sharp in their reply, vulgar m their deport-
ment. You could find men, if you would try, who
would go not only for fifteen, but for live hundred
dollars a year. But does it become this country,
with its immense resources, when we are giving !
out thousands and millions when application is j
made for a ciaim by stock-jobbers, w hen we are j
pouring money out of the treasury like water out I
of a basket, that we should call upon our repre- i
sentatives abroad to live differently from the con-
dition of gentlemen similarly situated? I have no
idea of doing so, especially when, as I said before*
it has been the concurrent testimony of all who*
have gone abroad, and theiefore I cannot be mis-
taken. The Senator says yo*a may find men who-
will go abroad of equal talent with those who have
made sacrifices of their fortune. I do not doubs
it. But if they do not inspire that respeet and do-
not command that position in society'that woulcl
enable them to represent you properly, they oughS
aot to go there.
The gentleman says that softie go there to repair
exhausted fortunes, but that they have not com-
manded that respect which the representatives of
such a country as this should command. I respecfe
the primitive days of the Republic, because our
pubhe functionaries held the public money that
was given to fchcro in the A>rm of salaries, for the
benefit of the public and for the benefit of the
country. General Washington saved nothing of
his salary, but he spent all that was given ?o him,.
So did Mr. Adams, Mr. Jefferson^Mr. Madison*.
Mr. Monroe; and I respeet them for it. And I
respect those who have so much regard for thc^
honor and dignity of their country as to be wiliias^
to make a sacrifice for it. Such are the men who
should represent our country abroad,aivd not your
stock-jobbing gentleman who goes there to save-
his money. Sir, of all propositions that can be^
brought forward, such a one as this, that a mar*
is to go abroad au a representative o-f this Rehuohe:
to save money—to make money—is most revoking^
to my nature* . x ,
Sir, 1 know that these are themes on which tne
gentlemen from Ohio [Mr. Allen] has indulged ire
a strain of declamation which, 5 have no doubts
is suitable toche popular feeling upon this subject-
But are we not called upon to act on higher con-
siderations when we know that it is unjust, very
unjust? John Randolph very properly remaiked*
when it was said that the patronage of the Gov-
ernment was overrated; " To be sure it was over-
lated; it may be overrated. I know," sajd he,
41 that we cannot give to those who apply equa^
to their expectations; but I know, that with one
bone 1 can call iive hundred dogs.*1 It five hundred^
a thousand, or fifteen hundred dollars were ofiered
for one of these missions, dogs enough could be
got to take them. But the very class of persons
who would take a foreign mission for five hundred^
a thousand, or fifteen hundred dollars, (I will not
say for June thousand, for we have had gentlemen
to go for that,) would disgrace their station. ^As-
I said before, I could live on a farm with five
hundred a year, but when I sent my son abroad I
would never put him in a position in which he
should feel the sense of degradation or inequality
with anybody. It is wrong (and most of those
who speak on this subject know that it is wrong)
to place our ministers m such a position. On this-
subject, I think we should lift ourselves abov©,
popular prejudices. I believe that the people, if
you appeal to their pride, would despise the mar*
who wouid go abroad to represent his country m
order to save money. The humblest man in the
community wouid despise such a one. That
the popular tone on this subject. It is the popular
feeling so far as I know. *l'hey expect it of you,
and it ought to be so. And when you choose
to make it a subject of declamation, it should be
received in the same tone.
Mr. BERRIEN. Mr. President, I do not rise
for the purpose of making a speech, but to sug-
gest to the Senate that we have arrived at ten
o'clock, that we have duties to perform to-mor-
row,- that there are many seats now vacant, and
although I would be quite willing to listen to the
very interesting discussion on this subject by the
Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Butlek,] yet*
in the situation in which the Senate is placed, it
would be improper to proceed further. I move,
therefore, that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate ad-
journed.   
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 26, 184$.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
PRISONERS OF WAR IN MEXICO.
Mr. GAINES moved that the rules of the House
be suspended, for the purpose of proceeding at this -
time to the consideration of the bill which passed
