600
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 27,
Mr. ATKINSON. Am I entitled to the floor ?
The SPEAKER. The presentation of these |
resolutions is in the nature of the presentation of i
petitions. No petition can be debated on the day
on whio.h it is offered. The gentleman must ask
leave of the House before he can proceed.
Mr. ATKINSON. I have,done all that an hon-
orable man. can do to an honorable man, and to an
honorable House. I have made an appeal to this
House, [cries of "Order!"] to every member of
this House; and if I cannot be respected here, I will
be elsewhere——
[Renewed cries of "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Virginia
■will take his seat.  
Mr. ATKINSON. Well; X take my seat.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, remarking, that the
House had already adopted a resolution to close
the debate on the territorial bill, said, for the pur-
pose of giving gentlemen an opportunity to debate
that bill, he would move that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
tiie Union. #
Mi. ATKINSON. I took my seat when I was
diiected by the Speaker to take it. Am I entitled
now to the floor'
Mr. SPEAKER. The gentleman may rise to
a question of order.
Mr. ATKINSON. Yes, the question of order
which I make is this: Whether the House of
Representatives of the United States will deny to
a sovereign State to receive her resolutions here,
and tohear the truth to be spoken by one of her rep-
resentatives? If, Mr.Speaker—[cries of "Order!"]
—gentlemen cry " Order," and don't want to hear
the truth; they are as blind as those who cannot
see the beauties of the rainbow or the sunlight.
Mr. DICKEY and other gentlemen called to or-
der.
The SPEAKER propounded the question on'
the motion of Mr. Cobb, which, having been
agreed to by ayes 98, noes 35—
. CALIFORNIA TERRITORIAL GOVERNMENT.
The House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Vinton in
the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the bill
to establish a Territorial Government for Upper
California.  
The committee were then addressed in speeches,
generally of an hour's length, and mostly on the
subject of slavery, by—
Mr. STUART of Mich., Mr. MULLIN,
GAYLE, VENABLE,
ROOT, GREELEY,
KVANSofMd., MORSE,
LYNDE, PALFREY,
BO-COCK, BOYDEN.
When Mr. BOYDEN cor,eluded-
Mr. ROMAN obtained the floor, and was pro-
ceeding in remarks on the subject of the tariff,
when he yielded to—
Mr. STEPHENS, on whose motion the com-
mittee lose; and the House, at twenty-five min-
utes before eleven o'clock, p. m., adjourned.
taken; that he had personal knowledge of the fact
that surveyors had unnecessarily surveyed salt-
marshes, which not only remained unsold, but
which would never be sold.
Most respectfully, your obedient servant,
B. G. THIBODAUX. ,
PETITIONS.
The following petitions were presented under the rule,
and referred: <
By Mr. DUER: The petition of James Cooper, a revolu-
tionary buldier, praying for .1 pension.
By Mr. GRRliLl'iY : The petition of George N. Johnston
ami others ot Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, prajmg provision for
the free transportation ot women fo California. Also, the
petition of I'dwjn Wilhamy, of New Yoik, asking the pa-
tronage of Congrivs for his compilation of the Presidents'
messages from 178U to 1849.
Washington City, Feb. 25, 1849.
Messrs. Bi.air & Rives: The following extract
is taken from the report of the proceedings of the
House of Representatives, as published in the
Daily Globe of Saturday evening:
"IVIr. Hahma.v-0-s was understood to offer o correction
of this statement by the semifinal! from Ohio, and to .state
his peisonal knowledge oi t!m fret, that immense tracts of
marsh lands' had been surveyed m Louisiana, vvhK li were
nol oriiv iu l sold, hut which never could he sold ; and aiso
tiiat there wcie large tracts of lands which never had been
even surveyed, and never would be."
As Mr. Harmanson is here made responsible
for the accuracy of a statement made by me, 1 beg
leave to say that thuse words should have been
ascribed to me. Tliey were in substance as fol-
lows: That if the gentleman from Ohio expected
to find ill these surveys a true statement of the
ariiount of swamp lands in Louisiana, he was mis-
iN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 21,1849.
Mr. JOHNSbN, of Maryland, presented a peti-
tion from Alexander Brown and Sons, and other
merchants of Baltimore, asking for the establish-
ment of reciprocal ftee trade with Canada; which
was laid on the table. —
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, presented a petition
from John M. Hepburn, and the clerks in the
i office of the Adjutant General, praying extra com-
pensation for additional services performed there
I during the war with Mexico; which was referred
j to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. HALE presented a great number of peti-
tions (including 100 fiom females) from persons ift
Maine and Pennsylvania, praying for the abolition
of slavery and the slave trade in the District of Co-
lumbia, and for the prohibition of slavery in the
newly-acquired territories. The motion to receive
these petitions was laid on the table.
Mr. H. also presented a petition from Nor-
ton and 17 citizens of Illinois, asking that negotia-
tions may be opened with Great Britain for the
reannexation of Canada. '
A motion was made'by Mr. WESTCOTT to
lay this petition on the table, and decided: Ayes
24, noes 13.
Mr. HALE presented a petition from citizens
of Bodenham, Maine, asking for an alteration m
the post office laws; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. H. also presented a petition from Edward
j Price and 246 citizens of the State of Pennsylva-
nia; a petition ot' Cyius M. Burleigh and 18 citi-
zens of Pennsylvania; and a petition from Joseph
Treater, of Ohio,—all asking Congress to adopt
some mode for the peaceful dissolution of the
Union.
The motion to receive these petitions was laid
on the table.
Mr. BORLAND presented two petitions from
•citizens of Arkansas, asking for the construction
of a road from the Mississippi river to the Pacific;
which were laid on the table.
Mr. CAMERON presented a petition ftom John
Dougherty, offering to tiansport the United States
mails from the Mississippi river to San Francisco;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
! Office and Post Roads.
I Mr. C. also presented a petition from citizens of
i Pennsylvania, asking for certain improvements m
the Delaware river; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. C. also presented a petition from citizens of
Pennsylvania, asking lor amendments in the patent
laws; which was referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. C. also presented a petition from citizens of
Pennsylvania, asking for the abolition of capital
punishment; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. C. also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of the State of Pennsylvania, in favor of
appropriations of portions of the public domain for
the purpose of enabling the Indians to make settle-
ments thereon; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. C. also presented several petitions from citf
izens of Pennsylvania, asking for the abolition o-
slavery and the slave trade m the District of Co-
lumbia, and for the prohibition of slavery in the
newly-acquired territories; the question on the re-
ception of which waa raised, and laid on the table.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom were referred the following
House bills:
act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Abraham Hogeboon, deceased;
. An act for the relief of Israel johnson;
reported back the same without amendment.
Mi. BRIGHT, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, to whom was referred House
bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
Captain Samuel Jones, deceased, reported back
the same without amendment, with a recommend-
ation that it do not pass, accompanied by a re-
port; which was.ordered to be printed.
Mr. ATHERTON, from the Committee oh Fi-
nance, to whom was referred House bill making
appropriations for the service of the Post Office
Department for the year ending 30th June, 1850,
_ reported back the same without amendment.
Mr. FITZPATR1CK, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred House bill for the
relief of the legal representatives of Bernard Todd,
deceased, reported back the same without amend-
ment, and recommended its passage.-
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, made the following
report:
The committee appointed on the partof the Sen-
ate, jointly with the committee on the part of the
House of Representatives, to wait on Zachary
Taylor and Millard Fillmore, and notify them of
their election as President and Vice President of
the United States, report:
That they have performed the duty assigned
them; and that the President elect, in signifying
his acceptance of the office to which he htul been
chosen by the people, evinced emotions of the pro-
foundest gratitude, and declared his distrust of his
ability to fulfill the expectations upon which their
confidence was based; but gave assurances of a
fixed purpose to administer the Government for
the benefit and advantage of the whole country.
In alluding to the fact to which his attention had
been drawn—that the chairman of the committee
represented a public body a majority of whom
were opposed in political opinion to the President
elect, and accorded with that majority, he recog-
nized in it the deference to the popular will con-
stitutionally expressed, on which rest the strength
and hope of the Republic; and he said that it waa
to have been expected of the Senate of the United
States. '
He expressed an ardent wish that he might be
able in any degree to assuage the fierceness of
party, or temper with moderation the conflicts of
those who are only divided as to the means of
securing the public welfare.
He said, having been reminded that he was
about to occupy the chair once filled by Washing-
ton, he could hope to emulate him only in the
singleness of the aims which guided the conduct
of the man who had'no parallel in history, and
could have no rival m the hearts of his country-
men.
In conclusion, he announced his readiness to
take the oath of office on tfte 5th March proximo,
at such hour and place as might be designated. „
And the committee further report, that the Vice '
President elect, in signifying his acceptance of the
office to which he had been ehosen by the people,
expressed the profound sensibility with which he
received the announcement of his election, and
said, that deeply impressed with the obligations
which it imposed, and the distinguished honor it
conferred, he should do injustice to his feelings if
he failed to express his grateful thanks for this
manifestation of confidence; that he should accept
the office conscious of his want of experience, and
distrustful of his ability to discharge its duties,
but with an arfxious desire to meet the expecta- -
tions of those who had so generously-conferred it
upon him.
Mr. DAVIS then submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered and agreed to:
Retolvei, That there lie appointed a committee of the
benate to make the necessary arrangements for the recep-
tion of ihe Presidentelect on the 5lh of March, and toanpnse
bun of the same.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi,
Ordered, That said committee be filled by the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT named Mr. Johnson
of Maryland, Mr. Davis of Mississippi, and Mr.
Davis of Massachusetts.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. DOUGLAS submitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies over under the rule:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to trans-
mit to the Senate a report made to Major General P. R
Smith, when civil and militaty governor of the city of Mex-
ico, by Lieutenant Smith, ot the Corps of Topographical
Engineers, on the drainage and imptovement of the valley
of Mexico.
Mr. YTJLEE submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into'the practicability and
expediency of expediting the transmission of the mails be-
tween New York and New Orleans.
