1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
BILL CONCERNING RECORDS.
Mr. DICKINSON, pursuant to notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to amend an
act entitled "An act to authenticate certain rec-
ords," approved, February 22, 1849; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. D. moved that the bill be now considered;
and the motion being agreed to, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill as in Committee of the
Whole.
' After a few words from Mr. JOHNSON of
Maryland, and from Mr. DICKINSON and Mr.
BUTLER, in explanation—
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading; and was subsequently read a third time
and passed.
george poindexter.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, moved that the
previous orders be postponed, and that the Senate
proceed to consider the bill for the relief of George
Pomdexter.
The question being put on this motion, it was
decided in the negative.
applications for patents.
Mr. BRIGHT moved that the previous orders
be postponed, and that the Senate proceed to con-
sider tlouse bill to provide for a mode of making
applications for the renewal of patent-rights in cer-
tain cases.
The motion having been agreed to, the Senate
proceeded to consider the .bill as in Committee of
the Whole
Mr. BALDWIN inquired whether the Comj
mittee on Patents had reported favorably on that
bill?
Mr. WESTCOTT entered i nto an explanation of
the merits of the bill, and the action of Congress
thereon. He said the object of this bill was to give
the Commissioner of Patents the authority to renew
such patents as it was his opinion should be re-
newed in order to do justice to the applicant.
Mr. FOOTE expressed a desire that the bill
might pass.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, stated that he
was not friendly to the passage of the bill when it
was before the committee. He thought it would
be a great wrong to the public, and contrary to
sound policy, to allow a person to renew a patent
after it had become-the property of the public; and
it would become their property, in many cases, at
the^nd of fourteen years.
Mr. BRIGHT suggested that many patentees
might not be aware when the fourteen years for
which their patent was granted had expired, and
there might be circumstances which would prevent
attention to the renewal at the proper time. He
thought it more just to leave the matter with an
officer of the Government than to Congress.
Mr. CALHOUN doubted the constitutionality
of an act of this kind, because, according to the
stipulations made between the patentee and the
community, the patent is to expire at the end of
fourteen years, unless renewed at that time.
Mr. CAMERON thought injustice might be
done to those who desired to renew a patent, who
might be prevented from making application at the
precise time which was necessary, and referred to
the case of an individual who had suffered great
loss in that manner. He hoped the bill might
Mr. CALHOUN moved to lay the bill upon
the table; which was agreed to.
DISABLED SOLDIERS AND SEAMEN.
Mr. JONES moved to suspend the prior orders,
and that the Senate proceed to consider the bill to
regulate the pensions of officers, soldiers, seamen,
and marines, who have been, or may hereafter be,
disabled in the service of the United States.
The motion was agreed to; and after a conversa-
tion, in which Mr. KING and Mr. JOHNSON of
Louisiana participated—
Mr. CAMERON moved to lay the bill on the
table; whiph was agreed to: Ayes 24, noes 18.
LAND TO MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. POOTE moved to suspen4 the prior orders,
and that the Senate proceed to consider the bill
granting a half section of land for the use of
schools within fractional township 19 south, of
range 18 west, county of Lowndes, State of Mis-
sissippi; which was agreed to.
J- The bill was then considered as in Committee of
the Whole, and was ordered to a third reading.
Subsequently, the bill was read a third time,
and passed.
CIVIL A8D DIPLOMATIC BILL.
--The Senate then resumed the consideration of
the bill making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic service of the United States for the year
ending 30th June, 1850. *
The bill being under consideration as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and the question being on
the motion submitted by Mr. Hale to amend the
bill in the clause specifying the amounts appropri-
ated for the salaries of the United States ministers
at France, England, and Russia, by making the
clause read:
For a minister m France, $15,000; for a minister in Eng-
land, $20,0J0; lor a minister in Russia, $12,000.
Mr. KING. When I suggested to the Senate
last evening that some provision ought to be made
to change the mode of compensating our ministers
abroad, and adverted particularly to the extraor-
dinary expenses necessarily incurred by our diplo-
matic agenis in foreign countries, I was under the
impression that the subject should be brought tor-
ward in a separate form, rather than as an amend-
ment to an appropriation bill. And I am led to the
conclusion that some legislation ought to be had
on the subject, from the fact, that while the com-
pensation which they received in the way of salary
is not adequate for the maintenance of a proper
style of living, we give them an outfit which is
much greater than ought to be allowed, provided
we increase their salaries; and the evidence of the
incorrectness of the outfit as compared with the
salary, is to be found 111 the fact that many persons
are sent abroad who receive the outfit, and remain
abroad but one year and return home; and others
are appointed, who in their turn receive the outfit
as well as salary. In a pecuniary point of view,
therefore, the Government loses rather than gains
by this system, under which there is a constant
succession of changes, which are not at all bene-
ficial to the public interest; for every one must see
that, remaining so short a time, they have not
an opportunity of becoming well acquainted with
their duties, and a new man is appointed who is
wholly unacquainted with them. Hence it is,
I am under the impression that we ought not to
increase the salary without also diminishing the
outfit. If you raise the salary so as to enable
our diplomatic agent to live as becomes-the repre-
sentative of the country, it will be all that is neces-
sary for him, and you should take away a portion
of the outfit at least, leaving merely sufficient to
convey him to his place of destination. It seems
to me, then, that the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire would better consult the interests of
the country, and the interests of the representatives
of this Government hereafter to be appointed, if he
would bring the whole subject before the Senate
at the next session, and let the matter be carefully
examined, and a bill passed placing the subject
upon a proper foundation. I agree with the .Sen-
ator from Ohio in one particular, that it is very
important that the selection of our foreign agents
should be made from men of reasonable intelligence,
at least sufficient to enable them to discharge the
duties devolved upon them with credit to themselves
and the country; but so long as you give this stinted
compensation, y ou either necessarily force the Pres-
ident to appoint persons who have large private
fortunes to expend, or you throw the appointments
upon those who make a job of it, and4iusband the
little amount that is given them, and go abroad and
live in a way which is not respectable in itself—at
least not becoming the representatives of a nation
like this—in a way which m a great degree unfits
them for the discharge of their duties as those du-
ties should be discharged. If the Senator had had
an opportunity of seeing and judging of this mat-
ter by a residence abroad himself, he would have
seen the great difference resulting to the intoicsts of
the country from the discharge of the diplomatic
duties of a representative of this Government as
j those duties should be discharged, and the way in
; which they are often compelled to be discharged for
! the want of an adequate compensation to enable the
j diplomatic agent to incur those expenses which are
i necessary to place him in a proper position for the
! discharge of his duties advantageously. You, sir,
1 understand this matter—that association brings you
into easy communication with those who can tur-
I nishyou with reliable information, so that if there
I be anything amiss, it can be corrected; whereas, if
i you have not earJy information, it may be too late
to repair the mischief. And I think that the want of
sufficient compensation to our ministers abroad is
encouraging a species of aristocracy in the land, be- .
cause the appointments must be confined to tho.se
who have large fortunes, to the exclusion of per-
sons having more merit but less wealth, simply
because the latter are notable to expend the large
sums of money, which are requisite to support
the establishment of a foreign minister. Now, sir,
with regard to the extravagance of those who go
abroad. Are they extravagant? It cannot be, in
the nature of things, unless they possess immense
private estates, the revenue of which will enable
them to expend more money, wherever they may
be, than ordinarily falls to the lot of American cit-
izens. I would be the last man to advocate such
an allowance to our ministers abroad as would
enable them or induce thjm to attempt to imitate
the profuse expenditures of some of the diplomatic
agents of the countries of Europe. It is not neces-
sary; it would not be proper; it would be highly
improper for any diplomatic agent of this country
to attempt to vie in profuseness of expenditure
with the representatives of the monarchies of Eu-
rope; it would show that he did not truly represent
the genius of his Government; but he should
be provided with sufficient means to enable him
to maintain that standing which would place him
upon a social footing with those who have it
in their power to be essentially useful to him.
Sir, I do not believe, whatever the Senator from
Ohio may say, that the American people have
so little pride of character that they would wish
the representatives of this Government to live
meanly, below what is customary with ministers
of standing and character. If he so lives, it is im-
possible that he can be useful; and you might just
as well send yo,ur despatches across the Atlantic in
the mail steamer, to be delivered by your consal;
it would have a better effect than to havea minister
there who cannot live in the style in which a min-
ister ought to live. I would be in favor of with-
drawing all our foreign ministers rather than to
subject the country to the degradation of having
them so badly provided with the means of support
that they cannot live in a becoming manner. Still,
as I asid last evening, J think it would be better that
the honorable Senator should not press his amend-
ment now. There are a great many charges d 'affairs
that are useless. A consul general would do just
as well, as it is providing for persons who can do
little or no service. A nation is judged of abroad
by the individuals by whom that nation is repre-
sented, and it must be confessed that there have
been a great many very bad specimens sent abroad
as charges. I think it would be far better to with-
draw many of them, putting the business into the
hands of the consul general; and by regulating the
outfit so as to cover the actual expense of travel,
and regulating the salary of the minister who is
necessarily involved in great expense, and is, in
some cases, unable to encounter that expense, a
great good will have been accomplished.
I know by experience the expenses which a res-
idence abroad necessarily requires. When the
country was young we were represented in France
by one of the ablest men the world ever saw. His
expenses, economical as he was, at a time, too, when
everything was cheaper than at present, were twelve
thousand dollars yearly. At the formation of the
Government twelve thousand was the maximum
allowed; and still we have gone on, although the
I1 expense of living is greatly increased, making no
|j distinction, retaining the same amount to this day.
| We have made no discrimination between those
'! that are expensive and those that are not. If you
j! take Berlin or Madrid, the expense is not one-half
|i so great as in France and England. The matter
i I requires some alteration. It is a duty which we owe
to the interests of the country, to the people of this
country, to send proper representatives abroad,
and to pay them such compensation as will enable
them to represent the Government to the best ad-
vantage. I prefer, therefore, that the amendment
should not be pressed now; and I shall be prepared,
if I ever have anything to do with it again, to vote
for regulating the salaries of our ministers abroad
so as to give them that fair compensation which
will command the services of men of talent, and
enable them, whether they have private fortunes
or not, to live respectably. It is not worthy of this
Republic to pursue any other course, for it is not
always that talent is found to exist where wealth
is most abundant.
