004
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 27,
agent. He was not a charge d'affaires, and yet he
was allowed an outfit of four thousand five hun-
dred dollars. This rate of compensation proposed
by my amendment received the recommendation
of the committee of which 1 am a member.
Mr. ATHERTON. I believe the allowance
alluded to by the Senator from Alabama as made
to Mr. Niles was an allowance made to him after
his return, by Congress, who fixed upon the usual
sum given to a charge d'affaires as a proper com-
pensation to him on account of his services in
having negotiated a treaty.. -It is not to be sup-
posed that all commissioners are to be allowed an
outfit. I am not aware of any instance of a com-
missioner, as such, having been allowed an outfit.
I am opposed to commencing a custom of allowing
our commissioners outfits. Perhaps the reason
wny this officer was appointed as a commissioner
was, to avoid the expense of an outfit, when he
answers the purposes sought to be attained just
as well as a"ciiarge d'affaires.
Mr. CAMERON. This is the commencement
of a new foreign mission. The gentleman who
has been appointed, no doubt, is thankful for his
situation. He has not yet left this country, and
now you are about giving him a bonus which he
never expected to receive—forcing him to receive
an outfit. When we have a foreign minister in a
certain place, pay him the regular salary due him;
but do not pay this commissioner—who may be
perfectly able to discharge the duties of an am"
bassador—the salary of a foreign minister.
Mr. KING. Senators should bear in mind that
this individual goes out in the character of a diplo-
matic agent, to negotiate treaties for this Govern-
ment; and I would ask what justice there is in
excluding him from the allowance you give to
charge d'affaires, and. which you granted in the
case of Mr. Nile3, merely because he has received
the official name of commissioner? Mr.Nileswas
sent out as a commissioner to Austria and nego-
tiated a treaty—the same as this gentleman is em-
powered to do—and received the outfit of a charge
d'affaires. This gentleman is your diplomatic
agent, and it is necessary that you Should prop-
erly prepare him, in a pecuniary way, for his res-
idence—for the benefit of your citizens if nothing
else—in these distant isles of the ocean.-
Mr. CAMERON. I listened very attentively
last evening to the remarks of the Senator from
Alabama, although I did not agree with him upon
sending a minister to the Court of France. If thlg
remarks be made with reference to an outfit of a
minister to the Court of France were true, do they
not apply with equal force to the Court of Hono-
lulu ? lie stated that the salary of foreign minis-
ters should be graduated according to the expense
necessary m keeping an establishment that would
do justice to the character and reputation of our
Government. Now, your minister will want no
coaches—no liveried footmen—no splendid dresses
at Honolulu; he will be put to no extraordinary j
expense in entertaining the best society of the
"Isles." He can illuminate his house without
any great expense, as oil is to be had in abund-
ance, [laughter.] The great reason in my mind
why this increase of compensation should not be
allowed is, that this gentleman was very glad to
get the situation—made great exertions to get it—
with its present rate of salary. After he shall have
gone there, if he performs extraordinary services
for the Government, there will be enough of gen-
tlemen here willing to increase his compensation.
Mr. WESTCOTT. 1 hope this allowance will
be granted, for I happen to know that the late
commissioner to the Sandwich Islands lost money
by his appointment—his salary was not equal to
his expenses. There is no very magnificent court
at Honolulu, but if the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania supposes that the inhabitants of the Sand-
wich Isles are barbarians, he is mistaken; they arc
a civilized people. It is impoitant to have a man
there who wiil carry out our interests in eveiy
possible manner. And I ask the Senator from
Pennsylvania if he would be willing to go six
thousand miles to an island in the Pacific Ocean to
stay only one year for three thousand dollars? I
think not.
The hour of four having arrived, the Senate took
a recess.
evening session.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill, thepending ques-
tion being on the amendment to appropriate $3,000
for an outfit to the Commissioner to the Sandwich
Islands. On this, and on an amendment to the
amendment to give a similar outfit to Mr. Anthony
Ten Eyck, late Commissioner to these Islands,
a discussion arose, in which Mr. KING, Mr.
FELCH, Mr. HAMLIN, 'Mr. HUNTER, Mr.
DiX, Mr. CAMERON, Mr. DOUGLAS, Mr.
WESTCOTT, and Mr. DAVIS of Massachusetts,
took part. The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
On the amendment the yeas and nays were or-
dered, and were—yeas 9, nays 38. So the amend-
ment was rejected.
Mr. DIX offered an amendment to appropriate
$8,100 to pay to the widow of the late Commodore
Do Kay the balance of the expenses incurred in
fitting out the frigate Macedonian, to carry provis-
ions to the suffering poor of Ireland: on which a
debate arose, in which Mr. DIX, Mr. YULEE,
Mr. BADGER, Mr. BUTLER, Mr. DAVIS of
Massachusetts, Mr. MILLER, Mr. DAYTON,
Mr. FOOTE,Mr. RUSK, and Mr. DICKINSON,
participated.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. PEARCE, from the Library Committee,
submitted an amendment to appropriate $20,000
for the purchase of the remaining books, papers,
&,c., of the late General George Washington, and
a like sum for the purchase of the manuscripts of
the late James Monroe, that they may be depos-
ited in the Department of State. After an expla-
nation from Mr. P., it was agreed to.
Mr. WESTCOTT moved to insert an item of
$2,500, to pay the expenses of a recent arbitration
in relation to some disputed church property in
Florida, to which the General Government was a
party. It was agreed to.
Mr. CLARKE moved the insertion of an item
of $300, to reimburse the expenses of Mr. Robert
Beale, who, by direction of the Secretary of State,
proceeded into Virginia to inform Mr, Tyler, Vice
President of the United States, of the death of
President Harrison, in 1841. Agreecf to.
An amendment offered by Mr. FELCH, making
an appropriation of §10,000 for correcting errone-
ous and defective surveys of Michigan, was agreed
to.
An amendment by Mr. BORLAND, to increase
the salary of the chief clerk in the Pension Office,
was not agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, moved the in-
sertion of an item of $500 for the services of Judge
Cranch, of the District of Columbia, in appeal
cases from the decisions of the Commissioner of
Patents.
After discussion, which was participated in by
Messrs. DAVIS of Massachusetts, CAMERON,
BADGER, BERRIEN, and others, the amend-
ment was rejected.
Mr. DAYTON moved toinsertan item of $5,000
for the purchase of CatlinJs gallery of paintings
and Indian curiosities, being one year's instalment
of §50,000, to he paid in ten years.
After debate, in which Messrs. DAYTON,
ATHERTON, WEBSTER, BERRIEN, HUN-
TER, FOOTE, BORLAND, BUTLER, UN-
DERWOOD, and DAVIS of Mississippi, took
part—
Mr. ALLEN called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered, and were—yeas 23, nays 25.
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved the insertion of an
item of $1,500 for the employment of a person to
pursue the examination of claims under the act for
the armed occupation of Florida. Agreed to.
On the motion of Mr. SEBASTIAN, an amend-
ment was made, of which we did not distinctly hear
the purport.
On the motion of Mr. TURNEY, an amendment
was adopted to continue for specific duties three
temporary clerks in the General Land Office.
On the motion of Mr. NILES, additional com-
pensation was allowed to messengers in the Post
Office Department, to place them on the same foot-
ing with messengers m other departments.
Mr. NILES moved to insert an item of $2,250
for compensation of Mr. S. R. Hobbie, as special
agent to Europe, to make arrangements for the
United States mails.
After adebate, in which Messrs. NILES, JOHN-
SON of Louisiana, JOHNSON of Geo., ALLEN
RUSK, PHELPS, and FOOTE, took part, the
amendment was rejected."
Mr. YULEE moved to amend by inserting an |
item of $2,000 for extra services for tw^o years of
the Surveyor General of Florida; which was re-
jected.
Other amendments by Mr. YULEE and Mr.
PHELPS were also rejected.
The bill was then reported to the Senate; and, at
10j o'clock, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 27, 1849.
The Journal of yesterday*tvas read and approved.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, by leave,"
offered the following resolution; which was read
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the following be added to the joint rules
of tlie two Houses, to go into operation it approved by tho
Senate:
2a. Private bills from the Senate, in Committee of the •
Whole House in the House of Representatives, and private
hills from the Hon«e ot Representatives, in tile .Senate, shall
. be placed first in order on the calendar uf tlie two [louses;
and those bills to which there shall be no objection shall be
first considered.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, by leave, presented a
memorial of the Legislature of the State of Mis-
souri to Congress, praying a grant of land for the
construction of the Hannibal and St. Joseph rail-
road.
Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State
of Missouri, on the subject of a geological survey
of the State of Missouri; which were laid on the
table and ordered -to be printed.
DUTIES IN MEXICO.
Mr. TOOMBS asked leave to report a bill from
the select committee on the imposition of duties in
Mexico, accompanied by a report in writing.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Is that report in order?
I object to it, because 1 want the committees called
in order. I have no objection to that particular
report.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move to make the bill the
special order for to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the reception of the report is objected to.
Mr. TOOMBS. Then I move a suspension of
the rules, to allow me to make the report.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I hope my friend from
Illinois will not persist in his objection,
Mr. WENTWORTH. I hope the gentleman
[Mr. Toombs] will modify-his motion so as to
suspend the rules for the reception of reports gen-
erally.
Mr. BURT desired to make a suggestion to
gentlemen on the other side, viz: that ail the com-
mittees be called. There was a great deal of mat-
ter in the possession of the committees, which gen-
tlemen might have no other opportunity to report.
Mr. TOOMBS. This is a bill unanimously re-
ported by the seiect committee, and it is necessary
that it should pass, or the Government cannot 
[The remainder of the sentence was inaudible to
the reporter.]
The question was taken, and the motion to sus-
pend the rules was rejected.
Mr. WENTWORTH called for the regular
order of business—the reception of reports from
the committees.
On motion of Mr. HALL, of Missouri, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Public Lands be dis-
charged from the further consideianon of the petition of
Hemrich Lange and others, and that it be laid upon the
table. r
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. HALL, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the petition of David
A. lily, James and Isham B. Dodson, C. W
Harden, reported a bill for the relief of David A.
Ely and others, accompanied by a report in writ-
ing; which bill was read twice, committed, and the
bill and report printed.
Mr. H. also, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill to provide for the sale of certain lands
m the State of Ohio, accompanied by a report in
writing; which bill wa*ead twice, committed, and
the bill and report ordered to be printed.
Mr. H. also, from the same committee, to whont
was referred the bill from the Senate entitled " An
act for the relief of Cadwalader Wallace," reported
the same back without amendment, accompanied
by a report in writing; which was committed, and
the report ordered to be printed.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, from the same com-
mittee, to whom was referred the memorial of the
Board of- Supervisors of the county of Monroe,
