1840.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
605
Michigan, for a grant of land, made an adverse
report therlon; which was laid.upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. EVANS also, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Solomon Davis;
which was read twice and ordered to be engrossed
and read the third time; and being engrossed, was
accordingly read the third timeand passed,and sent
to the Senate for concurrence.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, from the same com-
mittee, to whom was referred the petition of Wil-
liam C. Jones, of Jefferson county, Iowa, praying"
for a grant of land, in consideration of the money
he has expended and the services he has rendered
to the Democratic party, made an adverse report
thereon; which was laid on the table and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. COBB also, from the same committee, to
whom was referred the bill for the relief of certain
settlers on the 16th section, in township 21 nor^h,
range 11 east, Ouachita land district, Louisiana,
reported the same back to the House without
amendment, accompanied by a report in writing;
which was committed, and the bill and report or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. COBB also, by unanimous consent, in pur-
suance to previous notice, obtained leave and intro-
duced the following bill:
A BILL to reduce and graduate the price of the public
lands to actual settlers and cultivators.
Sec. 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That all the public lands of the United States winch
have been offered for sale for three years or more, shall, to
actual settlers and cultivators, be subject to entry at one
dollar per acre, until ihe first day ot July, one thousand
eight hundred and fifty; aJI then remaining unsold shall
be subject to entry at seventy-five cents per acre, until the
first day ol July, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-two;
all then remaining unsold shall be subject to entry at fifty
cents per acre, until the first day ot July, one thousand eight
'hundred and fifty-four; all then remaining unsold shall be
subjcct to entry at twenty-five cents per acre, until the first
day of July, one thousand ei^ht hundred and fitty~tix; and
all then remaining unsold shall thereaftei he subject to entry
at twelve and a half cents per acre.
Sec 2. %dnd be it farther enacted, That all public lands
which have been, or may hereafter be,oflered for sale shall,
at the expiration of three years fiom the date of offering, be
subject to the same system of graduation, entry, and session
as io prescubed in the foiegoing section : Provided. That no
one person under the provisions of thw act shall oe autho-
„ rized to purchase more than one half section at the two low-
* est rates, ttmt is to say, at twenty-five and twelve and a half
cents per acre. ,
Sec. 3. Jind be it further cnacted, That upon eveiy reduc-
tion in price under the provisions of this act, the occupant-
and settlers upon the lands shall have the right of preemp-
tion at such gtaduated prices, which right shall extend to a
period of one year,from and after the date,when the res-poets
ive occupants and settlers within that period shall be liable
to be entered ur puicha>ed by any other purson, until the
next graduation or reduction shall take place; and, if not
bo purchased, bhall again be subject to right of pieeinpiion
for twelve months as* betoie, and so on from time to Um< as
reductions take place : Provided, That nothing contained in
this aat shall be construed to interfere with any right which
has accrued, or may accrue, by vntue of any act granting
preemption to actual &ettleis upon public lands.
Sec. 4. And be xt further enacted, That any person apply-
ing to enter any of theafoiesaid lands, under the provu-ions
of"this act, shall be requited to make affidavit before the
register or receiver of the proper land ofhee, that he or she
enters the same for Ins or her own u&e, and for the purpose
of actual settlement and cultivation, or for the use of an ad-
joining farm or plantation owned or occupied by him or
herself; and, together with said entry, he or she has not ac-
quired from the' United States, under the provisions of tins
act, more than three hundred and twenty acres, according
to the established surveys. And if any persons taking such
affidavits shall swear falsely m the premises, he or she shall
be subject to all the-pains and penalties of perjury.
Sec. 5. Jind be it further enacted, That where there are
no settlements made upon any public lands of the United
States, which have been offered for sale, for the time speci-
fied in this act, then it may be lawful for any person or per-
sons to enter guarantees not to exceed one quarter section,
under the provisions of this act.
On motion of Mr. COBB, it was ordered that
the said bill be laid upon the table and printed.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill from the
Senate entitled " An act to grant to tlie Atlantic
and Gulf Railroad Company the right of way
through the public lands of the United States,"
reported the same back to the House without
amendment.
Thereupon, the said bill was read the third time,
and passed.
Mr BOTTS moved that the vote be reconsidered
by which the said bill was passed, which motion
was postponed for the present.
FREEDOM OF THB PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill to discour-
age speculation in the public lands, and to Secure
homes thereon to actual settlers and cultivators,'
reported the same back to the House without
amendment.
Mr. GREELEY. This is the bill which I in-
troduced at an early day, upon notice given on the
second day of the session. It is the only bill which
has been before the Committee on Public Lands
this winter, proposing to recognize, in any form,
the principle that a man is entitled to live some-
where, although he has no money wherewith to
buy land to live on. This bill asserts this prin-
ciple in the meekest and least exceptionable man-
ner. It respects the pledges solemnly made of the
proceeds of our public lands to secure the payment
of our Mexican war loans. The fee of every acre
of the public lands will remain in the United Siates,
under the provisions of this bill, until it shall have
been purchased and paid for by the holder. And,
while-it thus guards the interests of the whole
country, it secures a home to every one who will
claim it, without money and without price. Such
; are the general characteristics of this bill. Its ma-
! terial provisions are as follows:
j 1. Every citizen or applicant for citizenship is
J authorized by this bill to claim and settle upon
j any quarter-section of the public lands subject to*
i private entry at the minimum price, receiving a
| certificate of right of preemption thereto for seven
i years thereafter.
j 2. At any time during those seven years, upon
j giving due proof that he has improved, Cultivated,
built a dweUing upon, and now actually inhabits
that fjuarter-section, and is the owner or claimant
of no other land whatsoever, he (or she) shall be
entitled (if a single^>erson) to & right of unlimited
occupancy to forty acres of said tract, or (if the
married head of a family) to a like right of occu-
pancy to any legal subdivision of eighty acres
thereof, to be his without payment, and to pass to
his heirs or assigns, who are owners or claimants
of not more than one hundred and sixty acres of
land, this included.
3. The balance of the one hundred and sixty
acres covered by preemption, as aforesaid, may be
purchased by the legal occupant'at any time withm
the seven years1 existence of the preemption, at
the present minimum price of one dollar and a
quarter per acre, with legal interest thereon from
the date of preemption. If not so purchased, it
will be open to preemption or purchase by any
other person", as aforesaid.
4. Any person may purchase, at the present
legal minimum, any quantity of the public lands,
making affidavit that he requires the same, and
the whole of it, for his own use and improvement;
but any person failing or neglccting to make and
file such affidavit, shall be charged, and shall pay,
for whatever land he may buy, the minimum price
of five dollars per acre.
Such, in substance, is the bill submitted by me,
and now before the House, jvhich the Committee
on Public Lands have reported to be summarily
dismissed. I shall not tax the time of the House
with any argument m its favor, t'or which there is
now no time. 1 simply ask the yeas and nays on
the rejection of the bill.
Mr. GOGG1N interposed a motion, that the bill
be laid on the table.
Mr. GREELEY. I ask the yeas and nays on
that motion.
[Only about twenty members rising to second
the call for the yeas and nays, they were not or-
dered; and the bill, by a vim voce vote, was laid
on the table.]
Mr. COLLAMER, fiom the Committeeon Public
Lands, reported a bill m relation to the Fox and
-Wisconsin river reservation in the State of Wis-
consin; which was read twice, and ordered to be
engrossed; and being engrossed, was accordingly
read the third time and passed, and sent to the
Senate for concurrence.
Mr. C. also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill from the Senate entitled " An
i act to grant to the State of Illinois a right of way
| through the public lands of the United States, and
i for other purposes," reported the same back to the
House, without amendment.
The question being upon the third reading of
the bill—
Mr. COLLAMER proceeded to make a few re-
marks in explanation of the character of the bill,
and in favor of its objects.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, interposed,
and asked Mr. C. so to modify the bill as to extend
its provisions to all the States. .
Mr. COLLAMER said he had no authority so
to do. The committee had not so instructed him.
Mr. ASHMUN moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the/Whole on tffe state of
i the Union.
| The question was taken, and decided in the
! affirmative.
CALIFORNIA TERRITORIAL GOVERNMENT*
So the House again resolved itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and'
resumed the consideration of the bill to establish
the territorial government of Upper California.
Mr. ROMAN, who addressed the committee in
part last night, resumed his remarks on the subject
of the tariff, and had not concluded when, under
the order of the House, yesterday adopted, all de-
bate on the bill terminates. -
The committee then proceeded to vote.
The pending question was on the motion here-
| tofore made by Mr. Chapman, of Maryland, to
strike out the first section of the bill.
Mr. CHAPMAN now withdrew that motion.
The bill was then considered by sections.
The twelfth section of the bill being under con-
sideration, in the words following, to wit:
Sec. 12. Jind be it further enacted, That the inhabitants of
said territory shall be entitle^ to enjoy all and singular the
rights, pimle es, and advantages, granted and secured to
the people of the territory of the United States northwest
of the river Ohio, by the arifcles of compact contained in
the ordinance for the government of said territory, on the
thirteenth day ot July,seventeen hundred and eighty-seven,
and shall be subject to all the conditions, restrictions, and
prohibitions in said articles of compact imposed upon the
people of said territory.
Mr. SAWYER moved that it be stricken out.
Mr. WENTWORTH demanded tellers on that
motion. '
Mr. SAWYER said, he desired to say a very
few words in explanation. He had made the
motion on the ground that he did not recognize
the right of Congress to say what kind of laws
should be passed by the people of this territory,
provided they were republican, as submitted to
the investigation of Congress. Congress had no
right to say that the people there should or should
not pass this or the other law. He believed that
if Congress had power to say that slavery should
not exist in the territory, it had power to say that
it should exist. He insisted that Congress had
110 power at all, either in the Constitution or that
was implied, that could give them this right. If
the people of this territory, after they were organ-
ized, should see proper to pass a law prohibiting
slavery, they should have his hearty assent and
cooperation. If he should happen to be a mem-
ber of this body at such a time, and should "be
called upon to sanction that law, he would do so.
If, on the other hand, the people should think
proper to pass a law providing that slavery should
be established there, and such "should appear "to be
the wish of the people, that law also should re-
ceive his hearty assent and cooperaiion. They
were the most capable of judging what laws should
govern them, and what was best for their benefit.
He was not willing to force upon them the laws
which they should or should not pass. He had
therefore submitted his motion to strike out, in
order to leave to the people the disposition of these
matters, which belonged to them.
Mr. McCLERNAND, (to the Chair.) I be-
lieve the proposition is now to strike out the 12th
section of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN having answered affirma-
tively—
Mr. McCLERNANI} said, he believed that a
motion to amend had precedence over a motion to
strike out.
He would therefore move to strike out so much
of the section as followed the words "eighty-
seven."
Mr. McC.,in explanation, said he would not
go into the question of the power of Congress over
the subject of slavery in the Territories; he had
expressed himself upon that question, and his
views were unchanged. He would limit himself
to a practiced view of the measure.
It would be remembered that the agitation of
slavery had delayed the extension of civil govern-
ment to Oregon for several years; and it was known
that the aggravations of that agitation would be
attended with more destructive effects in relation
to New Mexico and California. At the last session
