1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL -GLOBE.
m
slavery as much a political institution as if it ex-
isted all over the Union; and hence that it is pro-
tected by the Constitution of the country, and that
all laws conflicting with it are ipso facto abrogated
upon our becoming the owners of that territory.
Mr. BiRDSALL. Mr. Chairman, 1 desired to
offer the amendment proposed by the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Meade] who has just taken
liis seal.
Mr. MEADE. I will withdraw my amendment
if the gentleman from New York will renew it.
* Mr. B- signifying his acquiescence, Mr. M. with-
■drew it.
Mr. BIRDSALL. I renew the amendment pro-
posed by,the gentleman from Virginia, which is,
to strike out the following words at the end of sec-
tion 12: " And shall be subject to all the condi-
' tions, restrictions, and prohibitions in said arti-
* cles of compact, imposed upon the people of said
' territory."
I do this for the purpose of making our legisla-
tion upon the subject of organizing territorial gov-
ernments consistent with itself, and with the prin-
ciples ol free government.
The amendment 1 piopose will /make this bill
correspond with the bill which we a few days
since passed in committee, and subsequently or-
dered to be cngiossed for a third reading in the
House, providing- a territorial government for the
Territory or Minesota. !t will also make it cor
respond substantially with the bill passed m 1638,
for the organization of a territorial government for
the Territory of Iowa. Now, sir, why make any
distinction in the organization of territorial gov-
ernments, between the North and the South? 1
would pass the same law-s m regard to general
principles, in the same language, whether the ter-
litories to be affected by them lay in the one or
the other section of the country. Besides, sir, by
* making this amendment, the principles of self-
government, unrestrained by congressional lnter-
. ference, will be substantially carried out. By
anothei- section of this bill it is provided, that the ^
legislative power.of the Territory shall extend to j
all rightful subjects of legislation,-&c. This grant !
of legislative power touching their own domestic
affairs, should, I contend, be unrestrained and un-
limited, except by the Constitution. 1 am unwill-
ing to lecogmze any difference between the rights
of"an American citizen and of his power and pnv-
iletre to exercise those rights of domestic legisla-
tion, whether be resides in a State or in a leni-
tory. His residence in a Territory makes hint
not the less a man, nor is he the .less capable of
self-government. Sir, 1 know many of the emi-
grants who have gone to California to make that
distant country their home. They are among the
most enterprising, intelligent, and virtuous ot our
population; and such, sir, is the character of the
great mass of Ameiican citizens who will consti-
tute the permanent inhabitants of that 1 erritory.
They will understand well their own local interests
and wants, and will be abundantly capable of
makm" their own local and domestic laws, and 1
am opposed to any restraint being laid upon them
by the hand of Congiess. I hope the motion to
strike out will prevail, for I am opposed to the re-
strictive system, and there is m my judgment no
prospect that any bill containing this '-proviso can
become a law at this session, and, for one, I am
extremely anxious in some acceptable form to give
our people m California governmental protection.
Mr COLLAMER. Does not the gentleman
from New York know that m the cases of Iowa
and Minesota there were laws of Congress prohib-
iting slavery in those territories?
Mr. BIRDSALL. What are they?
Mr. COLLAMER. The ordinance of 17b7 and
the Missouri compromise,.
Mr. BIRDSALL. Does not the gentleman
from Vermont know that there are laws m Cali-
fornia and New Mexico prohibiting slavery merer
Of what necessity, then, is this proviso r Is it not,
for any purpose, worse than useless, even for those
who believe restriction proper and justifiable.
The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. Meade, (renewed by Mr. Bibdsall,) and.
was rejected. , , . ,
Mr MEADE moved to amend the section by
inserting after the word " territory," where it first
. occuis,the words " living north of the para lei of
36° 30' of north latitude." I offer this amendment
as a compromise. Gentlemen from the free States
.say this acquisition of territory would be lost to
them if slaves were admitted. So likewise the
South would be deprived of their share of the ter-
ritory if slaves were excluded. The South has
the perfect right, under the Constitution, to take
their slaves into any Territory of the United Stales.
Officers of the army who may own slaves can take
their body servants into the forts or other places
owned by the United States, if they are in the
line of their duty, and engaged in public business.
If General Smith has his body servants with him
at this time in California, they are under the protec-
tion of the Constitution as property. Do gentle-
men who contend that slavery is abolished in
California by virtue of Mexican laws, also contend
that the peon system of slavery exists there now,
and that an American freemah can sell himself and
his children to his creditor, and deprive himself
and them of their constitutional rights? it is even
i contended (by high sources, too) that the Gonsu-
i tutfon of-the United States is riot in foice in Cali-
i forma—that it is no part of the United States. If
; the laws of Mexico had prohibited emigrants from
' coming into California, would it require-special
' lgisiation by Congress to enable our citizens to go
there? These absurdities necessarily flow from
S the position assumed by the North; we of the
\ South have the same rights as we would have
| were we one integral nation, with slaveiy as an
i institution.
It the Emperor of Brazil had conquered or pur-
; chased this country, he and his subjects could take
j their slaves there without special legislation. We
i are thirty independent sovereignties, and haveuni-
! ted together m conquering or purchasing Califor-
! nia. These sovereignties hold the countiy jointly,
' and have equal rights. If one (being a sknehoid-
! ing sovereign) had conquered the country, it had
| the perfect right to extend its institutions over the
; country; every citizen, being a part owner of the
' country, could emigiate to it with ins slaves.
. How are his tighls affected by being a joint con-
i queror with non-slaveholders, but upon the pre-
: sumption that his rights are inferior? Can one ot
I two joint conquerors, both being sovereign, tell
1 the other Ins institutions shall govern the country,
: to the exclusion of the other.' No; they have equal
rights, and if the citizens of one can go into the
country with his goods and chattels, in violation
of the.original laws of the conquered country, so
can the citizens of the other. Suppose the laws of
Mexico had made horses and mules common prop-
erty, and had inhibited the appropnation of them:
would that law be still in force, and would gentle-
men from the North who have gone there with
this property forfeit it? No, sir; the law is, by
mere force of acquisition, abrogated; and so is the
law abolishing slavery abrogated in the same way,
for the benefit of those sovereigns owning slaves.
The principle of international law recognized by
the couits, that the laws of the conquered country
prevail until altered by the conqueror, is estab-
lished for the benefit of the conquered, to avoid
that anarchy and disorganization which would
! prevail during the transition of jurisdiction. But
| there are many exceptions; they exist wherever
i the prinfciple would interfere with the rightsrand
i those institutions of the conqueror that are mcom-
1 patible with it. Whenever the reason of the prin-
I ciple ceases, that is, the convenience and tenipo-
! rary protection of the inhabitants, the principle
| ceases with it. Now, sir, it is not essential to the
I interests and temporary protection of the inhabit-
I ants tliat the slaveholding conqueror should not
' take his slaves into the conqueied country, while
j to take them there, is necessary to the enjoyment
' of his conquest, if there be two or more conquer-
' ors, with antagomstical institutions, their only
j mode of settling the difficulty is by dividing the
country between them; until that is done, all have
' equal rights, and neither can say to the others,
! You shall not enjoy the common property.
The question was taken, and the amendment was
i rejected.
Mr. GREEN moved to amend the twelfth sec-
tion by staking out m the second line the words
«' shall be," and inserting "are."
He said his object in proposing this amendment
was simply to set the rights ot the people of that
Territow? in their proper light before this House
,i and before the country. It was asserted by gen-
i' tlemen from the North and from the South, of
|| both political parties, that the people of the ler-
|! ritory were entitled to the rights, privileges, and
ii immunities of American citizens. He proposed,
therefore, to strike oat the words "shall be,'*
because they implied the pow£r on the part; of
Congress to confer,these rights; that they emanated. k
from this body, and were not rights existing as the
peculiar inherent rights of American citizens."
Let them legislate understanding^ on atl these
points. Let them say to the people of the Ter-
ritories, Yeu are true American citizens; you have
the rights of American citizens; we pretend not to
confer those rights upon you. It was asserted by
some that the people of the Territories could, ex-
ercise no power, except it was conferred upon
them. It was asserted,on the other hand, that they
had certain inherent rights. If Congress held that
they had the inherent rights of self-government, the •
rights of American cilizens, let them not pretend
to confer those rights upon them; let them so
word this section, that after generations - could
understand their legislation, and all see that they
recognized the inherent right of the people to
govern themselves according to the principles of
universal liberty. Those principles must be estab-
lished; and,whatever might be the action of this
House td-day, whatever might be the action of
Congress for years to come, these principles were
taking root, they were receiving the impress of the
a°;e, and they would grow and strengthen until
their existence should be recognized and approved,
not only in the States, but in the Territories; and
in the furthest extremities of this Union, wherever
an American citizen was found, his rights of self-
government would be acknowledged. He offered
this amendment, not for the purpose of producing
excitement, not to stir up feeling, but because he
believed it was in perfect consonance with the
rights of self-government, to which we all sub-
scribe.
The amendment of Mr. Green to' the amend-
ment was rejected.
The question recurring on the amendment of
Mr. Sawyer, was taken, and decided ii} the neg-
ative—ayes 88, noes 105.
So the committee refused to strike out the
twelfth section.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
bill by sections.
The 17th section being under consideration,-as
follows:
Sec. 17. Jlnd be it further enactei, That nil the ports, har-
bors, slimes, and vvateis fit the mainland of the Territory
afoiesaid, shall consume a collection district, to be called
the district ot Upper C.iliioima, and a p-nt ot entry .-hall be
established at  , arid a collector of customs shall heap-
pointed by the Pre-ident, by and with the advice and con-
sent ol the Senate, to riside at such poit ol'^niry. And the
President of theXJnitea Stales Is hereby authoiized to estab-
lish such ports of delivery in the district creatid by this act,
not exceeding in number, as he may deem expedient;
and may appoint, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, suiveyors to reside thereat.
The CHAIRMAN suggested that there-were
two blanks in the section, and inquired whether
there was any motion to fill them ?
Mr. STRONG asked that the section might be
again read; and it was accordingly read.
°Mr. S. then moved that the first blank be filled
with the port of " San Francisco;" and that the
second blank be filled with the number "three."
The question on the first part of the motion was
taken, and decided in the affirmative.
So the first blank was filled with the poTt of
" San Francisco."
The question recurring on the second part of the
motion—
Mr. HALL, of Missouti, suggested to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Strosg] s</ to
modify his motion as to insert "four" instead of
" three."
Mr. STRONG modified his motion accordingly.
ATid, as thus modified,-the second part of the
motion was agreed to.
No further amendments were offered to this bill.
The question then came up on agreeing to the
substitute heretofore proposed by the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Preston] for the bill, (and
which proposes to cieate a State.)
Mr, PRESTON, by consent, corrected certain
verbal' errors in the printed copy of his substitute.
Mr. ASHMUN inquired whether the substitute
was not now open to amendment?
The CHAIRMAN replied in the affirmative.
Mr. ASHMUN. I suppose, if an amendment
should be voted into the bill, it cannot afterwards
be amended?
The CHAIRMAN said it could not.
