THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
30th Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, MARCH 2, 1849.
registering, recording, enrolling, or licensing ships or ves-
sels, and the en'ryand clearance theieof, and the foreign
and coasting tiade and fi«ljerifc«, and all the acts respecting
the imposing and collecting of duties on-import-*, and sill
acts respecting trade a'nd intercourse with the Indinntriheq,
and all acts r'csprotins the public land?, or the survey or
sale theieof, and all and singular the oth^r act* of Congress
of a public and general character, and the provisions tbeic-
of, are suitable and proper to he applied to ihe territory west
Of tile Rio del \Toil^, acquired from Mexico hv the treaty ot
the second d tv of Febrmuy. eighteen hundred and ioity-
eight, be, and the same -ire berehv, extended over and aiven
full lorce and efficacy in all said terntory, and tile Pi evident
of the United States hereby authonzed to psescube
establish all proper and needful rule^ and resiiJatioi* (in
conformity with the Constitution of the United Slate?) for
the enforcement of said iaw^ m ?aid terntory; and for the
preservation of order arid tranquillity, and the o«tabh>hment
of justice therein, and from lime to tune to modify or chancre
the said rules and regulations in such manner may seem
to him decreet and proper; and to establish, temporarily,
such divisions, di^in^ts, ports, office*?, and all ariangerneuts
proper for the execution of said laws, and appoint and com-
mission such officers as may be necessary to administer
such laws in said territories, for such t'Tin or terms as he
may prcscube, whose authority «hall continue until other-
wise provided by Congress: said officers to receive such
compensation as the President mav prescribe, not exceed-
ing double the compensation heretofore, paid to similar offi-
cers of the United States, or its territories, foi like services ;
and to enable the same to he done, the sum of two hundred
thousand dojlars be appropriated, out of any money in the
treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. TOOMBS renewed the amendment of Mr.
Richardson. The object of this proposition (he
said) was to provide a government for these Ter-
ritories. He did not think that the project which
the committee had before it would effect the object.
The only measure which, in his judgment, would
effect it had been passed by. When this com-
mittee determined to put. the prohibitory clause
upon the amendment of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Preston,] all chance of pacification
was at an end. That amendment met his hearty
approbation. It would meet the approbation of
the country. It stuod upon a ggeat popular prin-
ciple; and all efforts to legislate upon this question,
on one side or the other, must fail, would fail, and
ought to fail.
He withdrew the amendment.
The question recurring on rising and reporting
the bill, was taken and agreed to.
So the committee rose, and reported its action
to the House.
Mr. WENTWORTH demanded the previous
question, (first on concurring in the amendment
made by the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and then on the engrossment of the
bill.)
The demand for the previous question was sec-
onded.
And the main question was ordered to be now
taken.
The amendments (which consisted simply of the
filling of the blanks in the 17th section, as hereto-
fore noticed) were concurred in.
And the bill was ordered to be engrossed.
And the bill and amendments having been en-
grossed ad interim, the House decided that the bill
should have its third reading at this time.
And having been read a third time by its title,
and the question beins;, "Shall this bill pass?"
Mr. WENTWORTH demanded the previous
question.
He would first, however, he said, move to re-
consider the vote just taken, and that'that motion
be laid on the table.
And it was ordered accordingly.
Mr. MEADE now moved that the bill be laid
on the table, and (simultaneously with Mr. Burt)
demanded the yeas and nayson that motion, which
were ordered.
And the question, "Shall this bill be laid on the
table?" was then taken,and decided in thenegative
—yeas 86, nays 1*27—as follows :
YE AS—Messrs. Atkinson, Bamnger, Burrow, Bayly,
Bedinger, Hocock, Botts, Bowdon, Bowhn. Bovd, Bojden,
Bridges, William G. Brown, Albert G. Bimvu, Burt, Cabell,
Chapman, Cliabe, Beverlv L. Clarke, Chngman, Howell
Cobb, Williamson It. W. Cobb, Cocke, Cusfteld, Crozicr,
Donnell, Garnett Duncan, Alexandei Evau^, tVatherston,
Flournoy, Fienrh, Fulton, Games, Gayle, Gontiy, Go£«in,
Green, Willard P. flail, Haral>on, Hatmanson, Hams, Hill,
Hilhard, Laae R. Holmes, Geoi<:e S. Houston, Inge. Uvr-
son,-Jameson,Andrew Johnson, Robeit W. Johnson,George
W. Jones, John W. Jones, Kaufman, Kennon, Thomas But-
89
ler King, La S6re, Ligon, Lumpkin, McDowell, McLane,
McQueen, Meade, Miller, More.hend. IVTor.<-e, Outlaw, Pen-
dleton, Pe\ton, Phelp*, PiJsburv, Preston, Rhett, Roman,
Sawjtr, Slieppeiri. ^imp^on, Stanton, Stephens, Thibo-
danx, Thomas, Jacob Thompson. John B. Thompson,
Tompkins, Toombs, Venable, and Woodward—86.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott. Adam", Ashmun, Belcher, Bing-
ham, Bird-Mill, Biackmnr, Bradv, Brodhead, Buckner. jintler,
Canby, Catheart, Clapp, Franklin Chirk, Collamer, Collins,
Con^pr, Cranston, Crowoll, Cummins, Darling, Dickey,
Dixon, J)uer, Dunn, Cckert. Ed-all, Edwards, Embree,
Nathan Evan*, Faran, Farrolly, Fic-klin, Fi-hcr, FreedJev.
Giddmas, Gott. Greeley, Gregory, Gnnnell, Hale, Nathan K.
Hall, Hammons, Mo-.cs Hampton, Henley, Henry, Elios B,
Holme"?, Hubbard, Hudson, Hunt, Oharle= J. Ineer«o!l, Jo-
seph R fiiijerioll, Irvin, Jenkins, Jame^ H. Johnson, Kel-
log-2, Daniel P. King, Lnhm, William T. Lawrence, Sidney
Lawrence, Leffier, Levin, Lincoln, Loid, Lvnde, Maelav,
McClelland, McClemand, Mcllvatne, Job Mann, Horace
Mann, Maivh, Marvin, Morris, Mullin, Murphy, Xe.l<on,
Newell, Nicoll. Palfrev, Pea^iee. Peck, P^tne, Peitit, Pol-
lock, Putnam, Reynold^, Richardson, Richev, Robinson,
Rocklnll, Juhus Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Ro*«e. Root,
Rurn«ey, St. John,Sclienck. Sherrill, Filve^or, Simgerland,
Smart, Caleb T>. Smith, Robt. Smith. Starkweather, Andrew
Stewart. Charts E. ?tu<trt. StroPin, Sironj:, Tallmad^e,
Taylor. Jame^ Thompson, Richard W. Thompson, Wi'ham
Thompson, Thurston, Tuck. Van D< kc, Vinton, Warren,
Wentwortb, White, VViek, Wilev, Williams, Wilmot. and
Wilson—127.
So the House dccided that the bill should not be
laid on the table.
And the question recurring on the demand for
the previous question, there was a second.
And the main question (on the passage of the
bi!H was ordered to be now taken.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered
thereon.
And the question "Shall this hill pass?" was
then taken and decided in the affirmative—yeas
126, nays 87—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adam?, A«hmun, Be'cher, Bing-
ham, Bird-all, Blackmai, Brodhead. Buckner, Butler, Can-
by, Cathcart, Clapp, Franklin Clark, Collamer, Collins,
Conner, Cranston, Crowe!!, Cummins, Darlmc, Dickry,
Dixon, Dner, Dunn, E^kert, Ed-all, Edwards, Esubreo,
Nathan Evans. Faran, FairoWy, Fickhu, Fisher,'Freedley,
Gidding®. Gott, GiMev, Giecory, Gunnel!, Hale, Nathan
K. Hail, Hammons, J: mesG. iLimpton, Mo-es Hampton,
Ilenlev, lleury, Ehas B. Holmes, Hubbaid, IIud>on, Hunt,
Irvm, Jenkirie, James H. .lohnson, Kelloee, Daniel P. Kinp-,
Lahm, Wi'haiii T. Lawrencc, Sidney Lawrence, LefiVr.
Levin, Lincoln, Lord, L\nde, Maclay, McClelland, 3Jc-
Clernand, Mcllvame, Job ftlann, Horace Maim, Matt'u,
Marvin, Morii«, Mullin, Murphy, Xel-on. Newell. Nicoil,
PaUievi P"a«)ee, Peck, Peine, Pettit, Pollock. Putnam,
Revnolds, Richard-on, Ruhev, Robinson, Rockiuli. Juliu-
Roekwell, John A Rockwell, Rose, Root, 3?um?ev% St.
John, Schenck, Shernil, Silvester, Stmgeiland, Smait,
Caleb B. Smith, Robert Smith, Truman Snmh, Starkvveatn-
er, Andrew Stewart, Charles E. Stuart, Strohm, S^iong,
Tallmadcie, Taylor, James Thompson. Richard W. Thomp-
son. Willunn Thomp.-on, Thur-ton, Tuck, Van Dvke, Vin-
ton, Wairen, Wentworth, While, Wick, Wiley, Williams,
Wdmot, and Wilson—100.
NAYS—Mes-rs. Atkin>on, Barrmger, Bariow, Bavlv,
Bedinger, Rocock, Botts, Bowdon, Bowhn, Bovd, Boydeh,
Bridge^. William G. Brown, Albert G. Brown, Burt, Cabell,
Chapman, Cbnse, Beverly L. Clatke, Chngman, Howell
Cobb, Williamson It. W. Cobb, Cocke, Cri-field, Ciozier,
Daniel, Donnell, Garnett Duncan, Alexander Evan:-, Feath-
er«ton, Flournoy, French, Fulton, Gsune*, Gavle, Gentry,
Go"<*m, Green," Willard P. Hall, L'araNon, Marman-on,
Harris, Ha-kel!, Hill, Tliitiaid, Isaac E. Holmes, Gcoiqe 8.
floustou, fnue, Tverson. Jameson, Andrew Johnson, Robert
W. Johnson, Geor<*e W. Jones, John W. Jones, Kaufman,
Kennon, Thomas Butler Kins, La S6ie, L-son, Lumpkin,
McDowell, JVTcLanc, McQueen, Meade,"Miller, Moiehe.id,
Morse, Outlaw, Pendiuton, Pevton, Phelps, Pil&burv, Pies-
ton, Rhett. Roman, Sawver, Siiepperd, Simpson, Stanton, '
Stephens, 'Thomas, Jacob Thomson, John B. Thomp=on, :
Tompknis, Toombs, Venablo, and Woodwaui—87.
So the bill was passed.
IVIr. ROCKWELL, of Massachusetts, moved a
reconsideration of the vote, and that that motion be |
laid on the table.
Ordered accordingly. ,
EXTRA COMPENSATION.* -
Mr. CRISFLELD rose, he said, to a privileged |
question. He moved a reconsideration of the vote i
by which the resolution of the gentleman from i
New York [Mr. Tallmadge] providing for extra I
compensation to clerks, messengers, &c., had yes- i
terday been laid on the table.
Mr. C. snid that he was opposed to the passage of
the resolution, but that, if a majority of the House
desired that it should be adopted, he would not
interpose an objection.
Mr. TOOMBS moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
New Series... No. 39.
The yeas and nays on that motion were asked
and refused.
Tellers (Messrs. Hammons and ^oombs) were
appointed.
And the question on the motion of Mr. Toombs
was then taken, and decided in the affirmative—
ayes 77, noes 67. ^
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the table.
MEXICAN" CLAIMS.
Mr. LEVIN moved that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Ur>ion, for ihe purpose of taking up the bill to
provide for the payment of Mexican claims, and
for the appointment of a commissioner, &c.
NEW MEXICO.
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, was understood to give
notice, that ]f the motion prevailed,he should insist
on taking up the special order, being; the bill to
establish a territorial government in New Mexico.
BRANCH MINT IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. MEADE asked the gentleman fiom Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Leyjx] to waive his motion for a
moment, to enable him (Mr. M.) to ask leave to
introduce a bill, of which he had heretofore g;iven
notice, and which, he had heretofore stated, he
desired to make a special order. It was a bill m
which many members had manifested particular
interest. He should move to make it a special
order, and thus test the sense of the House as to
considering it. It was a bill to establish a branch
mint in California, and for other purposes.
The SPEAKER (to Mr.Levin.) Does the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania yield the floor?
Mr. LEVIN said he would^do so.
The SPEAKER, then put the question on grant-
ing leave.
"And leave having; been granted, the bill was in-
troduced, and received its first and second reading;
by the title.
Mr. MEADE moved that the bill be committed
to the Committee of the "Whole on the state of the
Union.
Several Voices. Put it on its passage.
Mr. MEADE said he would move that the rules
of the House be suspended, so that the bill might
be put upon its passage.
Some objections were heard.
Mr. MEADF, said, he had stated that he in-
tended to move to make the bill the special order,
and as gentlemen had permitted him to introduce
it with that understanding, he did not feel at lib-
erty to make any other motion, unless there should
be no objection to his moving that the bill be put
on its passage. He would therefore move that it
be made the special order for to-morrow, and that
in the mean time it be printed.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman propose
to refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union?
Mr. MEADE said, Yes, and to make it the spe-
cial order for to-morrow.
Mr. FICKL1N wished to inquire of the Chair,
(within the hearing also of the mover of the prop-
osition,) in cs.se the appropriation % ere stricken
out, if the bdl couU! not be'put upon its passage?
He would suggest that that course be taken.
After some conversation—
Mr. FICKLIN moved to strike out the appro-
priation contained in the bill, so as to put it at once
upon its passas^.
The SPEAKER stated that the motion to com-
rait was first in order. The Chair (he said) would
also state to the gentleman from Illinois that the
amendment would not obviate ihe necessity of the
hill going to the Committee of the Whole on the
Mate of the Union. It would icquire a sijgpetisioii
of the rules by a two-thirds vote to act upon the bill
in the House.
ilr. MEADE stated that that poition of the bill
which contemplated an appropriation was in blank,
and'iiiquircd whether, this being the frrt^th;; bill
could not now be put upon its pjvsage. lie was
willing (he added) that the House should make
whatever disposition of the hill they saw fit.
Mr. POLLOCK demanded the previous ques-
