610
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 27,
tion, remarking that be understood, if sustained,
that it would bring the House first to a vote upon
the commitment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania and to the House,
that if this bill contains an appropriation, its first
consideration must take place in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union; and the bill
went to the committee without any vote. It would
require ^two-thirds vote to act upon it in the House.
The Chair only entertained the motion because
the gentleman from Virginia proposed to make the
bill the special order for to-morrow. That motion
may be entertained, but ^t requires a vote .of two-
thirds to carry it. •
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania. Will the
Chair allow me- to inquire whether, the section
being in blank, there was an appropriation ill the
bill?
The SPEAKER. If there is no appropriation
in the bill, the question may be taken upon order-
ing it to be engrossed, read a third time, and
passed. ■
Mr. TOOMBS. I understand that the bill con-
templates an appropriation.
The SPEAKER. If it does not contain an ap-
propriation, it is not within the rule, because, if
the bill is passed, no appropriation will be made.
Mr. POLLOCK insisted upon the demand for
the previous question.
The SPEAKER. If the previous question is
sustained, the question will be first on the motion
of the gentleman from Virginia to commit the bill,
and if that fail, it will then be upon the passage of
the bill.
Mr. DUER. Do I understand that a two-thirds
vote is not required to put the bill upon it pas-
sage ?
The SPEAKER. Not if the bill contains no
appropriation.
Mr. DICKEY. But it does contain an appro-
priation. It provides for the salary of superin-
tendent.
The SPEAKER." The bill may provide for
salaries without containing an appropriation to pay
them. 1
Mr. ASHMUN asked for the reading of the
section of the bill in question.
It was read, and it appeared that the appropria-
tion was left in blank.
The SPEAKER stated that there was no appro-
priation in the bill-, in the opinion of the Chair.
Mr. RUMSEY appealed from the decision.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, inquired
what the decision of the Chair was in regard to its
being an appropriation bill ?
The SPEAKER replied that there was no ap-
propriation in the bill. It proposed to establish a
salary by law; but it did not contain an appropri-
ation. The officer could not be paid unless the
blank were filled; if it were not filled, no appropri-
ation would be made.
Mr. WILLIAM T. LAWRENCE inquired if
the bill could bo passed until the blank was filled ?
The SPEAKER replied that the House might
: any bill it saw fit.
Pending the question—
TERRITORIAL GOVERNMENT—NEW MEXICO.
On motion of Mr. SMITH', of Indiana, th; House
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Cranston, of Rhode
Island, in the chair,) and, after an unsuccessful
effort of Mr. Tali.madge to take up bill No. 39f>,
proceeded to the consideration of the special order,
being a bill to establish the Territorial Government
of New Mexico.
On motion of Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, the gen-
eral reading of the bill was dispensed with, and the
bill was read by sections, for amendment.
The first section, which defines the boundariesof
New Mexico, being under consideration—
Mr. VINTON moved an amendment, as follows:
That nothing in this net contained shall be eoi.strued to
affect or impair the riijlit or claim of the State of" Texas to
any part of the territory embraced within lire above nit n-
tioued boundaries; and the consent of the United States
is hereby given to the State ofTexas to institute, m the
Supreme Court of the United State-, a suit at law oi in
equity against the tinned Slates, to settle and finally deter-
mine all questions of boundary between said Staie ot Texas
and said Territory of New Mexico; which suit shall be
brought, conducted, tried, arid decided, in the same manner
as by the Constitution of "the United Suites and the law and
practice of the said court like suits are or may be brought,
contacted, tried, and decided, in controversies between two
of more States of the United States respecting their bound-
aries.
Mr. VINTON briefly addressed the committee
in explanation and support of the amendment.
It was well known, he said, that Texas claimed
to own the entire Country bordering upon this
gide of the Rio Grande, from its mouth to its
source. He had heretofore stated on the floor of
the House, that he believed that an invalid claim.
But it was sufficient that it was set up in good
faith by a State to entitle it to respect. Now, this
bill proposed to draw a boundary line between
Now Mexico and the State of Texas, in such a
manner as to include in the proposed territory a
very large district of country that was claimed by
the State of Texas as a part of her territory, lying
upon this side of the Rio Grande.
"Now, when a controversy of this sort arose,
every one knew that of all tribunals this House,
was the least fitted to decide upon it. A question
of this description necessarily involved the early
history of the Territory of Texas and of New
Mexico, all the transactions connected with^ the
revolution in Texas, and the annexation of Texas
to the United States, as well as the act of the Gov-
ernment of the United States on the late treaty
with the Republic of Mexico. If this question were
referred for settlemnnt to that tribunal, which the
Constitution of the United States had provided for
the settlement of all controversies which might arise
upon questions of boundary between the different
States of this Union—if it were referred to the Su-
preme Court of the United States—it would follow,
as a matter of course, that preliminary to the settle-
ment of the question, all the necessary surveys,
examinations, collections of facts and proof, must
be made, in the taking of which proof, both parties
would have an opportunity to be present, and to in-
vestigate and bring forward all the facts. And when
the question was made, as it must be made between
two sovereign States of this Union—when all the
facts were put upon record, and both parties had a
fair opportunity to make good the claim set up by
them—as a matter of course, the question would
be presented on both sides by the ablest counsel
in the country, and it would receive the solemn,
serious, calm deliberation which belonged to such
a tribunal as the Supreme Court of the United
States, instead of that casual attention which alone
could be bestowed upon it in this House—to say
nothing of the fact, that some portion of the House,
at least, was composed of gentlemen who did not
pretend to be lawyers, who did not belong to that
profession at all, and were therefore unfitted to
decide a question of this nature. It was, in the
circumstances in which it was presented,"and to
which he had referred, purely a question of law,
and nothing else. If Texas did in fact own the
territory in dispute, then he desired that she should
have it. She should have the benefit of a hearing
before the Supreme Court, which would give her
the highest security that her rights would be re-
spected and carried into effect. On theother hand, if
the country in controversy did not belong to'Texas,
then he was free to say, that he was one of those
who were not willing to accord it to her. He was
not willing to give a gracious gift to^Texas of a
Territory as large or larger than two or three
States of this Union, which, if it were given to
her, carried with it all the public lands, and all the
public property which attached to the territory
this side of the Rio Grande. We had already been
involved on account ofTexas—he said on account
of Texas, because every gentleman here knew
that if annexation had never taken place we should
have had no war with Mexico—we had already
been involved on account of the annexation of
Texas in a war which had cost us, he thought he
might say, $100,000,000, or nearly that amount;
and, in addition, it was now proposed that we
should surrender up to Texas all that immense
poition'of country bordering on this side of the !
Rio Grande.
He desired that Texas should have a fair hear-
ing; that all her claims which were founded in law
arid equity should be established and carried, into
effect. If the country on this side of the Rio
Grande did in law and equity belong to her, then
he was the last man in this House who would en-
deavor to wrest it from her; and consequently he
had stated in this amendment to this bill, which
took in a large district of country which Texas
claimed, that nothing in this act contained should
be construed to impair or affect the rights of Texas,
but that-Texas should have the opportunity of in-
stituting a suit in the Supreme Court of the United
States,'which, in all resppcts, should be instituted,
conducted, tried, and decided, as controversies
were instituted, conducted, tried, and decided, be-
tween two States of this Union.
He thought, "if Texas desired only that which
was fair, she would not object to this proposition.
No portion of the people of the United States, he
thought, could object to the proposition to bring
this controversy into the Supreme Court of the
United Sfates. Everybody knew, if ■the question
were settled by Congress, it could not be without
agitation. It was precisely one of those questions
which could not bfsettled here without agitation;
and if it was settled here, by the vote of this
House, he undertook to say it would give deep
dissatisfaction either to the people-of the northern
or of the southern portion of the United States: he
did not undertake to say which portion it might
be; that would be according as the case was set-
tled in favor of one side or the other. But if it
was settled by the Supreme Court of the United
States, according to law and equity, every portion
of this whole land, of this law-loving land, should
be, and ought to be, with it—a mode of settlement
which would relieve us from the troubles and the
dangers of this agitating question.
Mr. GREELEY regarded the amendment as a
most extraordinary proposition in all respects.
This question of Boundary was more than a mere'
question of law; it was .a question of liberty and
of right. The people ofNew Mexico were known
to be strongly against submitting themselves to the
rule and authority of Texas. They had, at all
times, and under all circumstances, resisted the
jurisdiction of that State. And now it was pro-
posed to send them before a tribunal for the de-
cision—he could hardly say of what question,
without looking at the resolutions of annexation.
He looked at the facts. The government of
Texas, separated from these people by three hun-
died miles of desert and wilderness, peopled by
Indians, was demanding jurisdiction over them;
and on theother hand, the people of New Mexico,
separated from Texas, as they ever had been,
were demandmg*protection against this claim of
jurisdiction. He held that no people, under such
circumstances, ought to be governed by any other
authority than their own, or that instituted by
themselves. If the claim of Texas had any legal
validity, the people of New Mexico had also righta
under the treaty v,f peace which we were solemnly
bound to maintain. The claim of Texas could
hardly be maintained on the ground of possession,
or that of a title acquired-by conquest; for the flag
ofTexas never waved over the soil of New Mex-
ico, except for a few days, when the party bearing
it was defeated and captured to the last man,
reaching their homes by a route more circuitous
than any on which congressional mileage is com-
puted. The claim of Texas rests on nothing but
itself—a mere paper declaration.
Under such a state of facts, and with the annex-
ation resolutions declaring the boundary ofTexas
to be subject to adjustment by this Government,
why not meet the question here? For his part,
knowing that the question of liberty or slavery-
was involved in the proposition, and that the de-
cision of the Supreme Court upon it in favor of
the claim of Texas would carry slavery over a ter-
ritory much larger than the whole of New Eng-
land, he was unwilling to commit such a question
to that tribunal. He spoke of that tribunal with
all respect, when he intimated that a majority of
the judges were slaveholders, sustaining the right
of this Government to extend slavery. He con-
sidered that the free States should never consent to
give up the decision of this question to a slave-
holding tribunal. Why should they not choose
to have it settled here where their power is pre-
dominant? -
The amendment seemed to him the.most ex-
traordinary proposition he had ever heard. It was
virtually a proposition to annul the government
of New Mexico, and to surrender her people to
the authority of Texas, provided those slavehold-
ing -judges should say so. He objected to any
action of Congress recognizing any ground of
claim by Texas to a jurisdiction which she had
never yet established. If she had the right, let her
send in her officers and^ endeavor to' extend her
laws over that territory, thus bringing the questions
naturallyjbefore the Supreme.Court." He protested
