: I 1- A
1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. BARRINGER, from the committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported a bill to provide for the
punishment of crimes and offences committed with-,
in the Indian country; 'which was read twice and
committed, and ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. BARRINGER,
Ordered, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be dis-
charged fiom the further consideration of the memorial of*
thi* Cherokee Indians of the State of North Carolina, and
. that it be laid on the table.
* On motion of Mr. BOTTS,
Ordered, That the Committee on Military Affairs be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the petitions of
the citizens of the State of Mar\land, for the discontinuance
of the Military Academy, and that it be laid on the table.
Mr. BOTTS, from the Committee on Military
f. Affairs, reported a bill to classify the clerks of the
f military department of the army, and to regulate
their salaries; which bill was read twice, when it
was,
1 On motion of Mr. PECK, -
Ordered, That the said bill be committed to theTUoramit-
j tee of the Whole House on the'state of the Union.
Mr. BOTTS, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill from the Senate entitled "An
act to provide for an increase of the medical staff,
and for an additional number of chaplains of the
army of the United States," reported the same
back with an amendment-, when—
The question being upon agreeing to said amend-
ment—
Mr. BOTTS moved thepreviousquestion, which
was seconded; and, under the operation thereof,
the amendment .was agreed to.
The bill was then read the third time; and the
question recurred upon the passage, when
Mr. COLLINS moved that the said bill be laid
on the table; which motion was not agreed to.
The question then recurred on the passage of
the bill.
* Mr. WHITE moved the previous question,
which was seconded; and, under the operation
thereof, the bill was passed, and sent to the Senate-
Mr. BURT, from the same committee, reported
a bill to grant lands to the volunteers and State
troops who served in the Florida war; which was
read twice and committed, and ordered to be
printed.
On motion of Mr. BURT, it was
Ordered, That the Committee -on Military Affairs be dis-
charged from tlie further consideration of the petitions of
George Lendinan, R« G,. Crozier, E. C. Lewis, A. Mont-
gomery, and William H. Hubbard and others, and that they
be laid upon the tabie.
The .Committee on Naval Affairs having been
called—
Mr. GAYLE inquired of the Speaker whether
it would be in order for him to move that the
House proceed to the consideration of business on
the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER said the motion would be in
order.
Mr. GAYLE submitted it.
PRESIDENT S.HD VICE PRESIDENT ELECT.
Mr. BARROW requested the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Gayle] to withdraw his motion, to
enable him to make a report from the committee
appointed to wait on the President and Vice Pres-
ident elect, and to communicate to them official
information of their election. Mr..B. said he would
renew the motion. 1
Mr. GAYLE having withdrawn his motion—
Mr. BARROW made the report, which was
laid on the table.
Mr. B,. then renewed the motion that the House
proceed to the consideration of business on the
Speaker's table.
Mr. VINTON said that he hoped that before
the House proceeded to tlie consideration of that
business, he would be permitted to report back the
Indian appropriation bill from the Committee of
Ways and Means..
Mr. HUNT hoped that, by general consent, the
call of the committees would be proceeded with.
The motion of Mr. Gayle was persisted in.
And the question having been taken thereon, and
decided in the negative—
The House refused to proceed to the considera-
tion of business on the Speaker's table.
LIQUOR, ETC., IN THE NAVY.
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, to whom were referred
twenty-one petitions of citizens of the State of
New York, praying the exclusion of intoxicating
liquors from the vessels of the United States navy,
except for medical purposes; and also petitions
praying that corporal punishment may be abol-
ished in the navy,—the said committee were dis-
charged from the further consideration thereof, and
the said petitions were laid upon the table.
CAPTORS OF THE FRIGATE PHILADELPHIA.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the same committee, to
whom was referred Senate bill for the relief of the
captors of the frigate Philadelphia, reported the
same back without amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK (remarking that this was the
unanimous report of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, who had had charge of the subject) de-
manded the previous question.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, called for the
reading of the bill; and it was read through.
Mr. H. desired permission to say a few words.
Objected to.
The question was then taken on the demand for
the previoCIs question, and by ayes 82, noes 31, it
was seconded.
The SPEAKER said that he would call the at-
tention of the House to the fact, which had escaped
his notice, that the bill contained an appropriation,
and that it must therefore (except the rules were
suspended) be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. The previous
question could only apply to the motion to commit.
Mr. SCHENCK moved a suspension of the
rules.
Tellers (Messrs. Sciienck and Featherston)
were appointed, and the vote stood—ayes 68, noes
49.
So two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended/
And tire SPEAKER stated that the bill would
be committed-to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. SCHENCK asked the yeas and" nays on
the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. STANTON rose, he said, to a question of
order. He submitted whether, the decision having
been announced,.it was not too late for the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Schenck]* to call for the yeas
and nays ?
The SPEAKER said it was a constitutional
privilege of every member, upon a vote of one-
fifth of the members, to have the yeas and nays.
Mr. SCHENCK said he had made the motion
as soon as he could reach his seat.
Mr. STANTON'inquired of the Speaker, wheth-
er the subject had not passed from before the
House?
The SPEAKER. No, sir. Nothing had inter-
vened. If anything had intervened, the Speaker
would not have entertained the motion.
The yeas and nays were then refused. -
On motion of Mr. DUER, the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, to whom was referred the me-
morial of Bogert& Kneeland, and others, for relief
against the Republic ofVenezuela, &c., were dis-
charged from the consideration thereof, and the
said memorial laid upon the table.
Mr. STRONG, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of Uriah Wilson, made an adverse report
thereon; which was laid upon the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. FULTON, the Committee
on Invalid Pensions was discharged from the con-
sideration of the following petitions, viz: Mary
Langley, Samuel Crapin, George Whitten, citi-
zens, in behalf of David Montgomery, Nathaniel
Harrison, William Cook, Alexander McDonald,
and Alanson Pool, and the said petitions were laid
upon the table.
Mr. FARRELLY, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, made a report upon the petition of J. R.
Emerson; which was laid on the table and ordered
to be pri'litod.
Mr. FARAN, frem the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, reported a joint resolution
authorizing the lease of a part of a public square
to Mr. J. Casparis; which was read twice. -
Ordered, That tlie said resolution be engrossed and read a
thud time.
And it was accordingly read the third time;
when,
On motion of Mr. BOYBEN, it was laid on the
table.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois, from the Committee
on Roads and-Canals, reported a bill to provide
for opening a road from Lake Superior, by the way
of the Falls of St. Qroix,- Marine Mills, Stillwater,
and St. Paul's, to Point Douglass, on the Missis*
sippi river; which was rea.d twice, committed
ordered to be" printed. . ,
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Committee oft.
Expenditures in the Post Office Department, to
whom were referred the quarterly accounts of ex-
penditures in said department for the third and
fourth quarters of 1847 and the first and second *
quarters of 1848, were discharged from the further
consideration thereof. ^
Mr. MURPHY, from the Joint Committee oh
the Library, reported a joint resolution authorizing
the Secretary of the Senate and Clerk of the HtiuSe
to subscribe for a thousand copies of the Debates
and Proceedings of Congress from the second to
the fourth Congresses, inclusive; which was read
a first and second time. -
Mr. M. moved the previous question; which
was seconded.
The said joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time.
The resolution being engrossed, was accord-
ingly read a third time and passed.
Mr. MURPHY moved that the vote just taken
upon the passage of the said resolution be recon-
sidered, and that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table; which latter motion was "agreed to.
Mr. CONGER, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the resolution relating
to the printing of extra copies of the report of thq
Commissioner of Patents, made a report 'thereon,
accompanied by the following resolution:
Resolved, That live thousand copies of the^inmial report
of the Commissioner of Patents, with the list Of patents and
claims annexed, and twenty thousand copies of the same
report, without tiie list of patents arid claims, be printed for
the use of members, and that five hundred copies of.the
former and fifteen hundred copies of the latter be delivered
to the Commissioner of Patents, for the use of tire Patent
Office, and that the entire number of copies hereby ordered
be bound. * . ,
Mr- WHITE moved to amend the; resolution 1
by striking out the word " twenty," and inserting
the word " forty," so that it would read " forty
thousand copies."
Mr. WHITE moved the previous question,
which was seconded, and, under the operation
thereof, the resolution as amended was adopted. -
Mr. WHITE moved that the vote be reconsid-
ered by which the resolution was agreed to,and
also moved that the motion to reconsider belaid
upon the table, which latter motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. CONGERvit was
Ordered, That the Committee on Printing be discharged
from the further consideration of the petition of certai.it cit-
izens of tlie United States, asking the passage of a law pro-
viding for distribution among the common schools, of the
Union, all public documents; and also tlie memorial of Ed-
win Williams, of New York; and that they be relerred to the
Committee on the Library.
Mr. BO WDON, from the select committee, com-
posed of the members of the House from the State
of Alabama, reported a bill for the relief of the
citizens of Cedar Bluff, Cherokee county, Alabama,
and for other purposes, Accompanied by a report
in writing; which bill was read twice, and ordered
to be engrossed; and read a third time and being
engrossed, was accordingly read a third time and
passed, and sent to Senate for concurrence.
Mr. LORD, from the Select Committee on
Adulterated Drugs and Medicines, submitted the
views of the minority of the said committee on
the memorial of W. T. G. Morton; which were
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BOWLIN, from the Seleet Committee ap-
pointed on the subject of swamps and submerged
lands in Missouri and Arkansas, reported a bill to
grant to the States of Missouri and Arkansas cer-
tain swamp lands for the purpose of reclaiming
them and increasing the value of the. public lands
in the vicinity thereof, accompanied by a report in
writing; which bill was read twice and committed,
and the bill and report ordered to be printed.
Mr. TOOMBS, from the Select Committee ap-
pointed on the message, of the President of the
United States on the subject of levying and col-
lecting duties on goods entering the ports of Mex-
ico during the war between the United States and
the Republic of Mexico, made a report thereon in
writing.
Mr. McCLERNAND, from the same commit-
tee, submitted, in writing, the views.of the minor-
ity on ths same subject. '* ""
