m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 28,
Mr. STANTON, of the same committee, sub-
mitted his views in writing on Xhe same subject.
Ordmed, That the report of the said committee, together
with the views of the minority thereof, as reported by
Messrs. McClernand and Stanton, be committed to the
Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union,
and printed.
Mr. DUNCAN, of Kentucky, from the same
committee, to whom was referred the bill^to pro-
vide for the settlement of the accounts of public
officers and others who may have received moneys
arising from military contributions or otherwise in
Mexico, reported the same back to the House
without amendment.
Mr. DUNCAN said he was instructed by the
committee to ask that the bill be put upon its
passage.
Mr. McCLERNAND asked Mr. D. to move the
previous question.
Mr. VINTON said he hoped such a motion
would not be sustained.
The SPEAKER said, if the bill gave rise to
debate; it must go over.
Mr. VINTON said he desired to debate it.
Mr. NICOLL' (who held the floor) demanded
the previous question.
And the question thereon having been taken,
the vote stood—ayes 80, noes 49.
So there was a second. ■ :
And the main question was ordered to be now
taken, (which main question was on the engross-
ment of the bill.)
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
Mr. VINTON moved a reconsideration of the
vote.
Mr. V. was proceeding to address the House,
when—
The SPEAKER interposed, and said, that by a
rule this day adopted, a bill or report from a com-
mittee, if it gave rise to debate, must go over until
to-morrow.
Mr. VINTON. I wish to debate it.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
will, however, be a privileged question to-mor-
row, and will therefore bring up the bill.
RECESS.
Mr. VINTON, referring to the condition in
which the appropriation bills stood between the
two Houses, said that it was a matter of the high-
est importance that the House should give as much
time as possible to these bills. He moved, there-
fore, that the rules be suspended, to enable him to
move that this day and every day hereafter, during
the residue of the session, the House take a recess
from halt-past three until six o'clock.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, suggested
that the resolution should take effect after to-day.
Mr. COGGIN suggested an amendment, fixing
the time of the recess from four to six.
Mr. VINTON said it was immaterial to him,
and he would accept the amendment as a modifica-
tion. •
The question was then taken; and two-thirds
voting in the affirmative, the rules were suspended.
Mr. VINTON thereupon submitted his motion.
The SPEAKER satd he understood the motion
to be, that the House take a recess this day, and
each succeeding day, during the session, from four
to six o'clock.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved to
amend the motion, so that the recess should take
effect after to-day. He assigned a reason (which
was not heard by the repoiter) why many mem-
bers could not possibly attend here to-night.
Mr. VINTON said, if the appropriation bills
were not passed through this House, he wished
to clear his skirts of all responsibility.
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, asked if it would be
in order to move to amend the motion?
The SPEAKER answered in the affirmative.
Mr. SMITH moved to amend by inserting,
" from half-past three to six."
The question was taken first on Mr. Thomp-
son's amendment, and it was rejected.
The amendment of Mr. Smith was then agreed
to; and, as thus amended, the motion was agreed-
to.
So the House decided that it would take a re-
cess, from half-past three to six o'clock, j
Mr. VINTON, from the Committee of Ways !
and Means, to whom were referred the amend- j
ments of the Senate to the bill making appropria- j
tions for the current and contingent expenses of 1
the Indian Department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes, for the year
ending June 30th, 1850, reported the same back to
the House, with sundry amendments.
Mr. HUDSON, from the Copimittee of Ways
and Means, who were instructed by a resolution
of the House "to ihquire into the expediency of
reporting a tariff bill based upon the principles o'f
the tariff of 1842," made a report thereon in wri-
ting.
Mr. NICOLL submitted the views of the mi-
nority of the said committee on the same subject.
Ordered, That the said report, together with the views of
the minority be laid upon the table and printed..
Ordered, That tiie Committee on Printing be instructed to'
inquire into the expediency of printing an extra number of
copies of the said report, together with the views of the
minority.
Mr. HAMPTON, from the Comniittee on En-
rolled Bills, made a report.
Mr. CROWELL,from the Comniittee on Claims,
to whom was referred the.petition of Captain Cas-
sius M. Clay, made a report thereon, accompanied
by a bill for his relief; which bill was read and
committed, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CHOW ELL, from the same committee, to
whom was referred the petition of Pierson Cogs-
well, made a re port thereon, accompanied by a bill
for his relief: read and committed.
On motion of.Mr. CROWELL, it was ,
Ordered, That the Committee on Claims be discharged
from the further consideration of the petition of John T. Bail,
and that it he laid upon the table.
Mr. CROWELL, from the Committee on Claims,
made adverse reports upon the petitions of George
W. Kidd, Alexander Watson, and Isaac Cook,
and of Peletiah Shepard and Benjamin A. Napier;
which were laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
On motion of Mr. DUNN,
Ordered, That the Committee on Claims be discharged
from tile faither consideration of the petition of Robert
Kirkliam, and that it be laid upon the table.
Mr. DUNN, from the Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the petition of Samuel B. Spen-
cer, made an adverse report thereon; which was
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HUNT, from the Committee on Commerce,
reported a bill to remit the duties upon certain
goods destroyed by fire in the city of New York;
which was read twice; and the question recurring
upon the engrossment of the bill—
Mr. H. moved the previous question.
Mr. FICKLIN moved that the bill be laid upon
the table; which motion was not agredd to.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered, viz:'" Shall the bill be
engrossed and read athird time ?" And being put,
it was decided in the affirmative.
The said bill being engrossed, was accordingly
read the third time.
The question recurring upon the passage of the
bill—•
Mr. NICOLL moved the previous question,
which was seconded, and the main question or-
dered, viz: Shall the bill pass? And being put, it
was decided in the affirmative.
Mr. HUNT moved that the vote be reconsid-
ered by which the said bill was passed, and also
moved that the motion to feconsider be laid upon
the table; which latter motion was agreed to, and
the bill sent to the Senate for concurrence.
Mr. HUNT, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the petition of James
B. Clarke, of the city of New York, prating for
the passage of a law to protect importing mer-
chants against the payment of illegal duties, made
a report thereon; which was laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved the previous ques-
tion, which was seconded, and the main question
ordered, viz: Shall the bill be engrossed and read
a'third time? And being pat, it was decided in
the affirmative.
Mr. VINTON moved that the vote be reconsid-
ered by which was passed yesterday the bill from
the Senate entitled " An act to grant to the State
of Illinois a right of way through the public lands
of the United States, and for other purposes;" the
consideration of which motion was postponed for
the present.
On motion of Mr. CABELL, it,was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the files
of the House the memorial of citizens of Jackson county,
for release of judgment m favoriot the United States vs. the
estate of Charles "Matthews and Isaac L. Battle, deceased.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved to proceed to the
business on the Speaker's table, and to continue
thereupon_until the House adjourn to-day.
The SPEAKER. The motion is in order; the
latter part of it, however, would require a vote of
two-thirds for its adoption.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I strike out the latter
.part, then.
LAND TITLES IN ARKANSAS..
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, appealed to Mr.
Wentworth to waive his motion for a moment,
to enable him to ask the indulgence of the House
to discharge the Committee of the Whole 'on the
state of the Union from the consideration of the
bill to settle the titles to certain tracts of land in the
State of Arkansas, in order to put it upon its pas-
sage. ~
Mr. WENTWORTH. I pledge myselfto my
friend from Arkansas to withdraw my motion if
he will not help to adjourn the House, but would
help stay and do the-public business.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will help.to do it according
to the rules and resolutions that have b^en adopted
by the House.
Mr. JOHNSON'S motion was received, and
having been agreed to—
The rules were suspended, and the bill was
brought before the House. The question beingon
its engrossment—
Mr. JOHNSON moved the previous question;,
which was seconded, and the main questio'n or-
dered and agreed to. *
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. ,
Mr. ASHMUN objected to its third ^reading at
this time.
The bill accordingly took its place on ;the
Speaker's table.
THE SPEAKER'S TABLE.
The question recurring on the motion of Mr.
WENTWORTH, was taken and agreed to.
So the House proeeeded^o the consideration of
business on the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER laid before the House sundry
communications, as follows:
I. A report from the Secretary of the Treasury
on the warehousing system; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
II. A letter from the Postmaster General, trans-
mitting the report ofthe disbursing agent of the
Post Office Department, exhibiting in detail the re-
ceipts and expenditures of that department during
the calendar year 1848; which letter and report
were laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
The House proceeded to the consideration of
the joint resolution directing that the Government
of Russia be supplied with certain volumes of the
Narrative of the Exploring Expedition, in lieu of
those lost at sea, and the amendments of the Sen-
ate thereto.
The said amendments were read and agreed to.
Ordered, That the Clerk acquaint the Senate therewith.
Bills and a joint resolution from the Senate of
the following titles:
An act to continue the light at Sand's Point, on
Long Island;
An act for changing the location of the land
office in the Chippewa land district, and establish-
ing an additional land district in the State of Wis-
consin;
An act to amend an act entitled " An act for au-
thenticating certain lands," approved February
22,1849; '
A resolution (No. 56) authorizing the Secretary
of War to furnjsh arms and ammunition to per-
sons emigrating to the Territories of Oregon, Cali-
fornia, and New Mexico;
An act to provide for the final settlement of the
accounts of Abraham Edwards, register of the land
office at Kalamazoo, Michigan;
An act to provide for the final settlement of the
accounts of Thomas C. Sheldon, late receiver of
public moneys at Kalamazoo, Michigan;
Were severally read the third time and passed, and
returned to the Senate.
Senate bills entitled—
An act for the relief of A. H. Cole;
An act for the relief of Eugene Van Ness and
John M. Brush, executors of Nehemiah Brush;
An act for the relief of John Crawford; ;
An act for the relief bf William Greer;
An act for the relief of'the heirs and legal rep-
resentatives of Joseph McAffee, deceased;
