1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
617
An act for the relief of Manuel X. Harmony;
An act for the relief of John M. Mcintosh;
An act authorizing the renewal of a patent for
the benefit of the widow and heirs-at-law of Tim-
othy P. Anderson, deceased;.
An act to authorize the allowance of compensa-
tion to the registers and receivers of the several
land offices of the United States for locating mili-
tary land warrants, Choctaw land scrip, and for
other purposes;
Also, respecting the bounty land and extra pay
allowed to the " substitutes" of men enlisted for
the Mexican war;
were severally read twice, and appropriately re-
ferred.
Subsequently, Mr. HALL, of Missouri, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill from the
Senate entitled " An act for the relief of Manuel
X. Harmony" was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and^he further moved to lay that
motion on the table; which latter "motion was
©greed to.
PAY DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY.
The bill from the Senate relating to the pay de-
partment of the army coming up on its first and
second reading—
Mr. BUR.T asked that it be put on its engross-
ment.
Mr. HALL, of New York, moved that it be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
-of the Union.
Mr. BURT hoped, he said, that that motion'
would not be agreed to. This was the identical
bill to which he had so often, but so unsuccess-
fully, called the attention of the House. A similar
bill had been reported from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs of this House., They believed it to
be indispensable to the service of the army, and it
was so regarded by the Senate. He was unwill-
ing, at this late day, to take up any of the time of
the House in making- remarks, and he would not
do it unless some gentleman should require inform-
ation or explanation as to the provisions of the bill.
Otherwise, he would not say a word about it.
Mr. COLLAMER desired to inquire of the gen-
tleman from South Carolina [Mr. Burt] whether
this was the same bill which had been reported by
the Committee on Military Affairs of the House?
Mr. BURT said, in reply, that he believed it to
be identically the same bill in every line and word.
He hoped that there would be no objection to
putting it on its passage.
The SPEAKER said, a motion had been made
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Hall,]
to commit the bill to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. The question now was
on that motion.
Mr. BURT hoped, lie said, that the House
would vote it down.
And the question having been taken, and de-
cided in the negative, the bitl was not referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The question then recurring on the third read-
ins:—
"Mr. BURT asked the previous question.
, There was a second. And the main question
was ordered, and having been taken, the bill was
read a third time.
And the question being on its passage—
The yeas and nays were asked, and refused.
And then the bill was passed.
Mr. BURT moved a reconsideration of the vote,
and that that motion be laid on the table.
No objection having been made, it was ordered
accordingly.
TERRITORY OP MINESOTA.
The bill to establish the Territorial Government
of Minesota coming up in its order, and the ques-
tion being on its passage—-
Mr. SIBLEY expressing his sense of the im-
portance of the bill, and his unwillingness at this
late hour to detain the House with any remarks,
moved the previous question.
There was a second; the mafn question was
ordered, and tbe bill was passed.
Mr. SIBLEY moved a reconsideration of the j
vote, and that that motion be laid on the table. |
No objection having been made, it was ordered j
accordingly. j
THE PRANKING PKIV1LEGE. j
The bill to abolish the franking privilege came ,
up in its order. '
The pending question was on the motion here-
tofore made by Mr. Collamer, that the bill be
laid on the table.
Mr. COLLAMER, on further reflection, he said,
being reminded that the House at the last session,
passed a bill in relation to the thirty miles, and
that that bill was now pending before the Senate,
withdrew his motion to lay the bill on the table.
The question then recurred on the engrossment
of the bill.
Mr. WENTWORTH demanded the previous
question.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, moved that the bill be
laid on the table.
Mr. DIXON asked the yeas and nays, but with-
drew the motion,
The question was taken, and the House decided
that the bill should not be laid on the table.
The question recurring on the engrossment—
Mr. KAUFMAN called for the reading of the
bill, and it was read through.
Mr. ASHMUN suggested that there was an
amendment pending, and that the question was first
on that amendment, and then on the engrossment.
The SPEAKER said, there was no record to
that effect.
Mr. ASHMUN. The gentleman from Connect-
icut [Mr. Dixon] moved an amendment to his
own bill. •
Mr. WHITE desired to inquire of the Chair
what would become of the vested right of Mrs.
Madison, Mrs. Harrison, and Mrs. J. CI. Adams,,
if this bill was passed ?
If any reply was made to this inquiry, it was not
heard by the reporter.
The SPEAKER said, he desired to understand
what the precise state of the question was; and he
requested the gentleman from Connecticut to state
what his understanding of it was.
Mr. DIXON explained that he had offered an
amendment, and that the pending question was
on that amendment.
The question was so stated to the House.
And the question having been taken, the amend-
ment was rejected.
The question recurring on the engrossment of
the bill—
Mr. DIXON demanded the previous question.
The hill was again read.
Mr. VAN DYKE moved that the bill be laid
on the table, and asked the yeas and nays; which
were ordered, and, being taken, were—yeas 103,
nays 68.
So the bill was laid on the table.
THE BOUNDARY LINE.
The Senate bill (No. 343) to provide for carry-
ing- into effect the fifth article of the treaty between
the United States and the Mexican Republic for ;
establishing a boundary line Between them, next j
came up. ' t 1
Mr. SMITH, of Connecticut, under the direc- I
tion of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, moved ;
a substitute for the bill, as follows: j
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and in- !
sert the following: j
That the commissioner and purveyor to be appointed oil i
the part of tiie Umtod State*, for the purpose of designating (
the boundary line and establishing on the ground hmdmaiks j
to show the limits of the United State-* and the Mexican [
Republic, according to the filth at tide of the treaty between j
them, concluded on the second day of fVbiuary, one thou- ;
sand eight handled and forty-ei«ht, shall be selected and up- !
pointed by tne Pi evident of the United States fiom the Corps <
of Topogidphieai ennmeeu-. And it shall be lawful for tnc j
President to cause othoi officers ot said corp?, at his di&cre- ]
tion, to he employed to aid and a«siKt tn designating said line \
and establishing viiri landmarks. And the said commisMon- ;
er maj employ "a secietarv, who >hi\IJ be allowed and paid a j
salaty at the late of two thousand doliaisper annum* Pro-
vided, That said appointment shall terminate at the expna-
tion of three years fiom the time said commissioner shall ;
enter upon the pertoimance of his duties
Skc. '2. Jjnd he it fvrtiier enacted, That the President of ,
the United States is hereby authorized to make, out of any
appropriation for said s<-i vice, snob per diem allowance to
oriieer^ engaged on this duty as shall, m las judgment, be j
necessary to cover extra expemes. ,
Sec. 3" And be it further enacted, That in order to expe- 1
elite the suivey o! said boundary, it shall he lawful for the ,
President to employ pai ties on different'parts ot the hound- j
arvatthe same nine, the surveys of which parties being
.ippioved by the commissioners under the treaty, shall he j
received and treated as surveys of said boundary. •- ,
He said he supposed it would be the privilege of •
his friend from Michigan [Mr. McClelland] to
move an amendment to the original bill for the ;
purpose of perfecting it. ^ j
The SPEAKER said, that a motion to amend the j
bill would take precedence of the substitute. i
Mr. McCLELLAND moved to add the foll6w-
ing sections to the bill, which, he remarked, were
a part of the proposed substitute, and which left
; the bill as it was with regard to the commissioner
j surveyor, and secretary.
j Sec. 3. Jind be itjurther enacted, That it sliall be lawful
; for the President to cause other officers of the Corps of
I Topographical Engineers, at his discretion, to be employed
. to aid and assist m designating said line, and establishing
| &aid landmarks.
; Sec 4. .find be it further enacted. That the President of
: the United States h hereby authorized to make, out of any
[ appropriation for said service, such per diem allowance to
; the officers of paid eorps engaged on this duty as slmU, in
j his judgment, he necessary to cover extra expenses.
; Sec. 5. Jlnd be it jurther enacted, That, in ordei to expe-
; dite tiie survey of said boundaiy, it shall be lawful for the
: President to employ parties on different parts of the bound-
1 ary at the same time, the surveys of which parties, being
j approved by the commissioners under the treaty, shall be
! received and treated as survejs of said boundary.
| Mr. SMITH said the amendment of his friend
j from Michigan was, in his judgment, entirely
; proper, provided the original bill was to stand,
j Mr. WHITE inquired what would be the effect
! of the previous question—whether it would cut off
the substitute?
The SPEAKER replied that it would not.
Mr. WHITE. I move the previous question,
then.
Mr. SMITH, Mr. SCHENCK, and others, ex-
pressed the hope that the gentleman would not in-
s sist upon the previous question, the latter saying
i| that he hoped the gentleman from New York
n would not prevent an amendment from being
' offered.
j Mr. WHITE. It does not cut off the substi-
j tute of the gentleman from Connecticut,
i Mr. SMITH. I know tl>at. I have no idea of
j making an argument, but I wish to say a few
j words.
! Mr. WHITE withdrew the previous question.
I Mr. SCHENCK said he would move an amend-
ment to the original bill.
The SPEAKER. No other amendment is in
order to the bill-until that of the gentleman from
Michigan is disposed of. The gentleman may
move to amend that amendment.
Mr. McCLELLAND said, when the Committee
on Foreign Affairs had this subject under consid-'
eration, they considered it nccessary, even if the
bill was passed m the original form in which it
came from the Senate, that the provision which he
had moved should be attached. When it was
attached, the question would arise, whether, the
House would adopt the original bill, as amended-,
or the substitute.
The question was taken, and the amendment of
Mr. McClellakd was agreed to.
„ Mr. SCHENCK moved tlje following amend-
ment:
Provided, That no part of the money appropriated by this
act, or by any previous act of Congress, shall be used to pay
the salaiy of any commissioner or sui veyor, or other officer
orpeison to adjust the boundary line between the United
States and Mexico, when the appointment of such commis-
sioner or surveyor, or other officer or person, was made
without authority of law.
He said, he did not suppose he should be able to
attract the attention of,the House, at this time, to
this amendment. He did not know how far the
House of Representatives of the United States, or
the Congress of the United States, were disposed
to stand upon the rights of the legislative depart-
ment; but, for one, he meant, from time to time,
when occasion should arise, as it now did, to place
such questions before the House as should teet its
disposition to do so.
The amendment which he proposed was this:
that nothing in this hill should be construed to
authorize, nor, if any appropriations were made,
should it be used to pay a commissioner or sur-
veyor who had been appointed at any time here-
tofore without a law of the land authorizing such
appointment. By the late treaty with Mexico, (as
he had had occasion, under the five minutes rule,
to state the other day,)^in one of its sections, it
was provided that the Governments of the two
countries should each appoint a commissioner and.
surveyor, who should meet to run this line. When
that treaty was sent to this House, (as he had
quoted in direcfe terms from the message,) thePres-
identof theUnited States had called upon Congress
to pass a law to provide, not for the payment, but
for the appointment, of a commissioner and sur-
veyor, so that the treaty might be executed in that
respect. Now, not finding Congress acting imme-
diately upon his recommendation or request, it was
