1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
provided that within- a certain time the running of
the boundary should be cgmmenced, and within a
certain other time that the work should be com-
pleted; and there, in this supreme law of the land,
in the treaty made by this'Government, was the
limit fixed to the tenure of these offices.
But suppose it was not, and that Congress should
pass a law authorizing a commission to be ap-
pointed for the purpose of running the boundary:
that office would end when the work was per-
formed, and not before. And so it would be under
the treaty. But it was useless to waste the time
of the House.
Mr. SMITH, of Connecticut, said he was very
sorry that his friend from Ohio [Mr. Schenck]
should have anticipated discussion properly ari-
singomder the amendment which he (Mr. Smith)
had been instructed by the Committee on Foreign
Affairs to propose to this bill. The whole ques-
tion arose under that amendment. It was a ques-
tion of very great importance. He had for several
days been prepared to submit his views on the
subject to the Hou&e, and he regretted that its
consideration should have been postponed until so
late a day in the session. He regretted to be con-
strained to intrude himself upon the House at this
time, and he felt some degree of hesitation in rela-
tion to the propriety of entering into the discussion
stall. He was very apprehensive that he could
not get the ear of the House. But notwithstand-
ing the late hour of the session, he felt called upon
to submit a few remarks.
In the first place, he would call the"attention of
the House to one extraordinary fact. This bill,
providing for the creation of the office of com-
missioner and surveyor, passed the Senate at the
last session. It was sent to the House on the 11th
of August last, only three daysjoefore the adjourn-
ment of Congress, and at so late a period that it
was not possible it could be taken up. Of course
it went to the Committee on Foreign Affairs at the
commencement of the present session. On the
17th of January last, he reported the bill. In the
mean time, what had been done? The President
and Senate, in contempt of the rights of the House,
in contempt of the Constitution and laws of the
TJnited States, had arrogated the power of appoint-
ing a commissioner and surveyor, without right'
and without law, but in direct violation of all law,
and in contempt of the authority of this House.
Had it come to this, when the President himself
had declared that a law was necessary for the pur-
pose, as appeared from a document from which he
(Mr. S.) would read? [Mr. S. then read from the
message of the President an extract setting forth
that it would be necessary to provide by law for the
appointment of commissioner and surveyor, &c.
The reporter has none of the extracts except one
read by Mr. S.]
The President and Senate (Mr. S. continued) said
the same thing. They passed this bill and sent it
to the House, and before the House came to act
upon it, they arrogated the power of appointing a
commissioner and surveyor without law, and in
direct violation of all law. MorQ than that—as
appeared from an article which he held in his hand,
and which he would send to the Clerk's table to
be read—a great number of other officers had been
appointed.
Mr. S. sect to the Clerk's table a newspaper
containing the following paragraph, which was
read: . .
"Mexican Boundary Commission.—'The Cincinnati
Times oflast Saturday evening says:
« < Colonel J. B. Welier, the Mexican boundary line com-
< missioner, and suite, lolt this city yesterday for New Or-
* leans, on the eteaincr Daniel Webster, en route for the field
<of their operations. The party con&i-ts of Lieutenant
4Colonel Emory, topographical engineer; x\Jr. Giay, of
1 Texas, surveyor; Dr. Chamberiin, of this city, surgeon;
( C. L. Welier, disbursing officer; Captain O'Donnell.com-
tmisf-ary; H. A. Robinson, >ecietary. They are to meet
'the Mexican'commission at San Diego, in May next,and
'then proceed to work.' "
Mr. SCHENCK (Mr. S. yielding the floor)
expressed his desire so to medify hits amendment
as to provide that no money should be paid to any
surveyor, engineer, or disbursing or other officei,
"without authority of law. These officers were not
even named ill the treaty. The President had
made them outright.
Mr. McCLELLAND was understood to say
that an engineer was provided for in one of the
amendments.
Mr. SMITH continued. He was understood to
say, that in relation to the corps of Topographical
Engineers, he supppose there was nothing illegal
in the conduct of the President. He had the right
to order the officers of that corps to any part of
the United States, and to direct them to perform
any duty which he might see fit. But here were
a number of civil officers created, as it was said.
Nothing was known specifically and with cer-
tainty on the subject. It was known that it had been
announced through the public prints that the Pres-
ident had nominated to the Senate a commissioner
and surveyor; and he (Mr. S.) found, on inquiry
from the officers of the Senate, that the President
had not nominated to the Senate, nor appointed by
1 the consent of the Senate, any other officers for
the performance of these duties. But the article
which had been read, and common rumor, de-
clared that the President ha'd arrogated to himself
the appointment of a numbef of civil officers with-,
out even the knowledge or consent of the Senate.
Mr. STANTON (by leave of Mr. S.)_ referred
to the article of the treaty which provided for the
appointment of commissioner and surveyor to run
the boundary line, &c., and remarked that it was
not possible for the President to carry out that part
of the treaty incumbent on this Government with-
out the appointment of other officers beyond a mere
commissioner and surveyor.
Mr. SMITH continued. It was a pretty ex-
traordinary derivation of power for the President
to appoint, in addition to a commissioner and sur-
veyor, a large corps of civil officers, without the
consent e^ven of the Senate, and in the face of this
House. Mr. S. replied to the argument of Mr.
Stanton in regard to the necessity of these ap-
pointments. There never had been a violation of
the Constitution and laws of the land which had
not been based on that same plea of necessity.
The bill which had passed die Senate determined
■tfhat the officers should be, and how many; that
there should be a commissioner and surveyor, and
a secretary, who was not called for by the treaty;
and that he should have a salary of $2,000.
Mr. S. proceeded to remark that other officers
had been appointed, at what salary no human
being knew. Rumor said that the President had
made a treaty with Colonel Weller, £\nd that his
compensation was to be five thousand dollars,
whereas the bill of the Senate provided that it
should be §3,000; that the salary of the surveyor
should be $2,000, and the salary of the secretary
$2,000"per annum. He would like to know what
his High Mightiness had done in relation to the
salary of the secretary. How came the President
to appoint that officer without the assent of the
Senate ? He had appointed not only a commis-
sioned and surveyor, but half a dozen other offi-
cers.
Mr. STANTON interrupted further, and the
floor being yielded, he asked the gentleman from
Connecticut, [Mr. Smith,] and those who agreed
with him, what was to be done, when the treaty,
which, by the Constitution, is made the supreme
law of the land, and which requires a commissioner
| and surveyors to be appointed, when this House
| refuses to provide for their pay ?
Mr. SMITH replied,1 that this and the other
House of Congress had the right to break the trea-
ty to say whether it shall be carried out or not.
But he would go a little further into this matter.
Private letters had come in here, telling of another
section of the treaty, another document, giving
authority to the Government of the United States
for the appointment of another commissioner for
the adjudication of the Mexican claims. Hewanted
to know of the gentleman, whether the President
and Senate had the power to set up this commis-
sion without a law of Congress ?
Mr. STANTON. I have no doubt of it; for the
treaty is the supreme law of the land, if Congress
does its duty in the matter.
Mr. SMITH. And there is another provision
of the treaty requiring this Government to pay
twelve millions of dollars: can the President do
that without the authority of law ?
Mr. STANTON. No, sir. He cannot get the
money without a regular appropriation.
Mr. SMITH. Without the sanction of Con-
] gress, then, all the stipulations of the treaty are not
| the supreme law of the land.
! Mr. SCHENCK interrupted here, with a state-
i ment that, by the sixteenth article of the treaty,
j-each of the contracting parties may build fortifica-
i tions in certain situations: could the President build
I without law i
Mr. STANTON was about to reply; but—;
Mr. SMITH continued. There was no st eh
broad doctrine as the gentleman contetl0ed for,
that every stipulation in the treaty, of every sort,
is the supreme law of the land: there was no
such doctrine as that. There were two starts of
stipulations embraced in every treaty—thosewhicii
furnish a rule of conduct for the Government, and
those which furnish a rule of conduct for individ-
uals. Stipulations furnishing a rule of conduct for
the Government were never the supreme law of
the land; but those furnishing a rule of conduct for
individuals, they were the supreme law of the land.
Stipulations regulating the rights of property and
the conduct of individuals were to be regarded as,
the supreme law; while that other class of stipula-
tions, imposing obligations upon the Government^
never could be so regarded till Congress should
agree to carry them out. There was in this treaty
a variety of stipulations; but those which merely .
imposed an obligation upon the Government were
not the law of the land per se. -
There was a provision of the Constitution which
he would read in this place: and he read as fol-
lows : The Constitution says—
"This Constitution, and the laws of the United States
which shall be made in pursuance thereof, and ail treaties
made, or which shall be made, under the authority of the
United State?, shall be the supreme law of the land; and the
judges in ( very State shall be bound thereby, anything in ~
the constitution or laws of any State to the contrary not-
withstanding."
He desired to remark, upon this provision of the
Constitution, that it was intended to establish the
supreme law of the land, in the Constitution, laws,
an3 treaties of the United States, over the consti-
tutions and laws of the several States, respectively.
"The Constitution" of the United States was here
declared to be the supreme law with reference to
the State constitutions and laws. The declara-
tion that " the laws" of the United States shall be
supieme, did not have reference to the several de-
partments of the General Government; they were
not supreme, so far as the Executive, the Legisla-
tive, and Judiciary departments of the Government
were concerned; but they were the supreme law
with reference to States and individuals. So it was
with treaties with foreign governments. There-
fore, this clause of the Constitution meant nothing"
more than that the Constitution, laws, and treaties
of the United States shall be supreme with refer-
ence to the constitutions and laws of the respective
States.
Mr. KAUFMAN interposed the inquiry wheth-
er Congress, at the last session, did not place fifty
thousand dollars at the disposal of the President,
•to cariy out this provision of the treaty?
Mr. .SMITH said he would come to that point •
before long. This provision of the Constitution,
(he continued,) upon which gentlemen relied for
the authority upon which the President had pro-
ceeded, only asserted the treaty to be the supreme
law of the land with respect to the respective
States of the Union. He admitted the authority
of the treaty, as regulating the rights of individuals
and the States; but so far as it imposed an obliga-
tion upon this Government, he dented that it was
the supreme law till it was confirmed by Con-
gress.
Mr. EDWARDS interrupted, to ask the gentle-
man from Connecticut whether the President had
not appointed a secretary to accompany this expe-
dition ?
Mr. SMITH replied affirmatively.
Mr. EDWARDS then suggested a difficulty.
He could not perceive how the appointment of the
gentleman who was the secretary of this commis-
sion could have been sanctioned by the Senate; for
he was the same individual who, three or four
years ago, was excluded from the Chamber of the
Senate for lying.
Mr. SMITH said that individual was appointed
by the President, without the knowledge or consent
of the Senate.
He had already remarked, that the President,
when he communicated this treaty to the Senate
and House of Representatives, took exactly the
same view of the case which he now took. The
President then said it was necessary that provision
should be made by law for the appointment of this
commissioner and a surveyor; and the Senate had
declared the same thing when it passed this bill.
He affirmed also, that this was the construction
which had been given to every treaty of limits
which had ever been entered into by the Govern-
