■mi
THE CONGRESSIONAL - GLOBE.
March 1„
Mr. ASHMUN moved to reconsider this vote;
and oh his motion this motion was laid on the table.
T^he question recurring on the adoption of the
substitute of the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
was taken, and decided in the-affirmative.
-So the substitute was adopted.
.Mr. WENT WORTH moved to reconsider the
vote, and tcs lay that motion on the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
The amendment was then ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to ,be read a third time.
Mr. KAUFMAN inquired if the bill could be
- read a third time to-day ? - .
The SPEAKER. No, unless the amendment
is engrossed. The Chair understands, however,
that-the amendment is engrossed.
The bill was read a third time.
• And the question being on its passage—
Mr. ASHMUN moved the previous question.
_' The previous question was seconded; and, under
its operation, the bill was passed.
Mr. ASHMUN moved to reconsider the vote
on the passage, and to lay that motion on the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, moved that the House
adjourn, and asked the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, and the
House refused to adjourn.
Mr. LEVIN moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, for the consideration of the Mexican
indemnity bill.
Mr. KAUFMAN inquired, in case the House
went into committee, whether the bill to establish
the territorial government of New Mexico, being
the special order, would not be the first business
in order?
The SPEAKER'S reply was not heard.
Mr. WENT WORTH inquired, in case the
House did not go into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, if the business on the
Speaker's table was not in order?
The SPEAKER "replied that they were now
engaged with business upon the Speaker's table.
That business was still in order, unless the House
proceeded to other business.
Mr. HENLEY wished the Speaker to state
what the first business was in committee?
The SPEAKER was understood to say the bill
to establish the territorial government of New
Mexico.
The question was then taken, and the vote
stood—yeas 60, nays 68.
So the House refused to go into committee.
CL6SE OF TERRITORIAL DEBATE.
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, moved the usual reso-
lution to terminate debate upon the bill to establish"
the territorial government of New Mexico in
twenty minutes after it should again have been
taken up in committee.
Pending the question, Mr. ASHMUN moved
that when the Ilouse adjourns, it adjourn to meet
to-morrow at ten o'clock. Rejected.
• The question recurring on the adoption of Mr.
Smith's resolution—
Mr. KAUFMAN asked the yeas and nays;
which were not ordered.
, The question-was taken, and the vote stood—
ayes,41, noes 64. (No quorum.)
.Mr; KING, of Georgia, moved that the House
adjourn. Rejected.
Mr. BURT said it was very obvious that there
was not near a quorum of members present. There
•were very few on this side of the House. He now
moved—and if it was the purpose of the House
to proceed with business, he hoped they would
sustain the motion—a call of the House. He de-
sired to adjourn; but if they were to sit here, he
desired that they should have a quorum.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama. I hope ncrt.
My friend from South Carolina knows that this
evening is the last levee of the President I have
no doubt that many gentlemen have gone there;
They are not here; you cannot get them here by
a call of the House.
Mr. BURT. I understand that this is not only
the last levee the President would hold, but that
the President elect is to be there also. Gentlemen
on both sides of the House wish to attend. I wish
to go; but if I cannot go myself, I do not wish any-
body else togo. [A laugh.J 1 move that there'be
a call of the House.
The question was taken upon the motion of Mr.
Bbkt, and no quorum voted.
Mr. VINTON said, there were now, he believed,
but two days left in which bills could be passed
and sent to the President. There were some $20,-
000,000 yet of appropriation bills' to come before
the House. The Indian appropriation bill was lying
in committee, blocked by this New Mexico bill.
There was some million and a half of dollars in-
volved in this bill. He had risen to suggest that,
by common consent, they go into committee, and
take up the amendments of the Senate to the In-
dian appropriation bill. . •
The SPEAKER said the Chair was obliged to
state to the gentleman from Ohio that the last two
votes showed that there was no quorum present.
There must be a quorum on the record before the
House could proceed to business.
Mr. WHITE said he would move that the
House adjourn, and called for tellers on the motion,
to ascertain whether there was a quorum present.
Mr. KAUFMAN rose (he said) to a privileged
question.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentleman
from New York is a privileged question, and has
-precedence over all others.
Mr. KAUFMAN. I wish to move that when
the House adjourns, it adjourn to meet to-morrow-
morning at ten o'clock.
The SPEAKER. That motion has already been
negatived.
Mr. VINTON said that motion, instead of ad-
vancing the business of the House, would retard it.
When the civil and diplomatic bill came back from
the Senate, there were various important amend-
ments which it would be impossible for the Com-*
mittee of Ways and Means to act upon, if the
House met at ten o'clock and sat here all day and
evening, as* they would do during the remaining
days of the session.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, wished to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio if he supposed, in case they took
up the Indian appropriation bill, with the very
large appropriation which it contained, that it could
be passed to-night with*so thin an attendance?
Mr. VINTON. I want to do so.
Mr. COBB. The gentleman from Ohio will
find himself sustained on this side of the House in
every effort he makes to act upon the gerteral ap-
propriation bills. He has been, and he will be
sustained upon this side of the House. But so
heavy an appropriation ought not to be acted upon
with so few members present. The reason that
exists will not exist to-morrow night, or any
other night during the session. He therefore
thought that the House had better adjourn, and
return here to-morrow, when they on this side of
the House would sustain the gentleman in carry-
ing through his appropriation bills. He hoped,
therefore, that the motion to adjourn would be ac-
quiesced in, and to-morrow they would take up
the general appropriation bills, which, under the
rule, had precedence of all other business, if they
did not, they would suspend the rules.
Mr. VINTON inquired ifitwas in order to move
to discharge the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union from the further consideiation
of the New Mexico bill ? If- so, he proposed that
the committee be discharged, and that they vote
upon it in the House to-morrow.
The SPEAKER replied that it was not in order,
except by the unanimous consent, or by a sus-
pension of the rules. ,
Mr. VINTON asked the unanimous consent that
the committee be discharged, and they would vote
upon it to-morrow.
Mr. COBB said that bill was not in the way of
the general appropriation bills. Did not the rule
give the precedence to these bills over all others?
Mr. VINTON replied that when this order was
passed making the territorial bills the special order,
he had inquired of the Chair whether they would
override the appropriation bills, and he had under-
stood the Speaker to reply that they would. He
had, then, moved an amendment to except the ap- I
propriation bills, and that amendment had been I
voted down. j
Mr. COBB said, upon the ground that it was
wholly unnecessary. He..himselfhad voted against
the amendment on that ground. He would sustain
the gentleman, and he thought he might speak for
this side of the House; they would sustain him in
taking up the general appropriation bills, above all
others.
Mr. VINTON. The House, I supposed, voted
in reference to the decision of the Speaker.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman from Ohio-
had mistaken the Chair. He had not'expressed
any opinipn to that effect; on the contrary, the
Chair had always maintained that the rule of the
House which provided that the general appropri-
ation bills should have preference over all others,
"Would prevail with reference to the amendments
returned from the Senate to these bills, as well as
to the bills themselves upon their first considera-
tion.
Mr. VINTON. That being the case, I give
notice that when we go into Committee of the
Whole on thestete of the Union to-morrow morn-
ing, I shall move to take up the Indian appropri-
ation bill.
[Cries of "Agreed, agreed."]
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. White, and having been agreed to—
The House, at twelve minutes to nine o'clock,
adjourned.
PETITIONS.
The following petitions were presented under the rule,
and referred:
By Mr. PALFREY: The petition of Sarah Beans and 77
others, of Pennsylvania, praying Congress to take measures
tor effecting such changes in the Constitution and laws, as
shall abolisii slavery throughout the Union.
By Mr. MANN, ol Massachusetts: The petition of .Simon
M. Dixon and 64 others, citizens of the counties of Chatham
and Orange, in the State of North Carolina, praying Con-
gress to prohibit the introduction of slavery into the Terri-
tories of tile United States.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 1, 1849.
The VICE PRESIDENT announced his inten-
tion to retire finally from the duties of the chair
to-morrow, after the transaction of the morning
business.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, exhibiting the payments for miscellaneous ;
claims not otherwise provided for, and expendi-
tures for the relief of disabled seamen from the
marine hospital fund; which was read and ordered
to lie on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Secretary of War, in
reply to a resolution of the Senate of the 8th of
August last, calling for a map from the reconnois-
sance and surveys of the Topographical Engineers
in Texas.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. WESTCOTT presented the credentials of
the Hon. Jackson Morton, elected a Senator of
the United States from the State of Florida, for the
term of six yearS from the 4th of March instant; '
which were read and laid on the table.
RESOLUTIONS OF STATE LEGISLATURES. "
Mr. BADGER presented resolutions adopted by
the Legislatuie of the State of North Carolina,
declaring the enactments of any law of Congress
prohibiting slavery or the stave trade in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, or to deprive citizens of the Uni-
ted States of the right of carrying their slaves into
the Territories, to be a usurpation of power, &c.;
which were read, laid on the table, and ordered to
be pVinted.
Mr. GREENE presented resolutions adopted
by the General Assembly of the State of Rhode
Island, instructing their Senators, &c., to vote in
favor of the establishment of a government in Cal-
ifornia and New Mexico, and the exclusion of sla-
very therefrom; of a law to protect the people
between the Nueces and the Rio Grande against .-
the claims of Texas, and for the abolition of sla-
very in the District of Columbia; which were read,
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
FLOGGING IN THE NAVY.
Mr. GREENE also presented a resolution passed
by the Legislature of the State of Rhode Island, in
favor of aoolishing the spirit ration and corporal
punishment in the naval service.
In presenting these resolutions Mr. GREENE
said: I ask the indulgence of the Senate for a mo- ,
ment, because I have voted on one of the questions
presented to the Senate by the paper which has
just been read, and the vote which I have given
may possibly lead to erroneousirnpressions in ref-
erence to my views on the subject to which it re-
lates; I am in favdr, sir, of abrogating the pun-
ishmentof the lash in the navy of the United States,
