THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED
AND PUBLISHED AT THE. CITY OF WASHINGTON,
BY BLAIR &
RIVES.
30th Congress,
2d Session. FRIDAY, MARCH 2, 1849.
New Series
....No. 40.
but I am in favor of that, as I am in favor of all other
legislation—only at the proper time, in the proper
place, and in a proper manner. The proposition
on this subject came before theSenate as an amend-
ment to the bill making appropriations for the civil
and diplomatic expenses of the Government—a
bill which must be passed or the wheels of the
Government would be stopped. That of itself
would have been a sufficient reason with t*e for
voting against embarrassing that bill with such a
proposition.
But, sir, this was not the only reason why I gave
that vote. I trust I am as much a friend of human-
ity as those gentlemen who voted, conscientiously
no doubt, for the proposed amendment; but I am
not in favor of abolishing the punishment of the
lash until we provide for it some sufficient substi-
tute, or until we have made some investigation,
and have had some report, or some authentic state-
ment of facts upon which we can act advisedly.
The law which now exists in relation to the pun-
ishment of offences in the navy is not a new one.
It has stood on our statute book for the last fifty
years. It is a part of a code and of a system, and
it regulates the extent of punishment which shall
be inflicted. It limits the power of the command-
ins: officer in t'ie infliction of this punishment to
twelve lashes, and it restricts the exercise of it to
the commanding officer alone, unless under the
sentence of a court martial, under which sentence
it confines the number of lashes to one hundred.
Such is the law which the proposition before the
Senate was designed to repeal, while it provided
no substitute in its place. The effect of this would
. be to leave that which is now a fixed and settled I
rule of punishment—a punishment regulated by I
law—to the mere arbitrary discretion of officers, '
with power to inflict such as they may think proper
to order.
In legislating on this subject, sir, there are vari-
ous other considerations that should influence our
judgments. We must look at the constitution of
the navy itself. I mean, to the kind of persons of
whom it is composed. Sir, We are not legislating
for our commercial marine, nor for the men who
man our merchant ships—men who enter on board
those'ships/not as ordinary sailors for life, but
looking to advancement, aiming to become masters
and owners of ships themselves, and from among
whom have been formed some of our most accom-
plished shipmasters and respectable merchants.
Sir, this legislation is for a class of men three-fourths
of whom are foreigners, uneducated, and unac-
quainted with our laws and our habits. Sir, if we
abolish the punishment which has so long existed
in the navy without providing for it some adequate
substitute, we shall expose ourselves to the most
dangerous consequcnces, and we shall leave it in
the power of the officers to inflict in stead more
cruel and equally degrading punishments. We
have abolished the use of the lash in the army,
and what has been the consequence ? I have it
from the best authority that the men are punished
now by the chain and ball, by suspension by the
thumbs, and by what is called " the gag." There
are other similar punishments too in use in the
army, the names of which I do not recollect, but
which are certainly as degrading as any punish-
ments that human beings can be subjected to. I
reiterate, sir, that if you abolish the punishment of
the lash, without providing for it a substitute, you
leave it in the power of those who now inflict this
punishment to substitute either or all of those which
I have named.
Would the Senate consent to this? I will not
undertake to argue the point. I leave every one
to determine it for himself. But, sir, I will say
that 1 am not willing to substitute for a punishment
which has so long prevailed in the navy, and which
is regulated by law, the uncertain and arbitrary
caprice of the persons who must inflict some pun-
ishment, in order to preserve the necessary disci-
pline of the service. There is no position in which
men can be placed in which it is so important to
preserve a strict discipline as on board a ship. It
cannot be expected that a ship's crcw can be gov-
erned and controlled by argument, or by what is
40
called "moral suasion." It will not do when a
ship is on a lee shore, when an order is given to
reef a topsail or to let go a sheet, to stop to argue
wjth those whose obedience, to be effective, must
be prompt and implicit.- Punishment must follow
disobedience, or tne safety of our ships and their
crews can never be secured.
I will not longer trespass on the time of the
Senate at this period of the session. I have though
it proper to set myself right on this matter; and, in
conclusion, I will add, that I shall be happy at all
times to give my cooperation, on a proper and
deliberate consideration of the subject, to those
Senators who desire a change, and desirous of
promoting the cause of humanity in any manner
as shall at the same time preserve and secure the
discipline which is indispensable to the efficiency
of our navy.
The resolution was read, laid on the table, and
ordeied to be printed.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a joint resolution respecting the
claims of A. S. & A. N. Benson; which was read
atfirst time.
On motion of Mr. YULEE, the joint resolution
was now considered, and, after brief explanation,
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
The joint resolution was afterwards read a third
time and passed.
Mr. D1X, from the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, reported House bill for the settlement of the
claims of New Hampshire against the United
States, without amendment.
On motion of Mr. D1X, tlje Senate proceeded to
consider this bill; and it was then ordered to a
third reading. It was subsequently read a third
time and passed.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on the Li-
brary, reported House joint resolution authorizing
the distribution of the "American Archives," un-
der the direction of the Joint Committee on the
Library, to literary institutions in the several States
and Territories, with amendments.
The amendments were then considered and
agreed to, and the joint resolution as amended was
read a third time and passed.
PAYMENT FOR LOST HORSES.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, to which was referred the
bill from the House further to continue in force the
acts for the payment of horses and other property
lost in the military service of the United States,
reported back the same with an amendment, pro-
posing to strike out all after the enacting clause,
and toinsertin lieu thereof a new bill, which makes
general provision for the payment of all horses,
mules, oxen, wagons, carts, boats, &c>, that may
have been lost in the military service of the United
States without any fault or negligence on the part
of their owners, &c.
Mr. TURNEY moved a further amendment,
consisting of an additional section, which provides,
in effect, that in all cases where horses shall have
been condemned by a board of officers, on account
of their unfitness for service, in conscquencc of the
Government failing to supply forage, such horses
and their equipage shall be allowed and paid for
where the facts shall be proved by legal and satis-
factory evidence.
These amendments were concurred in, and the
bill was reported to the Senate and the amendments
ordered to be engrossed; and the bill was subse-
quently read a third time, by unanimous consent,
and passed.
Mr. DAYIS, of Mississippi, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, to whom was referred the me-
morial of the commissioned officers of the third
artillery asking that the non-commissioned oiii-
ceis, &c., should have certificates of merit, report-
ed favorably, in the form of an amendment to the
military appiopriation bill.
Mr. DAYIS, of Mississippi, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported a bill to amend an
act making provision for an additional number of
general officers, and for other purposes, passed 3d
Marcti, 1847; which was read a first time and or-
dered to a second reading.
On motion of Mr. ATHERTON, the Commit-
tee on Finance were discharged from the further
consideration of the bill to exempt Spanish vessels
from discriminating duties in certain cases; and it
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported, without amendment, a bill for the
relief of Piler Bruff, of the State of Alabama, and
for other purposes.
Mr. KING moved that the bill be now consid-
ered, and the motion having been agreed to, the
bill was considered as in Committee of the Whole,
and was reported and ordered to a third reading.
The bill was subsequently read a third time and
passed. . •
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported a joint resolution authorizing
an examination and payment to Susan Coody, a
Cherokee woman, and others, for property de-
stroyed by certain disorderly soldiers of the United
States forces stationed at Fort Gibson, in the night
of the 12th March, 1345; which was read a first
time.
On motion of Mr. ATt-JERTON, the Senate
proceeded to consider the joint resolution, and it
was ordered to a second reading. It was subse- •
"quentiy read a third time, and passed.
Mr. UPHAM, from the Committee on Claims,
reported House bill for the relief of Francis Vigo,
with a recommendation that the bill be indefinitely
postponed. The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committeeon Finance,
to whom was recommitted the bill requiring all •
moneys receivable from customs and from all other
scources to be paid immediately into the treasury
without abatement or deduction, and for other pur-
poses, reported the same with an amendment.
Mr. HUNTER moved that the Senate now con-
sider this bill; but objection being made, the mo-
tion did not prevail.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a resolution, to be attached as an
amendment to the army bill, appropriating §50,000
for the payment for secret services during the late
war with Mexico; which was read.
Mr. DICKINSON, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported a joint resolution for the
purpose of straightening the line between the lands
of the Naval Hospital at New York and of the
adjoining proprietors; which wa3 read a first time. *
"Mr. DICKINSON moved that the joint resolu-
tion be now amended; but objection being made,
the motion did not prevail.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Pensions,
reported, without amendment, the bill for the far-
ther relief of the widows and orphans of officers
and soldiers in the war with Mexico.
Mr. FELCH, frorft the Committee on Public
Lands,reported a bill to reduce the minimum price
of the mineral lands in the Lake Superior district
in Michigan, and in the Chippewa district in Wis-
consin: which was read a first time, and passed to
a second reading.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported the bill to provide for the
location and construction of a central national road
from the Pacific Ocean to the Mississippi river,
with a branch of said road to the Columbia river,
without amendment.
On motion of Mr. BORLAND, the Committee
on Public Lands were discharged from the further
consideration of a variety of matters referred to
that committee.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill to authorize the entry by
the State of Iowa of the land on which Fort Atkin-
son stood; which was read a first time.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, moved that the bit! be
now considered,and the motion having been agreed
to, the bill was considered and ordered to a third
reading, and was subsequently read a third time
nad passed
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, reported without amendment
a bill from the House—name not heard.
