THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
imperfect, and that, too, upon the very objection
brought against the amendment by my mend from
Kentucky, that it confers legislative powers upon
the departments. He seems to think that the
pyoposition which I make has that tendency. It
has -no such tendency whatever. I have proposed,
hi the amendment which I have offered that all
the doings of the Secretary of State and Postmaster
General—let the other department (the Home De-
partment) be struck out; 1 am not anxious that it
should be there—shall be reported to Congress at
the commencement of the next session. We shall
then have the whole matter in our hands to dispose
©f. If we please, we can then liroic the census to
the enumeration of the population alone; or, if we
see fit, we can extend it further, if it seems to us
desirable so to do. It will be a work of infinite
Ixhor to prepare even the columns for the different
classes of population, as they are arranged. The
dumber of these columns rs very great. I do not
know the exact number, but I believe there are
sonic hundreds to arrange for the population alone.
Kow, I want some person to sit down to this busi-
ness competent to the task—one that can do it
deliberately, and bestow upon it the necessary
labor, and thus secure correct returns. Gentlemen
gay we do not want this information. Very well;
you need not have it, if the Senate so decide. Why
might not the honorable gentleman from South
Carolina rise her% and say, with just as much pro-
priety, we want no information in regard to the
commerce of the country? Is not the commerce
of the interior of the country as important and
essential to all our great interests, as essential
to us in the course of legislation here, as the ex-
terior commerce of the country? Why not rise
here and say that it is unnecessary to know the
tonnage of the country? Why expend time and
labor to obtain that? And yet, I ask, is any
gentleman willing to dispense with the information
that is derived from that source? Whenever any-
thing is exported from the country, why is it that
entries are made at the custom-house, and jeturns
made here? Why is it? Because this informa-
tion is found to be constantly useful in the progress
of our legislation heie, and useful to the country
in a thousand ways. If we could arrive at the
facts of the case, it is as important to know how
many tons, and what kind, of produce, go down
the Mississippi river, as to know how many go
across the Atlantic. It is as important to the
country to know how many bushels of wheat are
raised m it, how many barrels of flour are manu-
factured in it, as it is to know how many bales of
cotton me carried across the Atlantic. And yet 1
think the Senator from South Carolina will not
b; prepared to deny that the information in this
respcct is as valuable and desirable to the country
as information in rrgaid to the number of bales of
cotton exported. It is just as desirable to know
how the internal commcree of the country is situ-
ated, and the amount of it, as it is to know the facts
concerning the external commerce—that which is
exported from the country. But I will not detain
the Senate by going into a discussion of that ques-
tion. It is unimportant. My amendment pro-
poses to bring the whole matter back here at the
next session—to bring a bill here for the Senate
and House of Representatives to act upon, and
dispose of as they shall think proper. My amend-
ment also proposes to appropriate a suitable sum
of money to make the necessary arrangements for
procuring stationery, &c., to give dispatch to the
execution of the bill when it shall be passed by
Congress. Every one knows that the bill must
pass, and therefore the propriety of making some
appropriations of that sort now.
This country has become very broad; her terri-
tory ifs extensive, and the census must be prosecu-
ted with considerable dispatch, if the passage of
the law is delayed until the beginning of the next
session. This is the only motive 1 have had in
offering this amendment, in taking this step. I
hope that upon further consideration the honorable
Senator from South Carolina will find nothing in
the amendment that will prevent him from giving
it his sanction.
Mr. CALHOUN. Mr. President, a very few
words m reply. Senator asks, why do we
collect information in relation to the commerce of
the country, and upon what principle are the re-
ports ol our custom-housesmade? My answer is,
because it is the duty of the Federal Government
to regulate external commerce. That is wholly
within the power of Congress. The regulation of
commerce at home, as far as respects commerce
between the States, and no further, is also in the
power of Congress. To that extent information
maybe collected, and no further- There is un-
doubtedly some reason why the Government should
have information to that extent, because they con-
trol that branch of our industry; but all the internal |
commerce and internal productions belong to the
States, and let every Slate provide for itself. I
object to this on account of its tendency to absorb
the interests of the whole country. I object to it
on that ground, and because I think it is taking
upon ourselves the proper business of the States.
Mr, BADGER. Mr. President, I do not share
at all in the constitutional difficulties which have
been mentioned by the Senator from South Caro-
lina [Mr. Calhoun] and the Senator from Florida,
[Mr. Westcott.] But, upon the ground of ex-
pediency, I am totally opposed to the system
adopted in 1^40, of complicating the census or
enumeration of the people of the United States by
these extrinsic inquiries into the business of the
country. The primary, leading purpose, and, in
my judgment, the sole purpose, of taking the cen-
sus, or enumeration of the people of the country,
should be, to ascertain, with accuracy, the popu-
lation of the United States, as the means of fixing,
under the Constitution, the basis of representation,
and also of direct taxatiop. Now. sir, every one.
will perceive, that upon grounds of high expedi-
ency, everything ought to be carefully avoided
which, when united with this main and leading
purpose, would tend to pioduce a less effectual
and less accurate ascertainment of the population j
of the country. It is manifest that all these extra- !
neous mattery complicate the taking of the censu3. i
I think it was practically observed, that in the ex-
ecution of the census law of 1840, the census itself ;
was, to some extent, sacrificed in its accuracy to :
the statistics. It was, therefore, liable to the ob- j
jection of putting at hazard the fullness and certain-
ty of the main object, for the purpose of accom- j
plishing one merely incidental. The objection j
does not stop here. The incidental information, j
the collection of statistical knowledge, it is mam- !
fest, cannot be prepared either with tullness or ac- !
curacy by persons who are engaged in taking the |
census". If it 19 desirable to have it;- if it is wise j
and necessary to call for it, adopt a quiet, calm,
and effectual system to collect the statistics that the
legislation of the country may require. But how
is it now? A man goes to a house, employed as
a subordinate to the marshal, for the purpose of
taking the census in a particular district, who is
paid so much per capita, according to the number
of persons whom he visits, the state of whose do-
mestic industry he is able to obtain. What is the
consequence? As might be expected, he goes to a
house, ascertains the number of people residing
there, pulls out a long list of questions, reads over
the heads, puts down what is given with the utmost
expedition,andflies off to someotherfamily, where
the same process is to be repeated, the same erro-
neous, uncertain, and unsatisfactory information
collected, and put forth to the public as being true
and certain. And therefore, as 1 humbly conceive,
both objects are sacrificed to an unnatural ana
forced union in the hands of the same agent. I
would willingly, if it is thought de&irable, concur
in the passage of a bdl to secure correct statistical
information. But it is manifest that statistics winch
are not accurate, are not only useless, but posi-
tively mischievous. They not only do no good,
but they mislead; they mystify; they injuriously
affect the public judgment, and the action of the
Government. And, unless a considerable degree
both of fullness and accuracy can be obtained, m
my judgment, we are better without any. That
is my view.
With regard to the general subject, as embraced j
in the bill and the amendment offered by my friend J
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Davis,] I greatly prefer j
the amendment. I will briefly state my reasons :
for preferring the amendment. In the first place,
it brings this subject under the consideration of
Congress at the ensuing long session, it will thus
give us an opportunity for full consideration,
whether we shall cut off this statistical informa-
tion altogether, or how many heads of it we will
retain. The amendment has this further advan-
tage: we are to have a careful previous examina-
tion, and a plan reported to us. It is not, as my
friend from Kentucky [Mr. Underwood] seems
to imagine, that we are to devolve upon the Exec-
utive departments to pass the law. Not at all; but
the amendment provides that they are to suggest
to us apian upon which this statistical information
can, in their judgment, be best obtained. It has
every advantage over the bill now before usywhich7
if passed at all, must be passed hurriedly. If we
do not adopt the amendment, we must either take
the bill of 1840, with all its imperfections, vexa-
tious as they were in their actual application to
the country, or we must endeavor to rectify it in a
portion of one of the three remaining days of th©
session.
In the next ptac.e, I am in favor of the plan pro-
posed by my friend from Massachusetts, in pref-
erence to the oiiginal bill, because it avoids the
very evils which my friend from Kentucky seems
to suppose are chargeable to it. The amendment
proposes that everything which it refers to the
Executive officers shall be submitted to us by thein*
Nothing is to be adopted wi'thout our sanction*
and there is to be no Executive legislation. But.
bosv stands the bill? Why, an unlimited discre-
tion is conferred upon an executive officer to add
heads and items of statistical inquiry which are
never to come here for our revision, and w.hich
are to become lasv by an Executive act, without
the subsequent approbation of Congress. In my
opinion, this is too important a subject to be dis-
posed of in the brief space of .time that we have
left. But if we are to do anything upon the sub-
ject; if statistics aie to be collected by the census;
if it is desirable that they should be united with
the census or enumeration of the people of the
United States, the measure proposed by my friend
from Massachusetts has the decided preference
over the bill reported by the select committee. It
gives us an opportunity of examining the bill
which shall be proposed at the next session of
Congress; and, by taking all the steps necessary
for the execution of the work, it prevents the ne-
cessity supposed to exist for anticipating the usual
time for passing the census bill.
I should be very willing, however, that the sub-
ject should be laid on the table,as it is obstructing
important business, and as I do not think there
can be a hope of its passing the other House. For
my own part, 1 should have been glad that the
motion of the honorable Senator from South Car-
olina [Mr. Calhoun] to lay this subject on the
table had prevailed.
Mr. BUTLER. I cannot see how my fiiend
from North "Carolina can be consistent with regard
to his two propositions, fie says first, that he is
opposed to the whole bill for collecting statistical
information. At the same time he gives a prefer-
ence to the amendment offered by the Senator
fiom Massachusetts, by which we are to go to the
expense of preparing stationery to carry out the
provisions of a bill which we may reject, if we
think proper, at the next session. This bill, as
far as 1 know, is very much like the one of 1840*
in reference to the forms to be used; but, as we
have no time for its consideration, if the motion
were renewed to lay it on the table, I should vote
for it.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Piesident, as I differ with
some of my friends in relation to the proposition
of the Senator from Massachusetts, I wish to say
but a word or two upon it, and I wilt detain the
Senate but a moment. In my judgment, this mat-
ter of the census is exceedingly important, and X
believe it requires more time and deliberation to
mature and pass a suitable bill than we can now
give. For that reason 1 prefer the proposition of
the Senator from Massachusetts.
Sir, for one, I have never entertained the idea
that we were confined, either by the Constitution
or by any considerations of policy and propriety,
m taking a census, to a simple enumeration of the
people. I should like to have all the information
which it is possible to obtain, provided it be reli-
able and can be accurately given, so as to take a
just, true, and full view of the whole resources and
the whole industrial operations of this country.
And, sir, so far from these bills having embraced
too many subjects heretofore, I think they have
not extended their inquiries far enough. I think
they might be added to, not only with propriety
but with advantage to this country. I do not be-
lieve that it commits this Government to the prin-
ciple that it has a right to legislate on every subject
which it has a right to inquire into. By no means.
But it does become us,-as all our operations, all our
