1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
629
taxations, affect incidentally at least every interest
in society, to have some knowledge of what those
interests are, in order that we may legislate justly
and impartially for them. Not only would this
information be highly gratifying to tire general
scholar, but it would make valuable additions to
'the mass of statistics, which constitute one of the
highest and best subjects of the study of an Ameri-
can statesman. Sir, I know of nothing which has
contributed more to the advance of political science
than the increased attention which, has been paid
to statistics, and the opportunity which has thus
been afforded of testing theory by experience.
Especially is it important for the American states-
man to obtain a full and accurate view of all the
parts of that vast society whose machinery he
directs.' He should have all possible facilities for
studying our progress, and tracing the connection
between cause and effect. And it is because I wish
io see a bill fully matured that I am disposed to
vote for the amendment of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, for it will give us time enough to ma-
ture a bill. If we agree to the proposition of the
Senator from Massachusetts, we shall not be com-
pelled to adopt, as has been argued, any bill that
may' be sent us from the department. We shall
have full discretion to alter or amend it, as it may
seem to us proper. It would be unwise, from such
a jealousy as this, to reject the aid which we shall
probably thus obtain from some mind trained to
statistical inquiries, and stored with the necessary
information to guide him in suggesting the proper
objects of investigation. But if he should fail in
doing that, we would then be where we are now.
We should lose nothing. If he should not present
such a bill as would be suitable, the result would
be that we should have suggestions no doubt of
much value and utility made to us, and that would
materially aid us in framing a bill ourselves.
Another advantage of the amendment is, that it
provides in advance for many of those things,
paper, stationery, &c., to which the Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Underwood] has referred, and
thus affords the necessary facilities for the execu-
tion of the work in case we should pass a bill at an
early period of the next session.
My friend from Noith Carolina [Mr. Badger]
iias just informed us that the other House has to-
day passed a bill in reference to this matter. I
know nothing about that, or for what it provide?,
but I am not disposed to act definitively on the
subject until we have more time and more inform-
ation. I shall, therefore, vote for the proposition
of the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. President, I acknowledge
the importance of this measure, but deny that there
is the least necessity for action at this time. The
committee reporting this bill have followed sub-
stantially the forms in reference to a classification
of ages and the statistics of the country, that was
adopted in 1839-'40. Now, we have the benefits
of experience resulting from that service, and we
ought to profit by it. The tables of statistics pro-
vided to be taken then, were, from the nature and
number of the inquiries, very im]>erfect. The
questions were of a character calculated to create
a prejudice in the minds of the agricultural com-
munity particularly, and resulted in no practical
benefit whatever.
I think we had better defer action on this sub-
ject until the next session, thereby affording time
and opportunity to digest a plan free from the
errors and imperfections apparent upon the face of
this bill.
I will not consume time now, in assigning rea-
sons for the opinion that all that part of this prop-
osition, which provides for collecting the statistics
of the different States, had much better be left,and
more properly belongs to the States themselves;
but such is my opinion; and, if the subject is passed
over until next session of Congress, I will endeavor
to demonstrate it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD.. Will my honorable friend
allow me to correct a misapprehension he is labor-
ingunderin regard to the bill? We have departed
entirely from the whole of those features of the bill
of 1840, of which the Senator justly complains.
Under the operation of this bill no woman will
ever be asked how many chickens and bee-hives
she possesses, nor how many yards of cloth she
has woven during the year? We have put away
everything of that sort, as amounting to nothing,
if we had the information, and as being wholly
impracticable to rcach. The statistical informa-
tion in reference to manufactures relates, not to
mere manual labor, but those manufactures which
are carried on by steam-power, water-power, or
horse-power. We have discarded everything
which the gentleman has been criticising, and I
think if he was thoroughly acquainted with the
bill he would not hesitate to give it his approba-
tion.
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. President, feeling that this
bill has improperly taken the place of more urgent
and important business, and that we are wasting
time unnecessarily in considering it, I mo.ve to lay
it on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. ATHERTON, the Senate
then proceeded to consider the bill making appro-
priations for the payment of navy pensions for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1850, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
No amendment being offered, the bill was re-
ported, and ordered to a third reading. It was
subsequently read a third time, and passedr
On motion of Mr. ATCHISON, the Senate then
proceeded to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness, and the doors were not reopened until the
hour for the recess had arrived.
EVENING SESSION.
On motion by Mr. ATHERTON, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the
consideration of the bill making appropriations for
certain foitifications of the United States for the
year ending June 3G, 1850.
Mr. BORLAND moved to amend the bill by
adding a provision appropriating §90,000 for the
completion of Fort Gibson, Arkansas.
Mr. B. I will state that this item of appropria-
tion is m accordance with the recommendation of
the Gtuartermaster General, who states that it is
necessary for the completion of a work already
begun for the accommodation of the troops that
are there stationed.
Mr. ATHERTON. The estimates for fortifi-
cations ought to come from the Bureau of Engi-
neers.
Mr. BORLAND further explained, and the
amendment was agreed to.
No further amendment being offered to the bill,
it was reported to the Senate; the amendment was
concurred in, the bill ordered to a third reading,
and was subsequently read a third time by its title
and passed.
LAW FOR CALIFORNIA.
On motion by Mr. ATHERTON, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the
consideration of the bill making appropriations for
the support of the army for the year ending June
30, 1850.
Mr. BALDWIN. I propose to add to this bill
the same amendment which I offered to the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the inhabitants of the
territories of New Mexico and California respectively shall
be entitled to the benefits of the writ of habeas corpus in all
cases of unlawful detention or icstraint; of trial hy jury m
all criminal cases; and of judicial proceedings according to
the common law and the laws and usages m force in said
territories; and no person not belonging to Uie army of
navy of the United States shall be liable to be tried by mar-
tial law.
Mr. BALDWIN. The question was asked
the other day why this amendment was added to
the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill, when,
by an amendment already adopted, the Consti-
tution of the United States had been extended
over these territories, carrying with it, by neces-
sary implication, the writ of habeas corpus ? But
any gentleman who will reflect upon the subject,
bearing in mind the language of the Constitution
in relation to this writ, will, I think, entertain no
doubt that, in this case, as in every other, to gue
to the courts constituted by this Government the
right to issue the writ of habeas corpus for the de-
liverance of the citizen from unlawful restraint,
requires the enactment of a special law for that pur-
pose. The act of Congress of 1789, giving to the
district, circuit, and supreme courts of the United
States the power to issue the writ of habeas corpus
in the cases specified in that act, can have no appli-
cation to the courts existing in these territories.
It requires, therefore, a special enactment.
Mr. YULEE, If the Senator will pardon me,
I will inquire if the Senator is in order in moving
this amendment?
PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator will
state the point of order,
Mr. YULEE. This I understand to be a ^ap-
propriation bill for the support of.tHe army, and
the Senator -moves an amendment in relation to the
government of the people of California. I can con-
ceive of no two subjects more dissimilar.
PRESIDING OFFICER. The rule in tha
House of Representatives is not to admit amend-
ments incongruous to the subject-matter of the bilk
There is, however, no such rule here.
Mr. YULEE. Then I beg leave, as this is an
important question, to call the attention of the Pre-
siding Officer to the fact that there is no quorum
present.
Mr. FOOTE. I will suggest to my friend from
Florida that it would be better to meet this ques-
tion at once.
PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from
Connecticut has not yielded the floor.
Mr. BALDWIN. A large number of our citi-
zens, as we all know, from every part qf this coun-
try, have gone to California. Is it right for us io
leave those citizens unprotected ? Is it right for us
to leave them without the benefit of the great writ,
of deliverance, which we have provided in our
Constitution shall not be suspended unless when,
in cases of rebellion or invasion, the public safety
shall require it? Sir, I havefrieijfls and neighbors
that are dear to me who have gone into that region,
and I should feel that PSvas faithless to the duties
of my station, faithless to the obligations 1 owe to
those neighbors and friends, if I were to omit any
opportunity of throwing around them at least these
feeble safeguards, the habeas corpus and trial by
jury. All the provisions which are contained in
the amendment I propose are taken from the act
organizing the Territory of Missouri. Those pro-
visions will be substantially found to be incorpo-
rated in every territorial bill that has been passed.
Why should not the people of these territories,
then, be entitled to the same privileges which we
have extended to the people of all our other terri-
tories? I know of no reason. I am sure thjit if
honorable Senators will reflect that these rights are
not extended to them, simply by extending the
Constitution and general laws of the United States,
but that they need a specific provision of law for
that purpose, there will be no objection interposed
to the introduction of this amendment. It is said
that this is improper to be attached to the army
appropriation bill. It strikes me that it is peculiarly
proper in this bill. Sir, the present government
rn California is essentially a military government.
Your naval and military forces are there. They
need, therefore, the protection of such a provision
as this. I do not wish to take up any time in dis-
cussing this question; but I am sure that if gentle-
men will reflect on the provisions of the amendment
I have proposed, they wili see that there is noth-
ing contained in it that any section of the country
ha°s a right to complain of, nothing but what we
should all be eager and anxious to extend to our
citizens in those territories.
Mr. FOOTE. We aic admonished by a thou-
sand tokens, not less striking than gratifying, that
an era in the world's history has been at length
reached when change and improvement, and general
progress, moral and intellectual, physical and spir-
I ltual, are riot only to be anticipated, but are in a
course of actual realization. However, Mr. Pres-
ident, the philosophers of different ages may have
heretofore differed in opinion touching the interest-
ing question of the absolute perfectibil'ty of human
institutions, I have for some time past doubled
but little that the advance of our species in knowl-
■ edge, in vntue, and in all that constitutes true
I earthly felicity, would, despite of all impediments,
! continue to go on, in all time to come, until the
whole world should be irradiated with the light of
! truth, and all the children of men -be heard to re-
joice over their deliverance from ignorancc, and
error, and moral degradation. I am specially grat-
ified at being able to declare, on this occasion, that
my hopes of the general amelioration of mankind,
! and the prospective triumphs of troth, have been
| both brightened and invigorated, refreshed and
| confirmed, beyond measure, and inexpressibly, by
the speech to which we have just listened from the
honorable Senator from Connecticut. A few days
since, some of us here were urging most zealously,
and with all the efficiency which we co«;d com-
j. mand, the claims of our brethren in Calif,,inia to
! go\ernmental protection and domestic security at
