680
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
the hands of the National Legislature. The subject
was presented to us in all its aspects and bearings
by various Senators, and so affectingly were the
sufferings of our brethren in these remote regions
depicted to us by honorable Senators, and so co-
gent was the argumentation which took place upon
all the topics involved in the proposition of the
honorable Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Walk-
er,] that I could not easily perceive how it was
possible for any man, not destitute both of phi-
lanthropy and patriotism, to refuse to do at least
as much as the honorable Senator from Wiscon-
sin and others urged us to do, and- to do without
delay. And yet there were some here who refused
to extend the Constitution of the United States to
our brethren in California and New Mexico—who
refused to extend to them the general laws of the
Union—who refused to tri^st the President elect,
to whose election they had contributed, with such
powers a3 are obviously necessary to be possessed
and exercised by the Executive of the nation, in
order to rescue our fellow-countrymen from pres-
ent evils, and save them from menaced horrors.
Among those of our body whose hearts were cold
and pulseless, and whose eyelids were unwet with
the soft dew of sympathetic emotion, was the Sen-
ator from Connecticut. He opposed all adequate
legislation for California and New Mexico with the
utmost zeal, and^ith all the energy which he could
bring into exercise. He seemed to regard these
territories as a foreign country, which had no
claims to our commiseration, our respect, and our
■providing care. He seemed, indeed, scarcely to be
aware that a single native-born citizen of our Re-
public was at this time to be found in all the vast
domain which our recent treaty with Mexico has
placed in our possession. But now, when the
amendment of the Senator from Wisconsin has
been favorably acted upon by this body—when
there is every likelihood of its becoming a part of
the law of the land, and, as such, securing to the
people of California and New Mexico municipal
quiet and social order—the honorable Senator from
Connecticut has become suddenly illuminated—his
bosom, heretofore cold and tlirobless, has become
full of ardent and tumultuous emotion—fraternal
sympathy and Christian condolence stream from
Ilia eyes, and choke his utterance; and he is heard
to beseech us, and implore us, and demand of us,
in tones both lugubrious and inflammatory, not to
permit our brethren in California and New Mexico
to remain longer unprovided with the ineffable
blessings of Imbeas corpus and jury trial. One who
did not know the honorable Senator from Connec-
ticut as well as I do—who did not comprehend the
secret motives which actuate him—and who was
at the same time uninformed as to those peculiar
legislative tactics of his which lead him so often
to seek the objects of his desire by covcrt and in-
sidious means, and to indulge in professions of
sentiment only by way of experiment upon the
feelings of others—would naturally have supposed
that the honorable Senator was really actuated by
a generous and manly solicitude for the comfort and
security of the people of California and New Mex-
ico. But nothing is farther from the truth. Read
the amendment, and you will find a single word
which throws a flood of light upon the honorable
Senator's designs and motives, and convicts him
of attempting to impose upon this body an amend-
ment to the bill before us, which, if adopted, might
be productive of consequences as mischievous as
have ever been realized under any single act of
Congressional legislation since the foundation of
the Republic. The word to which 1 allude is the
word "inhabitants." He desires the benefits of
habeas corpus to be extended to all the inhabitants
of California and New Mexico. In other words,
he desires that slaves, if any shall ever be carried
into California or New Mexico, shall have a sum-
mary remedy afforded to them of achieving their
emancipation. Now, 1 do not say that such would
be the necessary effect of the honorable Senator's
amendment, but I do aver my solemn belief that
the'" amendment of the honorable Senator from
Connecticut was introduced for the purpose just
stated, and for no other purpose whatever. The
white race of California will have full protection
and security afforded to them under the amend-
ment of the honorable Senator from Wisconsin—
if, indeed, that amendment shall not be eventually
defeated by factious opposition, either here or else-
where; but should it happen that persons of a dif-
erent complexion are found there, what guarantee
is provided for them, should a claim to their ser-
vice be set up by white men claiming to be their
owners? What is there in the amendment of the
Senator from Wisconsin to deter southern men
from migrating to California and New Mexico
with or without their slaves ? What is there in
that amendment calculated to secure an unjust and
illiberal monopoly in California and New Mexico
to the citizens who belong to the free States of our
Confederacy? Nothing, sir; nothing. Our plan
of territorial government is marked with justice
and liberality, and regard for the Constitution.
Non-intervention, on the subject of slavery in the
new territories, is its leading feature. We had
been willing to leave this question to be settled
hereafter, under the guidance of experience, by
the people of those territories, whose interests are
to be chiefly affected, either by the exclusion or
admission of slavery. But this plan of ours has
not suited either the feelings or judgments of such
gentlemen as the Senator from Connecticut and
his allies in this Chamber. They haye proclaimed
their determination to control tins domestic ques-
tion, by Congressional enactment, for the good
people of California and New Mexico, to whose
decision they are unwilling to trust it. As to the
Constitution of the United States, that, we are
told, is a sort of moral luxury, only to be enjoyed
by such American citizens as chance to reside
within the limits of the sovereign States of the
Union. We have been assured, solemnly and earn-
estly assured, that Call forma and New Mexico were
actually not a part of the United States at all; that
it was not possible fur Congress to extend, by any
legislation in its power, that sacred instrument,
with its well known guarantees, to our feilow-citi-
zens who have gone thither. lint now gentlemen
seem to have undeigone a change; they profess to
be profoundly sympathetic for their neighbors and
friends who have gone to these distant regions,
and lament most dolorously the sufferings which
they suppose to be in store for them for want of
the protection of the habeas corpus. All this, Mr.
President, is sheer hypocrisy—a ridiculous parade
of false professions—a disgusting exhibition of
pseudo-philanthropy—a coarse and nauseating
specimen of demagogism,decked out in the habili-
ments of christian charity and regard for the great
principles of popular freedom: it is abolition, sir,
m disguise, and the more fit to be denounced and
ridiculed because it is ashamed to avow its real
character and designs. The whole scheme of the
Senator from Connecticut, and those who favor
his amendment, is to enable slaves to emancipate
themselves from the control of their masters; and,
with a view to this end, agitation upon a question
which has already shaken the Union to its centre
is to be kept in progress both here and elsewhere.
Sir, we fondly flattered ourselves, when the amend-
ment of the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Webster] was so signally defeated in this
Chamber a day or two since, that fanatical agita-
tion upon the subject of slavery in the territories
was at an end. We were confirmed in this belief
by the fact that the Wilmot proviso itself had been
defeated in the other wing of this Capitol. We
began to hope for a season of quiet and repose,
and to assure ourselves that the voice of faction
would no move jar upon our cars—that the cocka-
trice of abolition would no longer be seen rearing
its accursed crest in our midst; but suddenly we
find that the snake is not killed,but scotched only;
that demagogues arc not yet quieted, but have
only become a little more covert and insidious in
their movements; that the native land of Wash-
ington, and Jefferson, and Franklin, is doomed to
be the perpetual theatre of clamor and strife, and
it may be of bloodshed too. Sir, I know not how
others may feel, but I am disgusted, indignant,
full of contempt and detestation, for this new con-
trivance, and for all who may feel inclined to coun-
tenance it even for a moment. I feel certain that
I have not mistaken the real object of the honor-
able Senator from Connecticut, and that I have not
employed language at all too strong in my descrip-
tion of it. Dare that gentleman himself rise in his
place and say that his objects are misunderstood
or misrepresented?
Mr. MANGUM, (interposing.) Will the hon-
orable Senator pardon me for interrupting him? I
apprehend his remarks are too personal to be strictly
in order.
Mr. FOOTE. Well, sir, I confess it is a little
difficult to be perfectly parliamentary under such
peculiar provocations. I have designed to use
plain and strong language. The season of patience
and submission, and strict courtesy, with me at
least, has some time since terminated; and if hon-
orable gentlemen expect from me the language of
civility, kindness, and complaisance, they must
cease their mischievous intermeddling with matters
which do not at all concern them, over which they
' have noconstitutional authority, and by interference
with which they cannot but be mischievous to an
extent which oil good men would deplore. If hon-
orable Senators wish to be treated with respect by
me, they must cease to bear the torch of the incen-
diary into this hall of consultation. Jf they wish
to he treated as gentlemen, they must demean
themselves in such manner as not to violate the
principles which have regulated the conduct of
gentlemen in all ages and nations since the first
dawn of civilization and refinement. 1 hope, Mr.
President, that, without much further debate, we
may come to a vote upon the amendment of the
Senator from Connecticut, and, as far as we can,
put an end to this troublesome question forever.
Mr. BALDWIN. My own self-respect will
prevent me from replying to anything that has
been said by the Senator from Mississippi. I beg,
however, the indulgence of the Senate, as it may
not be within the recollection of all the members
of this body, while I read from the act of the 26th
of March, 1804, for the organization of a territorial
government for the Territory of Louisiana, the
provision securing to the inhabitants the right of
trial by jury and the benefit of the writ of habeas
corpus. Mr. B. read from the 5th section of that
act;
" Tile inhabitants of the said territory shall be entitled to
the benefit-; of the writ 01 habeas corpus," &e.
This (continued Mr. Baldwin) was deemed ne-
cessary in the case of Louisiana—a slave territory
—where the writ of habeas corpus was extended
to "the inhabitants" in the same words that I have *
adopted in the amendment before the Senate. This
was in 1804. Again, in the year 1812, when the
territorial government of Missouri was formed—
also a slave territory—it was deemed necessary to
insert, for the protection of the inhabitants, the
following provision:
" That the peoph: of said territory shaft always be entitled
to a proportionate representation in the General Assembly j
to judicial proceedings, according to the common laiv,-and
the laws and usages in force in the said territory; to the
benefit of the wilt of habeas corpus. In ail criminal cases
the trial .shall be by jury," See.
These, sir, were the provisions contained in the
act passed by Congress for organizing the Terri-
tory of Missouri. Why, 1 ask, should honoiable
Senators refuse to extend the same privileges to
the people of California and ffew Mexico? Sir.
were they not promised—when General Kearny
advanced with his conquering army into New
Mexico, and issued his proclamation to the people
of Santa Fe—were they not promised the benefits
of a free government? And were they not prom-
ised this by authority of your own Executive? I
beg to call the attention of the Senate for a moment
to the language made use of by General Kearny
m his proclamation—language which he was au-
thorized to use by the instructions which he re-
ceived from the Secretary of War. He told them
that it was the wish and design of the United
States, with the least possible deFay, to provide for "
them a government similar to those which exist in
our territories. Had they not a right to suppose,
then, that they would have the benefit of the writ
of habeas corpus, and all those privileges and im-
munities which our citizens enjoy under a territo-
rial government? This proclamation was issued
in pursuance of instructions contained in a letter
of Secretary Marcy, dated June 3, 1846. On the
22d of August, 1846, General Kearny issued, at
Santa Fe, his proclamation, announcing it to be
the intention of the United States to provide for
New Mexico a government with the least possible
delay, similar to that of a territory of the United
States; and that the people of New Mexico would
then be called on to exercise the rights of freemen
in electing their own representatives in the territo-
rial legislature. This was the proclamation issued
by General Kearny to the people of New Mexico-
and he told them, moreover, that the then existing
law would be continued in force until the proposed
territorial form of government, under the authority
of th&Congress of the United States, could be pro-
vided for them. On the same day oil which Gen-
eral Kearny issued this proclamation, he wrote to
