1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
633
Senate, because I think it the last place on the
footstool of God where the question ought to be
argued, or can be argued with any hope of suc-
cess. I believe it ought to be argued, sir, where
honorable Senators appear to be so much afraid of
difficulty, in the hearing of the great body of the
people; and when the honorable Senator from
Georgia states that he believes that gentlemen from
the North do not speak the sentiments of the great
body of the American people, I believe he speaks
the truth, a plain and naked but most humiliating
truth; and that they do not speak out, sir, because
they do not express the heart-burning convictions
of their constituents. They are dumb and silent,
comparatively speaking, upon this great question;
and when it is introduced, the impulses which
warm the heart and impel the action of their con-
stituents, do not find expression in the voices, or
the votes, or the action of their representatives on
this floor. And in that respect the assertion is
true. Sir, if they had spoken the language of their
constituents years ago, we should not have seen
the crisis in which we are now situated; we should
not have been in the condition in-which we now
find ourselves. If we had been true to the immor-
tal principles laid down by tire fathers of the Con-
stitution in the ordinance of 1787—if we had not
become the degenerate sons of an exalted, virtu-
ous, and patriotic ancestry, and swerved from the
ever-enduring principles they established for our
guidance, we would not have permitted this insti-
tution to grow with the growth, and spread with
the progress of the country, making constant and
continual advances, and we should have avoided
this issue now forced upon us, and about which
there is given so much abundant caution. I put it
to southern gentlemen, how is it you have changed
positions on this great principle of habeas corpus?
How is it, when that same principle of habeas
corpus twelve months ago was the great safety-
valve that was to cure all the fanaticism in the land
of a proscribed faction in the North, and of all that
was discordant in public discussion? How is it,
that it has been so altered and so transmografied,
that to-day it is an instrument of abolition, a child
of fanaticism, and calculated to produce anew the
very disturbance and commotion and agitation that
not six months since it was said it would alleviate?
Mr. FOOTE. If the Senator from New Hamp-
shire vMlI allow, I desire to make an explanation.
Mr. HALE. Certainly.
Mr. FOOTE. I think it due to myself and my
constituents that I should make a brief explanation
of this matter. I would state, then, that I have
not undertaken at any time to express hostility to
the writ of habea3 corpus, or dread of its operation
in California and New Mexico. I have uniformly
said, as other gentlemen have said, that this amend-
ment would be a work of supererogation, inasmuch
as the writ of habeas corpus was already extended
to the territories. But that I believed that this
amendment had been specially introduced in order
to rekindle excitement upon the question of slavery,
and that the word " inhabitants" was inserted as
a covert and ingenious mode of forwarding the
cause of abolition. I do not wish gentlemen to
assert that I am opposed to the habeas corpus. I
have always honored the habeas corpus law of our
ancestors most profoundly, and I trust that I am
willing, if necessary, to die in support, of it.
Mr. HALE. I understood the Senator of Mis-
sissippi to say that the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Connecticut was a covert abolition
movement. Understanding it myself as nothing
more than a provision extending the habeas corpus,
I felt there was good foundation for the remarks I
made.
A word more, sir, and I have done. We are
called upon to be quiet, sir, because it is said fac-
tion is prostrated by the bill relating to California
which has lately passed the Senate, and which is
thought to be potent enough to cure this great
evil. Sir, have we forgotten that there is another
body sitting in the other end of this same building,
composed of two hundred and twenty-six mem-
bers, that have already cured this same difficulty,
but by a very different sort of medicine from that
which we have administered in the case? I know
that the history of past legislation has been that
the House, when a difference arose between them
and the Senate, have preferred generally to give
"way. Last session a different application of the
rule was made, and it was the body sitting at this
end of the Capitol that had to give way. I do
hope, sir, that the same issue will be again pre-
sented, and that it will be made manifest who are
the true representatives of the great public senti-
ment of this country, the two hundred and twenty-
six members of the House, or the sixty Senators
occupying this floor, elected for six years, and the
higher style of representatives of the sovereign
States so much talked about. I do hope that be-
fore the 4th of March we will have the question
practically presented to us, and then if it shall turn
out that our prescription is not the one best calcu-
lated to meet the case, and that these two hundred
and twenty-six members of the other House con-
sider their prescription a more appropriate one for
the patient, and will allow no other to be adminis-
tered, then, sir, I ask who will be the prostrate
faction which never again can rear its hydra head ?
It is difficult to tell, in popular governments, which
is the faction. Generally the one that is put down,
prostrated, forced to succumb, is the faction. It
may be said that the faclionists are down m this
body; but if the rumor is to be credited, or the
signs of the times regarded, these very factionists
are actually controlling the House of Representa-
tives at this very moment. What an alarming
state of things is this! It does seem to me that if
faction is dead—has been killed here—that, alter
being carried out of this Chamber, she has sprung
anew into life, has entered the House of Repre-
sentatives, and is now ruling the action of that
body; and it may be that she will reenter this
Chamber again, triumphant and victorious; and if
so, who then will be the prostrate faction ? I did
not intend to say anything upon this question, Mr.
President, but when I heard these suggestive cau-
tions and reproofs thrown out, I could not sit still.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland. Mr. President,
it would be improper for me, if I thought so, to
say that I doubted the purity of the motives that
have induced the Senator from Connecticut [Mr.
Baldwin] to bring forward this amendment; but
I do not doubt them. I am sure that they are-
pure. The difficulty which operates in the mind
of that honorable member upon this question is,
whether the Constitution of the United States, of
itself, so far as California is concerned, extends
the writ of habeas corpus to those who may be res-
idents of that territory? I happen to differ with
some of my friends upon that subject. As I con-
ceive, the Constitution of the United States merely
provides that that writ shall not be suspended. It
does not give the writ; that is given by legisla-
tion. According to my construction, the whole
effect of it is, that where there is authority to use
it by the Constitution, there is no authority to
suspend it. The only question in this case is,
whether there is authority now, or will be after
this law shall have been passed in relation to Cal-
ifornia, to use the writ of habeas corpus. I rise
merely to say that it is my impression that, by
extending the laws of the United States, the pro-
visions of the a'ct of 1789, which give to the courts
of the United States the authority to issue the writ
of habeas corpus, is in force, or will be when the
bill relating to California shall go into operation;
and that, therefore, there is no need of the amend-
ment proposed by the honorable member from
Connecticut.
Mr. BALDWIN here alluded to a fact illustra-
ting the principle he was advocating with regard
to the courts in Florida.
Mr. JOHNSON. No doubt of it. There is no
doubt in the case to which the honorable member
refers. The question in relation to the courts in
Florida was, whether the admiralty jurisdiction of
the United States could be vested in courts whose
judges held but limited tenure of officer The Su-
preme Court of the United States decided that it
could be done in the case of territories. They
decided this and nothing more. They never have
decided, m that or any other case, that it is not in
the power of the United States, by extending the
laws of the United States there, to authorize the
courts of the territories established by this Gov-
ernment to issue writs of habeas corpus.
Mr. BERRIEN. If the inhabitants of Califor-
nia and New Mexico are secured in their property
and person, they must be entitled to some process
by which that security can be enforced when it is
violated; and if the President of the United States
is invested, by the amendment adopted yesterday,
with the power to establish rules and regulations
for the government of this territory, in conformity
with the provisions of the constitution, he is bound
to establish there rules and regulations by which
the security of persons and property can be estab-
lished, and by which the laws can be enforced;
and of course, naturally and necessarily, he is
bound, in conformity with the Constitution, to pro-
vide for the issue of the writ of habeas corpus.
I desire to add a word in reference to this amend-
ment. I trust that the amendment offered by the
Senator from Connecticut will not be adopted, for
the reason before assigned, that it is calculated to
embarrass the bill, the passage of which I deem of
great importance to the country of California. I
shall vote for the amendment to the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Texas; and, if that
be adopted, I shall vote against the whole amend-
ment.
The question upon the amendment to the amend-
ment was then taken, and agreed to.
The question recurring upon the amendment as
amended—
Mr. BALDWIN asked for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered and'taken, with the following
result:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Baldwin, Cameron, Clarke, Cor-
win, Davi> of Massachusetts, Dayton, Dix, Greene, Hale,
Hamhn, Milter, Nilcs, Spruance, Wales, Walker, and Web-
ster—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Atherton, Benton, Berrien,
Borland, Breese, Bright, Buller, Dickinson, Downs, Fitz-
gerald, Footp, Ilannegan, Houston, Hunter, Johnson of Ma-
ryland, Johnson of Louisiana, Johnson of Georgia, Jones,
Kmg, Mangum, Metcalle, Rusk, Sebastian, Tumey, Under-
wood, and Yulee—27.
So the amendment was rejected.
CORPS OP SAPPERS AND MINERS.
Mr. HAMLIN moved to amend the bill by
adding a new section providing for the discharge
of such of the corps of sappers and miners en-
gaged in the war with Mexico, as may desire to
receive such discharge.
In submitting this amendment he said: Mr.
President, I will state, in a very few words, the
reasons which have induced me to offer this amend-
ment, which I trust may be such as to commend
it to the Senate and induce favorable action upon
it. This was. a corps differing from any other in
the service. It was raised for a specific purpose,
and was of a higher grade and character than
other portions of the service. I hold in my hand
the advertisement published through all the eastern
States, and under which the corps was recruited.
It is headed an advertisement for "Engineer Re-
cruits." Those who entered the corps were led to
believe, and were told in direct terms in the ad-
vertisement-, that they would be taught thescience
of civil engineering. Upon that hope, and with
the expectation of its being realized, they were
induced to enter the service. They entered the
service, and were sent to Mexico seventy-eight
strong; they returned from Mexico with but twen-
ty-six men in their ranks, having served from the
date of their enlistment during all the campaign. I
apprehend that no corps in the whole service ren-
dered more service than did this corps, and none
suffered so severe a loss of its numbers.
The qualifications which were necessary for those
who became members of this corps were, that they
should be unmarried, American citizens, and young
men of good education. The whole corps was
made up of that class of individuals taken from our
community who are the most respectable, intel-
lectual, and worthy. They went into the service
and discharged their duty as I have stated. The
records of that campaign and official papers bear
unequivocal testimony to the gallant and merito-
rious service they performed. The corps has,
subsequent to the termination of the war, been
filled up with recruits from our cities, whose moral
character and attainments are gieatly inferior to
those of the remnant remaining of the original
members. It has been filled up with that class of
individuals who are usually recruited for the or-
dinary service from our large pities and towns,
who are morally and socially unfit to occupy a
position in the same corps with those individuals
to whom I have referred. It is now asked that
the remnant of these young men—absolutely se-
duced into the service, on whom a moral fraud
was perpetrated, and who served the country faith-
fully during all the campaigns in Mexico, and who
are now connected in the same corps with the class
of recruits to which I have referred, morally and
intellectually their inferiors—may be discharged
from the service, and the vacancies thus created in
the corps made up by recruits as they have been
since the close of the war.
