634
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
These are the facts, as I have briefly stated them.
These young men were induced to enter the ser-
vice from the belief and representations that they
should be educated as engineers. In this they
have been disappointed, if not deceived. They
have endured the hardships of a severe campaign
in Mexico, sustaining a loss, it is believed, un-
equaled by any other corps. The corps itself has
been changed by filling its ranks with another and
a different class of men. Let them be discharged.
I would gladly refer in detail to the' facts in my
possession, and speak at length upon what I be-
lieve to be the rights and equities offthese young
men; but I forbear. I k-now the lateness of the
session and the press of business upon us. I trust
the Senate will deal in justice in this case.
The question being taken, the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. DIX moved to amend, by inserting a pro-
vision to compensate Major Webber, military
storekeeper at Watertown, for extra services.
This (he said) is a printed resolution, reported
by the Committee on Military Affairs unanimous-
ly. A voluminous report upon the subject is
among the printed documents of the Senate. It
proposes to compensate Major Webber, military
storekeeper at Watertown, for extra services. He
has performed the duties of quartermaster, com-
missary of subsistence, and ordnance officer, for
many years. The arsenal at Watertown has in
fact been an arsenal of constiuction, and Major
Webber has had command of it. He has per-
formed many onerous duties not connected with
his particular charge—the safe-keeping of property
—and that without any increase of compensation.
His salary has been but eight hundred dollars per
annum. He has acted us commissary of subsist-
ence, and in supplying the artisans under his com-
mand, fitting out troops during the late war, and
he has been engaged in performing a variety of
other services apart from his regular duties. He
has been in command, then, since 1839. The in-
crease of compensation will extend back to 1842,
the period when his former compensation, that of
a captain in the army, was reduced. These de-
tails are all set forth in the report of the commit-
tee, however, and I will not trouble the Senate
with $wy further explanation.
Mr. KING. How long did he perform the du-
ties of a commissary of subsistence?
Mr. DIX. He has performed these duties since
1842.
Mr. CAMERON. This case is similar to that
of every storekeeper in the country. This Major
Webber h*s a very desirable reRidence on the banks
of the Hudson. He has one of the finest places
in the service under the Government. There is a
bill now on the files of the Senate, reported by the
Military Committee, in relation to compensation
of all the storekeepers of the country: there would
be some propriety in presenting that bill, in con-
nection with the one before us, but I see no pro-
priety in the present one.
Mr. DIX. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
is entirely mistaken in almost every particular he
has Mated. He is not aware even of Major Web-
ber's locality. It is not on the banks of the Hud-
son, but at Watertown, some miles from Boston,
in the interiorof Massachusetts; and lam notaware
that it has any extraordinary claims to rural beauty.
Ills case is also a very peculiar one, d iffermg greatly
from the situation of other storekeepers, ilere,
at Washington, the military storekeeper has only
his proper duties of taking charge of property.
There is an ordnance officer to superintend the
transactions of the aisenal. But Major Webber
has performed not only the duties of military store-
keeper, but has been engaged m the superintend-
ence of an ordnance, corps, as a commissary of
subsistence, commanding officer, purchaser of pro-
visions, and recruiting officer. I believe there is
no similar case so deserving. He is only receiv-
ing eight hundred dollars a year—not enough for
the bate subsistence of his family.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ATCHISON moved to amend the bill by
reducing an appropriation of $360,000 for the dis-
tribution of arms to the several States to $260,000,
placing the remaining $100,000 at the direction of
the Secretary of War, to be expended in the pur-
chase, at his discretion, of Colt's revolving pistols
and Jenks's carbine.
Mr. A. Mr. President, my purpose in offering
this amendment is to reduce the appropriation made
for the purchase of arms for the States one hun-
dred thousand dollars—said sum to be placed at
the disposal of the Secretary of War, if he deems
it expedient and proper, for the purchase of Colt's
pistols and Jenks's carbines.
Mr. RUSK. This appropriation of three hun-
dred and sixty thousand dollars is, as I understand,
' to furnish the different States with arms; an annual
appropriation to that effect always being made.
This amendment proposes to reserve one hundred
thousand dollars for the purchase of Colt's pistols
and Jenks's carbines—a species of arms vastly su-
perior to any now furnished by the United States.
This is a matter of considerable importance as to
the manner in which this money is expended now;
as a large quantity of the-arms that are generally
furnished have been thrown aside as of no service
at all. I know that there have been numerous
applications made to the Secretaries of War from
the several States of the Union, asking to be fur-
nished with this character of arms, particularly
Colt's pistols, but they have been denied because
of the limited number in the arsenals of the United
States. I hope the Senate will give me their at-
tention while 1 read a few extracts from letters in
relation to Colt's pistols, recommending their use,
and testifying to their superior efficiency as a fire-
arm.
Major General Zachary Taylor, commanding army of oc-
cupation, in a lettei to the inventor, writes: "I liave been
much pleased with an examination wl.jcb I have made of
your nrw-niodelpd repeating pistols, and feel satisfied, that
under all circumstances, they may be safely relied on.5'
Major Genera! W. J. Worth, in a letter to Mr. Colt, writes:
" The recent Mexican war has full} demoitt>iraFe<l the formi-
dable ehaiactei of this weapon in all mounted corps or
partisan service. Yow can have no better or higher testi-
mony th;m that of General L<ineand Colonel Jack Hays, both
galiaht oihcers and ofl.ugo experience. In a hiahef degrt-c
will us value be t-hovvn in our Indian content?, where rhe
onset is su.iden and fie ice, and momentary—vvheie it is of
liiM importance fo deliver the Lugc^t amount of rire in the
bin re-t time. Wishing jou success m your piai.-eworthy
eftbits to improve the armament of the country, I remain,"
&.c.
General Joseph Lane wiitc^: " I think I can say as much
for and aliont this foi midable weapon as any one now living,
except Colonel Jack Hays, ot Texas, (poor Walker is no
more.) I have seen them tested in several severe and
bloody conflicts, when a tew men, armed with Colt's re-
volver; were equal to five, and m several instances to ten
times their numbers. No weapon is equal to it. In close
quarters, one man is alwavs equal to three or more. I know
the u>e of it well, and would recommend that ail mounted
forces beatrned with them."
Colonel Jack Hays, of the Texas rangers, writes: 111
have had a good opportunity of testing the utility of Colt's
pistols during the late Mexican war, and feel no hesita-
tion m saying they are superior (in my opinion) to any
other now known for eavahy. The danger of accidental
explosion has been obviated by the late improvement.
They go off clear. The cylinders revolve with great rapid-
ity, and the distance they cairy a ball (I mean the conical
ball) m indeed surprising, fioidiets should be practised in
the u^e of ihein. They soon become easy to the hand ; the
aim you wMi to draw can be easily caught; and when placed
in the haiidf,o! tho.-e who understand the pioper use of them',
they are unquestionably the most foi midable wennon ever
i^ed in battle, f therefore concui fully in the opinion that
Uuy can be used with the same advantage by the regular as
volunteer foiccs."
There are scores of other letters from officers of
the army and navy, but 1 will hot read any more
of them. This is nut an increaseof appropriation,
but simply a reservation in the appropriation al-
ready made of one hundred thousand dollars to
purchase the arms referred to'.
Mr. KING. I have no doubt that these arms
will be very serviceable, as they have already
proved efficient in their use. I am not disposed to
throw any obstacle in the way of their purchase;
but why make it binding upon the Secretary that
he shall purchase these arms? Would it not be
better to leave the purchase to his option? Be-
cause, if he does not think their purchase neces-
sary, there will be only an appropriation of some
two hundred and sixty thousand dollars, as the
one hundred thousand must be reserved. If it is
left.to his option to purchase, he can either use the j
one hundred thousand dollars for the purchase of |
these arms or not, as he thinks proper and desir- |
able. j
Mr. RUSK. I think that even in that case two
hundred and sixty thousand dollars would be suf-
ficient. The usual appropriation has been for two
hundred thousand dollars per annum. It is now
three hundred and sixty thousand dollars, though !
in more than half of the States the arms furnished
have not been used at all.
The amendment was agreed to.
No furthef amendments being offered, the bill
was reported to the Senate.
The question being on concurring in the amend-
ments—
Mr. ATHERTON said: I desire that the ques-
tion may be taken separately upon the amendment
with reference to the discharge of the corps of sap-
pers and miners that have served in Mexico, and
that the question be postponed for the present,
for the reason that the chairman of the Military
Committee is not in his place—necessarily detained
away—he having some objections to the bill. Be-
sides, the chairman of the Military Committee has,
by direction of that committee, one or two amend-
ments to offer to this bill. I trust, therefore, that
by general consent the bill will 15e laid aside and
the naval appropriation bill taken up. I have no
objection, however, to concurring in the other
amendments before it is laid aside.
The question being taken upon concurring in all
the amendments, except that relating to the dis-
charge of the corps of sappers and miners, they
were concurred in.
Mr. JONES offered an amendment providing
that the Sccrctary of the Treasury should reim-
burse  for damages sustained by him in con-
sequence of the seizure of his property while going
from Santa Fe to Chihuahua, &e., in conformity
with orders from officers of the Government.
Mr. BRADBURY. I hope the Senate will dis-
pose of this amendment at once. It is a private
claim, and cannot fail to give rise to debate. It
was imperfectly discussed a few days ago, and
passed the Senate by a small majority. I trust the
time of the Senate will not be consumed in loading
appropriation billswith private claims, even if their
merit is unquestionable, but especially when of so
doubtful a character as the one presented in the
amendment of the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. .TONES. This amendment, as a separate
bill, was passed the other day by the Senate, and
is now in the House awaiting their action. It is"
brought forward from the presumption that it can-
not pass the House at this session, unless it is
embraced in an appropriation bill.
Mr. ATHERTON. It seems to me that the
difficulties thrown in the way of the passage of the
appropriation bills instead of diminishing, are in-
creasing. We have refused again and again to
insert private claims in these bills; and I trust the
Senate will not depart from this principle. Perhaps
the House may not be willing to agree to this bill,
and are about to decide against this claim; and this
may be an attempt to force it .upon the considera-
tion of the House, so that it may be passed in the
appropriation bill.
Mr. FOOTE was here understood to remark that
he should be compelled to vote against the inser-
tion of this claim in the appropriation bill.
Mr. JONES, in deference to the wishes of Sen-
ators, withdrew his amendment.
Mr. ATHERTON. 1 now offer an amendment
reported by the Committee on Military Affairs,
and in pursuance of the recommendation of the
War Department. This estimate was in the
army appropriation bill of last year, and would
have passed the Senate but for a suggestion of the
Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cameron,] who
understood that there was some difficulty about
the title of the land on which it was proposed to
erect an arsenal at Franklin, Pennsylvania. He
very properly-suggested the difficulty, it being in
his own State, and, upon his motion, it was stricken
out. The matter has been inquired into, and the
title to the land has been found to be valid.
The amendment was then read. It provided
that twenty thousand dollars should be appropria-
ted for the purchase of the land and erection of an
arsenal, and fifteen thousand dollars for the pur-
chase of machinery, guns, &c.
The amendment was agieed to.
Mr. DOUGLAS offered an amendment provi-
ding that the State of Illinois should be reimbursed
the sum of five hundred and three dollars for
moneys paid for recruiting and organizing the first
and second regiments of Illinois volunteeis for the
Mexican war.
The amendment was agreed to.
Upon the motion of Mr. ATHERTON, the fur-
ther consideration of the bMl was postponed until
to-morrow.
HOUSE BILLS.
The bill making appropriations for taking the
seventh census was read a first and second time by
