1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
its title, and referred to the Select Committee on
the Census.
The bill to provide for the settlement of the ac-
counts of public officers and others who may have
received moneys arising from military contribu-
tions or otherwise in Mexico, was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
The bill for the relief of Stoughton A. Fletcher
was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
The bill authorizing the Secretary of the Senate
and Clerk of the House of Representatives to sub-
scribe for one thousand copies of a further publica-
tion of the debates and proceedings of Congress,
and for other purposes, was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the Li-
brary.
REPORT OF COMMISSIONER OF PATENTS.
On motion of Mr. WESTCOTT, it was ordered
that the same number of the annual report of the
Commissioner of Patents received during this ses-
sion, as were ordered to be printed by the Senate
at its last session, be printed for the use of the
Senate.
TERRITORY OF MINESOTA.
The bill to establish the Territorial' Government
of Minesota having been returned from the Mouse
of Representatives with several amendments, the
Senate proceeded to the consideration of the same.
Mr. DOUGLAS said that the Committee on
Territories had directed him to recommend a con-
currence in all the amendments except the last,
and that the last amendment be non-concurred in.
A Senator. What is the last amendment?
Mr. DOUGLAS. It provides that the bill shall
take effect from the 10th of March next.
The question being taken upon the amendments
upon which the committee had reported favorably,
they weie concurred in.
The question then recurred upon non-concurring
in the last amendment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I trust that this motion will
be adopted by the Senate. The bid, as it went
to the House, provided that it should take effect
immediately after its passage. The House have
added this amendment, postponing the operation
of the bill until the 10th of March next, i hope
the amendment will be non-concurred in.
Mr. WALKER. It is very important that we
do something for Minesota immediately, and 1
hope, therefore, that we shall pass this bill at oncc.
The House may have been unnecessarily careful
in fixing the time when this bill shall go into effect;
but as the bill will have to go back to the House if
the last amendment is non-concurred in, and there
may some difficulty arise in consequence, I trust
that we will not further delay the bill, but pass it
at once. It is only because of my locality that I
say«anything on this question, or urge any action
winch the SenUor from Illinois, who has so effi-
ciently and faithfully applied himself to this sub-
ject, is opposed to.
Mc- DAVIS, of Massachusetts. This appears
to me rather a trifling matter. The difference is
simply that the bill shall take effect on the lOih
instead of the 3d of March, a difference of a week
only. I hope the Senate will concur in the amend-
ment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator overlooks the
fact that in the first part of the bill it is provided
that it shall take effect immediately after its pas-
sage, while this amendment postpones its oper-
ation until the 10th of March. There is an incon-
gruity m the bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I move that the further consid-
eration of the bill be postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I hope this postponement will
not be made. If the amendment is non-concurred
in, there will be time enough for the bill to go to
the House and be acted on there. 1 cannot be-
lieve that this point is to be surrendered by us.
Mr. President, I may as well come to the point at
once. The insertion of this amendment by the
House makes it apparent that they are unwilling
that the officers to be appointed for the govern-
ment of this Territory shall be appointed by the :
present Executive while in office. Sir, I am un-
willing to pass this vote of censure—for concur-
ring in this amendment can be called nothing else
-®-by a Democratic Senate. I am unwilling that a
Democratic Senate shall say by law that the present !
63£
Executive shall not make appointments while in
office, in brief, I am totally opposed to the pas-
sage of this amendment by a Democratic Senate,
when its sole object is to obtain the spoils of office.
There is no other motive for this change in the
time when the bill shall go intro operation than the
spoils-, it was made solely with reference to the
spoils. The Whig party are not willing even to
wait until their Administration shall come m to
appoint Whig officers, but they must send bills
here from the House of Representatives, at this
present time, with provisoes added, stating that the
present Executive shall not exeicise the power
granted to him, so as to afford their own Execu-
tive the opportunity of exercising that power. Al-
ready have they begun to ask us to double the
salaiies of foreign ministers—to create new con-
sulships—and to organize a new Home Depart-
ment, with all its train of new officers; and now
they ask us to pass, in effect, a vote of censure
upon the present Executive. If this bill is passed
in its present form, it will in reality be a vote of
censure upon the President of the United States";
and it appears that the Whig party will not be sat-
isfied unless it is done. Sir, I wish to see a test
I vote upon the question, and 1 therefore ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas arid nays were ordered.
Mr.WALKER. I disclaim anymtention of that
character m my remarks upon the amendment.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Illinois reads us a lecture, saying that
we are influenced by a desire for the spoils of the
country in pur legislation, and that this measure
is destined to be tiie evidence of such an intention.
Now, 1 wish to put it to that gentleman and Ins ;
political associates, whether, upon the occasion '
when a distinguished gentleman from Kentucky;
was nominated for a judgeship, than whom there !
is none more accomplished, they did not refuse, 1
on the doctrine of spoils, to concur in that nomi-
nation ? Sir, 1 want to show who gave the exam- i
pie?
Mr. DOWNS. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Sir, I could bring home
examples to the gentleman, and he must be con-
scious of it, but for the injunction of secrecy, which
would come much nigher; but as my tongue is tied,
1 will not violate the rules of order. 1 give you
that, sir, to show that this doctrine did not begin
with us.
Now, Mr. President, I wish it understood that
I have always been against the doctrine of spoils,
and expect to die against it; but 1 am not willing
to have a lecture read to me by gentlemen who
have practised on that principle, and who, when
they find that the cup is to be applied to their own
hps, try to fix it on the Whig party, and attribute
it to sinister motives. Mr. President, 1 have said j
that 1 have always been against the doctrine of the j
spoils, and that I expect to tiie against it. Sir, I i
laid on your table the other day a proposed amend- j
ment to the Constitution of the United States in j
which I hoped, with the aid and assistance of the j
two branches of Congress and the States, ultimately '
to put an end to this doctrine, which 1 believe is [l
sapping the foundations of the republic, and which,
if permitted to be carried out, according to former
practices, will be almost sure to work the overturn
of the Government. Sir, we will wee, if I live to
bring it up, who will vote tor it and who will not.
Sir, it is a practice (hat must be lesistcd.
Now, when I have avowed this hostility to the
practice, and when I have notified you of my de-
sign to do all I can to change it, I am not willing to
sit by and hear gentlemen upbiaid the Whig party
for taking a step to secure the spoils, when they
themselves have been the very gentlemen w ho have
introduced it in the country, and have practised on
it twenty years. Sir, 1 admit that we have spoils-
men in our party, as m all paities, and regret that
there may be many of them assembled here at this
paiticular juncture. But gentlemen on the other
side are tiie last men in the world to use language
of this kind to us, by way of reproach, when their
own acts have shovvn that they are tuo greedy, too
much disposed to legislate for their friends. That
act, to which I have referred, in the case of Mr.
Crittenden, the journal of which has been published,
is as good as a thousand to show that the doctrine
of those who were engaged in it was to get every-
thing for themselves.
Mr. President, 1 have niade these remarks, as I
felt bound to do, and shall feel bound to do, on
any occasion when a lecture is read to us of this
kind, coming; from an improper source.
Mr. DOUGLAS. In regard to the case of Mr,
Chittenden, it is not a parallel one, because no
changes wefe proposed in a law for the sake of the
spoils. Again, a political Administration coming
m did not call on Senators to stultify themselves
for that purpose; but this had been reported upon
in this form at the session before the last, and it
has been changed now, because a change in the
Presidential office creates a change in the minds of
certain gentlemen belonging to one of the par-ties
of the country. We Democrats say we will not
change our legislation with reference to spoils one
way or the other. We will go on and pass bills
-as we did; and yet, in doing this, we are to be
charged in Congress with acting in reference to the
spoils. But these very gentlemen who have said
that this legislation was right when we were in
power now say it is wrong. As the Senator from
Kentucky says he is not disposed to vote for spoils,
I call on him to vote for this bill, in the shape in
which it was when both parties agreed it was right.
If he vote to change, it will be for the sole purpose
to get the spoils; and we are to see whether we
are to change our legislation for no reason but for
, spoils of office. And if we aie to do it, I wish to
, know whether a Democratic Senator is to stultify
j himself to do it.
Another word more m regard to bills reported
this session. I care not if all the spoils go into the
I hands of the party coming in; but when you change
j a bill in this way, 1 am not willing to stultify the
j committee for the purpose of accommodating a
j party. This incoming party not only wish to fill
i ail the existing offices, but to create foreign minis-
| ters and charges, and to increase their salaries, so
as to make them double what they were before, in
order to fill them with creatures of their own party.
Mr, UNDERWOOD. X did not get up to read
a Iecturc to the gentleman from Illinois; but to re-
ply to the lecture which he undertook to read to us.
What did the gentleman from Massachusetts do ?
He modestly asked that this bill might lie over till
to-moriow, till he could examine it and satisfy him«
self about these inconsistences which are spoken
of. I know not whether they exist or not; it has
not been my province to look into these things;
they did not come before the committee to which
I belonged. But, when that modest request was
made, the gentleman from Illinois lectured the
Whig party, and charged them with being cormo-
rants for spoils. And, again, what does he say?
He charges the Whig patty with wishing to dou-
ble the salaries of foreign ministers, of going be-
yond all precedents in this body hitherto. I repu-
diated that charge as I did the other. What Whig
made a proposition to double the amount of these
salaries ? Did the proposition to increase the sala-
ries of the ministers to Russia and France come
from a Whig? The gentleman will not say that.
Did the information come from a Whig? It was
introduced by a Democrat from Alabama, [Mr,
King,] and even approved by a Democrat from
South Carolina, [Mr. Butler,] a friend of mine,
for whom I have the greatest esteem; and another
gentleman, [Mr. Nilf.s,] who, from his position,
I think is but half a Democrat. Now, it seems
that the gentleman is still to chaigeupon the Whig
party a disposition for"the spoils.
Air. DOUGLAS. Will the Senator allow me
to ask wheihei the sole object of this change m
this bill is not the spoils >
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I am not acquainted wilh
the bill, noi any of its provisions ; it has belonged
to none of the committees with which I have acted,
and I know not its provisions. But this measure
has come from the popular branch of Congiess,
from the Representatives of the People, and it is
customary m all legislative deliberative bodies to
fix upon a later day when an act which may be
passed shall go into operation. And in this case,
1 conceive there is great wisdom in this act. What
does the gentleman mean when he Icctuies us on
seeking the spoils? I would like to know whether
the spoils have anything to do with him.
Mr. DOUGLAS. This act is so drawn that the
first section takes effect from and after its passage.
It was made so when Whigs and Democrats agreed
to it, and none dreamed of a change in it till you
got into power; and now, since the election has
gone in your favor, you demand this change.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The gentleman has talked
about stultifying the Senate; now, 1 should have
