1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
639
a responsible commission, such as this bill pro-
posed to constitute. It was propeily an executive
opeiation. At till events, the circumstances in
which we now found ourselves seemed to admit
of no other course. He moved the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and under
its operation, the bill was ordered to be engrossed,
read a third time, and passed.
Mr. PALFREY moved to reconsider the votes
on the engrossment and on the passage, and to lay
those motions on the table; which latter motion
was agreed to.
WISCONSIN RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. DARLING- presented resolutions of the
Legislatuie of the State of Wisconsin on the sub-
ject of slavery and the slave trade; which were
laid 011 the table, and ordeied to be printed.
MINT IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. MEADE asked the House, by unanimous
consent, and that being refused, gave notice he
should move a suspension of the rules, to'take up
and now act upon the bill to establish a mint at
San Francisco. This was a very important bill,
(he said.) If gentlemen wished it to pass, it ought
now to be acted upon, and sent to the Senate.
DUTIES IN MEXICO.
Mr. TOOMBS rose to a privileged question,
and moved to lay on the table the motion made by
Mr. Vinton to reconsider the bill passed yesteiday
for the settlement of the accounts of the officeis
who collected duties in Mexico.
Mr. VINTON claimed the floor upon that mo-
tion.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman from Ohio,
having made the motion to reconsider, was entitled
to the floor, as a matter of courtesy.
After some conversation, the question was
brought before the House.
Mr. VINTON said that he desired, before the
vote was taken on the motion to reconsidcr, to say
a few woids on this subject.
He had heretofore expressed his opinion that
the duties levied upon American citizens and upon
neutrals in those ports of Mexico which were in
possession of the American army, under a tariff
enacted by the President of the United States,
were without warrant of law. The subject had
been refened to a select committee of the House,
who had mafle a repoitj and he understood that
the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] enter-
tamed the same opinion. He understood also,
although he (Mr. V.) had not had an opportunity
of seeing the report, as every moment ot his time
had been occupied, that a majority of the commit-
tee had submitted a report entertaining the same
opinion. Tneie were also, he thought, two mi-
nority reports. The report of the committee had
been laid upon the table without any action of the
House. At the same time a bill had been lepoi ted
asking that that might be done which had last
year been requested by the Executive, and upon
which the Committee of Ways and Means of this
House, upon full consideration, had though proper
not to act, because, in their opinion, to do so would
, have been a recognition of the validity of the act
of the Executive. The bill reported yesterday, it
seemed from the reading, dirccteu these moneys
to be accounted for as moneys belonging to the
treasury of the United States. The difficulty
attendant on that mode of proceeding was this;
The report of the committee iiad been laid on the.
table without any action, or the expression of any
opinion on the part of the House. Now, he de-
fared to incorporate in the bill a declaration that
its passage should not be understood as an admis-
sion on the part of the House ot the authority ot
the President to lay these duties. If that had been
done, he, (Mr. V.,) as a matter of course, would
have yielded to the bill a ready and willing assent,
because the officers who coilccted these duties
were presumed to have felt bound to obey the
directions of the Executive.
Before proceeding further, he would send to the
Clejk's table to be read an amendment winch he
desiicd to oiFcr if the \ote should be reconsideied.
The amendment was lead.
Mr. VINTON proceeded. His objection, as he
had already stated, was this: he hau no objection
to the passage ot such a bill. Pie was willing that
a law should be passed to enable these oiaeeis to
be protected for the acts they had done. ^ But he
was not willing to pass a law which, in all future
time, whenever the country might be placed m
similar circumstances, might be regarded as estab-
lishing the right of the President of the United
States, whenever war existed, to go on and make
a law regulating tariff laws and collecting duties
in such ports of the enemy as might be in posses-
sion of the American army, upon our own citizens
and upon neutrals.
We all knew that the Executive power of this
country was constantly increasing by implication,
and that whatever power was once permuted to
be exeicised without being denied by the proper
legislative authority, was considered as established
forever.
Dunng the existence of the war, (and every
gentleman on his side of the House at least had
feu the difficulty to which he was alluding,) when-
ever the President did an act which was either
unconstitutional, or the constitutionality of which
was doubtful, (it being an act the effect of which
was to injure the enemy,) if any objection was
made here against the act, on the ground of its
constitutionality, or as being an act of usurpation
on the part of the Executive, those m the opposi-
tion weie constantly met with the charge, that in
making such complaints, they gave aid and com-
fort to the enemy, that they encouragcd h.m.
Every one knew, that during a war, these objec-
tions could not be made, and that publrc opinion
could not be brought to a full consideration of
them. But now, m a time of peace, was the proper
time to leview our position, when a chaige of
giving aid and comfort to the enemy could no
longer be brought against any one. And before
these proceedings were sanctioned, it was import-
ant lo this House, as the great legislative depart-
ment of the Government, to know whether it was
setting an example, whether it was yielding a
power which couid not be recovered m all time to
come.
Suppose we should hereafter have foreign wars,
and the American army should be in possession
of the enemy's ports or country, if this power be
yielded to the Piesident m the torm in which this
bill presents it, it would be consideied as yielding,
on thejpartoi the Congress of the United States, tiie
power to legislate on the subject. What he held
was this: that when the American army was in
possession ot the poits of an enemy, the Congress
of the United Slates had t..e right to pass a tariff
of duties, to levy duties on American citizens and
neutrals and eveiy one there. He thought that, in
view of what had been done, it was one of the first
duties of Congress, it it intended to pieserve the
liberties of the country, and to protect itself against
the arbitrary power which tue Executive of the
countiy, at some future tune, (lor at this moment
there was no danger ol such a result,) when some
enterpnsmg man might be in possession of the
Executive power, to pass a law legulatmg ail these
duties and poweis on the part of the Executive. It
had never been done heietofore, because we had
never anticipated the emergency. But when we
had seen what had been done, he thought that,
instead of passing a law which, as he thought,
yielded this power forever, a provision should be
inserted that this right was not admitted.
If this bill became a law, it would stand on the
statute book. The report of the committee which
had been made, and wlucii, us he had said, had
never been acted upon, would be considered here-
after as of no authority. If the House had taken
up the report of the committee, and passed a reso-
lution asserting the 1 ightsof this House, that would
have been a different matter. But in the present
state of things, he felt sure, that if this biil became
a law, it would in all future time be consideied as
settling the question that the President ot the Uni-
ted States, when the American army was m a
• foieign countt y, might pass tariff laws, might col-
i lect money from American citizens, might pay
] these moneys out at Ins will and pleasure, might
1 raise <ymnes; in one word, might carry on war
! indepemientiy of Congiess. It would be iemem-
| bcrcu by all gentlemen that theSeeretaiy ot the
' Treasury said then that he expected to raise out of
i the pons ot iviexico, during theiiist year, at least the
1 sum of ten millions of doilais; all ut winch he ex-
pected to pay outm raising at nues, or in any mode
j that might he thought pioper. It that could be
done, oi what avail was it that the Constitution
j of the United States ga\e to Cot'giess exclusive
;; power to lay taxes, to laise armies, oi that the
'■] Constitution had said that no appiopruuion to
carry on a war should be continued for more than
two years. If the Executive possessed this power
to carry on a war independent of the action of Con-
gress whenever he could get an American army
into a foreign country, every one would see that,
if this should become a military nation, and its
power should be in the hands of an enterprising*
Executive, more might be done in this way to
overturn the liberties of the countiy than could be
accomplished by any other mode.
Mr. MEADE said: I agree with the gentleman
from Ohio, that Congress should pass a law to
regulate the duties and powers of the Executive
when engaged in a war with a foreign Power; but
in the absence of such a law, I deny that the Pres-
ident has exceeded his powers in this instance.
We have all the belligerent rights of other nations
—the power to levy contributions on the enemy is
unlimited, or to harass him in any shape. We
may sack his towns and take the lives of his peo-
ple—this is the greater power; the lesser power is
of course included: instead of forcing contribu-
tions out of a few, the conqueror may ameliorate
the calamities of war by levying an equal tax;
these duties were ultimately paid by the people of
Mexico, in a shape less onerous and more humane.
The gentleman from Ohio, in a speech made some
weeks ago, characterized this act as a pilfering
and a plundering of our own people. Sir, this tax
was voluntary on the part of the American citizen;
he considered it a benefit to him to be allowed to
enter with his goods the blockaded pons of Mex-
ico; when he started with them, he knew he would
have to pay the duty, he made a profit from them,
and it is the first instance I ever heard of, where
the plunder of one was not only invited by him,
but resulted in a positive benefit. Had these im-
ports been admitted free of duty, they might have
been seized as any other Mexican property, and
converted to the use of the army. The plan adopted
by the Executive supplied his army and injured
no one. Had the conceded power been resorted
to, the contributions would have been less, and in-
dividual suffering greater.
But what are the rights and powers of our
Executive in time of war? Except where re-
strained by law or the Constitution, they are the
same as the Executive of any other nation. What
any other conqueror, under the law of natious,
may do, as incident to the war, we, through our
Executive, may also do. Itis admitted that Con-
gress couid confer this power on the President; for
it is one which belongs to all nations at war. The
power to levy contributions is an Executive power,
the mode is in the discretion of the conqueror.
That mode may be, but has not been prescribed
by Congress. In the absence of legislation or
restriction, the Executive is left with all those
powers which, by the law of nations, appertain to
the Executive of other Powers." The President,
therefore, has not exceeded his authority.
The gentleman from Ohio apprehends an abuse
of this power in some future war of invasion. His
fears are unfounded. Congress has control of the
army; it may refuse supplies: it can disband the
army or order it home. While I might vote for a
bill to restrict the powers of the Executive and
prescribe his duties, yet I .doubt whether the power
to raise contributions from the enemy, and thus
charge him with the expenses of the war, can be
wisely limited. The modes are so vatious, to
prescribe them might deprive the Executive of the
mode which the exigency of the occasion might
make indispensable. For these and other reasons
I shall vote against the motion to reconsider.
Mr. TOOMBS said that he did not differ from
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] in the
principle he had assumed. The committee to
whom the message of the President of the United
States had been referred, had declared that the au-
thority assumed by him to levy duties and disburse
money was not warranted by the Constitution or
laws, but was in derogation of both.
At the same time the committee agreed (unan-
imously, Mr. T. was understood to say) that it
would be proper to leport this biil, which pro\ ided
for the settlement of the accounts of the officers
who received the moneys thus illegally raised;
and also, and what was far more important, to
authorize the Government to refund certain cor-
tributions which the Government itself believed to
have been illegal.
A majority of the committee had concurred in
the report. A minority of the commute# dis-
