THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT.THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES..
30th Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, MARCH 3, 1849.
skillful attorneys who had always been iff their
employment could object to, it had been resisted
by them, and implications of every kind had been
cast upon the United States. So that, after thirteen
years of the progress of this settlement, we seemed
to be further from any conclusion of it than ever.
They began with an engagement on the part of the
United States to pay them five 'millions of dollars;
and now, including the present appropriation,
there had been paid to them, upon claims founded
upon implications of one sort or another, the sum
of eight and a half millions of dollars; and he
found, also, that they had still lying back other
- claims, by which they expected to get some two
or three millions more.
The treaty of which he had spoken made it the
duty of the United States to pay what should ap-
pear to "be due to the Indians, after a just and fair
settlement. When, then, was this debt to become
due? As a matter of course, whenever the settle-
ment should be made: that was the time when the
money would become payable. The amendment
of the Senate was a proposition to appropriate
twelve hundred and thirty-one thousand dollars,
without saying anything about a final settlement,
allowing1 that consideration to pass over. But the
Committee of Ways and Means—thinking he was
a pretty good paymaster who paid when the debt
became due—struck'out the amendment of the
Senate, and proposed to appropriate the same sum,
to be paid (or so much of it as should be found
due) to the Indians upon a just settlement of the
whole matter. And in order that the proceeding
might be binding, it was provided in the amend-
ment that the President of theUnited States should
direct one or more of .the officers in one of the ex-
ecutive departments, to take the management of
the settlement with the Indians, so as to bring it
under the supervisory control of one of the heads
of the departments; and that all allowances thus
made, with the consent of the head of the proper
department of this Government, should be binding
on the part of the United States yand also on the
part of the Indians, to be represented also by their
duly-authorized agent;, and that such settlement
shall be conclusive of the whole matter. Such
was the principle o? the amendment; and it was
provided that the money should be paid ss soon
as the amount of the debt might be ascertained.
That, as he thought, was all that could be reason-
ably expected of the most willing debtor. But as
he perceived that the committee were not disposed
to -listen further to this branch of the 'case, he
would pass it.
Another important provision of the amendment
was this: it proposed, in case of emergency, to
authorize the President of the United States to
issue treasury notes to an amount not exceeding
five millions of dollars, with power to reissue from
the present time till the close of the next session
of Congress: that was to say, it proposed' to re-
vive a part of the act of 1846, which was passed
in anticipation of a similar emergency, and which
conferred on the President authority to issue treas-
ury notes to the amount of ten millions, or take
up a loan to that amount. The necessity of this
provision arose from two or three causes. But as
he found the committee were not disposed to listen,
he would not discuss them,
Mr/ATKINSON now took the floor, and spoke
an hour; in which he contemplated the state of
the Union generally, and especially the question of
slavery in the territories, and its effects upon the
general welfare. [This speech will be found in the
Appendix.]
When Mr. ATKINSON had concluded—
The CHAIRMAN announced the termination
of debate, by previous order of the House; and the
committee proceeded to the vote. „ j
The Senate amendment, and the amendment
thereto by the Committee of Ways and Means,
were then read by the Clerk.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, proposed to
amend the amendment by the Committee of Ways
and Means, by adding the following words:
And also to include all claims whatsoever of the Chero-
kee nation under the 11th article of said treaty.
41
Mr. T. (under the five minutes rule^ supported
his amendment by remarks in which ne was un-
derstood to express his desire to act liberally to-
wards the Indians in this matter, and to concur in
the determination of the Committee of Ways and
Means, as expressed by the honorable chairman,
to make the*settlement final and binding upon this
Government, as well as upon the Irjdians,
Mr. STEPHENS (by consent) desired merely
to state his entire concurrence in the views of the
gentleman from Mississippi as to the final adjust-
ment of the difficulty, and to express his hope that
the- amendment would be adopted.
Mr. BRODHEAD submitted an inquiry in rela-
tion to the proper construction of the 11th article
of the treaty requiring certain questions to be sub-
! mitted to the Senate.
| * P*dr. STEPHENS replied, that was a matter
i which the Indians could waive whenever it pleased
I them; and if they did so, we need not object. He
; we s in favor of a final settlement.
Mr. BRODHEAD. So am I.
Mr. STEPHENS (continuing) said that great
injustice had been done to these Indians, he had
no doubt.
The amendment to the amendment was^then
adopted.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, prpposed to
amend the amendment of the Committee of Ways
and Means by adding thereto the following:
Provided, That all contracts entered into by the delegations
repie enting the Old Settle?* in their collective capacity,
for tile purpose of prosecuting their claim against the United
Stares, shall be examined and adjudicated by ths Secretary
of War; and where the proofs are satisfactory that such
contracts were faniy made with the knowledge and oppio-
balion of the Old Seitleis aforesaid, and confirmed by their
duiy authorized representatives who signed the treaty of
August 6, 1*46, and that the service or other assistance
required by said contracts were faithfully and "successfully
renc'eied, then they Shalt be allowed and paid out ot the
money appropriated to cany said treaty into effect. Pro-
vided, also, Tnat claims held by individuals against the Old
Settler Onerokees for clothim;. subsistence, or money ad-
vances, which shall be referred to a general council of said
Old Settlers, to bo convened by the agent after due notice,
shall be paid, if passed upon and allowed by them, out of
such moneys as shall be due them.
Mr. JOHNSON (in explanation) wished to say,
that we had now in this city about the third or fourth
delegation from these Indians, which had come here
insisting upon the very points embiaced in his
amendment. They desired not only to ewnce their
determination to adjust their difficulty with theUni-
ted States upon the principles of justice and hon-
esty, but also to show that they had acted the part
of honest people towards all those to whom they
had become indebted. The provisions of the biii,
without his proposition, would put their money into
such a position that their debts could not be paid,
and thus would be brought upon them the impu-
tation of dishonesty. He rehearsed the provisions
of his amendment, and uiged with much earnest-
ness the justice of the latter class of claims wkich it
contemplates. He spoke also of the earnest desire
that they should be paid, on*the part of the Indians
themselves, they having three times passed a reso-
lution in council to that effect. ■
Mr. VINTON said it was required by the treaty
that the United States should pay the money di-
rectly to tiie Indians themselves per capita, and
was proceeding, when—
The CHAIRMAN arrested his remarks, as in
violation of the order of the House.
The question was then taken upon Mr. John-
son's amendment, and it was rejcctcd.
Mr. WHITE then proposed to amend the amend-
ment of the Committee of Ways and Means, by
striking out all after the word 44 Hidalgo," and
inserting the following:
That the Pie=u!ent of the United Prate*, if. m hi? opinion,
it shall bo the mtciei-t of the United Slates so to do, m <y
bortow, on eieditof the United States, the s'lui ol
and i-s-sup thereupon stock of the Umied States for the -urn
thus boirowed, m the same form and under the same restric-
tions, limitations, and provisions as are contained in the cet
of Conines?, appioved 21st July, 18)1; and such Joan shall be
made leiinhnrsable at such tune, within twenty years Horn
the pa^a^o of this act, a* the President may prescubc; arid
the psoceeds ot said loan may be applied to such payment*
as the exigencies of the Government may require ; and the
sum of fifteen thousand dollars is heieby appropriated, out
of any"money in the treasury not otherwise appropriated,
New Series- No. 41.
for the purposfe of defraying the expense? of negotiating the
above Joan, in the «ame manner as provided in the act ap-
proved 21st July, 1841.
Mr. WHITE said he h d never yet been able
to learn the necessity or propriety of this Govern-
ment resorting to the issue of treasury notes. If
there should be a necessity for such a thing, it
struck him as more appropriate for the Govern-
ment (as it would be for an individual) to resort
to a loan directly. We never should be able to
know the exact amount of the indebtedness of the
Government, so long as we permitted the issue of
these promises to pay. He'hoped that whatever
sum might be necessary for the defi'Men^y of the
coming year, the Government would be authorized
to borrow it.
Mr. VINTON hoped the proposition would not
be adopted.
And the question being taken thereon, it was
rejected.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, proposed
to amend the amendment by adding the following:
ProriucJ, ra/so. That claims held by individuals ncainst the
Oil! Settler Oherokees, (or clothing, Mib.-isience, money, or
advances which shall be referred to aqeneral council ot
Old Settler*, to he convened by the ?gej t after due notice,
shall he paid, if p.wed upon and allowed by them, out of
such money? as shall be due thein.
Mr. THOMPSON supported his amendment in
a few remarks which were not hoard by the re-
porter.
Mr. VINTON said he would be g^ad ofxaa op-
portunity to say a word upon this amendment.
Mr. THOMPSON, to afford that opportunity,
i said he would withdraw his amendment, if the
gentleman from Ohio would renew it.
Mr. VINTON renewed the amendment, (pro '
forma,) and said, if he could get the ear of the com-
mittee for a few moments, he thought he might be
able to satisfy them, that, if this payment were
made upon the amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, we should be obliged to pay it over
again. By the terms of the treaty, theUnited Ststes
were bound to pay this money to the Indians, dis-
tributing it among them individually. From time
to time, for ten or fifteen years past, these Indians
had had their agents employed to prosecute these
claims against the United States. Amos Kendall,
formerly Postmaster General, was one of these, and
his papers were here, showing that he had entered
into a contract with these Indians stipulating that
he wonld prosecute these claims for them, and if
he succeeded he was to receive five per cent, of the
whole amount they were to receive: and jf the
claim did not succeed, hq was to receive nothing—
a mere champerty contract, upon which, when
the claim should ccme to be paid, if it were to
be paid, a^ the gentleman's amendment would
provide, the said Amos Kendall wonld receive one
hundred and fifty thousand dollars in fees, instead
of standing m the case, as he ought to stand, indict-
! able for fraud, he or any other officer of the Grovern-
| ment taking such advantage of ins position against
j the Indians. Upon looking over the argument of
; Mr. Kendall himself, he found that sixty thousand
j dollars had been pa:d by the Indians aheady for*
: fees of counsel in this cns-H. These agents had
! made their contract with the Indians. That was
; their matter. We had nothing to do with it; But
j if we poid any psrt of this money over to Amos
! Kendal), or any other of these ngents, we should
| have to pay it asram, cs we had already done, in
i former case?.' Atthe very iast session of Congress
| we paid nionev in this way, which was now brought
j in as an unpaid item of the present claim. ^ These
j pgents hdd made then contracts with the Indians.
■ Let them lock to the Indians for their p<y.
j Mr. V.'withdrew the amendment at the instance
I'of—
I Mr. JOHNSON: of Arkansas, who renewed it,
I to enable him to reply to the gentleman from Ohio.
! What he had heard from thot gentleman consa-
| tuted his opinion merely. He had no douht that
| the gentleman intended to do exactly v.hat was
j right! But the fact was, tiie gentleman kncwnoih-
j at all about the character of the gieater por-
tion of those claims against the Indians, nor was
it possible for him "to understand their nature
