642
THE- CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
fully unless he were well acquainted with the In-
dian history. This amendment provided that these
people—the Indians—should meet in council, to
consider all claims against them, and determine
what portion of them were just and ought to be
paid. He stated the circumstances under which
these debts, to which he most particularly referred,
were contracted. They were - contracted some
years ago, whfen ^the Indians were thrown out of
th.eir former homes without the means of subsist-
ence, for money advanced to them for clothing,
and the means of subsistence generally. More-
aver, he insisted that these Indians wanted -to pay
their debts; and, their intentions in the case being
honest, should not Congress permit them to act
the honest part? - He asked that the amendment
im^ht be read again, and hoped that gentlemen
would hear it. . '
-Mr. J. withdrew the amendment for—
Mr. POLLOCK, who renewed it, to enable him
to say one word, tie was perfectly willing that
agents should he employed by these Indians, and
that they should be fully paid. But he objected
to the amendment, because of the fact, that by act
of Congress, we could not contravene a treaty pro-
vision. We were bound by the treaty to pay t£ie
money to the Indians per capita. This objection
\vas unanswerable. We could not-relieve our-
selves from the obligation to pay to the Indians
individually. Such a thing would require Jhe con-
Bent of every member of the tribe. The impres-
sion had gone abroad, that by our legislation in
pursuance of this treaty, we prohibited the Indians
from paying their agents. But such was by no
means the fact. We simply provided that the
money should be paid to the Indians, leaving their j
creditors to their recourse upon the Indians. We I
did nothing to prevent the Indians from paying '
their debts; but, on the contrary, we gave them I
the money which would enable them to pay. It j
was only leaving these Indian creditors to the j
trouble of talcing carc of themselves.
~ Mr. BOYD callcd for the reading of the amend- [
ment.
The amendment was again read by the Clerk.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas,• called for tellers
upon the question.
But tellers were nofordered,
The amendment to the amendment was then
rejected. -
The question now recurred on the adoption of
the amendment reported by the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, proposed
JLo amend the amendment, by striking out the word
" five," and inserting the word " seven," so as to
authorise the President to issue seven millions of
treasury notes. He then went into a statement of
figur.es, to show that the deficicncy in the appro-
priations for the ensuing financial year would be
larger than had yet appeared from the estimates.
His amendment was rejected.
The question then recuried on the amendment
proposed by the Committee of Way?, and Means.
Mr. THOMPSOJN, of Mississippi, moved an
amendment.
Mr. T. briefly explained the amendment,
Mr. STEPHENS briefly opposed it.
Some conversation followed between Messrs.
STEPHENS, THOMPSON, and JOHNSON, of
# Arkansas. .
The amendment was then rejected.
And the question again recurred on the amend-
ment reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. ATKINSON called for the reading of the
amendment, and it was again read.
Mr. McKAY called for a division of the ques-
tion. He asked that a separate vote might be taken
on that part of the amendment which related to
appropriations for the Indians, and a separate vote
on that branch wfrieh'gave authority to issue treas-
ury notes.
Mr. THOMPSON moved to strike out all that
pait of the amendment which gave authority to
issue treasury notes.
He had made this motion (he said) for the pur-
pose of asking the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means how it was that he arrived at
the sum of five millions of dollars. He (Mr. T.)
supposed there would be a balance, instead of a
deficiency in the revenue.
Mr. VINTON said he had in his hand a letter
from the Secretary of the Treasury, in which it
was recommended that provision be made for any
contingency that might happen. . If he could have
got the ear of the committee this morning, he
would have made explanations on .this point.
The letter was read.
Mr. THOMPSON said, on hearing the .letter
read, he persisted in his motion to strikeout all
that part of the amendment which gave authority
4.0 issue treasury notes. ' -
But Mr. T. withdrew hiswiotion, at the request
of—
Mr. VINTON, whoTenewed it, and made some
further explanation.
' Mr. HALL, of Missouri, renewing the amend-
ment pro fortya, said a few words especially in
opposition to the loan of five millions.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, on a pro
! forma amendment, replied to some of the remarks
' of Mr. Hall.
! The question was then taken on the amendment
j of Mr. Thompson, of M ississippi, striking out all
! that part of the amendment which related to treas-
| ury notes.
j Tellers (Messrs. Pollock and Thompson of
Mississippi) were appointed, and t,he vote stood—
ayes 50, noes 60.
So the^ amend ment was rejected.
The question again recurred on the amendment
of the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, (on a pro
forma amendment,) made a few remarks on the
amendment of the committee, and in opposition
thereto.
The question was then taken, and by ayes 73,
noes 40, the amendment was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the committee
rose and reported the bill and amendments to the
House.
A message was received from the Senate inform-
| mg the House that that body had passed a joint
resolution suspending the sixteenth joint rule of the
two Houses, so far as to allow the transmission
of bills passed this day.
The House concurred in the resolution.
The hour of half past three having arrived, the
House took a recess until six o'clock.
EVENING "SESSION.
The Speaker took the chair, and called the
House to order at six o'clock.
Mr. DIXON moved to reconsider thevote of yes-
terday, permitting Mr. Lord to submit a minority
report on the subject of the inhalation of vapor or
gas to destroy pain in surgical operations.
Mr. D., in support of his motion, said that he
had adopted this mode of bringing the subject be-
fore the House, because it was too late to present
to the Select Committee on the subject the facts
which he was now able to lay before the House.
That committee had reported before the represent-
atives of Dr. Wells, the real discoverer, had- an
opportunity to be heard. The committee had act-
ed on the subject with the intention of hearing all
interested,and eliciting truth; but Dr. Wells being
dead, his representatives did not appear in season to
be heard. Mr. D. therefore asked the permission
of the House to say a few words at this late st?ige
of the session, in favor of the claims of Dr. Wells
to the merit of havin^orjginated this great discov-
ery. He would not ask a moment of the valuable
time of the House at this time, were he not im-
pelled to do so by what he considered an impera-
tive duly. He wished to do justice to the memory
of Dr. Wells, and he therefore asked that a letter
Aom a distinguished physician and surgeon, Dr.
Marcy of Hartford, Connecticut, to himself, might
be read to the House; which he sent to the Clerk
for that purpose.
Mr. L). then proceeded to say that his object
was to protest against any conclusion which might
have been drawn from the fact that the represent-
atives of Dr. Wells did not appear before the com-
mittee. In his belief, founded on the statements
of Dr. Marcy, Dr. Wells was the real discoverer,
and this, it appears, was the opinion of the "Pa-
risian Medical Society," at the head of which was
the celebiated Ricord That society, as he was
informed by Dr. Marcy fully investigated the sub-
ject, heard the claims of Dr. Jackson, Dr. Morton,
and Dr. Wells, and finally decided in favor of the
latter, and awarded to him the prize customarily
given to discoverers, and voted him (Dr. Wells)
an honorary member of their body.
Believing, therefore, that neither Dr. Jackson nor
Dr. Morton -were entitled to be declared the dis-
coverer of the use of the agent referred to, (Mr. D.
said,) he had thus briefly presented theclaimsof Dr.
Wells, (as given in the letter of Dr. Marcy,) and
should, if he found it necessary or desirable, take
occasion hereafter to write out more fully the re-
marks which his desire not to waste the valuable
Ume of the House m a debate which could have
no practical result, had induced him' tx> bring to an
immediate close. Unless some gentleman wished
to reply to what he had said, he would withdraw
his motion to reconsider.
Mr. EDWARDS, by leave, made a brief ex-
planation in defence of the action of the Select
Committee on the subject.
Mr. WHITE stated, that when the Patent
Office report was presented to the House, there
was an omission to move the printing of the usual
number. He now asked the general consent to
make that motion.
No objection'being made, the motion was? re-
ceived and agreed to.
, INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL."
The House resumed the consideration of the
amendments to the Indian appropriation bill.
The action of the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union upon all the amendments,
except the following, was concurred in:
The ninth amendment of the Senate was read
as follows: *
For compensation to an agent and two interpreters for
"the Indian tribes of Texas, in addition to former appropria-
tions fortius object, three thousand dollars.
The following amendment thereto, reported from
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, was read and agreed to, viz:
Forsurvejing thfi northern and western boundaiy lines
of the country now owned by the,Creek Indians, fifteen
thousand dollars.
The question recurred on concurring with the
Senate in their said ninth amendment as amended,
and being put, it was decided in the affirmative.
So said ninth amendment was concurred in.
The tenth and last amendment of the Senate
was then read, as follows:
For carrying into effect the treaty of 6th August, 1846, with
the Cherokees in addition to the sums heretoloie appiopna-
ted, the further sum o('£l,231,424 75; that is to say, the bum
of $586,398 46 to carry into effect the provisions of ihe fourth
and filth articles of the treaty of 6th Auirust, 1846, with the
Cherokees; and the sum of $645,026 29 to carry into eifect
the ninth article of the said treaty with the Cherokees.
[To this amendment o£ the Senate, the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union reported
an amendment: which see above.]
The question being on concurring in the action
of the committee upon the amendment reported
from the Committee of Ways and Means in rela-
tion to the settlement of the Cherokee claims, and
to "the issuing of treasury notes—(see morning's
proceedings.)
Mr. BRODHEAD called for a division of the
question, su as to take a separate vote upon the
clause.relative to the issue of treasury notes.
Mr. VINTON made the point that the amend-
ment was not divisible.
The SPEAKER decided that the question was
not divisible. The amendment reported from the
Committee of the Whole must be acted upon as
one amendment.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, asked a separate vote
upon this amendment.
Mr. BRODHEAD appealed from the decision,
that the amendment could not be divided.
The question was taken on the appeal, and the
decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. PHELPS asked the yeas and nays upon
concurrence in the adoption of the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being,
taken, were—yeas 64, nays 73—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ashman, Barringer, Blackmar, Boydeji,
Brady, Buckner, Caubv, Conger, Cianston, Cnsfkld, Crow-
ell, Cro/.ier, Dickey, Dixon, Duer, Gainett Duncan, Eckert,
Edwards, Nathan Evans, FieecHey, Fultop, Gaines, Gentry,
Grddirigs, Gott, Greeley, GimnUI, Halo, Nathan K. Hall,
Mo es Hampton, Henry, Hudson., Daniel P. King, Ltrvm,
Maclay, Mcllvainc, Horace Mann, Mars-h, Marvin, More-
head, Nel>on, Newell, Outlaw,. Palfrey, Polfncft, Preston,
Eutnarn, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Root, "Ramsey,
St. Jonn, Shepperd, SDerrill, Caleb B. Smith, Tiunian
Smith, Anditw Stewart, Strohm, Taj lor, Thibodaux,
Tompkins, Vinton, Wan en, and Wentworth—64.
NAYS—Messrs. Atkinson, Bingham, Binlsatl, Bocock,
Bowdon, Bovvlin, Bojd, Bridges, Brodheatl, Franklin Clark,
Howell Oobh, Williamson W. Cobb, Cummins^ Daniel,
Edsall, Einbree, Faran, Featherston, Fickhn, Flench, Go -
gin, Green, Wtllard P.Hall, Hammons, Haralson, Hairis,
Ilenley, Hill, George S. Houston, Inge, ChaiJes J. ingersotl,
Iver.-on, Jameson, Jenkins, Robert w. Johnson, Georga
