tm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March- 2,
<Iebatft, and witfe a tfuicfe sense of public Iionor,to be subject
* to entire repression by the stiictest rules of order. They
sre, indeed, rare, passing over fhe sceae' Irke flashes which
do but startfe, and then cease, and which serve only to ex-
hibit in stronger relief the grave decorum of its general
cojitfaet. Long, forever, may this character be maintained
Jn the Senate, strengthening, as it cannot fait to strengthen,
the attachment, of the American people to their adimrable
constitution of government.
You win, If rust, partfem me if I protract, for an instant,
these - parting words, in order to titter one or "two senti-
ments, derived solely-from my position as an agent of the
aation.
A right to vote upon any question pending before this
Irody, when its members are equally divided, is given to the
"Vice President by the Constitution^ and the duty to exercise
that right is imposed upon hirh By an e.xpress°rute of the
Senate.
Although it so happened that equal divisions have oc-*
curred, during my official term, with unusual frequency—
not less thaM thirty times—arid although no one can be m-'
sensible to the signal responsibility of giving to this or the
other scale, on such contingencies, the final preponderance,
I ain not aware of having faltered in casting my suffrage as,
in my conscience, I believe the people of the United States,
and especially th.it v.ibt majoirly of them whose judgments
and affections cimg with evcr-rcncwing conviction and de-
votion to the harmony and duration of the Union, would
have prescribed. Of the caidinal duties of American func-
tionaries, I have 'deemed that to be the foremost Winch'
consists in practically upholding and exemplifying the be-
neficence, independent social organization, equality, and
fraternity, so distinctly and dircctly inculcated in the Con-
stitution., Nor, Senators, is any man fit to participate in the
government of great societies, with elements combined as
ours are, who hesitates about disobliging tbe few who have
access to or surround him, foi the sake of the many whom
he can never see. In these reflections lies the simple and
safe rule of truly patriotic action. I jun far from the self-
flattery of supposing that tbe deciding votes so often, and
sometimes so suddenly, required at my hands, conformed
uneiringly to this rule; but I cannot repiess'tbe hope that
time and trial vviJl prove them to have been as positively
right as i am absolutely certain they were rightly intended.
My draught, gentlemen, on jour generous indulgence is a
heavy one, when I ask jou to forget or overlook the many
imperfections with which the duties of the chair have been
discharged. Its labors, occasionally more arduous and
anxious, are always more absorbing than is gerwiially sup-
posed and I undertook them with an oppressive conscious-
ness of inexperience; Now-that I am finally lelieved from
the burden, let me say that I shall take back to the private
pursuits whence I was unexpectedly called the most grate-
ful recolleetions ,of your kindness, and an ardent wish that
your toils to advance the prosperity of a ecnmtry beloved by
us all may be-rcwardcd by the purest public favor, and by
prolonged lives of happiness and honor.
VICE PRESIDENT PRO TJEM.
On motion by Mr. BENTON,
Mr. Atchison was then appointed President of
the Senate pi'o ten\*
Mr. ATCHISON said, on taking the chair—
Senators: I cannot refrain from returning to
you my heartfelt ihonks for "Urn repeated honors
you have conferred on me; and I can only renew
the pledge that I made when this honor was first
conferred on me—that I will endeavor to discharge
the duties of the station faithfully and impartially.
Mr. WEBSTER rose and said: Mr. President,
•we have witnessed, sir, the retirement from the
chair of the Yice President of the United States,
•who has presided over the deliberations of this
body for four years. It has happened to me to
have been a member of the Senate from the time
when he took his seat a* its presiding officer, and
it gives me great pleasure, sir, to perform the duty
which 1 now rise to discharge,'by offering a reso-
lution, appropriate I hope the Senate will think,
to this occasion. I propose a resolution, gravely
and most respectfully tendering the thanks of this
body to the Vice President of the United States,
for the ability and impartiality with which he has
presided over its deliberations during the time he
has Jilted the chair.
Mr. W., in conclusion, submitted the following
resolution;
Resolved, unrtnimotisly, That the thanks of the Senate are
due, and are hereby tendered, to Geoige M. Dallas Vice
President of the United States and President of the Senate
for the dignity and impartiality with winch he has presided'
over its deliberations.
^ The question being taken upon the resolution,
it was agreed to.
On rrfotion by Mr. BENTON,
^fre/'tJThat the Secretary of tbe Senate inform the
Rouse of Representatives that the Hon. D. R. Atchison hax
been appointed President o! the Senate iem
ELIZABETH S. COBBS.
On motion by"Mr, HALE, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of the biH for the relief of
Elizabeth S. Cobbs;-when
Mr. WESTCOTT moved to lay the bill on the
table; which was agreed to—ayes 19, noes 15.
JOINT RESOLUTION FROM THE HOUSE.
On motion by Mr. ALLEN, the joint resolution
from the House, giving the Secretary of the Treas-
ury tin til next session to make a report required
of him under a joint resolution of Congress, was
read twice, and, on motion by Mr. CORWIN, re-
ferred to the Committee on public Lands.
. THE SEVENTH CENSUS.
Ms. CAMERON, from the Select Committee
on the Census, to whom was referred the House
bill- making arrangements for taking the seventh
census of the inhabitants of th*e United States, re-
ported back the same. "
• REPORTS OF DEBATES AND "PROCEEDINGS.
Mr. PEARCE, from the Committee on the Li-
brary, reported without amendment the joint reso-
lution from the Hoase, authorizing the Secretary
of the Senate and Clerk of the House to subscribe
for one thousand copies of the Debates and Pro-
ceedings in Congress, and a ked its immediate
consideration.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to the consideration of said bill.
.Mr. PEARCE said that it "was proper that he
should state to the Senate briefly the object of that
resolution. It was to aid'in the publication of a
woik of very great importance to the public, the
history of the Congressional proceedings of the first
three Congresses. The Senate was aware that
they had no early Congressional proceedings, ex-
cept for the first Congress under the Constitution;
and then subsequently to 1854, the history of the
first Congress was compiled by Gales, senior, fatber
of the present editor of the National Intelligencer.
The Register of Debates commenced in 1824, and
ran on to 1837, inclusive, in the Congressional
Globe, and Niles' National Register. The history
of the debates and proceedings of the first two or
three Congresses was compiled by the same gen-
tleman who compiled the history of the first Con-
gress. It was that they proposed to publish, and
for which they had ask'ed the aid of the Govern-
ment; and in order to show the necessity of the
public patronage, he would mention the fact that
twenty copies of the Congressional Register of
Debates had been purchased by private individu-
als. Mr. Gales was the reporter to the House'of
Representatives from 1795 to 1799, inclusive, arid
he has furnished the only authentic Congressional
history of that period which they could have. He
would only add further, as an authority for the
proposition which he had submitted, that Judge
Story had said in relation to his great woik upon
the Constitution, that he had derived invaluable
assistance fi0111 the history of the proceedings of
the first Congress, and that he had experienced
great inconvenience for t}ie want of the history of
the proceedings of the subsequent Congresses.
That work which they proposed to publish reflect-
ed light on the danger and operations of the Gov-
ernment; its policy, and all that was important to
be known in regard to it, its powers, its duties, and
its policy. It was such a work as England had in
the history for parliamentary proceedings, It was
a mere continuation of the policy which Congress
had already commenced. But it was unnecessary
to dwell longer on this subject. He hoped the
resolution would be adopted.
The joint resolution was then reported to the
Senate, ordered to a third reading,read a third time,
and passed.
, CHARLES G. GUNTER.
Mr. CORWIN, from the Committee o'n Public
Lands, to whom was referred House bill for the
relief of Charles G. Gunter, reported the same back
without amendment,and recommended its passage.
Mr. CORWIN. Thisgentleman'sappiicationhas
been before Congress a number of years, and has
been acted upon in various ways in both Houses, ;
I believe, but was never finally passed. At the i
last session, the papers which were referred to the j
Committee on Public Lands fell into my hands. I i
locked them up, and put them away so safely that j
I never could find them until near the close of this I
session. Upon the instance of the Senator from j
Alabama, I made search and found them. The
bill proposes to authorize Charles G. Gunter to
pay into the land office of Alabama a certain amount
of money for a tract of land of which he had been
in possession for a number of years. It-was sup-
posed to have been an Indian reservation under
the treaty of 1814. It turned out not to be a res-
ervation; but while in everybody's estimation it ap-
peared to be an Indian reservation, Gunter bought
the land of the Indians, paying them $600 in cash
for it. He now proposes to pay into the land office
the price, 01 25 an acre, for that reservation. I
hope the bill will pass. It lias been a long time
delayed.
The Senate then considered said bill as in Com-
mittee of the Whole; and no amendment being
offered, it was reported to the Senate, ordered to a
third reading, was read a third time, and passed.
GEOLOGICAL SURVEY.
Mr. CORWIN, from the Committee on Pablie
Lands, reported a joint resolutio  for a geological
survey in detail; which was read and passed to a
second reading.
SIXTEENTH JOINT RULE.
.Mr. WALKER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed,to:
Resolved, That Hie 16th joint role of she two Houses be
j suspended tor the remainder ot the present Congress.
PORT COVINGTON.
Mr. D1X, from the Committee on Commerce;,
to whom was referred the House bill declaring
Fort Convington, in the State of New Yolk, a port
pf delivery, and for other purposes, reported the
same back without amendment.
The Senate, as in Committee of She Whole,
proceeded to the consideration of said bill; and no
amendment being offered, it was reported to the
Senate, ordered to a third reading, and passed.
MARY G. LEVERETT.
On motion by Mr. BERRIEN, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the con-
sideration of the bill for the relief of Mary.G.
Leverett; and no amendment being offered, it was
reported to the Senate, ordered tp a third reading,
was read a third time, and passed.
COLLECTION DJISTRCT OF BELFAST, MAINE.
Mr. DIX, fiom the Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred the House bill to transfer
the towns of Yinal Haven, North Haven, and
Islesboro' from the collection district of Penobscot
to that of Belfast, in the State of Maine, reported
back the same without amendment; whieh was
read three times, and passed.
On motion by Mr. CAMERON, the'Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of thef'of lowing resolu-
tion, submitted by him on the 14th of December
last:
Resolved, That the Secretary tie directed to furnish each
member o! ihe present Senate, who has not already received
tliem, the i-ame number of copirs of the Constitution and
other books ordeied to be fnrm^hed to the Senators by the
resolutions or Febiuary 18, 1847.
Mr. DICKINSON. The resolution is for dis-
tribution of books to new Senators. In regard to
the " Constitution," which is proposed to be dis-
tributed, I wish to say a word. I consider it,
especially since the gold has become so plenty in.
some portions of our territory, as worth its weight
in gold. But it has beeh~distributed through all
the States, save one or two. 1 hope that the reso-
lution will be so amended as to permit it to be dis-
tributed to them. It is a matter not for the benefit
of the Senators, but for the benefit of the States.
There is no justice in giving the books again to
Senators reelected, when the State has already re-
ceived its quota of the books. It may be very well
to give them to the Senators of new States, and
one copy to new Senators; bnt the idea of giving
them over and over again to the States is altogether
wrong.
Mr. CAMERON. I think this would be entirely
unfair. I have distributed the books allotted to
me over one particular class of people throughout
the State. My successor may want to distribute
thern to a different class. The books would thus
reach the whole people, I have no interest in it
personally, having already received.my full share,
but offered the resolution for the benefit of those
who had not received them.
Mr. TURNEY. The object of the Senator from
Pennsylvania seems to me only partially accom-
plished in the resolution. He desires to give the
books to the successors of the Senators who have
already received them. The resolution, however,
