1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mt
does oot extend to the next Congress; it only-pro-
vides for the present Congress. If he wishes to
adopt this plan, perhaps he \^ould better make a
general lav/ upon the subject.
]\7ow, sir, I am opposed to the whole plan.
There is no more necessity for printing an addi-
tional number of copies of the " Constitution" for
distribution, than for any other document pub-
lished and distributed by the members of the last
or of any preceding Congress. If this doctrine is
to prevail, that because we have had the " Consti-
tution" given to us, therefore it must be given to
new members for distribution, you ought not to
apply this exclusively to the "Constitution," but
fo every species of documents distributed to mem-
bers. I hold that when the " Constitution" had
once been distributed to the people of the States,
there is no necessity for giving it to new members
for a redistribution. Some States have new mem-
bers here. They would get an additional number
for distribution.- Other States would not then get
the same additional-number; and thus there would
be gross-injustice. If it be policy and right to re-
publish the " Constitution," then give it to all the
States alike. So far as the books go to members
themselves, I have nothing to say; but in relation to
the books for distribution, it is altogether wrong
to mqkc this partial distribution. Here are Sena-
tors from the new State of Iowa who have not yet
received their books, and consequently the people
of that State have not had their number distributed
among them. I would be willing to provide by an
amendment to give them the same number of copies
of the <f Constitution" which the other members
receive, so that the people of that State can have
an equal benefit from the publication of this book.
But, sir, to say that we will continue, from time
to time, as a new member comes in, to allow a
new distribution to the exclusion of other States,
is unequal and unjust. Simply because a change
in legislators occurs, and they choose to turn out
one man and put in another, ought not to allow
an extra distribution among the people of that
State. Sir, I hope the amendment to allow the
Senators from Iowa the full quota will pass. It
does not provide for the next Congress, but only
for circumstances now—for members who have
not yet received their books.
Mr.^CALHOUN. If I understand the object of
the resolution, it is to give to every new Senator
that comes in the same number of copies as the
old members have had, for the purpose of distri-
bution. It appears to me that the proposition made
by the Senator from New York, now supported
by-the Senator from Tennessee, is perfectly fair,
to give to the members of the new States, who
have not received'their proper quota, and to give
to each new member, as they come in, one copy.
That is the whole affair. The resolution, as it
stands, will make a perpetual job of it. Now, we
know that unless we publish an edition far beyond
our capacity, we cannot give to all the people of
the United States. The copies that are now dis-
tributed go to few. But if the resolution, as it
.stands, is adopted, you will be giving book upon
book to every newly-elected member, and there
jvill be no end to it. It must, then, stop some-
where; and, in my opinion, this is the proper place
for it to stop, as proposed in the amendment. ,
Mr. WESTCOTT. I regret to be obliged to
say something1. I have uniformly voted for the
giving out of these books. This is one of the little
benefits which the States are able to obtain out of
the General Government. Sir, I do believe that
the books which my State gets are worth more
than everything else they get from the Govern-
ment.
IVtr. HALE. What do you do with the money?
Mr. WESTCOTT. We have not got any of
the money. You get it all in the North—in the
New England States—the whole of it.
Mr. BRADBURY. I think the Senator from
New York will be induced to modify his motion.
If I understand the reading of it, it provides for the
same number of copies to be furnished to the Sen-
ator from Iowa as has been furnished to other
members. I*only rise to say that one copy has
been furnished to me, and that is all the books I
have received. I am not desirous of receiving a
greater number; but I know that the impression
has gone abroad that wo have all received those
books for distribution. I ha\e had many applica-
tions for them; but not having received them, I
take occasion to say, that I have not had distrib-
uted to me any books whatever; and I believe that.
the older members of the Senate, to whom the dis-v
tribution of books has been made, are rather of
opinion that it is a corrupt practice. They are de-
termined, not having been able to succeed in the
work themselves, to shield the new members from
the influences of such corruption.
Mr. DAYIS, of Mississippi, said that this was
i a serious question, and was causing some debate.
| He would move to pass it- by, and go into Exec-
utive session. He, however, withdrew it at the
| request of
j Mr. YULEE. The vote, I presume, may be
! taken at once. I wish to state to the Senate, that
| by order of the Committee on Indian Affairs, it
i will be my duty to offer a considerable number of
! amendments to the naval appropriation- bill. I
! think, sir, that the business of the session would
j be best promoted by taking up the naval appro-
j priation and Post Office bills, which remain to be
; acted on, both of which will probably go back to
i the House with amendments. They may be dis-
j posed of during this morning's session, and in the
i evening we can go into Executive session.
: Mr. KING stated,' in relation to the question
I under consideration, that he had received one copy
of the books to be distributed, and one copy only.
; Mr. DICKINSON. I supposed that what I
II stated first sufficiently explained the matter in re-
|; gard to what Senators do with the books. The
!: Senator from Maine and the Senator from Alaba-
ma say that they have received but a single copy.
Now, I can add that I have also received but a'
single one. I think I have had a great number of
copies, but I sent them away to my constituents.
Only one have I retained for my own use. Other
Senators may not have had but'a single copy, but
their predecessors have had them, and they have
doubtless been distributed among their constitu-
ents. Now, it makes no difference whether Mr.
A or Mr. B got them, if they were distributed
among the people of the States. I am m favor of
giving to the new Senators, who have not received
them, one copy at this or at the next session of
Congress. I am m favor of making them equal,
and giving them the same number in proportion to
their population. Then let the matter rest there.
It never will rest, if it continues to go on. What
( I wish to deny is, that ft makes, for all the pur-
I poses of my motion, any difference whether the
I, distribution be to one or another Senator.
|j Mr. DOUGLAS. It is a little peculiar that
;! those who have received these books have a holy
j! horror against granting them to others. I never
p found any voting for them for themselves, but
' they passed it very easily; but now that they have
:i got them, I think it is very wrong to exclude
:j others from the benefits of t-hem. I rise for the
; purpose of asking the Senator from New Yolic as
| to what he supposed to be the mode of distribu-
tion? I happened to take a seat'in the Senate a
: few days after the order was made to give to each
i Senator so many copies. They could not be de-
i livered until after my predecessor ceased to be a
1 Senator. I supposed that they were intended for
j the Senator, and not for the individual. I applied
I for them, and was told that I, as the Senator from
! Illinois, could not obtain them. I was.not allowed
: to frank one of them. They were sent to Illinois |
as the private property of one who had ceased to ;
i be a Senator; and I undertake to say that the two
j Senators from Illinois here have not had the books,
I because they were the individual property of my
i predecessor. I do not mean to say anything in dis-
| parcigement of my worthy predecessor, who is a
• very respectable gentleman, and who I am as will-
< ing should have them as anybody else; but they
i were given to the individual and not to the Sen-
1 ator.
i Mr. DICKINSON. I suppose the order took
1 effect at the time it was made. Now, I suppose
i the order is made duty, and the books must be
1 given to Senators going out, and it will not be for
. those who come in thereafter to take them. Tho^e
who get individually a single copy, at any rate
! will be as well off as 1 have been.
Mr. DOUGLAS moved to lay the resolution on
■ the tabic.
|| The question being then taken upon the motion
i; to lay upon the table, it was agreed to.
|! Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Commerce,
!i to whom was referred the joint resolution from the
jj House in relation to foreign officers and seamen
who shall render relief to American vessels in dis-
tress, reported back the same without amendment.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, tha"
Senate proceeded to the consideration of Executive
business, and so continued until the hour of recess.
EVENING SESSION.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the con-
sideration of the bill for the relief of William Gott;
and no amendment being offered, it was reported
to the Senate, ordered to a third reading, was read
a third time, and passed.
On motion by Mr. UPHAM, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the con-
sideration of the House bill for the relief of John
P. Skinner and the legal representatives of Isaac
Green; and no amendment being offered, the-bill
was reported to the Senate, and ordered to a third
reading.
After some debate by Messrs. BUTLER, UP-
HAM, WESTCOTT, KING, and BERRIEN,
the bill was read a third time and passed.
On motion of Mr. BENTON, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the consid-
eration of the bill for the relief of Dr. Adolphus
Wislizenus; and no amendment being offered, it
was reported to the Senate, was read a third time,
and passed.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, the
Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded
to the consideration of the House bill for the relief
of Robert W. Martin; and no amendment being
offered, it was repofted to the Senate, was read a
third time, and passed.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate then proceeded to consider, as in
Committee of the Whole, House bifl making ap-
propriations for the naval service for the year end-
ing the 30th June, 1850.
Mr. YULEE moved to amend by adding the
following section:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the Navy
be, and ftereby is, authorized so to modify the contract en-
tered into by hun will! E K CoHius and his associates for
the transportition of the mail between New Yoi k and Liver-
pool, under direction of the act of Congress approved 3d
March, 1847, as to postpone the commencement of the mail
service stipulated to he performed until the 1st June, 1850,
without m other respects impairing the conditions or obli-
gations ot tiie said contract,
Mr. Y.said the occasiofi of this application arises
out of the fact that there is not in Liverpool any
dock large enough fur the accommodation-of the
ships—which aie of the largest class—belonging
to this line. Arrangements were made for the
construction of a dock for their use, but in conse-
quence of the death of the owner of the soil on
which it was to be built, it renders it necessary that
its construction should be delayed. The Govern-
ment loses nothing; by the delay.
Mr. KING. How will the Government lose
nothing?
Mr. YULEE. I have in my hand the corre-
spondence of the contract agents in Liverpool giv-
ing the reasons for this application. They state
that these vessels are of three thousand tons bur-
den; and the only vessel of that tonnage that has
been built in England was the Great Britain, and
as she used the screw propeller her width of beam
was not so wide as these ships ofthe Collins5 line
by some twenty or thirty feet. It requires a dock
eighty feet in width to accommodate them, and
tliere is none in Liverpool of that size.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. YULEE offered the following amendment:
Foi the purchar-r ot the nsrht to ute A. D. Bishop's patent .
portable boom-doriick for Government puipose*, §10,000:
Provided* Th?.t said Bishop ^hali, witluu fit teen days from
the pa>-d!ie ot tin? act, notuy the Secretary ot the Navy, in
writing, of his Acceptance of said sum in full compensation
1 n ?,;ui patent rii^ht, and a!i improvements which he may
hereaftei make upon the same, and shall furm&'h full work-
ing plans and explanations for eunstrucuon of *asd boom-
dernck.
Mr. ATHERTON. I think we are loading
down the appropriation bills with amendments
rather too freely. Here is a proposition to pur-
chase a patent right, and what opportunity, I
would inquire, will the House have in the next
few hours to examine fully into its merits? It
was not recommended in the estimates of the de-
partment, and 1 do not see any necessity for it.
Mr. PHELPS. The Senate well know that I
am opposed geneially to ingrafting any of these
amendments on appropriation bills, but fiom in-
formation derived from the best sources, 1 can
