€4S
THJE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mareh 2,
inclined to vote for this amendment. The measure-
is recommended to me personally by the head of
that bureau of the Navy Department which is
charged with this matter—I allude to Commodore
Smith. I hope it will be adopted.
Mr. ATHERTON. I would inquire whether
the measure comes favorably recommended from
the department?
Mr. YULES. I would state- that the Naval
Committee have recommended nothing to the-Sen-
ate which wias not recommended and asked for by
the department. If-the Senator desires any more
information concerning this patent, I have a com-
munication from the department.which I did not
ask to be read before, as I did not desire to con-
sume time unnecessarily. This invention is a
very important one, and it will be a measure of
economy for the Government to purchase it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. YULEE submitted the following amend-
ments, which were agreed to:
For improvements and superintendence at naval dep6t
near New Oileans, $1,750.
Also, tiie following additional section;
Be it enacted, $c., Timt the retention of one dollar per
month from the pay of the musicians and nrivates of the
murine corps, directed by the act of the 2d March, 1833, be
extended, as in the case of the musicians and privates of the
army, to the whole term of their enlistment.
Also, this additional section:
Be it enacted, fyc.. That the engineers in the navy shall
hereafter receive the following pay, viz:
Chief Engineer, on duty, first five years   $1,500
'Do do alter five years. 2.000
Do on leave, first live years  1,200
Do , do after five years  3,400
First assistant engineer, on duly  1,000
Do do on leave  foO
Second do on duty  fcOO
Do do on iflavo  600
Third assistant engineer, on duty    600
Do do on leave  400
Also—:
For grading University square, £o,CG0.
And that the officer i>f_ the marine corps auccted by the
fourth section of the act of Congress,,approved 2d March,
1847. entitled "An act for the increase of tne marine corps of
tine United States," shall bepiovided for in the same manner
thai the officers oi the old army who received appointments
in the additional regiments* raised for the war with Mexico
were, under the toiirth section of the act ot Congress, ap-
proved July 19, 1&'8, entitled "_An act 'supplemental to ari
act entitled 'An act providing* for the prosecution of the
'wifting war between the United States and the Republic or
Mexico, and for other purpo^s.' "
Mr. ATHERTON. I wish to call the attention
of the Senate to the fact that this amendment is to
increase the number of officers now enlisted by law
m the marine corps.
Mr. YULEE. At the last session provision
way made for the permanent increase of the marine
corps by the addition of five hundred men and
twelve officers. The amendment was rejected by
the House; but, the session being near its close, a
contest was not persevered m by the Senate on the
subject, and the amendment* was withdrawn. It
has been recommended by the {Secretary of the
Navy Department, at the present session, Ujat pro-
vision be made authorizing him to increase the
number of marines, and to reduce m a conespond-
ing degree thtj number of landsmen serving on
board of our ships of war, and to add a suffieicnt
number of officers to command the number of
marines thus to be_ organized. The committee
have thought proper, instead of making a permanent
increase of officers, to cause the restoration to office
ot twelve officers discharged under the act of last
session, the extension to continue during their lives,
and vacancies not to be filled up—in the same man-
ner as officers of the army were provided for in the
act of last session. There are circumstances con-
nected with tbia matter, independent of an increase
of men, very strongly appealing to us for the adop-
tion of the amendment. The act of jast session,
dropping twelve of these marine officers, operated
net upon those who had been added during the
war by a temporary act providing for the increase
of the officers of the marine corps, but upon $ome
of the oldest officers in the service; those who had
been twenty-five or thirty years holding their situ-
ations, and who had no oiher possible mode of
&uppoit. Uy what rule that selection was deter-
mined upon, I am unable to state, i am informed
by the repot t of the Secretary of the JNavy that his
selection was not because of any ground of com-
print against the officers. As there will be a
necessity for an increase of officers growing out of
the increase of men, the committee thought proper
t6 recommend the leinstation of these officers who
had thus been displaced, instead of appointing new
ones. ' .
Mr. ATHERTON. The Senator from Florida
says.there was a good deal of consultation at the.
last session between the two Hquses of Congress
with reference to action on this amendment, but,
as the subject came up near the close of the session,
the Senate was obliged to*give way. We are now
pretty near the close of a session, and there are
perhaps stronger reasons why weshould now post-
pone the consideration than there were then. The
increase of the number of officers does not appro-
priately belong to this appropriation bill. If it
were necessary to pass an act of this kind, why has
not the bill to increase these officers been brought
forward oh its own merits, and that bill sent to the
House, and a full discussion had, if a contest is
necessary? I hope this amendment will not be
taken up in this connection, beyause it does not
appropriately belong to this bill. The reason given
for attention to it now is, that there are some per-
sons thrown out of office who are unable to support
their families. That is no reason why we should
act on this bill .at all. The only reason why we
should at any time act on it is the want of the coun-
try. y If the country demands this increase, then
we may properly make it, and not otherwise.
Mr. YULEE. I stated that the committee
deemed it necessary to increase the number of
officers, and the reason given was this: that the
President was authorized to substitute a.marine
corps for landsmen in the navy, as far as he deemed
it expedient. The number of men added to this :
corps will be five hundred, for which there will be
a corresponding reduction of landsmen; but it will j
require a larger number of officers to command 1
them. Those men who have been dismissed from j
service were dismissed in consequence of the pro- :
visions of the law, and not from any complaint; 1
and tiie propriety of this increase of officers, as 1 [
stated, grows out of the increase of the number of ;
piivates. j
Mr. HAMLIN
the Senate but a moment. I
m^n of the committee in one thing. There are
offered, as arguments for legislation, appeals to our
sympathies very frequently, and, were 1 controlled
by that consideration in this case, I should vote ;
for the amendment. But it seems to me that the ,
demand of our service is the true principle which j
should control our action here, i think that the j
chairman has scarcely considered this matter as it |
should be considered, or he would not have been i
led to think there is a necessity for this increase of
officers. Prior to the increase of the marine corps
during the war with : Mexico, there were only
fifty-nine officers in that corps. Under that law
which made this increase in the service it was pro-
vided that the corps should be reduced at the end
of the war, and the number of officers should be
the same as before the increase was made. Now,
that law of reduction has taken place, and there
may have been hardships perhaps resulting from
it; but there are now three more officers than there
were before the increase, and I do not understand
why there is not a need of a further diminution of
the officers of the marine corps, as that law pro-
vided.
But there are two or three facts which I think
are important to guide our action on this subject.
on shore, not connected with the marine corps on
sea service. On the'thirty-first of December, forty-
three were at shore stations.
These statement^ show, most satisfactorily to
my mind, that the corps which requires one officer
10 every six men or less, must be composed of
men of a very remarkable character, or the officers
do not discharge thejr duties very efficiently. The
fact is, the, number of officers is now twice what
the service of the country requires, and that should
be the criterion by which appointments are made,
and not the necessitiesof the appointees. This is
nothing morS nor less than an attempt to replace
men who have been displaced according to law. It
maybe that some of them have been displaced im-
properly, but it is hardly our business now to put
back officers that have been displaced according to
law. Do it here in this instance, and we shall find
more applications of this character than we shall
desire. Apply it in the marine corps, arid then the
army will > come in for a similar rule. I hope the
amendment will not be agreed to.
Mr. YULEE. I may state that I think the Sen-
ator from Maine has- not given as careful an exam-
ination to this*matter as he apprehends himself to
have given, or he would not have maintained that
there were so many officers on shore stations. He
has not informed himself of the fact that the duties
ot niarineofficersare,in part,toprocuremen forthe
service. I have a paper which shows the number
required at shore stations, and at the different navy-
yards in Boston, New York, Pensacola, and others.
Thirty-eight officeis, and a quota of six hundred
and seventy-five men, furnish the recruits needed
at these shore stations. In addition to that, in order
to furnish the proper numberof men for the vessels
in the service, not taking into the account the
vessels on the stocks, shortly to be launched, the
number of officers needed is forty-nine, under the
established regulations of the navy; making the
total number eighty-seven, to supply the necessi-
ties which the laws create. Nowj what is the
I will occupy the attention of number of officers employed in the service? The
rtpvit T ""ice with the chair- ;i Senator fiom Maine says there are sixty-three; but
he takes the number before the reduction of last
year; therefore he must bring them up -
Mr. HAMLIN, (interposing.) The gentleman*
is mistaken; there are now sixty-three.
Mr. YULEE. I do not know from what quar-
ter the gentleman derives his information; but I
hold in my hand a paper which shows the number
of men, and certainly there should be an addition
of twenty officers besides.these twelve. But the
committee have notrecommended that this increase
should be a permanent addition to the list, and
have left it to Congress to determine hereafter
whether these officers shall be permanent or not.
The amendment expressly provides that the vacan-
cies accruing from death or accidents of service
shall not be supplied, so that the number will be
reduced in a short time to the number now existing.
Now, it seems to me that, we may take into con-
, sideration the condition and circumstances result-
; nig from the direction given to the course of reduc-
: tion, which perhaps was not contemplated by the
I Senate, but perhaps the best the department could
] adopt. It so happened that many old and glorious
j officers, who have served their country with greal
|' gallantry for a long period—one of them fortwen-
j: ty-five or thirty years—were among those thrown
f .1 t . i i {• i < ™ ,i j — • - -- —--j ciiuuj li; muse mi own
In the first place, I find, from official papers rela- ij out by this reduction. It seems, then, but an act
,h,. .u..     , ,1 of justicfi that such ^en ghould ^
leceive the provision, which may, perhaps, be
considered as pledged to them, at least during good
behavior; and the committee Iiave not been able
to learn that these were selected for any cause of
complaint as to personal or official character. It
may be only necessary to repeat, that allowing
this addition of twenty, there will still be twenty
ll SS thnri iA l-B lianoon n^ „ .1   - n . i .
ting to this matter, that there are now two hundred
and forty men at shore station's and forty-three
officers, making an average qf about six men to
one officer. Now, I do not know-what is the ca-
pacity of these officers—perhaps it may need more
officers to command this small squad of men—but,
taking all the rank and file, commissioned and non-
commissioned officers, there is one officer to every
five m the whole service. I will send to the table
« j t — — - — uiin vu
* **\7 ">.vuu iv uiu iauic j less than are necessary for the service of the court-
a department, showing precisely; try. I have the letter of the Secretary of the Navv,
the,se ?®cfs arfi ,U0lng; that triey are not ;! which can be read, if Senators desire it
connected with tne marine service, but at home, !j Mr. MANGUIvl. I rise to perform 'a duty that
waiting ciders, as they say m naval parlance. By ,j I think somebody ought to perform, and Uhink
examination of these documents, we find that the J it belongs to the father of the Senate, from Mis-
whole number of naval officers is sixty-three, and
the paper which I hold 111 my hand contains state-
ments which show how these officers Qf the marine
corps were employed on the thirty-first day of
January, 1848. The whole number then was sev-
enty-four. Of these, twenty-one were on shore,
at stations. On the thirty-first' of August, 1848,
the whole number was'sixty-three, and, out of
that number, forty-three were at different stations
soun. During the last session, and during the
present session, the Senate of the. United States
has become a mere polemical body. The-smallest
questions are discussed, as if Senators could un-
derstand nothing-without tedious and wearisome
explanation. There is a vast amount of business
to be done, and 1 invoke the Senate, the whole
body, that* they will discourage this prolongation
of discussion, this ruinous, waste of time. 1 hope
