1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
64#
it will be assumed that we understand something
of the business before the bod/, and that we may
be permitted to attend to getting through the busi-
ness of the session; for,«if the practice shall con-
tinue through this night and to-morrow, we shall
•leave two-thirds of the business undone.
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish to state to the Senate
that the facts which I presented a few moments
since—and I think I have occupied the attention
of the Senate but very little—were drawn from
official papers of the marine corps.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. YULEiS offered an amendment to increase
the assistant pursers in the navy. He said: At
the last session we passed a bill authorizing the
appointment of assistant puisers in the navy. It
was put on the calendar. It is scarcely necessary
to state that the total number of pursers in the
navy is sixty-three. For stations there are twelve,
leaving about twenty on shore, and leaving about
thirty available for other service. There are ninety
vessels, so that the number of pursers is only one
for every three vessels. It is deemed better for
the smaller vessels to appoint a corps of assistant
pursers, and give them a small compensation.
Mr. CAMERON. It seems to me that we are
endeavoring to get every man into an offifce. I see
no reaion for these appointments. I think it is not
necessary to have a purser in every vessel. More
than half the vessels are on the docks, and the
pursers,' many of them, are about the country idle.
I would much rather see them put to work- When
it was thought this bill would become a law there
were five hundj-ed applications for the offices.
Mr, ATHERTON. I hope this suBject will be
acted on as a seperate bill, and that it will not be
permitted toembarAss the bill under consideration.
Mr. YULEE. It is proper to say that there are
no officers idle, there are no supernumeraries, and
a necessity has grown out of the annual increase
of the number of vessels in the navy. This ne-
cessity was decided on at the last session, and it
was deemed the most economical way to appoint
these assistant pursers for the service of the small
vessels.
The question being taken on the amendment, it
 fas not agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, moved to amend
the bill, by inserting after the 3d section the fol-
lowing:
Sec. 4. Jlni he it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Navy mav be, and is hereby, authorized and directed, as
far a? the public transpoitseryee will peimit, to employ tile
steamers so transferiedto the Navv Depa'itmentm establish-
ing a semi-monthly line fiom New Orleans to Vera Cruz, or
some other port on the Gult of Mexico, and connecting uith
some poit on tile pacific; thence to California, as the Secre-
tary may direct.
Sec..). Jind be it further endctcd, That said steamers shall
convey the United States mail, and tliat American citizens
ivho may be received as passengers in the sau.e shall not be
charged a higher rateot thie than shall be neeessarylo reim-
burse tire Government for the expenses ineuried on account
of such passengers.
Mr. D. briefly called the attention of the Senate
to this amendment.
Mr. DOWNS. Mr. President, I am not aware
of the reason which induced the committee to
come to the conclusion^against the proposition
originally referred to them to establish a, line of
mad steamers between New Orleans and Vera
Cruz. That measure was recommended, if I rec-
ollect right, by the Secretary of the Navy and the
President himself. It is desirable to have a certain
and swift mail route here. As it is now, we have
to travel round Cape Horn or the Cape of Good
J^ope, a much longer voyage than is necessary, to
get round t,o the Pacific. It takes a great while to
get round to Panama. I think the committee have
not gone into the calculation very closely. We
have that line of mail steamers between New Or-
leans and Vera Cruz; and we can, by sending the
mail acioss on the Pacific, save at least half the
time that would be required to go round the Cape.
This has been pioved by some recent information
from that quarter. We need a regular organiza-
tion on the part of the Government that is re-
quired to go by Panama, i think this communica-
tion of infinite importance; of much more import-
ance than many of the mail routes that we have
established elsewhere—much more than those to
Europe. But if the Senate has come to the con-
clusion that the policy with regard to these steam-
ers ought to be stopped; that we should not go any
further with this; that the principle is wrong—of
which I do not speak—still it does not affect this
i question, because it is altogether a-different one.
|. We do not propose to advance two hundred thou-
I sand dollars to establish a line of mail steamers;
| we do not contemplate an increase of the naval
| appropriations at all. We have the boats already,
• belonging to the United States, in the hands of the
; Quartermaster General, who has reported that he
j has no further use for them; and they are the very
j boats that have carried the communications be-
! tween these two ports during the war. It is now
! proposed to transfer them to the navy. They are
, a dead weight on his hands, and cannot be sold for
] half their value. There are officers here solicitous
j to take charge of them, and they can transport
j your mails, and perhaps the whole expense of
| carrying them will be paid in this way; but if not,
; the expense would be small compared to the great
| national advantage to us and our citizens. Those
j best informed consider this ihe best route to the
Pacific, and surely I would take it with all its dis-
advantages in preference toany other mode. There
is no questionjof the importance of this route. The
trade of Mexico was once one of the most advan-
tageous portions of our foreign trade; but by our
quarrels with that Government, it is now nearly
lost, and it is transferred from New Orleans to
Cuba. The establishment oi this line of steamers
will be likely to restore this trade, and make our
relations with Mexico more friendiy. This trade
is now in the hands of the Biitish packets; they
bring away the specie which goes from Mexico
and they take it to Europe. If we establish this
line, which we can do so cheaply, these steamers
will be driven out of the trade, and it wiil be in our
hands. From these considerations I hope the Sen-
ate will adopt it. Jt is not a question whether we
shall establish a new line, but whether we shall
employ these steamers, which we can do with little
or no expense.
Mr. IIUSK. At the present time we have no
mail communication by water beyond Galveston,
in the State of Texas. The result of all that is
the difficulties, so far as transportation of the mails
is concerned, which have been alluded to by the
Senator from Louisiana. We all see that a regu-
lar communication over that country would not
only he a benefit, but would vastly extend profit-
able commerce with Mexico. I have no doubt
that within two years an exchange of articles of
great value would amount to twelve or fifteen mil-
lions of dollars, or perhaps more. And it is no
expense. On the contrary, it will be a saving of
expense for the Government of the United States
to adopt this amendment, there being no regular
communication beyond Galveston now. These
boats will have to be kept by the Quartermaster's
department, and an expense will be incurred in
keeping them, and the transportation of supplies
to the troops stationed in Western Texas by some
other mode will have to be paid. What will be
the result? You will have no communication with
Galveston; it will cost more to transport what the
quartermaster will have to transport to the western ;
portion of Texas, than it will cost to carry the ;
mails all the way. The figures show that, as the j
quartermaster is bound to keep these vessels for j
the transportation of supplies and troops, it will j
cost more to reject than to adopt this amendment. ;
Many passengers will pass in this way through j
Tehuantepec to California; they are going there
now. If this amendment be adopted, we have a
connection with the Pacific by steamers belonging
|| to the Quartermaster's department. It will form
;i a direct communication with California, with no
i: additional expense to the United States over what
1 they will have to incur now. You are bound to
I have supplies in California, of which there are not
enough at the present time. Emigration is pour-
ing in there from all quarters of the creation, and
j! it is the policy of this Government to send sup-
" plies there, that they may have them on the spot.
Another thing about it will be, if General Smith
i has to keep down anarchy there, he will have no
I aid from foreigners: but among the Americans he
! will find a soldiery to sustain the laws of peace
! and quiet, the Saws of his country.
| Mr. ATHERTON. Mr. President, this amend-
, ment proposes a change in existing laws- It pro-
i poses that the Government should embark in a
new system. Heretofore, it has not been custom-
ary to embody such propositions in appropriation
bills; and it is an experiment which should not be
tried now.
Mr. RUSK. I would inform the Senator from
New Hampshire that this measure has been rec-
ommended by the Quartermaster General and by
the Navy Department.
Mr..ATHERTON. That makes no difference.
It matters not whether it has been recommended
by one department or another. I say it introduces
a new principle altogether, and therefore ought to
be the subject of a separate bill. There may be
many things recommended by departments which
are not germane to an appropriation bill.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. President, I
expect very important results to flow from this
measure. I expect that the trade which will be
opened and engaged in between Mexico and this
country, if this measure be passed, will be very
great. Besides, the conveniences which it will
afford for the transportation of our mails and cit-
izens to California, will be of immense advantage.
Viewed in this light, it may have been well for
Senators to attach such great importance to thfe
question; but, as a legislative question, the prop-
osition which I have presented is very small indeed.
And the Senator from New Hampshire was never
more mistaken in his life than when he supposes
that my amendment proposes the introduction of
anything novel. We have transport vessels now,
but they are very improperly, and very anoma-
lously, in the hands of the War Department. The
first proposition contained in the amendment is
to transfer these vessels from a department which
cannot manage them, either economically or well,
to one which can manage them to some advantage.
At present the Quartermaster General is compelled
to employ'captains at a very high rate of compensa-
tion, and often very incompetent persons. So that
the safety of the vessels and a?l on board isnotonly
hazarded by the present system, but the expense
is rendered very great by the high rates of com-
pensation paid to the captains and ail the other
oificers.
Again, the Senator is also as much mistaken as
ever he was in his life, when4ie supposes that the
transportation of passengers and freight .in trans-
port vessels belonging to the Government is the
introduction of a new system. All transport ves-
sels, in all countries under the sun, have done the
same from the establishment of the first navy ever
known. This is only a proposition to transfer these
vessels from the War Department, where they are
improperly located, to the Navy Department, where
they properly belong; to charge the Navy Depart-
ment with the transportation of troops-and sup-
plies, and to add thereto, as far as the transport
service will permit, the transportation of the mails
down the Gulf of Mexico, and to our Pacific set-
tlements.- That is the whole proposition. If this
is not donfe by the Navy Department, it must be
done by the Quartermaster's department: and if it
is not done directly by the Quartermaster's depart-
ment, it must be done by contiact. We have neen
compelled to do it directly. The Quartermaster
General has been compelled, with all the disad-
vantages that belonged to a land officer, (which he
has admitted in his repoit to havebeen very great,)
to purchase vessels, to hire captains and crews to
man them, to employ them in the transportation
of troops and munitions, and necessarily to carry
the public mails of the United States. So far, then,
this proposition requires the navy, with these ves-
sels, to do what the army isnow doing. American
citizens are received on board of, and are to be trans-
ported by the public vessels, which are the prop-
erty of the American citizen, and the officers of
the vessels are restricted from charging anything
more than the actual expense incurred by taking
the citizen on board. That has always been the
rates upon our transports. It is the existing rule, as
now managed in'the Quartermaster's department.
There is nothing new in it. There is nothing ex-
traordinary in it. There is nothing in it requiring
legislation, because it is based upon military usage
and common sense. As to the great question which
may lie beyond this, and be incidentally connected
wlth it—the establishment of a line of mail steam-
ers—I have nothing to say in regard to it. I do
not deem it appropriate to discuss that subject
now, because it has nothing to do with the prop-
osition unuer consideration. I present this as a
simple question of having the transport vessels in
our own country, managed as the transport vessels
of all other civilized nations are, by the Navy De-
partment, and providing that they shall continue
the transportation of the mails, as is now done by
the Quartermaster's department, ana that they shall
