1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
651
that I never contemplated. The amendment I
offered restricted officers in command of public
vessels—fhst, from refusing to take American citi-
zens on board their vessels; and, secondly, from
charging them passage n^oney, confining the charge
to* the expenses incurred by taking the citizen on
board; just as during the war with Mexico, every
officer traveling thither paid, when on board a
public transport, so much per day for his board.
As the case now stands, (if we' do not incorporate
this provision,) the captain of a public transport
tells the citizen that he shall not go on board, and
he must get a permit from the quartermaster or
navy agent before the captain will receive him on
board. As for this competition with private enter-
prise, which gentlemen talk so much about, it is
altogether out of the question; for all experience
shows that whenever passengers can get any other
mode of conveyance they will never go on board
of a transport.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I did not make
the mistake which the honorable Senator supposes.
The question is not as to the amount received. It
is not the question whether the Government is to
receive more or less, or the officers receive more or
less.
Mr* DAVIS, of Mississippi. The Government
does not receive anything.
Mr. BADGJER. Then it is to convert the officers
into mere agents for transporting passengers, and
pay them more or less.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The officers do
not-receive anything.
Mr. BADGER. They must supply the passen-
gers with food, and they must receive pay for this.
They are to receive something m a pecuniary point
of view. The amendment restricts it to the actual
expenses incurred. Now, to my mind, it is liable
to the objections urged by the Senator from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Hunter.] Besides, in a pecuniary
point of view, if the Government is to enter into
it at all, I think they should enter into it for pecu-
niary advantage. Instead of receiving merely pay
for expenses incurred, let them do as others do,
and receive a reasonable indemnity for enterprise.
Mr. NILES. I would ask my friend from Mis-
sissippi what is the character of these vessels,
whether they are sail or steam vessels?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. They are all steam
vessels; and four of them good sea vessels. A num-
ber of them are gmall river boats. I would add,
that if they are not turned over to the Navy De-
partment, they must unavoidably be sold for what
they will bring, and a great saciifice will be the
consequence.
Mr. ALLEN demanded the yeas and nays on
the amendment, which were ordered; and the vote
stood for the amendment:
YEAS—Messis. Bicesp, Ooivvin, Davis of Mississippi,
-Dodjie'of Iowa, Downs, Fitzpatuek, Foote, Houston, John-
son of Louisiana, Jones, Rusk, Sebastian, Westcott, and
Yulee—14.
NAYS—Mes-^is. Allen, Atherton, Badger, Baldwin, Hell,
Benton, Berrien, Borland, Bradbury, Bright, Butler, Cam-
eron, Clarke, Davis ot Massa* {ji^eus. Dayton, Felch. Fitz-
gerald, Greene, Hale, Hum!in, Iiunter, Johnson ot Marjland,
Johnson ot Guoigia, King, Mangum, A/a^on, Miiiei, Nile?,
Phelps, iSpruancij, Ttuney, Underwood, Upham, Wales,
Walker, and Webster—35.
So the amendment was dis'agreed to.
. Mr. MILLER offered the following amend-
ment, from the Committee on Naval Affairs, as an
additional section to thejjill:
" Skc 4 *3nd he it farther enactcd, That the sum of
{jf'1,336 37 he and the samp hei>sby is appropriated to r«jiin-
but>e Commander Cha) les Wilkes? for expenses incuired by
him in several courts, in defending suits brought ag<unst hnn
for acts committed in discharge'ot his official duty."
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. President, I should like to
^have read the bill of particulars m that case. I
Would like to hav;e the paper, which was submitted
a fesv days sincc, containing the items, read.
Mr. MILLER. Mr. President, J can inform
the Senator that.the various items were submitted
to the committee by Commander Wilkes. They
foot l5p"~an amount much larger than that named
in the amendment. In the estimate submitted by
Commander Wilkes, there was an item for expenses
incurred on account of the calling of a court mar-
tial. The committee did not think that such an
allowance ought to be made. They have, theie-
fore, confined the amount of leimbursement to the
legal costs and expenses in defending the several
suits brought against him in the courts.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I hope the Senate
will pause some time before they adopt this amend-
ment. I confess that I expected almost any other
proposition to be made to the Senate than this.
The suits to which the amendment refers.I under-
stand to be suits brought by some sailors'against
their officer for what was alleged to be an illegal
punishment. By the finding of the court and jury
which tried the case, the result was against the
officer, and in favor of the se<tmeh; that is to say,
it was the judgment of the jury that it was an ex-
cessive, illegal, and outrageous punishment, for
which the officer deserved to be mulcted in costs.
The case was carried up to the Supreme Court on
a bill of exceptions. The Supreme Court granted
a venire facias de novo. That-is not a final decision,
and the case yet remains undetermined. An at-
tempt is being made, which 1 trust will be success-
ful, to do away with the necessity of these suits
altogether, and to do away with the cause of that
necessity. Public attention has just been directed
to the fact that efforts are being made to abolish
this relic of barbarism in our navy; and i hope
that the American Congress will not, at the com-
mencement of this humane effort, offer a premium
for the undue exercise of this barbarous power,
if the Congress of the United States are to come :
forward, and put their hands into the national
treasury to pay the suits of every officer that may
be prosecuted for the illegal discharge of this duty,
I do not know where we are to stop. W it has
been the foi tune of Commander Wilkes, or of any-
body else in the navy, to have, been sued for an
assault and battery, let him defend himself, as does
every other citizen.
1 should like to know upon what principles of
law and equity the Naval Committee deliberately
ask the Amencan Congress to pay the costs of !
gentlemen that have suits brought against them |
for assault,and battery, because they happen to be 1
officers of the navy ? Let them stand with the
rest of the citizens of the republic. And, if it is |
their good or bad fortune to be brought into the j
courts of law, let them defend themselves as they j
may, upon their own merits and at their own ex- !
pense. 1 should like to know if there is anything i
so sacred m this species of assault and battery that '
we are called upon to foot up the bills brought ]
against naval officers for the illegal exercise of this ;
power ? 1 have nothing to say of the merits of the !
case. It may have been right, or it may have been |
wrong. But, in Heaven's name, let officers and !
men stand oc fall together. Suits of this sort have .
been brought by sailors, in which they have some- I
times .succeeded, and m which the costs recovered j
have not been anything like their expenses. But ;
who ever heard of Congress coming m to relieve !
the pooi, helpless, friendless sailor, after going into. ]
court and litigating his rights? No, sir, no. If;
the Naval Committee had recommended that an
appropriation be made from the national treasury
to pay the expenses of these sailors, 1 could have
listened to it with sbme complacency. And I trust
the American Senate will deliberate Jong before
they sanction a principle of such high importance,
by which the expenses of naval officers, in-litiga-
ting suits brought against them, are to be paid out
of the public treasury.
Mr. MILLER. Mr. President, the Senator ij
-from New Hampshiie asks upon what principle of | i
law the Naval Committee leported this measure, li
I will answer the gentleman that the Naval Com- \\
mittee have adopted this amendment upon the ij
highest principles of law: upon the final decision li
upon this question made by tiie Supreme Court of :!
the United States. This amendment is offered out J;
of rio le&pect to Commander Wilkes as an officer ||
of the navy; for, if the lowest man m the service 1!
had been made to pay the costs of a suit brought
against him in consequence of an act done in the li
discharge of his duty, according to law, I,- for one, i
would reimburse him every cent he paid in defend- i;
mg himself, if it would require every cent in the
treasury. !.
If the gentleman will read the printed report of | j
the opinion of the Judges of the Supreme Court in |r
this case, he will there perceive that this case is put ' i
to rest; that Commander Wilkes was fully justified j1
in law for every act complained of against him, \-
and that he has been put to cost for having faith- !j
fully and honestly discharged his duty in the ser- ji
vice of his country, on board the vessel, at sea. i1
The gentleman mistakes the case. This case was j!
not brought tor excessive flogging or excessive :i
punishment. It was not brought upon the sup- j!
posed ground that Commander Wilkes had no au- !i
thority at all to punish this man. The principle
complained of in the declaration is not thab flogging
which the gentleman considers the greatest punish*
ment which any human being can besobjected to;
but it is tor imprisoning the plaintiff, for compelling
his services in the Exploring Expedition when his
term of service had expired. It was contended that
Commander Wilkes had np right or authority to
control the services of this man. That was the ques-
tion ; it was a question of law, not ofcf&ct. There was
no pretence whatever that there was any excessive
flogging. Nothing of the kind was pretended. The
ground taken was, that this man, having enlisted
only for three years, and his term of service having
expired while at sea, Commander Wilkes had no
right to command his services. But it turns out,
from the evidence in the case,that "theman enlisted,
by his own agreement, for the voyage.
, In addition to that, it is provided^ by an act of
Congress, that when a sailor's term expires at sea,
it is in the discretion of the commanding officer to
discharge him, or, if he thinks proper, he may-
command his services. Without that law what
would be the position of things? If a ship going
on a voyage of three years happens to be kept out
| three years and six months, at the ehd of the three
j years every sailor on board the vessel would say,
j " My term has expired, and 1 will no longer obey
; the commanding officer." If such had been the
i case with the Exploung Expedition, the life of
j every man in that expedition would have been
J exposed. The Supreme Court has decided that
I Commander Wilkes had a right to command the
, services of this man. The Supreme Court has de-
! cided that Commander Wilkes, in the case com-
i plained of, was faithfully discharging his duty,
! and could not have done- otherwise than he did
consistently with the safety of the crew and the
service in which he was engaged, and therefore
justified him for the act; and the simple question
is, whether, when a public officer, in the discharge
of his duty, commits an "act for which he is prose-
cuted, and is justified in that act, the Government
by whom he is employed will not pay the expenses '
to which he is put ?
This was not a voluntary employment on the
part of-Commander Wilkes. He was there under
the command of his Government; he was bound to
keep order; he did the very thing that it was his
duty to do; and, if he has been put to expense on
that account, ought riot the Government to pay if?
Numerous cases, upon exactly the same principle,
are paid at every session.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, if I am incorrect,
I wish the Senator from New Jersey to correct me.
He says that there is a final judgment in this case.
I have read the opinion of the judges of the Su-
preme Court to which he has referred, and 1 did
not so read it. The Supreme Court has ordered a
venire facias de novo in the case; this is not a final
decree. The case is still open to be tried befote a
jury, and may be tried before a jury, and Com-
mander Wilkes may yet be found guilty upon
the judgment of a jury and court. All that ap-
pears is, that exceptions were taken from the ruling
j of the court below, and cariied up to the Supreme
i Court. The Supreme Court does not sustain tins
j ruling of the court below on these points. But
i it does not appear that Commander Wilkes will
1 be finally discharged. But I will not consume any
i more time. The idea of illustrating the case by
' argument seems to be absurd. I ask the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ATHERTON. Mr. President, this is a
mere private claim, whether there be any merit in
it or not. And after what has been suggested by
my colleague, [Mr. Hale,] it seems to me, if there
is ever so much merit in it, that it is prema-
turely presented. It is a mere private claim,'and
we have rejected several amendments to the ap-
propriation bills on that ground. And I hope we
will not depart from that rule when there are so
many puvate claims on our hands, because in this
case the claimant is a commandant in the navy.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I do not concur
with the honorable Senator from New Hampshire
[Mr. Atiierton] that this is a mere private claim.
The case is one altogether of a peculiar complex-
ion. Commander Wilkes was in the command
of an expedition sent out for the purpose of exam-
ining the unknown regions lying far towards the
south pole. In the course of the voyage, he finds
it necessary to inflict punishment upon one man
