652
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
under hiscommand, that punishment being actu-
ally necessary to enable him to carry out the in-
structions given him by the Government,' to enable
the expedition to accomplish the object for which
it was designed. On His return he was sued (as
has teen stated by the Senator who reported this
amenam'ent from the Committee on Naval Affairs)
by that man," not upon the ground that the com-
manding officer had been guilty of any cruelty or
excess or of anything which would pain the heart of
man, (unless it be the heart of the honorable gen-
tleman from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] who
.is pained at the idea of anybody being punished,)
but upon the'ground that he had no lawful author-
ity to punish the individual. That objection was
rested upon two grounds: First, that the person
who brought the suit, being a marine, was not a
person belonging to the navy, within the meaning
of the act of Congress authorizing the infliction of
the punishment, and, therefore, he was not liable
to it. In other words, he might set the authority
of his commanding officer at defiance, and be sub-
ject to nobody. Secondly, upon the ground that
the commanding officer had no right to retain him
in the service after the term of his enlistment ex-
pired, although he was authorized to do so by the
law of Congress, and by the enlistment, signed by
the person in question, authorizing the command-
ing officer to keep him under his control during the
■whole voyage.
It was, therefore, the case of an action brought
against an officer for "the mere discharge of a public
duty.' No allegation of having inflicted excessive
•punishment was brought against the officer, except
that it was averred that he had no power of juris-
diction over the individual at all. It was a case of
expenses incurred by this officer, not on his own
account, but imposed upon him by the nedessary
condition which he occupied as commander of
public forces of this country. It was a case in
which, as a private individual, he had no interest;
in which,as a private man, he could have no action;
in which, merely as Charles Wilkes, he had no
more connection than any gentleman on this floor
has; but it is a case in which Charles Wilkes was
called upon to pay, out of his own pocket, the ex-
pense of a frivolous and malicious prosecution
brought against the commander of the squadron,
because the individual, Charles Wilkes, united that
office in his person. Under such circumstances, it
seems to me filain and evident, according to the
universal principles that govern every government
that we are bound to indemnify this officer. " Gov-
ernments are bound to indemnify their officers
engaged in the faithful carrying out of that which
is assigned to them by the Government when they
sustain losses, as in the case before us, in a strict
and faithful discharge of their public duty. It is
exactly the same principle upon which this Senate
has passed bill after bill, for the purpose of pro-
viding.remuneration to individuals whose property
has been seized for public uses, or has been de-
stroyed upon- reasonable ground of apprehension
that it might fall into the hands of the enemy, by
the military or naval officer conducting the defen-
ces, or prosecuting the lawful warlike enterprises
of the country. I can see no difference in the
world between the. two cases.- They rest upon
the same principle, and are governed by the same
rule of right.
I am aware that the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire [Mr. Hale] is of opinion that this
kind of punishment should not be, and, as far as I
know, he thinks no kind of corporal punishment
should be inflicted upon any person connected with
the public service of the Uniteii States. That is a
question to be determined by the Senate when the
proper time comes. And, though the Senator may
be right in his opinion, that is a question which
has nothing to do with the present case. No bias
should be raised against the claim of this officer
because gentlemen may think that that punishment
should be abolished. It is not abolished, it. ism
full force. And in this case, for which suit has
been brought against Commander Wilkes, it was
honestly and faithfully exercised in the discharge
of his public duty-—a duty discharged m a remote
quarter of the world, where it was absolutely in-
dispensable to the success of the enterprise, and
absolutely indispensable to the safety of the lives
of all who were intrusted to his command, that
obedience, prompt entire obedience, should be en-
forced from all under his control.
Now, sir, is this case affected at all by the con-
sideration that the Supreme.Court has ordered a
venire facias de novo to be issued ? By the power
of the CQurt that was the only judgment they could
render. They overturned the ruling of the court-
below, and therefore the only course which tliey
could pursue was to order a venire facias de novo,
in order to have the trial conducted upon the cor-
rect principles. The court determined all the ques-
tions raised in favor of the defendant. When the
case goes down to the court below,"it will of course
go ott' there for the want of further prosecution. -
1 The question now presented is'nothing more nor
less than whether the Government will indemnify
that honest and faithful public officer for the ex-
pense to which he has been put, not upon the
ground that he has been faithless to his duty, not
upon the ground that he has committed assault
and battery, as the Senator from New Hampshire
states, but upon the ground that he has been
charged with wrongfully detaining a man in the
public service, and when .it has been proved that
he has been faithful to the discharge of his duties
to the country in that detention. It seems to me,
sir, that to the extent to which the committee
thought proper, we should allow this claim. Rea-
son and justice require that he should not be sub-
jected to -the expense necessarily incurred in his
defence in a civil suit of this character. It seems
to me that we are under obligations that the officer
shall not sustain loss. That, I think, is the whole
case, independent of the question whether this
punishment shall hereafter be lawful or not. This
.case jstands entirely free from any question of that
sort. It is a case of the application of powei held
by law, without any unjust excess, without any
cruelty or wantonness. .The court have decided
that it was nghfully exercised by the officer in
question, applied justly to an individual under his
jurisdiction and control, and subject to punishment
as an individual belonging to the navy of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. BRADBURY. It must be very obvious,
from the character of this debate, that this is a
private claim—a claim made by an officer of the
navy to be reimbursed for expenses incurred in a
suit prosecuted against him. Now, there is a
large number of claims which are entitled to con-
sideration, and as well entitled to be annexed to
an appropriation bill as this. The true question
presented for the consideration' of the Senate is,
whether upon an appropriation we shall undertake
to settle private claims? The fact that this individ-
ual was an officer in the public service of the Uni-
ted States makes no difference. The honorable
Senator from North Carolina remarked, that there
were several cases of bills, of a character "similar
! to this amendment, having been passed. I noted
| that remark.
| Mr. BADGEPi, (interposing.) I would state
to the honoiable Senator from Maine, that the
bills to which I referred were not bids for the pur-
pose of reimbursing officers, but for the purpose
of relieving private persons whose property was
lost. And this is precisely upon that principle,
because the officer himself was responsible, and
the Government assumed the'debt. '
Mr. BRADBURY. lam aware that cases of
this'kind have been presented by officers claiming
to be reimbursed when they acted in a public ca-
pacity. And I would like to know if, when a pri-
vate citizen has a claim upon the Government, he
must not present his claim subject to the delays
incident'to the ordinary action of. Congress upon
claims. But when an officer of the army or navy
has a claim, it is to be taken up as a public claim,
legislated upon as though it were of a different
character, and considered as standing upon a dif-
; ferent principle. And what is the reason of this?
1 It is because the character of the individual changes
I the character of the claim. Can gentlemen give
i me any other reason ? There is no other. When-
ever this matter is presented as other claims are, it
will be proper to consider it. And I hope that this
and every other similar claim will be rejected, that
we may proceed with the appropriation bills.
! Mr. HALE. Mr. President, as I have been
j referred to the record, I want to meet this record;
I I want the people to see it. This case, as pre-
sented by the Supreme Court, presents this fact:
; an American citizen enlisted in the American navy
j upon a construction of law which he rationally'
entertained, and this citizen honestly thought that
he was not subject to the control of the commander
of the squadron,after a certain time.
Mr. WESTCOTT. I rise to a question of or-
der. There have been several speeches made on
this subject. The honorable Senator from New
Hampshire has spoken twice on this question.
For thas reason I call him to order. I do so for
the purpose of putting an end to "debate from all
The PRESIDING OFFICER decided that Mr.
HaIe was in order.
_Mr. WESTCOTT. I would inform the Senator
from New Hampshire that I meant nothing per-
sonal in calling him to order.
Mr. HALE. I am exceedingly obliged to the
Senator for his explanation. But I must say that
this question of order has been raised but twice
since I have had the honor of a seat in the Senate,
and each time it was raised by the Senator from
Florida upon the Senator from New Hampshire.
That satisfies me that there is nothing personal
about.the matter. [Great laughter.]
I want to state to the Senate the facts of the
case, as they appear upon the record of the Su-
preme Court. This man stated to the commander
that he did not believe he was under his command,
as his term of enlistment had expired. For saying
so and refusing to do duty he was flogged. After
an interval of two or three days, and after expla-
nations and exhortations to duty, and after having
time for refle'etion, he refuses to return to duty, as
he did not consider himself bound to do so, the
same number of strokes are repeated. After an-
other interval, for like purposes, and on another
refusal, the punishment was again inflicted, and
at last the man returned to duty. Here was a
question of right under the law, raised by an
American citizen who happened to be a sailor, and
the argument to him is the cat-o'-nine-tails. He
is given two or three days to reflect. Then hs is
asked, " Do you yield this question r" " Do you
yield the question of right?" Will you not obey
me, your commander?" He answers, "No."
Then comes the cat-o'-nine-tajls again. After
another interval is given for reflection, he is brought
up, and the commander asks him, " Do you now-
submit?" "Do you give up the rights of an
American citizen ?" He answers, " No." Again
he gets the cat-o'-nine-tails. After another trial
he submits, preferring submission to death under
the lash. That is the record, and it is for that we
are to pay Captain Wilkes $1,000. I leave the
subject to the Senate. ,
The question having been taken on the amend-
ment, it was decided in the negative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.*Badger, Berrien, Butler, Claike, Dayton,
Foote, Greene, Johnson of Maiyiand, Johnson of Louisiana,
Mangum, Mason, Miller, Pearee, Wales, and Yulee—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atciiison, Atherton, Benton, Brad-
bury, Bright, Cameron, Corwin, Dickinson, Dix, Dodge of
Iowa, Douglas, Downs. Ftlch, Fitzgerald, Fitzpatrick, Hale,
Hamhn, Johnson of Georgia, Jones, King, Nile.-, Phelps,
Rusk, Sebastian, Spruance, Sturgeon, Turney, Undeiwood,
and Upham—30.
Mr. PEARCE offered an amendment to autho-
rize the Secretary o( the Navy to hire suitable
accommodations, for a^term of five years, in the
new building on the corner of F and Seventeenth
streets, at a rent not exceeding one hundred and
fifty dollars per room per annum, or to purchase
the whole building, if it can be procured for a sum
not exceeding two hundred thousand dollars.
In support of the amendment he said: I have
been induced to offer this amendment, which is
similar to the one that was offered and rejected
. some days since, because I think the facts were
not then well understood by the Senate, and be-
cause I think, when they are well understood, the
Senate will perceke that this measure would be
not only economical, but conducive to the public
interests in several respects. There are ninety-
rooms in this building now occupied by various
branches of the Department of War. There are,
it appears, one hundred rooms in the building, but
there are only ninety now occupied by various
public offices. But we do not pay rent for all
these ninety rooms; some of them we are occu-
pying gratis. The necessity of some such meas-
ure as this will easily be made apparent to the
Senate by a few facts which I will briefly state. I
have a report, made by the Secretaries of War
and of the Navy in 1846, urging the erection of
public buildings, fire-proof, for the protection of
the public documents. The report says:
"The necessityfortlns building is estiemely urgent. The
inconvenience to which the public business is now exposed
is very great. The most valuable public documents are
deposited in several private buildings, winch have repeat-
