- 1849.
THE CONGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
653
edJy heen on fire, notwithstanding every precaution has
been taken for their safety. The rooms are everywhere
crowded with persons, books, papers,:models, and instru-
ments, to a degree that seiiously impedes the dispatch of
business."
Tliey urged an appropriation of'" two hundred
thousand dollars to commence the work," which,
thev said, would be safficient for that purpose.
Estimates were submitted by various persons, and
the least estimate was one for $370,000 for erecting
a buildingcontaining one hundred and twenty-ei<?ht j
small roomsor one hundred larger rooms—a build-
ing no more capacious or convenient than this
building, which can be bought for two hundred
thousand dollars. Some estimates for a large
building, containing two hundred and twelve rooms,
were as high as seven hundred thousand dollars.
But none of these estimates were satisfactory.
They were all considered to be too loose and de- |
fective as to the materials and kind of workman-
ship. This building has been erected, and found
to be very useful, and we now occupy ninety rooms.
1 have certificates from various public officers—
from Colonel Abert, Mr. Mills, architect, Mr.
Coltman, builder, and Mr. Ward, another builder.
These certificates say that this building has been
well built, from the foundation to the garret, and
.that itls constructed from the very best materials.
The testimony of Messrs. Coltman and Ward is, |
that such a building as (his could not be erected by
the Government for less than a quarter of a million.
Then we have the testimony of Dr. Harris, Dr.
.Lawson, Surgeon General of the army, Mr. Ed-
wards, Commissioner of Pensions, General Mc-
Calla, Second Auditor of the Treasury,and various
other public officers, that the mode of heating the
building by hot-water pipes is very successful, fur-
nishing a pleasant heat, and one that is very easily
controlled and regulated. Wow, sir, this makes
out the case of a building which is very suitable
for the purposes of the Government; and the pro-
priety of adopting either the whole or a part of this
amendment will be apparent when J state the fact,
that, besides the rooms which the Government
now occupy in this building, they rent rooms in
other buildings—rooms which are unsafe, not fire-
proof, and for which they pay a larger rent than is
asked for the rooms in this building. I will not
trouble the Senate with further remarks. It must
be apparent that it will be advantageous to the
Government if we adopt either the one or the other
branch of t^iis proposition.
We have had no report upon this subject sub-
mitted this session from any department, although,
X think, one was called for at an early period
of the session. But we have the testimony of
the Secretary of War and of the Secretary ot the
Navy, in a report made some time since, and then-
opinions have not changed. But things have hap-
pened since, that make it more than ever desirable
that we should have a suitable and safe building.
Since that time one of the public offices has been
destroyed by fire, and the Government has been
put to a great expense—perhaps not less than
twenty-five thousand dollars—to replace the papers
destroyed by fire last winter.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON1 moved to amend the bill by
inserting the following:
Sec. Jirvi oe it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Navy he and he is hereby authorized to enter into a
eontiliet, on the part of the Government of the United Slates,
witii such person or persons as shall have oblamed the uyht
to cotistiuct a plank road across Ihe Isthmus ot Ponama,
their associates and assigns, tor the transportation ot the
mails of the United States, and of all ainiy and naval forces,
including soldiers, marine*, and sailors, belonging to the
arrtiy find navy of the United States.over said road troni the
Atlantic to the Pacific Ocean, and lor the free use of said
road lor tfie transportation over itoi munitions of war, army
ond naval stoies, for a sum which «hall not cxceed scventy-
five thousand dollais: Prodded, That no payment shall De
made under such contract until Mich road shall be r-ofai
completed as to afford a convo\ance acioss the isthmus
within the space of twelve horns,: Jind provided, afeo, That
the contract shall be made upon the condition that the said
road be commenced within three months irom tiie date or
the contract and be completed one year thereafter: Jind pro-
vided further, That Congress may, at any time after the said
road shall have been completed and in opeiauon five year-*,
rescind the sdiw by joint ievolution.
Mr. FOOTS moved to amend the amendment
by adding thereto the following;:
Provided, also, That, if the Secretary of the Navy shall
asceitam that thctc is any company in e\i>tence duly au-
thorized to contract for the tsatifpoitation of the mail*-, the
army, naval toices, &.C., auos- the A.>thmu of Telmautepec,
and that a contract with such latter company will be, upon
the whole, more advantageous to the Government than the
contract authorized by this section to be made with &ucb
person or persons as have obtained the right to construct the
plank road herein mentioned across the Isthmus of Panama,
lie shall be and he is hereby authorized to enter into a con-
tract with such company in preference to the one mentioned
in this section, and upon similar teims.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I have no
objection to the amendment of my friend from
Mississippi. 1 have offered my amendment, be-
cause 1 beiieve that the public interests imperatively
demand that Congress should do something to fa-
cilitate communication between our Atlantic and
Pacific coast. The project proposed some time
since contemplated an expenditureof twoand a "half
millions of money. The plan which I have pro-
posed contemplates an expenditure comparatively
of a very small sum of money, and nothing is to
be paid until the road shall be so far completed
that the passage from one end of the isthmus to
the other may be made in twelve hours. And
when completed it will be a conveyance as good
for -all practical purposes as a railroad. It is
wanted. Everjf one knows that some mode of
communication, which can be completed in a very
short time, is necessary. The people cannot wait
ten, or five, or three years for the construction of \
a railroad. They want some temporary mode of '
communication, which can be completed &s speed-
ily as possible, and this is just what they want.
This road, which can be constructed in a very
short time, will answer all practical purposes,and j
will not interfere with a railroad across the isth- !|
mus of Panama, or with the project of the Senator i j
from Mississippi for a road across the Isthmus of ,i
Tehuantepec. Our citizens are flocking to the Pa- ]
cific in such vast numbers that all present modes j
of travel are completely blocked up, and the peo- |
pie are put to vast expense in order to reach those
points to which, if this road were constiucted, they
might travel for a comparatively insignificant sum.
This is but a temporary measure, and so well un-
derstood that 1 will not occupy the time of the
Senate in discussing it.
Mr. CLARKE. Mr. President, since the project ;
for a railroad across the Isthmus of Panama was ;
first presented to-the Senate, I have been impressed |
with the necessity of some more direct cotnmuni- ,
cation with our Pacific possessions, it appears to ,
me that the Government of the United States, the I
Congress of the United States,aie bound, notoniy i
from political but from moral reasons, to lurnish to \
the emigrating population of this country a safer, j
more direct, and better mode of communication
than is now possessed. It is not necessary for me 1
to state the views I have entertained for years past |
in regard to the desirableness of a more direct com-
munication between the Atlantic and Pacific. We
have now become possessed of a territory upon
that coast, in addition to the former Territory of j
Oregon, of almost incalculable value. Theharoois j
that nature has formed in the Territory of Califor- i
nia aie not surpassed by the harbors of*any coast j
in the whole world, it must be perceived that it j
cannot be Jong before the harbor of Ran Francisco j
must be one of the most important in the world, I
The population of this country is flocking to Call- j
fornia with a rapidity which has never been expe- j
rienced in the emigration from any one portion of;
the world to another. Not only are the people of:
this country flocking thither, but people from all \\
parts of the world are wending their way to Call- j,
iornia, in search of what the world calls wealth. ji
The political obligation upon the Government of j
the United States is that they should, at an early ■!
day, form a government able to protect these emi- j|
grants from the lawless violence which we know ,[
is raging there, and which might well be anticipa- t
ted. There is a moral obligation, in my opinion, .
for the United States, now possessed of the couri- |j
try to which they are inviting emigration, to fur- ij
nish the protection of law to the people who have
gone and who may yet go thither. Thousands of
our fellow-citizens have gone to California, thou-
sands are on their way there, and many thousands
more will proceed thitner m the course of the next
year', and it does seem to me that it is a matter
for weighty and serious consideration whether we
are not morally, as well as politically, bound to :
.protect those of our fellow-citizens who have left ■
their homes for that distant land irom the lawless .
violence which must reign there, unless the vicious,
| the unprincipled, and the reckless are restrained by
! the strong arm of the law. And, sir, it must be
! evident to the Senate that there is a necessity, an
j actual, absolute necessity for some more direct and
! better route from this country to our possessions ,
on the Pacific. It must be evident, that without
direct and speedy communication with that coun-
try, we cannot, except at vast trouble*an0 expense,
maintain that order among the people of that coun-
try which the well-being of society demands. We
have now a line of steamers-running from New
York to Chagres, for which the Government 'of
the United States are paying annually $290,000 for
transporting the mails alone. Up'on the Pacific
side we have another line of steamers running from
Panama to San Francisco, for which we annually
pay $200,000. These two lines, running from the
great commercial emporium of this country to San
Fqancisco, in California, are not connected. They
are separated from each other by the Isthmus of
Panama. It seems to me that no stronger proof
than this of the necessity of some communication
across the continent is needed.
We have had the proposition of Mr. Whitney
before us for a long time for a railroad to Oregon. -
We ail'know that it will take a long time before
that road can be made. We have also the mag-
nificent project lately presented by theSenator from
Missouri, [Mr. Benton.] But it will be long be-
fore thai can be executed, however desirable it may
be to form a direct communication across our own
country between the Atlantic and Pacific coasts.
Every reflecting gentleman must perceive that it will
be a long time before that project can, m any shape,
be executed. We cannot wait for the completion
of any of these great and magnificent projects.
We want some mode of communication now. The
passage around Qape Horn requires far too great
an outlay of time. The route by the way of the
Isthmus of Panama is too expensive. The over-
land route is dangerous, and must be undertaken
m military form, and is not calculated for emigra-
tion.
We have a project for crossing the Isthmus of
Tehuantepec. By an examination of the maps it
will be found that a road across that isthmus can-
not be made less than ooe hundred and sixty-five *
miles in length, which, together with canalling, and
steamboating, will make two hundred miles in the
aggregate. There is another road proposed in that
neighborhood, by way of Lake Nicaragua, which
will be some thiee or four hundred miles in length.
The road across the isthmus of Panama will be
about fifty mile3 from one extrSmi^y to the other.
And if you take neither of these routes between
this country and California, you have no other left
but the route around Cape Horn. I see by the
paper's, that witftin the last sixty or ninety days,
not less than one hundred and seventy-eight ves-
sels, perhaps two hundred, have sailed forCali-'
fornia. These ships have taken not less than_
twelve thousand passengers. From the last ac-
counts from Europe it appears that ships are leav-
ing wharves of their cities loaded with passengers,
all bound for the modern Ophir. We are all famil-
iar with these facts. They are spread before us
every morning. We all know that the route around
Cape Horn is a long one. The distance from the
port of New York"to San Fiancisco, byway of
Cape Horn, is nineteen thousand miles. *By way
of the isthmus of Panama it is only about five
thousand miles—an immense saving of distance
and of time. It seems to me that it is important
that the Government of the United States should
provide, not only for itself but for the citizens of
the United States, some more direct route, by
which the citizens who are flocking into that coun-
try could find a more direct passage, and those
who choose to return, a more ready access to their
homes. Unless something be done by the Gov-
ernment of the United States, we shall adjourn and
leave that route, and all the routes between here
and San Francisco, precisely as we found them.
The Senate of the United States and the President
of the United States, in June last, ratified a treaty
with the Government of New Granada, by which
the Government of the United States, after a long
and tedious negotiation, acquired from the Gov-
ernment of New Granada the right of way across
the isthmus of Panama, and that was deemed so
important by the President of the United States,
and the Senate of the United States, that that
treaty, guarantying, as it did, to New Granada the
neutrality of the Isthmus, was ratified by the Senate
of the United States for the purpose of securing it.
Now, I understand that the gentlemen who have
proposed to enter into contract for the transportation
of the mails, munitions of war, men, and all kinds
of supplies across the isthmus, have obtained from.
