THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
30th Congress, 2d Session.
MONDAY, MARCH 5, 1849.
New Series No. 42.
Mr. JONES said that it was his intention to
support the motion of the gentleman from Connec-
ticut, and to aid him in getting up that bill. But
before he (Mr. J.) did so, he desired to submit an
inquiry.
He was informed that the Committee of Ar-
rangements had determined that the gates of the
Capitol should be closed against all carriages and
vehicles until Tuesday morning. The mail wag-
ons, which carried the mails to and from the Cap-
itol, were excluded also. The mails were very
heavy. He could not see what disadvantages
could result from the mail wagons bringing in the
mails and carrying them out. He desired to have
an expression of the opinion of the House, that
instructions might be given for the mail wagons
to pass.
The SPEAKER said, that no Committee of Ar-
rangements had power to make any arrangements
in relation to the Capitol grounds, because they
were exclusively under the jurisdiction of the Pres-
ident of the Senate and the Speaker of the House
of Representatives.
Mr. JONES was proceeding to make a remark,
when—
Mr. SMITH claimed the floor, saying that he
could not give way for the consideration of any
other subject.
Mr. S. insisted on his motion to suspend the
rules for the purpose which he had indicated.
And the question having been taken on that
motion, and two-thirds voting in the affirmative,
the rules were suspended.
The bill was thus before t|ie House.
Its title was read in the following words:
<4An act to carry into effect certain stipulations of
the treaty between the United States of America
and the Republic of Mexico, of the 2d day of Feb-
ruary, 1848."
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
It had bfeen read in part only, when—
Mr. SMITH interposed, and said that to save
the time of the House, he would state that he was
about to move a substitute for the bill, which sub-
stitute must be read. He would, therefore, sug-
gest the propriety of suspending the further reading
of the bill.
Mr. McCLERNAND hoped the bill would be
read through.
And the reading of the bill was continued and
concluded.
Mr. SMITH then said, that he was'instructed
by the Committee on Foreign Affairs to move three
amendments to the bill.
Being apprehensive that the subject might be
involved in some confusion if he attempted to sub-
mit these amendments seriatim, he proposed, on
his own responsibility, to move a substitute for the
entire bill—which substitute would be the bill as
it camefrom the Senate, and the three amendments
recommended by the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
He moved, therefore, to strike out all after the
enacting clause of the bill, and insert the substitute,
which he would send to the Clerk's table.
The substitute was then read.
Mr. S. desired, he said, to explain very briefly
to the House the provisions of this substitute.
[Mr. S. was interrupted by a message from the
Senate, with certain bills, &c.]
Mr. S. then proceeded with his remarks. He
said that he desired to state to the House that there
were only three differences between the substitute
which he had proposed and the original lull as it
came from the Senate. The members of the House
"would find the first difference in the fifteenth Ime
of the first section of the bill. It consisted in in-
serting the words "of the first and fifth articles"
next before the words "unratified convention."
As this amendment was merely formal, and as it
had been proposed by the committee for the purpose
of making the language of the section more ex-
plicit, he deemed it unnecessary to make any re-
maiks on the sobjcct.
The next amendment, or alteration rather, would
be found commencing at the tenth line of the third
section of the bill, and was in the following words:
"Arid (he period of one year from and after the organiza-
42
tion of said board is hereby designated, within winch said
commissioners may, at the instance of any claimant or
claimants, apply, through the Secretary of State <ff the Uni-
ted States, to the Mexican Minister of Foreign Afiairs, for
all such book*, rccord*, or documents, in the possession or
power of the Government of the Mexican Republic, as shall
be deemed necessary to the just decision of any claim or
claims submitted to said board in conformity with the pro-
visions of said treaty."
The object of this amendment-(Mr. S. said) waSj
to carry into cffect a stipulation which would be
found in the fifteenth article of the treaty, and, in
the judgment of the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs, was a suitable and proper provision to be
made. As he supposed there would be no oppo-
sition to this amendment, he did not think it neces-
sary to submit any further observations on that
point.
The other difference to which he had alluded
would be found in an additional section which was
proposed to the bill, as section 9, and which he
read.
[This additional section provides that the act
shall not go into operation until from and after the
10th March, 1849.]
He did not deem it necessary to go into an ex-
position of the reasons which induced the majority
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs to come to
the conclusion- that this amendment ought to be
adopted. If honorable gentlemen felt disposed to
call for reasons, he was ready, here in his place,
to assign them.
Mr. STANTON said:
There can be no difference of opinion as to the
propriety and necessity of passing this bill in some
form. The United States have assumed the obli-
gation to satisfy the Mexican claimants; this obli-
gation, all will agree, ought to be redeemed in
good faith, and without unnecessary delay. The
only question which can produce difficulty or di-
vision will relate to the extent and character of
the obligation thus assumed by this Government.
These are to be determined upon the broad princi-
ples of justice. I do not understand that there is
any demand upon the liberality of Congress, or
that it is sought to enforce any claim of a doubtful
character. The whole case stands upon the single
ground of right. Upon this foundation alone I
propose to place it, in the examination upon which
I am now about to enter. It is due to the honor
of the Government, as well as to the demands of
the citizen, that this matter shall be decided fairly
and justly.
The amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. J. R. Ingersoll] presents the only
issues which can be made in the case. The origin-
al bill proposes to limit the indemnity to the
amount of three and a quarter millions of dollars,
according to the limitation of the treaty. The
amendment, on the contrary, has no such restric-
tion, but provides for the payment of the full
amount of all the claims which nmy be awarded
by the commissioners. Another issue, subordi-
nate to this, presented by the 4th section of the
amendment, relates to the character of the claims
adjudicated bvthe commissioners under the treaty
of 1839, and not decided by the umpire—the
amendment treating these claims as fully adjudi-
cated, while the original bill leaves them to be
again established before the new commission.
These are the main issues, presented directly and
pointedly for the decision of the House. I shall
examine them in the order in which I have stated
them.
The United States ^prosecuted the late war with
Mexico, partly at least, for the avowed purpose of
obtaining reparation for the wrongs which consti-
tute the ground of these claims. A nation is
bound to protect its own citizens, so far as it can,
against the aggressions of other Governments.
This is one of the most important objects of the
civil compact. It is true, a nation is not always
bound to go to war in order to obtain redress for
its injured citizcns. The public tranquillity may,
in some cases, be more important than the rights
of individuals, when these can be maintained only
at the expense of the public peace, and with danger
to some important general interest. In such cases.
a government might sometimes properly refuse to
go to war in order to obtain redress for the citizen.
To the Government belongs the decision of this
question.
But the United States did go to war with Mex-
ico. The outrages committed by that Government
against our citizens were repeatedly declared to.be
a sufficient cause for war; 'and throughout the
whole of the late struggle, the most prominent
avowed object put forth in all our public docu-
ments, and presented in every attempt at negotia-
tion, was, to obtain indemnity for these very
wrongs. I might content myself with this general
reference to the facts; but I will read one only,
among the many declarations of that kind to. be
found profusely scattered throughout our records
of the war. The President, in his annual message
to the last session of Congress, said:
t£A treaty of peace which would terminate the existing
war, without providing for indemnity, would enable Mex-
ico—the aeknow ledged debtor, and herself the aggressor in
the wat—to relieve her.sell'ftoin her ju&t liabilities. By such
a treaty, onr citizen4? who hohl demands agaiimt her
would "have no remedy, cither against Mexico or their own
Government. Our duty to these citizens must forever pre-
vent sueh a peace; and no treaty which doe= not provide
ample means of discharging these demands can receive my
sanction."
Such was the general character of our declara-
tions and demands. The claims of our citizens
were considered of sufficient importance to justify
the prosecution of the war upon the grandest scale.
It was upon the strength and magnitude of these
claims that our victories were pushed to the en-
emy's capital, and a magnificent portion of the
Mexican territory demanded as an indemnity. If
the United States have thus made these very claims
the chief around of the war, and have used them
as the.means of extorting from the enemy an
immense and valuable territory, it does not be-
come us now to depreciate these instruments of
victory and of imperial acquisition. We should,
at least, deal justly and fairly with the claimants.
It is due to the honor and high character of the
American Government, as well as to the rights of
those citizens who have so long pursued in vain
the redress of their aggravated injuries. They
ought not to be cut off from the smallest portion of
that which justly belongs to them, as the result of
a contest waged upon the strength of their claims.
But it is necessary to look to this result, and Jo
examine the stipulations which arc to be found in
the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, as finally rati-'
fied by Mexico and the United States. By that
treaty " the extension of the boundaries of the
United States" is made the consideiation of the
stipulations on our part. Those stipulations con-
sist, first, in the payment of fifteen millions of
dollars to Mexico; second, in the payment "to
the claimants of all the amounts now due them,
and those hereafter to become due by reason of
the claims already liquidated and decided," &c.;
the amount of these being about two millions of
dollars; and, lastly, the United States engage to
satisfy all the claims originating before the date of
the treaty, which have not heretofore been adju-
dicated and decided. This provision is contained
in the fourteenth and fifteenth articles of the treaty,
as follows:
(< Aiir. XIV. The Umted States do furthermore discharge
the Mexican Republic f om all elaimsof oiiizen&of the Uni-
ted States, not heretofore decided against the Mexican Gov-
ernment, which may have arisen previously to the date of
the signature of tbi- treatv; which discharge s-hail be final
and perpetual, whether the said claims he rejected or be
allowed by the^boaid of commissioners provided foi m the
following am Ie, and whatever shall be the total amount of
tho<?/> allowed.
"Art. XV. The United States, exonerating Mexico iiom
all demands on account of the claims of th'ur citizens men-
tioned in the preceding aiticle, and considering them en-
tiielvand forever cancelled, whatever then-amount ma^ho,
undertake to make satisfaction for the same, to an amount
not exceeding three and one quarter millions of d' lh r^. To
ascertain the validity and amount ol those claims a hoard
of commissioners shall be established by the Government <>i
the United States, who^e award* shall be imal and eori-
clu-ive: Provided, That, in deciding upon the validity of
each claim, the hoard shall he guided and governed by the
principles and rules of decision~pre?ciibed bvthe first and
fifth article* of the unratified convention, com hided at th«
city of Mexico nn the twentieth day of November, one
thousand eight hundred and forty-thiee; and m no case
