1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
son on the part of the United States, and Messrs. Bocane-
gra and Trigueras on the part of Mexico."
Now, the difficulty to be solved here, is, how
these claims are to be considered. Shall they be
deemed to have been already adjudicated, or must
the claimants be requited to establish them again
before the new board of commissioners to be ap-
pointed by our Government?
It may be said this will be a question for the
decision of that board. But, in my judgment, it is
a question which can be more properly determined
here, and which ought to be settled in the law es-
tablishing the commission. The situation of these
claims is certainly peculiar. They have already
undergone a judicial examination, and the. reason
should be a strong and clear one, which would
require them to be again subjected to tjie same
process. The Government will surely not be anx-
ious to put the parties to any unnecessary trouble
and expense; and still less, if the only result must
be, either a loss to the Government itself, or a
positive injustice to the claimants. If these ac-
counts are to be reexamined, they may be increased
in amount by the new board to the detriment of
the United States. But if they should be dimin-
ished in amount, this advantage to the Govern-
ment will be obtained, not without the most se-
rious imputation upon the fairness and justice of
its proceedings throughout the whole matter. It
is plain that these claims were considered as adju-
dicated before we entered upon the war, and while
we were prosecuting it. Mr. Buchanan's despatch,
already quoted, says, "to obviate this injustice,
* and to provide for the decision of other claims of
4 American citizens, amounting to $3,330,837 05,
* which had been submitted too late to be con-
sidered by the board, a third convention was
s signed." A broad distinction is made between
these and the other claims. Even in this new con-
vention they are placed upon a footing wholly dif-
ferent from that of those demands which had not
been acted upon at all. By this third convention,
which was not however ultimately ratified, these
claims were not to be again contested before the
board of commissioners, but were to be submitted
only to an umpire. We were then dealing with
Mexico. The American Government, by its con-
stituted tribunal, had already declared in fjvor of
these claims, both as to the principles involved and
the amounts awarded. Wedeemed them as adjudi-
cated—Mexico alone disputed them. And we
were pressing her simply for the appointment of
an umpire to decide between us. But now, Mex-
ico is out of the question, and the matter lies be-
tween the Government and its own citizens. What
position shall be taken m this new state of things?
Shall the Government impose upon its citizens
more rigorous terms than Mcxioo was disposed to
demand? While she demanded only an umpire,
ehall we insist upon reopening the proofs before a
new board of commissioners to be appointed by
the interested party? The very utmost which this
Government could claim, upon any honest princi-
ple, would be to select a disinterested umpire to
determine the points at issue between the commis-
sioners appointed by the American Government
and those appointed by the Mexican. But this
has not been provided for, as will be seen by ref-
t erence to the treaty.
In those articles of the treaty already quoted, it
will be seen that the new board which is to be
established by this bill is to be "guided and gov-
* erned'by the principles and rules of decision pre-
4 scribed by the first and fifth articles of the unrati-
* lied convention concluded at the city of Mexico
4 on the 20th November, 1843." Now that fifth
article is in the following words:
"All claims of citizens of the United States against the
Government of the Mexican Republic, w hieli w ere consid-
ered hv the commissioners and retried to the umpire ap-
pointed under the convention of the Uth Apni, 3^39. and
.which were not decided by him, --hail be teiened to and
decided by the umpite to be appointed as psovnb-d lv, tins
convention, on the points submitted to the utnpue under
the late convention, <*nd hi*5 decision shul! be final and con-
clusive. It i* a!>o auieed, that it the re-peeuvc commis-
sioners eh All deem it e.vpedunt, the\ mnv submit to die. said
arbitei new argument:! upon the t ud cla-in-." '
This article is, in effect, adopted by the present
treaty; and by it these claims are evidently treated
as having been decided fully on our part. If not,
why was not an arbiter provided for to decide be-
tween our Government and the claimants? If it
be bdid that the United States a:e substituted for
Mexico, and now possess all the rights of the
latter, these rights extend no further than to the
privilege of submitting these claims to a disinter-
ested third party, who shall impartially arbitrate
between the two. But then the position of our
Government would be awkward in the extreme.
Formerly we stood in opposition to Mexico,
making war upon her on account of these claims;
but now, standing in the shoes of Mexico, we
squabble with the citizen as to the amount of his
demand.
It may be said, however, that this board of
commissioners will constitute the umpire. This
would be a strained construction under any cir-
cumstances: but the latter clause of the article just
quoted renders it wholly absurd. It is there pro-
vided, u that if the respective commissioners shall
deem it expedient, they may submit to the said arbiter
neio arguments upon the said claims.''1 The Ameri-
can commissioners, the appointees and represent-
atives of our Government on the one side, and
those of the Mexican on the other, are here placed
almost in the position of advocates submitting
arguments in favor of their respective clients—
Mexico and the United States: so completely did
the Government consider itself committed by the
decision of that part of this complex tribunal,
which had been appointed by itself to determine
the rights of its citizens.
If this be not the construction to be placed upon
the treaty, I ask why this fifth article of the unrat-
ified convention of 1843 was referred to at all? It
cannot have the slightest application to any other
class of claims; and if it be not construed according
to the views presented, it must be treated as a per-
fect nullity—a senseless and absurd application of
,words without meaning. But it is a well settled
principle of law, applicable here as in all other
cases, that every provision of an instrument is to
be made effective, if possible, and none is to be re-
jected, unless it be absolutely impossible togive to
it a rational and consistent import. How can this
fifth article be construed—how made to conform to
the fact that the treaty makes no provision for the
appointment of an umpire, to whom alone this
class of claims is to be referred? Tiieanswer,it
seems to me, is \ery obvious. The language of
, the fifteenth article of the treaty is, that " the
' board shall be guided and governed by the prin-
' ciples and rules of decision of the first and fifth
' articles of the unratified convention." Now,
what principle is established by the fifth article?
Clearly, that our Government is fully committed
in regard to these claims—that on our part they
are abjudicated—and that a reexamination of them
by a board of commissioners is wholly unneces-
sary, and, indeed,repugnant to the position which
has heretofore been uniformly assumed in regard
to them. If this principle—the principle of con-
sistency—is not involved in that article, what
principle is involved, or what rule can be drawn
from it, to bear any operation in the case what-
ever? Why was not an umpire provided ? Simply
because the whole article is based upon the prin-
ciple that our Government, on its part, is already
satisfied, and Mexico being placed out of the case
by the treaty, no umpire was necessary. This is
the only construction which can possibly be placed
upon it to give it any force or effect. I cannot
conceive how this provision can be otherwise ap-
plied. This is the only living, intelligent principle
contained in it, when considered in reference to the
treaty by which it is adopted. Mexico having sur-
rendered her opposition, and the United States
having already by commissioners determined the
validity of these claims, there is no alternative left
but to pay them.
So far, I have confined myself to a strictly legal
view of the duties and obligations of the Govern-
ment, arising from a fair construction of the lan-
guage of the treaty. There are, however, other
highly important considerations, of a different
character, indeed, but not less persuasive and in-
fluential than those already presented.
These claims have already been adjudicated by
commissioners of the highest character for ability
and integrity. The claimants had no part in the
choice of these commissioners; they were selected
by the Government, and performed the functions
of judicial officers. Every presumption, there-
fore, must be in favor of the decisions of this tri-
bunal, and so far as the Government is conccined,
these decisions ought to stand uuiinpeached.
There is no circumstance to excite the slightest
suspicion that the American commissioners have
acted unfairly or awarded extravagant sums. They
acted under oatji. They awarded less than halt:
what the claimants demanded, and the Mexicaa
commissioners did not object to the amounts
allowed, but to the principles decided.
Again, it is stated in the report of th# commis- *
sioners to the Secretary of State, and I believe the
fact is not disputed, that the Mexican commission-
ers withdrew and carried off with them, the most •
important documentary evidence without which
the claimants cannot expect to obtain justice in
any reinvestigation which may take place. It is
true, the treaty makes it the duty of the Mexican
Government to restore these papers, or to furnish
copies of such as may be in its possession. But
what probability is there that these papers, which
contain the evidence of large indebtedness on the
part of Mexico, have been carefully or faithfully
kept? JThe contrary is the most reasonable sup-
position. In this state of things, it would be ex-
tremely unjust to force these parties to submit to
a new examination. Our Government stands in
the- shoes of Mexico; but Mexico has unfairly
and unjustly abstracted the proofs upon which
the claims rest. And now we insist that the par-
ties shall again establish their demands! A more
unjust and unprincipled exercise of sovereign
power for the oppiession of the citizen could not
be conceived.
Many of these claims have been in existence
for thirty years, and all of them are now of long
standing. They have already been postponed
after another class of claims having no higher
merits have been settled and fully paid. And if
it should now be determined that they shall un-
dergo another examination before the new com-
mission, this partiality and injustice will be stiU
further aggravated.
But what will be the position of our Govern-
ment, in the eyes of the whole world, if these
claims are to be sent to a new commission under
all the disadvantages already shown, in order to
be reduced in amount? If not reduced in amount,
the Government will derive no advantage. But if
they should be thus reduced, we place ourselves
in the disgraceful attitude of having one set of
commissioners to award a large sum when Mex-
ico is to pay; and another set of commissioners to
curtail that sum, by all sorts of means, when we
ourselves have assumed the payment. If we have
any regaid for the honor of the country—if we
have heretofore believed in the justice of her pro-
ceedings and desire to maintain her high reputa-
tion hereafter—we will not permit her to be placed
in this more than questionable position befoie the
eyes of the world.
For all these reasons, I think the amount'of
these claims ought to be considered as fixed and
settled. I have already attempted to show the ob-
ligation of the Government to pay the whole
amount of just claims which were due from Mex-
ico. If the entire amount is not to be paid—if the
indemnification is to be confined to the three and a
quarter millions of the treaty—then the whole of
this class of claims, though considered as settled
in amount, will be obliged to wait for their adjust-
ment until the whole business of the commission
shall be closed. Until that time, it will be impos-
sible to determine the pro rata sum to which these
claimants will be entitled. Thus a new cause of
delay will intervene, and double injustice be done
to citizens who have so long suffered from foreign
aggression without redress.
The positions I have assumed, or rather the con-
clusions arrived at, may seem to be extravagant.
But I arc persuaded that any one who will exam-
ine the subject closely and impartially must arrive
at the same results. Put out of view the power of
the Go\ernment to give or withhold this indem-
nity—look upon it as subject to the control of the
ordinary principles of right which obtain between
man and man, owing protection to the citizens in
• return for this allegiance, and bound to do him full
justice although he has no power to enforce hi3
'claim looking upon the relations of the Govern-
ment with the citizen in this .light, it seems to me
impossible to deny the conclusions to which my
arguments have conducted me.
Mr. J. R. INGER80LL gave notice of a sub-
stitute which he should offer for the bill.
Some conveisation took place between Messrs.
COLLAMER, STANTON, and th- SPEAKER,
as to the precise state of Hie pending question.
Mr. COLLAMER said he understood both the
propositions to bejn the nature of .substitutes. Hq
