660
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
objected to the amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. J. R. Ingersoll.] He un-
derstood that gentleman's amendment to provide
for the payment of those claims which have only"
been awarded by" the American commissioners,
and never passed upon by the umpire. That he
understood to be the first point of the gentleman's
bill. The next point of the bill, as he understood
it, went on" to provide for paying these claims in
fall, as fast S3 they should be allowed by our
commissioners, without regard to the limitations
of the treaty to three and a quarter millions of dol-
lars. We did not yet know whether the sum of
all these claims would exceed that limitation or
not. As a general rule, it was far from being ju-
dicious to provide for a state of things which we
do not know will ever arrive. There was no cer-
tainty that the sum of these claims, when they
should all come to be passed upon and alkiwed,
 would exceed the three and a quarter millions.
The proposition was to pay in full, instead of pro
r'ata, in the event that they should exceed the lim-
itation in the treaty; and in that event, the ques-
tion would certainly arise, whether they should
not all be paid pro rata. It was injudicious and
unwise thus to provide for these payments in full,
because, by taking away the limitation, it would
deprive the Government of the advantage of the
exposures of fraudulent claims, which the claim-
ants themselves were now interested in pointing
out. He would first see what these claims are,
ascertain the sum of them, and then provide for
their payment.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, said the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania was a
proposition professing to carry into effect certain
stipulations of the late treaty between the Govern-
ment of the United States and the Government of
Mexico. Any gentleman, upon hearing the title
of such a bill, would be inclined at once to give it
his concurrence. But it was not a bill to carry the
treaty into effect. It was contrary to the treaty,
and went right in the' face of it. He then pro-
ceeded to show, that hy the thirteenth article of
the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, the United States
had assumed the payment of all the claims of our
citizens against Mexico which have heretofore
been regularly adjudged and allowed; that by the
fourteenth article of the treaty, the United States
were to adjudicate and pay all the claims not here-
tofore decided upon; and that by the fifteenth ar-
ticle, the United States exonerated Mexico from
the. payment of these claims of our citizens, and
undertook to make satisfaction for them, to an
amount not exceeding three and a quarter millions
of dollars.
He then read the fourth section of the bill pro-
posed hy the gentleman from Pennsylvania, and
proceeded to show how the bill conflicted with the
treaty. By the treaty, it was agreed that we
should pay those claims already adjudicated, and
adjudicate and pay others yet undecided, with a
limitation as to the amount; but the bill proposed
to pay them in full, and at once, uninvestigated,
and whether just or unjust. He denounced the
bill as a proposition to plunder the treasury, and
as carrying a falsehood on the very face of it.
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Stanton]
had said that the Government had appointed a com-
mission to make these claims as large as possible.
Mr. STANTON said he did not say that the
Government had appointed a commission to make
these claims as large as possible; but he had said,
that if we now undertake to diminish these awards,
-we would lender ourselves liable to the suspicion
of having done such a thing. He said, also, that
for the honor of the country, these awards ought
to be paid.
Mr. EVANS continued. He considered the
gentleman's conclusion a perfectnonsequitur. We
were not bound to pay all these claims in full,
under the present state of things. He declared
his intention, at the proper time, to move to strike
out the fourth section of the bill; and if he could
not do that, he should move to lay the whole con-
cern upon the table.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL said the remarks of the
gentleman from Maryland appeared to be directed
only against the title of the bill, as open to his fair
and conclusive objections.
Mr. SMITH, of Connecticut, inqnired of the
Chair whether the amendment contemplated in the
remarks of his friend from Maryland was now
before the House ?
The SPEAKER'S reply was not heard.
Mr. INGERSOLL said "he had offered his
amendment, about ten minutes ago, with the view
of its being read for the information of the gentle-
man from Vermont, [Mr. Collamek.] He should
have then offered it to the consideration of the
House, if he had been assured that it was in order
to do so. He now asked the Speaker if it was in
order to move a substitute for the bill reported by
the gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr. Smith.]
The SPEAKER said it would he in order for
the gentleman to move to strike out from the bill
anything less' than the whole.
Mr. INGERSOLL then moved to strike out
from the original bill all after the word "That,"
and insert the bill which he had presented, by way
of amendment.
In reply to the gentleman from Maryland, he
said, the arguments and suggestions of that gen-
tleman were directed entirely against the title of
the bill; and he submitted that such a course of
opposition was entirely unparliamentary, for the
reason that the title of a bill, or the preamble, con-
stituted no part of the law. He referred to the
preamble of a certain law of Congress, passed
some three years ago—in May, 1846—to which
many gentlemen were opposed; yet they voted for
the bill, because they knew the preamble consti-
tuted no part of the law. They voted for the bill
furnishing troops and supplies, notwithstanding
their opposition to the preamble, considering the
imminent peril of our little army and its gallant
i chief. He believed the gentleman himself would
[ acknowledge the manifest impropriety of the ap-
| plication of his remarks. There was a proper
stage in the progress of every bill when the title
1 of it might be changed, and made what it ought to
be; but it was neither parliamentary nor regular
to make objections to a bill because it may have a
wrong title.
The bill which he now proposed to amend, by
way of substitute, was prepared under the direction
of the Committee on Foreign Relations, and was,
in a great degree, conformable to the bill passed
by the Senate. He would, for a moment, look at
the distinction between the proposed substitute and
the bill before the House.
The bill, as reported from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, proposed to pay certain claims of
our citizens—formerly upon the Government of
Mexico, but now upon the United States, by reason
of the extinction of their claims by the authority
of the United States—against the Government of
Mexico. The bill proposed to pay these claims
pro rata. It also proposed that the amount to
be thus paid should be limited to three and a
quarter millions. He desired to be distinctly un-
| derstood as acting disinterestedly in this matter.
He was without even an intimate acquaintance
with any man at all interested in these claims.
, But he felt that the payment of these claims was
due, and that the Constitution and laws of the
United States,and of every free country, absolutely
imposed their payment upon us as a duty. The
bill proposed to ascertain the entire justice of every
claim, and the amount of them all, and then dis-
tribute the three and a quarter millions amongst all
the claimants pro rata.
What he proposed as a substitute, he would
state with as much brevity a;3 possible. It was,
that every claim which should be found to be
justly due from this Government to the citizens of
the United States, by reason of the treaty which
had made this Government thus responsible, should
be paid in full, instead of a pro rata payment,
whether the sum of them should be three and a
quarter millions, or six and a quarter millions :
that they should be paid, without regard to the lim-
itation made in the treaty. His proposition was,
that these claimants should all be paid in full, and
not in any limited, stinted, pro rata way. This,
as far as he recollected, was the objection of the
gentleman from Maryland. Another provision of
his bill was, that reports afe to be made by the
commissioners, from time td time, of such claims
as shall be allowed, and certificates of stock, bear-
ing interest at six per cent., shall be issued to the
claimants. To this, he understood the gentleman
from Vermont to object.
These objections were made to the bill in limine,
because the precise stipulations of the treaty were
not legarded in it. But the bill proceeded upon
the principles of justice, and upon the constitution-
al principle which prescribes, that " private prop-
erty shall not be taken for public use" without a
just indemnity. He proceeded to state that the
Government of the United States bad, by its para-
mount authority, deprived its own citizens of the
right to prosecute their claims against Mexico, and
that their case demanded the most ample relief,
upon every principle of law and justice.
Mr, SCHENCK would not make an argu-
ment, but desired simply to state how far he was
prepared to go with the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Ingersoll,] and wherein consisted
the difficulty with him. The United States, by
the 14th article of the treaty, having discharged
Mexico from all liability and indebtedness to our
citizens, ought not to be permitted to limit the
amount of the liability thus taken upon herself.
She ought to pay every cent of these claims, even
if they were to amount to twenty millions. The
United States Government had taken upon itself
the payment of these claims, as a portion of the
price to be paid for the purchase of territory from
Mexico, or for the purchase of a pcace. This
purchase was for the common benefit—if benefit
and not mischief was in the bargain at alt—of the
common country. The claims had been .used as
the price with which to make the purchase. It
was like any other case where " private property
had been taken for public uses;" and full compen-
sation ought to be made. That was but simple
justice.
His difficulty was in relation to the provision of
the substitute for the payment of claims not yet
decided upon against Mexico. By the 33th article
of the treaty it was agreed that all the claims which
had been decided against Mexico should be paid.
That was well. Let them be paid. But his opin-
ion was, that those other claims, which have not
been decided by the commissioners appointed for
that purpose, ought to be left open to be settled
by a future commission. These claims were not
liquidated and decided against Mexico any more
than arbitrators may be said to have decided in a
ease where one of the arbitrators has given an
opinion one way, and the other an adverse opinion?
and the umpire has not decided between them.
Mr. INGERSOLL explained, that the substi-
tute-bill proposed that this class should be consid-
ered as liquidated claims; and this was the chief
difference between it and the original bill. The
acting of the United States Commissioners by
whom these claims were all decided against Mex-
ico, was of ajudicial character: and if the claims
had never been acted on at all by the Mexican
commissioners, but simply acquiesced in, the de-
cision would have been conclusive against the Gov-
ernment of Mexico, as it was now against the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, (interposing, and Mr.
I. yielding,) said he had an amendment which he
desired to have read for information, and which
would remove his objection to the substitute, and
perhaps that of the'gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Schenck.]
The amendment was then read, and is as fol-
lows :
All claims of citizens of the United States, leferr^d to in
the said fifth article of the unratified convention, shall be
submitted, upon the cases made and referred, to the umpire,
under the convention of the 11th April, 1839, to the board
of commissioners provided for by this act, and be finally
decided and adjudicated by said board, in place and stead of
said umpire, and with like force and effect as if decided by
said umpire; but s-aid commissioners may, m their discre-
tion, or, on the application of claimants jn interest in any
particular claim, direct a new argument and hearing of
counsel upon such claims. And in all cases m which the
strength of the documentary evidence shall appear to have
been impaired by the abstracnon of papers hy the Mexican
commissioners appointed to carry into effect the convention
of lh39, after claims had been submitted and left by the um-
pire undecided, the inteiests of the claimants shall be en-
titled to the most favoi able conduction ; and the said com-
missioners shall receive and consider such evidence as may
be adduced by the said claimants to supply the place of any
testimony so impaired or abstracted, giving to it &ueh weight
as they may con>ider it entitled to, for the purpose of doing -
substantial justice.
Mr. INGERSOLL continued. He understood
the object of that amendment to be, to submit
those claims which had been already decided to
the judgment of new commissioners. One objec-
tion to that proposition was, that the necessary
evidence by which many of these claims had been
substantiated had been taken away, and was per-
haps irrecoverable. He knew there wjis a pro-
vision in the bill by which demands might be
made upon Mexico for such evidence, but it might
also be withheld. He would remind the House
