1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
061
that all these cases were of this character. Both
' the American and the Mexican commissioners had
awarded large sums of money to those claimants;
but the American commissioners awarded larger
sums than the Mexican commissioners. These
oases would go over to the umpire* thus neutral-
ized; and the individuals who were clearly entitled
to large amounts of money would be thus denied,
and.kept out of their rights.
[He continued for some time to elaborate and
enforce these considerations, but in the midst of so
much promiscuous conversation in the Hall, that
the reporter cannot extend the sketch.]
Mr. BURT said he desired to submit a very-
few remarks on the subject now before the House.
It was well known that the Government of the
United States, by a late treaty with the Govern-
ment of Mexico, assumed liabilities to the citizens
of the United States for their just claims against
the Government of Mexico. In performing the
duty imposed by that treaty, it was proposed to
establish a commission to investigate and ascer-
tain such claims as were just. It was proposed
by the gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr. Smith,]
the chairman of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, and by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. J. R. Ingersoll,] who had just taken his
seat 
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. VINTON interposed, and asked the gen-
tleman from South Carolina [Mr. Burt] to yield
the floor for a moment.
Mr. BURT having done so—
Mr. VINTON said that the bill making appro-
priations for the support of the army, and the bill
making appropriations for certain fortifications had
been returned from the Senate with some amend-
ments. The House was now acting under a sus-
pension of the rules, which put it out of his power
to move to go into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union upon the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill, to which there was a great mass
of amendments. He proposed, therefore, that
the army bill and the fortification bills should be
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and that (he committee have leave to sit now.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, suggested that there
were a number of Senate bills on the Speaker's
table, and that it would be better to take them up
in their order.
Mr. VINTON said he hoped the proposition he
had made would not be objected to; that the bills
would be referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means; and that the committee might have a ses-
sion now, while the debate on the Mexican claims
bill was going on. He did not know what other
time the committee could have.
Mr. WENTWORTH objected.
Mr. KAUFMAN inquired of the Speaker,
whether it would be in order to move a suspension
of the rules ?
The SPEAKER said it would not. The House
was already acting under a suspension of the rules.
MEXICAN CLAIMS.
Mr. BURT resumed his remarks.
The gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Smith]
and the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. J. R.
Ingersoll] had each submitted a plan for the per-
formance of this duty. Mr. B. referred to the pro-
visions of the two plans. He utteily protested
against both. No man who knew him would sus-
' pect that he was capable of violating the faith of
the Government. It was their duty to establish
a commission, and to proceed at once to the ascer-
tainment of these claims; but beyond that, the
House should not be urged by any consideration,
by the importunities of agents, or claimants, or
other instrumentalities, to proceed at this moment.
If the proposition of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania should be adopted, he (Mr. B.) pledged
whatever was valuable to him for the truth of the
assertion, that fifteen millions of dollars would not
pay the claims.
If the proposition of the gentleman from Con-
necticut should be adopted, it would be but the
beginning of this thing. If Congress should at
this time appropriate the sum of twenty-five mil-
lions, he (Mr. B.) was authorized to say, from
his own knowledge of some of the claims, that the
amount would not be sufficient to pay them.
And here he desired to inquire of the chairman
of the Committee on Foieign Affairs, whether he
had applied to the Secretary of State for informa-
tion in relation to these claims? Had he consulted
the correspondence which passed between General
Waddy Thompson, late minister to Mexico, and
Mr. Webster, late Secretary of State, in relation
to these claims?
Mr. SMITH. In reply to the question of my
honorable friend, I desire to say, that in discharge
of my duty as a member of the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, I did not think it necessary to enter
at all into an investigation of the merits of these
claims.
Mr. BURT—complimenting the diligence of Mr.
Smith in the peiformance of his duties, and that
sort of rectilinear propriety which was character-
istic of his section of country—thought that the
gentleman had been remiss in asking three millions
of dollars to pay claims before he had satisfied
himself that the amount was due.
He (Mr. B.) was authorized to say that the late
Minister of the United States in Mexico refused,
in his official character, to present some of the
claims about which the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Ingersoll] and the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] had spoken so feel-
ingly here to-day. He had refused to degrade
himself and his country by the presentation of
such claims as some of them were. He refused
to submit an argument in favor of them. And he
felt himself authorized to say, from information
of the most authentic character, that the just claims
which remained to be paid would not amount to
one million of dollars; and yet he told this House
that if they did not make these claimants interested
in reducing the claims of each other, twenty-five
millions of dollars would be insufficient to pay
them. He protested against this House lending
itself to a transaction so foul. He protested that
they should not do that which even the claimants,
with all their effrontery, almost blushed to do, and
which our minister abroad had scorned to do. Let
the amount that was justly due be ascertained, and
then let it be paid.
[Mr. HAMPTON, of New Jersey, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, made a report.] |
Mr. SMITH, of Connecticut, said, he desired 1
to occupy only a very brief space of the time of
the House. He wished also to say to the friends :
of the bill, that unless they would permit it to be
brought to a vote, and that right speedily, the state
of the public business was such, that he should
feel it to be his duty to move that the bill be laid
on the table. Tf he could have been permitted to
manage this bill by gentlemen who concurred in
opinion with him in relation to it, he could have
carried it through this House more than an hour
ago.
In answer to the objection stated by his honor-
able friend from South Carolina, [Mr. Burt,] to
making an appropriation at this time, he (Mr. S.)
had to say, that the bill, in this respect, was drawn
exactly as all other bills had been drawn from the j
foundation of the Government to this time. It was .
drawn in conformity with precedent. We had j
stipulated in the treaty with Mexico, that what- j
ever a board should decide to be due, this Gov- '\
ernmcnt should pay. Why, then, not make the i
appropriation now? What use was there in post- ;j
poning it, since, after there had been an adjudica- !;
tion by the board,.Congress would be bound by the ■ j
treaty,to make the appropriation. n
lie trusted, therefore, that the House would [i
pass the bill in the form in which it came from -
the Senate, notwithstanding the objections of his J
friend from South Carolina. And he (Mr. S.) i 
desired to say here, that he accorded fully in the j!
opinion expressed by that gentleman—that these '
claims, many of them at least, as he believed, ,
were in a high degree fraudulent.
But it was no part of the duty of the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs to investigate the merits of
these claims. It was their duty to drasv up a bill /
to carry into effect the stipulations of the treaty.
That treaty stipulated that a board of commission-
ers, and not the Committee on Foreign Affairs, ;
should decide on the validity of the claims. The !
Senate, theiefore, had proposed a bill m which the ;
Committee on Foreign Affairs of this House unani- j
mously concurred, and the proposition which had .1
been submitted by his friend from Pennsylvania ,
[Mr. Ingersoll] underwenta full consideration m j.
the committee and was voted down. ]\
We had now an extraoidinary proposition '!
brought in here emanating from, or rather sug- ;
gested in the first instance by, his honorable friend >i
from Indiana, [Mr. Smith.] H« (Mr. S.) saw
that this proposition was not in the handwriting
of his friend, and he ventured to suggest to the
House (although he was prepared to do ample
justice to the gentleman's motives) that this most
artful and adroit proposition emanated from some
one of the numerous agents who had been prowl-
ing around this Capitol during the whole of the
present session. What was it? It proposed to
alter the'rule of evidence on this subject, and it
j placed a certain class of claimants before the com-
missioners in a better condition than they would
be according to the rules of evidence adopted under
the common, law. That could not be done con-
sistently with the provisions of the treaty. He
had said he would be brief, and he would not,
therefore, occupy the time of the House with
more full explanations.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL said he had not seen,
and did not to this moment know, the contents of
the amendment referred to.
Mr. SMITH. Exactly so; and yet my worthy
and most excellent friend has adopted it as his
own. This cunning proposition, which had been
brought in here, not proposing, as his friend [Mr.
Ingersoll] in his frank and open manner had
done, to pay these claimants in full out of ,th«
treasury of the United States, was a poor, and he
was about to say, a miserable arrangement, chan-
ging the rules of evidence, and giving to one class
of claimants advantages which others did not pos-
sess.
And now be wanted to trip up the whole foun-
dation of this argument, and of the strong appeal
which hade been made to the House. He could,
he said, lay it by the heel. Gentlemen assumed
that there were a set of very honest claims against
the Government; while the war with Mexico was
pending, anything that could be got up in the na-
ture of a claim was considered valid, whether it
had form or circumstance about it or not. His
friend assumed that the claims would amount te
more than three and a quarter millions of dollars.
In answer, all he (Mr. S.) had to say was, that if
this House would only adopt the ninth section—*
that was to say, the proposition to give to one
Zachary Taylor the appointment of the board, he
(Mr. S.) was willing to stake his life that these
claims never would amount to three and a quarter
millions of dollars. They never would amount to
any such sum. He was not in favor of committing
the Government now. He proposed to carry the
treaty into effect—to pay the three and a quarter
millions of dollars pro rata. He was not for saying
now, that we would pay in full. Let the board
investigate, and see whether the just claims ex-
ceeded that amount. They could be submitted to
a future Congress, and he had no doubt that entire
justice would be done.
Mr. S. concluded his remarks by moving the
previous question.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, moved to lay the
bill on the table; (but this motion was not per-
sisted in or entertained.)
Mr. NICOLL asked the gentleman from Con-
necticut [Mr. Smi'i^i] to waive his demand for the
previous question, to enable him (Mr. N.) to offer
an amendment.
The SPEAKER said no other amendment was
in order.
The demand for the previous question was then
seconded-; and the main question was ordered to
be taken.
The first question was on the modified amend-
ment of Mr. J. R. Ingersoll.
The amendment of Mr. Smith, and the amend-
ment of Mr. Ingersoll were again read.
Mr. BllODIIEAD asked the yeas and nays on
Mr. Ixgersoll's amendment; but withdrew the
demand.
Tellers were asked and refused.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment of Mr. Ingersoll was rejected.
And the amendment of Mr. Smith was then
agreed to.
Mr. THOMPSON,ofMississippi, asked for the
reading of the bill, as amended; and it was read.
Mr.'"BURT. I believe the previous question
has been ordered.
The SPEAKER. The previous question is still
in operation.
Mr. BURT. I rise to ask leave of the House
to make a single suggestion. It is, that, as «Le
previous question has been ordered, and the bill is
