THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
incapable of amendment, that upon the motion
Which 1 propose to make, it be laid upon the table,
and I will then offer the proposition which 1 hold
in my hand for the establishment of a commission
to investigate these claims.
[Cries of " Order."}
Mr. BURT moved to lay the bill on the table;
and on that motion asked the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, were—yeas 43, nay3 152.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
The question recurring on ordering the amend-
ment to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a
third time, was taken and agreed to.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, asked if the amend-
ment had been engrossed.
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
The bill was read a third time, and the question
being upon its passage—
Mr. SMITH, of Connecticut, moved the pre-
vious question.
Mr. .TONES, of Tennessee. Have I not the
right to ask for the reading of the bill r
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. JONES. 1 ask for its reading, then, as I
could not get the amendment read.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read through.
It was read accordingly, (from the engrossed
copy.)-
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, moved to reconsider
the vote on the engrossment, f6r the purpose (he
said) of striking out the sixth and eighth sections
of tne bill. He was in favor of appointing a com-
mission to adjudicate the claims, but there was no
necessity of making the appropriation now. He
wanted to carry outthe treaty, but he was opposed,
by making the appropriations in advance, to tempt
the commissioners to make the amount adjudica-
ted as large as possible.
Mr. POLLOCK moved to lay the motion to le-
consider on the table. Agreed 10.
The question recurring on seconding the demand
for the previous question—
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, inquired if
it would be in order to have the fifth and sixth
Sections read ?
The SPEAKER. Not except by unanimous
consent.
Objection was made.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question was ordered.
Mr. ROOT asked the yeas and nays^on the pas-
sage of the bill, which were refused.
And the question "Shall this bill pass ?n was
then taken and decided in the affirmative, without
a division.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. CLINGrMAN moved a reconsideration of
the vote, and that that motion be laid on the table.
And it was ordered accordingly.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. VINTON said that he had before him the
bill making appropriations for the civil and diplo-
matic expenses of the Government, which he was
directed by the Committee of Ways and Means
to report back to the House. It had been returned
from the Senate with amendments. The commit-
tee had agreed to some of the amendments, dis-
agreed to others, and agreed to some with amend-
ments. He asked leave to report the bill and move
its reference to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. WENTWORTH objected.
Mr. VINTON moved a suspension of the rules,
to allow him to report the bill.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved to amend the mo-
tion, so as to suspend the rule generally for bills
on their first and second reading.
The SPEAKER said the motion was not amend-
able.
The question was then taken, and the rules were
suspended—two-thirds having voted in the affirm-
ative.
Mr. VINTON thereupon reported the bill.
And, on his motion, it was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
BILLS BETWEEN THE TWO HOUSES.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the Senate, informing the House that
that body had suspended the sixteenth joint rule
of the two Houses for the residue of the present
session, so as to admit bills to be sent from one
House to the other.
The question was on concurrence in the reso-
lution.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, said he hoped the House
would not concur. He had no doubt; he said, that
the Hous® would, on any question where it was
important that it should be done, concur in sus-
pending the rule; but he was unwilling to make it
general, and for that reason objected to it. If the
matter was now before the House, he would move
that the resolution be laid on the table. At any
time when it might be necessary, the rules could
be suspended by a vote of two-thirds.
The resolution was laid informally on theSpeak-
cr'a table.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. VINTON- desired to offer a resolution, that
when the .House should go into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on the bill making
appropriations for the civil and diplomatic expen-
ses of the Government, all debate should termi-
nate in fifteen minutes.
The SPEAKER said the motion could only be
made by general consent, or under a suspension of
the rules.
Mr. KJNG, of Georgia, asked that the House
might be called to order. Nothing, he said, could
be heard. 4
Mr. BOTTS said that a few days ago he had
moved to reconsider a vote on a certain bill grant-
ing the right of way to a certain railroad, (the
name of which was not heard.) He had since ex-
amined the bill, and was satisfied that it was not
liable to the objections that he'supposed. He
therefore wished to withdraw the motion to re-
consider.
The SPEAKER said the motion could only be
withdrawn by unanimous consent.
Mr. ROOT objected, because, he said, some
other member would have made the motion if the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Botts] had not. i
Mr. VINTON now pressed his resolution to !
terminate debate on the civil and diplomatic ap-
propriation bill in fifteen minutes after the House
should have taken it up in Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER, again stated that the motion
could only be made by general consent, or under
a suspension of the rules.
Mr. VINTON moved- a suspension of the rules;
which motion was decided in the affirmative.
And the resolution being thus before the House—
Mr. KAUFMAN moved to amend it, by sub-
stituting five minutes for fifteen minutes.
The amendment was agreed to.
And, as thus amended, the resolution was
adopted.
ARMY AND FORTIFICATION BILLS.
Mr. VINTON asked leave to move that the bill
making appropriations for the support of the army,
and the bill making appropriations for certain fort-
ifications, which were now on the Speaker'^ table,
(having been returned from the Senate with amend-
ments,) be referred to the Committee o.t' Ways
and Means, and that the committee have leave to
sit durins; the session of the House.
Objections were made.
Mr. VINTON moved a suspension of the rules,
for the purpose of allowing him to make the mo-
tion.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, hoped, he said, that
the motion would not prevail, but that the House
would proceed to the consideration of business on
the Speaker's table.
Mr. N1COLL asked Mr. Vinton to add the
light-house hill.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. No; hold on to your
general appropriation bills.
Mr. VINTON did not acquiesce in Mr.NicoLL's
suggestion.
The question was then taken, and decided in the
affirmative, (two-thirds voting therefor.)
And the motion of Mr. Vinton was agreed to.
PROPERTY LOST IN THE WAR.
Mr. HARALSON desired to call the attention
of the House to a bill which (he said) was now on
the Speaker's table, providing for the payment of
horses and other property lost in the war with
Great Britain. It had passed this House, and had
been sent back from the Senate with an amend-
ment. He trusted it might be taken up.
Objection having been made—
Mr. HARALSON moved a suspension of the
rules.
Mr. McCLERNANO asked the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and being taken, were—yeast
93, nays 101.
So (two-thirds not voting in the affirmative) the
rules were not suspended.
Mr. VINTON moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. HUNl' appealed to h im to waive his
motion, to allow him to move that bills from the
Senate on thfe Speaker's table, be put on their first
and second reading.
Mr. VINTON would have no objection, he said,
if bills were not to be put upon their passage, but
were simply to be referred to the appropriate com-
mittees.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, said there would be
some motions made to suspend the rules, or things
of that kind.
Mr. HUNT then moved (Mr. Vinton waiving
his motion) that Senate bills on the Speaker's ta-
ble be put on their first and second reading, and be
referred to the appropriate committees.
Mr. HARALSON objected, he said, to the lat-
ter part of the motion. There were some bills
which gentlemen would not want to refer.
Mr. HUNT moved a suspension of the rules.
And the question having been taken, and two-
thirds not having voted therefor, the rules were
not suspended.
Mr. VIINTON now renewed his motion; which
was decided in the affirmative.
GENERAL APPKOPRIATION BILL.
So the House resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Stephens, of Georgia, in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the amendments to
the bill making appropriations for the cml and
diplomatic expenses of the Government.
The recommendations of the Committee of Ways
and Means, with reference to the amendments of
the Senate, were concurred in without a division,
with the exception of those subsequently noticed.
In the amendment of the Senate striking out the
provision of the bill as passed by the House, which
abolished whipping in the navy, the Committee
of Ways and Means recommended a non con-
currence.
The question was taken by tellers upon agreeing
to the recommendation of the committee, and de-
cided in the'affirmative—ayes 94, noes 43.
So the provision of the original bill was adhered
to.
In the amendment of the Senate reimbursing the
Corporation of Washington for the cost of half the
City Hall building, $30,000, the committee rec-
ommended a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in—thequestion
being taken by tellers—ayes 85, noes 72.
In the amendment of the Senate for clearing out
the canal in Washington, $20,000, the committee
rccommend a concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
In the amendment appropriating to Colonel R.
M. Johnson §6,000 fnr expenses in the erection of
the Choctaw Academy, the Committee of Ways
and Means recommended a concurrence, with the
addition of the following amendment:
Provided, That the same shall be in full of aU claims
whatsoever.
The amendment of the committee, and the
amendment of the Senate, were severally rejected.
The amendment of the Senate making an appro-
priation tor the purchase of the papers of Wash-
ington and Monroe, came up.
To which amendment the Committee of Ways
and Means of the House proposed an amendment,
limiting the purchase to papers not of a private
character.
The question was first on concurring in the
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. MURPHY moved to amend the amend-
ment of the Committee of Ways and Means, by
striking out so much as excepted the private papers
of Washington.
Messrs. MURPHY and VINTON explained.
The amendment of Mr. Murphy was agreed to.
And the amendment, as thus amended, was con-
curred in.
THE TERRITORIES.
The following amendment of the Senate came up:
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the CoiirsUtution
of the United States, m so far as the provisions of the same
