1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
6#S
be applicable to Hie condition of a Teimory of the United
Staiee, and all and sinirulai the several acts of Conaiess
respecting the re.«istenns, recordin?, enrolling or hcensmu
ships or vessel, arid the entry and clearance thereof, and
the foreign and coasting trade and fisheries, and all the
acts re^pectinc the imposing and collecting of duties on tm-
FortSj and all acts respecting trade and intercourse with the
ndian tribes, and aU acts leapectjng the public lands, or the
sHrvey or saie thereof, and all an<f singular the other acts of
Congress of a public and geneial character, and the pro-
visions whereof are suitable and proper to be applied to the
territory wen of the Rio del Norte, acquired from Mexico by
the treaty of the 2d February, 1848, be, and the same are
hereby, extended over and given full force and efficacy in all
said terntory; and the President of the United States be.
and he is hereby authorized to piescnbe and establish all
proper and needlui rule* and regulations, in conformity with
the Constitution ofthe United States,for the enforcement of
the provisions of the Constitution hereinbefore referred to,
and of said taws in said territory, and for the preservation of
order and tranquillity, and to the establishment of justice
therein, and fioru time to tune to modify or change the tend
Miles and regulations in fetich manner as inay&oem to him dis-
creet and proper, and to establish temporarily such divisions,
districts, port-?, offices, and all arrangements for the execution
of suid laws, and appoint and commission such officers as
may be necessary to administer such laws in said territory
for such term or term* as he may preseube, who<c authority
shall continue umd otherwise provrdfd by Congress; i-aid
officers to receive such ccnpensuion as the Pre.-ident may
 re?cnbe. not exceedinirdouble the mmnMiwimi,
prescribe, not exceedin^'double the compensation heietofore
paid to similar ofiiceisot the United States 01 its Territories
for like services; and to enable the same to be done, the
sum of $200,(100 be appropriated out of any money in the
treasury not otherwise appropiiated.
This amendment the Committee of "Ways and
Means of the House bad moved to amend, as fol-
lows:
That the President ofthe United States be, and he is hete-
bv, authorized to hold pos«et-sion of and occupy all the ter-
ritories ceded by Mexico to the United States byibetienty
of the 2d day of February, 1848; and that he be authorized
for that purpose, and m order to maintain the authontv of
the United States and to preserve peace artd order m said
terutones, to employ such parts of the army and navy of
the United State> as he may deem mcf>sary,
Jlnd be it further enacted, That until fix months after the
expiration of the next session of Centre**, unless Congress
shall sooner provide for the government of s^itd territories,
the existing Jaws thereof shall be maintained and objerve/1;
and that the civil and judicial authorities heietofore exer-
cised m said territories f-hail be vested in, and exercised by,
such person or persons as the President of the United States
shall appoint and direct, to the end that the inhabitants of
said territories may be protected in the full and fiee enjoy-
ment of their liberty, propeity, and teJigion; and all exit-
ing laws ofthe United .States in force in relation to the pub-
lic lands of the United States, and in relation to their inter-
course with the Indian tribes, shall be deemed, so Jar as
practicable, applicable to said territories: Prowled, never-
theless, That martial law shall not be proclaimed or declared
in said territories,or in eitherof thetn, nor any nnlitaiy court
established, except ordinary couits-mattial for tne trial of
persons belonging to the army and navy of the United States:
Jlnd provided, also, That all existing, laws of the United
States relative to trial by jury in criminal cases, the is&um"
writs of habeas corpus, and the proeeedimi* thereupon, are
hereby declared to apply to and to be in foice in said terri-
tories; and any decision upon any writ of habeas cotpus
ordering the discharge oi detention of any person, s,hall be
subject to be levievved in the Supiome Court of the United
Stares, under such regulations as thai! be prescribed by that |
tribunal. 1
J3ml be it further enacted, That the sum of $200,000 be,
and the same is hereby, appiopriafed for the purpose ot car-
rying the provisions of thi> act into effect, to be paid out of
any moneys in the treasury not otheiwise appropriated.
And the question was on the amendment of the
committee to the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. WENTWORTH inquired if the amend-
ment was open to amendment ?
The CHAIRMAN answered in the affirmative.
Mr. WENTWORTH. The Committee of
Ways and Means propose to amend the amend-
ment of the Senate. I propose to amend the amend-
ment.
t Mr. VINTON supposed, he said, that the
amendment of the Seriate was first open to amend-
ment; and that, after that was disposed of, the sub-
stitute of the committee was open to amendment
before a vote was taken on striking out and insert-
ing.
Mr. WENTWORTH said that, as he under-
stood the rule, the substitute must be first amended.
Some conversation, not very audible, followed.
The CHAIRMAN. The question now before
the committee, in the judgment of the Chair, is the
report of the committee, and it is open to amend-
ment; but before amendments are in order to that,
any amendments which gentlemen may desire to
offer to the original proposition of the Senate will
be first in order.
Mr. WENTWORTH. In the fir*t place, I offer
an amendment to the amendment of the Senate;
and before the substitute is acted upon, I shall
move to amend it. '
The amendment was in the following words:
Provided, That there shall be neither slavr ry nor mvolun- '
tary servitude in the baid tuiritoiy, otherwise than in the 1
punishment of crimes ivhereof the party shall have been
duly convicted."
Mr. WENTWORTH asked for tellers, who
were appointed, (Messrs. Venable and Nicoll.)
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, inquired of
the Chair if the amendment was germane ? [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, desired to
understand whether the Chair had decided that an
amendment to the amendment of the Senate was
first in order, rather than an amendment to the
amendmentof theCommitteeof Waysand Means.
The CHAIRMAN said that was his decision.
The question was then taken, and decided in
the negative—ayes 89, noes 96.
So the amendment of Mr. Wentworth was
rejected.
The hour of half-past three having arrived, the
House took a recess until six o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The CHAIRMAN resumed his seat, and called
the committee to order at six o'clock.
A pause of twenty minutes ensued before any
question was stated or business transacted,
THE TERRITORIES.
The CHAIRMAN again called the committee
to order, and stated that the question was on con-
earring in the amendment of the Committee of
Ways and Means to the amendment of the Senate, j
Mr. WENTWORTH said, before the question
was taken, he wished to offer another amendment
to the original amendment ofthe Senate.
It was sent up to the table, and read as follows:
Provided, That the inhabitants of said territory shall be
pntitled lo enjoy ail and singular the rights, privileges, and
advantages gt anted and secured to the people of the teriitory
of the United States northwest of the river Ohio, by the '
articles of compact contained m the ordinance for the gov- '
eminent of said terurory, passed on the thirteenth day of
July, seventeen hundred and eighty-seven, and sha'l be sub-
ject to all the conditions, restriction®, and prohibition^
said a> tides o( compact imposed upon the people of said tei-
ritory.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the Chair was of
opinion that the amendmentof the gentleman from
Illinois was not in order, and added that the ques-
tion could be tested by the committee. <
Mr. ROOT. May I be permitted to remind the \
Chair  j
[Cries of " Order, order."] '
The CHAIRMAN, (to Mr. Root.) Certainly !
the Chair would hear any suggestion ofthe gentle- I
man from Ohio. i
Mr. ROOT. I wish to state to the Chair that !
this amendment contains many other provisions :
which were not contained in the other amendment
offered by the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. PETT1T, (in his seat.) Five others.
Mr. ROOT, (continuing.) Five other provis-
ions. I only wish to call the mind of the Chair to
that fact.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Ohio, that he would rule the
amendment out of order upon other ground. The
other conditions to which the gentleman alludes,
contained in the ordinance of 1787, are Wholly j
inapplicable to this territory. j
Mr. ROOT. From that decision I take an ap- J
peaL i
Mr. WENTWORTH. I call for tellers on the j
appeal. i
Mr. ASHMUN. I wish to ask if it would be
in order to hear the provisions of the ordinance
read . [Ciies of "No, no,"] because I believe that
the Chair is right if the amendment ia only eon-
fined to the subject of slavery. If it includes other
things, it is a new proposition, and therefore in
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will again have
the amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Illinois read. The Chair takes occasion to request
that every gentleman be still, and quiet, and listen,
and hear the amendment read, and then gentlemen
can judge for themselves. Gentlemen will all take
their seats.
The amendment was again read.
The CHAIRMAN. The opinion of the Chair,
the Chair will again state, is, that so far as it
relates to the subject of slavery, the amendment is
identical with the provision rejected before the
recess, and therefore out of order.
So far cis relates to " all and singular1*' the pro-
visions of the ordinance of 1737, it is inapplicable .
to this territory, and therefore out of order on the
ground of irrelevancy. x
Mr. ASHMUN. The committee, then, ougftt
to know (what the Chair does know, of course)
what the other provisions of the ordinance ar6. I
ask, therefore, that it may be read.
[Cries of 44 Object, object.'5]
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order to havo
it read.
The question on the appeal was taken by tel-
lers, (Messrs.Wentworth and Pendleton,) who
reported—ayes 85, noes.84.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained, and
the amendment was ruled out of order.
Mr. WENTWORTH rose, he said, to a point
of order-.
There was great confusion in the Hall*
The CHAIRMAN suid that no motion would
be received until the committee should come to
order.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Will the Chair be so
good as to state what the original number on the
appeal was before the addition was made.*
The reply of the Chairman was not distinctly
heard, but he was understood to say that he had
taken the count from the Clerk.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to amend the amend*
ment of the Senate by striking out, in the twelfth,
and thirteenth lines, the words " west of the Rio
del Norte."
Several members on the left of the Chair stated
that nothing in that part of the Hall could be
heard.
The CHAIRMAN said he would again request
that all conversation might cease, as complaints
were made on the left that nothing could be heard.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] will
send his amendment to the Clerk's table.
Mr. SCHENCK did so. And it was read.
Mr. S. would ask, he said, that the rule of the
House might be observed. He wished the Clerk
to read the amendment of the Senate as it now
stood, to state the words proposed to be stricken,
out, and then to slate the amendment ofthe Senate
as it would read if the words were stricken out.
The Clerk did so.
Mr. SCHENCK asked for tellers, who were
appointed, (Messrs. Schenck and Harmanson.)
And the question on the amendment was then
taken, and decided in the affirmative—ayes 93,
noes 83.
So the amendment was agreed to.
THE SLAVE TRADE.
Mr. SIDNEY LAWRENCE moved to amend
the amendment of the Senate by adding thereto
;j the following proviso:
That nothing m this act shall be so construed as to extend
any law relating to the coastwise slave trade to California,
and Now Mexico.
Some conversation followed on a point of order.
- The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment to Be
in order.
[The Speaker resumed the chair, informally, to
receive a message in writing from the President of
the United States, by the hands of J". K. Walker,
Esq., his Private Secretary.]
Tellers were appointed, (Messrs. Pendleton
and Sidney Lawrence.)
The question was then taken, and decided in the
affirmative: Ayes 89, noes 82-
So the amendment was agreed to.
DURATION OF THE SECTION.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved to
| amend the amendment of the Senate, by adding:
j Profiled, furtkct, That the provisions of this section
1 ofthe act shall continue m foiee, unless sooner repealed,
i until within mx months after the tiding of the next stssion
j of Congress, and no longer.
j Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, inquired if this was
, an amendment to the amendment ofthe Committee
of Ways and Means?
| The CHAIRMAN said that amendment had
, not yet come up.
Mr. ROCKWELL asked for tellers on his
: amendment; and they were appointed, (Messrs.
Rockwell and Houston of Alabama.)
The question was then taken, and decided in the
affirmative: Ayes 90, noes 8k2.
So the amendment was agreed to.
SLAVERY IN THE TERRITORIES.
Mr. HUNT, of New York, moved to amend
the amendmentof the Senate, by add'ng a proviso
"that the laws of Mexico abolishing slavery in the
