6$4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
said territories shall remain in full force -until the
same shall have been repealed by the authority of
Congress.
Mr. H. asked for tellers; which were ordered,
(Messrs. Meade and Rockwell of Connecticut.)
Mr. FULTON raised the question of order on
the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment to be
in order.
i\l r. MEADE inquired if it was in order to
move an amendment to the amendment?
The CHAIRMAN said it was not.
The question recurring on the adoption of the
aniflkidment—
Mr. PETTIT asked that it might Be. read; and
it was again read.
Mr. GREEN, of Missouri, raised the question
- of order on the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN said he had ruled it to be in
order.
The question was then taken, and decided in the
affirmative—ayes 95, noes 87.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MEADE offered an amendment to the
amendment, as follows:
Provided, fmther, That nothing in this act contained shall
interfere with or abridge any of the rights of the States of
tins Union, or the citizens thereof, now seeurcd by the Con-
stitution of the United Slates.
He called for tellers.
Mr. PETTIT rose to a question of order: this
House, both Houses of Congress (he said ) could not
pass any law that should infringe the rights secured
by the Constitution to the States, or the citizens
thereof; hence there was no necessity of putting in
such a provision.
Mr. MEADE. I beg leave to remark to the
gentleman from Indiana, that there are many rights
now enjoyed by the States, and the citizens thereof,
secured by the Constitution, which, nevertheless,
may be altered by legislation. Among them, it is
contended—though it is denied by me—is the right
to pass the Wilmot proviso. "Without the Wilmot
proviso, we contend that we have the right to take
our slaves into California; but with the Wilmot
proviso, (which the gentleman contends we can
pass,) we have no right to go there. There are
many such rights secured by the Constitution 
[Cries of "Order, order."]
Mr. PETTIT rose and addressed ,the Chair.
[Cries of " No, no;'' "debate is not in order;"
" question, question."]
Mr. PETTIT still remained upon the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from In-
diana will take his seat.
Mr. PETTIT. Well; I have the privilege to
state my question.
_ The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from In-
diana rises to a point of order—that is not debata-
ble. Does the gentleman from Indiana appeal?
He will state his appeal.
Mr. PETTIT. 1 have taken no appeal. ,
Tellers were asked and refused, and the question
having been taken, was decided in the negative.
So the amendment of Mr. Meade was rejected.
The CHAIRMAN stated that no other amend-
ments being offered to the original amendment, the
question recurred on the amendment of the Com-
mittee of Yfays and Means to the amendment of
the Senate,
The amendment of the Committee of Ways and
Means was read. (See morning's proceedings.)
Mr. ROOT rose and said he wished to offer an
amendment to the amendment of the committee.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, made the point that the
proposed amendment of the gentleman from Ohio
was not in order. The amendment of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means was an amendment to
an amendment, and being an amendment in the
second degree, an amendment to it was not in or-
der. The bill was the text; the Senate had made
an amendment; the Committee of Ways and
Means had reported an amendment to that amend-
ment, and another amendment would be an amend-
ment in the third degree. i
Mr. ROOT wished to state the point without j
any argument. His idea was, that the original
proposition was the amendment from the Senate; I
tne amendment of the Committee of Ways and |
Means was an amendment in the first degree, and I
the amendment which he proposed was an amend- I
ment in the second degree. It had repeatedly been
so decided in this House.
Mr. TOOMBS called the gentleman to order, ll
The CHAIRMAN stated that the question was
not debatable. The Chair was willing to hear
the views of the gentleman from Ohio by consent;
if any gentleman, however, exercised the right of
calling tp order, the Chaif must decide that the
remarks of the gentleman were not in order.
M r. TOOMBS said he exercised that right, and
called the gentleman to order.
Mr. ROOT said he was only referring to a fact.
He did not make any argument.
Mr. TOOMBS was understood to say that the
statement of facts was argument.
The CHAIRMAN sustained the point of order
of Mr. Cobb; holding that the bill was the text,
the amendment of the Senate an amendment in the
first degree, that of the Committee of Ways and
Means an amendment in the second degree, and
hence that an amendment to this latter amend-
ment would be an amendment in the third degree,
and not in order.
Mr. HUDSON. Will the Chair permit me to
propound a question touching this subject?
The CHAIRMAN. With pleasure.
Mr. HUDSON stated that the amendment of
the Committee of Ways and Means simply pro-
posed to strikeout and insert. That being the case,
he would ask whether it was not in order before
they struck out the orginal proposition to amend
it; and whetheritwas in order to amend the amend-
ment proposed to be inserted before it was insert-
ed ? He believed it was. When a motion was
made to strike out and insert, it was in order to
perfect that which was proposed to be stricken
out, and also to perfect that which was proposed j
to be inserted before it was inserted. I
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to i
the gentleman from Massachusetts, that it is per- i
fectly in order, when a motion is made to strike
out any matter and insert any other, first to perfect i
the orignal proposition. That has been the case I
here. The Senate's amendment is the amendment !
proposed. That is the amendment which the Com- ■
mittee of Ways and Means proposed further to j
amend by striking out and inserting. Before that ;
question is put, it is perfectly in order to perfect the !
Senate's amendment, because every motion to per- !
feet the Senate's amendment is an amendment in
the second degree, first as the amendment of the
Committee of Ways and Means. But now the
proposition is to amend the amendment of the
Committee of Ways and Means, and it is an
amendment in the third degree, and therefore not
in order.
Mr. ROOT appealed from that decision.
Mr. ASHMUN addressed the Chair, but was
called to order by Mr. Toombs. After some con-
versation, however, he was permitted to ask the
Chair to read the authority upon this point.
The CHAIRMAN read from the Manual to
sustain his decision. /
The question was taken upon the appeal, and
the decision of the Chair was sustained.
So the amendment of Mr. Root was ruled out
of order.
The question then recurred upon agreeing to the
substitute of the Committeee of Ways and Means,
which was read.
Mr. GRINNELL called for the reading of the
Senate amendment as amended; which was read.
The question was then taken by tellers, (Messrs,
Root and Meade,) who reported—ayes 17; the
noes were not counted.
So the amendment of the Committee of Ways
and Means was rejected.
Mr. VINTON moved that the committee rise
and report the bill.
It was suggested by several gentlemen that the
question ought to be taken upon agreeing to the j
Senate's amendment as amended.
The CHAIRMAN stated that he understood
that the motion to strike out and insert havino-
gone through with; the question had been pro-
pounded upon striking out that amendment, and
inserting the substitute of the Committee of Ways
and Means; the House had refused to strike out
and insert, (which was a motion indivisible by the
rules of the House.) Did not the question recur
upon agreeing to the Senate's amendment?
The CHAIRMAN replied that the parliament-
ary law was different; but under the rules of the
House, he believed the position of the gentleman
from Ohio was correct. The question was, there-
fore, upon agreeing to the Senate's amendment as
amended.
Tellers were asked and ordered, and (the ques-
tion having been taken) they reported—ayes 7;
the noes were not counted.
So the amendment of the Senate, as amended,
was rejected.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the committee
then rose and reported their action on the several
amendments to the House.
Mr. STEPHENS demanded the previous ques-
tion.
There was a second. And the main question
(on concurring m the action of the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union) was ordered
to be now taken.
Mr. PETTIT inquired of the Speaker whether a
separate vote would be taken on each amendment?
The SPEAKER said that a separate vote would
be taken on each amendment. But whenever a
separate vote was not demanded, the amendment
would be considered as adopted.
On concurring in the amendment appropriating
$30,000 for the completion of the City Hall, in
Washington—
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, demanded a separate
question.
And he asked the yeas and nays; whieh were or-
dered, and being taken, were—yeas 106, nays 98.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The question being on concurring in the amend-
ment of the Senate, appropriating §10,000 to pay
certain companies for supporting a light on Eel
Grass shoal, (in which the Committee of Ways
and Means and the Committee of the Whole had
recommended a concurrence)—
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered; and
being taken, were—yeas 95, nays 105.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, moved to reconsider
this vote, and to lay that motion on the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
The amendment of the Senate appropriating
$6,000 to pay Colonel R. M. Johnson the balance
of the estimated cost of building the Choctaw
academy, next came up.
In this the Committee of Ways and Means had
recommended concurrence, with the addition of
the following amendment: "The acceptance of
which shall be in full of all claims whatsoever.''
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
And the question being on concurring in the
amendment as amended—
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, asked for the yeaa
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, were—yeas 75, nays 121.
So the amendment as amended was non-con-
curred in.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to reconsider
the vote, and to lay that motion on the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
On agreeing to the amendment of the Senate ap-
propriating $20,000 for the purchase of the remain-
ing books and papers of George Washington; and
the like sum for the papers of Mr. Monroe-
Mr. PETTIT asked the yeas and nays, which
were ordered.
Some conversation followed on points of order.
The    ■> -  
luuLiuu iu oLiiive uui tuiu insert navini? I hp nnpotinn * i i j -j j -
been rejected, it was equivalent to the adoption of i| the affirmative-yeas 117, nays^
VMr MTTRPHV X 1 OUL I So the amendment wa Creed to.
v Mr. MURPHY asked the unanimous consent , the territories.
The question now came up on agreeing to the
last amendment of the Senate, to wit, that which
Mr.GlDDINGSrose toapointof order,which !' |xten(^s the Constitution and laws of the United
— ■'J  '1 >  - -- ' i States over the new Territories.
to make a verbal amendment to the amendment
relative to the purchase of papers of Genera!
Washington.
he said, would have priority over the proposition
of Mr. Murphy. He understood the Chair to say
that the question was now settled, and that no
further question was to be put upon concurrence
m the Senate's amendment. The amendments to
the Senate's amendment, he understood, had been
.... [See morning's
proceedings.]
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered;
and being taken, were—yeas 100, nays 114, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atkinson, Barringer, Barrow,
Bayly, Beale, Bedinger, Birdsall, BocoeJt, Botts, Bowdon,
