668
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
Senate at (he last session, prior to these appoint-
ments having "been made; and the consequence
will be, if this bill, as amended by the House,
pass, ail these appointments will be vacated, and
they will have to be made over again, or the bill
will be a nullity. I therefore move that this bill
lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
JfAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives by Mr. Campbell, their Clerk:
Mr. President: The House of Representatives
concur in the fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth,
and eleventh of the amendments of the Senate to
the bill making appropriations for the naval service
for the year ending 30th June, 1849. They dis-
agree to the first, second, third, ninth, tenth,
twelfth, and thirteenth amendments of the Senate
to said bill, and concur in the fourteenth amend-
ment of the Senate with an amendment, in which
they request the concurrence of the Senate.
The Senate proceeded to consider their amend-
ments amended and disagreed to by the House of
Representatives to the bill last mentioned, and
Resolved, That they insist on their amendments disagieed
to by the House of Representatives; disagree to the amend-
ment of the House to their fouiteenth amendment, and ask
a conference ou the disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
Ordered, That Mr. Badger, Mr. Hunter, and Mr. Ydlce
be the Committee of Conference on the part of the Senate.
EVIDENCE IN PENSION CASES.
The Senate proceeded to consider as in Com-
mittee of the Whole the joint resolution from the
House relative to evidence in applications for pen-
sions by widows of deceased soldiers under the
act of July 21, 1848; and no amendment having
been made, it was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read a third time, and passed.
SUSPENSION OF RULES.
On motion by Mr. CAMERON, and by unani-
mous cofisent, it was
Resolved, That the 16th joint rule of the two Houses be
suspended, so far as relates to the resolution (Senate 71)
relative to the public printing.
On motion of Mr. WALKER, and by unani-
mous consent, it was
Resolved, That Jhe 17ih joint rule of the two Houses be
suspended until the end of the present session of Congress.
These rules prohibited the sending of any bill
from one House to the other, and to the President
of the United States, during the last three days of
the session. The above orders were adopted, after
a few words of opposition from Messrs. YULEE,
RUSK, and CALHOUN, and of explanation by
Messrs. JOHNSON of Maryland, and CAM-
ERON.
LIGHTHOUSE APPROPRIATIONS.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, announcing that said House had
paused the Senate bill making appropriations for
lighthouses, lightboats, buoys, &c., and providing
-for the erection and establishment of the same, and
for other purposes, with amendments.
The Senate proceeded to consider said amend-
ments, and, on motion, they were concurred in.
GOVERNMENT FOR CALIFORNIA.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I wish to
make one more efibrt to give a government to Cal-
ifornia. I have in vain endeavored to bring the
Senate to act upon the State bill, and I now ask
them to take up the bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives providing a territorial government for
California. I move that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of that bill.
Mr. BUTLER. I shall oppose the motion, be-
cause the bill which came from the House of Rep-
resentatives has not been reported upon, nor in
any way acted upon, nor considered by the Com-
mittee on Territories to whom it was referred. I
think the bill should take the usual course. It is
very possible, yea, highly probable, that the Com-
mittee on Territories might agree to some amend-
ment, or modify this bill very materially. The
committee is not even organized; there is a vacancy
in the committee which should be filled, and the
bill should be welf considered by the committee
before it is brought into the Senate for our consid-
eration and action. At this time it is out of the
question that the Senate can give a matter of such
great importance as this that consideration which
it demands. I want the guarantee, at least, of the
Committee on Territories on this matter. I am a
Mawnber of that committee, and am ready, for one, I
to give the subject consideration. But there is a
vacancy in the committee which should be filled
before any action is had by them.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I feel it due to make one
statement. The Committee on the Territories, I
have no doubt, have done the best they could in
the endeavor to discharge their duties, and attend
to all the other business which has been devolved
upon them. But I must say, that as chairman I
notified the committee to attend immediately after
the reference of the bill was made.. The next
morning I was able to get but one member with
me. I then renewed the notification, and on the
next morning I was unable to get even one mem-
ber of the committee with me. I have since strug-
gled to get a majority of the committee together,
but I have not been able to do so. I think, there-
fore, that the people of California should not be
allowed to suffer for the want of a government,
because the members of the Committee on the
Territories deemed it their duty to attend to other
business in preference to this.
Mr. RUSK. It is known to the Senate that
there is a project for the government of California
now in charge of a committee of conference be-
tween the two Houses, and it is easy to perceive
that nothing can be effected by taking up this bill,
except to consume the time of the Senate. The
appropriation bills are in the hands of committees
of conference between the two Houses, and have
yet to be passed. Various other measures, all-
! important to the public interests of the country, are
' still pending, the amendments appended to them by
the two Houses being still under consideration of
the committees of conference, or else remain un-
acted upon by one House. Your table, sir, is now
covered with such bills. It is impossible to pass
this bill. What Senator does not know that noth-
ing on earth can be effected by taking up this bill
now, but the consumption of the remaining time of |
the Senate. I hope, therefore, that my friend from [
Illinois will withdraw his motion and allow us to |
proceed with business, and dispose of the many i
important bills ready for final action. !
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 can only say that bills on I
all subjects have been taken up and considered this ■
session by the Senate, except that of giving a gov- I
ernment to the people of California. I have tried [
to get up State bills, territorial bills, and all kinds l
of bills, in all shapes, in the hope that some bill, in '
some shape, would satisfy the Senate. But thus
far, I have found their taste in relation to this mat-
ter too fastidious for my humble efforts. Now, I
wish to make another and a final efforton this bill,
to see if the Senate are disposed to do anything
towards giving a government to the people of Cal-
ifornia. And on this question I deem it my duty
to call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator from Texas [Mr.
Rusk] says there is now a project in the hands of a
committee of conference for giving a government to
California. That is true. A project, indeed ! One
granting almost unlimited powers to the Executive
of this Government—such powers as have never
been granted to the Executive of this Government
upon any occasion—despotic powers, if I know
the meaning of the word despotism. We have
which serves to define clearly the rights
here i
of the governed, and the duties which the Govern-
ment owe to the people of that territory, and I ap-
prehend that every Senator well understands that
this bill is nothing more or less than one of those
territorial bills which conform with the almost
universal practice of this Government from the
time the Government .was founded. And if for no
other reason than the fact that it defines clearly the
rights of the people who are there to be governed, ,
and the powers which are be exercised over j
them—if for no other reason than that, I should be j
in favor of taking up this bill and voting upon it |
at once.
One word more in relation to the suggestion of
the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. But- !
ler.] I hold that if members of any committee I
do not see fit to attend the meetings of the com- I
mittee, or do not attend for some other cause, no
matter what that cause may be, it is no good rea-
son why we should withhold our action here, and
withhold a government from the people of those
territories corresponding with the uniform action
of our Government. I hope, therefore, that the
Senate will take up this bill, and give it their favor-
able consideration.
Mr. BUTLER. The reason I did not attend
the Committee on the Territories was, that I was
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary, and
had my time fully occupied by the duties of that
position. And when my friend from Illinois noti-
fied me to attend the meeting of the Territorial
Committee, I replied that I could not attend that
morning; that I had several bills from the House
at that time before me; and that my own duties to
my own committee requiied my constant atten-
tion. I had no intention to withdraw from the
Committee on the Territories, or to avoid any of
the responsibilities incident to that committee.
But one word in reply to the remarks of the
Senator from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin,] which are
nothing but an echo of those addressed to the
Senate the other day when the amendment to the
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill offered by
the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Walker,] was
under consideration. How can gentlemen make
such an assertion? That amendment restricts and
controls the unlimited powers which the President
must now have. The whole power of governing
the Territory of California at this time, without
any bill, must necessarily be an Executive power.
It must be governed by the army—the power of
the sword—martial law. It must be governed by
the President, under the rules and regulations of
war, and no other, except so far as it may be con-
trolled by the laws of California. And am I to be'
told, that when we extend the Constitution of the
United States over a territory we are conferring
unlimited and despotic powers upon the Executive
of the United States? Is it not restricting the
power of the President instead of conferring new
powers upon him? And yet such has been the
language used here on all occasions when gentle-
men from a particular part of this country have
spoken on this subject.
The question was then taken on Mr. Douglas's
motion to postpone the prior orders for the pur-
pose of taking up the California bill, and it was
determined in the negative.
PRIVATE BILL.
The Senate proceeded to consider, as in Commit-
tee of the Whole, House bill for the relief of Mary
B. Renner; which, on motion, was laid on the
table.
THE SEVENTH CENSUS.
The Senate proceeded to consider, as-in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the bill from the House to
make arrangements for taking the seventh census.
Mr. WESTCOTT moved to lay the bill on the
table; which was not agreed to.
Mr. WESTCOTT. Mr. President, this bill is
nearly word for word the same as the amendment
introduced the other day by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. 11 refers this whole matter to the exec-
utive officers of the incoming Administration to
the Secretary of State, Secretary of the Treasury,
and the Secretary of the Interior, provided such a
department shall be created, just as that amend-
ment proposed to do. I will not go over the argu-
ments which were urged the other day with refer-
ence to the impropriety of referring to the Executive
branch of this Government those duties which
properly belong to us to perform, and thus render
the departments the mere instruments of Congress
to prepare its legislation for it. We should trans-
act our own business and perform our own duties.
There is too much concentration already. Con-
gress has gone on until they have got into the habit
of shirking out of their responsibility upon nearly
every important question. This should be stopped.
Let Congress do their own work, and not shirk off
their labor and responsibility upon another branch
of the Government.
Another objection which was urged the other
day, and to which I will now refer, was,, that this
census bill is the entering wedge to a species of
legislation, to a system of policy which many m
this country regard as utterly unconstitutional—a
system of taking under the control of Congress-the
supervision of and the legislation upon the local
concerns of the States. I object to all this legisla-
tion, which is proposed and originated perhaps by
the departments. And as for all these statistics
which it is proposed by this census bill to collect,
I say that we have no right to meddle with them.
We need no information except such as is needed
by Congress in order to enable them to fix the ratio
of representation and direct taxation. If all this
, information is wanted, it would be more appropn-
