670
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
the relations -and interests of the public lands in
the-new States as those who control those relations
and interests should be, in order to protect and
foster the interests of the new States.
Again: no feature is more common in our form
of government- than its checks and balances—one
tlepat tment checking and guarding the other. Why,
then, shall we not carry out that principle to its
legitimate extent? Why., then, have we, and why
shall we continue an organization which violates
that principle? It was a departure from that great
principle to put in the same hands in the organiza-
tion of our Government the collection and the dis-
bursement of the revenue. The one should check
the other. The officer who* is charged with find-
ing the ways and means to carry on the Govern-
ment properly, never should have been charged
•with the disbursement of those ways and means.
And this division of the Treasury Department I
consider essential to the rigid economy and just
accountability which belongs to ourGovernment.
Mr. FOOTE. I should not vote for taking up
this bill, nor attach that peculiar importance to it
which 1 do attach, were it not for the fact that 1
have very recently had a conversation in relation
to this very subject with the Secretary of the
Treasury, and he assures me that the immediate
passage of this bill is so important that he believes
no man, however skilled in financial affairs, can
get along with that department unless the bill be
passed. Under such circumstances I think it the
duty of every man, disregarding all par-ty consid-
erations, to come forward and take care of the
financial interests of the country. Such I feel to
be my duty, and I shall therefore facilitate, as far
as I can by my vote, the passage of this bill.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to,
and the Senate pioceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to its consideration.
Mr. HUNTER said, theCommittee on Finance
proposed to amend the bill by stiikmg out the pio-
visions for a commissioner of customs, and an
assistant Secretary of the Tieasury, together with
so much of the 14th section as proposed to trans-
fer clerks to that commissioner. The committee
saw no sufficient reason for creating these new
offices, and as provisions already existed for pei-
forming the duties proposed to be assigned them,
by peisons other than the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, they did not see how his labors were to be
lessened by the proposed change, nor was it shown
to them that the public business would thus be
dispatched with move facility.
Mr. DAVIS, A large portion of the labors of
the Secretary of the Treasury are a mechanical
discharge of duties-which cannot be discharged
under the present organization, but which will be
discharged by the Commissioner of Customs and
the Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, by the
authority in the hill. It is only by giving them
the poweis which belong to such an organization
that they will be enabled to relieve the Secretary
of the Treasury from these mere manual labors.
The Uansfer of the duties is aconcoinitantof such
an organization.
Mr. HUNTER. I wish to inform my friend
from Mississippi that he is mistaken. The bill
provides for an Assistant Secretary, but it does not
require the new officer to sign letters, contracts, and
warrants, but provides merely that he shall exam-
ine all letters, contracts, and warrants. These are
duties which may be, and doubtless are, assigned
to clerks us the laws now exist. This provision
therefore atfbrd3 no real relief to the Secretary of
theTeasmy, fur it still leaves him the duty of sign-
ing wariants, which is all that he needs do now.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. By the organiza-
tion of :>uch a depai tment, a great deal of manual
labor will be saved to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. I would say to the Senator fiom Virginia
that this manual labor is devolved upon him be-
cause his clerk is not known as an officer having
charge of the business. This is to transfer to him,
under the new organization, these labois incident
to the department, it is necessary, if anything can
be necessary, that he should have these functions
trarisiened tu him, and that the cleiks should be
transferred to the Home Depaitnient, with the
transfer of their duties to that department. Apart
of the duties belonging to another officer and the
clerks go also to mat department. I would say
to the Senator from Virginia, that one much more
competent than either he or i has drawn up this
bill, and I am ready to take it as he has drawn it.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, if the argu-
ment against these amendments be that the bill was
drawn by one. more competent than I to frame
such a measure, I can have no response to make
to it, except that the assertion as to his superior
competency is true. But the Senator from Mis-
sissippi is mistaken, in some respects, as to the
nature both of the bill and amendments. The
amendments do not propose to strike out any pro-
vision for transferring clerks from offices already
existing- to the Assistant Secretary, for one very
good reason, amongst others, and that is, that
there is no such provision in the bill. The act
creates one new clerk for him, but does not pro-
pose any transfer of clerks to him. The amend-
ments propose to strike out the provision for trans-
ferring clerks to the new bureau of the Commis-
sioner of Customs, as a natural consequence of
another amendment, which proposed to strike out
the section creating that officer. Now, it may be
true that the Secretary of the Treasury, who drew
this bill, is far more competent than I can be to
frame such a measure; yet the assertion of that
fact, is not a sufficient answer to all propositions
made to amend the bill. Sir, i did, and do think that
the bill is far from perfect, either as a whole or in
its parts, and the presumption of acting upon such
an opinion is not mine alone, for the Committee
on Finance were unanimous, I think, in recom-
mending these amendments.
//'Mr. ALLEN. I am opposed to this bill; nor
do 1 think we shall have time, during the few hours
that remain of this session, to go into the business
of creating a new department and new bureaus.
This is a bill which will be followed by another
bill the next session of Congress, requiring a hun-
dred additional clerks, notwithstanding there are
now twice that number".' Besides, we propose to
make a Cabinet officer the very last day of this
Administidiion. VVe are assuming that those w ho
aie to succeed us recjuue more advisers than we
have had; we are doing that thing which they
ought to do, if they think it is required. When a
new Administration comes in, if-they think there
is a necessity existing for this department, doubt-
less they will recommend it to Congress at the
next session, when it can be fully considered. I
am utterly opposed to taking upon ourselves the
responsibility of this augmentation of patronage
and consequent expense to the people. '^The Gov-
ernment has got along in peace and war with our
present departments. They have got along most
triumphantly; and I never heard till to-day that
the Secretary of the Treasury was incapable of
performing all the duties of his office, and that it
was necessary to add another member to the Cab-
inet. Sir, there are two things that never go back:
one the increase of officers, the other the increase
of their salaries. We never decrease offices; we
never decrease salaries. And if we begin by this
division of the Treasury Department into two de-
partments, it will not be five years before we shall
be told that there are causes for augmenting the
other departments.' If there had been a proposi-
tion meiely to create an Under Secretaiy of the
Treasury, or' to have crcatcd a Commissioner of
Customs, one or both, there would have been some
plausibility m the thing. But here is a proposal
to tiansfcr a very large part of the duties of the
Secretary entirely from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to a new Secretary of a Home Department;
and, after having diminished his labors one-half,
then we are to create two new bureaus. Now, at
the close of a war, with a national debt on our
hands, and with a bill pending, as I understand,
for issuing tieasury notes, which is but another
form of borrowing some five or six millions of dol-
lars, 1 do not think it is right to augment the offices
of Government. Every one knows who has any
experience in public alKairs, that if the tendency of !
things in our Government shall continue, the pres- j
ent tariff will not suffice to keep the Government j
on foot, much less to supply funds for the gradual j
extinction of the national debt. There must be
retrenchment, or perpetual loans and perpetual !
debt. Tiie custom-house cannot yield enough to ■
meet the demands now made upon the public treas-
ury, nor can a tariff be made high enough to yield
a revenue to meet these demands. The issuing of
treasury notes will becomc the permanent policy '
of the country, if retrenchment be not resorted to. >
I made some allusion the other day to adding up j
these figures. 1 know, and every one knows, that*)
that there is less attention paid to the expenditures !
of the Government than perhaps at any period of "
our history; and every one knows wh$re the fault
is, and that this tendency is hourly increasing; but
this is not the time to discuss this matter further.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. As usual, I agree"
very well with the Senator from Ohio, that it is
very improper to increase the powers of the Fed-
eral Government beyond what they must necessa-
rily be. But here, sir, the vast increase of patron-
age amounts to an addition of three officers and two
clerks, I believe. This is all that is added. There •
is a division of the Treasury Department, merely
to expedite the business and relieve it from manual
and mechanical labor. The new officers would
perform duties which are now performed by the
Treasury Department, and also the duties now
performed by some other departments. The ques-
tions coming up under the custom laws, which are
now referred to the Comptroller of the Treasury,
will be decided by the Commissioner of Customs.
They are sometimes at present detained from sixty
to ninety days, and then go to the Secretary of the
Treasury himself. If a Commissioner of Customs
is appointed, all these questions growing out of
custom laws will be decided promptly by him, and
j thus a large benefit will be conferred on men en-
gaged in commerce, and the revenue of the coun-
try, as these questions involve the revenue of the
country as well as the commercial interests of in-
dividuals.
With this brief answer to the Senator from Ohio,
1 will only say that I do not intend to defend this
bill, because I believe it has been before the Senate
so long as to need no further defence or explana-
tion. I leave it to the Senate, to be debated by
those who shall think proper to debate it.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I did not sup-
pose that, upon a proposition to amend, the debate
: would turn upon the bill itself. It is but due to
| the Committee on Finance, and to myself, as one
; of that committee, to say, that we were so much
' pressed with other matters that we have not been
able to give to this bill that particular and minute
attention which such a subject deserves. We
thought we saw in it reason enough to induce us to
meditate long before we would make such changes,
as it proposes in the Treasury Department of the
United States. This is but a germ, and we can
no more judge what it is to be when it attains its
full growth than we can estimate what the man
will be from the appearance of the infant. Who
can foresee the full effect which the creation of this
new department is to have upon the distribution of
power between the States and Federal Govern-
ment? And who can estimate the additional pa-
tronage to grow out of the new subjects which are
probably to be transferred by this bill to this Gov-
ernment? It is true, sir, that the bill, as now
framed, contains no proposition for such a transfer
| of power as we fear; but before we recommend it,
i and rely upon the arguments in support of a Home
I Department, we should consider long what is to be
! its tendency as it shall increase m giowth. But, -
be that as it may, throwing these considerations
out of the question, it seems to me, notwithstand-
ing the high reputation of the Secietary of the
Treasury, that the bill is neither well digested nor
well conceived. Nor can I concur with tiie Senator
from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] in the opinion that
we are to take whatever any Secretary chooscs to
recommend.
Mr. DAVIS, (in his seat.) I did not express
such an opinion.
Mr. HUNTER. I understood him to say that
we were to take it upon that ground; that he would
take it upon faith, and to inumate that it was some-
what unbecoming in me to raise a whisper of
opposition to what the Secretary had prepared.
Now, sir, I maintain, and I am w ilhng to go before
the people upon it, that the measure is neither well
j conceived nor well digested. Why, sir, what is
, the meaning of that provision which takes from
the Treasury Department the supervision of the
; lands, which is one of the sources of revenue? Are
j we to destroy the unity.of that department? Are
; we to have two Treasuries and two Secretaries? or
I are we to have one Treasury and one Secretary, to
! supervise .generally the measures relating to reve-
; nues' If the latter be manifestly proper, and this
j bill virtually admits it by leaving to the Secretary
1 of the Treasury the machinery tor collecting and
disbursing the pioceeds from the public lands,
why take from that officer the supervision o'ver our '
property in lands, and the power of directing the
