184=9.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
671
time and mode in which those lands are to be
/'brought into market? To whatever exterd we
take this power over the revenue from lands from
the Secretary of the Treasury, we impair the unity
of the Treasury Department, and diminish its effi-
ciency. We know, sir, that the two chief sources
of revenue in tins Government are the customs
and the public lands. How important, then, to
the unity of the Treasury Department, that in the
Secretary of the Treasury Department be lodged
the power to say to what extent, the public lands
should be thrown into the market, and to super-
intend, m short, the revenue of the country.
It is said that many other matters are involved,
ill which settlers and the States are interested, in
the office of Superintendent of the Public Lands.
I admit it, sir; but if you have an intelligent and
able Commissioner of Public Lands, such an one
as the present Commissioner, you might safely
o-jve hiin the power now exercised by the Secre-
tary, of deciding judicial questions with which he
is now embarrassed, and thus relieve that officer
from the only substantial cause of complaint as to
the duties devolved upon him through the public
lands. The chief argument, so far as the Treasury
Department is concerned, which has been submit-
ted by the Secretary, is founded upon the fact ot
the number of judicial cases growing out of the
supervision of the public lands which he has had
to decide;.he enumerates, I think, in his report by
thousands. Why not give that power to the Com-
missioner of the Land Office? Why not select
always a man for that office who is qualified to
pronounce such judgments fairly and intelligently?
I believe that the Commissioner who at present
fills that office, is* as able to decide such cases as
any of the Secretaries. This power ought to be
transferred; but to do this, you have only to change
to some extent the powers devolved upon the Com-
missioner of Public Lands. Are we prepaied,
rather than to do this, to place the whole under
the charge of another minister, another Secretary?
The Committee on Finance certainly did not think
this bill was m all respects entitled to their support;
for, if I recollect right, they were unanimous in the
opinion that it le^uned some amendment. The
appointment of an Assistant Secretary is nothing
more than raising the salary of him who is now
* chief clerk. There are no duties devolving on
him -which may not be performed by the chief
clerk. So, too, with the Commissioner of Cus-
toms. We had no evidence that it was neces-
sary to construct such a buieau. That branch,
of the business is, I believe, capablc of being as
well conducted upon the present plan, and is 1
have no doubt as well conducted, as it would
be under the proposed change, i do not know
of any one who pretends to say that the treas-
ury may not require reorganization. 1 believe,
sir, that it does; but I think that it requires a reor-
ganization of a different and much more thorough
kind than that which is proposed. 1 believe we
shall ha\e to do it; and if we were to pass this
bill, we should find that it would not remove the
necessity of such a reorganization. But, sir, it is
not for me to indicate my opinions in relation to
this matter to the Senate. I 'know that they are
worth little, and I will refrain from offering them
upon the discussion of this bill. But I will say,
that when the Department of the Ireasury is re-
organized, it will have to be changed in aveiy
different mode from that proposed in this bill, it
has been found, by experience m other countiies,
that it is the better way so to arrange the forms
and so to classify the offices as to introduce thor-
oughly and completely the principles ot the double
enuy into the whole system of public accounts.
This is the great impiovement which has consti-
tuted the superiority of the admirable Fiencli sys-
tem of' finance, which is admitted to be the best in
Europe, and which has, to some extent, been bor-
rowed and pursued by other Governments. Even
her insular neighbors and rivals have testnied tneir
admiration of that system m more ways than one;
and it has been made the subject of lepoit and
special investigation by the English House of
Commons. But, sir, 1 will not give you my ad-
vice (lest it should be deemed officious) in relation
to the reorganization of the Tieasury Department.
I wish merely to say that this bill will not remove
the difficulties to be overcome. For one, I am not
convinced that it would ali'ord theSecieiary of the
* Treasury any substantial relief. Whatproposes
to do for the Secretary of State might be ciiected,
if necessary at all, by giving to the Commissioner
of Patents the decision of such judicial cases as
that Secretary must now decide. What the biil
proposes to do for the Secretary of War, m re-
lieving him from the Indian Allans, is not only
unnecessary, as I believe, but I fear is likely to be
pernicious. Upon the whole, sir, I am ot opinion,
even if the general conception of a Home Depart-
ment were right, still this bill would lequire im-
portant amendments to make it work efficiently and
well as a separate department of the Government.
Mr. WEBSTER. Sir, I am in favor of this bill,
"and 1 have no objection to the amendments. I am
rather inclined to concur m them, and upon the
whole 1 am of the opinion that" it is now most ex-
pedient, if the Senate approve of the general object
of the bill, to take it and pass it. As far back as
the time of Mr. Monroe, and up to this time, per-
sons most skilled and of the mo&t experience in the
administration of this Government, have recom-
mended the creation of some other department, and
to make some further distribution of the duties.
Gentlemen can remember what Mr. Monroe, and,
i believe, earlier, what Mr. Madison said on that
subject. 1 believe it is true that the business of the
Government has outgrown the means of peiform-
ing the duties of it. it is said, but not very con-
clusively, that we create offices from time to time,
and tMKe additions to salaries of existing offices.^
Well, the country is increasing; the business of
the Government is increasing; tfiere is a great deal
more work to be done. 1 do not know one bureau,
one department,one clerkship in the administration
of this Government that may now be considered a
sinecure. 1 am persuaded that a great portion of
the officers m the Treasury Department aie over-
worked, as well as in the War and other Depart-
ments. This bill may not be perfect; it may re-
quire further consideration. 1 wish theie was more
time to consider it now. But the popular branch
of the Legislature has passed it. It is heie. it is
my opinion that there is a general sense m the
country that some such piovision is necessary, i
see nothing incongruous in separating the business
of the Land Office from the Treasuiy Department,
because, in thefiist place, the business of the Land
Office is enough of itself to occupy the attention ot (
one man. i agree that, so far as the revenue of i
the country results from the receipts from the pub- j
lie lands, if there were no other object, it might be .
well that they should continue unuer the same ad-
ministration. But for all essential purposes it is |
the same. The proceeds of the public lands are ,
brought into view by the Secietary of the Tieas-
ury. And they will be heieatter, as heretofore,
included m eveiy estimate of the public income, I
see no inconvenience, out it will relieve the head ot
the Tieasury Department from acting and deciding
upon these very numerous and very important land
questions that arise tor lus decision, i will not say
anything of the importance of the Indian Depait-
^ment, now attached to the Department of War; i
will not say anything of ceitam portions of the
duties now assigned to the Depaitment of State,
such as the Patent Office, whicli ate quite abund-
ant to supply work enough for the most intelligent j
and most diligent man in the country. 1 believe j
this to be ihe case, and 1 entirely concur with what .
has been said by the member hum Mi^istsippi. i j
sliall, for myself, be content to vote for the Dill as >
it is. The subject will be open for revision here- i
after, and nothing will bo established but what
Congress may levise.
Mr. JS iLES. This is not a bill propeily before
us for legislation. It is not a proper subject of
legislation. You cannot create a new department
by the legislation of Congress. The departments
of this Government grow not out of the jurisdic-
tion, but the duties ot the Government, ihe ne-
cessity of the perloimalice of new duties would
lead to the necessity of having new officers to per-
form those duties, if we weie to have an internal^
revenue, or a direct tax, or any oiher mode of
i aismg levenue within the country, it might requite
u new depai unent ielating to tins internal(ievenue,
and it might include the internal trade and the
agricultural interests and statistics ot the country,
and be connected with all industrial pursuits of tne
country. The departments giow out of the nature
ot the public duties. The Department ot State is
connected with our foreign leutions, or with the
business of the nation as a contedeiated State.
Tne Department of the Trea&uiy is connected with
the levonue of me country. Tne Department of
War is connected with the military establishment
of the country, and the Department of the I*favy
with the naval estabhshmentof the^country. Then
we have an Attorney General, who is the law
officer of the Government; the Postmaster Genera!,
who is connected with the mail service of the
country. Now, can you, by law, create a new-
department where thfere are no additional public
duties to'be-discharged? Why, sir, it is not a new
department; it is a new Cabinet officer. What are
his appropriate duties? He has no appropriate
duties by this bill; and the very fact that the bill
provides for this high officer but one clerk proves
that he has no duties whatever as the head of a
department. It cannot be called a department.
This is only a'bureau. The officer is to have su-
pervision in case of appeal, but he has no inde-
pendent judicial department.
It is important, it is said, that this new officer
should be appointed, in order to relieve the Treas-
ury Department. But, as I understand the bill, .
there are various other duties given to this new
officer. One of the bureaus of that department is
given to him, it is true; but he has also taken a
bureau from almost every other department. He
has taken a bureau fiom the War Department,
and from the State Department, and so of others.
He has taken the Patent bureau, the Public Land
bureau, and a number of other bureaus, thrown to-
gether without appropriate connection, and placed
under this new officer, and called a department.
And what is the advantage of making a separa-
tion of these bureaus from the departments to
which they are now attached? Why, sir, it is
known that they are substantially independent of
the departments. They discharge their own aj-
propriate duties; and the cases of appeal are not
very numerous, nor very troublesome. They are
merely to settle some general principle. All the
detail of the ordinary business of the bureau may
be considered as independent of the department.
This is the case already with most of the bureaus
of the Treasury Department. The accounting
bureaus are independent by law, and ought to be.
They merely bring general principles before the
proper head of the department. (Questions of law
are referred to the law officer of the Government.
Those cases where appeal is made to the head of
the department, or the Attorney General, are very
few, and aie not very troublesome.
Now, I see no appropriate duties for this new
i officer—none at all. What, then, is the necessity
I of creating an additional officer of this kind, who
will have no appropriate duties—a mere officer to
be placed at the head of the several bureaus which
are now brought together without reason? Sir, I
agree with the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Hun-
ter] in what he has said upon one point. I have
no doubt that the depaitments generally, and the
Tieasury Department in particular, need a reorgan-
ization; but this bill does not provide a reorgani-
zation. It will introduce no valuable change in
that department. It will not relieve the Treasury
Department; but I apprehend that it might rather
embarrass the action of that department to create
a new officer, whose acts might not be in conform-
ity with the system now existing.
There is a strong argument for a measure of
this kind from the recommendation of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury. Why, sir, his recommend-
ation is not higher than that of Mr. Madison, one
of our first Presidents, and it seems that his judg-
ment was not very well founded, for he recom-
mended'it m his time, more than thirty years ajjo,
and it has not been adopted yet. The necessity
which he supposed to exist does not seem to have
existed, because we have gone on for more than
thirty years, and have found no reason for a
change. There is no necessity for that law, and,
if there was, the bid is not property digested. It
is not the bill we ought to have. £Sir, the whole
tendency of this Government is to increase patron-
age, to foster and enlarge the Executive power,
which is becoming; a maelstrom to swallow up all
the powers of this Government. That tendency
is like the dark waves of the Propontis, setting in
one direction, without a returning tide. If the
power is once created, if you once enlarge the
circle of Executive power, can you ever contract
it again? Is there such an example m history?
There is none, sir, none. Let us then be cautious
how we hastily enlarge this power, which is grad-
ually, and not very siowly, swallowing up all the
poweis of the Government.
