67.6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
be called the Secretary of the Interior," and in lieu
thereof inserting u appointed an officer to be called
an Assistant Secretary of the Treasury/5
In support of this amendment, he.said: I said,
when I had the honor o-f addressing the Senate
" to-day, that this bill would effect an- important and
vital change in the organization of the Federal
Government. It is u^ged-by Senators who sit on
this side of the Chamber on the ground that it has
been recommended by the present Secretary of the
Treasury, and that the reason for the recommend-
ation was, as siat^l by the honorable Senator from
Mississippi, that the Treasury Department was
overburdened with work, and would breakdown
with its own weight. I was concerned to find
gentlemen, standing, as I do, on the great questions
which divide parties in the country, lending their
countenance and votes to such a measure.
-Mr. FOOTE. Will the Senator bear with jne
for a moment, while I ask the distinguished Sen-
ator from South Carolina whether he himself did
not supports.the recommendation of Mr. Monroe
for a similar measure?
Mr. CALHOUN. It is so long since the termi-
nation of Mr. Monroe's administration that I will
not undertake to assert from.memory whether the
measure theft proposed was similar to this; but I
will say this, that I have never been in favor of
such a measui e.
Mr. MASON. If gentlemen will look at this
Jbill, they will see, that in its first section, it pro-
poses- the organization of a separate department
for the administration of the affair#-of the Federal
Government—a separate department, eo ftominc,
its chief to form one of the Cabinet, as it is culled,
whose counsels are to enter into the administration
of the Federal Government. What is the language
of this section ? ''There shall be creatcd a new
* Executive department of the Government of the
i United States, to be called the Department of the
* Interior"—a new Execuive department of the :
Government of the United States, to be called the j
Department of the Interior—"the head of which
department shall be called the Secretaiy of the I11-
teiior, andvshall be appointed," &c.
Now, what is the meaning of this? Why, the
Secretary of this Home Department, or Depait-
ment of the Interior, which is to form the fifth
department of this Government, is to be a member
of the Cabinet, and his voicg is vto have authority
in thfe councils of the administration of the Gov-
ernment, in the management of all it3 affaiis. To
what end? I pray Senators to answer, to what
end is all this machinery to be introduced, but to
remodel and ptve a new cast to the organization of
this Fcdcial Government? Sir, who can mistake
it? Who can be so blind as not to see, and under-
stand, and feci what will be the etfuct of this new
machinery? I hesr honorable Senators who siton
this side of the Chamber to remark the spectacle
which is exhibited here. Look at Senators who
siton that side, unanimous m favor of this meas-
ure, representing the party now called the Whig
party, once the Federal party, and not a dissent-
ing vote.
Mr. MANGUM. Not so, sir.
Mr. MASON. I do not mean to say that every
individual Senator who sits tliere is of that school
once known as the old Federal party. I am speak-
ing of them as the membeis of a great party in
this Confederacy which has been known from the
earliest organization of the Government. Doubt-
Jess there are among them those who differ with
them. Wellrsir, what do we find? We find every
vote there ready and prompt to carry this plan
into effect. And what will be achieved by it?
Why, it is said it will relieve the Secretary pf. the
Treasury from some of the burdens of his depart-
ment. Now, if this be the only end, [ pray Sen-
ators who sit here with me to vote for the amend-
ment which I have offered. The amendment I
have proposed is to give an assistant to the Secre-
tary" of the Treasury, and to devolve on that
assistantall the duties prescribed in this bill as
those to he discharged by the Secretary of the In-
terior. This will take from the bill its imposing
machinery of creating this fifth department of the
Government, called the Home Department, or i
tlq\iQcunqus alio nomine gaudet." It will afford ail !
the -relief to the heads of existing departments :
effected by the bill as it stands, and take fium it •'
tJ)e on'X- character of a separate organization. |
And, if the object be really, as doubtless it is in- I
tended by gentlemen, who advocate it here, to take I
from the Secretary some of the burdens of the de-
partment, why "not devolve them upon.a subordi-
nate officer, instead of creating a new department?
Mr. FOOTE. Will the Senator allow me to
vindicate myself? Tiie Senator seems to suppose
that some of us on this side are bound to obey the
dictation "of others. I would like to know from
the Senator how long it is since he voted with the
Whig party ?
Mr. MASON. I can assure the Senator from
Mississippi that I never meant to intimate that
gentlemen who sit on this side*have designed by
their votes on this measure to wlentify themselves
with Senators on the other side? and, if I have said
anything: that was calculated to make that impres-
sion, I did myself wrong. But I will answer the
inquiry which the Senator has made. 1 never, so
far as_ I know, have voted in the councils of the
opposite' side.
Mr, FOOTE. Has 'not the Senator been what
is called a Conservative?
Mr. MASON. Very probably, so called. But
I can assure the Senator, when I was called Con-
servative, my-conservatism was to preserve the
States and their institutions from the usurping tend-
encies of the Federal (Jpvernment. It was not
for enlarging the powers of the Federal Govern-
ment.
Mr. FOOTE. I did not mean to intimate that
the Senator was not on©,of the soundest of Demo-
crats.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I take little note
of mere names, but he has read the history of his
country to little purpose who does not know th.it
there are two great parties in this country: those
who would extend the powers of the Federal
Government, and those who would confine them;
and when I use names it is only for the purpose of
distinguishing between parties as so organized. I
have offered this amendment, sir, for the purpose
of enabling those who sit on this side of the Cham-
ber, and who entertain, and honestly entertain, the
opinion that the Department of the Treasury is
overburdened—and that opinion may be coirect—
and that it is necessary to adopt some measure to
relieve the head of that department from duties
which he is* unable to perform, to provide an offi-
cer who can perform them—an assistant secretary;
and I have drawn the amendment in such way
as to devolve all the duties contemplated by this
bill to be assigned to the Home Department upon
such assistant secretary.
Sir, what is the evil ? The evil is, that the de?
partment is broken down with the duties that are
imposed upon it. And what is the remedy ? Why,
ihe remedy reaches far beyond the disease. The
remedy is, to create a new department of the Gov-
ernment where none is necessary, and to devolve
upon that department everything which -belongs
to our interior relations, to begin with the Patent
Office, taking in the Indian Department and the
Land Office, and to stop Heaven knows where.
Sir,(In the school in which I have been reared,
and which I trust I shall ever religiously venerate,
I have had impressed upon me a distrust, a deep
and settled distrust of every measure which tends
to strengthen the arm of Federal power. I would
hold this Goverrnnentstrictly to the poweis clearly
granted, and restrain it, as far as practicable, from
interference with the people in their domestic pur-
suits. I have been taught, sir, that the State gov-
ernments are to administer in our-domestic.rela-
tions; and that the operations of the Federal Gov-
ernment were intended chiefly for the regulation
and administration o'f our exterior and foreign
relations. And the lesson has been impressed
upon me by my knowledge of what has been at-
tempted over and over again by those who lean to
an extensionof Federal power/N Sir, how is the
country .divided? Look at it, I beseech you. Is
it not manifest that the planting States, #hose
which grow the articles of export, pay the taxes;
and those which enjoy the carrying trade, and
conduct our foreign commerce, which are engaged
in manufactures, pay but little tax, while they
revel and grow rich by the expenditures of the
Government? What is the tendency of this? Why,
it leads those who thus profit to bring everything
they can within the vortex of the Federal Gov-
ernment.
I pray gentleman who sit on this side of the
Chamber, and whose object is only to disembar-
ks the department of duties which I dare say it
cannat discharge—I pray them to allow those
duties to be devolved upon a subordinate officer of
the treasury, and not to create a new department.
In the creation of a Federal Government, in
order to effect uniformity of action amongst the
States, it was found convenient, in some few in-
stances, to devolve upon it control over certain of
the interior or domestic affairs of the people. The
public lands, granting patent rights to authors and
inventors, and the post office, furnish examples of
this kind. The latter alone, from its magnitude,
seemed to require, and has always had, a sepnrate-
organization; and its influence, by means of the
extensive patronage it yields, is greater, by many
fold, than all the coordinate' departments together.
All other branches of the public service in this
class have heretofore been purely subordinate. I
desire stittto keep them so. They properly belong
to a subordinate sphere, and should, not be mag-
nified and elevated to the grade of a separate and
independent department of the Government.
I am ambitious of no distinction on this subject.
It is the first time in the session that I.have as-
sumed or asked the right to be heard upon any •
great measure whatever. Sir, I see in this the
entering wedge to effect a total change in the ma-
chinery of Government, and that upon the incom-
ing of the first Administration of a party which
has been in a minority for -forty vears.
Several Senators. Oh, no!
Mr. MASON. Yes, sir, forty years; with a
temporary intermission of some thirty da^s only
within two generations. Sir, I wish to call the
attention of the southern people to this measure,
in order that, if it does pass, they may see it and
watch it in its operation. Why, sir, who knows
but that the operations of this new power, in name
and by nature a Home Department, may be brought
to bear upon the great questions which now agitate
the American people? Even those institutions
which some are so anxious io lay their hands on
may be brought into the vortex. "Who is wise
and farseeing enough to foretell where power will
stay its hand? Again, sir, what a door is opened
in this Home Department for machination and
management on the part of that great interest
always at work to hold the South 'tributary to
northern manufacturers? A bureau for the pur-
suit's of domestic industry and the arts would be
in perfect keeping w(th the organization of a Home
Department.
I confess, sir, that I feel deeply on this subject,
because 1 find'the bill has countenance with some
Senators amongst those with whom 1 am accus-
tomed to act, and I Uee a fixed determination on
the other side to carry it, which cannot be done
without their cooperation. I am far, I trust, from
any piide of opinion, anil further still from mere
factious opposition to any measure'which finds favor
with a majority of this body; but I cannot allow
this measure to pass without entering my protest
against it. If it is to pass, I want the eyes of the
American people to be upon it, that they may see
its progress, trace it in its course, and destroy it
before it becomes too powerful to be resisted.
Honorable Senators have said that this measuie
has been recommended from the days of Hamilton
and JVhjdison down to the present. Sir, if this he
so, and it has never been adopted though recom-
mended for half a century, I should strongly infer
that its want of favor resulted frotn apprehension
of its'hidden and dangerous tendencies. I canfiot
hut remark, too, the striking auspices under which
the measure is now brought up—at the advent nf
a new Administration, and, if we are to credit that
party at whose hands it comes into power, when
the caste and policy of thfe Government is to an-,
dergo a total change. Whether the expectations
of the party claiming the next Executive are to be
realized, remains to be seen; but this their first
great throw for new sources of patronage and
strength fills me with alarm.
I have offered this amendment in good faith.
The object being, as 1 have understood from the
course of argument here, to relieve the Secretary
of the Treasury from some of the burdens of hia
office, the effect of the amendment will be to pro-
vide an officer who shall stand in the place and
have all the duties of secretary of anew depart-
ment. It is intended to draw off the fire, if I may
so express it; but I have made the office subordi-
nate, and taken from the measure its characterof
a separate and new department. There will be <
no difficulty in having all the duties discharged
without the machinery of a new department. Leava •
