1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
677
them, then, as "they have heretofore been, subor-
• dinate.
What I ask, then, is, that without sufficient
' occasion at least, neither the power nor patronage
of this Government be increased. There is no
ifecessity here to multiply offices, far less to insti-
tute a new department of government, with a name
of suspicious and dangerous portent. Senators
who advocate the measure because recommended
by the Secretary of the Treasury, will find every
end which he proposes attained by the Assistant
  Secretary which the amendment provides. I am
sorry, in this late hoar, to have detained the Sen-
ate even for the brief time I have occupied. But,
sir, I fear this unknown " Department of the In-
terior." Sir, there is a dark cloud now lowering
- over this Cnpitol 
Mr. BERRIEN, (pointing to the galleries filled
. ^with ladies.) I deny it, sir.
Mr."MASON. Which has its origin in author-
ity assumed to interfere with the domestic affairs
and the domestic pursuits of our people. Obita in
limine, is-the safest maxim; and, planting myself'
there, I again respectfully submit to those on this
side of the Chamber, whose only object is to re-
lieve the Secretary of the Treasury, to vote for the
subordinate officer provided for by the amend-
ment. ' *
Mr. WEBSTER. I agree, sir, that there is
something lowering in the physical sky. We have
had a succession of damp and dull weather. But,
since I have been acquainted in this latitude, I
have not known a time when, in the political
world, there were brighter or clearer days. Now,
1 have but few words to say. Sir, we are in the
last hours of the session of Congress, and we have
very important business before us. Upon this
measure, a majority of the Senate approaching to
two-thirds, have again and again expressed, this
• night, the opinion that it ought to pass. That is
the settled opinion of this body. And, sir, if this
important measure shall be defeated by the further
continuance of discussion here, those are responsi-
ble who choose to discuss it after the sense of the
body has been again and again clearly and unequiv-
ocally expressed. I throw from myself all respon-
sibility on that account.
Now, a few words more. Really, I do not see
• that this is a dangerous question. It is not a ques-
^ tk>n about the industrial employment of the people
of the country. 1 can scarcely run it out to that
length. And I wish to say, and then I shall have
clone finally, that there is notin this bill, nor in the
considerations attached to this bill, one single thing
that extends the power of the Government, or the
* operation of the laws of the Government, a single
inch, or line of an inch, further than they extend
at present.
Well, sir, here we are acting upon a measure,
v which has been recommended by a gentleman who
has distinguished himself, I agree, at the head of
the Treasury Department—a gentleman of Demo-
cratic associations. We are acting under the influ-
ence of his opinion, as matter of experience; con-
forming to the opinion of almost every one of the
formerdistinguished Presidents who have presided
over this Republic; and, so far as I know, every
one of whom came from the State of the honorable
member. We know Mr. Madison's and Mr. Mon-
roe's opinions. -And all that we have heard here
to-night shows us that those opinions have not
been acquiesced in. Sir, it is time they were.
Gentlemen who have been conversant with the
affairs of this Government, and have experienced
the inconveniences that exist, have told us again
and again that a new organization is necessary.
And down to the present moment they all say that
all their experience, and all their knowledge, indi-
cate a necessity for this change. And What is the
answer? Y^e have-not done it. I think it is time
we did.
Now, sir, if I understand the argument on the \
other side, it is merely turning on a word. Why |
call this the Secretary of the Interior? The im-
pression seems to be that we are going to carry the j
power of the Government further into the interior i
than we have ever done before. I do not so un- j
derstand it. Where is the power? It is only !
that certain powers heretofore exercised by certain
agents are to be exercised by other agents. That
is the whole of it. And ge'ntlemen say it is crea-
ting a new department; overshadowing everything,
swallowing up State influence, and overturning all
the glories of our ancient State institutions. I see
nothing of all this. I see nothing but a plain prac-
tical question. There are duties respecting our
foreign relations; and there are duties respecting
our internal affairs: Do not the duties of the In-
dian bureau as much affect our internal affairs now
as they v/ill when this bill is passed ?
A Senator. And they are subordinate duties.
Mr. WEBSTER. And all subordinate; and the
only question is, whether there shall be a certain
principle established in the superintendence of cer-
tain classes of dunes. ,That is the whole of it.
There is not a particle of this bill, not a sentence,
for extending the powers of the Government. It
is a bill for appointing a new agent, for the ex-
ercise of already-existing powers—nothing else
under heaven. And all our declamation about
overshadowing cannot change or affect its im-
port. Sir, I repeat that this measure has been
demanded by those who have been conversant with
the affairs of this Government, and principally by
men from the South. And now, when the emer-
gency has become palpable, such as strikes the
sense of every one, it is proposed that this meas-
ure, which has passed the popular branch, shall
not pass here. Sir, the sense of this body is for
it. I will not trespass further than to say to those
who know this to be the case, that 1 desire to see
how far they will restrain the Senate, by their op-
position to this measure," from proceeding to other
necessary business.
Mr. DAYIS, of Mississippi. The debate upon
the measure under consideration has assumed a
character so different from that which was antici-
pated when I addressed the Senate in advocacy of
the bill, that I am compelled again to ask the atten-
tion of the Senate. In doing so, I will express
the reluctance I feel to consume any part of the
little time which now remains to close the legisla-
tion of the session.
- Had the measure been opposed directly, and
discussed upon its merits, I should not have con-
sidered it necessary to reply; but remarks have
been made calculated to prejudice the bill, and also
those who support it. The Senator from Virginia
[Mr. Mason] has presented the question in a form
as new as it was unlooked for, and to which it is
more disagreeable than difficult to reply. He rests
his objection upon party ground, refers to the sup-
port given to the bill on the opposite side of the
Chamber, seeming thence to draw the conclusion
that it deserves opposition from those who, like
him and myself, sit upon this. Sir, this argument
could only weigh-with me in the absence of all
reason, when, groping in the dark, without light to
direct me, I should find myself reduced to the ne-
cessity of following the call of those whose voices
assured me of the direction followed by my friends.
He says the measure has become popular on the
other side, and finds favor with some upon this side
of the Chamber. I enter not into the considera- J
tion of time when this measure found favor with 1
my political opponents; neither will I scan the |
motives which may by others be attributed to them }
as prompting their action. Believing it to be right, j
I find on the threshold a satisfactory cause for all 1
the support which the measure receives, and am 1
proud to be numbered among the " some upon this ;
side of the Chamber" who support a measuie j
from higher purposes than party advantage or in- '
dividual benefit; who find in the necessity, the '
propriety of the act, its justification, and who will ;
not defeat a public measure because the patronage '
which attaches to it will mure to the benefit of'
others; still less, far less, because the efficiency it
will bring to the executive departments will relieve :
from embarrassment an administration of the Gov- ;
ernment by those to whom we are politically op- '
posed. ^ |
Sir, I have been surprised to hear it asserted |
that this is a new proposition, suddenly presented !
to the* Senate. The bill, after debate, passed the '
House of Representatives, and has been for some |
time before the Senate. The mam proposition is ,
nearly as old as our Government. The first Sec- ,
retary of the Treasury recommended a division-of :
the Treasury Department, and subsequent expe- |
rience has brought from time to time additional !
recommendations for a measure the propnety of
which was so soon perceived in the practical work- '
ing of our Treasury Department, untd the bill now ,
before us was prepared by the present Secretary, ;
Mr. Walker, whose fortune it Ifas been to have :
charge of the department when expanded territory-, i
enlarged commerce, and a war conducted m a for- i
eign country, brought unprecedented burdens and
difficulties upon the department, and fully exem-
plified the "necessity for a new organization^ To
divide, to classify the official functions, so as to
give expedition and simplicity, increased checks
and accountability, is the purpose and operation
of the bill. Yet it is said to be an extension of the
Federal power, a measure repugnant to Democ-.
racy.
Sir, I -have no occasion to climb the house-top
and proclaim my own democracy; I have grown
with it, and all who know me recognize me best in.
the only political mantle they have fever known me
to wear. Nor, sir, do I believe my democracy so
feeble a plant that it requires to be surrounded with
props, and is in danger of falling if left alone.. But
on the present occasion there-is no want of sup-
ports the highest and most honored. A measure,
the principle of which bears the sanction of Wash-
ington, Madison, Monroe, and Secretary Walker,
could scarcely endanger a democratic reputation
which was worth preserving, though these names
may render it necessary, if Democracy be the basis
of ^opposition, to trumoct it loudly, lest the fact
should not be known, (ft is a strange confusion of
ideas which identifies the creation of a new depart-
ment, the appointment of new officers, with an
extension of Federal power. In the progress of
our Government this had been a frequent occur-
rencc; and in US future growth and ramification
must continue to occur. One Secretary, at an early
period of our national history, had charge of both
i the Navy and Army Departments. It has been'
necessary to divide them, and to erect many ha-"*
reaus in each; the agents have been multiplied,that
the powers might be well executed. Extended in-
tercourse with the Indian tribes has required new
agencies and superintendents; the expansion of our
population has produced, with each village which
rose as the forest fell, the necessity of new"post
routes and offices, new judicial districts, new col-
lection districts—enlarged the patronage, incieased
the action of the Federal Government; but wiil it
thence be contended that its constitutional power
has been magnified, that functions jiot delegated
have been usurped* ,
Sir, my belief has been, and i«, that the Consti-
tution of the United States would suffice for any
extent of territory which should be covered by
people sufficiently honest and intelligent to admin-
ister it; but, with widened surface, and multiplied
population, there must be a lengthened list of
agents too; nor did it ever occur to trie that in this
the Constitution would be violated, or Democracy
overthrown.
Mr. President, there are two modes in which
this bill &ay be defeated—either by amending it,
and causing it, for the want of time, to.be lost be-
tween the Houses of Congress, or by consuming
the time which remains of the session in discussisg
the merits of a bill upon whicli the opinion of the
Senate has been clearly expressed. To prevent
the first, I will vote against all amendments, and to
avoid the second will be as brief as circumstances
wiil justify.
I always feel respect for a voice which is raised
against the encroachment of the Federal Govern-
ment, and always feel ready to cooperate with those
whodeclare a purpose to restrain it to its constitu-
i tional limits; bnU sir, to restrain is not to cripple or
| to destroy. Within their sphere the powers of the
j General Government are supreme, entitled to the
| respect and support of all; to be maintained and
; defended with the same zeal with which encroach-
I ment upon the teset ved rights of a State should be
; resisted. If there be one class which, more than
all others, owe this respect and support, it is that
which is especially devoted to guarding against
! encroachment 1 was, therefore, surprised to hear
, the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] whilst
I arguing for restraint upon the Federal Government,
j asseft that it had nothing to do with our domestic
' lelations. Under what other head than domestic
| relations wiil he place the district courts,-the trans-
i mission of the mails, the collection of revenue, the
1 intercourse with Indian tribes', the disposal of the
! puhhc lands, the protection of frontier inhabitants,
I and the many other duties of the General Govern-
1 mcnt to the people ot the United States'
I Mr. MASON. If the honorable Senator will
I allow me, I will explain. I did not say that the
I Federal Government had nothing to do with do-
; mestic relations. 1 said the Federal Government
! was created to provide for foreign relations; but \f
