1849.
TlrlE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
679
other object than to extrefet the greatest amount of
morey from the hardy pioneers who, as joint
" owners of the public lands, have settled upon
them; let those who would prolong, indefinitely,
the landed proprietorship of the General Govern-
ment in the new States, insist upon keeping the
disposal of the public domain in hands the least
apt to advocate a policy which would hasten their
| , settlement and cultivation: my purposes aie the
„ • reverse of these; and, from a desire to-promote
them has arisen the interest I have taken in this
bill. Believing it to be a measure of public util-
ity, and that to amend, at this late period of the
session, would be to defeat it, I shall vote for the
. bill as it passed the House of Representatives, and
~ leave to the future the correction of such imperfec-
tions as may, in its operation, be found to exist.
Fully assured of the correctness of the main fea-
tures of the bill, I wish to secure the adoption of
the measure by passing it. If, as some suppose,
it will not serve the main purpose I have in view,
!. because of defects in detail, when time permits I
will unite with them in supplying such deficiencies.
Mr. ALLEN. I hold myself, and am held by
others, somewhat responsible for any measure that
„ passes this body, and which is to go abroad as a
measure of the Democratic party, and as we have
had it announced that this is a measure of that
kind, I desire to say that it has nothing about it
which entitles it to that designation, and that it shall
I not go .out as a measure of the party of which I am
a member, and for whose conduct I hold myself,
as an individual, responsible. Sir, we have been
told that measures of a similar description have
been recommended hy past Prpsj^e.nts. Be it so.
x Is this recommended by any President? It is a
measure which affects two of the other departments
of the Governments much almost as it does the
Treasury Department; it is a measure which affects
<• the interior texture of the whole Government, and,
' " as such, ought to have been a cabinet measure, and
-to have come here with the sanction of the head
of the Executive Government. Why is it that one
single Secretary recommends this measure? How
does the Patent Office happen to fall within the
cognizance pf the Treasury Department more than
that of any other department? How does the
Indian bureau happen to fall within thesweep of the
Treasury Department more than that of any other
- department? It is a mixed measure, embracing
a part of the duties of almost all the departments,
and therefore should come to us sanctioned by the"
recommendation of him who is over all the depart-
ments, the President of the United States. If it
had come to us in that way, it would have been
entitled to the name of Democracy, in so far as the
President was put in power by the Democratic
party; but officially heralded to the world, as it
"will be, as a measure which proposes to augment
the patronage of the Government, already so op-
pressive to the people of this country, upon whom
the burden of taxation falls, I do not choose that
it shall bear the cognomen of Democratic.
Sir, I remember full well, some years ago, when
the proposition to have a clerk, or half a dozen
clerks, added to one of the departments, would oc-
casion debate for a week, during the administra-
tions of Jackson and Van Buren. Such proposi-
tions never faded to be denounced as seeking to
plunder the treasury. Such propositions could not
have bceh got through without a contest of a
week, until the whole country had been called to
reprobate the tendency in the Executive to aug-
ment its power, and pander to its' own appetite.
That was the case some time ago. But now a
department stalks through the Senate with all its
lonf train of pensioned officials. At the ilext ses-
sion—"mark what I tell you—you will have an ap-
plication for a hundred clerks, on the ground that
experience has proved that the presentdepartments
cannot spare their clerks to fulfill the requisitions
of this bill: and that, therefore, you must create a
batch of a hundred new clerks. A Democratic
measure ! There are Democrats voting for it, and
good ones, I admit; but the Cabinet has not rec-
ommended it. Their silence is its condemnation.
• The President and fi-ve members of the Cabinet
stand, by their silence, opposed to this measure.
The Secretary of the Treasury stands alone as its
suppoit. We have a large majority against it.
How was it in the House? Almost the entire
party recorded their votes, upon the yeas and
nays, against it. How is it here? 'By whose
votes will it be passed here? By the votes of some
from both sides. But wherj are the negative"votes?
Every one from this sideof the House. .And, sir,
it is the negative very often that characterizes and
gives party complexion to a measure. I do not
understand anything of party in this measure; and
I should not have uttered a word had it not been
distinctly announced that the party of which I am
a member was to be held accountable for this
measure. And I know they will be held respon-
sible, unless there be some explanation.
Several Senators. Not at all; not at all. The
responsibility will be upon Congress,
i Mr. ALLEN. Wait, gentlemen, until you get
into power. You are men, and not difficult to be
read. Bythe theory of our Government the party
in power, provided they have the means of enact-,
ing their measures through Congress, or the means
in either House of Congress of arresting measures,
and do not do it, are responsible for the measures
of the four years. That is the theory of our Con-
stitution and the general sentiment of the people.
It is no matter, sir, whether the Democratic party
be in a majority in both Houses or not; if they
have the affirmative 
Mr. MANGUM, (interposing.) The Senator
from Ohio has stated that five out of the six mem-
bers of the Cabinet are opposed to the measure.
Then why protract the debate? Why not let the
vote be taken, as the measure cannot pass?
Mr. ALLEN. I am merely making this ex-
planation, sir, in order to knock off the christian
name from this measure. It is called Democratic.
I want it to be called by its rigfet name. It was
owing to that announcement that I felt myself
bound to say something; and it has been with ex-
treme reluctance that I have spoken. I did not
introduce these party considerations into this dis-
cussion. "What I ^aid before barely had reference
to the financial effect of this measure. I will ask
gentlemen on the other side, I will appeal to them
as men of candor, whether or not, if the case were
reversed, they, who have so long taunted the
Democratic Administration with extravagance; I
would ask, if the case were reversed, and their
Administration were within six hours of its final
termination, and our Administration were coming
in; I ask them to lay their hands upon their hearts
and say whether they would do such a deed as
this ?
Several Senators. Yes, certainly.
Mr. ALLEN. No,gentlemen. Thatwouldbe
in too frightful a contrast with the speeches you
have made, when the question was merely for the
appointment of one or two additional clerks.
Now, sir, we have no great and wonderful things
to perform, that I am aware of, until the next ses-
sion of Congress. Then there will be a new Con-
gress elected by the people. Both branches of
Congress will have undergone regeneration by the
exercise of the public will. Well, leave this meas-
ure for them. Leave this great question of changing
the internal action of this Government to the neXt
Congress, that the will of the people may be ex-
pressed on the subject. Although I have very
great regard for the talents and abilities of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, yet I am not of opinion
that he is the only living man who could cairy on
the business of the department, at least for twelve
months to come. He is an able and a laborious
man, and I think he has rendered meritorious
services to the country; but, at the same time, I
do not believe he is the only man in the world
who is capable of discharging the duties of the
Treasury Department for at least twelve months
to come. Well, then, according to the argument
1 that is set up, there is no danger of any harm
accruing before the next session of Congress.
I Then let us postpone the passage of this bill.
■ Mr. President, something has been said about
! the responsibility of interrupting the action of the
\ body upon other measures. The way to get through
i with other measures which are necessary for car-
rying on the Government is to lay aside this one,
' which is not necessary for that purpose.
1 Mr. MANGUM. Would you have the majority
give up to the minority?
Mr ALLEN. We had no vote, I believe.
I Mr. MANGUM. Several.
Mr. ALLEN. Well, all I have to say in regard
to that is this: that if a measure in favor of which
a majority of the Senate can be found, were, foi
that reason, to undergo no discussion, the rights
\ of the minority and the lights of humafi reason
I would avail very little in legislation. I supposed
that minorities had soibq right to claim" the priv-
ilege of discussion. The object of discussion- is,
to win over gentlemen from hastily conceived
opinions. I have been trying to convert my frien4
from North Carolina from the error of his way o^
•this subject.
Mr. MANGUM. You will be unable to ac-
complish it. ,
Mr. ALLEN. That is the business of reasoning.
But my chief object is, as this has been called a
Democratic measure, to relieve myself of the- re-
sponsibility of its passage. I say nothing as to
the propriety of those of my Democratic friends
who choose to do so, voting for it. I only desire
that it shall not be considered a Democratic pleas-
ure, and it shall not with my consent.
A Senator. Let it be called by ajiy other name.
Mr. ALLEN. It shall be marked with a differ-
ent brand altogether. I desired to say this much,
that there might be no mistake in regard to my .
views respecting it.
Mr. BERRIEN. I certainly do not rise to dis-
cuss the merits of this question; and if lean speak
in tones that will be heard by Senators, I wish
most respectfully and most earnestly to invoke
Senators to the performance of the duty which
devolves upon us to-night. It seems to be agreed
on all hands that this session must terminate at
twelve o'clock. We have, then, somewhat less
than four hours. Here is a bill upon which the
sense of the Senate has been expressed by? a de-
liberate vote. It is not probable that opinions faitl
be changed by discussion, and it is unimportant,
because, as the Senator from Ohio has just in-
formed us, the President is opposed to this bill,
no legislation therefore can be effective. But I
rose for the purpose of saying to the Senate that
the discussion of this subject is obstructing the
report of the committee of conference upon a bill
which is of the utmost importance; which report
necessarily involves discussion, and upon the in-
sult of which depends the question whether this
Government shall have the means necessary to its
fiscal operations after the thirtieth of June. Inas-
much as the sense of the Senate has been expressed
upon the. bill as much as if the bill had been passed
by the Senate, and inasmuch as there lies behind
it a measure which is of the utmost importance to
the Government to decide, and which must be de-
cided in the short interval which remains to us, I
invoke Senators, by all the duties of patriotism,
by all the respect which they have for the ex-
pressed opinions of a majority of the Senate, to
allow us to vote on this question without further
discussion.
Mr. DOWNS. I have ffo disposition to enter
into the discussion of this subject. There is not
time for discussion. But Senators on this side of
the Chamber have been appealed to on several oc-
casions to allow this measure to pass, on the ground
that it has been recommended by a Democratic
Secretary of the Treasury. I believe, Mr. Presi-
dent, that I am not taunted with a want of democ-
racy; I believe I am not taunted with having devi-
ated from the principles of the Democratic party
heretofore. I believe I have adhered to them as
closely as any gentleman in this Senate. But I
cannot consider this a party measuie. We are
commencing a new political era. New courses of
action, new questions are to be marked out, and no
doubt honorable Senators who support this meas-
ure will sustain their course in a manner alike
creditable to themselves and to the Senate. But a
great deal has been said about warring against the
power of the Federal Government. The gentle-
man from Virginia seems to suppose that there is
much danger to be apprehended from the power of
the Federal Government. With all my respect for
that gentleman, I must sajr that I think his appre-
hensions are altogether unfounded. I would go as
far as the Senator from Virginia, or any other Sen-
ator, at the proper time, to restrain the power of
the Federal Government; but I will join with no
gentleman in making war u-pon it when there is rio
, necessity for any such hostility. There is no in-
! crease of power proposed here.
Mr. MASON. I merely wish to say that I have
expressed no opinion whatever as to the degree of
consideration that should be'given to the recom-
mendation of tiie Secretary ot the irpapvuy. I
have as high a respect for that gentleman aS the
Senator from Louisiana. I intended uu disrespect
to the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. DOWNS. I had no reference to the opm-
