1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
688
Mr. .WEBSTER. Where do you find that rule?
Mr. HUNTER. In all parliamentary law.
Mr. WEBSTER. 'We have a&practice here
sometimes of saying that an appeal shall be de-
cided without debate. But as to a question of
order, f apprehend it has always been the practice'
to debate such question.
Mr. HUNTER. Let the Chair decide the point
of order.
Mr. WEBSTER. Then I put the question,
whether an amendment to an amendment to an
' amendment is in order?
Mr. HUNTER. That is not debatable.
PRESIDING OFFICER, US* the opinion of
the Chair, the motion of the Senator from Virginia
is not in order.
Mr. FOOTE. That- gives me the floor, I be-
lieve. Mr. President, with the most profound
deference to other gentlemen, (whom I always
prefer hearing, when they choose to speak, to any-
thing that I could offer in my humble way,) I feel
bound to say that the views that have been stated
to the Senate seem to me utterly erroneous. Why,
the other day, I did, in a very hasty and very im-
perfect manner, endeavor to show that the amend-
mentof the Senator from Massachusetts amounted \
to nothing; f say nothing—worse than nothing; j
because, sir, it was not only a nullity, but it would '
be attended with great mischief. I never yet saw j
a man undertake to do nothing that he did not do j
some mischief. Well, now, sir, this amendment j
- of the Senator from Massachusetts proposes to
. authorize the Government of the United States to
take possession, and hold possession of California
and New Mexico. Why, I ask, in the name of
all the gods—1 say, in the name of all the gods—
in the name of everything that is glorious in our
history, have not California and New Mexico
been seized and occupied legitimately and consti-
tutionally by the officers of our Government?
Mr. DICKINSON. Will the Senator give way
for a moment, until I read the parliamentary law,
to show the propriety of this motion of the Sena-
tor from Virginia? Allow me to read from page
189 of the Manual:
"A bill originating in one House is? passed by the other
with an amendment. The originating House agrees to their
amendment with an amendment. The other may agree to
their amendment with an amendm< nt, that being "only in
the H'cond and not the third de iue; for, as to the amend-
ing House, the first amwiuiment with which they passed
the bill is a part ot its text; U is the only text they have
agreed to. The amendment to that text by the ongirmting
House, therefore, i<? only in the fir$t degree, and the amend-
ment to that again by the amending House is only in the
second. 10 wit, an amendment to an amendment, and so
admissible."
Several Senators. " Let the vote be taken."
" What is the question r"
PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Downs being
in the chair.) The question is on striking out the
second section.
Mr. DAYTON. That has been decided to be
out of order; and there was no appeal.
Mr. RlASON. I make the appeal now.
Mr. WESTCOTT. I will stay here and con-
test this thing as long as I have the physical power
to do so.
Mr. MASON. I will now move to strike out
the second section.
Mr. DAYTON. That cannot be in order. If,
when the motion was made before, the Chair de-
cided it to be out of order, and that the only ques-
tion before the Senate was concurrence or nori-
concurrence in the report of the Committee of
Conference, can the Senator from Virginia rise in
his place and renew the same motion ?
Mr. HUNTER. The Senatpr from Missis-
sippi has the floor.
Mr. FOOTE. I hope there is no man in the
Republic who feels as much indifference to public
speaking as I do, for I think it is a very agreeable
business to most men, although very oppressive
to some. Still, if this body can now come to a
vote, I am prepared for it. Mr. President, what
is the question ? Let the question be fairly under- |
stood. « |
Mr, MASON.. I have moved to strike out the !
second section. i
PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Atchison hav- j
ing resumed the chair.) That motion is out of -
order, i
Mr. MASON. I appeal from the judgment of j
the Chair, and ask for the yeas and nays. i
Miv KING. It is perfectly in order for the |
Senator from Virginia to make the motion, though [
I am sorry that he.has thought proper to make it.
Here is the rule:
"AbiU originating in one House is passed by the other
with an amendment. The originating House agrees totfteir
amendment with an amendment. The other may agree to
their amendment with an amendment, that being only in
ihu >econd, and not the third degree; for, as to the amend-
ing Hou->e, the first amendment wuh which they passed the
bill is a part of its text; it is the only text they havo agreed
to.^ The amendment to that text by the originating house,
therefore, is only in the first degree, and the amendment lo
that again by the amending l^ouse is only m the second, to
wit, an amendment to an amendment, and so admissible."
Nowj cap anything be more plain? Is it pos-
sible that a«y one can doubt that the Senator from
Virginia had a right to offer an amendment to the
amendment of the House? I hope the Presiding
Officer will see the propriety of reversing his de-
cision.
PRESIDING OFFICER. On reflection, I am'
convinced that the decision of the Chair was
wrong. The motion of the Senator from Virginia
is in order.
Mr. DICKINSON. I wish to ask whether, if
we first take the question on agreeing, and the
amendment is disagreed to or agreed to, can we
then amend the amendment?
PRESIDING OFFICER. Certainly not.
Mr. HUNTER. What is the question before
the Senate?
PRESIDING OFFICER. It is on the motion
of the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. HUNTER. What is that motion?
PRESIDING OFFICER. To strike out the'
second section.
Mr. HUNTER. What is the second section?
The Secietary read the section referred to.
Mr. HUNTER. The Chair, then, has enter-
tained a rhotion to strike out the amendment to our
amendment.
Mr. BRIGHT, The Senator from Virginia
moves' to amend the amendment of the House to
our amendment That is clearly out of order. The
bill came to us from the House with an amend-
ment to our amendment. The proposition then is,
will the Senate concur in the amendment of the
House, or will they insist upon their own amend-
ment? which is one and the same thing; because,
if the Senate entertain the proposition to amend, it
opens the question de novo. The first question to
be put is, Will the Senate concur with theamend-
ment as an entirety ?—not with any part o-f it, or
with the amendment after something should be
added to it, hut upon the amendment as it is.
Mr. HUNTER. I agree with the Senator from
Indiana: thequestion is, first, Will the Senate con-
cur in the amendment of the House, or will they
insist upon their own'
Mr. WEBSTER. I do not mean to discuss the
question whether this amendment is amendable or
not. I think it is not. But at any rate, 1 know of
no practice that can now supersede the motion to
'concur. That is the fit st motion before the Senate.
I agree entirely with the Senator from Indiana in
the suggestion_that he has made; and I think it is
in order now to taker the vote of the Senate whether
we will concur in the amendment ot the House.
Mr. BERRIEN. I understand the Chair to have !
decided that the Senator from Virginia was m !
order in the motion which he submitted to amend j
the amendment of the House. |
PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the decision j
of the Chair. i
Mr. BERRIEN, That decision is unappealed '
from. If appealed from, the se:it>e of the Senate |
may be taken on the subject. Here is a bill 
Sir, if you cannot keep order, we had better bring
these proceedings to a close.
PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Senator
from Georgia take his seat until the Senate is i
brought to order. j'
Order having been in some measure restored— 'I
Mr. BERRIEN. I understand, then, that an |j
appeal is taken from the decision of the Chair, r
that the Senator from Virginia is in order m the l!
amendment he has submitted. That p,esents the n
question whether, upon the retain of this bill from j
the House with an amendment to an amendment \'
which we have made, the substitution of a distinct ij
provision by the House for that which the Senate
has adopted, we are under the necessity of adopt-
ing the amendment in its totality, or whether we |<
can modify it in any manner whatever. W'hen the "j.
bill went from the Senate to the House with an
amendment, the House disagreed to the amend-
ment of the Senate; a Committee of Conference ||
was appointed; they could ?not agree; the House
being in possession of the papers, upon the return
of their committee to the HouseT-a mot/on
made to recede from their disagreement to' the
amendment of the Senate. Were they under the
necessity, which is imputed to us, of concurring
with or disagreeing to the amendment of the Sen-
ate in its totality? Was not that amendment sub- •
ject to modification by the House; and have they
not, in the exercise of their rights, amended -the
amendment of the Senate? Can they, then, by-
such a course of legislation, impose on us the ne«T
cessity of receiving in its totality the amendment
which they propose to us? Sir, if that be the
course, if that shall be the decision of the Chair,
the only remaining mode by which the Senate-can
secure to themselves 
I shall stop, sir, unless this conversation can be
suppressed, and submit to you a motion of a dif-
ferent character. '
If the sense of the Senate shall be that they are
restricted by the amendment which" has been sent
to them by the House to the mere question for
adopting it in its totality; that they have not the
power to amend it; there is but one remaining
mode by which the Senate can'assert its rights,
and that is by disagreeing to'the amendment which
has been proposed by the House, and demanding
a conference. The conferees may certainly modify^
the amendment so as to meet the sense of both' ■
branches of the National Legislature; hut, in the
mean time, I suppose that it is according to the
course of legislative proceeding for us to modify
the amendment so as to render it unnecessary for
us to disagree with the House, and avoid the ne-
cessity for two conferences. I submit this consid*
eration to the Senate: if the decision of the Senate
can overrule that of the Chair, then the question
of concurrence, which the Senator from Massachu*
setts states to be a question overruling all others,
will be open^for discussion; and on that subject I
desire to be heard.
Mr. WALKER. I presume there ia no Senator
here who will assert that an amendment to an
amendment to an amendment is in order. Now,
let us look at this subject in its plain point of view.
A bill comes from the House of Representatives;
that bill is amended. That is one amendment. It
goes back to the House, and they amend that
amendment, and send it back here. Nowit is pro-
posed to amend the amendment to an amendment
m the third degree. Now, I ask, what is the main
question? What is the1 position from which these
| motions take their degrees? I say it i3 the bill.
I The bill is the thing which is amended. Now, I
! ask, if it is permissible to move to amend in the
third decree? In regard to this matter, f have
only to say, that, as 1 view the parliamentary rule
in cases of this kind, it cannot be done. But if it
could be done, I hope it would not.
Mr. WESTCOTT. This is the third time that "
the effect has been made to read the rule from the
189th page of the Manual, but we have not been
able to be heard. Will the Clerk please to read
the rule ?
The rule was accordingly read by the Clerk, as
follows;
UA bill originating in one. Hou«eis passed bv the other
with amendment. '1 lm originating H<m-e asjiees to their
amendment with an amendim nt The oth< r ni;>\ nyiee to
then amendment with an amendment, that hem;; only in ike
peennd and not the thiul riejree ; lor. a- to tW mo'-miing
Ilout-e, the fir^t amendment uuh which they the hill
i- a part of its text; u is the <>nlv t<-U they have a,nei d to.
The amendment to that texi by the originating Hou^e, theie-
loie, is oniy in the fir^t d< giee, and the amendment to that
again by the amer.dnu: Hwiise is only in the fx cond, to wit,
an amendment to an amendment, and admissible."
Mr. HUNTER. 1 ri3e to make an apology to
the Chair. I disputed its decision. I now admit
it was ri<?ht.
Mr. BADGER. And I beg to withdraw the
appeal that I took from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I hope that the pending
amendment will not prevail. If this amendment
is to be adopted as a whole, allow me to comment
very briefly upon both. The first section provides
as follows:
"That the President of the United States be, and he here-
by u-, authoi lzed to hold posse^nm of ami oeenpv the Tei ri-
iojie^ot California and N«i\v Mexico.ceded bv Mexico to the
United Stites by the tientv of the 2d day of Februaiy, 1848,
and that he be antlionzed, for that puipo-e, and m oidurlo
maintain the authority ot the United Still."*, and pie^rve
peace., md order m s:\ui Termnne*, to emp)o\ -.ui}  part< of
the army and navy ot the United States as he way deem
nt'ce:sfar>."
That is the first clause. The wUola of it amounts*
