684
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
to this: that the President may use portions of the
army and navy to hold possession of the country.
Now, who carrohject to that? No one; all agree
there. The next clause is:
"-That, nntiHtfte expiration of the next session ofCongressy
unless Congress shall sooner provide for the government of
snid Teiritories, the existing laws thereof shall he main-
tained and observed; and that the civil and judicial authori-
ties heretofore excised in said .Territories shall be vested
in and exercised by such person or persons as the President
of the United States shall appoint and direct, to the end
that the inhabitants,of Vaid Teiritories may be protected in
the-full and free enjoyment ot their liberty, property, and
religion: Provided, nevertheless, That martial law shall.not
he proclaimed or cjpclared in *aid Territories, or either of
them, nor any military court established or insiituted, ex-
cept ordinary courts-martial for the trial of persons belonging
to the army and navy of the United States." *
Now, I have already expressed an opinion that
the Constitution goes there without any enactment
at all. I tjiink the proposition isasciearasanything
can possibly be. But there are gentlemen on this
floor wh& dispute it. Then, if it be a debatable
and disputable matter, this secures it. Here is the
act which Carrie's it there. If it goes there without
any legislation, as some gentlemen contend, it does
not require this provision. If it does not go there
of itself, here is the very thing we want. Here is
the legislation to carry it there. . Who is there,
then, that can object to the first section of the bill?.-
By it we have got two things: we have got the
right to" occupy the country with our army and
jhavy, and we have got the right to have the Con-
stitution administered.
Mr. FOOTE. We have got both now.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I say we have got both
now. But some of our associates dispute it; and
if they are willing to give us a special enactment
. for- it, I have no objection. So much for the first
section." Then as to the second. I prefer retain-
ing it to striking it out. 1 apprehend that some
gentlemen suppose that the code of Spanish lav/,
without legislation by us, is to prevail in that
country always; and that they object on that
ground to this section. Now, if there be any ob-
jection of that sort, it is wholly untenable, because
H is temporary; the words are, " until the 4th day
of July, 1850, unless Congress sooner provide for
the government of the Territories." Well, now,
sir, you must have officers to administer your laws
thereupon the principles of the Constitution; and
if you strike out the whole section, where will you
get the authority to appoint them? It is this sec-
ond section which provides the authority. And
when they are appointed, what follows? In the
third section it is provided that " to the end that
the inhabitants may he protected," &,c.; and here
follows another provision, u that martial law shall
not be proclaimed," &c. Now, in the second
section, the proviso introduces a valuable provis-
ion; the second section provides for the appoint-
ment of officers who are to execute the laws; and ,
the second section continues the Mexican code in 1
force until July, 1850, unless Congress shalftooner
provide.
Senators. No, no!
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If that is denied, I am
at the end of my argument; because it is as plainly
set forth as anything can be. I have given my
view of the 'section.
Mr. FOOTE. " Mr. President 
Mr. BUTLER. , Oh! let us have the question.
We cannot*ialk it out.
Mr. FOOTE. My object is not to talk it out:
it is to express my views. I cannot permit the
■views of the honorable Senator from Kentucky,
for whose judgment I have great respect, to pass
•without a proper response. And I will ask him to
send me the amendment which he holds in his
hand, for examination. As I was proceeding to
say, some time ago, the firjst proposition of the
amendment is an absurdity, and is unnecessary.
It is a matter already provided for. And what is
that? Why, that the Government of the United
States shall take possession of California and New
Mexico. Is it not a fact that we are now m pos-
session? Is it true? I thought it was a part of
our history, and not the least creditable part of our
histor.y, that these Territoiies are now in our pos-
session. It is provided that the President shall be i
authorized to " hold and occupy"—those are the 1
terms—"the territory ceded by Mexico." Do we ■
not occupy the Territories now? Certainly they I
are occupied, either actually or constructively, by i
this Government. Sir, is not the President au- I
thorized to hold possession? k there any Senator |
who dares to take up tbg contrary position ? Why,
sir, wehave conquered the country: we havve oc-
cupied the-country: we still hold possession of it, j
against all the powers of the earth. And I ask
of any American Senator here if he presumes to
assert, in the presence of such a body of rrjen as
is here assembled, that we are not now in posses-
sion? If gentlemen have any doubt.on the subject,
I can show them that the President of the United
States considers.himself as having conquered the
country; as being in possession; as being entitled
to hold possession; as being bound by every ob-
ligation to hold possession in ail time to come.
Why, then, insert this provision? It is useless.
It is more—it is a slander,"not intended, but it is
a slander upon the Government. It has been said
that this Was an unconstitutional possession of
these Territories; that it was a usurped posses-
sion. I deny it altogether. I undertake to assert
that this Government has possession, and undis-
puted possession of the Territories. Why, then,
is it that gentlemen urge, at this late hour, that we
should take possession? Why, we are "bound to
hold possession. And if the President should sur-
render that possession, if he dared to surrender it,
he would deserve impeachment. But there is an-
other point.
[Cries of "Question, question!"] -
Mr. FOOTE. Gentlemen must be patient.
Mr.JVlANGUM. My dear sir, 
Mr. FOOTE. Though " my dear sir," should
come from a thousand mouths, I intend to do my
duty. I know the precise thing to be argued; I
intend to act accordingly. It is provided by the
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts
that u the President be, and he is hereby, author-
ized to employ theaimy and navy." Well, and is
he not authorized to employ the army and navy
now? Where is the necessity for this provision?
The President has occupied the country; he ts bound
to occupy it; and if he fails to do so, through in-
firmity ofpurpose or treachery of will, he is worthy
of impeachment; and I am willing, on the ground
of courtesy, to adopt the provision on that account.
By the second section it is provided that " until
the fourth day of July, 1850," (and thisis the third
day of March, 1849.) 
A Voice. This is the fourth.
Mr. FOOTE. And here it is provided, sir, that
" until the fourth day of July, 1850, unless Con-
' gress shall sooner provide for the government of
4 said Territories, the existing laws thereof shall
* be maintained and observed; and the civil and
1 judicial.authority"—my fuend from Kentucky,
I thought, read this sccuon wrong, but i End he
read it right—" the civil and judicial authority
1 heietofore exercised iri those territories shall be
1 vested in such persons as the President shall
'appoint," &c. Well, now, until the fourth of
July, 1850, unless Congress shall provide for'the
government of the Territories, the laws of Mexico
shall remain in force over them, and all the effects
and consequences likely to arise from the adminis-
tration of those laws, variant as they are from ours,
will be experienced. Well, sir, some "who were
most strenuously opposed to the election of the
President are to be intrusted with the power of
regulating everything in those Territories; but
the professed friends of the President, the men
who have professed friendship with their lips, but
have not exemplified it by their deeds, dare to
say what they dare to say until the fourth of
July, 1850, and no longer, so~help them God.
Why, the Democrats of this body dare to assert
that the President of the United States, though
electcd contrary to our votes, is, we nevertheless
believe, possessed of good sense, of patriotism,
and possessed also of strong intention to do justice
to the North and to the South, to subserve all the
substantial interests of the country without die- ;
tinction. We say we are willing to trust the
President of the United States, though not elected |
by us, with powerand authority to administer the |
Government in the Territories, with authority to j
regulate all matters connected with them until '
Congress shall otherwise decide; and, in addition
to all that, the power of the President of the Uni-
ted States 
A message from thePresident of the United States
was here received, announcing that he had signed
several bills.
Mr. FOOTE resumed. Mr. President, when-
ever I carf ascertain that this great question can be
settled honestly, and in a manner to preserve all
the interests of the South, as well as of the North
and West, then I am prepared to cease speaking,
which is ahvaya painful to me^but until then I
must beg leave to continue speaking. And hon-
orable Senators must allow me to judge formyself.
I do not intend to be dictated to. i know the rights
of the Senate; I know the rights of the Union: E
know our people will appreciate their rights; I feel
that we are entitled to require of those who have
disturbed our action so long, who have so long in-
terfered with the enjoyment of our constitutional
rights, thaj they shall come forward in the face of
the day and defend the wrong, or give us a reason-
able assurance tflH we shall enjoy them hereafter.
But the honorable Senator from Massachusetts,
who well knows that I respect hisjudgment, has un-
dertaken to urge upon us that we should submit to
military ,law. And what sort of government is that
for-the Territories? Is it for the Seridtor from
Massachusetts, the champion of science, the man
of learning, the scholar, the philosopher, the ora-
tor 
Mr. WEBSTER. No, sir; " I am no orator
as Brutus is."
Mr. FOOTE. I say more; he is such an orator
as Burke, the most consummate orator of modem
-times. Nay, he is a more consummate orator than
Burke. Is it for him, who has raised his potent voice
at all times so successfully to excite in the minds of
his countrymen a love.of learning, and of moral
advancement—is it for'him to say to us—oh ! is it
for him to say to us, that we, in the nineteenth
century, these twenty millions of Anglo-Saxon
men and women, among whom refinement of the
highest character exists;-among whom books are
to be met with in every cottage; is it for him to
say to us, " O my countrymen ! submit to-Mex-
ican law; forget the principles of civilization; for-
get that you have ever acquired knowledge; forget
everything you have learned, either at school or
elsewhere; and bow down in profound submission
to semi-barbarism r" That is the proposition.
And there is not a man now in the Union, vainly
sympathizing with the unfortunate Mexicans—
who are attempting to imitate our great example
in a system of confederated freedom—there is not
a man that has felt his sympathies awakened who
has not become hke one of those "rari nantes in
gurgite vasto." The great mass, white and black,
or whatever color you please, are maiked with
barbarism, ignorance, uninformed, fcven in alpha-
betical learning. It is a remarkable, a surprising
fact, and one that excites astonishment; if three men
happen to be about the streets, for the purpose of
conversing about election questions, it excites as-
tonishment, because it is not authorized by law.
And are we, who possess the lights of science
beyond all people of modern times, to receive
from thatsemi-barbarous people the laws by which
we are to be governed? Is that the people to
whom we are to bow, and say, Do teach us, if
you please, the science ofgovernment, give us law?
It is well known that the most barbarous enact-
ments have dominated over California; and yet the
Senator from Massachusetts proposes, and the
question is whether we will agree with him, that
these laws of Mexico, as they are called, shall be
the established laws of New Mexico and Califor-
nia. I ask, is there a man heie, (I speak unto
wise men, judge ye what I say,) can even theSen-
ator from Massachusetts, learned as he is in law,
can he rise up in his place and tell you what Mex-
ican law lie has ever read ! I know he is informed
in the common law, that he isthoroughly acquaint-
ed with the civil law; but I judge of him only as a
man of good taste, when 1 say that he is not ac-
quatn ted- with Mexican law. And yet he is gravely
proposing to us that Mexican law shall have force
in California. Mighty God ! sir, what L That the
laws of a people shall be enforced that no man pre-
tends to understand; that the very professois of the
law cannot explain ! For I dare the Senator from
Massachusetts—1 say it respectfully, courteously,
reverentially—to rise in his place and say what
laws would be in force? And I say again, that the
legislative body of a great nation should not adopt
laws of which they know nothing. Why, I un-
dertake to assert that nothing so absurd, no prop-
osition so unreasonable, so pregnant with mischief,
has ever been heard of before. And now, sir, I s
have this to say, I am strongly reminded of an
ancient anecdote, familiar, no doubt, to the Senator
from Massachusetts, which is applicable to these
semi-barbarous Mexican laws. It is this: In venal
