THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
iaws, the laws for the punishment of crimes and
misdemeanors against the United States, not* any
sohtaiy provision on the subject. If I am mis-
taken, I desrre to be corrected. There is nothing,
I say, that will extend the acts of Congress rela-
ting to the revenue and to the public lands to Cal-
ifornia. Now, I ask, if this amendment be adopted,
what measure the President can adopt to protect
the property of the United States there ? -In «,ter-
ritory which is so much alluded to as a valuable
acquisition to this country, how are we to protect
the gold mines? how are we to collect a revenue?
. The taws that were m force anterior to j^e execu-
tion of the treaty have ceased to exist; are we to
adopt their laws in lelation to duties on imports, in
relation to titles to lands? Sir, this, it appears to
me, will be the eil'ect of the amendment of the
House if adopted. '
Mr. FOOTE. If the Senator will allow me- 
Mr. WliyTCOTT. i have the floor.
Mr. FOOTE. 1 know that. 1 rise 10 a point of
order, i understand that'the Congress of the Uni-
ted States has arrived at the point of adjournment.
Let those take the consequences upon themselves
who have dared to resist a reasonable proposition.
1 insist that the Congress of the United States is
now bound to adjourn. We have no right to sit
here at all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER decided that the
Senator from Flotida was in oider.
Mr. WESTCOTT, This is an objection which
is radical with me, and which, *f I am not incor-
rect, 1 have observed will not be cured by the
amendments of the Senator from Virginia. Sir,
with respect to that amendment, 1 do not think it
will place tins question in the aspect in which the
gentleman thinks it will piace it, and therefore it
does not affect my objection. With respect to the
v slaveiy question, I have been anxious that it should
be set at rest; and it was only for that reason that
I was willing to advocate the insertion of what did
seem to me to be incongruous in an appropiiation
bill, a provision lor the government ot California.
It was, 1 say, for the purpose of preseivmg the
peace and htumony of the country that 1 was in-
duced to support the proposition; t>ut 1 look to the
country to ^miction me course that 1 took. Sir, I
have no idea that the people of this country, if
this distracting question could have been silenced,
would ever have tailed to sustain the Senator fiom
Wisconsin. On the contrary, the plaudits of the
country, lor having restored harmony, would have
followed his eiforts, I have no doubt. But what
is the elfect of ih* <uuendment of the Senator fiom
Vngin a, in reference to this' question? It is pro-
posed, in the first place, that the Constitution of
the United Slates shall be extended to California
and New Mexico; and it is proposed that the ex-
isting laws in those Territories shall cuntinue in
force, although the judgment of the Senator lrom
Massachusetts is, that the Constitution will abro-
gate all the existing laws. Sir, that does not follow;
for the Constitution is in foice, according to the
argument of the Senator, only by virtue of being
extended there, not as the pai&moum law, but
having the same authority as ihe enactment which
cnfoKts the Mexican laws. But that is not the
point to which I wish to direct the attention of the
Senate. Mt is this: that the amendment of the Sen-
ator lrom Virginia dots not eflieet the compromise
which he supposes. I will, however, at so late an
hour, postpone any further remarks.
Mr.YULEE. 1 here is a strong conviction upon j
my mind that we ha\e no right to proceed with j
legislation; and, if a portion of the Senate think
othei wi&e, in order to ust the sense of the Sei-ate,
I will move that the Senate now adjourn sine die.
Mi. DAVIS, of Mississippi, moved that theie
be u call (ff ihe Senate.
Mr. YULEE. I made my motion as the best
means oi teaching the decision ol the Senate upon '
the nghtf ulness of our continuing our session after I
12 o'clock.' j
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President  j
Mr. YULEE. The question of adjournment is j
not debatable. [
Mr. BUTLER. I agree with those who say that j
it does not depend upon the hour, but is entirely
within the discittion of the Senate when they will
adjourn.
Mr. YULEE. 1 believe the motion to adjourn
ie not debatable.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Is it in order to
a call ©f the Senate « .
Mr. KING. There is n6 rule oti the subject.
We have not been in the habit of having calls; but
thePresiding Officer can send the Sergeaut-at-arms
after absent Senators. ,
Mr. TURNEY. I am one of those who feel
that we are not here by legal authority. Our. time
is up. J'he sessidh has expired;, and I ask the
yeas and nays upon the motion to adjourn.
Mr. DAViS, of Mississippi. My motion inter-
venes, 1 believe. *
Mr. HUNTER. A motion to adjourn takes
precedence of all others.
Mi. TURNEV. 1 desire that the Secretary shall
noie the hour upon the journal.
[it was then twenty minutes pastSo'cIock'a. m.,]
Mr. WEBSTER. What is the question ?
PRESiDiiNUOFFlCER. The question is upon
the motion to adjourrf suit die.
Mr. WEBSiER. I protest against it. We
have no right to adjourn without the consent of the
other Hou&e.
A Senator. The President of the United States
has gone home.
Mr. WEBSTER. Very well, if he chooses to
go;, but we shall have the pleasure of sending him
a bill between this and ten o-'clock to-morrow
morning. I piotest against it lor the sake of the
republic.
ihe PRESIDENT decided that the Senate
could not adjourn without the consent of the
House "of Repiesentatives^ and, therefore, that the
motion to adjourn was out of order.
Mr. liRluHT. I desire to say one word. I
am one of the lew that have resisted the insertion
of a provision relating to the government of Cali-
fornia in this bill. It was admitted from the be-
ginning that it was not germane to the bill. 1 now
move to suike out all that relates to California,
leaving the bill just as we found it.
Mr. MA&ON. The amendment that was sent
to the House piovided a government for Cediloi-
nia. It provided tor the appointment of civil offi-
cers, and extended the Constitution and laws of
this country over the teirnory. The House struck
, motion to strike out the second eetflion, to submit
| a motion to strike out these words: ''Theexisting'
j laws thereof shall be retained and observed." Mr.
| President, the advocates of the amendment main-
| tain this proposition, that the laws of a conquered
, or ceded territory continue to be of force until they
are repealed. We propose to repeal no law of the
territory, either of New Mexico or of California.
If gentlemen, then, confide m the opinion which
they express, that the law of nations does that
which they ask us to do by positive enactment,
they will vote for the amendment. I ask, then,
whether, believing that the laws of a conquer^
country do remain in force, so far as they regulate
the relations? between individual and individual,
and so far as they do not conflict with the political*
law of«the conquering country—I take that to be
the proposition that is laid down m the case
which is so often referred to in this discussion 
if gentlemen are satisfied of the correctness of the
opinion they have advanced, where is the utility
of the reenactment of these Mexican Jaws? It
is an act of supererogation. If the law of nations
operates to preserve in force the Mexican laws
until they are repealed, the only question will be
whether those laws which relate to the subject
which occasions thisdiscussion are laws which reg-
ulate the relations between individuals, or whether
they are political laws, which cannot continue in
force in consequence of the extension of our Con-
stitution to that territory as *he supreme law. That
question I wish to leave open for the decision of
the supreme judicial tribunal of the country. I
wish to avoidrthe express enactment of Mexican
laws. 1 wish to leave the subject to be governed
by the principles of-' international law, which gen-
tlemen have invoked, and to go with them before
the supreme judicial tribunal of the country, and
see whether they or we are right in considering the
law regulating slavery as a law which partakes of
, the one character or of the other. I wish to leave
| the question open. And it will be left open, if the
i Senate will adopt the amendment which I propose.
1 No doubt the advocates of this bill in the other-
out-lh. whole amendment,^ sent us one back lj House also entertain thfe opinion which l.as been
filim irst clause, lor a nmlitaiy occu- j. expressed here, that the retention ef Mexican laws
pauon oi the countiy, and, in the second, reenact- |; by positive enactment is altogether unnecessary.
the laws of Mexico, and directing them to be
enforced. Now, the motion 1 have made is, to
strike out the second section, lor- the purpose of
avoiding the enactment of Mexican laws, and ol
leaving the couiitry to be governed by military
authority.
Mr. BRIGHT. X move to amend the motion
of the Senator lrom Virginia, by striking out the
enure amendment of the House. /
P ltK;SI IjuN ti OFFICER. That motion is not
now in oider.
Mr. UKIO'HT. Then it will be in order after
the vote is taken on the amendment of the Senator
liom Vngiiua.
Mr, BiiKKlEN. I desire to make one more
eliort to picseive this bill, it it be possible. And,
if i can nave the attention of Senators for a mo-
ment, 1 will veiy briefly explain my views m rela-
tion to this motion ol the Senator fiom Virginia.
The bill had been truly desenbed by the Senator
to be, m its hist section, a legislative provision for
the establishment ol wiiat will amount 'to a mili-
tary government; and, by its second section, le-
eiiacung the laws ol Mexico. It is said, that, tor-
asmucli as the provisions of the Constitution, or
as the Constitution, as lar as it is applicable, is ex-
j tended to Calilorina and !\ew Mexico, these Mex-
ican laws ale controlled by its piovisions, and
theieloie no appi elitnsiori is to be emei tamed ol
any mischief iliat can ause lrom ilie auopuon ol
that section. jNow, sir, ll it be tiue, that, oy toice
ol extending the piovisions ot the Constitution to
those '1 ei ntones, the lVtexican laws will be sub-
jected to their control, and can only operate in
subordination to the Constitution; it gentlemen aie
sincere m the expression ot that opinion, and en-
tertain at the same time the belief ol a conflict be-
tween the Constitution and these Mexican laws,
j why should we go thiougli the useless legislation
I of leenactnig exery existing law in Mexico, when,
! in consequence ot the extension of the Constttu-
! lion, by another clause, iliey can have no opera-
I tion •
Mr. M ASON. I comprehend the suggestion of
the Senator li;om Georgia, and accept Ins modifi-
cation.
Mr. BERRIEN. I propose, then, instead of a
If, then, we adopt this amendment, it will be deter-
mined by thejudicial tribunals to what class of laws
this one belongs.- We maintain on one hand,and
desire an opportunity of having the question deci-
ded, that the laws of the ceded terutory which
continue after the transfer are only those laws
which regulate the relations between individuals,
and that those laws which are of a political char-
acter do' not^continue m force after such cession.
Then, sir, the question, and the only question, as
we maintain, will be, whether the laws relating to
slavery in Mexico are laws of a political character,
or whether they are merely laws regulating ^the
relations of individuals. We have, then, to inquire
whether the constitutional provisionson thesubject
of taxation 
[Cries of " Question ! question! question!"
Mr. BERRIEN, Who calls question ?
Mr. FOOTE. It is parliamentary to do so.
Mr. HANNEGAN. When I said "question"
I thought the Senator from Georgia had taken his
seat.
Mr. CAMERON. I called for the question,
because 1 was astonished that men holding the
high a'nd responsible station of Senatois of the
United tStmesmt—
Mr. FOO i E. I call the Senator from Penn-
sylvania to order.^ He has no right to talk here,
still less to interrupt other Senatois. His term of
office has expired. t
Mr. JOHNSON, oY Maryland. The Senator
from Pennsylvania is clearly out of order.
! Mr. BERRIEN, It is difficult, sir, to repress
j the feeling which has been awakened by more
, than one incident which has attended this discus-
I sion. And jf there be anything which could ex-
cite a feeling of scorn, if it were not for the con-
tempt that is awakened, it is the offence of crying
u question'* 
Mr. CAMERON. I rise to a point of order. I
wish to know whether such language" is parlia-
j mentary?
Mr. FOOTE. -It is very proper under the cir-
cumstances.
Mr. CAMERON. I did not ask his opinion. I
can judge for myself, sir, of what is right and
proper.
