688
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3.
my honorable friend. He says he wishes to leave
this state of things to be decided by the supreme
Judicial tribunal of the country. Do we'not al!
Icnow that we have got to act upon the subject
legislatively? Do we propose to leave this subject
open for a series of years, until some sort of pro-
cess, unknown to me, some sort of bill, can get
into the Supreme Court, upon which a decision
may be had in relation to it? I tell you, sir, my
. opinion has been, and is, that what we now do is
temporary, because we have no time to perfect a
system of territorial government. This is a short
session, and we are at the end of it. And we pro-
pose by this bill thatihe Mexican laws shall exist?
How long ? The Senator from Georgia says until
repealed. We propose to shorten their duration.
"We purpose to fix a time beyond which they shall
not continue. Otherwise, if we did not act at all,
they would exist forever. Now, I put it to the
Senator from Georgia—and there is no difference
of opinion between u's as to the law of nations-*-
but I put it to him, whether, as a practical meas-
ure, it is worth while to send"this bill back to the
House to accomplish nothing? Sir, I shall detain
the Senate no longer.
Mr. BERRIEN. Upon an ordinary occasion,
I should willingly submit to the criticism of the
opinions which I have expressed which has been
made by the Senator from Massachusetts. Sir, 1
do not merely reciprocate the kindly expression
which the honorable Senator uses towards me; but
I say that his established reputation as a lawyer
makes even the very imperfect argument which he
has, now addressed to the Senate an argument
which must bcreplied to or submitted to. Sir, the
honorable Senator says, that taking what he sup-
* poses to be my statement of the law of nations, in
that particular he entiiely agrees with me. But he
does not state the whole proposition. I did state,
in the hearing of the Senate, that the laws of a
conquered country remained in force lentil they
were repealed Uy the conquering Power. But I
did also say—what the Senator did not—that that
principle does not apply to all the laws. I said
that those laws which regulate the^relations be-
tween individuals remain in force, notwithstanding
that the supreme authority is that of the conquer-
ing power.
Mr. WEBSTER. The Senator is quite right
in that.. The reason that I did not advert to it
was, because, in the subject before u's,'we did not
propose to touch anything beyond the political
regulations of the Territories.
Mr. BERRIEN. The honorable Senator-has
not touched ftie question. The question is, whether
a law regulating slavery is not a question to be
settled by the supreme judicial tribunal? There is
no question as to whether it does, or not, exist
* under our organic law as a basis of representation,
and subject to taxation.
Mr. WEBSTER. Where?
Mr. BERRIEN. In the Constitution of the
United States.
Mr. WEBSTER. Rutin what locality?
Mr. BERRIEN. Everywhere, where the Con-
stitution extends.
Mr. WEBSTER. In Massachusetts?
Mr. BERRIEN. Yes, m Massachusetts, and
only not now in Massachusetts because Massachu-
setts, in the exercise of her sovereign authority,
has abolished the institution. But slavery was
recognized by the Constitution as existing in th§
seveial States of the Union, and was made a basis
of representation and taxation. Then the question
is, whether that which is made the basis of taxa-
tion and representation is. not a law political;
whether it is not a law affecting commerce, the
relations of individuals; or whether it is a law
affecting the relations of the people and their gov-
ernment? The principled the law of nations, as
laid down everywhere, is this; The law which
affects the relations of individuals exists, notwith-
standing a change of sovereignly* The law which
affects the relation of people to the soveieign at
once ccases.- Well, now, we have no sovereign
except the people, who form the government; and
all .the laws which affect the relations between
, the people and the government a.t once cease. And
the simple inquiry is, whether slaveiy, as recog-
nized by the Constitutionof the United States, does
affect the relationship which exists between the
people of the United States and the Government?
And.the question will be made clearly applicable
.to any territory which may be acquired by the
United States, whether it.be-annexed to the United
States as territory, or whether it be incorporated
into the Union as States—the relations which exist
between the people and this Government, or be-
tween the people and the political laws, which
cannot exist after a transfer of Mexican authority.
But that is not the only question between the Sen-
ator fronf Massachusetts and myself. He stated
a portion of my argument without stating the mod-
ification. It is not, therefore, a mere nugatory
provision to re'enact the laws of Mexico. The
Senator proposes not merely to reenact the private
laws, the laws which affect the relations between
individual and individual, but, by a general sweep-
ing enactment, he reenacts those laws which, under
the principle embraced in the law of nations, would
cease to have vitality.
Mr. CAMERON. I rise to a question of order.
I find that no member shall speak more than twice,
in any one debate, without leave of the Senate.
PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Rusk in the
chair.) The Chair recognizes the rule. It is not
competent for the Senator from Georgia to address
the Senate a third time upon the same proposi-
tion.
A message was here received from the House
of Representatives announcing that they were ready
to adjourn. [Quarter past three o'clock, a. m.]
Mr. WEBSTER. Question on the amendment.
-PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is to
strike out the second section. Is the Senate ready
for the question?
*Mr. BERRIEN. The Senator accepted a modifi-
cation of his motion, so as to strike out certain
words of the section?
Mr. CASS. As I am among those who believe
that the teim of this session has expired, and that
it is incompetent for us now to do business, I can-
not vote upon any motion. I have sat here as a
mere looker on. I merely desire to explain why
I took no part in the proceedings.
Mr. BERRIEN. Upon the motion before the
Senate I ask for the yeas and nays.
They were ordered.
Mr. BRADBURY. I shall vote against the
amendment offered by the Senator from Georgia,
[Mr. Berrien,\as I am satisfied that if it is adopt-
ed, or any other amendment, excepting one to
strike out the entire clause relating to territorial
governments, and the bill is again returned to the
House at this late hour, it will defeat it. I am not
willing to do anything that will defeat this* bill. It
is a most important appropriation bill, and 1 will
take upon myself no share of the responsibility of
defeating it. I feared this result when-the attempt
was first made to ingraft upon it the incongruous
proposition to give the President the power to gov-
ern our Territories; and believing, also, that by
entertaining the proposition "we were losing all
chance to pass at this session suitable territorial
bills, I opposed the amendment of the Senator
fiom Wisconsin [Mr. Walker]- at the outset.
The House has rejected it, and sent back another
proposition less objectionable in its character.
The responsibility is now on those who began this
course of ingrafting incongruous amendments on
appropriation bills." If they send back this bill at
this late hour, with the amendment of the Senator
from Georgia, the bill will be lost, and they must
take the responsibility of the loss.
Mr. TURNEY. i am one of those who believe
that we have no light to sit heie. The time has
expired; one-third of this body are not present at
all, and the others have no right to sit here as a
part of Congress. But a motion has been made
for adjournment, and the Presiding Officer has re-
fused to entertain that motion. This being the
case, I must regard all that is done as done in vio-
lation of the Constitution, or, rather, not in pursu-
ance of it. It appears to me that we sit here more
in the character of a town meeting than as the
Senate of the United States, and that what we do
is no more binding on the American people than if
we did it at a town meeting. I shall expiess no
opinion by saying yea or ray on the question
before the Senate. At the same time, I protest
against it as being no part of the constitutional
proceedings of the Senate of the United States. '
The Secretary was proceeding to' call the yeas
and nays, when—
Mr.YULEE rose and said: May I be permit-
ted to ask what the precise question is?
PRESIDING OFFICER. The amendment
will be read.
%The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr. YULEE. I should be very sorry, indeed,
to make any proposition which may in any degree
run counter to the general sentiment of the Senate;
but I feel bound, laboring under the strong con-
viction that I do, to arrest at every step, and by
every means, any recorded judgment of the Senate
at a time when we are not legally engaged in the
discharge of ourSenatorial duties. I agree entirely
in the view taken by the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. BRIGHT. I rise to a point of order. After
the call of the yeas and nays has commenced there
can be no debate. I call for the enforcement of
the rule.*
Mr. YULEE. After there has been an answer,
I grant you debate would be our of order.
Mr. BRIGHT. I ask fos the decision of the
Chair.
PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair decides
that the Senator is m order, no response having
been made.
Mr. YULEE. Well, then, it mtfst be evident
to the Senate that, if we are proceeding without
right, we are proceeding in violation of our duty
and our oaths. I, for one, desire that my con-
science may be clear, and that the doubts which
hang heavy on my mind may be set at rest by the
solemn judgment of the Senate. If we may right-
fully proceed, it is my desire to take, my share or
responsibility for the acts of this body; I wish to
give my constituents and the country the benefit
of my vote, as my judgment may determine me
to vote; but before I can give it, I desire that the
Senate shouldadvise me. whether, in the judgment
of a majority, it is proper for us to proceed. I
shall yield to their decision; and it is with a view-
to obtain that decision that I make the motion that
this bill be laid aside, for the purpose of taking up
the Hou3e resolution relating to adjournment.
Mr. BRIGHT. I deny the right of the Senator
to make that motion, the yeas and nays having
been ordered, and the call having commenced.
Mr. YULEE. I contend that it is in order to lay-
aside the bill and take up the resolution, no re-
sponse having been made.
Mr. BRIGHT. I ask for the decision of the
Chair.
PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will first
refer-to the rule.
IVIr. FOOTE. I rise to a question of order. It
is not constitutional. We have no right to legis- ■
late in this way.
PRESIDING OFFICER, (having referred to
the rule.) The motion is in order.
. Mr. BRIGHT. I take^ an appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair.
Mr. KING. I hope the Senator from Indiana
will not insist upon that appeal.' There can be no
question that, the yeas and nays being ordered, if
there had been a< response, it would prevent scay
gentleman from speaking upon the subject. I trust
that the Senator will withdraw his appeal, and not
consume the time of the Senate upon points of
order.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have no disposition to take
up the time of the Senate, but I fep.l quite certain
th'at I am right upon this point. I contend that the
fact that there was no response does not alter the
question at all.
Mr. BERRIEN. A vote of the Senate cannot
decide a question of constitutional right; and after
their decision of this question, the Senator from
Florida would be just where he is now. If he will
withdraw his flfSotion until after the yeas and nays
are taken here, and will then submit a simple ques-
tion to adjourn, the question of order cannot at ise,
and he can .attain his object as far as it could be
attained by submitting his motion at the present
time.
Mr. YULEE. The Senator will perceive that
the object of making the motion would be defeated.
The object is to ascertain whether I shall give my
constituents the advantage of my vote without a
violation of my duties under the Constitution. If
I have a right to vote, I wish to give my constitu-
ents the benefit of my vote; but, if I have not the
right, I do not wish to violate my duty and con-
science. I cannot withdiaw my motion, therefore,
however much I might wish to accommodate gen-
tlemen.
Mr. MANGUM. I would ask the Senator from
Florida, if we are in a condition in which we can
take no vote, how it is that sve can take up the
resolution ?*
