1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
693
The SPEAKER said it could only be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, .objected until the
bill under consideration had been disposed of.
The Clerk now stated to" the Speaker that the
bill in relation to the branch mint had not been
engrossed.
Mr. DIXON moved that the rules of the House
be suspended, for the purpose of acting on the said
bill, without being engrossed.
Tellers (Messrs. Taylor and Sawyer) were
appointed. x
And the question was taken and decided in the
negative.
So two-thirds not voting therefor, the rules were
not suspended.
Mr. LYNDE asked the unanimous consent of
the House to take up at this time the joint resolu-
tion from the Senate, referred to by Mr. Cobb, of
Georgia, to correct a clerical error in a bill which
had passed both Houses. '
■ Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, objected to all business
out of order.
Mr. LYNDE moved a suspension of the rules,
to enable him to submit the motion.
Mr. WENT WORTH said that the gentleman
could accomplish his object hy a motion renewing
the motion which he (Mr. W.) had submitted last
evening, that the House proceed to the considera-
tion of bills on the Speaker's table that would not
give rise to debate, except the District bill.
Mr. LYNDE adhered to his motion.
, And the question having been taken and decided
in the affirmative, the rules were suspended.
The joint resolution which coireeled a clerical
error in' the act to change the location of the Chip-
pewa land office, and to establish a new land dis-
trict in the State of Wisconsin, was then taken up.
. The joint resolution having been read twice by
its title", was read a third time and passed.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. YINTON, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported back the biil (which had
been returned from the Seriate with certain amend-
ments) making appropriations for the naval service.
On motion of Mr. V. the bill was referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
POST OFFICE BILL.
Mr. VINTON, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported back the bill making appro-
priation for the Post Office Department, which had
been returned from the Senate with an amendment.
The amendment was read and concurred in.
BRAZOS SANTIAGO.
Mr. THIBODAUX moved that the rules of
the House be suspended, for the purpose of pro-
ceeding to the consideration of the bill from the
. Senate to establish a collection -district at Brazos
• Santiago, in the State of Texas; (which said bill
was on the Speaker's table.)
MINESOTA.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, said that
when the House adjourned last evening, the bill
to establish the territorial government of Minesota
was under consideration. Was not that bill the
first business in order?
The SPEAKER said it was the first in order of i
business on the Speaker's table, whenever the
House proceeded to that business. The pending i
question now was on the motion of the gentleman j
from Louisiana, [Mr. Thibodaux.]
brazos santiago.
And the question having been taken on the said
motion, and two-thirds having voted therefor, the
rules were suspended.
And the bill was taken up and read.
Mr. THIBODAUX moved to emend it by
striking out all after the enacting clause, and insert-
ing the"House bill. The object was, he said, to
give the benefit of drawback.
The SPEAKER said it was contrary to the rules
of the House to amend one bill by ingrafting
another upon it. It could be done by unanimous
consent, or a suspension of the rules.
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, suggested unanimous
consent.
And no objection having been made—
The amendment was offered and agreed to.
And the bill was then read a third time and
passed.
Mr. THIBODAUX moved a reconsideration of
the vote, and that that motion be laid upon the-
taole.
No objection having been made, it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. HUDSON, by general consent, presented
certain resolutions of the Legislature of Massa-
chusetts; which, on his motion, were laid on the
table and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HUDSON also, on leave, withdrew from
the files of the House the papers of Nimrod Clark.
]MAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. YINTON, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and proceeded to the consider-
ation of the amendments to the bill making appro-
priations for the naval service.
The amendments having been disposed of, the
committee rose and reported its action to the House.
Mr. VINTON moved the previous question;
which was seconded, the main question ordered,
and under its operation the recommendations oi'
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union were concurred in, with reference to all the
anfendments not subsequently noticed.
The amendment appiopnaung §10,000 for the
purchase of Bishop's patent portable boom-derrick
being under consideration—
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, asked the yeas and
nays; which weie oideied.
The question was taken, and decided in the
negative: Yeas 74, nays 101.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, moved to reconsider
this vote, and to lay that motion on the table;
which iatter motion was agreed to.
The amendment providing that those officers of
the marine corps who have been disbanded should
be reinstated, and that no appointments or promo-
tions in said corps should be made until"the said
corps was reduced, by deaths or resignations, to
the same number that existed therein previous to
its enlargement during the Mexican war, was also
disagreed to.
Mr. HAMPTON",of New Jerseyr from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills, made a report.
THE LIGHT-HOUSE BILL.
Mr. GRINNELL moved that the House re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state ^f the Union, for the purpose of taking up
the bill making appropriations for light-houses.
The motion, was waived for the moment.
PRIVATE.
On motion of Mr. MOREHEAD, the motion
heretofore made to reconsider the vote on the bill
for the relief of J. G-. Parsons, was laid on the
table.
BOUNTY LANDS.
Mr. BOTTS, on leave given, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, reported back, without
amendment, the "joint resolution from the Seriate
in relation to bounty lands and extra pay allowed
to soldiers in the Mexican war.
On motion of Mr. B., the bill was laid on the
table.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, moved a
reconsideration of the vote by which the amend-
ment to this biil, in relation to officers of the Marine
Corps, had been rejected.
Mr. T. moved the previous question.
On motion of Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, the
motion to reconsider was laid on the table.
THE LIGHT-HOUSE BILL.
On motion of Mr. GRINNELL, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Schexcic, of Ohio, in the
chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of the
bill making appropriations for light-houses, &c.
The bill was read.
Mr. GRINNELL offered the/ollowing amend-
ment, (under instructions, he was understood to
say, from the Committee on Commerce.) which
was agreed to:
For alight hoi.^eon the east paint of Maurice river, Cum-
beiJand county, New Jersey, five thousand doSIais.
Mr. NEWELL offered the following amend-
ment:
Foi providing life-boats, life-car-s, carronadcs, lines, rock-
ets, and other necessary apparatus, for the better preservation
of life and property from bhipwreck along the coast of New
Jersey, between Little Egg Haibor and Cape May, ten thou-
sand dollars; to he expended under the direction of ?uch
officer of the revenue marine service as nmy be designated,
for that purpose by the Secretary of the I'reu&ury.
Tellers (Messrs. Newell and McClelland)
were appointed. And the question having been
taken, the vote stood—ayes 90, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRINNELL offered the following amend-
ment, by direction of the Committee on Com-
merce; which was agreed to:
For buoys at Nassau river and on the coa&ts of Georgia
and Florida, $1,000.
* The bill having been gone through—
On motion of Mr. GRINNELL, the committee
rose and reported the bill and amendments to the
House. f
Under the operation of the previous question,
moved by Mr. GRINNELL, the atnencj/nents of
the committee .were agreed to, the bill was read a
third time, passed, and returned to the Senate.
Mr. GRINNELL moved to reconsider the vote
o'n the passage, and to Jay that morion on the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. TURNER, the House pro-
ceeded to the consideration of business on the
Speaker's table. *
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury;
which was laid on the table and ordered to be
printed.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
War; which was laid on the table and ordered to
be printed. '
The jnint resolution authorizing the distribution
of the American Archives to certain literary insti-
tutions, &c., returned from the Senate* with
amendment, was taken up.
The amendment-was read and disagreed to.
And the resolution was laid upon the table.
The bill establishing the Territorial Government
of Minesota was taken up.
The question pending thereon being on receding
from the tenth amendment of the House postpon-
ing the operation of the act to the 10th March in-
stant—
The previous question moved thereon by Mr.
Sibley yesterday was seconded, and, under the
operation thereof, the House receded from its said
amendment.
The message from the Senate, asking a confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes on the amendments to
the naval appropriation bill, was taken up and.
concurred in; and N
Messrs. Hudson;, Bayly, and "White, were ap-
pointed conferees on the part of the House.
The resolution from the Senate, suspending the
17th ioint rule of the two Houses, was taken up,
read," and concurred in.
The bill requiring all moneys arisii^g from cus-
toms and other sources, to be paid immediately
into the .treasury, &c., and the amendment of the
Senate thereto, was taken up.
The Senate amendment was read.
Mr. POLLOCK moved to amend the amend-
ment, and moved the previous question, which
was seconded; and under the operation thereof,
"Mr. P.'s amendment was agreed to.
The amendment as amended was concurred in,
and the Senate acquainted therewith.
The bill authorizing the coinage of one and
twenty-dollar gold pieces at the several mints, and
the Senate's amendments thereto, were taken up.
The amendments were read; and, under the
operation of the previous question moved by Mr.
McKAY, west; concurred in, and the Senate ac-
quainted theiewith.
The bill from the Senate authorising a patent to
be issued to William Green, junior, and other cit-
izens of the United States, was taken up and read;
when—
On motion of Mr. COBB, of Georgia, it was
laid on the table.
- The bill from the Senate for the relief of James
Hotchkiss, and the joint resolution of^the Senate
respecting the claims of A. S. A. Benson,
were severally read three tunes, passed, and re-
turned to the Senate.
The Senate bill to run meek '.he northern
boundary line of the Suues of !oa*ii r.icI Wiscon-
sin, was read thiee times, prised, and returned to
the S&nate.
