mi
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
Joint resolution of the Senate, authorizing the
examination and payment of Susan Goody, a
Cherokee, and others, for property destroyed by
-certain disorderly soldiers of the United States
forces at Fort Gibson, on the night of the ]2th
March, 1845, was read; when
Mr. McCLELLAND moved to lay the resolu-
tion on the table; which was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. DIINCAINf, of Kentucky, the
bill to settle the titles to certain land claims in' Ar-
kansas was taken up; and, under the operation of
the previous question moved by Mr. DUNCAN^
•was passed.
Mr. DUER, in behalf of the conferees on the
part of the House on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill for the relief of the repre-
sentatives of William A. Slacum, reported thai the
House recede from its amendments to said bill.
After some debate by Messrs. FICKLIN and
MEADE, the latter moved the previous question;
and,under the operation thereof, the House refused
to recede from its amendments.
The question was then put, "Will the House ad-
here to its said amendments? and agreed to.
The bill to establish a branch mint in the city
of New York, was read the third time and passed.
Mr. POLLOCK moved a suspension of the
rules, for the purpose of discharging the Commit-
tee of the Whole from th^ joint resolution to pur-
chase CatHn's gallery of Indian portraits.
The question was put and rejected—two-third.%
not voting therefor.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved to discharge the Com-
mit'tee of the Whole on the state of the Union from
the bill in relation to the district courts in Texas.
The motion wa3 not agreed to.
On motion of Mr. GR1NNELL, the bill to pro-
vide for the recording and conveyancing of vessels,
&c., was taken up, and, under the operation ot
the previous question moved thereon by Mr. G.,
"was read three times and passed.
On motion of Mr. GR1NNELL, the bill to ex-
tend the provisions of the laws relating to the car-
riage of passengers in merchant vessels, &c., was
taken up and read.
Mr. GRINNELL moved an amendment to the
said bill, which was agreed to; and the bill was
then read the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. McCLELLAND, the bill to
reduce the minimum price of the mineral lands in
the Lake Superior district, in Michigan, and in the
Chippewa district, in Wisconsin, was taken up,
and, undo** the operation of the previous question,
moved by Mr. McC., read "the third time and
passed.
Mr. COCKE moved to suspend the rules, to
enable him to move that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the private calendar, and take uppiivate
bills theieon.
Mr. WENTWORTH made an urgent appeal
10 the House to proceed with the consideration of
business on the Speaker's table, pledging himself
that he would move that the bill relative to the
sjave trade in the District of Columbia be inform-
ally passed over. They could not now pass the'
bill- He had done all he could to get up that bill.
Mr. BRODHSAD objected, and said the gen-
tleman wanted to get at something still more ob-
jectionable.
Mr. JAMESON moved to suspend the rules, to
go into Committee of the Whole on private bills
from the Senate to which no-objection was made.
Rejected.
Other business having intervened, (elsewhere
•noticed)—
Mr. COCKE renewed the motion to suspend.
Agreed to: Ayes 87, noes 41.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole, (Mr. Cones, of Tennessee, in the
chair,} for the consideration of Senate bills to
which no objection was made.
The House proceeded to the consideration of the
following bills reported from the Committee of the
Whole House on the state of the Union, without
amendment, viz:
An act for the relief of Mary ?JacRae, widow
of Lieutenant Colonel William MacRae, late of
the United States army;
An act for the relief of George Centre;
An act for the relief of Henry D. Garrison;
An act for the relief of P. Choteau, jr., an5 Com-
pany; • „ , _
An act for *he relief of the owners of the schooner
Ticonic;
Which were severally read three times and
passed, and returned to the Senate.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the following bills reported this day from the
Committee of the Whble, with amendments, viz:
An act for the relief of Nathaniel Kuy kendall.
An act for the relief of James F. Sothoron.
An act for the relief of the heirs of John Wall,
deceased.
The amendment to each bill was read and agreed
to, and the bills, as amended, were then read a
third time and passed, and returned to the Senate.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message was received from the Senate, stating
that that body insisted on certain amendments to
this bill, and asked that a committee of conference
be appointed.
Tt was so ordered.
A message was received from the Senate, stating
that that body had suspended the seventeenth joint
rule of the two Houses, which relates to the pres-
entation of bills to the President.
The resolution was concurred in.
DUTIES LEVIED TN MEXICO.
The bill to provide for the settlement of the
accounts of officers who had received moneys for
duties levied in the ports of Mexico, was returned
from the Senate with an amendment.
Mr. McKAY moved the previous question on
concurrence in the amendment. There was a sec-
ond. The main question was ordered, and, under
its operation, the amendment was concurred in.
On motion of Mr. TURNER, the rules having
been bi'^pended for the purpose, a bill for the re-
lief of Daniel Wilson was taken up, read three
times, and paused.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, from the
Committee on Claims, reported several Senate
bills, the titles of which could not be obtained.
They were committed to the Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. ROCKWELL, from the same committee,
to whom was referred Senate bill for the relief of
Thomas W. Chinn and others, reported the same
back with an amendment.
The amendment was read and agreed to, and
under the operation of the previous question,
moved by Mr. ROCKWELL, the bill was passed
and returned to the Senate.
On motion of Mr. ROCKWELL, the bill for
the relief of Sayles J. Bowen was taken from the
private calendar, and under the operation of the
previous question, moved by Mr. R., was read
three times and passed.
Mr DARLING called up the motion made by
him some days since, to reconsider the vote by
which was laid on the table the bill to <*iant to the
State of Wisconsin the military reservation at Fort
Winnebago.
Pending the consideration of which, the hour
fixed for a recess arrived, and the House accord-
ingly took a recess.
EVENING SESSION".
At six o'clock the House resumed its session.
On motion of Mr. TURNER, the 16th joint rule
was so far suspended as to permit bills passed
during the morning session to be sent to the Sen-
ate.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Speaker and Clerk, giving
the names of the persons who received the con-
tracts for the execution of the public printing, and
stating that bonds had been entered into for the
performance of the work.
Mr. MARSH, from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, made a report in the case of P. S. Farn-
ham & Co., in relation to the seizure of the barque
" Jones," at St. Helena, by LieutenantLittlehales,
of the British navy; which report was committed
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union and ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Committee of
the Whole was discharged from the bill for the
relief of James Norris.
The bill was then ordered to he engrossed; and
being engrossed, was read a third time and passed.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the 16th joint rule ,
was suspended, so as to permit said bill to be sent
to the Senate.
Mr. NICOLL, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, to whom was referred a communica-
tion from the Secretary of the Treasury transmit-
ting a correspondence between the Secretary and
the-Collector of New York, in relation to the pur-
chase of certain stocks of the United States, made
a report; which was laid on the table and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. LEVIN, from the CommitteeonEngraving,
reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Cleik of the House he authorized to
contract for any engravings ttiat may be required timing the
interval between tins and the next Congress of the United
States.
Mr. CONGER moved to amend 'the resolution,
by inserting, after the word " House," the words
"and Secretary of the Senate;" which was agreed
to.
The resolution as amended was then agreed to.
On motion of Mr. HUNT, the Committee on
Commerce were discharged from sundry resolu-
tions, petitions, and memorials; and they were
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HUNT, from the Committee on Commerce,
made a report on the resolution of the House re-
specting the regulations of the Treasury" Depart-
ment for the storage of imported goods; which was.
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
The House resumed the consideration of the
motion (pending when the House took a recess)
made by Mr. Darltng, to reconsider the vote by
which was laid upon the table the bill to grant to
the State of Wisconsin the military reservation at
Fort Winnebago; when,
On motion of Mr. BOTTS, the said motion to
rcconsidcr was laid upon the table.
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, moved that the vote
be reconsidered by which the bill from the Senate
to authorize a patent to be issued to William Green,
Jr., or other citizens of the United States, was laid
upon the table.
On motion of Mr. BOWLIN, the said motion
to reconsider was laid upon the table.
The bill from the Senate to apply certain alter-
nate sections, of the public domain towards the
completion of the Clinton and Kalamazoo canal,
in-the State of Michigan, was taken up, read the
third time and parsed, and returned to the Senate.
Mr. GREELEY offered the following resolu-
tion, which was read twice:
JOINT RESOLUTION
Concerning the future appellation or name of our Federal
. Union.
Whereas our common country is known among the na-
tions of the eaith only as "the United States of America,*'
a designation at once inconvenient)} cumbrous and pnipably
indefinite, since the term '* United States"'is common lo
other political Confederations, even on this continent, and
is very hkei.v to be adopted by or applied to others in the
couise of not many years:
And whereas that transcendent genius and true hero, by
vvho-e hle-Jori? de\ otion and dai ing this continent nn> added
to the doirictin ot civilization and ChrKtiamiy, wa-* treated
m Ins earlier life with neglect and contumely as a viMonary
and a charlatan, in his later yeaiswith moristious inurati-
tuiJo and wiong a^ a u^uiper and tyiant, while, fry an amaz-
ing fatality, mankind have -^inee ron^pin d to perpetuate the
injustice of hi - age by bestowing on the continent <o discov-
ered by Columbus tne name of a mure follower m Ins foot-
steps, without a shadow of just pretence to the discovery of
the New World : Therefore,
Resolved, That thi-> Union of States will hereafter be
known and offlcialh designated by Hie name or app< nation
Columbi m grateful ackipvledgment ol our obligation:- to,
and in tardy atonement for the injustice hitherto stiQeied
by, the great discoverer of tins continent.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL. *
Mr. HUDSON, from the Committee of Confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the naval appropriation bill, made the following
report:
The Committee of Conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the bill making
appropriations for the naval service for the year
ending the 3Uth June, 1350, have met, and after a
, full and free conference, have agreed to recommend
to the respective Houses, as follows:
That the Senate recede from their first, twelfth,
and thirteenth amendments, and that they recede
from their disagreement to the amendments pro-
posed by the House to the fourteenth amendment
of the Senate, with a further amendment, to wit:
Strike out the word 44 directed" in the said amend-
ment,, and insert the word "authorized."
And that the House recede from their disagree-
ment to the second, third, ninth, and tenth amend-
ments of the Senate.
