.1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m§
Mr. HUDSON moved the previous question.
' Some inquiries and explanations took place bc-
-tween Messrs. BAYLY, HUDSON, ASHMUN,
and McKAY, in relation to* the meeting of the
committee arid the members who composed it.
The question was propounded upon agreeing to
the report of thft Committee of Conference.
Mr. McKAY asked the yeas and nays upon that
Ijuestion, which were ordered, and being taken,
we're—yeas ] 22, nays 65.
So the report of the committee was concurred in.
THANKS TO THE SPEAKER.
The Chair being now occupied by Mr. Cobb, of
Georgia—
Mr. McDOWELL submitted the following res-
olution:
Resjlval, That the thanks of tins Houap lire due and are
hereby presented to the Hon. Robfrt C. Wintrhop, for the
able, intpattuU, and iti^iufied manner in winch lie lias dis-
eliai^ed the duties of Speaker during the pie^ent Congress.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, moved to amend
the resolution by striking out the word " impar-
tial."
Mr. J. proceeded to address the House at length
-in favor of the amendment. He assailed the ad-
ministration of the Speaker, especially with refer-
ence to the organization of the Committees of the !
House, and to his habitual awards of the floor.
Some interruptions and conversation took place
on points of order on the part of Messrs." HOUS-
TON of Delaware, HASKELL, GIDDIJNGS,
ASHMUN, and the CHAIR.
Mr. STEPHENS moved the previous question
on the adoption of the resolution; which was sec-"
onded, and the main question was ordered (being
first on the amendment.)
The yeas and nays were asked for in various
quarters and ordered, and being taken were—yeas
15, nays 161.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question recurring on the adoption of the
resolution—
The yeas and nays were asked and refused, and
the question being taken, was decided in the affirm-
ative,.
So the resolution was adopted.
ARMY BILL.
Mr. STEPHENS, on behalf of the conferees on
the part of the House, on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill making appropriations
for the support of the army, ifcc., made the follow-
ing report:
"The Committee of Conference, to whom was
referred House btll No. 695, report, that it is pro-
posed that the Senate recede from the first amend-
ment, or to strike out the word "three" m 27th
line, 4th page.
Second amendment, it is agreed to strike out
" Jenks Carbine," in line 27, 4ih page; and strike
out the word " one hundred," and insert " fifty."
Fifth amendment. Senate recede.
Eighth amendment of the Senate. The House
recede, and concur in the Senate's amendment.
Ninth amendment. House recede, and concur
in the Senate's amendment.
Tenth amendment. The House recede.
Eleventh amendment. House recede, and con-
cur in the Senate's amendment. ,
The report was read and agreed to. '
Mr. HAMPTON, of New Jeisey, from the i
Committee on Enrolled Bills, made a report. j
' On motion of Mr. JAMESON, the rules were ;
suspended,and the Committee of the Whole House ;
was discharged from the bill from the Senate for j
■the relief of Thomas Talbot and otheis. ■
The said bill was then, under the operation of the |
previous question moved by Mr. Jameson, read j
the third time and passed, and returned to the [
Senate. 1
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. VINTON, from the Committee of Confer- ■
ence appointed on the part of the House to meet (
a similar committee on the part of the Senate on i
the subject of the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill making appropriations for the
civil and diplomatic expenses of the Government,
said, that the committee had had the same under
consideration, and had been unable to come to
any agreement. He asked, therefore, that the
committee on the part of the House might bo dis-
charged.
[Cries: A new committee—a new committee.]
Mr., ASHMUN said, that before he made the
motion which ho intended to make, he would ask
the Speaker what the precise condition of the bill
was, so that members might know the effect of the
votes they were about to give.
Unless otherwise advised by the answer of the
Chair, it was his (Mr. A.'s) intention to move
that the House insist on their disagreement to the
amendments of the Senate. He wished to ask the
Speaker, in the first place, if the House did not
insist, would it not be in order to move that the
House agree with an amendment to the amend-
ments of the Senate?
The SPEAKER said that if the House refused
to insist on its disagreement, they might recede.
If they receded, the amendment would then be
open to amendment, precis_ely as it was before the
original disagreement'. The question would then
be restored to the precise condition in which it was
before the House disagreed to the Senate's amend-
ments.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL. And there may be
another committee?
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir.
Mr. ASHMUN. And the House may resort to
another and further proceeding? It may adhere?
The SPEAKER. Yes.
Mr. ASHMUN. To test the senseof the House,
I move that the House insist on its disagreement
to the amendments of the Senate.
Mr. McCLEP^NAND inquired whether a mo-
tion to recede had precedence over a motion to
insist ?
The SPEAKER answered in the affirmative.
Mr. McCLERNAND moved that the. House
reccde from its disagreement to the amendment of
the Senate; and he demanded the previous question,
and the yeas and nays on his motion.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved to lay the motion
on the table: and as preliminary, moved a call of
the House, and the yeas and nays.
Some conversation followed between Mr. BAY-
LY and the SPEAKER on a point of order.
The question was on Mr. Wentwortii's motion
for a call of the House; and, first, on ordering the
yeas and nays thereon.
Mr. GENTRY suggested the probability, that
if the time of the House was consumed in motions
for calls of the House, yeas and nays, etc., the bill
would be lost.
The House refused the yeas and nays on a call
of the House.
And the motion for a call of the House was re-
jected.
TheSPEAKERthen decided Mr. Wentworth's
motion to lay on the table, to be out of order.
Some conversation followed between Messrs.
WENTWORTH, PETTIT, COLLINS, C. J.
INGERSOLL, STARKWEATHER, and the
SPEAKER.
'The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered, (being upon the mo-
tion'to recede.)
Mr. PETTIT asked the yeas and nays; which
were ordered, and, being taken, were: Yeas 110,
nays 107, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adam«, Atkinson, Barringer, Barrow,
Biljiy, JB-alc, Bwlsnll, Bi'COClt, Bolts, Bowdon, Bnuiin,
Boyd, Bojden, Brady, Budges, Hrndiiedd, Clnilcs B'own,
Albert G. Brown, Bnckner, Bull, Butlci, Cabell, Chapman,
Clapp, Franklin Clark, Buveilj Clarke, ciinsman, How-
ell (lobli, Williamson K. W. Cobb,-Cocke,Cri-lield, Cru/aer,
Daniel, Dnnnell, Oainett Duncan, Alevalifler Evans, Feath-
erston, Fieklm, Flournoy. French, Fulton, Gaines, Gajle,
Centrv, Goi'^in, Gieene. Willard P. Hall, Ihimpton,
Harali-on, tUrmmi.-nn, Ha. n-, Haskell, Hill, Ilillinid. !i-aac
E Holmes, Gsorce S. Houston, John W. Houston, Inge,
Charles J In^ersell, Joseph It. Iiigei&oll, liuu, Iverson,
Andreu Jonnson, IUibeiL VV. Johnson, Geoige VV. Jones.
John W. Jones, Kaufman, Keniion, Thomas Bntler Kuisr,
La Sere, Levin, Ligon, Lumpkin. MeClernand, McDowell,
MoKav, McLane, 'McUueen. Meade, Morehead, Morse,
Murpliy, Outlaw, Pendleton, Peuon, Phelps, PiNhuij, Pol-
look, Piosion, liliett, Richardson, Roman, Savwer, fiiiep
peril. Simpson, Stanton, Stephens, Andrew Stewait,
Th   
  ^ Thi-
houaux. Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Richard U . Thomp-on,
Jno. B.Thompson,Roiit A.Thompson,Tompkins,Toombs,
Venable, Wiley, Williams, and YVoodwaid—lit).
NAYS—Messis. Abbott, Ashmun, Beleliei, Bmallim,
Blackmar, Cailby, Cathc.lrl, Collamcr, Collin-., Con;ei,
Cr.iris-.toti, Crowd!, Cmnmin-
Collin^.
'Darling. L'iekev, Dixon. Duel,
Dunn, Eckcrf, Ed-all, Edwaids, Emoree, Aat.ian Evans,
Faran, Fau.-Ilv, Fi-hei, Frtedlev, Fiie?, Gnhiu--., Gott,
Greeley, GreCoiv, Gnnnell, Hale, Nathan X lla.i, Hain-
mons, Jams s G. Hampton, Hrnlev, Hem y, Alias B. Holme?,
Huhlmtd. Hudson. Hunt. Jenkins* Jame% H. Johnson, kei-
log2, Daniel P. King. Laimi, William T. Laurence, rsdnoy
Law«<-.nce, Liiicol.i, Lord, L\nd'>, M:-C!eli:uid,_ iJrhniine,
Tloiac" Mann, \tar-?h. Man m, Msller, Morsis Mmitn, a'oi-
M>n, Newell, tfieull. Palhev, P^Iee. reck, Pein«. Pemt,
Putnam, Reynold.-,Riehey, Robm*on,Ro<>khill,Juhus Rock-
well, John A. Rockwell, Rose, Root, Rumsey, ct. John,
Schenek, Sherrill, Silvester, Shngerland, $mart, Caleb B,
Smith, Robert Smith, Truman Smfth, Starkweather; Chak
E. Stuart, Strohm, Strong^ TaUnjndye, Tnylor, Jas. Thomp-
son, William Thompson, Tfturi-ton, Tuck, Turner, Van.
Dyke, Vinton, Warren, Wenuvorih, White, Wick, Wilmot,
and Wilson—107.
So the House voted to recede.
There were many competitors for the floor. It
was awarded to
Mr. MOREHEAD, who said that it was appa-
rent to the House that it was indispensably neces-
sary that they should do something in relation to
this particular subject,, that was contested by the
different sections of the country. He had been the
most of this day engag-ed upon the Committee of
Conference between the two Rouses, and he had
endeavored faithfully and honestly to hit upon
some common ground on which they could adjust
this question. Ke thought he had attained that
object. He desired to offer an amendment striking
oucthat part of the Senate's amendmentin relation
to " west of the Rio Grande," and to insert a pro-
viso, which he understood would be satisfactory
to those most deeply and vitally interested—at
least a portion of them—to the effect that nothing
in this act should affect in any way the question of
the boundavy of the State of Texas.
He moved this amendment, and asked the pre-
vious question.
The amendment was sent up to the Chair, and
! read as follows:
Stnke out :iwect of the Rio Grande," and add-
Provided, Thai nothing ni tin- act shall allot t in any way
the question of the boundary of the State oi Texas.
Mr. ASHMUN. I wish to ask, if the previous
question be not sustained, whether it will not still
be in older further to amend, as amendment to the
amendment?
The SPEAKER. Not at the same time that,
this amendment is pending. «
Mr. ASHMUN. On the question of ordering
the main question, I ask the yeas and nays.
After some conversation upon points of order—
The question was taken by tellers, (Messrs.
Wfattworth and Morehead,) and decided in the
affirmative—ayes 106, noes 101.
So there was a second to the previous question.
On the question of ordering the main question
Mr. PETTIT asked the yetys and nays, which
were ordered.
Some conversation followed on points of order,
whi<-h Ic-d to no action.
Mr. ASHMUN moved to lay the amendment
on the table.
The SPEAKER said that the motion, if it pre-
vailed, would take the bill with it.
M£. ASHMUN withdrew the motion, remark-
ing that it was a little too early to make it.
And the question Shalfthe main question be
now taken?*' was put and decided in the affirma-
tive—yeas 110, nays 101—as follows:
irEA«—Messrs. Adams, Atkinson, Bariinger, Banow,
Bavly, Beaie, Uirdsall, Bocoek, Bolts, Bowdon, Buvviin,
Boyd, Borden, Urady, Budges, Brodhead, Charles Brown,
Albert G. Biown, Buckner, Burt, Butler, Ouhcii, Oanby,
Chapman, Clapp, Franklin Claik, Beveilj L. Claike, C'irig-
man, Ilowell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cocke, Cris-
fi(.ld, Cioxier, Daniel, Donnell, Garnett Ihmcaii, Alexander
Evan-:, Featiicry-ton, Fickhn, Flousnov, Fiench, Fulton,
Gaines. Gayle, Gentry, Gou'gm, Green, Wiilaid-P. Hall,
Mo^e^ Hnmpton, HaraKon,' Oarmanj-ofj. Ham?, Haskell,
Hill, Hill..lid, Umc E. liolint Georue S. Houston, John
W Houston, fnsje, Charles J. ingc'^il, Joseph R. Ingersoll,
frvm, Tverson, Andrew Johnson, Robert W. Johnson. G. W.
Jone-5, John W.Jones, Kvifman. Kenr.on, Thomas Butler
Kin:?, La S6ic, Levin, X^iiion, Lumpkin, McDowell. Me-
Kav* McL me, KcQut'f"!, Meade, Miller. Moienead. Morse,
Outlaw. Pendb ion, Peyton, Phelj^, PiHbmy, Prteton,
Raeti, Rk hard-on, Richev, Roman, Pawur, Sheppord,
Simpson, St.uiton, Yndtew SlewaU. Tmbodatix, Thomas,
Ja^ub Thonipso.i. Richard XV. Thompson, John K. Thomp-
son, Ruben A. Thompson, ri\>nipkin.-, Toomb^. Van Djlce,
Vf-nablf, VVney, \Vi!lian:<, and Woodward—110.
NAVsj-Mc-'jfr. Abbott, Ashmun, Belcher, Hingham,
: Blaekinat, C.ithcart, Collamer, Collin^, Conger, Oanston,
Crovvell, Cummins, Daihns. Dickey, D^xon, Duor, Dunn,
Eckert EJ*all, Edwards, Em'oiee, TCathair E\ans, Faran,
! Pi-he!. Frredlev. Flies, Guiding-. Gott, Gieele}, Gresroiy,
Gunnel). iia!<:,'Nalhan K. Hall, James G. Hampron, Ilen-
■ lej Ilen'ry. Elms B. Holmes, Hubbaid, Jiud-on, Hunt, Jen-
kuH. James li. Johnson, Keilojrs. Daniel P. K.ng, Lahm,
' Wilham T. Lavvienee, Sidney Lawrence, Lincoln, Lord,
i L\nde, McClelland, Meilv.-ifne, Job ?Iann5 Horace Mann,
' Marvin, Moms Mulbn, Murpby, Kej-on, Jewell, Nicoll,
' Pallrev. Pea^Jee, Peck, PeJue, Point. Pollock, Putnam,
Re\no'ld«, Robm^on, Rockbiil. Juhu:' 'v'x'kwcll. John A.
Rockwcii Ro^e, Root, Rummer, Pt Joi;n, Hcisenck.  Shernil,
! Silvester Smart. Caleb B. ^nurh. R<-lu-jt Smth. Truman
, Sn"!bV Starkweather, Chailes E. Stmrr. 5nQ)>ni. Stiong,
' 'IVilmndsc, Taylor. James Tbomp-'^n, Wih'.nn '.'boinij&on,
| '1'hnrston, Tuck, Turner, Vv'a.ien, Weutvvotth, White,
| Wick, Wilmot, and YVi)>o —101.
j So the mam queslloo was ordered.
i The SPEAKER slated that the question was
