1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
697
Mr. STUART, of Michigan, moved a suspen-
sion of the rules, to enable him to offer a resolu-
tion, providing for extra compensation to the
clerks, &c.
The rules were not suspended.
The amendment of the Senate to the'bill for the
relief of James Norris was read and concurred in,
and the Senatd notified thereof.
The amendment of the Senate to the bill to make
arrangements for taking the 7th census was read
and concurred in, and the Senate acquainted there-
with. &
The bill from the Senate for the relief of Alex-
ander Montgomery, captain and assistant quarter-
master of the army, was read three times and
passed, and returned to the Senate.
Mr. GAYLE moved a reconsideration of the
vote on the passage of the last bill, and that the
motion to reconsider be laid the table.
Ordered accordingly.
The amendment of the Senate to the bill for the
relief of Charles Benns was read and concurred in,
and the Senate notified thereof.
Mr. SCHENCK. moved a suspension of the
rules, for the purpose of taking up the Senate bill
for the relief of the captors oi the Frigate Philadel-
phia: disagreed to, two-thirds not voting in favor
thereof.
Mr. MORSE moved to take up the Senate bill
for the better organization of the District Court of
the United States within the State of Louisiana;
which motion was agreed to.
The House proceeded to consider said bill; the
amendment reported thereto by the Committee on
the Judiciary was read, as'follows:
Add the following as an additional section:
Sec. 3. That so much of this act as authorizes the ap-
pointment of a judge ami oilier officers by the President, liy
and with the advice and consent of the Senate, shall take
effect and he in full toice, on and after the 15th day of March, j
1849, and the residue of this ae* shall not take effect, nor :
shall such officers enter upon the discharge of their duties,
or he entitled to any salaty or compensation until the first
day of June thereafter.
The question wa3 put, and the amendment was
rejected.
The bill was then read a third time and passed,
and returned to the Senate.
Mr. TALL MADGE (the rules being suspended
for the purpose) offered a resolution' to pay the
chaplain the usual extra allowance granted at the
close of a session. And, also, to pay Mrs. Gold,
widow of the late Daniel Gold, late a clerk in the
office of the House of Representatives, the same
amount that Mr. Gold would have received as
salary, had he survived to the end of the session.
Mr. BRODHEAD moved to amend the resolu-
tion, so as ta allow to Mrs. Hornbeck, widow of
the late Hon. J. W. Hornbeck, $200, for expenses
of funeral, &c.; which amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PUTNAM moved further to amend the
resolution, so as to grant to the officers, clerks,
messengers, and pages, the usual amount allowed
at the end of the session for extra labor performed
during the session, &c.; which was agreed to.
Mr. TALLMADGE^moved the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved that the res- !
olution be laid upon the table; which question was
rejected by yeas and nays—yeas 36, nays 107.
The previous question was then seconded; and
under the operation thereof, the resolution, as
appended, svas agreed to.
Mr. WHITE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the said'resolution was agreed to; and also
moved to lay said motion to reconsider on the table.
Ordered accordingly.
Mr. THOMPSON, from the Committee on Print-
ing:, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That ten thousand extia copies of the majority
"and minority reports from the Committee of W ays and
Mums, in relation to duties on imports, be printed for the
use of the House.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, moved that the resolu-
tion be laid upon the table; -which motion was not
agreed to.
The resolution was then, under the operation
of the previous question moved by Mr. Conger,
. agreed to.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, (the rules
being suspended for the purpose,) offered a resolu-
tion to pay to the laborers in the Capitol grounds,
lamp-lighter, and gate-keeper, the usual allowance
granted at the close of a session.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved to amend the res-
olution so as to include the police of the Capitol,
the folders in the folding room of the House oi Rep-
resentatives,<fec.; which amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was then agreed to.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved a reconsideration
of the vote by which the resolution was passed,
and moved to lay that motion on the table.
Ordered accordingly.
Mr. THOMPSON,of Kentucky, from the Com-
mittee on Printing, reported a joint resolution au-
thorizing payment to William Hiukey for services
rendered in examining and computing the propo-
sals for doing the printing of Congress.
Mr. CONGER moved to lay the said resolution
on the table ; which was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN, of Pennsylvania, moved a sus-
pension of the rules, to enable him to offer the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House pay to Charles
J. InglrsOll the u*ual pay and mileage ot a member lor
the tune he was contesting the seat of Charles Nayl'ok
in the twenty-fifth Congress.
The question was put on suspending the rules,
and rejected—two-thirds voting against it.
On motion of Mr. EDWARDS, the bill to pre-
vent the patenting of medicines was taken up; and
the question being on the third reading thereof—
Mr. EDWARDS moved the previous question;
which was not seconded.
After some debate by Mr. EDWARDS and
Mr. HALL, of Missouri,
Mr. EDWARDS again moved the previous ques-
tion; which the House again refused to second.
Mr. DUER moved that the hill be laid on the
table; which motion was agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM moved a call of the House:
rejected.
Mr. FULTON offered the following resolution,
which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War report to the next
Congress the names and residence of all the invalid pen-
sioners of the Ufhtfcd States; the tune when theii pensions
commenced; the amount of pension reci ived by each, dis-
tinguishing each according to grade, with a ieferenc« to the
seveial acts of Congress under which said pensions are al-
lowed.
On motion of Mr. KAUFMAN,
Leave was granted to withdraw the papers in
the case of John H. Thompson.
Mr. PETT1T offered the following resolution,
which was agreed to: |
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in- !
structed to inqunc whether any amendment to the law of
la^t session allowing three months extra pay to the officers
and soldiers engaged in the late war with Mexico, is neces-
sary to enable said offices and soldiers to receive the full
and intended benefit oi haul provision. *
Mr. HARALSON introduced the following joint
resolution:
Resolved hy the Senate and House of Reprcsentatu es oj the
United States of America, That the fifth set Hon of the net
approved July *19,18be so construed as to authorize ihe
payment of three montiis' extra pay for each term ol service
performed by each officer, non-commissioned officer, mu-
sician, and private, in the war with Mexico, if otherwise
entitled to the same, according to the provisions of said
section.
The resolution was read twice; and the question
being on its third reading—
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, moved the pre-
vious question.
Mr. RUMSEY moved that the resolution be laid
on the table. Agreed to.
On motion of Mr. STANTON, leave was grant-
ed to withdraw fiom the files of the House the
papers of James M. Lewis.
Mr. GENTRY moved a call of the House. Re-
jected.
Mr. WHITE moved that the bill for the relief
of George R. Ward, of the city of New York, be
taken up. The motion was not agreed to.
On motion of Mr. JENKINS,
Resolved, That the papers of Pbebe Hall, for a pennon, be
taken from the files of the Home. Also, that the papeis of
Oliver C. Harris lor a renewal ofapatent, be likewise with-
drawn fiom the files.
On motion of Mr. JENKINS, the Committee of
the Whole House on the state of the Union was
discharged from the bill for the relief of Oliver C.
Harris, and it was laid upon the table.
On motion of Mr. MARVIN,
Resolved. That Walter Sessions have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers from the riles of the House.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, moved a suspen-
sion of the rules, to enable him to offer the follow-
ing resolution;
Resolved, That there be paid out of the contingent fund of
the House, as compensation to William R. NichoUs, lor con-
veying the remains of James A. Black, deceased, fate a
nninber of ihi- House, from the Congre>Mo :tl buri;tl- round
to Columbia, South Carolina, two hundred and fifty dollars.
The question was put on suspending the rules,
and it was rejected.
Mr. FULTON moved that the Committee of
the Whole House be discharged from the bill for
the relief of Georgp G. Bishop, and the legal rep-
resentatives of John Arnold, deceased; which mo-
lion was agreed to.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved, at
half past two o'clock, that the House adjourn.
And the question being taken by yeas and nays,
it was lejected—yeas 20, nays 143.
Mr. PENDLETON moved a suspension of the
rules, to enable him to offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House bp, and he is
hereby, directed to pay to John Lee, the o. tlerot the House,
the same compensation that wa> allowed and paid to the
other attendants and laborers of the Huuse, during the pres-
tut and last Congress.
The question on suspending the rules was put
and rejected—two-thirds voting against it.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union; which motion was rejected.
Mr. PHELPS moted that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House proceed to consider
the joint resolution of the Senate to authoitze and
require a renewal of a contract for cairymg the
mail; which motion was not agreed to.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved to discharge the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state of the '
Union from the bill to establish the teiritorial gov-
ernment of New Mexico; which motion was not
agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, made an adverse report on the
claim of March Fariington; which was laid on the
table and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PUTNAM piesented joint resolutions of
the Legislature of the State of New York, in rela-
tion to the erection of a monument to General
Nicholas Herkimer; which were laid on the table
and ordered to be primed.
Mr. TAYLOR moved a suspension of the rules
to enable him to offer a resolution, (a copy of
which the reporter could not obtain;) the motion
was not agreed to.
Mr. NEWELL, by leave, offered a resolution
authorizing the Clerk of the House to employ C.
V. Grey to compile an index to the Executive
documents of the House of Representatives, from
the 23th Congress to the 30th Congress, inclusive,
in compliance with a former tresolution of the
House. _ }
The resolution was rejected.
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, it was
Ordered, That a message he sent to the Senate informing
that body that the House, having completed the business
belort, it, was ready to adjourn.
Mr. MORSE moved a suspension of the rules,
to enable him to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the COmmi^ioner ol I'uhhe Buildings be
directed to submit to the next Congress some approved
plan, either hy changing the foi m of the present Hall of the
: Hou- e ol Repip^untnuvea, or hy ihe erection ol &onse other
I hall in the Capitol which shall be better adapted to the pur-
poses of legislation.
The question on suspending the rules was put
and rejected, two-thirds voting against it.
Mr. HENLEY moved to suspend the rules, for
: the purpose of enabling him to offer the usual
! resolution to appoint a committee to wait upon the
! President and inform him that Congress, having
1 completed its businesses ready to adjourn.v
i The motion to suspend the rules was not agreed
1 to, two-thirds voting against it.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, moved a suspen-
• sion of the rules, to enable him to-offer the follow*
! ing resolution:
[ Resolved, Thai ten thousand extra copies of the majority
, and imnonty reports upon the subject of military eomiibu-
' tiuns enfoiced in Mexico be printed.
] The question on suspending the rules was put
; and rejected, two-thirds voting against it.
On motion of Mr, CABELL, it was
I Resolved, That the attorney m the following private claims
j1 have leave to wilhd aw ail the papjrs connected therewith,
!| from the files of the House: Captain William Black, vol-
unteer company's papers John Lott Philip.-*, volunteer
company's papers; John G. Smith; John R. Gam:>ie; Lieu-
tenant Colonel Holt Kithei-oii's heirs; J. (JaiMsou; P.
Morino; Micah Whmnar?h5s heirs; John Gngg's heirs;
Samuel Richard's heirs.; George Graham's* heir*; Ebenezer
Jaekson's heirs; John Wiimtk'j heirs; John Slaughter's
Ueirs; Henry Pauline's heirs; Andrew Dover's heirs.
