m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Mr. KAUFMAN (at seven o'clock on Sunday-
morning) moved that the House adjourn sine die;
which motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER then rose, and addressed the
House as follows:
Gentlemen of the House of Representatives:
The hour has arrived which terminates our re*
lations to the country, and oar relations to each
other, as members of the Thirtieth Congress; and
you have already.pronounced the word which puts
an end at once to my vocation and to your own.
Mr, J. R. INGERSOLL rao^ed to suspend the
rules, to enable him to offer the following resolu-
tion:
ResolvedThat the,Clerk be direc ted to purchase for the
use of the members of this House 250 copies of the work on
thf United Slates Fiscal Department, prepared by Robert
Mayo, in the qnarto volumes, provided the price does not
exceed live dollars a copy.
The. motiorr to suspend the rules was not agreed
to; two-thirds voting against it.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved that
the Committee of the Whole House be discharged
fromthe joint resolution of the Senate for the relief
bf Major R. L. Baker of the ordnance corps, and
that it be put upon its passage.
The motion was-rejected.
Mr. LEVIN moved to reconsider the vote by
•which the bill establishing a government over the
Territory of Minesota had passed.
Mr. L. said that he wished'to show the uncon-
stitutionality of the bill, as in his opinion it was a
virtual repeal of the naturalization laws of the Uni-
ted States; but as the hour was late, he would not
make a speech on the subject; he intended, how-
ever to write out, and publish his views on the
subject.
Mr. McILVAINE, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, made an adverse report on the peti-
tion of the representatives of Colonel John Cro'well;
which was laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WENTWORTH called up the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the Senate bill to
grant to the State of Illinois a right of way through
the public lands of the United States, and for other
purposes.
The question being on the passage of the bill— i
A question of order was raised, and overruled
by the Chair. ^
Mr. HENLEY appealed from the decision of
the Chair.
The question was stated on the appeal, and be-
ing put, the decision of the Chair was sustained;
the vote being taken by yeas and nays, which re-
sulted: Yeas 129, nays 7.
After some remarks by Mr.WENTWORTH—
Mr. HENLEY moved that the bill be laid upon
the table; which was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. ROCKWELL, of Conn., ,
Resolved, That a committee be appointed on the part of
the tfon^e, to join such committee as may he appointf d on
the part of the Senate, to wait on the Proident of the Uni-
ted States, and notity liim that Congress, having completed
the business before it, is ready to adjourn.
Messrs. Rockwell, Cobb of Georgia, and Le-
vin, were appoinled said committee.
Mr. NEWELL moved a suspension of the
rules, to enable him to offer a resolution to autho-
rize ihe Clerk of the House to employ C. Upton,
the keeper of the document room, to compile an
index to the executive documents of the House, to
commence with the twenty-fifth Congress, and
continue to the thirtieth Congress, inclusive, under
a resolution of the House heretofore passed.
The motion to suspend the rules did not prevail,
two-rhirds voting against it.
Mr. HAMPTON, of New Jersey, from the
Committee on Enrolled bills, reported that the
committee had presented the bill making appropri-
ations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of
Government to the President for his approval.
A message was received from the President, by
J. Knox Walkbr, Esq., bis Private Secretary,
notifying the House that he 'had approved and
signed the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill,
and the bill extending the revenue laws of the
United States over Upper California.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, from the
Joint Commitiee appointed to wait upon the Pres-
ident, reported that the commitiee had performed
that duty, and that the President had stated that
he had no further communication to make to Con-
But neither the usage of the occasion, nor my
own feelings, will allow me to leave the Chair,
without a word of acknowledgment, and a word
of farewell, to those with whom I have been so
long associated, and by whom I have been so
highly honored.
Certainly, gentlemen, I should subject myself to
a charge of great-ingratitude, were I'not to thank
you for the resolution in reference to my official
services, which you have placed upon the records
within a few hours past.
Such a resolution, I need not say, is the most
precious testimonial which any presiding officer
can receive, and affords the richest remuneration
for any labors which it may have cost.
It did not require, however, this formal tribute
at your hands, to furnish me with an occasion of
grateful acknowledgment to you all. I am deeply
sensible, that no intentions however honest, and
no efforts however earnest, could have carried me
safely and successfully through with the duties
which have been imposed upon me, had I not been
seconded and sustained, from first to last, by your
kind cooperation and friendly forbearance.
I beg you, then, to receive my most hearty
thanks, not merely for so generous an appreciation
of my services, but for the uniform courtesy and
confidence which you have manifested towards me
during my whole official term, and by which you
have done so much to lighten the labors and relieve
the responsibilities which are inseparable from the
Chair of this House.
I can honestly say, gentlemen, that I have en-
deavored, to the best of my ability, to fulfill the
pledges with which I entered upon this arduous
station, and to discharge its complicated and diffi-
cult duties without partiality and without prejudice.
Nor am I conscious of having given just cause of
imputation or offence to any member of the House.
If there be one, however, towards whom I have
seemed, at any moment, to exhibit anything of
injustice or anything of impatience, I freely offer
him the only reparation in my power, in this pub-
lic expression of my sincere regret.
We have been associated, gentlemen, during a
mostaeventful period in the history of our country
and of the world. It would be difficult to designate
another era in the modern annals of mankind,
which has been signalized by so rapid a succession
of startling political changes.
Let us rejoice that while the powers of the earth
have almost everywhere else been shaken, that
while more than one of the mightiest monarchies
and stateliest empires of Europe have tottered or
have fallen, our own American Republic has stood
firm.
Let us rejoice at the evidence which has thus
been furnished to the friends of liberty throughout
the world, of the inherent stability of institutions
which are founded on the rock of a written Con-
stitution, and which are sustained by the will of a
free and intelligent people.
And let us hope and trust—as I, for one, most
fervently and confidently do—that, by the blessing
of God upon prudent, conciliatory, and patriotic
counsels, every cause of domestic dissension and
fraternal discord may be speedily done away, and
that the States and the people, whose Representa-
tives we are, may be bound together forever in a
firm, cordial, and indissoluble union.
Offering once more to you all my most grateful
acknowledgments of your kindness, and my best
wishes for your individual health and happiness,
I proceed to the performance of the only duty
which remains lo me, by announcing,as I now do,
That the House of Representatives of the United
States stands adjourned, sine die.
LIST OF ACTS
PASSED A.TTHE 2D SESSION OK THE 30TH CONGRESS-
An act for the relief of Joshua Barney, United
States" agent.
An act for the relief of B. O. Payne, of Albany,
New York.
An act for the relief of the citizens of Cedar Bluff,
in the State of Alabama, and for other purposes.
An act to authorize the judge of the courts of
the United States of the fifth circuit to hold the
circuit court for the district of Kentucky.
-An act concerning the selection of jurors in cer-
tain courts of the United States.
An act declaring Fort Covington, in the State of
New York, to be a port of delivery, and for other
purposes.
An act to transfer the towns of Vinal Haven,
North Haven, and Isleboro' from the collection
d istrict of Penobscot to that of Belfast, in the State
of Maine.
An act for the relief of Joel Thacker.
An act to provide for the payment of horses and
other property lost or destroyed in the military
service of the United States.
An act for the relief of Mary G. Leverett.
An act for the relief of James Morehead.
An act for the relief Ma jor Charles Larrabee.
An act for the relief of Captain Alexander Mc-
Ewen.
An act for the relief of David Thomas of Phila-
delphia.
An act for the relief of John P. Skinner and the
legal representatives of Isaac Green.
An act for the relief of Doctor Adolphus Wis-
lizenus.
An act for the relief of William Gott.
An act to authorize the coinage of §20 and $1
gold pieces at the mint of the Untied States and its
branches.
An act for the settlement of the claims of New
Hampshire against the United States.
An act for the relief of Edward duinn.
An act for the relief of George Newton.
An act for the relief of Robert Ramsay.
An act for the relief of Elizabeth S. Cobbs.
An act for the relief of Daniel Robinson. -
• An act for the relief of Jesse Washington Jack-
son.
An act for the relief of Mrs. Anne W.-Angus.
An act for the relief of Elizabeth Mays.
An act for the relief of Nancy Tompkins.
An act for the relief of James Glynn and others.
An act for the relief of James H. Conley.
An act for the relief of Jesse Young.
An act for the relief of Stephen Champlin.
An act for the relief of William De Buys, late
postmaster at New Orleans.
An act for the relief of William Fuller and Or-
lando Saltmarsh.
An act for the relief of Esther Russell.
An act for the relief of Reuben Perry and Thom-
as P. Ligon.
An aci for the relief of the owners of the Spanish
brig Restaurador.
An act for the relief of Anthony Bcssee;
An act for the relief of G. F. de la Roche and
William P. S. Sanger.
An act for the relief of Zilpha White.
An act for the lelief of Hugh Riddle.
An act for the relief of Thomas Badger.
An act for the relief of Archibald Bell and L.S. •
Finch.
An act for the relief of Noah A. Phelps.
An act for the relief ot Charles Waldron.
_ An act for the relief of Colonel Robert Wallace,
aid-de-camp to General William Hull.
An act amendatory of the act entitled "An act"
amendatory of the act entitled ' An act to incorpo-
rate the Provident Association of. Clerks in the
Civil Departments of theGovernmentoftheUnited
States, in the District of Columbia,' " approved
March 3, 1825.
An act for the relief of James B. Davenport.
An act for the relief of ElishaThomason.
An act for the relief of James P. Sexton and
Joshua Holden.
An act to confirm Elizabet-h Burriss, her heirs,
or assigns, in their title to a tract of land.
An act for the relief of Simon Rodriguez.
An actfor the relief of Marcus Fulton Juhnson.
An act supplemental to the act approved the 6th
day of July, 1842, entitled "An act confirming
certain land claims in Louisiana."
An act for the relief of Joseph Bryan.
