APPENDIX
TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•30th Cong 2d Sess.
Message of the President.
New Series No. I.
Thi5 is the fn?t ivimhpi of the Appendix to the Cox-
orp-ssionai, Globe tor thu ?.(>:•-ion—the second of the
Thirtieth COHgre^. Wc will pnnt several thousand pur-
pluf copies for the pmpo^e of -.npplving tho«e who may
wuhin a n asomihle time—=.a> by the 10th of
January—with complete copies. The Appendix wiJJ con-
tiui the President^ the Reports of the Heads nf
the Executive Department* ; and uU the Speeches made m
both Houses of Congtes.5 winch the rnembeiss wute out or
ievi*c.
The Conorcssion^j, Gtobf is piinted in the same form
as the Appendix, and contains the speeches of* the mem.
hers, condensed; all -the resolutions offered; and the veas
and nays on ovety impoitent question. We will print, aho,
several thousand curphis copies of it, to supoU' those who
mav s-iibj-cnbe hereafter with complete copies. "
The following are oui prices foi them :
Foronecop\ ofthe Congri'-ssiostalGlobe $1 00
For on*> copy of the Appfndix   j oy
For six copies of either, or pait of both 5 00
t^r the 10th of January the price for the Congres-
sional CxI.obf and Appendix for tb;« ^sion rn)J ho .9! 50
each. The oi i-rina] pi iee of .■*] eaeh doos not pnv the expense
of the publication^, in consequence of the great increase of
mattei published. We must make oui profit out ot* those
who neglect to Mjl^eribe ear!}.
MESSAGE
OF THE
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES.
Fellow-citizens of the Senate
and of the House of Representatives :
Under the benignant Providence of Almighty
God, the representatives of the States and of tiie
people are again brought together to deliberate for
the public good. The gratitude of the nation to
the sovereign Arbiter of all human events, should
be commensurate with the boundless blessings
which we enjoy.
Peace, plenty, and contentment reign through-
out our borders, and our beloved country present3
a sublime moral spectacle to the world.
The troubled and unsettled condition of some
of the principal European Powers has had a neces-
sary tendency to check arid embanass trade, and
to depress prices throughout ail commercial na-
tions; but notwithstanding these causes, the Uni-
ted States, with their abundant products, have felt
their effects less severely than any other country,
and all our great interests are still prosperous and
successful.
In reviewing the great events of the past year,
and contrasting the agitated and disturbed state of
other countries with oar own tranquil and happy
condition, we may congratulate ourselves that we
are the most favored people on the face of the
earth. While tiie people of other countries are
struggling to establish free institutions, under which
man may govern himself, we are in the actual en-
joyment of them—a rish inheritance from our
fathers. While enlightened nations of Europe are
convulsed and distracted by civil war or intestine
strife, we settle all our political controversies by
the peaceful exercise of the rights of freemen at
the ballot-box. The great republican maxim so
deeply engraven on the hearts of our people, that
the will of the majouty, constitutionally expressed,
Khali prevail, is our sure safeguard against force
and violence. It is a subjcct of just pride, that
our fame and character as a nation continue rap-
idly to advance in the estimation of the civilized
world. To our wise and free institutions it is to be
attributed, that while other nations have achieved
glory at the price of the suffering, distress, and
impoverishment of their people, we have won our
honorable position in the midst of an uninterrupted
prosperity, and of an increasing individual com-
fort and happiness. I am happy to inform you
that our relations with all nations are friendly and
pacific. Advantageous treaties of commerce have
been concluded, within the last four years, with
New Granada, Peru, the Two Sicilies, Belgium,
Hanover, Oldenburg:, and Mccklenburg-Schwerin.
Pursuing our example, the restrictive system of
Great Britain, our principal foreign customer, has
been relaxed; a more liberal commercial policy
has been adopted by other enlightened nations,
and our trade has been greatly enlarged and ex-
tended. Our country stands higher in the respect
of the world than at any former period. To con-
tinue to occupy this proud position, it is only ne-
cessary to preserve peace, and faithfully adhere to
the great and fundamental principle of our foreign
policy of non-interference in the domestic concerns
of other nations. We recognize in all nations the
rights which we enjoy ourselves, to change and
reform their political institutions, according to their
own will and, pleasure. Hence we do not look
behind existmggovernments, capable of maintain-
ing their own authority. We recognize all such
actual governments, not only from the dictates of
true policy, but from a sacred regard for the inde-
pendence of nations.
While this is our settled policy, it does not fol-
low that we can ever be indifferent spectators of
the progress of liberal principles. The Govern-
ment and people of the United States hailed with
enthusiasm and delight the establishment of the
French Republic, as we now hail the efforts m
progress to unite the States of Germany in a con-
federation, similar in many respects to our own
Federal Union. If the great and enlightened Ger-
man States, occupying, as they do, a central and
commanding position in Europe, shall succeed in
establishing such a Confederated Government,
securing at the same time to the citizens of each
State, local governments adapted to the peculiar
condition of each, with unrestricted tradeand inter-
course with each other, it will bean important era
in the history of human events. Whilst it will
consolidate and strengthen the power of Germany,
it must essentially promote the cause of peace,
commerce, civilization, and constitutional liberty
throughout the world.
With all the governments on this continent our
relation*, it is believed, are now on a more friendly
and satisfactory footing than they have ever been
at any former period.
Since the exchange of ratifications of the treaty
of peace with Mexico, our intercourse with tiie
Government of that Republic has been of the most
friendly chaiacter. The Envoy Extraordinary and
Minister Plenipotentiary of the United States to
Mexico has been received and accredited; and a
diplomatic representative from Mexico of similar
rank has been received and accredited by this
Government. The amicable relations between the
two countries which had been suspended have
been happilv restored, and are destined, I trust, to
be long preserved. The two Republics, both situ-
ated on this continent, and with coterminous ter-
ritories, have every motive of sympathy and of
interest to bind them together in perpetual amity.
This gratifying condition of our foreign relations
renders it unnecessary forme to call your atten-
tion more specifically to them.
It has been my constant aim and desire to culti-
vate peace and commerce with all nations. Tran-
quillity at home, and peaceful relations abroad,
constitute the truepermanent policvof ourcountrv.
War, the scourge of nations, sometimes becomes
inevitable, but is always to be avoided when it can
be done consistently with the rights and honor of
the nation.
One of the most important results of the war
! into which we were recently forced with a neigh-
boring nation, is the demonstration it has afforded
of the military strength of our country. Before
the late war with Mexico, European and other
foreign Powers entertained imperfect and errone-
ous views of our physical strength as a nation,
and of our ability to prosecute war, and especially
a war waged out of our own country. They saw
that our standing army on the peace establishment
did not exceed ten thousand men. Accustomed
themselves to maintain m peace large standing
armies for the protection of thrones against their
own subjects, as well as against foreign enemies,
they had not conceived that it was possible for a
nation without such an army, well disciplined and
of long service, to wage war successfully. They
held in low repute our militia, and were far from
regarding them as an effective force, unless it
might be for temporary defensive operations when,
invaded on our own soil. The events of the late
war with Mexico have not only undeceived them,
but have removed erroneous impressions which
prevailed to some extent even among a portion of
our own countrymen. That war has demonstra-
ted, that upon the breaking out of hostilities not
anticipated, and for which no previous prepara-
tion had been made, a volunteer army of citizen-
soldiers equal to veteian troops, and in numbers
equal to any emergency, can in a short period be
brought into the field. Unlike what would have
occurred in any other country, we were under no
necessity of resorting to draughts or conscriptions.
On the contrary, such was the number of volun-
teers who patriotically tendered their services,
that the chief difficulty was in mpking selections,
and determining who should be disappointed and
compelled to remain at home. Our citizen-soldiers
are unlike those drawn from the population of any
other country. They are composed indiscrimi-
nately of all professions and pursuits: of farmers,
lawyers, physicians, merchants, manufacturers,
mechanics, and laborers; and this, not only among
the officers, but the private soldiers in the ranks.
Our citizen-soldiers are unlike those of any other
country in other respects. They are armed, and
have been accustomed, from their youth up, to
handle and use fire-arms; rnd a large proportion
of them, especially in the western and more new-
ly settled Stages, are expert marksmen. They are
men who have a reputation to maintnm at h«1me
bv their good conduct in the field. They are in-
telligent, and there is an individuality of character
which is found in the ranks of no other army. In
battle, each private man, as well as every officer,
fights not only for his country, but for glory and
distinction among his fellow-citizens when he shall
return to civil bfe.
• The war with Mexico has demonstrated not only
the ability of the Government to organize a nu-
meious army upon a sudden call, but also to pro-
vide it with all the munitions and necessary sup-
plies with despatch, convenience, and ease, and to
direct its operations with efficiency. The strength
of our institutions has not only been displayed in
the valor and skill of our troops engaged in active
service in the field, but in the organization of those
executive branches which were charged with the
general direction and conduct of the war. While
too great praise cannot be bestowed upon the
officers and men who fought our battles, it would
be unjust to withhold from'thosse officers necessarily
stationed at home, who were charged with the duty
of furnishing the army, in proper time, and at
proper places, with all the munitions of war and
other supplies so necessary to make it efficient, the
eommendation to which they are entitled. Tiie
