1848.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
30th Cons 2d Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
the reports in general circulation as to the quan-
tity of gold, the officer commanding our forces in
California visited the mineral district in July last,
for the purpose of obtaining accurate information
on the subject. His report to the War Depart-
ment of the result of his examination, and the
facts obtained on the spot, is herewith laid before
Congress. When he visited the country, there
were about four thousand persons engaged in col-
lecting gold. Theie is every reason to believe that
the number of persons so employed lias since been
augmented. The explorations already made war-
rant the belief that the supply is very large, and
that gold is found at various places in an extensive
district of country.
Information received from officers of the navy
and other sources, though not so full and minute,
confirm the accounts of the commander of our
" military force in California. It appears, also, from
these reports, that mines of quicksilver are found
in the vicinity of the gold region. One of them is
now being worked, and is believed to be amon°-
the most productive in the world.
The effects produced by the discovery of the^e
rich mineral deposites, and the success which has
attended the labors of those who have resorted to
them, have produced a surprising change in the
state of affairs in California. Labor commands a
most exorbitant price, and ail other pursuits but
that of searching for the precious metals are aban-
doned. Nearly the whole of the male population
of the country have gone to the gold district.
Ships arriving on the coast are deserted by their
- crews, and their voyages suspended for want of
sailors. Our commanding officer there entertains
apprehensions that soldiers cannot be kept in the
public service without a large increase of pay.
Desertions in his command have become frequent,
and he recommends that those who shall withstand
the strong temptation, and remain faithful, should
be rewarded.
This abundance of gold, and the all-engrossing
pursuit of it, have already caused in California an
unprecedented rise in tue price of the necessaries
of life.
That we may the more speedily and fully avail
ourselves of the undeveloped wealth of these mines,
it is deemed of vast importance that a branch of S
the mint of the United States be authorized to be I
established, at your present session, in California. !
Among other signal advantages which would result '
from such an establishment would be that of rais-
ing the gold to its par value in that Territory. A
branch mint of the United States at the great com-
mei cidl depot on the west coast, would convei t into
our own coin not only the gold deiived from out-
own rich mines, but also the bullion and specie
which our commerce may bring from the whole
west coast of Central and South America. The
west coast of America and the adjacent interior
embrace the richest and best mines of Mexico,
New Granada, Central America, Chili, and Peru.
The bullion and specie drawn from these countries,
and especially from those of Western Mexico and
Peru, to an amount in value of many millions of
dollars, are now annually diverted and carried by
the ships of Great Britain to her own ports, to be
recoined or used to sustain her National Dank, and j
thus contribute to increase her ability to command j
so much of the commerce of the world. If,i branch I
mint be established at the great commercial point j
upon that coast, avastamountof bullion and specie
would flow thither to be recoined, and pass thence j
to New Oileans, New York, and other Atlantic 1
cities. The amount of our constitutional currency j
at home would be greatly increased, while its clr- |
dilation abroad would be piomoted. It is well
known to our merchants trading to China and the
west coast of America, that great inconvenience
jand loss are experienced from the fact, that onr
coins are not current at their par value in those
countries.
The Powers of Europe, far removed from the
west coast of America by the Atlantic Ocean which
intervenes, and by a tedious and dangerous navi-
gation around the southern cape of the continent
of America, can never successfully compete with
the United States in the lich and extensive com-
merce which is opened to us at so much less cost
by the acquisition of California.
The vast importance and commercial advantages
of California have heretofore remained undevel-
oped by the government of the country of which it
constituted a part. Now that this fine province is
a part of our country, all the States of the Union,
some more immediately and directly than others,
are deeply interested in the speedy development of
its wealth and resources. No section of our country
is more interested, or will be more benefited, than
the commercial, navigating, and manufacturing in-
terests of the eastern States. Our planting and
farming interests in every part of the Union will
be greatly benefited by it. As our commerce and
navigation are enlarged and extended, our exports
ii of agricultural products and of manufactures will
; i be increased; and in the new markets thus opened
sary arrangements for carrying its provisions into
effect.
The monthly line of mail steamers from Panama
to Astoria has been required to " stop and deliver
and take mails at San Diego, Monterey, atid San
Francisco." These mail steamers, connected by
the isthmus of Panama with the line of mail steam-
ers on the Atlantic between New Yoik and Cha-
gres, will establish a regular mail communication
with California.
It is our solemn duty to provide, with the least
practicable delay, for New Mexico and California,
regularly organized territorial governments. The
! causes of the failure to do this at the last session
they cannot fail to command remunerating and ij of Congress are well known, and deeply to be re-
! profitable prices. ' - -- 1 1 -*
| The acquisition of California and New Mexico,
| the settlement of the Oregon boundary, and the j
J annexation of Texas, extending to the Rio Grande,
are results which, combined, are of greater conse-
quence, and will add more to the strength and
wealth of the nation, than any which have pre-
ceded them since the adoption of the Constitu-
tion.
But to effect these great results, not only Cali-
fornia, but New Mexico, must be brought under the
control of regularly organized governments. The
existing condition of California, and of that part
of New Mexico lying west of the Rio Grande,
and without the limits of Texas, imperiously de-
mand that Congress should, at its present session,
organize territorial governments over them.
Upon the exchange of ratifications of the treaty
of peace with Mexico on the thirtieth of May
last, the temporary governments which had been
established over New Mexico and California by
our military and naval commanders, by virtue of
the rights of war, ceased to derive any obligatory
force from that source of authority; and having
been ceded to the United States, all government
and control over them under the authority of Mex
ico had ceased to exist, lmpieased with the ne-
cessity of establishing territorial governments over
them, I recommended the subject to the favorable
consideration of Congress in my message commu-
nicating the ratified treaty of peace, on the sixth of
July last, and invoked their action at that session.
Congress adjourned without making any pro\ision
|; grettcd. With the opening prospects of increased
!j prosperity and national greatness which the acqui-
sition of these rich and extensive territorial pus-
sessions affords, how irrational it would be to
forego or to reject these advantages, by the agita-
|-tion of a domestic question which is coeval with
i j the existence of our Government itself, and to en-
}] danger by internal strifes, geographical divisions,
!j and heated contests for political power, or for any
!' other cause, the harmony of the glorious Union of
ij our confederated States; that Union which binds
jius together as one people, and which for sixty
'! years has been our shield and protection against
• j every danger. In the eyes of the world and of
J posterity, how trivial and insignificant will be all
'I our internal divisions and struggles compared with
|! the preservation of this Union of the States in all
Ij its vigor and with all its countless blessings! No
ll patriot would foment and excite geographical and
sectional divisions. No lover of his country would
deliberately calculate the value of the Union. Fu-
ture generations would look in amazement upon
the folly of such a course. Other nations at the
present day would look upon it with astonishment;
and such of them as desire to maintain and per-
petuate thiones and monarchical or aristocratical
pnnciples will view it with exultation and delight,
because in it they will see the elements of faction,
which they hope must ultimately overturn our
system. Ours is the great example of a prosper-
ous and free self-governed Republic, commanding
the admiration and the imitation of all the lovers
of freedom throughout the world. How solemn,
for their government. The inhabitants, by the ij therefore, is the duty, how impressive the call
transfer of their country, had become entitled to
the benefits of our laws and Constitution, and yet j
: were left without any/ regularly organized govern- !
' mcnt. Since that time, the very limited power 1
j possessed by the Executive has been exercised to '
j preserve and protect them from the inevitable con- ;
I sequences of a state of anarchy. The only gov- |
i ernment which remained was that established by
upon us and upon all parts of our country, to cul-
tivate a patriotic spirit of harmony, of good fel-
lowship, of compromise and mutual conccssion, in
the administration of the incomparable system of
government formed by our fathers in the midst, of
almost insuperable difficulties, and transmitted to
us, with the injunction that we should enjoy its
blessings and hand it down unimpaired to those
the military authority during the war. Regarding ji who may come after us !
this to be a de facto government, and that by the j! In view of the high and responsible duties which
presumed consent of the inhabitants it might be ,) we owe to ourselves and to mankind, I trust you
continued temporarily, they were advised to con- ij may he able, at your present session, to approach
form and submit to it for the short intervening pc- j j the adjustment of the only domestic question which
riod before Congress would again assemble and !
could legislate on the subject. The views enter- '
tained by the Executive on this point are contained :
in a communication of the Secretary of State, :
dated the seventh of October last, which was for- j
warded for publication to California and New ,
•Mcxico, a copy of winch is herewith transmit- :
ted. !
The small militaiy force of the regular army, j
seriously threatens, or probably ever can threaten,
to disturb the harmony and successful operation
of our system.
The immensely valuable possessions of New
Mexico and California are already inhabited by a
considerable population. Attracted by their great
fertility, their mineral wealth, their commercial
advantages and the salubrity of the climate, emi-
grants fiom the older States, in great numbers, arc
which was serving within the limits of the ac- '[ already preparing to seek new homes in these in-
quired territories at the close of the war, was vitmg regions.
retained in them, and additional forces have been
ordered Lherc for the protection of the inhabitants,
and to presenc and secure the rights and interests
of the United States.
No revenue lias been or could be collected at
the port<? in California, bccause Congress failed to
authorize the establishment of custom-houses, or
the appointment of officers for that purpose.
The Secretary of the Treasury, by a circular
letter addressed to collectors of the customs on the
seventh day of October last, a copy of which is
herewith tiansmitted, exert ised all the power with
which he was invested by law.
In puisuance of the act of the fourteenth of
August last, extending the benefit of our post
office laws to the people of California, tiie Post-
master General has appointed two agents, who
have proceeded, the one to California, and the
other to Oregon, with authority to make the nece®
Shall the dissimilarity of the domestic insti-
tutions in the different States prevent us from
providing for them suitable governments'' These
institutions existed at the adoption of the Constitu-
tion, but the obstacles which they interposed were
overcome by that spirit of compromise which is
now invoiced. In a conflict of opinions or of inter-
ests, real or imaginary, betweensdiflurent sections
of our country, neither can justly demand all which
it might desire to obtain. Each, in the true spirit
j of our institutions, should concede something
the other.
Our gallant forces in the Mexican war, hy whose
patriotism and unparalleled deeds of arms we ob-
tained these possessions as an indemnity for our
just demands against Mexico, were composed of
citizens who belonged to no one State or section
of our Union. They were men from slaveholding
pud non-slaveholdmg States, frorn. the North and
