1848.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate k, Ho. of Reps.
of its last session, made an appropriation for "the
expenses of running and marking; the boundary
line" between the two countries, but did not fix
the amount of salary which should be paid to the
commissioner and surveyor to be appointed on the
part of the United States. It is desirable that the
amount of compensation which t&ey shall receive
should be prescribed by law, and not left, as at
.present, to Executive discretion.
Measures were adopted at the earliest practica-
ble period to organize the "Territorial Govern-
ment of Oregon," as authorized by the act of the
fourteenth of August last. The Governor and
Marshal of the Territory, accompanied by a small
military escort, left the frontier of Missouri in
September last, and took the southern route, by
the way of Santa Fe and the river Gila, to Cali-
fornia, with the intention of proceeding thence in
-one of our vessels of war to their destination. The
Governor was fully advised of the great import-
ance of his e.n*ly arrival in the country, and it is
confidently believed he may reach Oregon in the
latter part of the present month, or early in the
next. The other officers for the Territory have
proceeded by sea.
In the month of May last, I communicated in-
formation to Congress that an Indian war had
broken out in Oregon, and recommended that au-
thority be given to raise an adequate number of
volunteers, to proceed, without delay, to the as-
sistance of our fellow-citizens in that Territory.
The authority to raise such a force not having been
granted by Congress, as soon as their services could
be dispensed with in Mexico, orders were issued
to the regiment of mounted ri-flemen to proceed to
Jefferson Bat racks, in Missouri, and to prepare to
march to Oregon as soon as the necessary provis-
ion could be made. Shortly before it was jeady
to march, it was arrested by the provision of the
act passed by Congress on the last day of the last
session, which directed that ali the non-commis-
sioned officers, musicians, and privates of that
regiment, who had been in service in Mexico,
should, upon their application, be entitled to be
discharged. The effect of tins provision was to
disband the rank and file of the regiment; and before
their places could be filled by recruits, the season
had so far advanced that it was impracticable for
it to proceed until the opening of the next spring.
In the month of October last, the accompanying
communication was received from the Governor of
the temporary government of Oregon, giving in-
formation of the continuance of the Indian dis-
turbances, and of the destitution and defenceless
condition of the inhabitants. Orders were imme-
diately transmitted to the commander of our squad-
ron in the Pacific, to despatch to their assistance
a part of the naval forces on that station, to fur-
nish them with arms and ammunition, and to con-
tinue to give them such aid and protection as the
navy could afford, until the army could reach the
country.
It is the policy of humanity, and one which has
•always been pursued by the United States, to cul-
tivate the good will of the aboriginal tribes of this
continent, and to restrain them from making war,
and indulging in excesses, by mild means, rather
than by force. That this could have been done !|
with the tribes in Oregon, had that Territory been |
brought under the government'of our laws at an |.
earlier period, and had suitable measures been :
adopted by Congress, such as now exist in our ji
intercourse with the other Indian tribes within our
limits, cannot be doubted, indeed, the immediate !,
and only cause of the existing hostility of the In- ;
dians of Oregon is represented to have been, the ji
long delay of the United States in making to them j
some trifling compensation, in such articles as!'
they wanted, for the country now occupied by our
emigrants, which the Indians claimed, and over
which they formerly roamed. This compensation
had been promised to them by the temporary gov-
ernment established in Oregon, but its fulfillment
had been postponed from time to time, for nearly
two years, whilst those who made it had been
anxiously waiting for Congress to establish a ter-
ritorial government over the country. The Indians
became at length distrustful of their good faith,
and soughtredress by plunder and massacre, which
finally led to the present difficulties. A few thou-
sand dollars in suitable presents,as a compensation
for the country which had been taken possession
of by ourcitizens, would have satisfied the Indians,
and have prevented the war. A small amount prop-
erly distributed, it is confidently believed, would
soon restore quiet. In this Indian war, our fellow-
citizens of Oregon have been compelled to take
the field in their own defence, have performed
valuable military services, and been subjected to
expenses which have fallen heavily upon them.
Justice demands that provision should he made by
Congress to compensate them for their services,
and to refund to them the necessary expenses which
they have incurred.
I repeat the recommendation heretofore made to
Congress, that provision be made; for the appoint-
ment of a suitable number of Indian agents to re-
side among the tribes of Oregon, and that a small
sum be appropriated to enable these agents to cul-
tivate friendly relations with them. If this be done,
the presence of a small military force will be all
that is necessary to keep them in check, and pre-
serve peace.
I recommend thnt similar provision be made as
regards the tribes inhabiting northern Texas, New
Mexico, California, and the extensive region lying
between our settlements in Missouri and these pos-
sessions, as the most effective means of preserving
peace upon our borders, and withm the recently-
acquired territories.
The Secretary of the Treasury will present in
his annual report a highly satisfactory statement
of the condition of the finances.
The imnorts for the fiscal year ending on the
thirtieth of June last were of the value of one hun-
dred and fifty-four million nine hundred and sev-
enty-seven thousand eight hundred and seventy-six
dollars; of which the amount exported was twenty-
one million one hundred and twenty-eight, thousand
and ten dollars, leaving one hundied and thirty- 1
three million eight hundred and forty-nine thousand ,
eight hundred and sixty-six dollars in the country j
for domestic use. ;
The value of the exports for the same period was ,
one hundred and fifty-four million thirty-two thou- !
sand one hundred and thirty-one dollars, consist- :
ing of domestic productions amounting to one '
hundred and thirty-two million nine hundred and 1
four thousand one hundred and twenty-one dollars, ;
and twenty-one million one hundred and twenty- j
eight thousand and ten dollars of foreign articles. I
The receipts into the treasury for the same :
period, exclusive of loans, amounted to thirty-five i
million four hundred and thirty-six thousand seven ;
hundred and fifty dollars and fifty-nine cents; of
which there was derived from customs thirty-one
million seven hundred and fifty-seven thousand
and seventy dollar* and ninety-six cents; from
sales of public lands, three million three hundred
and twenty-eight thousand six hundred and forty-
two dollars and fifty-six cents; and from miscel-
laneous and incidental sources, three hundred and
fifty-one thousand and thirty-seven dollars and
seven cents. .
It will be perceived that the revenue from cus- j
toms for the last fiscal year exceeded by seven j
hundred and fifty-seven thousand and seventy dol- !
lars and ninetv-six cents the estimate of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury in his last annual report;
and that the aggregate receipts during the same 1
period from qpstoms, lands, and miscellaneous !j
sources, also exceeded the estimate by the sum of j!
fivehundredand thirty-six thousand seven hundred |]
and fifty dollars and" fifty-nine cents—indicating, j;
however, a very near approach in the estimate to j|
the actual result.
The expenditures during the fiscal year ending .
on the thirtieth of June last, including those for
the war, and exclusive of payments of principal ,
and interest for the public debt, were forty-two !
million eight hundred and eleven thousand nine
hundred and seventy dollars and three cents.
It is estimated that the receipts into the treas-
ury for the fiscal year ending on the thirtieth of'
June, 1849, including the balance in the treasury j
on the first of July last, will amount to the sum of |
fifty-seven million forty-eight thousand nine hun- j
dred and sixty-nine dollars and ninety ^ cents; of i
which thirty-two millions of dollars, it is estima- j
ted, will be derived from customs; three millions ;
of dollars from the sales of the public lands; and ;
one million two hundred thousand dollars from ;
miscellaneous and incidental sources, including the
premium upon the loan, and the amount paid and ;
to be paid into the treasury on account of military
contributions in Mexico, and the sales of arms
and vessels and other public property rendered
unnecessary for the use of the Government by the
termination of the war; and twenty million six
hundred and ninety-five thousand four hundred
and thirty-five dollars and thirty cents from loans
already negotiated,including treasury notesfunded,
which, together with the balance in the treasury on
the first of July last, make the sum estimated.
The expenditures for the same period, including
the necessary payment on account of the principal
and interest of the public debt, and the principal
and interest of the first instalment due to Mexico
on the thirtieth of May next, and other expendi-
tures growing out of the war, to be paid during
the present year, will amount, including the reim-
bursement of treasury notes, to the sum of fifty-
four million one hundred and ninety-five thousand
two hundred and seventy-five dollars and six
cents; leaving an estimated balance in the treasury
on the first of July, 1849, of two million eight
hundred and fifty-three thousand six hundred and
ninety-four dollars and eighty-four cents.
The Secretary of the Treasury will present, as
required by law", the estimate of the receipts and
expenditures for the next fiscal year. The ex-
penditures as estimated for that year are thirty-
thiee million two hundred and thirteen thousand
one hundred and fifty-two dollars and seventy-
three cents, including three million seven hundred
and ninety-nine thousand one hundred and two
dollars and eighteen cents for the interest on the
public debt, and three million five hundred and
forty thousand dollars for the principal and inter-
est due to Mexico on the thirtieth of May, 1850,
leaving the sum of twenty-five million eight hun-
dred and seventy-four thousand and fifty dollars
and thirty-five cents; which, it is believed, will be
ample for the ordinary peace expenditures.
The operations of the tariff act of 1846 have
been such during the past year as fully to meet
the public expectation, and to confirm the opinion
heretofore expressed of the wisdom of the change
in our revenue svstem which was effected by it.
The receipts under it into the treasury for the first
fiscal year after its enactment exceeded by the sum
of five million iorty-four thousand four hundred
and three dollars and nine cents the amount col-
lected during the last fiscal year under the tariff
act of 1842, ending the thirtieth of June, 1846.
The total revenue realized from the commence-
ment of its operation, on the first of December,
184G, until the close of the last quarter, on the
thirtieth of September last, being twenty-two
months, was fifty-six million six hundred and
fifty-four thousand five hundred and sixty-three
dollars and seventy-nine cents—being; a much
larger sum than was ever before leceived from
duties during any equal period under the tariff acts
of 1824, 1838, 1S39, and 1842. Whilst by the
repeal of highly protective and prohibitory duties
the revenue has been increased, the taxes on the
people have been diminished. They have been
relieved from the heavy amounts with which they
were burdened under former laws m the form of
increased prices or bounties paid to favored classes
and pursuits.
The predictions whi *.h were made, that the tariff
act of 1846 would reduce the amount of revenue
below that collected under the act of 18i2, and
would prostrate the business and destroy the pros-
perity of the country, have not been verified.
With an increased and increasing revenue, the
finances are in a highly flourishing condition. Ag-
riculture, commerce, and navigation, are prosper-
ous- the prices of manufactured fabrics, and of
other products, are much less injuriously affected
than was to have been anticipated, from the unpre-
cedented revulsions which, during the last and the
present year, have overwhelmed the industry, and
paralyzed the credit and^ commerce of so many
great and enlightened nations of Europe.
Severe commercial revulsions abroad have al-
ways heretofore operated to depress, and often to
affect disastrously, almost every branch of Amer-
ican industry. 'The temporary depression of a
portion of our manufacturing interests is the effect
of foreign causes, and is far less severe than has
prevailed on all former similar occasions.
It is believed that, looking to the great aggre-
gate of all our interests, the whole country was
