APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. 5,
30th Cong 2r  Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate Mo. of Rei'S.
erease of the rates of tax imposed, and diminished
as those rates weie reduced to the revenue standard
required by the wants of the Government. The
rates required to produce a sufficient revenue fur
the ordinary expenditures of government, for ne-
cessary purposes, were not likely to give to the
private partners in this scheme profits sufficient to
satisfy their cupidity; and hence a variety of expe-
dients and pretexts were resorted to for the pur-
pose of enlarging the expenditures, and thereby
creating a necessity for keeping up a high protect-
ive tariff. The effect of this policy was to inter-
pose artificial restrictions upon the natural course
of the business and trade of the country, and to
advance the interests of large capitalists and mo-
nopolists, at the expense of the great mass of the
people, who were taxed to increase their wealth.
Another branch of this system was a compre-
hensive scheme of internal improvements, capable
of indefinite enlargement, and sufficient to swallow
up as many millions annually as could be exacted
from the foreign commerce of the country. This
was a convenient and necessary adjunct of the
protective tariff. It was to be the great absorbent
of any surplus which might at any time accumu-
late in the treasury, and of the taxes levied on the
people, not for necessary revenue purposes, but for
the avowed object of affording protection to the
favored classes.
Auxiliary to the same end, if it was not an
essential part of the system itself, was the scheme
which, at a later period, obtained, for distributing
the proceeds of the sales of the public lands among ■
the States. Other expedients were devised to take j
money out of the treasury, and prevent its coming
in from any other sourcc than the protective tariff. |
The authors and supporters of the system weie fi
the advocates of the largest expenditures, whether
for necessary or useful purposes or not, because I:
the larger the expenditures the greater was the
pretext for high taxes in the form of protective
duties.
These several measures were sustained by pop-
ular names and plausible arguments, by which
thousands were deluded. Tlie bank was repre-
sented to bean indispensable fiscal agent for the
Government; was to equalize exchanges, and to
regulate and furnish a sound currency, alvt a yd and
everywhere of uniform value. The protective
tariff wastogiveemployment to "American labor"
at advanced prices; was to protect "home indus-
try," and furnish a steady market for the farmer.
Internal improvements were to bring trade into
every neighborhood, and enhance the value of
every man's property. The distribution of the
land money was to enrich the States, finish their
public, woiks, plant schools throughout their bor-
ders, and relieve them from taxation. Dut the
fact, that for every dollar taken out of the treasury
for these objects a much laipcr sum was trans-
ferred from the pockets of the people, to the favored
classes, was carefully concealed, as was also the
tendency, if not the ultimate design of the system, !
to build up an aristocracy of wealth, to control the ,
masses of society, and monopolize the political I
power of the country.
_ The several branches of this system were so
intimately blended together, that in their operation
each sustained and strengthened the others. Their
joint operation was, to add new burdens of tax-
ation and to encourage a laigely increased and
wastehil expenditure of public money. It was
the interest of the bank that the revenue collected
and the disbursements made by the Government
snould be large, because, being the depository of
public money, the larger the amount, the
taking from them the land fund; so that each of
the branches constituting the system had a com-
mon interest in swelling the public expenditures.
They had a direct interest in maintaining the pub-
lic debt unpaid, and increasing its amount, because
this would produce an annual increased drain upon
the treasury, to the amount of the interest, and
render augmented taxes necessary. The opera-
tion and necessary effect of the whole system
were, to encourage large and extravagant expend-
itures, and thereby to increase the public patvon-
age, and maintain a rich and splendid government
at the expense of a taxed and impoverished peo-
ple.
It is manifest that this scheme of enlarged taxa-
tion and expenditures, had it continued to prevail,
must soon have converted the Government of the
Union, intended by its framers to be a plain, cheap,
and simple confederation of States, united together
[ for common protection, and charged with a few
being opposed to the constitutionality and expedi-
ency of the bank. It is well known, also, that
President Washington retained the bill from Mon-
day, the fourteenth, when it was presented to him,
until Friday, the twenty-fifth of February—being
the last moment permitted him by the Constitution
to deliberate, when he finally yielded to it his re-
luctant assent, and gave it his signature. It is cer-
tain that as late as the twenty-third of February—
being the ninth day after the bill was presented to
him—he had arrived at no satisfactory conclusion;
for on that day he addressed a note to General
Hamilton, in which he informs him that " this bill
' was presented to me by the joint committee of
' Congress at 12 o'clock on Monday, the fourteenth
' instant;" and he requested his opinion " to what
' precise period, by legal interpretation of the Con-
' stitution, can the President retain it in his posses-
' sion, before it becomes a law by the lapse of ten
"If the proper construction was, that the
j specific duties, relating chiefly to our foreign af- J; day on which the bill was presented to the Presi
~ .1-. _ dent, and the day on which hisaction "washad upon
it, were both to be counted inclusive, then the time
allowed him, within which it would be competent
for him to return it to the House in which it origi-
nated with his objections, would expire on Thurs-
day, the twenty-fourth of February, General
Hamilton on the same day returned an answer, m
which he states: " I give it as rny opinion that you
' have ten days exclusive of that on which the bill
' was delivered to you, and Sundays; hence, m the
' present ease, if it is returned on Friday, it will be
' in time." By this construction, which the Presi-
jj dent adopted, he gained another day for dehbera-
: tion,and it was not until the tweniy-iifth of Febru-
fairs, into a consolidated empire, depriving the
States of their reserved rights, and the people of'
their just power and control in the administration !
of their Government. In this manner the whole :
form and character of the Government would be I
changed, not by an amendment of the Constitution, j
but by resorting to an unwarrantable and unau- |
thorized construction of that instrument. i
The indirect mode of levying the taxes by a
duty on imports, prevents the mass of the people i
from readily perceiving the amount they pay, and 1
has enabled the few, who are thus enriched, and !
who seek to wield the political power of the conn- i'
try, to deceive and delude them. Were the taxes
; collected by a direct levy upon the people, as is !i ary that he signed the bill; thus affording conclu-
1 the case in the States, this could not occur. [i sive proof that he had at last obtained his own con-
! The whole system was resisted from its inception ;| sent to sign it not without great and almost insu-
by many of our ablest statesmen, some of whom i! perable difficulty. Additional light has been re-
| doubted its constitutionality and its expediency, !j cently shed upon the serious doubts which he had
: while others believed it was, in all its branches, a j on the subject, amounting: at one time to a convic-
. flagrant and dangerous infraction of the Constitu- tion that it was his duty to withhold his approval
! tm"- • ii , . . ij from the bill. This is found among the manusciipt
1 hat a national bank, a protective tariff, levied ! j papers of Mr. Madison, authorized to be purchased
not to raise the^ revenue needed, buffer protection jj for the use of the Government by an act of the last
[| session of Congress, and now for the first time
the
greater would be the bank profits by its use'. It
was the interest of the favored classes, who were
emicaed by the protective tariff, to have the rates
of that protection as high as possible; for the
higher those rates, the greater would be their ad-
vantage. It was the interest of the people of all
those sections and localities who expected to be
benefited by expenditures for internal improve-
ments, that the amount collected should be as
large as possible, t:> the end that the sum disbursed
might also be the lar;
merely,internal improvements, andthedistribution
of the proceeds of the sales of the public lands, are
measures without the warrant of the Constitution,
would, upon the maturest consideration, seem to be
clear. _ It is remarkable that no one of these meas-
ures, involving such momentous consequences, is
authorized by any expiess grant of power in the
Constitution. No one of them is u incident to, as
being necessary and proper for the execution of,
the specific powers" granted by the Constitution.
The authority under which it has been attempted to
justify each of them is derived from inferences and
constructions of the Constitution which its letter
and its whole object and design do not warrant. |
Is it to be conceived that such immense powers I
would have been left by the framers of the Con- I
stitution to mere inferences and doubtful construe- |
lions' Had it been intended to confer them on the !
Federal Government, it is but reasonable to con- !
elude that it would have been done by plain and [
unequivocal grants. This was not done; but the !
whole structure of which the " Americam system" )
consisted, was reared on no other or better found-
ation than forced
; accessible to the public. From these papers, it ap-
! pears that President Washington, while he yet held
! the bank bill in his hands, actually requesied Mr.
| Madison, at that time a member of the House of
Representatives, to prepare the draught of a veto
message for him. Mr. Madison, at his request,
did prepare the draught of such a message, and
! sent it to him on the twenty -first of February, 1791.
I A copy of this original draught, in Mr. Madison's
i own handwriting, was carefully preserved by him,
[ and is among the papers lately purchased by Con-
! gress. It is preceded by a note, written on the
same sheet, which is also in Mr. Madison's hand-
writing, and is as follows:
" February 21s t, 17 91. Copy of a paper ma da
' out and sent to the President at his request, to be
' ready in case his judgment should finally decide
' against the bill for incorporating national bank,
' the bill being then before him."
Among the objections assigned in this paper to
the bill, and which were submitted for the consid-
eration of the President, are the following:
"I object to the bill, because it is an csstntial
' principle of the government that powers not del-
egated by the Constitution cannot bo rightfully
implications and inferences of'
power which its authors assumed mHit be de- '
; duned by construction from the Constitution. h ^ mllmn D0 r,~,u,uiiy
j But it has been urged that the National Bank, j] 'exercised; because the power proposed h/thebill
j which constituted so essential a branch of this ■* ' to be exercised is not expressly delated and be-
| combined system of measures, was not a new ; ' cause I cannot satisfy myself that it results from
, measure and that its constitutionality had been jj 'any express power by fair and safe rules ofinter-
, previously sanctioned, because a bank had been j! • pretation "
! 'jlan"ed *79)Ra<J had received the official .1 The weight of the precedent of the bank of 1791
I Sl?"at(!!e of I/fsident Washington. A few facts !j and the sanction of the <'reat name of Washin"'
I will show the just weight to whicn this precedent '( ton which has been so often invoked in its sun-
! SnffioX aS I,,g UP°n the quest,°n 0f 'i C;rctraTyh Weakenetl> th« .development of
| ^division of opinion upon the subject exist- '! «o lie cotS"
i w"^0™ S f known that President I and at the end of twenty years Con°-re^ refused'
I™'"?0" entf a>ned senous doubts both as to .| to recharter it. It wK been fonunat^for
■ - ■ ! u re- and while'the llilf the comUrV, and saved thousands from bankruptcy
. -  - .-rger. The States beino- the i approval or di*aporoval wrentwprith ^ ^ ■' an(! ruln>llad our public men of ]816 resisted the
* thc, °r the I"* money,,: H pressure of the times upon our financial
had an interest in having the rates of tax imposed . members of his cabinet to aid himTn'im ' 1 a"d Pf-uniary interests, and refused to charter the
by the protective tariff largo enough to yield a ) decision H ;n ainvrr.g at a ,| second bank. Of this the country became abun-
suffic.ent revenue from thai source to meet the!1 diYfX?/, Jn htfV:helr7™>";''nd were'I dantly satisfied, and at the close of its twenty
wants of the Government, without disturbing or l! in favor of and Mr Jefferson^nd^lr'p"1 m'T 'I y^S' dul'5tion' as hl the CMe of the f,rst bank' k
or' ana 1VU' Jent-r&°n ana Mr. Randolph l! also ceased to exist. Under the repeated blows of
