1849.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
30th Cong 2v Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate & Ho. of Refs.
President Jackson, it reeled and fell, and a subse-
quent attempt to charter a similar institution was
arrested by the veto of Piesident Tyler.
Mr. Madison, in yielding his signature to the
charter of 1816, did so upon the ground of the re-
spect due to precedents; and, as he subsequently
declared, "the Bank of the United States, though,
on the original question, held to be unconstitution-
al, received the Executive signature."
It is probable that neither the bank of 1791, nor
that of 1616, would ha\e been chartered but for
the embarrassments of the Government m its
finances, the derangement of the currency, and
the pecuniary pressure which existed—the first
the consequence of the war of the Revolution, and
the second the consequence of the war of 1812.
Both were resorted to in the delusive hope that
they would restore public ciedit, and afford relief
to the Government, and to the business of the
country.
Those of our public men who opposed the
whole "American system," at its commencement,
and throughout its progress, foresaw and predicted
that it was fraught with incalculable mischiefs,
and must result in serious injury to the best inter-
ests of the country. For a series of years their
wise counsels were unheeded, and the system was
established. It was soon apparent that its practi-
cal operation was unequal and unjust upon differ-
ent portions of the country, and upon the people
ensued in different pursuits. All were equally
entitled to the favor and protection of the Govern-
ment. It fostered and elevated the money-power,
and enriched the favored few by taxing labor, and
at the expense of the many. Its effect was to
"make the rich richer, and the poor poorer." Its
tendency was to create distinctions in society based
on wealth, and to give to the favored classes undue
control and sway in our Government. It was an
organized money-power, which resisted the popu-
lar will, and sought to shape and control the public
policy.
Under the pernicious workings of this combined
system of measures, the country witnessed alter-
nate seasons of temporary apparent prosperity; of
sadden and disastrous commercial revulsions; of
unprecedented fluctuation of prices, and depres-
sion of the great interests of agriculture, naviga-
tion, and commerce; of general pecuniary suffer-
ing, and of final bankruptcy of thousands. After
a seveie struggle of more than a quarter of a cen-
tury, the system was overthrown.
The bank has been succeeded by a practical
system offinance, conducted and controlled solely
by the Government. The constitutional currency
has been restored; the public credit maintained
unimpaired, even in a period of foreign war; and
the whole country has become satisfied that banks,
national or State, are not necessary as fiscal agents
of the Government. Revenue duties have taken
the place of the protective tariff. The distribu-
tion of the money derived from the sale of the
public lands has been abandoned, and the corrupt-
ing system of internal improvements, it is hoped,
has been effectually checked.
It is not doubted, that if this whole train of
measures designed to take wealth from the many,
and bestow it upon the few, were to prevail, the
effect would be to change the entire character of
the Government. One only danger remains. It is
the seductions of that branch of the system, which
consists in internal improvements, holding out, as
it does, inducements to the people of particular
sections and localities to embark the Government
in them without stopping to calculate the inevitable
consequences. This branch of the system is so
intimately combined and linked with the others,
that as surely as an effect is produced by an ade-
quate cause, if it be resuscitated and revived, and
firmly established, it requires no sagacity to fore-
see that it will necessarily and speedily draw after
it the reestabiishment of a national bank, the
revival of a protective tariff, the distribution of the
land money, and not only the postponement to
the distant future of the payment of the present
national debt, but its annual increase.
I entertain the solemn conviction, that if the
internal improvement branch of the ''American
system" be not firmly resisted at this time, the
"whole series of measures composing it will be
speedily reestablished, and the country be thrown
back from its present high state of prosperity,
which the existing policy has produced, and be
destined again to witness all the evils, commercial
revulsions, depression of prices, and pecuniary
embarrassments, through which we have passed
during the last twenty-five years.
To guard against consequences so ruinous, is
an object of high national importance, involving,
in my judgment, the continued prosperity of the
country.
I have felt it to be an imperative obligation to
withhold my constitutional sanction from two bills
which had passed the two Houses of Congress,
involving the principle of the internal improve-
ment branch of the "American system," and
conflicting in their provisions with the views here
expressed.
This power, conferred upon the President by
the Constitution, I have on three occasions, du-
ring my administration of the Executive depart-
ment of the Government, deemed it my duty to
exercise; and on this last occasion of making to
Congress an annual communication " of the state
of the Union," it is not deemed inappropriate to
review the principles and considerations which
have governed my action. I deem this the more
necessary, because, after the lapse of nearly sixty
years since the adoption of the Constitution, the
propriety of the exercise of this undoubted con-
stitutional power by the President has for the first
time been drawn seriously in question by a portion
of my fellow-citizens.
The Constitution provides that" every bill which
1 shall have passed the House of Representatives
{ and the Senate shall, before it become a law, be
' presented to the President of the United Stales: if
' he approve, he shall sign it; but if not, he shall
' return it, with his objections, to that House in
' which it shall have originated,who shall enter the
' objections at large on their Journal, and pioceed
' to reconsider it."
The preservation of the Constitution from infrac-
tion is the President's highest duty. He is bound
to discharge that duty, at whatever hazard of in-
curring the displeasure of those who may differ
with him in opinion. "He is bound to discharge it,
as well by his obligations to the people who have
clothed him with his exalted trust, as by his oath
of office, which he may not disregard. Nor are
the obligations of the President in any degree les-
sened by the prevalence of views different from
his own in one or both houses of Congress. It is
not alone hasty and inconsiderate legislation that
he is required to check; but if at any time Con-
gress shall, after apparently full deliberation, re-
solve on measures which he deems subversive of
the Constitution, or of the vital interests of the
country, it is his solemn duty to stand in the breach
and resist them. The President is bound to
approve, or disapprove, every bill which passes
Congress and is presented to him for his signature.
The Constitution makes this his duty,and he can-
not escape it if he would. He has no election. In
deciding upon any bill presented to him, he must
exercise his own best judgment. If he cannot
approve, the Constitution commands him to return
the bill to the House in which it originated, with
his objections; and if he fail to do this within ten
days, (Sundays excepted,) it shall become a law
wjthout his signature. Ri^ht or wrong, he may be
overruled by a vote of two-thirds of each House;
and, in that event, the bill becomes a law without
his sanction. If his objections be not thus over-
ruled, the subject is only postponed, and is re-
ferred to the States and the people for their con-
sideration and decision. The President's power is
negative merely, and not affirmative. He can
enact no law The only effect, therefore, of his
withholding his approval of a bill passed by Con-
gress, is to suffer the existing laws to remain
unchanged, and the delay occasioned is only that
required to enable the States and the people to
consider and act upon the subject in the election of
public agents who will carry out their wishes and
instructions. Any attempt to coerce the President
to yield his sanction to measures which he cannot
approve, would be a violation of the spirit of the
Constitution, palpable and flagrant; and if suc-
cessful, would' break down the independence of
the executive department, and make the President,
elected by the people, and clothed by the Constitu-
tion with power to defend their rights, the mere
instrument of a majority of Congress. A sur-
render, on his part, of the powers with which the
Constitution has invested his office, would effect
a practical alteration of that instrument, without
resorting to the prescribed process of amendment.
With the motives or considerations which may
induce Congress to pass any bill, the President
can have nothing to do. He must piesume them
to be as pure as his own, and look only to the
practical effect of their measures when compared
with the Constitution or the public good.
But it has been urged by those who object to
the exercise of this undoubted constitutional pow-
er, that it assails the representative principle and
the capacity of the people to govern themselves;
that there is greater safety in a numerous repre-
sentative body than in the single Executive cre-
ated by the Constitution, and that the Executive
veto is a "one-man power," despotic in its char-
acter. To expose the fallacy of this objection, it
is only necessary to consider the frame and true
character of our system. Ours is not a consoli-
dated empire, but a confederated Union. The
States, before the adoption of the Constitution,
were coordinate, cocqual, and separate independ-
ent sovereignties, and by its adoption they did
not lose that character. They clothed the Federal
Government with certain powers, and reserved all
others, including their own sovereignty, to them-
selves. They guarded their own rights as Slates
and the rights of the people, by the very limita-
tions which they incorporated into the Federal
Constitution, whereby the different departments
of the General Governmeni were checks upon
each other. That the majority should govern, is
a general principle, controverted by none; but
they must govern according to the Constitution,
and not according to an undefined and unresfrain&d
discretion, whereby they may oppress the mi-
nority.
The people of the United States are not blind to
the fact that they may be tempoiarily misled, and
that their representatives, legislative and execu-
tive, may be mistaken or influenced in their action
by improper motives. They have therefore in-
terposed between themselves and the laws which
may be passed by their public agents, various repre-
sentations, such as Assemblies, Senates, and Gov-
ernors in their several States; a House of Repre-
sentatives, a Senate, and a President of the United
States. The people can by their own direct agency:
make no law; nor can the House of Representa-
tives immediately elected by them; nor can the
Senate; nor can both together, without the con-
currence of the Piesident, or a vote of two-thirds
of both Houses.
Happily for themselves, the people, in framing
our admirable system of government, were con-
scious of the infirmities of their representatives;
and, in delegating to them the power of legislation,
they have fenced them around with checks, to
guard against the effects of hasty action, of eiror,
of combination, and of possiblecorruption. Error,
selfishness, and faction have often sought to rend
asunder this web of checks, and subject the Gov-
ernment to the control of fanatic and sinister in-
fluences; but these efforts have only satisfied the
people of the wisdom of the checks which they
have imposed, and of the necessity of preserving
them unimpaired.
The tine theory of our system is not to govern
by the acts or decrees of any one set of represent-
atives. The Constitution interposes checks upon
all branches of the Government, in order to give
time for ciror to be correctcd, and delusion to pass
away; but if the people settle down into a firm
conviction different from that of their representa-
tives, they give effect to their opinions by chan-
ging their public servants. The checks which the
people imposed on their public servants in the
adoption of the Constitution, arertbe best evidence
of their capacity for self-government. They know
that the men whom they elect to public stations
are oflike infirmities and passions with themselves,
and not to be trusted without being restricted by
coordinate authorities and constitutional limita-
tions. Who that has witnessed the legislation of
Congress for the last thirty years will say that he
knows of no instance in which measures not de-
manded by the public good, have been carried?
Who will (1-eny that, in the State governments, by
combinations of individuals and sections, in dero-
gation of the general interest, banks have been
