10
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. 5,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
chartered, systems of internal improvement adopt- !
ed,and debts entailed upon the people, repressing '
their growth, and impairing their energies for |
years to come ? j
After so much experience, it cannot be said that !
absolute unchecked power is safe in the hands of j
any one set of representatives, or that the capacity I
of the people for self-government, which is admit- j
ted in its broadest extent, is a conclusive argu- '
ment to prove the prudence, wisdom, and integrity j
of their representatives. I
The people, by the Constitution, have com-
manded the President, as much as they have com-
manded the legislative branch of the Government,
to execute their will. They have said to him in
the Constitution, which they require he shall take
a solemn oath to support, that if Congress pass
aoy bill which he cannot approve, " he shall return
it to the House in which it originated, with his
objections." In withholding from it his approval ;
and signature, he is executing the will of the j
people constitutionally expressed, as much as the j
Congress that passed it. No bill is piesumec! to
be in accordance with the popular will until it I
shall have passed through all the branches of the
Government required by the Constitution to make '
it a law. A bill which passes the House of Rep- ;
resentatives maybe rejected by the Senate;and so j
a bi'l passed by the. Senate may be rejected by i
the House. In each case the respective Houses t
exercise the veto power on the other. j
Congress, and each House of Congress, hold
tinder the Constitution a check upon the President, '
and he, by the power of the qualified veto, a check
upon Congress. When the President recommends
measures to Congress, he avows, in the most
solemn form, his opinions, gives his voice in their ,
favor, and pledges himself in advance to approve
them if pass.-d by Congress. If he acls without :
due consideration, oi has been influenced by nn- '
proper oi coirupt motives—or if from any other j
cause Congress, or either House of Congress, shall 1
differ with him in opinion, they exercise their veto :
upon his recommendations, and reject them; and J
thcie is nn appeal from their decision, but to the I
people at the ballot-box. These are proper checks I
upon the Executive, wisely interposed by the Con- n
stitution. None will be found to object to them, or '
to wish them removed. It is equally important that |i
-the constitutional cheeks of the execu tive upon the
legislative branch should be preserved. l'
If it be said that the Representatives in the ^
popular blanch of Congress aiechosen directly by |
the people, it is answered, the people elect the j!
Prt sident. if both Houses represent the States
and the people, so does the Piesident. The Presi- j
dent lepresenls in the executive depni tment the I
whole people of the Umleil Slates, as each member 1
of the legislative department represents portions of
them.
The doctrine, of restriction upon legislative and !-
executive power, while a well settled public opin- '!
ion is enabled within a reasonable time to accom- l!
plish its ends, has made our country what it is,
and has opened to us a career of glory and happi-
ness to which allother nations have been strangers.
In the exercise of the power of the veto° the
President is responsible not only to an enlightened
pnbbc opinion, but to the people of the whole
Union, who elected him, as the lepresentatives in
the legislative branches, who differ with him in
opinion, are responsible to the people of particular
Slates, or districts, who compose their lespective
constituencies. To deny to the President the.exer-
cise of this power, would be to repeal that provis-
ion of the Constitution which confers it upon him.
To charge I hat its execnVe unduly controls the leois-
lative will, is to complain of the Constitution itself.
If the Presidential veto be objected to upon the
ground that if cheeks and thwarts the public will,
upon the same principle the equality of represent-
ation of ihe States in the Senate should be stui-iten
out of the Constitution. The vote of a Senator
from Delaware has equal weight in deciding- upon
the most important measures with the vote of a
Senator from New Yoik; and yet the one repre-
sents a State containing, according to the existing
apportionment of repieseniatives'in the House of'
Representatives, but one thirty-fourth part of the
population of the other. By the constitutional
composition of the Senate, a majority of that body
irom the smaller States represent less than one- I
fourth of the people of the Union. There are 1
thirty States; and, under the existing apportion- !
ment of representatives, there are two hundred
and thirty members in the House of Representa-
tives. Sixteen of the smaller States are repre-
sented in that House by but fifty members; and
yet the Senators from these States constitute a
majority of the Senate. So that the President
may recommend a measure to Congress, and it
may receive the sanction and approval of more
than three-fourths of the House of Representatives,
I and of all the Senators from the large States, con-
j taining more than three-fourths of the whole pop-
ulation of the United Statps; and yet the measure
j may be defeated by the votes of the Senators from
J the smaller States. None, it is presumed, can be !i
found ready to change the organization of the Sen- ji
! ate on this account, or to strike that body practi- 11
! cally out of existence, by requiring that its action i'l
shall be conformed to the will of the more numer- jl
| ous branch. [
Upon the same .principle that the veto of the '
PresidentshoulJ bepractically abolished, the. power !
of the Vice Presideut to give the casting vote upon j
an equal division of the Senate should be abolished |
also. The Vice President exercises the veto power :
as effectually by rejecting a bill by his casting vote,
i as the President does by refusing to approve and 1
sign it. This power has been exercised by the '
Vce President in a few instances, the most import- j
ant of which was the rejection of the hill torecharter ii
the Bank of the United States in 1811. Itmayjj
happen that a bill may be passed by a large major- 1
ity of the House, of Representatives, and may be !'
supported by the Senators from the larger States,and 1
the Vice President may reject it by giving his vote
with the Senators from the smaller States; and yet
none, it is presumed, are prepared to deny to him
the exercise of this power under the Constitution.
But it is, in point of fact, untrue that an act passed
by Congress is conclusive evidence that it is an
emanation of the popular will. A majority of the
whole number elected to each house of Congress
j constitutes a quorum, and a majority of thut"quo-
j rum is competent to"pass laws. It might happen
1 that a quorum of the House of Representatives,
j1 consisting of a single member more than half of
j the whole number elected to that House, might
l| pass a bill by a majority of a single vote, and""in
jj that ease a fraction'more than one-fourth of the
|i people of the United States would be represented
;; by Ihose who voted for it. It might happen that
j; the, same bill mightbe passed by a majority of one,
h of a quorum of the Senate, composed of Senators
I from the fifteen smaller States, and a single Sena-
: tor from a sixteenth State, and if the '"Senators
j voting for it happened to be from the eight of the
smallest of these States, it would be passed by the
vn'pi of Senators from States Inning but fourteen
| Representatives m the House of Representatives
and containing less than one-sixteenth of the whole
: population of the United States. This extreme
jl case is stated lo illustrate the fact, that the mere
passage of a bill by Congress is no conclusive evi-
. dence that those who passed it represent the ma-
il jority of the people of the United States, or truly
j| reflect their will, if such an extreme case is not t
[, likely to happen, cases that approximate it aie of!
! constant occurrence. It is believed that not a sin- !
gle law has been passed since the adoption of the i
. Constitution, upon which all the members elected i
j to both Houses have been prcsentand voted. Many
of the most important acts which have passed
Congress have been carried by a close vote in thin
Houses. Many instances of this might be given.
Indeed, our experience proves that many of the
| most important acts of Congress are postponed
ji to the last days, and often the last hours of a ses-
! sion, when they are disposed of in haste, and by
!' Houses but little exceeding the number necessary
j' to foim a quorum.
! Besides, in most of the States the members of
i the House of Representatives are chosen by plu-
j rahties, and not by majorities of all the voters in
| their respective districts; and it may happen that
1 a ma jority of that House may be returned by a less
! ■ aggregate vote of the people than that received by
| the minority.
|' If the principle insisted on be sound, then the
|| Constitution should be so changed that no bill
:j shall become a law unless it is voted for by mem-
! bers representing in each House a majority of the
whole people of the United States. We must re-
model our whole system, strike down and abolish
not only the salutary checks lodged in the Ex:ecu-
tive branch, but must strike out and abolish those
lodged in the Senate aiso, and thus practically
invest the whole power of the Government in a
majority of a single assembly—a majority uncon-
trolled and absolute, and which may become des-
potic. To conform to this doctrine of the right of
majorities to rule, independent of the checks and
limitations of the Constitution, we must revolu-
tionize our whole system. We must destroy
the constitutional compact by which the several
States agreed to form a Federal Union, and rush
into consolidation, which must end m monarchy
or despotism. No one advocates such a propo-
sition; and yet the doctrine maintained, if carried
out, must lead to this result.
One great object of the Constitution, in confer-'
ring upon the President a qualified negative upon
the legislation of Congress, was to protect minori-
ties from injustice and oppression by majorities.
The equality of their representation in the Senate,
and the veto power of the President, are the con-
stitutional guarantees which the smaller States
have that their rights will be respected. Without
these guarantees, all their interests would be at the
mercy of majorities in Congress representing the
larger States. To the smaller and weaker States,
therefore, the preservation of this power, and its
exercise upon proper occasions demanding it, is
of vital importance. They ratified the Constitu-
i tion, and entered into the Union, securing to them-
| selves an equal representation with the larger
I States in the Senate; and they agreed to be bound
1 by all laws passed by Congress, upon the express
condition, and none other, that they should be
approved by the President, or passed, his objec-
tions to the contrary notwithstanding, by a vote
of two-thirds of both Houses. Upon this condi-
tion, they have a right to insist, as a part of the
compact to which they gave their assent.
A bill might be passed by Congress against the
will of the whole people of a particular State, and
against the votes of its Senators and all its Repre-
sentatives. However prejudicial it might be to
the interests of such State, it would be bound by
it if the President shall approve it, or it should be
passed by a vote of two-thirds of both Houses;
but it has a right to demand that the President
sha.ll exercise his constitutional power, and arrest
it, if his judgment is against it. If he surrender
this power, or fail to exercise it in a case where he
cannot approve, it would make his formi approval
a mere mockery, and would be itself a violation of
the Constitution, and the dissenting State would
become bound by a law which had not been passed
according to the sanctions of the Constitution.
_ The objection to the exercise of the veto power
is founded upon an idea respecting the popular
will, which, if carried out, would annihilate State
sovereignty, and substitute for the present Federal
Government a consolidation, directed by a sun-
posed numerical majority. A revolution of the
( Government would be silently effected, and the
States would be subjected to laws to which they
had^ never given their constitutional consent.
Ihe Supreme Court of the United States is in-
vestedwith the power to declare, and has declared,
acts of Congress passed with the concurrence of
the Senate, the House of Representatives, and the
approval of the President, to be unconstitutional
• and void; and yet none, it is presumed, can be
l| found, who will be disposed to strip this highest
|j judicial tribunal under the Constitution of this
j! acknowledged power—a power necessaiy alike to
i its independence and tile rights of individuals.
! l i\ ^le sarr,e rPas°n that the .Executive veto
il should, according to the doctrine maintained, be
-rendered litigatory, and be practically expunged
i. from the Constitution, this power of the court
J should also be rendered nugatory and be expunged,
because it restrains the legislative and executive
! will, and because the exercise of such a power by
! the court may be regarded as being in conflict with
the capacity of the people to govern themselves.
1 Indeed, there is more reason for striking this
I rower of the court from' the Constitution than
| there is that of the qualified veto of the President;
| because the decision of the court is final, and can'
| never be reversed, even though both Houses of
I Congress and the President should be unanimous
