APPENDIX. TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. 9,
30th Cong 2a Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
at a nominal duty, on the 1st day of February next, <
into all their ports. Our protectionists now abandon ,
their former position, and maintain that it injures !
our farmers to purchase British fabrics at low !
prices, even though England will take our bread- \
stuffs at a nominal duty in exchange.
Wages can only be increased in any nation, in
the aggregate, by augmenting capita.!, the fund out
which wages are paid; and the capital gained by
saving in the diminished cost of production and
prices to the consumers, will invest itself in new
pursuits, necessarily augmenting the demand for
labor, and, as aconsequence, Us aggregate products
—profitsand wages. On the other hand, thedestruc-
tion or diminution of capital, by destroying: or [
reducing the fund from which labor is paid, must J
reduce wages. It is not, however, by the trans- '
fer of tiie same amount of capital by law, from one '
pursuit to another, that the aggregate capital and !
profits of national industry can be increased, but J
by the augmentation of capital, whether by saving 1
or otherwise; and the radical defect of the restric- '!
tive system is, that the tariff never augments cap- ij
ital, but simply changes the pursuits in which ■!
it is invested, and therefore can never augment ;|
wages. On the contrary, it must, in the aggregate, '
depress wages, by preventing a saving of capital i
for the employment of labor and the increase of its 1
wases. j
Our arguments for low duties, as has heretofore
been concedcd by our most distinguished protec- :!
tionists, insured the repeal of the British coin 'I
laws. Arguments here m favor of protection pre- ''
sent to all nations the supposed benefits of resttic- f,'
tion, and would therefore persuade them all to !(
enact high tariffs. Our argument in favor of free ■;
trade appeals to all nations to reduce their duties r
on our products; whereas our arguments for pro- ,
tection are reasons offered to all 'nations to raise !
the duties on our exports. Our aiguments would i'
persuade them all of the mutual benefits of recip- 1
roeal free trade, and teach the doctrine of interna- \
tional unity of interest; whereas the other atlempts !
to prove that their interests arc antagonistic*!, and j
will be best consulted by each inflicting the great- i1
est injury upon theothers, by high tariffs. Theone j!
would be read abroad in their legislative and ex- 1]
ecutive councils, in favor of a reduction of duties ]j
on our products; the other would be quoted in
favor of increasing such duties. j;
High tanfls should be most useful where they 'j
are the most effective. t Let us take the interior of j1
New York, remote, not only from the ocean, but
fiom railroads and canals. Now, if the duty were j1
twenty p'-r cent, on the import arriving at the city 1
of New \ork, or as vicinage, that city and its ,
neighborhood, by the protective theory, should be ■
more injured by the importation than the interior
of the Suite, the freight to whirh, on many foreign i
articles might add twenty per cent, to the cost, :|
making the whole enhancement of price forty per i
cent., and thus operating as a double protection m j
the interior, compared with the seaboard. Now, '!
if the restitctive theory be true, the resident of the p
imenor, being_ better protected—the tariff anil j;
freight on the foreign aitiele operating asadouble li
duly—should be moie prosperous than the rest- >
dent of the seaboard. But the farmer's pioduets
are hiiihest upon the seaboard, and lower at every [j
point as we retire from it—lower at Albany and
Buffalo; still lower at Erie, Cleveland, Detroit, n
Chicago, Lasalle; whilst the price of all the farmer
buys is proportionally enhanced; and nothing but 1
the fact that his lands are cheaper in proportion as i
they aie icmote from the foreign market enables!
him to sustain the competition. !
The piotective system is agrarian, and a war'
upon property. It attempts to organize labor and '■
capital by law, adding to the profits of one puisuii
by ieducing that of another. It is incompatible !;
with the security of capital or labor, for capital is ■ '
but the accumulation of the gains of Jabot; and,
therefore, whatever destroys the security or profits :j
of capital, results in an equal injury to labor. Be-
sides us mjui ions effects upon industry, it is an
arbitrtry and despotic power. And if the people
should become accustomed to its exercise, looking
for legislative support and protection, it would tei^ '
inmate in a struggle fot the division and distribu- 1
tion by C.ong'-e^a. every year, of property, profits,
ami capital, among the favored classes. No jegis- i
UUoji ot man can change the law of capital and li
wa?es, namely, that as capital augments, being
the source from which wages are paid, there will
be an increased demand for labor, and a conse-
quent addition to its reward. Capital and wages
are the weights in the opposite sides of the scale,
vibrating under unchanging laws—wages ascend-
ing as capital is augmented, and descending as
capital is reduced. If, then, we would augment
] wages, as every lover of mankind must desire, we
J must increase capital, winch no tariff or organiza-
; tion of labor can effect, although it may transfer
; capital from one pursuit to another—always di-
; mmishing the aggregate profits, when the transfer
| is forced by law.
| The belief is erroneous, that as manufacturers
increase in number, skill, capital, and products,
! they will perpetuate high tariffs. When they attain
1 this condition, and their fabrics exceed the home
! demand, they will desire fiee trade to open to them
the fuieign markets. In England this is now the
case, and their manufacture!s are the great advo-
: cates of free trade, as our manufactuiers in time
| will be, and ultimately unite with all other classes
! in desiring the abandonment of all tariffs and cus-
j tom-houses, and the repeal of all restrictions on
commerce.
Congress having extended the revenue laws to
Oregon, and created Astoria the port for that dis-
trict, the revenue cutter Cornelius W. Lawrence
was ordered to that coast, under the command of
Captain Alexander V. Fraser, an officer of talents,
zeal, and fidelity. The coast survey was also ex-
tended there, and through its aid buoys will be
located and lighthouses constructed, as directed by
Congress. The revenue laws not having been |
extended to California, no duties could be collected ,
there, but the department exercised all its authority ,
by issuing the circular hereto annexed, (mai ked Y,)
opening tree trade under the Constitution between |
its ports and those of the rest of the Union, at the '
same tune guarding the revenue from loss as far as 1
practicable. It is recommended that besides Asto-
ria, collection districts be authorized at San Diego, j
Monteiey, Puget Sound, and San Francisco, on ,
the Pacific. j
Our maritime frontier upon the Pacific is now '
nearly equal to our Atlantic coast, with many ex- i
cedent bays and harbors, admirably situated to i
command the trade of Asia and of the whole west- '
ern coast of America, whilst our coastwise trade 1
between the Atlantic, the Gulf, and Pacific, must ;
soon become of great value. Congress having ;
directed this department to recommend such meas- j,
ures as will increase our commerce and revenue, it j
is suggested that if we desire a lucrative trade, and i
augmented revenue from our Pacific coast, this j
object can best be accomplished by many addi- 1
tional steamships upon that ocean, as well as upon ^
the Atlantic and the Gulf. Beneficial as this sys- 'i
tern has proved upon the Atlantic and the Gulf, in
augmenting our commerce and revenue, our ton- !i
nageand navigation, it is still better adapted to the 'j
Pacific, and the long voyages along its shores, and ;j
to Asia. This tranquil ocean, as indicated by its j'
name, more subject to calms, is better adapted to
steam than the more boisterous Atlantic, and with ;!
lews danger of injury to the machinery. The calms
of the Pacific, sootten retarding the sailing-vessel, jj
make shorter and safer the voyage of the steam- ji
ship; whilst at other periods the trade winds blow- j;
for months continuously in onednection, not !■
affecting the course of the steamer, but forcing p
sailing-vessels so many thousands of miles out !!
of their way, render steam necessary to the
profitable navigation ot that ocean. From all these '
causes, tjje Pacific must become the principal ,
theatre of the peaceful triumphs of the great ex-
pansive power of steam, and we must extend its •,[
use there, under our own flag, if we would desire '
to contend successfully with other nations for the 1
trade and specie of Asia and western America. ;
Our imports from Asia, such as teas, silks, and
chicfly costly articles, are still better adapted for :■
the steamships than heavy products. The time i!
required in crossing twice the tropics and the
equator from our Atlantic ports to Asia, m the !l
long voyage of the sailing-vessel, is felt severely,
not_ only in the loss of interest, and in the less ,
rapid circulation of capital and realization of prof- ''
its, but in the stiii greater loss m arriving at home
too late with the cargo, and thereby losing the
maiket, or at least a better price; and this loss of
j time and interest, of pricc and markets, is as great
I m the return as m the outward passage.
j The voyage by steam from our Atlantic ports to
Asia, by the route of Chagres and Panama, with
j a railroad to be constructed by private enterprise
| across the isthmus, would soon be accomplished
in a month, instead of three or four months, and
the gam of time in our coastwise trade between
both oceans would be still greater. In ancient
and iri modern times, the cities and nations that
secured the trade of Asia were greatly enriched.
This has occurred successively with Tyre, Sidon,
j Carthage, Alexandria, Venice, Genoa, Lisbon,
l Amsterdam, and London; whilst this rich tiafHc
I built up large cities even in the midst of deserts,
| in the caravan route of the track through which
1 it passed. With our front upon both oceans and
: the Gulf, aided by steamships, by low duties, and
j by shortening the voyage by the isthmus route, as
presented in my annual reports of December, 1846,
I and December, 1847, we may secure this com-
merce, and with it, in time, the command of the
trade of the world. We may also extend our
commerce with all the countries bordering upon
the coast of Western America, richer than all
others in the precious metals, and abounding in
articles which wc desire but do not produce; whilst
j new and vast markets will be opened there for our
i products and manufactures, and the number and
! profits of our whale ships greatly increased. Dis-
; tant now as are our possessions upon the Pacific,
I if we would desire to extend to them the benefits
1 and blessings of the American Union, and unite
! them with us in the bonds of an ever augmenting
1 commerce and intercourse, there is at present
, nothing but steamships that can perform these
| impoitmit duties in connection with a railroad
I across the Isthmus of Panama. Such a road
1 would always be useful for our trade from the At-
lantic and the Gulf with the western coast of Amer-
ica, and, at least for heavy products, with Asia,
and especially with that portion of it near to or
south of the equator, with the islands in the In-
dian Ocean, and with Australia. Even at some
distant period, a railroad should unite the Atlantic,
the Gulf, and the Mississippi, with our harbors
upon the Pacific. That such a road will be made
at some future period, upon the most practicable
route, is not doubted; although, from the time and
capital required, its completion unfortunately may
be remote ; but the railroad which private enter-
prise could build within a year or two across the
isthmus, would answer all our present purposes,
and would at. once bring New York within ten
days of the Pacific, and within thirty days of
China, and New Orleans still nearer; maintaining
also the important communication between our
own harbors on the Atlantic, the Gulf, and the
Pacific.
The estimates required by law from this depart-
ment for the revenue likely to accrue from foreign
commerce with all our ports, including those upon
the Pacific, must depend upon future events. If
private enterprise should soon construct the rail-
road across the Isthmus, if an adequate number of
steamships in continuation of the beneficial system
already commenced should facilitate the trade
between Asia and our Pacific ports, bringing them
within twenty days of China, with the best steamers
in sufficent number, starling at regular periods from
the Atlantic and the Gulf to Chagres, and from
Oregon and California to Panama, to Asia, and to
the whole western coast of America, the commerce
of all our ports would be incalculably increased,
and the levetiue collected on the Pacific rise in a
few years to several millions of dollars per annum.
Nor is it only with these nations of Asia, with
whom we already have treaties, that the steam-
ship would increase our commerce; but it would
introduce it, together with diplomatic relations, into
vast regions of the East, with whom we have
formed no treaties, estimated to contain one hun-
dred and thirty-five millions of people. Many of
these are large and populous empires, abounding
m specie, and many articles which we need, but
do not produce, and desiring also our products
and manufactures in exchange. Among those
empires with whom we have no treaties, and little
or no trade, are Persia, Corea, Cochin China,
Birmah, and Japan, with whom nothing but the
steamship can successfully introduce our com-
merce. Among these is Japan, highly advanced
