1848.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
15
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
in civilization, containing fifty millions of people, i
separated but two weeks by steam from our western j
coast. Its foreign trade is now nearly confined to '
two Dutch vessels, although it is separated from J
Holland by eighteen thousand miles,and from our |
Pacific coast only by 4,500 miles. Its commerce I
can be secured to us by persevering and peaceful j
efforts. Our steamships would pass on their way j
to China, through the narrow channel separating '1
the two great islands composing the empire of ;j
Japan,"monthly or weekly, m sight of both their j]
coasts, and by thus familiarizing them with our,1
mercantile marine, extending their knowledge,
overcoming their prejudice, and opening to them ,
new views of their own true interests, would soon ;
unseal their ports to our commerce. 1
The acquioHion of our immense coast upon the
Pacific, and the introduction there of our steam-
ships, especially when private enterprise shall -
unite the oceans by an isthmus route, would, as
remarked in my annual report of December, 1846,
" revolutionize in our favor the commerce of the world,
' and more rapidly advance our greatness, icealth, and .
{power than any event which has occurred since the
* adoption of the Constitution." The same great
subject was again referred to in my annual report i
of December, 1847, as "anew commercial era," ;
requiring " ocean steamers in addition to sailing res- ;
seis," as connecting us " with Chinu, containing \
neatly one-third of the population of the globe." j
Our ports upon the Gulf, with those upon both 1
oceans fronting upon Europe from the east and 1
Asia from the west, occupying the central position
between all the continents of the globe, nearer to 1
them all by convenient routes than any other na- 1
tion, including an easy access to the whole interior j
of our own country,—we want only the ocean ■
steamships of adequate strength, speed, and num- j
bcrs, to give to us the command of the trade of all j
nations. Nor should we forget, that in carrying '
our trade among the gtcat and populous nations j
of Asia, and facilitating intercourse with that vast ■
region, passing from coast to coast in the short ,
period of twenty days, with monthly or weekly j
steamships, the light of Christianity, following the ;
path of commerce, would return with all its bless- j
mgs to the East, from which it rose. j
In those regions commerce must be the pre-
cursor of Christianity—commerce, which teaches ,
peace and intercourse between nations; which de- ;
clares that man is not the enemy of man, nor na- j
tion of nation, but that the intelest of all countries ,
and of all mankind are identical, and that they will j
all advance must lapidly under the genial influence I
of an unrestricted reciprocal trade and intercourse.
By our recent acquisition on the Pacific, Asia
has suddenly become our neighbor, with a placid .
intervening ocean, inviting our steamships upon a 1
track of a commerce greater than that of all Europe j
combined. This commerce is ours* if our mer- i
chants and Government should, by their united ]
energies, secure for us with Asia a rapid and fre- j
qucnt communication by steam. Our products f
and our manufactures, and especially our coarse |
cotton fabrics, aie precisely what aie desired by j
several hundred millions of their people, who will j
send us back in return their specie and their rich j
productions, so few ofwhrch are raised within our 1
limits. From out coast on the Pacific, as well as j
from the Gulf and the Atlantic, and the Isthmus
route, we would be much nearer to the west coast !
of America, as well as Asia, than any European :
Power; and with the best steamships in adequate
number, with the greater certainty of the voyage, :
of the period ofamvat and departure, and economy j
of time, and saving of interest, and with diminished
cost of carnage, we would ultimately supply the
western coast of America, as well as Asia, with
our products and manufactures on better terms
than any European nation. We would in time
receive the productions of the East in exchange,
not only for our own consumption, but to be ware-
housed m our ports as entrepots for the supply of
Europe. And so far as European fabrics should
reach Asia and the western coast of America,
they would ultimately pass chielly tlnough our
hands as factors, and in our vessels, events which
would very soon give us the command of the trade
and specie of the woild. From these great events
the whole country would derive •vast benefits, but
especially the city of New York; it would become
the depot, and storehouse, and entrepot of the com-
merce of the world; the centre of business and ex- j
changes; the clearing-house of international trade i
and business; the place where assorted cargoes of our '
own products and manufactures, as well as those of
all foreign countnes, would be sold and reshipped;
and the point to which specie and bullion would
flow, as the great creditor city of the woild, for the
adjustment of balances, as the factor of all nations,
and the point whence this specie would flow into
the interior of our country through all the great
channels of internal trade and intercourse. With
these great events accomplished, and with abun-
dant facilities for the warehousing of foreign and
domestic goods at New York, it must eventuality .
surpass in wealth, in commerce, and population, !
any European emporium; whilst, as a necessary '
consequence, all our other cities, and every portion !
of the Union, and all our great interests, would i
derive corresponding advantages. Our merchants, I
as must have been expected in any new enterprise,
encountered some difficulties in putting their first
lines ot steamships into full and successful opera- i
tion, but these obstacles they are rapidly over-
coming. They encountered similar difficulties in 1
the commencement of their first line of packet- i
ships, which soon, however, outstripped those of j
all other countnes; and the same success, with a
liberal governmental policy in the outset of their .
great enterprise, will soon follow, as regards their
ocean steamships. j
In view of the rapidly augmenting trade between j
our ports on both oceans, I recommend that an act i
be passed by Congress, under which all products j
and fabrics may cross the Isthmus of Panama, ,
under the provisions of our most important recent j
treaty with New Granada; that foreign goods may ,
be taken from our warehouses, and landed in our;
purts on either ocean, or the Gulf, m the same
manner that goods now warehoused m any port '
may be taken into and re-warehoused m another. ;
To prevent frauds on the revenue, it will be neces- |
sary to provide for the appointment of agents or 1
consuls to reside at Chagres and Panama, in the '
same manner as now authorized by Congress in i
regard to Chihuahua, under the act of 3d of March, ;
. 1845. i
If this should not be done, our commerce will ;
: be forced twelve thousand miles out of its course, 1
! through the long voyage around Cape Hoi n. The ,
! draw back o&thc duties on foreign goods exported
to Chihuahua, by the routes of Missouri, Arkan-
sas, and Red River, should be extended to that by ,
the Rio Grande, as well as to such other routes
through Texas as may be found safe and practi-
cable. A port of entry should be established at
the mouth of the Rio Grande, as well as at such ,
other points on that river as may be necessary to ,
guard our revenue laws from invasion on that j
frontier, and to secure the interior trade with Mex- i
ico. The drawbacks of duty should also be al-!
lowed on goods exported to Monterey and Saltillo, j
and perhaps othei important interior towns in ,
Aiexico, on the same considerations as are no\v '
| applicable to Chihuahua. In recommending the !
! regulations before referred to, for the transit of .
j goods across the Isthmus of Panama, I would j
1 respectfully suggest the extension of the same
I privileges to tiie routes by the Mexican isthmus
i of Tehuantepec, by Lake Nicaragua, by the Rio
1 Atiato and San Juan, to go into eliect whenever |
j the same rightof transit can be obtained trom ocean ,
I to ocean. Some, if not all of these routes, may ,
■ be traversed by railroads, and may become import- (
, ant, as well as that by Chagres from Panama, for j
! our foreign and coastwise commerce between the 1
! two great oceans, as well as for the interior trade
! with Mexico, New Granada, and Cential Ameuca;
i and the uans.it by the Mexican isthmus would
: be highly advantageous to the whole country, but
] especially to the valley of the Mississippi and its
j great depot, the city of New Orleans, so near the
, Pacific, by that new and important route. In con-
I nection, aiso, with our supply ot tiie piecious
; metals trom the interior of those countries, as well
j as from Peru and Chili, and the tiansportation of
■ our own gold and other minerals from California,
: these routes may all bccomc useful.
ji The collector of San Diego should be authorized
II to appoint a deputy at some point in our temtory
,, as near as may be to the junction of the rivers
Gila and Colorado, at the head of the Gulf of
ii California, with a view to our future trade on that
gulf, as authorized by the recent treaty with Mex-
ico, in connection with Lower California and the
adjoining Mexican States, Sonora and Sinaloa, so
rich in the precious metals, and containing the
important ports of Guayamas and Mazatlan.
I renew the recommendation heretofore made by
me, for reciprocal free trade between the Canadas
and the United States, in all articles of the growth,
manufacture, or production of either country.
I recommend also the passage of a law tendering
a similar reciprocity to Mexico, It is known that
the Canadas, with the conseftt of Great Britain,
(and it is behe\ed New Brunswick also, ad]oinmg
New England,) would cheerfully accept this reci-
procity.
The advantages to the Canadas would he great,
as well as to our ports on the Lakes, the St. Law-
rencc, and the Atlantic, accompamcd by increased
tolls and business on our intermediate railroads
; and ranals.
| With our neighboring Republic of Mexico, now
; re\isinsr her tariff, so rich in precious metals and
' dye-stuffs, and otherrawmatenal of manufactures,
1 with whom it is our true interest to encourage the
, most friendly relations, and reciprocal and unre-
stricted commcrce—although she may nor at once
enact a reciprocal .statute, yet it is clearly her
inteie&t to do so; and with such an offer standing
upon our statute book, it would receive the atten-
tion of that republic, and m time be adopted; and,
[ meanwhile, it would present to Mexico the best
j evidence of our anxious desire to maintain with
' her the most friendly relations, together with fn&e
| and leciprocal commerce and intercourse.
! The Mexican tariff prepared by this department
j and enforced by the President of the United States,
with a view of military contributions in Mexico,
added several millions of dollars to our means
during the recent contest, as well as aided the
credit and loans of the Government. It was a new
but most salutary example set to belligerents in all
future wars, not to destroy their own commerce
and that of neutral and friendly Powers, by em-
i bargoes, and blockades of the ports of the enemy;
! but to dimmish the evils and losses of wars, by
! encouraging our own commerce, and that of all the
rest of the world, with the enemy's ports at more
'1 moderate duties, at the same time devolving upon
■ ; our enemy, instead of our own people, as large a
' portion as practicable of the burdens and expense
i of the contest, so as to bring it to a speedy and
.1 honorable conclusion.
This example so favorable to neutral nations,
!' mitigating so much the losses of wars, substituting
i commerce instead of embargoes and blockades,
j was viewed with high satisfaction by all the Pow-
j! ers with whom we were at peace, and is behoved
!j at the same time to have had no inconsiderable
I influence in accelerating the peace with Mexico.
! This measure was a step in advance of the prog-
S rc.ss of commerce and civilization. It was an ox-
j ample worthy to be set to all nations by the United
! States, and was so warmly approved by all coun-
j tries, that if, unfortunatety ■ for mankind, wars
! should hereafter occur, and especially a general
; European war, (the danger of which many appre-
hend to be imminent,) this American precedent
would probably be adopted by other Poweis leav-
ing all ports of the enemy open to neutral com-
; merce, and the consequent gain to our country
' incalculable.
I We should not only have gained the grf*at pnn-
' ciple foi which we have so long contended, that
fiec shins make free goods, m trading with the
ports of a neutral when in her own possession, but
we should also terminate the system of actual as
well as paper blockades, and leave our commerce
uninterrupted in the ports of all the belligerents.
This consideration is rendered more momentous
by the fact, that our future position, it is hoped, in
all time to come will be that of a neutral, and that,
as the result in part of our wonderful military
. power displayed inourrecentglonousachievements
and unparalleled victories, as well as from the de-
I j velnpmentof our extraordinary moneyed resources,
,1 (more than one hundred millions of dollars having
been offered by our own capitalists, at a premium,
for a Government six per cent, stock, upon adver-
tisements for less than one-half of thai sum,) we
shall be pctmitted to enjoy hereafter the blessings
of uninterrupted peace with ail the woild.
li Among the important results of that reduced
