16
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. 9,
30th CoiNtg 2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Senate & Mo. of Reps.
Mexican tariff, as prepared by this department, is
the light thrown by its operations upon the com-
merce and revenue of Mexico, and the demonstra-
tion that both would be augmented by its provis-
ions. So strong has been the effect produced, that
a proposition to remove the prohibitions on nearly
all our exports to Mexico, existing under the old
system, was carried in one House at the recent
session of the Mexican Congress, leaving, it is
hoped, only the details to be perfected at some
future session; a measure that would open new
markets to our product's and fabrics, prove highly
beneficial to Mcxico, and unite the neighboring
republics in the more intimate and friendly rela-
tions of an ever-increasing reciprocal commerce
and intercourse.
I renew the recommendation contained in all my
annual reports for the establishment ot a branch of
the mint of the United States at the city of jNew
York. That city, our great commercial metrop-
olis, is advancing to itsultimate position (so im-
portant to the whole country) as the emponum of
universal commerce, the centre of international
exchanges, and the storehouse of the products of
the world. To attain this result, we must secure
for our great emporium (in competition with for-
eign cities) the command of her due proportion of
coin and bullion. Now, it is clear, that where
bullion cannot be coined, and no recomage can
take place, this cannot be accomplished. America
is the great continent of the precious metals; they
are now found m extraordinary quantities m our
own Union, and to a vast extent in countries ad-
jacent: yet nearly all this coin and bullion are
diverted to other countnes, and especially to Great
Britain, being one of the chief instruments ill aid-
ing that country ill maintaining her command of
the business of the world. By steamships, and
by exports of her own products and fabrics, she
accumulates coin and bullion in London, and pro-
vides for their coinage and reeoinage in the least
time, and without expense; and yet, in our com-
mercial emporium, we have no mint, or even a
branch mint, for the tmportantprocessofeomageor
reeoinage. If we would command the commerce of
all nations, it must be through some one American
commercial emporium, the great centre of our own
trade and business. The history of our trade de-
monstrates that some such great point is indispens-
able to enable any nation to command universal
commerce; and that such concentration at some
one city, instead of injuring other cities or pans
of the shine country, is of immense benefit to all. !
There cannot be two or more financial centres of I
the foreign commerce of any one nation, any more
than tlieie can be two or more centres of a circle. '
The same principle of the centre of trade of a nation
applies to the trade of the world. There can be but
one such centre for the woild, and but one for each
nation, which, in this countiy, horn natural causes,
must be New York, where the competition must
soon commence with foreign cities for the control
of international commerce. Now, as the com- j
mand of the specie of the world is of immense i
benefit to our whole country, and can only be se- ,
cored by making one of our own cities the centre J
of universal commerce, it is indispensable to i
success in this great American enterprise, that '
specie and bullion should be invited from all the i
woild to New York, not by any unjust advan- |
tages, bin by giving to it equal facilities with our I
other eitics for coinage and lecoinage. !
It is not for New York meiely, or for its com-
merce, that this mint is desired, but for the benefit
of the whole Union. The storehouse of the goods
and products of the Union must become tiie stoie-
Iiouse of its specie; where the commerce and goods
are, there the representatives of their value must be
also; and there also should be every facility which
a mint would give for incieasing their circulating
values, and for bringing them into immediate and
active use in any foim which might be desired. It
is ill vain to say that the specie or bullion brought
by our commerce to New York can be sent to a
distant point where tbeie is a mint, with but little
delay, i isk, or expense. It is clear theie must be
some risk, delay, and expense, operating as a tax
oil the business of our commercial emporium, arid
to that extent rendering unequal her contest with
European cities for universal commerce. Coinage j
and recomage should be immediate, without any |
! , expense, or delay; and it might be said as I
regards merchandise, with nearly the same truth as and especially the large amount brought by emi-
ts urged in the relation to specie, that it would be | grants into the Union, estimated at eight millions
no injury to the commerce of the Union if light and : per annum; but is used chiefly, so far as regards
costly articles would be sent at but trifling expense, |, other cities, for that of the Government; whereas
risk, or delay, from New York to some distant H it ought to be the mint of the Government anil
city, there be stamped, marked, or labeled, and people, and for the benefit of both, and can only
returned to New York for sale and distribution in i fully become so by the location of a branch as rec-
the general markets of our own country or of the ; ommended. The amount of foreign coin lecoineil
world. It seems to be forgotten by those who pre-! at Philadelphia, from 1st March, 1845, to 30th
sent such arguments, that in a great commercial November, 1848, on transferred ordeisor deposue
capital, where business to the amount of millions : by officers of this Government, directed by me
of dollars is transacted from ten to three o'clock, | was (per table a, hereto annexed, $11,463,181—
how important time is, where the delay of a day, ; being nearly equal to the whole remaining coinage
nay, often an hour, may be most disastrous, and ^ there, during the same period, including plate and
j bullion.
The branch mint would be most important as
j auxiliary to the operations of the constitutional
j treasury, for the present assistant treasurer at
New York would then become the treasurer of the
. m i - j in , " , branch mint, and perform both functions precisely
i; P°rta,lc<!; The trade in bullion and specie ill itself j as js now i|one at Philadelphia and New Orleans,,
j; one great branch of commerce indispensable in the j, saving the expense of an increase of officers, pre-
I transaction of business and especially of interna- venting double entries and payments, and simph-
, 10"al exchange, already exists to a great extent j fyin^ the operations of the Government,and savin"-
j, mINew York, but is limited,in difiusmgits benefits, I t0 the Government and the merchant the risk and
II t° American commerce andexchanges, by the want cost of the double custody and transfer from the
I of ammt. Now, it is subject to expense, risk, and !: collector to the assistant treasurer. From the 1st
dc ay to put into a form or cumulating value, that j januaiyi 1847 t0 30th November, 1848, the mer-
delay being itself a gieut loss of capital; whilst the | 1  
change the balance of profit to loss. Merchants ;
and men of business should be peimitted to ex-
change their bullion or foreign com for American '
in a few hours or moments, as could be done at a
mint, or receive at once mint certificates of deposite,
which often might be to them of the greatest iin- '
chants of New York paid to the collector (per table
L) for duties the sum of $3o,300,678 36 in specie,
beinsj two-thirds the aggregate payment in specie
for duties in the Union. Yet whilst the Govern-
ment exacted from these merchants this immense
sum in specie for duties, it refuses them even a
branch of the mint where bullion can be cotncd, or
foreign coin recomed, the mere establishment of
which would attract there so much specie, and
render the payment of this large amount so much
more easy. The amount of specie received by the
assistant treasurer at New York, from the 1st
v„ i"". •' V   :• January, 1847, to 30th November, 1848, was
York, to give activity to our specie circulating capi- , §57,328,369; and the coin disbursed by !nm there
TlTT' ?g " 81 01106 T Amerrcan corn, , dunng the same perlod> wa5. $55 49c oe9; makl '
r Ibf r importance to the whole Union j, a„ a?gregale of §112,824,638, (per table It.) With
Credit, when based on real capital, is highly , a branch mint at New York, the transaction of
: beneficial to the commerce of the country; and • business would be undisturbed by the opeiations
1 specie is one of the main pillars upon which credit.; of the constitutional treasury. 7 1
can repose with assured confidence. And we must i it is true; that even wlt£ sueh a bmnch
the collection of duties in specie would operate as
foreign coin, consisting of denominations unknown
to the great body of our people, is almost useless
,j for the purpose of general circulation. It is the
■; rapidity of the circulition of com that gives it its
chief value, and accumulates capital by the speedy
realization of piofirs. And the American eagle or
■ half eagle, and one other decimal coinage, might m
a few mouths perform more of the Junctions of
. money, and pas>. more rapidly through a greater ,
variety of htirids, that) if it weie m some foreign '
, and unknown com, which would not circulate j
, among our people. Hence it is that a mint at New
j have that specie as the basis of such a credit at i
j our commercial emporium, if we lndeefrdesire to '
j make it the centre of international exchanges,
j With a view to augment the circulation of our
! own coin in our own country, this department has
, arrested, as far as practicable, the payment of
J foreign coin out of the treasury, requiring it to be !
lecoincd into American coin, by which means it,1
has been enabled, between the 1st March, 1845, 1
and the 30th October, 1848, to com at our mints '
(per table K) the sum of $38,717,709 22, which, :
from the 1st of March, 1845, to the 1st of March,
; 1849, must exceed $40,000,000—being a larger
j sum than was coined m thirty-eight years preced- ,
ing, from 1793 to 1830, inclusive^ j
But whilst the department will have coined from i
the 1st March, 1845, to 1st March, 1849, more \
than" $40,000,000, the amount would have been !
augmented to the extent of several millions of dol- 1
lars every year, if there had been a branch of the j
mint at the crty ofNew York. This is proved by
the fact, that most of the foreign coin sent from j
New York and other points to Philadelphia for 1
recomage, has been that portion which was re-
ceived for Government dues, and transferred main-
ly, not by the people or merchants, but by the
order of this department, from the several Gov-
ernment depositories; and but little corn compar-
atively has gone from j\Tew Yoik, transmitted
voluntarily by individuals for reeoinage, to Phila-
a check, riot upon the issues, but upon the over-
issues of their banks—a gentle and nsost useful
check,restraining theirover-issues.and mitigating,
if not preventing, those revulsions which are sure
to ensue when the business of the banks, and, as
a consequence, that of the country, is unduly ex-
tended. Credit is useful, and most abundant orly
when it is based upon capital arid specie, and a
legitimate business and commerce. But when it
;'s stretched beyond those limits, it necessarily pro-
duces revulsions, disastrous not only to the parties
I involved, but to the commerce and business of
l! the whole country. It is this fnial tendency to
I, over-issues, and the too great and dangerous er;-
i tension of their business, which constitutes the
I gieatest objection to our bank'ing system; and
, those banks which are based on sound capital, and
desire to conduct their business advantageously to
j themselves and to the country, ought 'to rejoice
.that such others as would transcend these limits
j are checked and restrained by the demand for
s coin, created by the specie-receiving and specie-
I circulating constitutional treasury.
; During the year 1847, when more than twenty-
four millions of specie were brought into thecouu-
; tiy, and to a gteat extent paid in for duties and
j loans to the Government, had this coin gone into
the banks as under the old State bank deposite
system, to a great extent it must—and have been
delphia. Individuals will not, to any great extent, . macie the basis of an inflatedcurrencv"f{i7exceed
subject themselves to the nsk^expense, and delay ing that of 1836 k wou,d ^
merce or by emigration, now a very large sum,
would ail be changed into American coin, if there
was a mint at that city.
Having no branch at the great centre of Amer-
ican commerce, our mint, notwithstanding the
gieai ability and fidelity with which its business is
conducted at Philadelphia, is not, to the extent it
astrous than that of ]837. The fall would have
been from a greater inflation to a lower depression,
the intensity of the disaster being augmented by
the loans and expenses of a foreign war, by the
drain of specie to sustain immense armies in for*
eign countnes, by depreciation of Government
, M, . • * r\i i ' i . - i loans and the fall of the Government credit. The
should be, the mm of the people, and convenient pabi,c credit, under that system, bein-inseparably
for the coinage of their bullion and foreign coin, IJ e0n nested with that of the banks as itsdepositories^
