1848.]
APPENDfX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
17
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
New Series No 2.
the Government having no spccie, and depending
upon their paper, i&s credit must have fallen with
that of the banks, as happened in 1837, and during
the war of 1812; and loans for specie (which were
indispensable) could only have been obtained,as
they were during that war, at ruinous discounts,
amounting to millions of dollars per annum. In-
stead of these sacrifices, the public credit was
maintained throughout the war, and its stocks sold
for high premiums instead of ruinous discounts;
the total premium realized by me for the Govern-
ment being $555,511 39 A system which has
operated so beneficially, both in war and in
- peace, must, in the main, be wise and salutary;
but it would be still more so, if the amendments
heretofore recommended by the department were
adopted, especially as regards the securities for
disbursements, (without which the system is not
safe,) and the establishment of a branch mint at
New York, as a most important auxiliary.
With these amendments, affecting none of the
principles of the bill, and especially its specie
receiving and specie circulating clauses, it would
so commend itself to the whole country, and prove
so beneficial to its industry, commerce, and busi-
ness, as to become our settled policy, undisturbed
by complaint or opposition from any quarter.
Annexed will be fotqid tables (marked U and V,)
communicating, in compliance with the 22d sec-
tion of the act of the 28th of January, 1847, the
information required by that act as regards the
issue, redemption, purchase, and reissue of treas-
ury notes. Statement W shows the payments
into the treasury on account of the loan of 1848.
Statement X shows the amount of specie paid into
the treasury from all sources, from the 1st of Jan-
uary, 1847, to the 31st of October, 1848, amount-
ing to pi,484,823 55; and the disbursements in
specie, during: the same period, amounting to
$92,142,512 39; making an aggregate, during that
period, of receints and disbuisements in specie,
of #183,027,335*94.
Under the act of the 3lst of March last, autho-
rizing a .loan for a sum not exceeding sixteen
millions of dollars, the department, on the 17th of
April last, and for sixty days thereafter, advertised
the proposals, a3 per copy hereunto annexed,
marked S. Ihis advertisement was published for
sixty days, not only in the several newspapers in
this city, but also m the papers publishing the
laws as 'authorized in each of the States; and, with
a view to more extensive circulation, in each of
the daily papers of the principal cities of the
Union. The proposals were also made known to
our ministers and consuls in tfce principal cities of
Great Britain and the continent, wherever it was
believed the premium mightbeenhanced, and bids
extended by their efforts. The notice was not
inserted in the newspapers until the 17th April,
because, by the third section of the act, it was
declared that the advertisement should be pub-
lished " not more than sixty, nor less than twenty
days from the time of the first insertion of said
advertisement in one or two newspapers in the
city of Washington." If, then, upon the day the
law passed, or the day succeeding, the loan had
been advertised, the time for opprling the proposals
«must have terminated by the lsfst of May or first
of June. The department, however, upon the
information before it, felt persuaded that the treaty
of peace which had been approved by the Senate,
' would be ratified by Mexico; but that in all proba- i
bility the intelligence of the ratification could not
reach here by the last of May or the first of June,
but that it would be received before the middle'of
June, and consequently, if the advertisement were
immediately inserted and the proposals opened
by the last of May or the first of June, the
Government, in the absence of the news of the
ratification of the treaty by Mexico, would neces-
sarily sell the loan upon much less advantageous
terms, and at a probable sacrifice of several hun-
dred thousand dollars of premium to the Govern-
ment. Under these circumstances, the department
assumed the responsibility of delaying inserting
tire advertisement until the 17th of April, allowing
the longest period from that date authorized by
law for opening the proposals, namely, the 17th
of June, some days before which period I was
confident that official intelligence of the ratifica-
tion, by Mexico, of the treaty would be received
here. The result justified these anticipations. The
intelligence of the ratification of the treaty was not
received here by the last of Mayor first of June,
nor in fact until a few days before the 17th of June,
when it was immediately made known officially,
by telegraph and otherwise, and the Government,
received the full benefit, in negotiating the loan, of
the universal knowledge of the final ratification of
the treaty of peace with Mexico. Upon the 17th
of June, at the appointed hour, the seals were
broken and the bids opened by the Chief Clerk of
this department, in my presence and that of the
bidders and the public, the bids recorded, and the
loans awarded, of course, to the highest bidders.
The total amount bid, together with the names
of the successful and unsuccessful bidders, will be
found in the statement hereto annexed,marked M.
The whole premium obtained on that stock, it will
be perceived, was $487,168 66, which was the
more extraordinary, inasmuch, on reference to the
prices current, it will be found that the entire sale
of the sixteen millions of ^stock, in a single day,
exceeded the rate at which the Government six per
cent, twenty years' stock, exclusive of interest and
brokerage, was then selling in small sums in the
market.
It being made by law the duty of this depart-
ment to devote its attention to "the support of
public credit," as well as to lithe improvement
and management ofjhc revenue," it is proper to re-
mark, that this Government has paid punctually at
all times the public debt.at its maturity, as well
as the accruing interest, never suspending for a
moment of time in the -discharge of either when
due. Such has been the attachment of the Amer-
ican people to this the Government of their choice,
such their regard for honor and good faith, that
however severe the trial or sacrifice, they have
liquidated, as they fell due, all the debts of the
Union.
A table, certified by the Register of the Treasury,
is hereto annexed, marked N, showing our popu-
lation from 1790 to the present period every year;
our debt; our receipts from? loans and treasury
notes; our revenue each year, exclusive of loans
and treasury notes, as well as from these loans and
notes; and the principal and interest of debt paid
each year, as well as the total amount. It is an
official record, which every American may read
with pride and satisfaction. It shows, that when-
ever it was necessary to pay the debt, and sustain
the honor of the country, the people cheerfully
submitted not merely to duties on imports, but to
direct taxes and excises to the amount of many
millions of dollars every year; and that even when
our population was sparse and our moneyed re-
sources extremely limited, the debts of the coun-
try were always punctually discharged after the
adoption of the Constitution, both principal and
■interest, at their maturity.
In 1790 we assumed the debt of the Revolution,
determined that the honor of the nation should be
preserved stainless and unsullied. That debt then
assumed was $75,463,476 52, being equal to a debt
at this date of more than §377,000,000, according
to population, and nearly six times greater, accord-
ing to population, than our present debt. At that
date, the country, exhausted by a seven years' war,
and weakened by internal difficulties growing out
of the feeble character of the old Confederation,
had scarcely commenced her onward career to
greatness, wealth, and power; yet this debt was
voluntarily assumed as a matter of honor, and it
was paid, including principal and interest, punc-
tually, without failure or suspension.
Again, at the close of the war of 1812, our debt
in 1816 was $127,334,933 74, a portion of H bear-
ing an interest of 7 per cent.; yet that debt also
was not only fully paid in 1B36, both principal and
interest, but the Government,# after liquidating all
its engagements, had a surplus left in the treasury
of $28,101,644 91, which was deposited with the
States for safe-keeping, who may be called upon
to return it to the Government of the Union, should
the emergency ever require its use; which is most
improbable. At that date, the country had been
exhausted by a prolonged and severe struggle with
the greatest Power of the world, and its commerce
almost annihilated by blockades and embargoes.
Its population then was 8,678,000, and conse-
quently, according to population, the debt of that
date would be equivalent to a debt at the present
period of upwards of three hundred and eight
millions of dollars, or nearly five times as great
as our present debt; yet that debt of 1816 was
not only punctually paid within twenty years
thereafter, but a surplus, as we have seen, of more
than twenty-eight millions of dollars deposited
with the States. If, then, in twenty years, under
such circumstances and with such a population
and resources, we could pay a debt of that mag-
nitude, and have a surplus of twenty-eight mil-
lions, within how short a period may we liqui-
date our present engagements? By reference to
this table, it will be -seen that from 1790 to the
present period, including the reimbursement of
treasury notes, we have paid a public debt, inclu-
ding interest, amounting to a totality of upwards of
five hundred millions of dollars. By reference to
the same table, it appears that our revenue, during
the same period, derived from sources otheikthan
loans or treasury notes, was upwards of eleven
hundred and thirty-six millions of dollars. It wilt
be perceived that our present debt, including the
whole of the loan yet to be paid in, and deducting
the purchase directed by this department of about
$500,000 of the public debt within the last few
weeks, would be about §65,278,450 41, (see table
O,) but to which must be added about $26,000 for
Mexican and bounty land scrip. Our whole debt
including the loan \',et to be paid in, is not a six-
teenth part of the debt of Great Britain, and less
than one-half the annual interest of that debt.
According to a table of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, hereto annexed, marked P,
it appears that our whole public domain unsold
amounts to 1,442,217,837 acres, -which, at the
present minimum price of $1 25 per acre, would
make an aggregate value of $1,802,772,296. Re-
garding them, however, including our mineral
lands, at twenty-five cents per acre, they would
yield $360,554,459. Large as is this sum, our
wealth as a nation wojild be more rapidly increased
by the saigs of all our agricultural lands at the low
rates, not exceeding twenty-five cents per acre, in
small farms to actual settlers and cultivators, and
thus, by enlarged products and exports, insuring
increased imports and augmented revenue.
As it is obvious, even with liberal appropriations,
that our revenue from landsand customs will enable
us to pay the public debt before its maturity, I
present the following suggestions for the consid-
eration of Congress: The great mass of our public
debt, exclusive of treasury notes, consists of five
per cents, redeemable in 1853; of six per cents,
, redeemable in 1856,1862,1867, and 1868; and the
military bounty land scrip, bearing six per cent,
interest, redeemable at the pleasure of the Gov-
ernment. Of this sum the department, as at pres-
ent authorized by law, can purchase at its dis-
cretion, when the means will permit, the five per
cents and the six per ccnts redeemable in 1856,
1862, and 1868; the military bounty land scrip,
bearing six per cent, interest, and is redeemable
at the pleasure of the Government. .No power,
however, is given to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to purchase this debt, although Congress
may authorize the department to liquidate it at
any time, without paying any premium or ad-
vance, and I advise such authority to be given,
to take effect at any time after the first of July
next. As regards the debt of twenty-eight millions
of dollars arising from treasury notes and* stock
authorized by the act of 28th January, 1847, the
Secretary of the Treasury has no authority to pur-
chase treasury notes or stock, except at par. When
this act was pending before the two Houses of
Congress, this department recommended that this
debt should be placed upon the same footing as
those which preceded, by delegating the authority
to the Treasury to purchase any portion of it, '
including the treasury-notes at the market rate,
above or below par. Among other reasons which
influenced the department in this recommendation,
was the fact, that such a provision would make the
debt more valuable to the purchaser when it should
be sold by the treasury, and therefore increase the
premium which could be obtained by enlarging the
number of bidders for it, hereafter, namely, the
largest probably of all purchasers, the Government
itself and the absence of this provision diminished
the premiums, the department was enabled to ob-
tain upon this loan, it is obvious, that if we have
the means to purchase the public debt before its
maturity, it should be done rather than pay the
