20
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. I,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate & Ho. of Reps-.
tion with the State Department, and ought to be
separated from it.
The Pension Office should also be detached
from the War Department, inasmuch as no mili-
tary orders are given to pensioners, as such, by
the Secretary of War, nor by the Navy Depart-
ment, much Jess to the widows and heirs who
receive the'bounties.from the Government.
There is another reason why the Pension Office
as vfell as the Indian Bureau should be detached
from the War Department, and placed under the
supervision of the same Secretary to whom the
Land Office would be intrusted, namely, under
our system of revolutionary and military bounties
and land warrants, as well as under treaties and jj
reservations with Indian tribes, many questions , |
arise in relation to our public lands, private land jj
claims, connecting themselves frequently and in- ;j
timately with our general land system, and with
decisions upon land titles made by the Commis-Ij
sioner of the General Land Office; and, therefore, j-
alI(those bureaus whose duties are so intimately ''
connected with the public lands, as well as with j;
private land claims, ought to be placed under the >
supervision of the same department, or conflict of i
decision and jurisdiction may, and doesinfact, take
place.
Having thus detached the Patent Office from the
Department of State, the Land,-Office from the i
Treasury, as well as its supervisory duties in con- jj
nection with accounts of ntarshals and clerks off!
the courts, including their connection with the ij
census; having detached also from theWarDe-ji
partment the Indian Bureau and the Pension Office; ! j
the same supervisory authority as regards them, j!
all now exercised respectively by the Secretary of ji
State, the Secretary of the Treasury, and the Sec- i:
retary of War, should be intrusted to the head of |;
a new department, to be called the Secretary of the i
Interior, inasmuch as his duties would be connected ;
with those branches of the public service devolved i;
upon this Government by the express letter of the \\
Constitution, associated with our domestic affairs jj
The duties ofthis new department, thus organized, ji
would be great arid important, fully equal to those |l
. appertaining to the head of any other department, !|
except theTreasury, under our system as at present !|
organized. The whole increased expense of this ij
reorganization would not exceed twenty thousand jj
dollars per annum; whereas to the Government fn jj
an increased accountability and efficiency of the |'
service, and to the people in the more prompt dis- m
charge of their business with the several depart-!'
ments and bureaus, and the consequent immense j
saving of time'and expense, the gam would be j
great indeed, the advantages vastly exceeding the ;
small additional expense. From the great and i
continued multiplication of the business of the i'
Treasury Department, as now organized, with the ''
rapid increase of our maritime frontiers, our area, 1
our commercc, revenue, and population, there is
great danger that at some future period the Trfeas- |i
ury Department may be broken down by the weight ;
of its labors, and consequenccs ensue disastrous
to the public interest. '!
Organized even as now proposed, the duties of
the Treasury Department would still be great and
arduous. Connected with this subject f recom-
mend the completion, at an early day, of theTreas-
ury building, so as to secure fire-proof room's to
all our bureaus free from rent, as well as to accom- j'
modate and include in this edifice the State De- !,
partment, with its invaluable archives. ij
This department lias purchased, for the sum !|
appropriated by Congress, both the bridges within j
this District over the Eastern Branch of the Poto- ii
mac, which are now free of toll/ as designed by jj
the wise and liberal legislation of Congress; and M
in consummating this result, valuable aid was ren- ;j
dered to me by the Mayor of this city. j!
The various recommendations of this my last ;■
financial report are respectfully submitted to the j|
enlightened consideration of the two Houses of Jj
Congress. They are believed to be such as would !;
best promote the true interest of the American j!
people. For them, arid for my country and her !,
glorious confederacy of sovereign fnd united ^
States, I invoke the continued blessings of Heaven. !'
May her Union be harmonious, progressive, and
perpetual. May her career be one of honor, peace, j,1
and glory; of equity, justice, and good faith. May
e&eh successive Administration, in all time to eome? ji
in faithfully discharging the arduous duties of its
exalted trust, receive the support and approbation
of the people. Guided by conscious rectitude, may
they be commended and sustained in every effort
to promote the public good; and even their errors,
which are the lot of humanity,, be regarded with
indulgence, and overruled by a benignant Provi-
dence, for the advancement of the happiness and
welfare of our beloved country.
R. J. WALKER,
Secretary of the Treasury,
Hon. R. C. Winthrop,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Report of tlie Secretary of "War.
War Department, Bee. 17 1848.
Sir: The account of our military operations
contained in the last annual report from this de-
partment left our troops, late in October, 1847, in
possession of the capital of Mexico, and many
other important places in that country. The main
achievements of our armies for that year were
then presented to your consideration; but others
of a subsequent date, highly creditable to those
engaged in them, though of a less important char-
acter, deserve notice and commendation.
On the evening of the 22d of November, General
Lane moved from Puebla,with a command of only
one hundred and sixty men, upon Metamoras, dis-
tant about fifty-four miles, in twelve hours. The
place was immediately attacked, and the enemy,
consisting of from four hundred to six hundred
men, put to flight, with a loss of from sixty to
eighty in killed and wounded; a quantify of ord-
nance and munitions was captured, and twenty-
one American prisoners liberated. On its way
back to Fuebla, the detachment was attacked by a
Mexican force of about five hundred men, under
General Rea. After a short conflict, the enemy
were routed and dispersed, sustaining a further
loss of about fifty in killed and wounded.
In January, an expedition composed of four
companies of Texan rangers, two companies of the
3d dragoons, and one of {he mounted rifle regi-
ment—all under the command of General Lane—
were sent out from the city of Mexico to "scourthe
country and drive the guerrillas from the roads."
Having ascertained that Santa Anna, with a few
regular troops and a considerable irregular force,
was atTehuacan, the detachment moved rapidly
on and took possession of that place. So sudden
was its approach, that Santa Anna had barely time
to save himself by a precipitate flight. The expe-
dition pressed on to Orizaba and Cordova, and
took possession of these towns, capturing a quan-
tity of public propeity, and releasing a number of
American prisoners. After remaining a short
time, and restoring to the owners private property
there deposited, which had been seized by guerrilla
bands, it returned to the main column of our army,
in the city of Mexico, on the 9th of February.
On the 17th of the same month. General Lane led
another detachment, consisting of two hundred and
fifty Texan rangers, and one hundred and thirty
dtagoons of the 3d regiment, against the guerrillas,
who were infesting the country lying north and
northeast of the city of Mexico. On the 25th, he
encountered a body of the enemy at Sequalteplan;
and, after a severe conflict, the town was taken,
and the hostile forces dispersed, with a loss of one
hundred and fifty killed, and more than fifty pris-
oners.
The command of General Lane, on these occa-
sions, displayed much enterprise, spirit, and gal-
lantry. His interesting reports, with the docu-
ments accompanying then\, are hereto appended.
Under the judicious management of Colonel
Mason, the commanding officer djwur troops in
the Cahfornias, the upper province has been kept
in tranquillity; but efforts were made by the enemy
to recover possession of Lower California. In
November, 1847, the post of La Paz, with a garri-
son of one hundred aitd twelve men, under the
command of Lieutenant Colonel Burton of the
New York volunteers, was repeatedly attacked by
a combined force of Mexicans, Cahfornians, and
Indians, of from three to five hundred men. The
successive attacks were repulsed with considerable
Ipsa on the part of the assailants.
The gallantdefence of San Jose, and the capture
pf Mazatlan, are achievements creditable to our
arms. They were performed by the naval forces,
and will, doubtless, be presented to your particular
notice by the Secretary of the Navy. The details
of these affairs are contained in the accompanying
reports from the commanding officer in California.
Towards the close of the last year the people o-f
Chihuahua exhibited a determined spirit of hos-
tility,, and treated with severity American citizens
found among them. Information was received by
General Price, who was in command of our troop's
in New Mexico, that General Urrear with a body
of three thousand Mexicans* was moving in the
direction of El Paso, with the evident design of
attacking ou-r forces in that territory. With a view
to disperse the enemy, and repress the rising hos-
tility in an adjoining State, General Price moved,
with all his disposable force, from Santa Fe on- the
7th of February last, and in March captured the
city of Chihuahua. The enemy fled to Santa Crus
de Rosales—a distance of sixty miles—and there
made a stand. They occupied the strong positions
of that town, and resolved on resistance. Thougli
.the place was invested' on the 8th of March, an
assault was delayed until the I6th, in consequence
of the assurances given by the Mexican General
(Trias) that a treaty of peace had been concluded,
and that official intelligence of the fact was daily
expected. After a reasonable delay, and no con-
firmation of this report being received, it was
determined ta dislodge the enemy. On the morn-
ing of the 16th of March arrangements were made
for carrying the town. Several batteries were
opened, and, after a continued fire for five hour?,
a simultaneous assault at different quarters was
made, and the town captured. The conflict was
severe. The enemy lost in killed two officers and
two hundred and thirty-six men. The number
wounded was not ascertained. The loss on our
part was one officer and three men killed, and
nineteen wounded. The number of our troops
engaged in this affair was six hundred and sixty-
five, and that of the enemy eight hundred and four,
exclusive of officers Among the captured prop-
erty were eleven pieces of artillery, hine wall
pieces, and five hundred and seventy-seven stand
of arms. As this engagement took place after an
armistice had been concluded at the headquarters
of our army in Mexico, the cannon, arms, and all
other public property captured at Chihuahua and
Santa Cruz de Rosales, were returned to the Mex-
ican authorities. The report of General Price,
herewith transmitted, contains a full account of his
expedition into Chihuahua, and the engagement
with'the enemy at Santa Cruz de Rosales.
This concluded the series of brilliant achieve-
ments of our armies in the Mexican war; and
though, in magnitude, not to be compared to many
others, yet it was characterized by the same skill,
intrepidity, and enterprise, which have given such
wide-spread renown to our recent military opeia-
tions. To the meritorious services of the officers
and soldiers who achieved this Inst triumph of our
arms, a grateful country will award a just measure
of admiration and praise.
A portion of'the battalion of Missouri volun teers,
under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Gilpin,
had several encounters in July with the Camanche
Indians in the vicinity of Fort Mann, near the
Arkansas, on the route to Santa Fe, which resulted
in a manner creditable to our troops. The Indians
were defeated and dispersed. The reports of these
engagements are herewith transmitted.
The line of communication between Vera Cruz
and the headquarters of our army was interrupted
by guerrilla bands and robbers while our forces
were concentrated and moving upon the enemy's
capital; but after its fall, this line was reopened and
established by reinforcements sent to the main
column of the army. On the arrival of additional"
troops new positions were occupied, with a view
not only to obtain abundant supplies and to collect
internal revenue, but to resume hostilities with
better advantage, and to extend our conquests to
other important parts of Mexico, if the efforts to
terminate the war by an honorable peace should
prove unavailing.
While measures were in progress for sending
troops into the mining districts, and extending
our military operations in the direction of the Rio
Grande, a treaty of peace was entered into at the
headquarters of our army in Mexico, and trans-
mitted to the United States for ratification. Pur-
