.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of War,
Senate Ho. of Reps.
suant to on-e of its articles, Major General Butler,
then in chief command, on the 5th day of March,
concluded with the Government -of Mexico an
agreement for the general suspension of hostili-
ties, to continue two months. This was followed
by a definitive treaty of peace, which went into
operation on the 30th of May last. On that day
the movements for withdrawing our forces com-
menced, and before the end of the month of July
they had evacuated the Republic of Mexico. The
volunteers, and that part of the regular army
whose term of service was limited to the duration
of the war, were disbanded.
Our military peace establishment is now nearly
the same in numerical strength as it was at the
commencement of the war with Mexico. Filled
up to the utmost limit allowed by law, it would
be nine thousand eight hundred and seventy-eight
officers and soldiers, exclusive of the enlisted men
of the ordnance; but itf actual numerical strength
will generally fall considerably below this num-
ber. The great extension of our territorial limits
required a new arrangement of our military divis-
ions and departments. The eastern, or first di-
vision, is not changed. Texas and New Mexico
have been added to the western, or second; and
California and Oregon constitute the third, or the
division of the Pacific.
As no military force had been stationed in Ore-
gon before or during the war, the department took
the earliest measures to send troops into that Ter-
ritory. Orders were issued to the mounted rifle
regiment, even before its return from Mexico, to
proceed, as soon as practicable, to Oregon; and
' hopes were entertained that it might be able to
pass across the country during the last season;
but this arrangement was frustrated by $e act of
Congress passed at the close of the last session,
which gave permission to the enlisted men of the
regiment who had been in service in Mexico to
" receive, on application, an honorable discharge
'from the service of the United'States, and stand
* as if they had served out their respective terms."
it could not be expected that even those who
were willing to remain in the service would forego
the advantages offered to them by this act. On
receiving a discharge, they would at once be enti-
tled to three months'extra pay, and to bounty
land. By the operation of this act, the regiment,
as to the rank and file, was in effect disbanded.
Prompt measures were taken to recruit it; and no
doubt is entertained but that early in the spring
it will be-in a condition to leave for its destination.
The frustration of the attempt to send troops
into Oregon during the past season, is the more to
be regretted, because it appears, that at the date of
the last accounts from that Territory, Indian dis-
turbances still continued, and the inhabitants are
anxiously expecting assistance from the United
States. A small force, detached as an escort for
the Governor, is now on the way to Oregon, and
will probably arrive there in the course of this
month. 'VVJith a view to an earlier relief than
could.be afforded by sending troops from the Uni-
ted States, orders have been issued from the Navy
Department, to the commander of our squadron
in the Pacific, to despatch a part of his force to
Oregon, with arms, ammunition, and supplies,
and, in case it should be necessary, to land ^he
marines and sailors to aid thg inhabitants, until
the troops destined for that Territory should'have
arrived.
The other regiments of the permanent military
establishment were greatly reduced at the close of
the war. They had been, to a considerable ex-
tent, filled up by recruits enlisted to serve only
during its continuance. Owing to the late period
of their return from Mexico, and the unavoidable
delay in recruiting or organizing, such as were
destined for distant servicc could not be prepared
to proceed by land to Oregon, California, or New
Mexico, until the season was so far advanced as
to render a march across the country impractica-
ble. Foreseeing the necessity for troops in these
Territories, and the delay of sending them from
the United States, orders, in anticipation of .peace,
were given to the general in chief cqgfimand to
send a regiment from the headquarters in Mexico
to California; but the Mexican Government re-
fused to permit its passage to the Pacific coast.
Orders were also given to General Wool, then
in command of the forces at Saltillo, Monterey,
and on the Rio Grande frontier, to send a part of
the regular troops with him directly to California
and New Mexico. Pursuant to this direction, two
companies of 1st and two of the 2d dragoons pro-
ceeded up the right bank of the Rio Grande to
Chihuahua, crossed over to the Gila, and down
that river to California. By this time, it is prob-
able they have reached their ultimate destination.
One company of dragoons and one of light artil-
lery were also sent from the Rio Grande, and pro-
ceeded on the Mexican side of it up to Santa Fe.
These have already arrived in New Mexico.
Two companies of the 1st regiment of artillery
have embarked at New York, to go around Cape
Horn to Oregon, and the 2d regiment of infantry
has also left, to proceed, by the same route, to
California. As early in the spring as a passage
can be made across the country, other troops will
be sent to Oregon in numbers sufficient to hold and
protect that Territory.
Troops to guard the Rio Grande frontier and
keep in check the Indians in that quarter have
been ordered toTexas, and have arrived at, or are
on their way to, their respective stations.
The remainder of the army is distributed on the
Indian and northern frontiers, and on the Atlantic
and Gulf coasts. The accompanying report from
the Ad jutant General will furnish, in detail, inform-
ation of the distribution of the army in the sev-
eral departments into which the country has been
divided.
The war with Mexico necessarily caused some
delay in establishing posts on the Oregon route.
The mounted rifle regiment was diverted from that
duty, for which it was originally designed, to serve
with the army in Mexico; and it is not now in-
tended to employ any part of it east of the Rocky
Mountains. Notwithstanding the demand for all
our forces in the enemy's country while the war
continued, measures were taken as early as March,
1847, to select proper locations, and establish posts
on the eastern section of the route to Oregon. On
the 1st of June of that year, instructions were
given for the establishment of two of these posts—
one near Grand Island, where the road to Oregon
encounters the Platte river, and the other at, or
near, Fort Laramie. During that season some
progress was made in .constructing the work at
the former place; but it was suspended on the
approach of winter. Preparations were made to
resume it early in the spring, and it has been in
the course of construction during the past season;
but the department is unable to state how far it
has progressed, as no report has yet been received
from the officer charged with its superintendence.
The amount of contributions and avails of cap-
tured property received by officers of the army
in Mexico, cannot, at this time, for want of full
returns, be accurately ascertained. The amount
thus far reported is $3,844,373 77, which will be
somewhat increased by amounts collected in New
Mexico and California. Of this amount, $67,492 33
have been retained for expenses of collections ;
$346,369 30 paid into the treasury of the United
States; $3,267,540 84 turned over to disbursing
officers; $49,712 28 credited by the Mcxican Gov-
ernment to the United States in payment of the
first instalment under the treaty; and the remaining
$113,259 02 charged against the collecting officers
Of the amount turned over to disbursing officers,
$769,650 were applied towards the payment of the
first instalment undef- the treaty with Mexico, and j
the greater part of the balance has been disbursed i
for regular and ordinary purposes. Against the j
balances remaining, charged to collecting officers, j
they may be entitled to further credits on the .
several accounts above stated to the amount of ]
about $79,000. The remainder is claimed by them
as compensation for extra services, oras having j
been paid to other army officers for similar ser- |
vices in making the collections. These claims ;
have been suspended, as, under existing laws, no ,
such allowances can be made; but as the claims i
on this account were considered to some extent;
just, I urged in my last annual report, and subse- j
quently in a communication to the Committee of]
Ways and Means, that provision should be made
for a reasonable allowance in such cases; and the
subject is again recommended for favorable con-
sideration. _ i
The moneys paid over to the disbursing officers I
have been mingled with the funds drawn from the
treasury and placed in their hands for disburse-
ment. This has complicated their accounts and
greatly embarrassed the settlement of them. The
laws and regulations securing and enforcing the
settlement of the accounts of disbursing officers,
are considered as applicable only to the public
moneys received from the treasury. It is recom-
mended that these laws should be so extended as
to apply to the accounts for moneys leceived from
contributions and all other sources. Without
some such provision, I am satisfied that much
delay and many difficulties will attend the adjust-
ment of these accounts.
There are also other accounts which cannot be
adjusted without further legislation. No fund was
placed by special appropriation at the disposal of
the Executive, or the commanding generals, to meet
expenses for secret services or for extraordinary
objects. Disbursements of this character are not
only usual but indispensable in the prosecution'of
a war, and particularly a foreign war. The col-
lections in Mexico have been resorted to for these
purposes. It is not reasonable to expect that reg-
ular vouchers of payment for secret services should
be produced, and the accounts embracing such
items must remain unadjusted, unless Congress
should deem it proper to provide some mode for
settling them. The mode which seems most ap-
propriate, so far as regards the expenditure for
secret and confidential services, is that which has
been provided for Settling accounts for the dis-
bursement of the appropriation for contingent ex-
penses of foreign intercourse.
I respectfully refer you to the accompanying
reports from the officers in charge of the several
bureaus connected with this department. The ex-
amination of them will, I trust, satisfactorily show
that the duties of each have been discharged with
I industry, ability, and faithfulness. These duties,
I so greatly multiplied in all of them by the war with
I Mexico, have not yet been much diminished Ky
• the return of peace. The allowance of three
j months' extra pay to all who served in that war,
i has rendered it indispensably necessary to retain
| in service the temporary paymasters 'appointed
under the* act of the5th of July, 1838. To prevent
delay and to subserve the convenience of the vol-
unteers, paymasters have been sent into the several
sections of the country where these troops were
raised and organized. It is estimated that from
eighty to one hundred thousand persons became
entitled to three months' extra pay under the act
of the 39th of July last; the greater part of this num-
ber had left the service before this provision of law
was adopted. Scattered, as they are, through every
section of the United States, much labor and time
will be required- to adjust these claims. The vast
increase in-the extent of our territory, and in'the
number of military posts, has induced the Paymas-
ter General to ask that the additional paymasters
appointed for the war, and whose services were
continued by an act of Congress passed at the last
session until the 4th of March next, mav be retained
permanently in the public service. This sugges-
tion, as well as that relative to the peculiar tenure
of office in this branch of the Army, is respectfully
commended to your favorable consideration.
The number of military posts will probably ex-
ceed the number of medical officers now authorized
by law. Should that be the case, the employment
of physicians in civil life will become necessary.
Besides the difficulty of procuring such physicians
at the points where they are wanted, the expenses
often exceed the regular pay and emoluments of
army surgeons and assistant surgeons. With a
view l5oth to economy and to the interest of the
service, I am induced to concur in the recomrnend-
ation of the Surgeon Genera! in favor of the re-
peal of the proviso of the third section of the act
of the 19th of July last, so far as it relates to the
two surgeons and twelve assistant surgeons autho-
rized by the act of the 11th of February, 1847.
By such a repeal, the above number of surgeons
and assistant surgeons would be added to the per-
manent medical staff of the army.
The report of the Chief Engineer presents in
detail the operations of that department during the
past year. The pendency of the war with Mexico,
in some degree, suspended the measures for carry-
ing forward our system of exterior defence. In
consequence of the return of peace, the estimates
for fortifications for the next fiscal year somewhat
