30
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec.
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Report of the Postmaster General.
SenAte & Ho. of Reps.
public documents ordered to be printed at the last
session. Such a mass of matter thrown upon the
mails, must necessarily add to the cost of trans-
portation, retard the progress of the mails, and
produce a great proportion of the failures that are
made on the unimproved routes in the newer sec-
tions of the country. But this is not all; the de-
partment is compelled to pay the postmasters,
whose compensation does not exceed $2,000 per
annum, two cents' for the delivery of each free
letter or document. A large proportion of the
documents and papers thus sent free are, it is
believed, seldom read, and if read, but of little
public interest; and worse than useless, inasmuch
as the exercise of the privilege to the extent now
practised, tends to prevent, if it does not materi-
ally interfere with, the circulation of the village
newspapers in their respective localities. This
- subjert has been so forcibly presented to the House
in the report of the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, at the hist session, and several
other reports previous to that time, that it is not
deemed necessary to enlarge upon it at this time.
Whether the suggestions for the modification of
the act of 1845 be adopted or not, all matter sent
in the mails should be prepaid. This might in-
demnify the department for the great loss sustained
for the transmission of letters not taken from the
offkes. Near two millions of dead letters are an-
nually returned to the department, upon which it
not only loses the postage, but pays two cems each
for advertising; and this is in addition to the ex-
pense incurred in opening and returning those of i
value to the writers, and destroying those of no I
value. - Newspapers, periodicals, pamphlets, and |
essays of various, kinds, probably not less in nam- j
ber than the dead letters, are sent to the offices and 1
nevercalled for, or if called for, refused, and remain ,
as dead matter in them. From a careful examina- :
tion, it has been ascertained that fifty-two thousand j
annually are received and remain as dead matter m !
the office at New York; at Boston and Baltimore
about ten thousand annually; and at Philadelphia
about two thousand six hundred.
If each office averaged but one daily—a low esti-
mate—the whole number in a year would be 5,898,-
035, which, at the rate of one cent, would be $58,980.
If prepayment be not Required, then dead letters,
papers, and pamphlets should be returned to the
writers or publishers, and the payment of double
postage, as well as' the cost of advertising, be re-
quired of them. But little inconvenience would be
felt by the public since the adoption of adhesive
stamps as the evidence of prepayment of letters.
Their use would soon become general, if authority
was gtxen to sell them at a shy lit per cent, discount
at the departmenft, so as to m<ike it an object to
stationeis and other traders to keep them on hand
for the accommodation of the public.
The prepayment of official communications from
the Executive branch of the Government is now
made by a specific appropriation annually. Simi-
lar provision might be made by the legislative
branch, or a specific sum allowed each member to j
cover official communications to and from them. |
The prepayment of mailable matter, at the pro- '
posed low rates, would not, it is believed, materially '
diminish the number of letters sent in the mails, \
and, in connection with the general use of the adhe- j
sive stamps, will simplify the transaction of busi- I
ness in the offices, the settlement of their accounts, f
and concentrate the funds of the department at the !
centres of business in the different sections of the
Union, where the money is needed, and in a great
degree avoid the hazards incident to the collection
and transmission of funds to the places where they
can be made available.
Other suggestions, for the improvement of the
act of 1845, have been made in my former reports,
which I deem it unnecessary to repeat. i,
It may not be inappropi iate to remark, that
those connected with the administrative duties ofi!
this department could not but have observed that |
there has been, for some years past, a strong feel- 1
ing pervading the country, that the system had j!
been conducted by an organized corps, extending !
throughout the Union, into every neighborhood',;'
under the control of politicians at the seat of Gov- 1
mont, wielded with the view of promoting party /
purposes and party organization, rather than the'
business and social interests it was created to ad- i{
vance; that the offices- were bestowed a  the |j
j reward of partisan services, rather than from the
merit and qualifications of tho*e selected; and that
each Presidental contest is to produce a new dis-
tribution of the offices; and hence imbittered poli-
tical contests are excited in almost every neigh-
borhood, demoralizing in their tendencies, and in-
juriously affecting the purity of elections.
Whilst such apprehensions are entertained by
a respectable portion of the community, a want of
confidence in the honesty and correctness of the
officers, however pure and upright in their con-
duct, soon shows itself, seriously injuring the busi-
ness of the offices, and bringing discredit on thesys-
tem itself. The post office system was designed
for business purposes, for the cultivation of the
social and friendly feelings among the citizens of
i the different sections of the Union, and should be
i in nowise connected with the party politics of the
I day. This will give that degree of confidence in its
i agents necessary to render it the most useful to the
I people. There does not seem any leason why this
business and social agent of the people should .fee
more connected with them, than the officers of the
courts of justice, or the accounting officers of the
Government. If it were believed" that the latter
officers performed their duties assigned them with
a view-to the advancement of party purposes, pub-
lic opinion would soon correct the evil. If the Post
Office were alike exempt from political influence
j and party contests, public confidence would be
| maintained, and ihe best interests of the system
promoted.
It may be well worthy of consideration, if these
objects would not be advanced, should the Post-
master General be nominated by the President to
the Senate for a specific term of years, be sepa-
rated from the Cabinet, and only removable by im- ,
peachment; and the appointment of the principal :
subordinate officers for a like term of years, be i
given to him; and to provide that no removal ,
should be made, except for good and sufficient j
cause, to be reported to each session of the Senate, j
I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,
C. JOHNSON.
To the Pre&ident.
B.
[Report of the Auditor for the Post Office Department.]
Auditor's Office, P. O. D,,
^November 24, 1848.
Sir: In submitting to you, as I have now the
honor to do, and in compliance with your request,
j my second annual report of the operations of this
I office for the past fiscal year—my former report
i having comprised the operations for the two pre-
f ceding years—I am happy to be able to state, that
j whilst there has been no diminution of the busi-
• ness, but rather an increase, corresponding with
i the continual increase of preceding years, there
f has been no abatement of application jyid exertion
I on the par£ of the clerks to the business in its van-
1 ous brandies, or failure to despatch it m the due
! and regular time.
! In the year ending 30th of June, 1848, sixty-two
! thousand and forty-eight quarterly accounts of
postmasters have been examined, and the amounts
of revenue arising therefrom ascertained. Nine
thousand six hundred and eighty-eight quarterly
accounts of contractors have been adjusted, arid
the balances due thereon reported to you foi pay-
ment. In the former accounts, eight thousand
nine hundred and ninety-seven errors have been
discovered and corrected. The corrections ffkve
been made known to the postmasters, and such
other explanations have been given as they have
thereupon required. In the latter, the adjustments
have been preceded by obtaining evidence from
the offices which were the termini of the routes, i
of the due performance of the service, and have i
involved the collection, as applicable in part to the
payment of the contractors, of the balances of post- i
ages in more than twelve thousand of the offices '
situated upon their mail routes. :
The minor branches of accounts, for the supply i
of blanks, mail bags, locks, keys, and stamps, for '
advertising, for messenger service, and for special !
agents, as well as the incidental duties arising out '
of the transactions of the department with individ- ;
uals and agents of every kind; the registering of >
the accounts, and posting of the entries into the
books; the preparation, exhibition, and correction ,i
of the balances due by direct demand, or the agency [|
of postmasters, and the prosecution of suits; and
the correspondence growing out of the whole,—
these settlements and these duties, in their several
spheres and varieties, have all kept pace with the
two leading branches of business first mentioned;
have expanded in due proportion with them; and
have been performed and despatched with equal
promptitude and punctuality. •>
Under the act of 17th May last, which autho-
rized the existing scale of commissions allowed to
postmasters to.be cast upon the postages collected
in a quarter, instead of the amount collected in a
year, as directed by the act of 3d March, 1847,
the accounts of five thousand three hundred and
thirty-six persons have been readjusted for the
respective periods they were severally in office,
between the 3d March, 1847, and the 31st March,
1848—say five quarter^. The amount which has
thus accrued, $112,213 41, has been credited to
them, and charged to the appropriation for com-
pensation of postmasters for the last quarter of the
year. But two of the clerks employed on this
readjustment will be retained for a .time to make
the necessary corrections growing out of these
credits in the general accounts of those postmasters
who remained in office only for a part of the time,
and will leave a portion of the appropriation of
$2,000 for this employment unexpended.
The correspondence of the office for the year
has included the receipt of eighty-four thousand
eight hundred and twenty-five letters, and packets
covering certificates, receipts, returns, and ac-
knowledgments, and the transmission thence of
sixty-eight thousand and eleven communications
: of all kinds, whether written or printed.
; The vital business of collection continues to be
| prosecuted in the manner stated in my last report,
, and the policy of making immediate demand, be-
fore there is time for the sense of responsibility to
! abate, or for temptation to misapply the ptiblic
! funds to intervene, has since been more abundantly
vindicated. Three thousand one hundred and
fifty-five postmasters went out of office m the year,
indebted, as the accounts have been adjusted, in
the sum of   681 0&
Of this sum there has been already col-
lected  ' $40,904 98
The items too trivial in amount tor col-
lection, or otherwise bad, umoiintlo 61 42
  40.966 40
Leaving in the course of collection  26,714 66
$978 1"2 of which has been put in suit.
i The like balance for the preceding year, ending
\ 30th June, 1847, remaining dues' by my former
report, was $23,282 18. By certain additional
charges on the one hand, and credits on the other,
growing out of adjustment, this balancc may be
RMted at $23,287 111
Of this sum there lifts been collected
in the yeai #18,103 20
The items too trivia! in amount for col-
lection, or otherwise bad, amount to 128 09
 18,031 29
i Leaving in the course of collection  5.055 72
| Of which $1,638 12 has been put in suit.
1 The balances of the year again precedingjendin^
30th June, 1846, to wit: §]0,009 43, as shown by
my report, modified as above by adjustment, may
be stated at  $12,969 9*3
Of this «um there has been collected
in the year  $6,297 14
The items too trivial in amount for
collectionjor otheiwi^e had, amount
to  510 48
—:— 6,807 62
[ Leaving in the course of collection."  6,162 31
i Of which $5,079 60 has been put in suit.
I The balances arising in the three fiscal years last
, preceding, remaining uncollected, may therefore
1 be stated as follows:
I In the vear emlinsKJiMP 30,1846  $6,162 31
; In the year ending June 30, 1847  5,05.5 72
! In the year ending June 30,1848  26,714 66
$37,932 69
The balance for the last year of the three is large,
relatively to the balances of the two preceding,
only because of the brief space which has yet run
for the process of collection. More than half of
this balance will doubtless be collected within the
the next three months, and but a very small por-
tion be ultimately lost. The whoie amount must
strike you as amazingly small, compared with the
revenue of the three years, to wit: #11,538,614 95,•
