1848.]
APPENDIX T0 THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31
30th Cong...^2d Sess.
Report of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
Senate & Ho. or Reps.
being in fact less than one-third of oae per cent, of
that amount.
Tlie balance thw. from late postmasters prior to 1st July,
1845, as stated in my report, was $323,598 40
And as due to them      13,196 08
Leaving net      $-310,402 32
By modifications in adjustment, including; the
charge of postages not reported, penalties, interest,
and costs, and including a portion of the latter
balances paid, the average balance due from late
postmasters may be stated at $319,880 79
Of .this ?um there has b^en collect-
ed dunnar tlie year  $10,808 89
There lias been ctedited in account. 51,709 £3
Anil thrje has been found clearly not
collectable  2,704 28 ;
   65.203 00 |
Leaving an averse amount of.  251 657 79
due to the department. A great portion of this
amounPhas been due for many years; and although
^ is not intended to remit the efforts at collection,
it is not probable that much of it will now be
realized. *
The number of suits instituted during the year,
' by direction of this office, is ninety-one—involving
balances due to the amount of $3,271 11; whilst 1
the number of cases closed by recovery and col-
lection is one hundied and eight, involving the
amount of $10,655 68- -
But the business of collection is far more com-
prehensive in its present application and advan-
tages, than may be inferred from its results, thus
detailed in cases of persons who have gone out of
office, and in respect to accounts thereby brought
to a close. Its systematic extension and rigid en-
forcement in relation to postmasters in office, and
to accounts still running, has, perhaps, had a still
more beneficial effect upon the revenues of the
department. Of the sixteen thousand one hundied
and fifty-nine post offices in operation during the
year, the following classification indicates the pro-
cess relied upon by the department for realizing1
their quarterly postages: 1,400 draft offices, 800
depositing offices, 1,430 special offices, and 12,529 j
collection offices.
The first two classes are under the vigilant and
exact management of youraccomplished Third As-
sistant, John Marron, Esq. it is only in the cases
of these two descriptions of office, when a draft
office has failed to honor adraftof the department,
or its funds cannot be disbursed at the particular
point; or a deposite office has failed to make its
periodical deposite, or to make it for the full
amount due, that the principle of collection^ is
called into exercise, and this office proceeds to state
the account of the postmaster, to ascertain the
exact sum in hand and provide for its collection,
by deposite, payment, or transfer, as thecase4may
be. In respect to the two latter classes—the spe-
cial and the collection offices—both under the
direct supervision of this office, it is in constant
exercise to derive from special effices any sur-
pluses, from time to time, in them, over and above
the expense of supplying their mail; and to com-
pel the collection offices to pay over to the con-
tractors, punctually^ at the end of each quarter,
and to the full amount., the quarterly postages due.
By this process the first symptoms of default are
checked and corrected, or the defaulter is put out
of the way of increasing his indebtedness, and the ,
debt placed at once in the course of liquidation, as
the most certain means of preventing loss.
The success of the Post Office Department in
availing itself of its revenue, may challenge a com-
parison with any system of fiscal management
whatever. Without any fund in reserve, it main-
tains an expenditure equal to its revenue, by a I
reliance merely upon the fidelity of more than six- j
teen thousand agents who collect it from the peo- ,
pie, and upon a machinery adapted to reach it in J
their hands, under all the difficulties arising from :
the extent of our country, and the diversity of its :
parts in population, habits, and the course and j
direction of its business. So remarkable an exam- j
pie of punctuality must arise, m pan, fiom the j
" national character of our people; but it must also,
in part, be ascnbed to the energetic administration
of the department. The punctuality of fiscal agents
will be*found in general in direct sympathy with
the activity of the superintending power. A sys-
tematic vigilance on its part once clearly estab-
lished, will find but few disposed to set it at de-
fiance; whilst instances of the misapplication of
public money to arise from remissness and neglect,
will spread the contagious example of withhold-
ing (in the hope, perhaps, of finally retaining) it
from the service of thfe Government.
As the revenue of the last three years has been'
paid over to the use of the.department wjj^h unsur-
passed punctuality, so it is gratifying to me to re-
mark, thatithas been disbursed with equal prompt-
itude in the payment of its public creditors. I
am well persuaded that no instance ha'3 occurred
of a demand upon it, adjusted in this office, which
has not been promptly discharged by payment
where the service may have been performed, or
at some other point equally acceptable to the party;
and no delay has occurred in adjusting such de-
mands, where the materials for adjustment were
at hand; or where they were not, in notifying the
party of the obstacle in the way, and acting' upon
the case when that obstacle was removed. De-
lays of settlement can never be designed or toler-
ated by a government which stands in the rela-
tion of agents to do that business for the people
which they cannot do for themselves. Such delays
naturally and inevitably lead to the derogatory
necessity or expedient of employing professional
agents for the ordinary business m the depart-
ments,. involving, on the one hand, expense to the
principal, and on the other, taking up more time,
and requiring more labor on the part of the public
office, and, withal, intercepting that direct com-
munication between the parties which should serve
to foster and promote just sentiments of respect
and attachment to their government on the part of
the people. It has been my aim to obviate any
supposed necessity of this kind in respect to set-
tlements in my office; and at the same time to en-
hance, by securing promptitude of payment, the
value of the sums allowed, in the estimation of the
parties, as a consideration fairly to enter into fu-
ture stipulations of service, by making such settle-
ments promptly and periodically, and, to a great
extent, in advance of applications from the parties
.—an aim which, I trust, has to some extent been
accomplished.
Much pains have been taken to give method
and order to the business, and a practicable and
comprehensive arrangement to the books and files
of the office. In 1840 it was estimated that the
time of two clerks on the average was taken up in
finding the books required for daily reference. In
1841-J42, a great improvement was made in re-
stricting the books, with qualified exceptions, to
their several and proper places. They now num-
ber thirteen hundred and eight volumes, constitu-
ting a complete series of legers from the year 1776,
and day-books, journals, letter-books, &c., &c.,
for nearly an equal period. An analytical cata-
logue, now completed, of the whole, together with
a similar arrangement of the files, not only greatly
facilitates the business, but promotes afturacy, by
making the great body of archives at once of easy,
not to say instantaneous, access.
The fruits of those arrangements are already
manifest. In corjnec.tion with a more equal distu-
bution of duties among the clerks, and the incen-
tives to zeal and exertion, arising from promotions
where opportunities have occurred, they have en-
abled the office to maintain the regular current of
its business without any augmentation of its cleri-
cal force, notwithstanding the great increase of its
busyiess (progressing annually) which has taken
place since the year'1841, when the present num-
ber of clerks was "provided.
The diversity of the functions of this officc,
arising from its being the sole office of accounts
for the department and therefore embracing in its
organization the several duties which, in respect
to the treasury, are shared by the Auditor, Regis-
ter, Comptroller, and Solicitor, demands a high
relative degree of talent, as well as unremitting in-
dustry, on the part of its clerks. Their exertions
to meet the increased business of the office, and to
prevent the derangement and loss conseqtient upon
arrear in any part, deserve, as I respectfully con-
ceive, to be known, to be considered, and appre-
ciated.
I have the honor to remain, your most obedient
servant, ■ p Q WASHINGTON,' Auditor.
Hon. Cave Johnson,
Postmaster General.
Report of tlie Commissioner of Indian A&ei&nsu
War Department,
Office Indian Jijfairs, Nov, 30, 1848.
Sir: I have the honor to lay before you the ysual
annual exposition of the condition and affairs of
this branch of the public service, the details* of
which, to a considerable extent, will be found in
the accompanying reports and statements of the
superintendents, agents, and sub-agents of the de-
partment, and other persons connected with it;
some of which are of peculiar interest, and. all.
worthy of perusal—furnishing, as they do, the
latest and most authentic information respecting
the condition and prospects of the remnants of
an interesting people, who once held undisputed
sway over the territory we now occupy, but who
have gradually melted away before the advance of
civilization, or in broken groups been swept west-
ward by the pressure and rapid extension of a
more intelligent and enterprising rac.e.
While, to all, t"he fate of the red man has thus
far been alike unsatisfactory and painful, it has
with many been a source of much misrepresenta-
tion and unjust national reproach. Apathy, bar-
barism, and heathenism must give way to energy,
civilization, and Christianity—and so the Indian
of this continent has been displaeed^by the Euro-
pean; but this has been attended with much less
of oppression and injustice than has generally
been represented and believed. If, in the rapid
spread of our population and sway, with all their
advantages and blessings to ourselves and to
others, injury has been inflicted upon the barba-
rous and heathen people we have displaced, are
we, as a nation, alone to be held up to reproach
for such a result? Where, in the contest of civili-
zation with barbarism, since the commencement
of time, has it been less the case than with us?
And where have there been more general and per-
severing efforts, according to our means and op-
portunities, than ihose made by ua to extend to
the conquered all the superior resources and ad-
vantages enjoyed by the conquerors' Of the
magnitude and extent of those efforts but little
comparatively is generally known.
Stolid and unyielding in his nature, and invet-
erately wedded to the savage habits, customs, and
prejudices in which he has been reared and trained,
it is seldom the case that the full-blood Indian^of
our hemisphere can, in immediate juxtaposition
with a white population, be brought-further within
the pale of civilization than to adopt its vices, un-
der the corrupting influences of which-^-too indo-
lent to labor, and too weak to resist—he soon sinks
into misery and despair. The inequality of his
position in all that secures dignity and respect is
too glaring; and the contest lie has to make with
the superior race with which he is brought into
contact, in all the avenues to success and prosper-
ity in life, is too unequal to hope for a better- re-
sult. The collision is to him a positive evil. He
ls^unprepared, and in ail respects unfitted for it;
and he necessarily soon sinks under it and per-
ishes. It must be recollected, too, that our white
population has rapidly increased and extended,
and, with a widening contact, constantly pressed
upon the Indian occupants of teriitory necessary
for the accommodation of our own people; thus en-
gendering prejudices and creating difficulties which
have occasionally led to strife and bloodshed—in-
evitable between different races under such circum-
stances—in which the weaker party must suffer.
Hence it is to natural and unavoidable causes,
easily understood and appreciated, rather than to
willful neglect or to deliberate oppression and
wrong, that we must, in a great measure, attribute
the rapid decline and disappearance of our Indian
population. Cannot this sad and depressing tend-
ency of things be checked, and the past be at least
measurably repaired by better results in the futuie?
It is behe\ed they can; and, indeed, it has to some
extent been done hheady, by the wise and benefi-
cent system of policy put in operation some years
since, and which, if steadily carried out, will soon
give to our whole Indian system a very different
and a much more favorable aspect.
The policy already begun and relied on to ac-
complish objects so momentous and so desirable
to every Christian and philanthropist, is, as rapidly
as it can safely and judiciously be done, to col-
onize our Indian tribes beyond ttie reach} for some
