1848.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
33
30th Cong 2d Sess.
^Report of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
New Series No. 3.
that must ere long occur; and he recommends that ;
lan<4s be obtained from the Omahas and Poncas for j
that purpose. Tins would be contrary to the i
policy I have recommended, and which I think is j
the correct one, of procuring and keeping open j
these lands for the egress and expansion of our ;
own population; but aside from this, though pre- i
tending to no very accurate knowledge upon the ;
subject, I am induced to believe, from such inform- ,
ation as I have been able to obtain, that none of !
the tribes to which he. refers will or could be in- '
PottawatomlesY the Delawares, Stockbridges,
Munsees, Christian Indians, and the Kickapoos—
in charge of'one agent. Fourth, the Wyandots,
in charge of a sub-agent. Fifth, the Sacs and
Foxes of the Missouri, and Iowas—in charge of a
sub-agent. Sixth, the Ottoes and Missourias, the
Pawnees, and the Omahas—in charge of an agent.
Seventh, the Poncas, the Sioux of the Missouri,
the Arickarees, the Minitarees, the Mandans,
Cheyennes, the Crows, the Assinaboines, and the
Blackfeet—in charge of one agent. Eighth, the
duced to incline eastward to the Missouri river; !; Sioux of the Mississippi, in charge of a sub-agent.
but that they will gradually follow the buffalo
towards the Rooky Mountains, and southward
: Ninth, the Wmneba oes, and the Chippewas of!
the upper Mississippi—m charge of one agent. '
combined with a readjustment of the rates bf com-
pensation, be saved out of the $29,250 per annum,
then paid for salaries of superintendents, agents,
and sub-agents, the sum of $11,050; " while the
' annual saving, in consequence of the reduction
' in the number of the establishments of the agents
' and sub-agents, would probably not be very far
'less." This projet required the actidn of Con-
gress to carry it into effect; and bills embodying
its essential features have twice passed one of the
branches of that body.
Tlje general condition and circumstances of the
tribes embraced m the outline given, will be found
described in the accompanying reports and state-
towards New Mexico, in which direction they may v The third sujperintendency, which'is located at I' ments; but the census and statistics now being taken
ultima lalir a rod t ■ mr—r^lu na A Am Kle i 1 Pk ^ ♦ ..■ + " "T*" T — JT —  il. 'il 1 * * ± ^ _/•!!   I u. ) •   /•. . _ .  I .1 . f. f.\ •  ./•
ultimately find a resting-place. A considerable
portion of the Sioux, and possibly the Pawnees,
will probably take the same direction. Indeed, I
am informed that there are now over two thousand
Sioux living in the region of the headwaters of the
Platte river, where a few years ago there were
none to be found. Such of that tribe as do not
migrate m that direction will, as heretofore stated,
probably take their course up theMississippi river
Detroit, embraces tlie Indians within the limits of
jj the State of Michigan, viz: -the united tribes of
Ottawas and Chippewas,~tKe Chippewas of Saga-
jj naw, the Chippewas of Swan creek and Biack
|j river, the Pottawatomies_of the Huron, and a por-
h tion of the Chippewas of Lake Superior, all of
jj which are in charge of an agent, who is the acting
!* superintendent, except the last mentioned Indians,
and collected in conformity with the fifth section of
the act of March 3,1847, will, in addition to their
numbers, according to families, age, and sex, ex-
hibit their actual condition, means, and resources,
with a decree of minuteness and accuracy never
before attained. Tlys information will be not only
of much intrinsic interest, but, properly used, of
great practical value in the administration of the
i and that portion_of_the Chippewas, of the united j ^affairs of this department, with reference to the
in which direction a suitable spot could no doubt jj bands of Ottawas and Chipp'ewas, lying on or near ^melioration and improvement of the condition and
I'Jbes ■] Lake Superior, in the vicinity of the Sault Ste. circumstances of the several tril
be found for colonizing them and the other tr
in that quarter, should that ever become practica-
ble. But should these views prove incorrect, suit-
able locations could no doubt he found among or
in the rear of our colonized tribes for such of those
referred to by the Superintendent, as might be
compelled to come back to our western border to
settle. *
In order that the exterior-organization of this
department may be more generally known and un-
derstood, I propose to give a brief outline of it, in
connection with the assignment and distribution of
the various tribes over which we exercise any im-
mediate supervision or control among the differ-
ent superintendences, agen^ e s,jmd-agencies.
There is but one full Superintendent of Indian Af-
fairs; but-there are two acting superintendents of
districts, who are at the same time local agents.
The latter is a very imperfect and objectionable
arrangement. The position and duties of a super-
intendent are highly important and responsible,
and in many ways entirelyincompatible with the
local duties of agent. Officers of this grade are
indispensable to the department in the distant ad-
ministration of its affairs, and in the local applica-
tion of its policy and measures, according to the
varied and varying situation, circumstances, and
disposition of the different tribes. By constant and
active supervision, they can materially aid in pre- j
venting or correcting abuses orerrors; and however 1
well disposed may be the^gents and sub-agents, the
presence of the superintendent occasionally, to ad-
vise and direct, is of great convenience and assist-
ance. For these, and other reasqns that might be
given, and which on a former occasion I stated at
length, superintendents should be free from all local
duties as agent for a tribe.
The ag^nt for the Chqgtaws, who resides in the
Choctaw eountry, is the acting superintendent for
what i<f called, in the organization act of June 30,
1834, the " Western ^Territory"—a designation
much more appropriate then than now. This
superintendency, which might more properly be
denominated the southwestern superintendency,
embraces the following tribes, viz: theChickasaws,
the Choctaws, the Seminoles, the Creeks, the
Cherokees, the Senecas and Shawnees, the Sene-
cas, the duapaws, and the Osages. The last men-
tioned tribe, the three immediately preceding,
together, and the Seminoles, are respectively in
charge of sub-agents, whose salaries are $750 per
annum, while the other tribes mentioned are in
charge of agents whose salaries are $1,500.
The St. Louis or northwestern superintendency,
the office of which is located atSt. Louis, includes
the following tribes, viz: First, those on and be-
tween the upper Arkansas and Platte rivers, con-
sisting particularly of the Cheyennes, the Arapa-
hoes, and the Sioux that have migrated ,to the IJ * cient agent, as i
upper Platte, and also such of the wandering |! ' agent for each.
ibes immediately
Marie, which aie in charge of a sub-agent. j! under our care. That already received, has in a
The following Indians are not within any super- • ' striking manner developed some of the evils ex-
intendency, viz: the Chippewas of Lake Superior, h isting in our Indian system, the extent of which
which are in charge of a sub-agent; the Menorno- I j could otherwise only be guessed at. The per-
nees, the Stockbridges, and the Oneidas, in charge
of a sub-agent; the several bands of-Senecas, and
other Indians, in the western part pf New York,
in charge of a sub-agent; and the Indians of Texas,
which, so far as the care or supervision of this
bureau is concerned, are in charge of a special
agent.
Each agency and sub-agency has an interpreter,
whose .salary is $300; and where there are different
tribes within the same agency or sub-agency,
speaking different languages, an interpreter is al-
lowed for each, if neccssary. Besides the inter-
preters, there are employed at most of the agencies,
under treaty stipulations to that effect, mechanics
of various kinds for the benefit of the Indians,
such as blacksmiths, gun-smiths, carpenters, &c.;
and, in some cases, farmers and laborers are em-
ployed to farm for and instruct them in the art of
agriculture.
; From the foregoing outline of the distribution
1 and assignment of the different tribes, it will be
seen that in some instances a number are within
nicious effects upon the welfare and prosperity of
a tribe, of large money annuities, have been pain-
fully demonstrated; so that, in ail future negotia-
tions for Indian lands, the Government will be
recreant to its trust, and to all the dictates of hu-
manity, if it do not strenuously endeavor to have
I as large amounts as possible of the purchase money'
j set apart for sufeh purposes as will have any tend-
! ency to elevate and improve the conditio'n of the
1 tribes with which such negotiations are held,
! whether in a physical, intellectual, or moral point
i of view. Nor does its duty in this particular end
i here: every exertion should also be made to induce
■ those tribes which are now entitled to receive large
I sums annually, to consent to the application of
! reasonable portions to purposes of that character.
| Efforts of this kind have already been made with
' several tribes, and with an encouraging degree of
i success. The less an Indian's expectations and
' resources from the chase, and from the Govern-
1 ment in the shape of money annuities, the more
1 eadily can he be induced to give up his idle, dis-
the same agency, and in charge of the same agent, j solute, and savage habits, and to resort to labor
Though some of these tribes are comparatively ° ovwi iimo fran-
large, and, in their general disposition and habits.
are as peculiar and as different from each other as
are almost any of our colonized tribes, they yet
live side by side, or near to each other, in peace
and harmony; and they are as easily managed and
controlled, and their affairs as efficiently conducted,
as if they were all one and the same tribe. With
good and efficient agents, the same system might
be pursued with other tribes, which would admit
of the discontinuance of a number of agents and
sub-agents, and thus lead to a considerable reduc-
tion in the amount now paid for salaries, contin-
gent expenses of agencies, (fee. The following is
an extract from a report which I had the honor to
make upon this subject on the 30th December,
3846, and which will be found in document No
70, House of Representatives, 2d session 29th
Congress:
"The concentration of the Indians west of the
' Mississippi since the act of 1834, (the act organ-
' izing the Indian Department,) has almost entirely
1 done away with the necessity which then existed
( of having separate agents or sub-agents for each
* separate and distinct tribe or band. When, there-
' fore, two or more tribes or bands are adjacent,
' between which there is a good understanding,
' it is believed that their affairs could be as Well
' and satisfactorily, and certainly much more eco-
* nomically, managed by one intelligent and eft{-
there were one agent or sub-
By this arrangement, there
tribes as from time to time may be within the j: c would be not only the difference in the amount
country—all of which are in charge of and under
the supervision of one agent. Second, the Kan-
sas, the Sacs and Foxes of the Mississippi, Otta-
was, Chippewas, the Peorias and Kaskaskias, the
Weas and Piankeshaws. and the Miamies—in
charge of one agent. Third, the Shawnees, the
of compensation saved, but also the difference in
{ the expense between keeping up the house, office,
; ( &.c., of one agent, and those of a great number."
i In another part of that report it was shown that . - , .. 0 % .
even with the creation of two additional independ- : The field of inquiry is a very wide one, and the
1 ent superintendencies, there might, by this plan, ' reliable materials that have been published to the
for a maintenance; and thus commence the tran-
sition from a state of barbarism and moral de- .
pression, to one of civilization and moral elevation. *
In consequence of the difficulty m making ihe
Indians comprehend the object of the inquiries,
and their superstitious disinclination to furnish
information respecting themselves or their affairs,
unexpected delays have in some instances occurred
in obtaining the particulars desired. The oppo-
sition to the measure has not been confined to the
less improved tribes with which it was suoposed
it would meet with less favor. Some of those
more advanced in civilization ar d intelligenceseem
obstinately to have taken up the impression that
the information is desired for some sinister and
improper object, having reference to a change in
their present position, or an interference in their
dome&tic concerns. In consequcnce of this and
other circumstances, complete returns have not yet
i been received, and none for several of the most
I important tribes. It is hoped, however, that the
! unfounded and unreasonable objections that have
been made will soon be overcome; when it will be
I in the power of the department to. lay before Con-
. gress, in a condensed and classified form, a mass
| of information more interesting, and of more prac-
! tical value, than any ever heretofore collected in
; relation to our Indian tribes.
j The act above referred to requires not only a
| census'and statistics of the Indian tribes* but also
| the collection of such materials as will tend to illus-
| trate their history, present condition, and future
■ prospects. This is a duty which fre owe to ou.-
| selves, to posterity, to the peculiar and mteresN
ing people we have in a great measure displaced,
and to the world. It is, however, a work of time,
requiring great care and much effort and labor.
