34
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Nov. 30,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Report of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
Senate & Ho. of Reps
world scanty and incomplete. Besides the vague
and imperfect traditions of the Indians themselves,
which have to be obtained, compared, and analyzed,
there is much valuable information to be had from
persons yet living, who have spent the greater por-
tion of a loHg life among different tribes, and made
themselves well acquainted with many interesting
poifits in their history, as welt as with their habits,
manners, customs, observances, &c. Efforts have
been made to obtain all such information, as well
as to enlist the cooperation of such individuals
throughout the country as, from a love of philo-
sophical inquiry and investigation, have turned
their attention to this highly interesting subject.
Much curious and valuable material has already
been collected; and when the sources of inquiry
shall have been exhausted, the department will be
in possession of a large amount of information,
valuable in itself, and of singular interest to all
who have been, or hereafter raay be, led to study
the history, or to reflect upon the destiny, of the
aborigines of this continent.
Since my last annual report, sixty-four Creeks,
and fifty-two Chickasaws have removed, and
joined their brethren west of the Mississippi river;
and such of those tribes as are yet east will doubt-
less soon follow. Sixty-one Miamies have also
removed from Indiana, and joined that portion of
the tribe which emigrated last year.
The emigration of the Choctaws remaining east
offthe Mississippi has been very limited, princi-
pally in consequence of their being averse to le-
moval during the summer months—only one hun-
dred and eighteen have been removed; but the
Jbusiness of emigrating them having been thrown
open to all persons of a proper character disposed
to engage in it, arrangements have'been concerted
for a large emigration this fall and winter; which,
from the latest intelligence received, it is hoped
will include nearly* if not quite, all now east of the
Mississippi. There is thus o prospect of success-
fully terminating this tedious and vexatious under-
taking, in which a large amount- of money has
already been expended, and which the Govern-
ment voluntarily assumed at the urgent request of
the States in which the Indians remained, espe-
cially of Mississippi, where the most of them
were, and of which, by her laws, they were citi-
zens so long as they chose to continue there. All
other means and exertions compatible with the
rights and interests of the Indians, and with the
duty and obligations of the Government towards
them, having been tried without any commensu-
rate or satisfactory degree of success, the present
effort should, m my judgment, be regarded as the
final one; and if it fail, the Government should be
considered as absolved from all farther obligation
in the matter. Every proper inducement will have
been held out to influence them to remove; the
Government cannot compel them to go; and if
they shall still persist in remaining, as they ha\e
been encouraged to do by a poition of the whites
residing in those States, they should not be further
harassed, but be left to the quiet enjoyment of
their rights and privileges as citizens. A copy of
the instructions under which the present arrange-
ments are in progress, are hereto aopended, marked
A,R;'C, andD.
; Within the past year the Pottawatomies, who
' have heretofore been separated—the larger portion
being in Iowa, and the others on the Osage river—
have completed their removal to their new country
on the Kanzas river, between the Delawares and
Shawnees, wheie they are now comfortably set-
tled. Thus happily reunited, not only among
themselves, but in mea*hs and interests; and free
from those adverse influences arising- outof a con-
tact with a white population, to which those ia
Iowa were subjected; it is confidently expected,
that under the measures and influences which may
now be favorably brought to bear upon them for
the purpose, they will enter upon a course of im-
provement which, in a few yeais, will result m at
least their comparative civilization. Much credit
is due to them not only for their prompt self re-
moval, but for the peaceable and orderly manner
in which it was conducted. It was a new feature
in our Indian system, to see an entire tribe of In-
dians quieijy.or£anize_and leave their old homes,
; and peacefully, apd without disorder of any kind,
remove themselves to a new country, nearly two
hundred miles distant from most of them, in oon-
  ■■ ■ ■    |
forrmty with a stipulation to that effect in a treaty ^
which they had made with the Government; and
bearing their_owr^ expenses, out of funds set apart
for that purpose. "TThe Kanzas Indians deserve
equal credit, having, 'since my last annual report,
in the same commendable manner, removed them-
selves from their old country on the Kanzas river,
to their new, and to them better location, on the
headwaters of the Neosho, where they are now
well settled, and are already asking for schools
and other means of improving their condition and
circumstances. The experiment in the case of the i
Winnebagoes has also been successful, although j
their emigration from Iowa to their new country j
©n the upper Mississippi, was attended with some i
delay and difficulty; caused, however, by the un- I
authorized interferenceof interested white persons, i
and of a portion of the Sioux that were desirous \
to have them stop and remain in their country, j
Under the operation of improper influences thus |
brought to bear upon them, a portion of the tribe, 1
after moving some distance on the route, scattered i
in various directions; the most of them going over
to the Missouri river and to the Menomonee coun-
try, n£&r Green Bay* in Wisconsin. The others
safely reached their new country, which is admi-
rably suited to them, much of it being well adapted
to agricultural purposes, and to a considerable ex-
tent interspersed with lakes and streams abound-
ing with fish and wild rice. Since their arrival,
most of those that dispersed have joined them,
which, without doubt, the rest will soon do, in
order to share in the large annuities due to the
tribe in money, goods, and provisions.
The removal of this tribe and of the Pottawato-
mies has entirely freed Iowa of her Indian popu-
lation, which occupied some of the best and most]
desirable lands in the State, which will now bei;
rapidly settled by our enterprising and industrious!1
citizens. Indeed, so sweeping is the tide of emi--i
gration in that quarter, that it is already beginnings
to break over the northern boundary of the State ,
towards the rich and fertile lands on and south of 1
the Minesota or St. Peter's river, which are now
owned by the Sioux Indians, and which it is im-
portant to acquire at as early a period as practica- j
ble. There is probably nowhere within our limits
a more desirable seqtion of country than this,
whether for soil or climate; and if opened to our
hardy and enterprising pioneers, it would soon
become densely settled with a prosperous and
thriving white population. To the Sioux it is of
no use whatever, as the game has almost all been
destroyed; and from their present character and
habits, which have already been described, they
cannot be induced to abandon the chase and their
warlike propensities, and, to any profitable extent, 1
resort to agriculture, or any other species of labor, j
Being very mischievous and daring in disposition, j
it is necessaiy to keep a considerable space be-|
tween them and our expanding population, in order
to prevent difficulties, which might lead to hosuli- j
tics and bloodshed. For these and other reasons |
that might be mentioned, sound policy would seem j
to dictate that an effort should be made at an early |
day to purchase this country of the Sioux; to de- !
fray the expenses of which, an appropriation of
about five thousand dollars will probably be neces- j
sary. . ;
Wisconsin, like Iowa, may also soon be relieved
from the Indian population within her limits. The
Brotherfowns were made citizens by an act of
March 3, 1639; and the Stockbiidges by one of ]
March 3, 1543; winch, however, was modified by ;
the act of August 6, 184G, providing for the return \
of such a5? so desired to their original position as
Indians, and for a division of the lands of the band
between the latter and those who prefer remaining
. citizens. The difficulties which prevented the ex- :
! ectftion of the latter act were fully stated in my
' report of last year, and have not since been removed;
nor do they seem likely to be. Under these cir-
cumstances, and as the position of these people is
a very unhappy one, in consequence of the dissen- j
sions between the two parties into which they are '
divided, propositions have been made to them, for
such as do *}ot wish to avail themselves of the priv-
ilege of citizenship, to sui render to the Government,
on just and equitable terms, their interest in the
lands, and to join their brethren in the West, who
are living there prosperous and happy. These fair^
and liberal propositions it is hoped will be accepted.
The small band of Oneidas, who were originally
from New York, though never formally made citi-
zens, may, from their position and circumstances,
their civilization and intelligence, be substantially
so regarded. A portion of the Chippewas of Lake
Superior and the Mississippi, and theMenomonees,
may therefore not improperly be considered as the
only Indian population now in Wisconsin. The
Chippewas, as heretofore stated, are remaining by
sufferance on lands which have been ceded to the
United States, and from which, looking only to
their own benefit, they should soon be required to
remove. The Menomonees, like all Indians un-
prepared for such a position, have for some years
been suffering from those untoward circumstances
necessarily arising out of a close contact with a
rapidly increasing white population; to which, in
time, the vicinage of the Indians has also been a
great disadvantage. For their own interest and
welfare, as well as for the prosperity of that part
of Wisconsin, it has for some time been an object
of much importance to induce them to cede their
lands, and to remove where they could reap the full
benefit of the policy of the Government for tfre civ-
ilization "and improvement of our Indian tribes.
This important object, which unfavorable-circum-
stances and influences have heretofore prevented
being effected, has at length been attained; a treaty
having recently been negotiated with them by my-
self in their country, under instructions of the 14th
of September last, by which they cede all their
lands in Wisconsin, containing about four millions
of acres, and agree to remove to those set apart for
them on the Upper Mississippi, which are in all
respects well suited to them; where, with proper
care and attention, they must thrive and prosper,
and where they and their neighbors and former
associates and friends, the Winnebagoes, may be
made the instruments of preventing, in a great
-measure, the sanguinary hostilities arising out of
the bitter and hereditary feuds existing between
the Chippewas and Sioux that so frequently occur
between those two tribes. This treaty may be
regarded as having substantially completed the
extinction of the Indian title to all lands east of the
Mississippi river, south of Lake Superior, subject
to the jurisdiction and control of theGeneial Gov-
ernment.
Since the 4th of March, 1845, treaties have been
negotiated ^ith the following tribes, viz: The
Camanche and other wild tribes of Texas, the
Cherokees, the Chippewas of Lake Superior and
the Mississippi, the Pillager band of Chippewas,
the Kanzas, the Pottawatomies, the Winnebagoes,
and the Menomonees. The first was a treaty of
peace and friendship, for the purpose of giving
some definiteness to our relations and intercourse
with the various tribes within the boundaries of
Texas; and the object of the second was to heal
the bitter internal dissensions by which the Chero-
kees had so long been afflicted, and to provide for
the settlement of alt matters at issue between them
and the United States. l5y the remaining treaties,
about eighteen and a half millions of acres of land
were surrendered to the Government; of which
about two million one hundred thousand acres
have been assigned to other tribes as permanent
homes; atfout two million nine hundred thousand
acres are held in reserve for a similar purpose;
and the remainder—about thirteen and a half mil-
lions of acies—in the States of Wisconsin and
Iowa, will now come into market, and soon be
occupied by a white population. This large extent
of territory was obtained at a cost of about
$1,842,000, of which §150,000 was the value of
other lands assigned the Indians, and the balance
was a consideration in money; a liberal portion of
which was set apart for beneficial objects, and the
remainder is to be paid in a series of years as an-
nuities.
These treaties were all made without granting a
single reservation, without assuming a dollar of
any Indian indebtedness; and where removal was
necessaiy, they provided for its being accomplished
by the Indians themselves, which experience has
shown can be donp with less trouble and expense
than by any of the modes heretofore adopted by
the Government. The department has thus rid
itself in these cases of three fertile sources of per-
| plexity and embarrassing controversy, if not of
j corruption and fraud.
: There has also been submitted to this offise a
