1848.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Report of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
treaty, concluded on the 8th of August last, with
the Pawnee Indians, by the military authorities,
for the acquisition of Grand Island, in the Platte
river, and a strip of country on the north side of
that river, some sixty miles in length, which I un-
derstand is intended for military purposes, and
where one of the line of posts on the route to Or-
egon is to be established. In this treaty, the Paw-
nees pledge themselves to fidelity and friendship
towards the United States; that they will not mo-
lest or injure the persons or property of our citi-
zens, nor make war upon other Indians; and that
in all cases of difficulty, they will abide by the
arbitration and directions of the President.
The last clause of the first section of the act
making appropriations for the service of the In-
dian Department, approved 29th July last, (pam-
phlet laws, page 99,) appropriate#five thousand
dollars " for the removal of the Catawba tribe of
Indians, now in the limits of North Carolina, to
the Indian country west of the Mississippi, with
the consent of said tribe;" no part of which sum
is to be expended, however, "until the President
shall first obtain a home for them dmong some of
the tribes west of the Mississippi river, with their
consent, and without any charge upon the Govern-
ment." The department was without any inform-
ation whatever in relation to these Indians; but
supposing, from their locality and former probable
association, to some extent, with the Cherokee®,
that they might prefer a home among them, a letter
was addressed, soon after the passage of the act,
to the authorities of that tribe, to ascertain whether
they would receive the Catawbas on the terms
prescribed. Subsequently, information was ob-
tained that they desired to join the Chickasaws,
who had once invited them to do so; and a letter
similar to that to the Cherokees was addressed to
that tribe, through the Government agent. No
answer to either communication has yet been re-
ceived, though sufficient time has not elapsed for
one from the Chickasaws. Every further neces-
sary effort will promptly be made to carry out the
law according to lis tenor.
The fourth section of the same act required the
number and .names of the Cherokees m North
Carolina, at the date of the treaty at New Echota,
(May 23, 1836,) who have not removed west of
the Mississippi, nor received the commutation for
removal and subsistence allowed by that treaty,
to be ascertained and reported to the Secietaiy of
the Treasuiy, with reference to the amount of that
commutation being set apart for their benefit, and
interest thereon, at six per cent, from the above
, date, being paid ovir to them. The department
was embarrassed by (he circumstance of no appro-
priation having been "made to defray the expenses
of this measure, in consequence of which it had no
means of compensating any person to execute the
duty. One of the gentlemen of this office, pos-
sessed of considerable information respecting the
Indians in question, having, however, volunteered
to perform the service, and, on his own individual
account, to make-arrangements for the amount of
his expenses until an appropriation therefor could
be obtained of Congress, the department, being !
desirous for the prompt fulfillment of the law, con- j
sented to the arrangement. He has but recently j
returned, after having completed the business, and j
the required report will in a short time be madetQ |
the Secretary of the Treasury, to enable him to I
fulfill the other provisions of the act. An item has |
been inserted in the estimates that have been sub- ,
mitted, for an appropriation of four hundied dol- ,
lars to reimburse the expenses necessarily incur- j
red by the person referred to in the execution of the j
law. , j
As required by the sixth section of the act in j
question, a commissioner was duly appointed toj
issue certificates for the amounts allowed on the!
. claims against the Pottawatomie Indians, exam-f
ined and adjudicated by Gen. William B. Mitchell j
in 1840. He was furnished with the necessary i
instructions and documents, to aid and guide him j
in the execution of the "duty, upon which he is]
presumed to be now engaged. j
Pursuant to the determination announced in the j
last annual report, the annuities of most of the!
tribes have this year.- been paid semi-annually ;|
and generally, it is believed, much to their inter-]
est and advantage. The department has seen noi
reason to change its views on this subject. From j
various causes, inconsistent with and opposed to
the true interests and welfare of the Indians, oppo-
sition to the measure was expected, but has not
been realized to "the extent anticipated; and the
policy should be continued with most, if not all,
the tribes whose annuities are sufficiently large to
admit of a division of them being made with ad-
vantage.
The per capita mode.of paying annuities has
been atteiitlea with the hap_pjest effects. It pre-
vents speculation and extortion being practised
upon the Indians through the means of national
credits, the benefits, of which—if so pernicious a
system can be attended with benefits—inure prin-
cipally^ the. chiefs and their friends and favoiites,
to the injustice and wrong oFthe mass of tfie.cpm-
mon Indians j while it gives to every one a knowl-
edge of his just rights^ and secures tliem to him.
In the whole course of our Indian policy, there
has never been a measure productive of better
moral effects. THie Indians generally are much
gratified with the change, and grateful to the Gov-
ernment for it; and it has secured then- confidence
and respect to .a greater extent, probably, than
was ever before possessed. Such being the case,
it will be the duty of the Government rigidly to
adhere to the policy.
Time sufficient has not yet elapsed to test the
expectations entertained as to the good results of
the new regulations on the subject of granting
licenses to trade in the Indian country, a copy of
which accompanied my annual report of last year.
They have, however, fed to a more rigid and ne-
cessary supervision of the whole system, which
must result in the correction of many of the abuses
which had crept into it. The department takes
to itself but little credit for issuing them, for they
are only what a proper compliance with the law
and the rights and interests of the Indians required.
One of the greatest evils connected with the
Indian trade heretofore was the reckless system of
national credits which prevailed among the tribes
receiving annuities from the Government, and of
which those annuities were the basis. "When
payable, they were generally absorbed by the
debts due to the traders, and not unfrequently
large balances were left or alleged to be left unpaid.
There was generally little or nothing remaining for
distribution among the individuals of the tribe, to
aid them in supplying themselves "with what was
requisite for their maintenance and comfort during
the winter; or, where balances were left under the
old system of paying the annuities into the hands
of the chiefs, they and their friends participated
most largely, if not exclusively, in them, as they
had done in the credits, which were generally ob-
tained on the Authority of the chiefs. The mass
of the Indians were thus wronged and robbed of
their just rights, while no part of the very large
.annuities received by many of the tribes could be
obtained for any purposes of general utility and
benefit. This corrupt and ruinous system has
been broken up by the adoption of the per capita
mode of payment, and the inflexible determination
of the department to recognize no further indebt-
edness on the part of the Indians—regarding all
matters of account between them and white men
as individual and private transactions with which
the Government would have nothing to do.
When the instructions of August 30th, 1847, (a
copy of which accompanied my leportof last year,)
were prepared, directing the annuities _to be dis-
tributed and paid per capita, in conformity with the
act of March 3, 1847, it was believed that there
were few if any debts which could legitimately
and properly be regarded as of a national charac-
ter—the liabilities being incurred by individuals
for their own personal benefit, or that of their fam-
ilies. But as representations had been rhade that
debts of that description did exist, which the new
mode of payment would prevent being liquidated
by the chief's out of the annuities, and thus wrong
and injustice be done to those to whom tbijy were
owing, it was provided in the instructions Uiat all
such claims might be transmitted to the department,
in order that the President might be able to ascer-
tain what should justly be considered as being of
a national character, and to deride what couise
should be pursued in regard to them. There have
accordingly been submitted thirty-.three claims
against different tribes, amoijnt\n<^ m the aggregate
to $162,903 01, nearly tbe vvj^ole of which—viz:
§157,084 22—is against the Pottawatomies, the
Miamies, and the Sacs and Poxes—tribes receiving
anauities nfiore than sufficient for their actiial
wants, and who, for years,'on receiving them,
have paid large amounts for debts, over and above
the enormous sum of $721,066 34, which during
the last six years has been specially set apart ana
appropriated, with the consent of the Government,
for liabilities of that character urged against those
three tribes. It certainly seems incredible how, in
any just and proper system of trade, such large
balances could have accumulated against them be-
yond the immense "sums that have been paid by
and for them.
Annexed (marked E) is a schedale of the claims
that have been presented, showing the result of a
preliminary examination of them in this office;
from which it will be perceived that some of them
have heretofore been fully considered and rejected
both by the department and the President, and are
not, therefore, entitled to a reconsideration; that
others are for alleged depredations committed by
the Indians, which cannot be included with ordi-
nary debt claims, because a specific course is pre-
scribed m regard to them by the 17th section of
the act of June 30th, 1834, regulating trade and
intercourse with the Indians-, while in n.one is
there satisfactory evidence that the articles charged
for were actually sold or furnished, or that the
charges, which in many cases seem extravagant,
are reasonable and just. It will further be seen
that the charges are generally against individual
Indians, and would therefore seem to be individual
and not national liabilities; and that there is great
diversity in the amounts, so that great inequality
and injustice would result from their being paid
out of the common funds. As the claims now
stand, it is impossible to make any safe decision
in regard to them short of rejecting the whole;
and, under the circumstances, the best, and prob-
ably only practicable mode of making any satis-
factory and final disposition of them, would be for
Congress to authorize the appointment of a com-
missioner to investigate them on the spot, with
power to take testimony and examine witnesses,
in order to ascertain satisfactorily how far they'
should justly be regarded as national or individual
liabilities, whether the charges are just and reason-
able, and all other facts and circumstances which
should be taken into consideration in making a
final decision upon them.
The law of March 3, 1847, imposing additional
penalties and restrictions upon the crime of intro-
ducing spirituous liquors into the Indian country,
and trafficking in them with the Indians, has been
attended with the most salutary and beneficial re-
sults; though this great evil still continues to exist
to a frightful extent. Some of the semi-civilized
tribes, perceiving its ruinous effects, and appre-
ciating the anxiety of the Government to put a
stop to it, have themselves, in the most commend-
able spirit, passed severe laws upon the subject;
but it can never effectually be checked until the
States adjoining the Indian country come forward
and cooperate "in the general effort against this
unholy and iniquitous traffic, by passing stringent
laws, restraining the evil-disposed among their
citizens on the frontier from engaging in it with
the Indians. If this were done, and authority
were given the department to punish the Indians
themselves in the manner recommended in the
report of the superintendent at St. Louis, for their
participation in it, this moral pestilence would
soon be driven from the confines of the Indian
country, which would be followed by the dawn
of a brighter day upon the condition and destiny
of our colonized Indians. .
The general deportment of the more civilized
tribes during; theyear has been most commendable;
and the influence of their good example upon their
less advanced and less fortunate brethren cannot
but be salutary and beneficial. Indeed, they ap-
pear Oi' late to have considerably improved m their
general temper asd disposition; especially those With
whom we have treaty stipulations, and who receive
annuities from the United States, which they have
been made to understand are liable for any outrages
or injuries they commit, whether upon our own
citizens or upon each .other. Occurrences of this
kmd have been less frequent during the past year
than heretofore. But two of any consequence are
known to have taken place; one, an attack by the
