1848.-]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
87
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Report of the Commissioner of the General Land Office.
Senate &z Ho. of Reps.
a classical and scientific education. In pursuance
of this policy, they sent on, during the last sum-
mer, to the care of this department, five very in-
teresting and promising boys, who have been ac-
cordingly entered at Delaware College, and who,
although never before out of their own country,
were found sufficiently advanced, * after a few
months' preparation, for admission into the fresh-
man class, and where they have since, according
to the report of the learned and distinguished pres-
ident of that institution, (Appendix I,) " maintained
their standing;, manifesting mental capacity, indus-
try, and self-denying application, fully equal to
any of their associates."
The schools in the Cherokee nation are under
the supervision and control of their own authori-
ties, and are shown by the report of the superin-
tendent to the principal chief (a copy of which has
just been received at this office) to be in a highly
flourishing condition.
In the support and management of this import-
ant and extensive system, there is nothing what-
ever drawn from the treasury of the United States
beyond the permanent annual appropriation of
$10,000 for " the civilization of Indians,'* which,
in order to afford the same advantages to tribes
not possessed of means of their own, and as a
matter of philanthropy and sound policy, should,
in my opinion* be increased to $50,000.
The law establishing the territorial government
of Oregon, omitted to provide for the appointment
of any agents in that interesting portion of our
country. The President, however, pursuant to
that provision of the law of June 30, 1834, organ-
izing the department of Indian affairs, which au-
thorizes him to employ a competent number of
sub-agents to reside at such places as he may
direct, appointed three persons who have long re-
sided in Oregon, and were represented to be well
acquainted with the location and peculiar charac-
teristics of the various tribes in that region, to act
in that capacity until more satisfactory arrange-
ments can be made. The distribution of their
duties, and the boundaries of their respective
agepcics, have been left to the Governor, who is
by law the superintendent of Indian affairs in the-
Territory, and to whom the necessary and usual
instructions have been forwarded.
The fortunate' termination of the war with
Mexico, and the enlargemnt of our boundaries
by the acquisition of California and New Mexico,
will increase the number of Indians in the United
States, and require the appointment of additional
•agents for the proper management of the affairs of
this department. The knowledge possessed by
this office of the 'character, habits, and location
of the various tribes within ,these Territories, is
too limited to justify it in making any specific
recommendation as to the measures which should
be adopted at this time. The extension over them
of the laws regulating our intercourse With the
other Indians of the United States, and authority
and means to appoint and maintain a suitable
number of agents, will enable the department to
make such suggestions next year for the consider-
ation of the President and of Congress, as will
lead to some more definite and satisfactory action
on, the subject.
From the various reports which have been re-
ceived from Major Neighbors, the special and
efficient agent of the United States, in Texas,
(copies of which are'annexed,) it appears that
peaceful and friendly relations with the numerous
and warlike tribes of that State have generally
been maintained. It may be, however, that this
gratifying result is to be attributed in some meas-
ure to the large military force that has been kept
on the frontier, and by which the w/hites as well
as the Indians have been restrained from those acts
of aggression which so frequently terminate in
violence. Your attention has been called, in the
two last reports from this office, to the peculiar
situation of these Indians, and to the anomalous
character of their relations to the General Govern-
ment. Texas, on coming into the Union, expressly
reserved the right to, and exclusive jurisdiction
over, all the vacant and unappropriated lands lying
within her limits. The existing laws regulating
trade and intercourse with the Indians having been
hmyted to certain geographical boundaries, and
never having been expressly extended overTexas,
are not believed to be in force in that State, The
department has, therefore, no power to prevent the
settlement of disorderly white persons among the
Indians, the introduction and sale of spirituous
liquors, or the numerous other causes of strife and
difficulty*, and hence the duties of the agent have
thus far been confined to such persuasive influences
as he could bring to hear during his intercourse
with the chiefs of the different tribes. By the 11th
article of the treaty with the Republic of Mexico,
it will be perceived that the United States stipulate
and agree to restrain all incursions of Indians from
our territories into Mexico, for whatever purpose
the same may be made; and when such incursions
cannot be prevented, to punish and exact indem-
nity therefor, with the same diligence and energy
as if they were meditated or committed within our
territory, and against our own people. Some
legislation will be necessary for this purpose; and
a proper observance of our stipulations with that
Republic, as well as the peace and safety of our
own citizens residing on this new and extensive
frontier, calls for such action as may be deemed
requisite at the earliest possible day.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
W. MEDILL,
Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
Hon. Wm. L. Marcy, Secretary of War.
I.-
Xieport of tJie Commissioner ol* the General
' Land OiHce.
General Land Office, JVou. 30, 3848.
Sir: As preliminary to details of the annual
j operations and views of the Land Department*of
i the Government, respecting the disposal of the
1 public lands, the recent large accessions to it, sug-
i gest ftie propriety of some reference to its locality
! and area.
I "The Public Domain," in which the General
I Government possesses a proprietary interest, lies
i within the limits of twelve of the sovereign States
i of the American Union, to wit: Ohio, Indiana,
j Illinois, Missouri, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisi-
! ana, Michigan, Arkansas, Wisconsin, Iowa, and.
' Florida; and in the following Territories, viz: In
the, territory north and west of the Mississippi
river, and east of the Rocky Mountains, bounded
on the north by the 49th degree of north latitude,
east by the Mississippi river, south by the State
of Iowa and Platte river, and west by the Rocky
Mountains; in the residue of the Northwestern
Territory, east of the Mississippi river, and north-
west of'Wisconsin; in the Indian territory west
of the States of Missouri and Arkansas, and south
of the Platte river; and in the Territories of Or-
egon, Upper California, and New Mexico.
This domain, by estimate, covers, according to
exhibit No. 1, herewith, fifteen hundred and
eighty-four millions two hundred and forty-three
thousand two hundred acres, of which, up to the
30th September last, about one hundred and forty-
two millions twenty-six thousand and three acres
had been sold, or otherwise disposed of: leaving
then unsold, fourteen hundred and forty-two mil-
lions two hundred and seventeen thousand one
hundred and ninety-seven acres.
It consists in the new, and part of the old Terri-
tories, of large connected bodies of land; and in
j^the old land States, and part of the old Territories,
I of hundreds of thousands of small, detached, and
! scattered tracts or parcels; the whole being com-
prised within about the 35th and 49th degree of
north latitude,and about the 80th and 124th degree
of longitude west from Greenwich.
Here, indeed, we have a magnificent estate,
which cannot fail, under proper management, of
1 being a rich and continued source ot national rev-
! enue for generations to come; whilst, under the
i liberal and generous policy of our Government, it
I invites, on terms almost nominal, the inhabitant
j of every clime, who seek citizenship in our Re-
' public, to a home, for themselves and families, of
i independence and comfort, in climates of every
; temperature, with soils abounding in varied wealth,
i agricultural and mineral, and ot exhaustless fer-
i tility.
| In submitting this report of the operations of this
j branch of the public service for the year 1847, and
| the first three quarters of the year 1848, the first
i matter in detail which engages attention is,
•The Survey and Disposal of. the Public
LANDS'.
Ohio.—Thewholeof thepubliclanclsin thisState,
which contains an area of 39,964 square miles, or
25,576,960 acres, have been surveyed, and. the
township plats returned to this office and the re-
spective district land offices. The books, plats,
field notes, &c., appertaining to the surveys there-
in, have been transferred to the proper authorities
of the State, under the acts of 12th June, 1840, and
3d March, 1845; and that part of the business of
the Surveyor General's office, northwest of the
Ohio, relating to surveys, &c., in this State, en-
tirely closed up. The land districts have been con-
solidated, from time to time, as the sales have
progressed, unti] the number of the local land
offices has Wen reduced to two, one of which is
located at Chilicothe and the other at Defiance,
ij All the lands have been proclaimed, and offered at
' public sale, and there still remain, of the public
! lands to be disposed of in this State, as near as
| can be ascertained, about 875,465 acres,
i Indiana.—In this State, having an area of 33,809
! square miles, or Si,637,760 acres, the whole of the
I public lands have been surveyed, and the township
: plats returned to this and the district land offices.
: The surveys in this State having been finished, the
i Surveyor General has been instructed to have the
| plats, field-notes,&c., pertaining to those surveys,
1 completed, and transferred to the authorities of-the
' State, by or before the 30th June next, as required
I by the acts of 12th June, 1840,and 3d March, 1845.
| The Surveyor General reports that he will be able
| to comply with those instructions; consequently,
[ after that shall have been done, the authority of
! the Surveyor General northwest of the Ohio will
j be restricted to the State of Michigan. All the*
I public lands in this £tate have also been proclaimed,
[ and offered at public sale; and of those lands about *
j 3,572.645 acres remain unsold and undisposed of.
i ' Illinois.—Tiie area of this State is 55,405 square
! miles, or 35,459,200 acres. The whole of the public
[ lands have been surveyed, and the plats leturned
; to the district land offices, with the exception of a
i few detached tracts, all of which will be completed,
: however, together with the plats, records, &c.,
connected therewith, under instructions from this
office, and the latter turned over to the authorities
of the State, by the 30th June next, or as soon
thereafter as practicable, as required by the act of
12th June, 1840. All the lands which have been
surveyed have been proclaimed and offered at pub-
! lie sale; and there still remain 15,693,076 acres
of public lands in this State to be sold or dis-
posed of.
Michigan.—In this State, having an area of
56,243 square miles, or 35,995,520 acres, the sur-
veys have been ex^uted, and plats returned to this
office and the district land offices of 28,177,185
acres; and of the remainder, it is estimated that
1,478,400 acres will be surveyed, and the plats
returned during the ensuing year,* With the ex-
, ception of about 529,000 acres in -the southern
] Peninsula, all the lands remaining to be surveyed
i in Michigan are in the Upper Peninsula. Of the_
| public lands in this State, it is estimated that there
I are remaining to be sold or disposed of about
| 25,097,296 acres.
Ifwconstn.—It is estimated that there is ^con-
I tained within the boundaries of. tins State, an area ,
| of 53,924 square miles, or 34,511,360 acres. Of
; this area, 14,352,879 acres have been surveyed,
i and the plats returned to this and the district land
■ offices: and of the remainder, it is estimated that
| 1,344,000 acres will be surveyed, and the plats re-
i turnecTduring the next year. All the lands in this
| State,, the plats of which were received in time,
I hefve been proclaimed, and offered at public sale;
and 2S,863,763 acres still remain unsold and un-
] disposed of. "
j lowa.—The boundaries of this State include
50,915 square miles, or 32,584,960 acres. Of these
[ 14,806,381 acres have been surveyed, and the plats
j returned; and of the balance, 2,240,000 acres it is
\ expected will be surveyed, and the plats returned
j m the ensuing year. Of the lands in this State
which have been prepared for market, and not yet
offered at public sale, the greater pait are situated
between Brown's and Sullivan's line, and will not
of course be offered* till the question of boundary
between Missouri and iowa, now pending before
the Supreme Court of the United Slates, shall have
