38
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Nov. 30,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Report of the Commissioner of thf General Land Office.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
been definitively settled. Of the public lands in
this State, adopting. Sullivan's line as the south
boundary, 29,868,038 acres remain unsold and un-
disposed of.
Missouri.—In this State, with an area of 67,380
square rpiles, or 43,123,200 acre^, 41,486,447 acres
have been surveyed, and the plats returned to this
office and|to thesoffices of the respective land dis-
tricts. Of the remainder, it is - estimated that
1,200,000 acres will be surveyed, and the plats re-
turned during the next y§ar; and if it be determined
that Sullivan's line is the northern boundary, those
returns will nearly close the surveys in this State,
All. the disposable land which has been surveyed
has been proclaimed and offered at public sale, and
adopting Sullivan's line as the northern boundary
there are 29,766,740 acresx>f public lands remaining
unsold and undisposed of.
Arkansas.—The surveys of the whole of the
public lands in this State, the area of which is
52,198 square miles, or 33,406,720 acres, have been
executed, or are in process of being completed;
and the plats of nearly all those lands have been
returned to this and the district land offices. Un-
der instructions from this office, the Surveyor Gen-
eral is closing up the business of his district; and
by the 30th June next, the whole of the surveys
will be finished, the maps, field notes, &c., per-
taining to these surveys will be completed, and
turned over to the authorities of the State, as re-
quired by the act of 12th June, 1840. All the
disposable public lands in this State, the plats of
which were received in tirn^, have been proclaimed
and offered at public sale; arid it is expected that
the next proclamation will embrace all the residue
that can be brought into market. Of these,lands,
27,669,207 acres remain unsold and undisposed of.
Louisiana*.—The area of i^iis State is 46,431
square miles, or 29,715,840 acres. Of these,
20,343,442 acres have been surveyed, and the plats
returned to the proper land offices, and to this
office; and of the balance, it is expected that
336,000 acres of new lands will be surveyed, and
.the plats "returned during the next year. Great
and peculiar difficulties have surrounded the sur-
veys in this State, and prevented their eafly
completion. Most of those made at an early pe-
riod were very defective, owing, as appears fro pi
their history, to the inadequacy of the price then
paid for that service; many were fraudulent, and
others, owing to the intricacy of the boundaries,
and the vagueness of locality, were either not-
surveyed, or so executed, that no confidence could
be reposed in them. This was peculiarly the case
in the Grecnsburg districf, and finally led to the
passage of the act of 29th August, 1842, directing
a resurvey of the whole of the lands in that district.
That work has been carried og as rapidly as the
peculiar circumstances of the case would admit,
and is now speedily drawing to a conclusion. Nu:
reerous resurveys have also been required and
executed in the other districts, and many still
remain to be done. It is expected, however, that
by a careful and judicious investigation, both by
the surveyor general and this office, where resur-
veys appear to be required, and by the adoption of
a system for completing the surveys and locations
of private claims in all such cases, the difficul-
ties and embarrassments which exist will finally
and speedily be overcome. Nearly a million of
acres which have been surveyed in this State have
not been offered at public sale, for the reason that
some of them are interfered with by private claims,
and others are reported as erroneous or fraudulent
surveys. These difficulties will be removed as
speedily as practicable, and, in all cases Slat will
admit of it, the lands will he brought into market.
Of the public lands in this State, surveyed and
unsurveyed,there remain 23,677,775 acres yet to
be disposed of.
Mississippi.—In this State, having an area of
47,147 square miles, or 30,174,080 acres, the whole
of thepubhc landcihave been sui veyed, and brought
info mayket, and the plats returned to this office
and the respective district land offices. Numerous
retracings and resurveys have also been made, to
locate private claims, supply lost field notes, &'nd
correct erroneous surveys. The surveyor general
of this State has been instructed to finish all the
surveys and resurveys now on hand, and to com-
plete the plats, field notes,&c., connected with the !
surveys, that they may be turned over to the .
authorities of the1 State, as required by the act of
12th June, 1840, by the 30th June next. He has
assured this office of his determination to comply
with those instructions, but at the same time sug-
gests, that this course may be prejudicial to the
interests of the owners of some of the private
claims which have not yet been located. The
difficulties suggested in this case can easily be
remedied by the passage of an act, rendered abso-
lutely necessary by the closing of these offices, and
which will be consideied and explained in a subse-
quent part of this report. Of the public lands in this
State, 11,815,040 acres remain unsold and undis-
posed of.
Alabama.—The lands in this State, the area of
which is 50,722 square miles, or 32,462,080 acres,
have all been surveyed, or are in process of com-
pletion. The plats have been returned to this
office and the district land offices, and, as far as
available, the lands embraced by them have been
proclaimed and offered at public sale. Numerous
res&urveys have been made in this State, to supply
the field notes which were unfortunately destroyed
by a fire, which consumed the office of the sur-
veyor general, with many of the records. The
surveyor general has been instructed to complete
the business of his office, and to prepare the plats,
field notes, &c., connected with the surveys, to be
turned over to the authorities of the State, by the
30th June next, as required by the act of 12th June,
1840. Of the public lands in this State, 17,516,346
acres remain the property of the Government, and
are subject to be sold or otherwise disposed of.
Florida.—The area of this State is 59,268 square
miles, or 37,931,520 acies. Of these, 15.032,052
acres have been surveyed, and the plats returned
to the respective land offices, and to this office;
and during the- ensuing year, it is expected that
the surveys will be executed and the plats returned
of 2,240,000 acres more. A3 far as practicable,
the lands, the surveys of which have been com-
pleted and returned, have been proclaimed, and
offered at public sale, and there now remain the
property of the Government, and subject to be
disposed of, 36,137,137 acres, including those
which have not been surveyed.
In view of the numerous difficulties which have
surrounded the location of private claims in this
State, and to which the attention of Congress has
been frequently called, that body, on the 28th June,
1848. passed an act authorizing this office to cause
to be surveyed such of those private claims or
grants as had been duly confirmed; said surveys
to be made by such persons and on such terms as
, might be deemed most expedient and proper; the
1 price, however, not to exceed twenty-five per cent.
1 on the maximum price per mile heretofore al-
lowed by the United States ui other States orTer-
ritoiies, in addition to such price.
As the regular duties of the surveyor general
-of Florida are very onerous, and occupy the whole
of his timeand attention; and as this law clearly
contemplated the execution of these surveys by
persons selected by this office, under a personal
superintendence and direction- which could not
consequently be given by that officer, deputies of
known ability and experience were selected for
this service, and with your approbation placed
under the direction of a gentleman highly recom-
mended as every way qualified to discharge this
duty. All the persons employed on this service
entered into bond, with approved security, for the
faithful performance of the trust reposed in them,
and,with instructions full and minuteon all points,
have departed for the field of their operations. The
object of those instructions was, to secure the lo-
cation of those claims as nearly as possible in ac-
cordance with the terms of the original grant, and
according to the confirmation, and to secure to the
owners of those claims the lauds which they had
improved and occupied as their own under these
grants; and by commencing operations in the
northern part of the State, locating all the grants
practicable as they advanced, and progressing
south, that the whole should be finally completed j
as speedily and perfectly as possible. As tnis j
work has to be done under the personal direction
and supervision of the superintendent, who has
been required to inform himself thoroughly of the
character and location of each grant, from the
records of the Surveyor General's office, and those
of the late keepers of the archives, it is hoped that
all questions in relation to those locations will for-
ever be put at rest, and this serious difficulty to
the sale of the lands, and the settlement of the
State, be finally removed. When settlers can pur-
chase the rich and valuable lands of this State,
yielding all the fruits of the tropics in the greatest
abundance, and specially adapted to the cultiva-
tion of sugar, cotton, and tobacco, with a certainty
that their titles will not in after times be disputed,
we may look forward to a rapid disposal of those
lands, and the consequent settlement of the State.
The gentlemen intrusted with these duties have
not as yet been able to make any reports of their
progress, owing to the time that was required,
after the appropriation was made for this service,
to prepare their instructions and start them for the
field; and the additional time necessary to procure
the facts and evidence which must form the basis
of their operations.
By the same act this office was authorized and
directed to cause to be surveyed, as soon as prac-
ticable, the islands, and keys, and other lands in
South Florida, interspersed with water, which
cannot conveniently be connected with the regular
public surveys; the price for this service being
limited to the maximum price per mile heretofore
allowed for surveys by the United State^ in other
States and Territories.
On a full examination of this matter, and on con-
ference with you, in view* of trie fact, that these
islands, keys, and lands interspersed with water,
would have to be surveyed at an unusual expense,
for vessels and other conveniences not required in
the ordinary linear surveys; that the officers of the
; United States Coast Survey possessed all these
j facilities, and were required by law to make all
i these surveys, in the discharge of the duties imposed
| upon them, except such lines as might be neces-
! sary to divide these lands into tracts of suitable
i size for sale; that, under these circumstances, the
j employment of deputies to make those surveys .
! would involve the execution of the work twice
| over, and consequently a double expenditure of
! the public money, it was deemed most expedient
j and economical to intrust this duty to the Coast
j Survey, more especially as Professor Bache,"the
: gentleman having charge of that service, was will-
ing to detail a part of .his force for that duty im-
mediately, and by every means- in his power to
advance the views of Congress, and of this office, in
this matter. Hence this course has been taken,
and the proper instructions have been issued as to
the preparation of these lands for market.
From the previous statements, it will be per-
ceived that the surveys have been closed, or are
in process of completion, in Ohio, Indiana, Illinois,
Arkansas, Mississippi, and Alabama; that the
plats, field notes, &c., connected with the surveys,
have beef* turned over to the authorities of the
State, as directed by the act of 12th June, 1840, in
the case of Ohio, and will be in all the others, by
the 30th June next, or as soon thereafter as prac-
ticable. In all these cases the Governors of the
States have been requested to make the necessary
arrangements for the reception of those archives
i y the 30th June next, when the surveyors general
have been instructed to turn them over.
It is but justice to the surveyors general to state,
that they have ably carried out the views of Con-
gress and of this office, in pressing on the surveys
of the public lands and the location of private
claims, as rapidly and economically as the means
placed at their disposal would permit; and further,
it is believed that in general those surveys have
been executed more faithfully and correctly than
in some former years. This coursc has already
almost or entirely completed the surveys in six of
the States, and is rapidly drawing to a close those
in Michigan* Missouri, and Florida. As vast
bodies of land in most of these States still remain
undisposed of, and as subdivisions are frequently
required, sometimes retracing, to supply lines and
corners which have been obliterated by time or
accident, it becomes a matter of manifest necessity
that the powers which have been exercised by the .
surveyors general should be devolved on some
other officer, where the archives connected with the
surveys have been turned over to the States, and
the office of surveyor general shall consequently be
abolished. Although the labors of the Commis-
sioner of this office are already sufficiently ard&ous,
still it would seem that that is the proper office to
