44
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Nov. 30,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Report of the Commissioner of ike General Land Office.
Senate, & Ho. of Reps.
ion, that such certificates of scrip should be re-
ceivable in payment for any of the public lands
subject to sale at " private entry.
This section of the law, which seems to have
been intended to put an end to any further appli-
cations to Congress on account of these unsatisfied
claims, provided that no scrip should be issued
under it until the 1st day of September, 1835^ and
that, in the mean time, these land warrants should
be received in the General Land Office until that
day; and that, if the amount thus filed should ex-
ceed in quantity the 650,000 acres of land appro-
priated by the act, the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office should apportion the said arr^punt
of land among the warrants which might then be
on file in his office, in full satisfaction thereof.
This is the last law which has been passed in
reference to this class of claims. The claimants
have, nevertheless, continued to file their warrants
in this office, from time to time, notwithstanding
the expiration of the period limited by the act, in
the hope or expectation* that some further pro-
vision would yet be made by Congress for their
final and complete satisfaction, at s.ome future pe-
riod, in "scrip."
The number of warrants of this description is-
sued by the authority of the State of Virginia, and
now on file in this office, is 330, consisting ofVir-
ginia Continental State line and Navy warrants,
embracing in the whole 201,000 acres.
Whether a further issue of " scrip," to satisfy
these claims, is required by justice or not, under
all the circumstances, is now again respectfully
submitted for the consideration of Congress.
The number of patents issued upon surveys of
larrts in this district during the year 1847, and for
the first three quarters of the year l£>48, is 375,
embracing 33,275 acres; and the number of sur-
veys now on file m thig office, and not patented, is
73, calling for 5,201 acres of land.
X.—Lead Mineral Lands.
Under the act of July 11, 1846, the whole of the
reserved lands in the States of Illinois, Arkansas,
Wisconsin, and Iowa, supposed to contain mines
of " lead ore," have been offered for sale at public
auction, and but a very small proportion sold as
"mineral lands." The portions still remaining
unsold have become subject to " private entry,'5
at the ordinary minimum of $1 25 per acre; and
the leasing system has been entirely abandoned, as
unprofitable to the Government, and injurious to
the settlement and improvement of the country.
Of the 556 entries in the Mineral Point District,
Wisconsin, which had been heretofore suspended
on account of alleged frauds, and which wereinves-
tigated and reported upon by General Samuel
Leech, under instructions from this office, dated
April 12th, 1847, 540 cases have been confirmed
under the provisions of the act of August 3,1846,
Waving sixteen only for future adjustment; most
of which will probably be# rejected, for want of
sufficient testimony to show an equitable interest
on the part of the present claimants. ;
In the adjudication ofthese cases, a liberal policy
has been uniformly adopted by the board, where
there were no conflicting claims on the part of third
persons, to make it necessary to pursue a more
rigid course of examination.
XI.—Copper Mineral Lands.
The sales of the mineral lands in the Lake Su-
perior district, in Michigan, and in the Chippewa
district in Wisconsin, have fallen far short of j
what had been anticipated. In the former district, j
there have been sold 2,016.07 acres, at the mini- j
mum of live dollars per acre; and 6,464.81 acres i
under leases, at th^| minimum of two dollars and i
fifty cents per acre; making a total of 8,480.88 I
acres, amounting to $26,242 37. In the latter dis- j
trict, no sales have been made of mineral lands. ;
There is no doubt there are many valuable mines j
,of copper in these districts; but it is evident, from j
the reports of the geologists, that there are also !
numerous deposites of mineral that are not worth i
working. The experience of the past with refer- i
ence to the mineral regions of Wisconsin, Iowa, t
and Missouri, is certainly conclusive as to the in- j
expediency of continuing the leasing system, or '
increasing the minimum price of these mineral i
)ands; and it would seem to be but reasonable that !
we should be guided by that experience in refer- j
ence to the mineral lands now under consideration. '
Admitting ihat valuable mines may be discovered,
and that the persons working them can procure the
lands embracing them for five dollars per acre, it
is manifest that that price is no equivalent for such
mines. But where persons are deceived by indi-
cations, and purchase lands containing valuable
deposites, at the same price, it is equally apparent
that they have suffered injustice. Moreover, by
fixing the minimum of these lands at a high rate,
the settlement of the country is retarded; and by
compelling lessees to enter large bodies of these
lands to secure their mines, the whole country is
thrown into the hands of a few capitalists, instead
of being apportioned out m small tracts among
actual settlers and agriculturists. By these means
the hardy pioneers are shutout of the country, and,
consequently, the actual wealth of it cannot be ex-
plored and developed.
If every facility was given to the purchase and
settlement of these regions, the miners could cul-
tivate the soil, while they were seeking for mineral
wealth; and the farmers would reap a rich reward
for theiHabors, in the advanced price they would
get, in that inhospitable region, for the products of
their farn\s. More mines would be discovered and
worked, and the consequent increase in the quan-
tity of the metal produced would decrease the price
of it, and thus the whole community would be ben-
efited. I would, theiefore, respectfully recommend,
£hat the price of these lands be reduced to the ordi-
nary minimum, and that they be thrown open to
preemption, reserving, however, to the owners of
leases which have not gxpired, the right to enter
all the lands covered by their leases at the reduced
minimum.
The report of the mineral agent is very full and
satisfactory, and shows that several of the mines
which have been worked have proved to be valu-
able investments. This agency has not only sup-
ported itself, but has yielded an actual revenue to
the Government, over and above all expenses, of
nearlyseven thousand dollars,in thespace of about
two years. As the sales progress> the business of
the agency of course decreases; and as it is expected
that moat, of the lands which have been surveyed
will be brought into market next summer, I would
j respectfully recommend that that agency be closed
1 after the 30th June next, and the remaining duties,
if any, be devolved upon the land officers at Sault
Ste. Marie, with a reasonable compensation for
additional duty.
XII.—Pre-emption Rights.
I beg leave most respectfully to refer to the
recommendation in my last annual report, for the
extension of the preemption privilege to all actual
settlers on the public lands,-whether surveyed or
( not, to which the Indian title has been extinguished.
This meritorious class of our citizens is entitled to
I special consideration, as it is chiefly through their
i instrumentality that the fruitful regions of the
I West have been opened up to the enterprise and
| industry of the millions who now people them.
I When we compare the prosperity of those young
and flourishing States with their condition thirty
or forty years ago, and remember that it was chiefly
by means of the labor, the sufferings, and toil of
the hardy pioneers and their descendants, that the
wilderness has been transformed into fruitful fields,
and cities and towns built up where the beasts of
the forest were wont to range, it is certainly but
; small compensation that they should be permitted
| to purchase their homes and farms at the price
fixed by the Government, without competing with
the greedy speculator for the fruits of their own
labor. Certainly the Government cannot desire to
increase its revenues by the pittance that might
be obtained at public sale for the improvements of
such settlers; and as those improvements alone
enhance the value of such lands, it is a matter of
strict justice and equity that every settler should be
permitted to purchase his lands at the maximum
that they would-yield if they were not improved.
I would therefore recommend that the preemption
laws be so amended, and that provision be made
to prevent the injustice now frequently suffered by
settlers, under the act of 4th September, 1841, who
may not have filed their declarations within the
time prescribed by that act, and consequently lose
their improvements by preemption rights acquired
by subsequent settlers. And also to require the
settlers upon lands subject to "private entry," ,
with the view of procuring the right of preemption !
under the 15th section of the act, to file with the
register of the proper local land office, in lieu of
the declaiatory statement now required by law,
and within the time now limited by that act, an
affidavit that he has actually made a settlement
upon the land claimed, by a personal residence
thereon; that.it is his intention to purchase, the
same from the United States, in good faith; and
that such settlement and claim are made, for his
own benefit, and not for the use or in trust for an-
other: the said affidavit to be accompanied by the
corroborating testimony of two credible witnesses,
who shall als.o state in their affidavits the number
composing the claimant's family, the nature and
extent of his improvement upon the land, and that
he continued to reside thereon.
This precaution has become necessary, from ex-
perience in numerous cases, to prevent fraudulent
declarations and pretended settlements, with a view
to speculation only, where there is no apparent
intention to purchase the land from the Govern-
ment.
XIII.—School Lands,
It has been the policy of Congress to promote
educational purposes, by a grant of the sixteenth
section to every township, for the support of schools;
and where that section is interfered with, either in
whole or in part, by private confirmed claims, do-
nations, or Indian reserves, legal provision has fur-
ther been made, entitling such township or fractional
township to a selection, for the use of schools, of
other lands in the same district—the quantity thus
allowed to each to depend upon the area of the
township, in the ratios specified in the act of Con-
gress approved 20th May, 1826, entitled " An act
to appropriate lands for the support of schools, in
certain townships and fractional townships, not
before provided for." This laudable purpose of
our National Legislature has, however, often been
defeated, or has proved ineffective, in consequence
of the sixteenth section frequently falling (as in the
alluvial parts of Louisiana) upon 4' irreclaimable
sea-marsh;" and, in other instances, upon lands
unfit for cultivation, and sometimes entirely value-
less. As existing legislation makes no provision
for cases of this category, I recommend that Con-
gress provide for, the same, by giving authority of
law to the proper State officers* to select other public
land3 in lieu of worthless school sections—the new
selection to be subject to the approval of the de-
partment, and the terms of the enactment to be
such, that, upon the approval being given to the
new selection, the original tract shall, ipso facto,
revert to the Government.
This subject is adverted to in resolutions of the
Legislatures of Louisiana and Florida, and also in
a memorial of the State of Louisiana, which were
presented at the last session, and are found in
Senate miscellaneous documents Nos. 42, 43, 72,
1st session, 30th Congress.
The Legislature of Louisiana, in view of exist-
ing legal limitations, as to the sale and disposal of
the school lands, have asked of Congress authority
of law to the State to make a common school fund
of all the school lands to which Louisiana is en-
titled, to be expended as the authorities of the State
may direct, without reference to the particular
townships in which the lands may be situated.
In consideration of the provisions in the Consti-
tution of the State of Louisiana in respect to the
establishment of free schools throughout the State,
as referred to in the memorial, and for the reasons
appearing in that memorial, I recommend that au-
thority of law be conferred accordingly upon the
Legislature of the State.
This office decided, in 1846, that the State of
Florida was not entitled, under existing laws, to
school lands, in lieu of what would have been the
16th sections within the limits of the two confirmed
claims, known as the "Forbes Purchase," and
"Arredondo Grant," the aggregate areas of which
amount to 1,716,935 acres.
Tliis matter is adverted to in the Florida Reso-
lutions, and authority of law is asked of Congress
for the location of an equivalent on other lands,
which I recommend, but with the limitation that
the selection be confined to that State. Indeed,
I would respectfully invite the consideration of
Congress to the propriety of an enlargement of the
school donation, by an additional appropriation for
each township, as there can be but ont opinion as*
to the importance of liberally promoting general
