46
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 25,
30th Cong 1st Sess.
Territorial Government of Oregon—Mr. Westcoit.
Senate.
Britain clajpied " the rightful power to legislate for
the Colonies in all eases whatsoever," and as " inhe-
rent in the parent Government." I hold in my hand
two pamphlets written in 1774 by two of the ablest
men of that day, John Mams, of Boston, a Whig,
and Jonathan Seioall, of Boston, a Toby; which
pamphlets are devoted to the discussion of this
great question. • "  
I ask the indulgence of the Senate while I read
a few remarks from them. First, hear the d"oc-
trines of the Tory Sewall, who signs himself
" Massachusetensis."
[Mr. W. here read the extracts contained in
note B, appendix.]
Now hear the Whig Adams, who writes over
the signature of " Novanglus."
[Mr. W. here read the extracts contained in
same note.]
The history of the revolution is replete with the
writings of the Whig sages and patriots of that
era, to .the same effect; a few others of which I
will refer to; and the language of the Tory writers,
and of the Tory members of the British Parlia-
ment, is similar to that I have quoted from Sewall.
[Mr. W. here read and commented uport several
of the other documents cited in the same note.]
MiC President, from whence, I ask, is the right
of Congress to exercise plenary and unrestricted
powers of legislation over our distant colonies—
nearly as far by land from us, as we were by sea
from Great Britain—derived? It can be derived
from no source from which the power claimed in
1776 by the British Tories over us, may not also
be as legitimately drawn. Those who contend for
such power in Congress, are just as much in the
wrong as the Tories then were. They are con-
tending for the same doctrines and principles. All
the arguments of " inherent sovereignty," "im-
plied power," " policy," " necessity," " ultimate
welfare and interests of the colonies," " good of
the people" of the colonies, and of " precedent,"
are to be found in the Tory Sewall's pamphlet, as
ably urged as they have been since, here or else-
where, with reference to the Territories and the
people there. In fact, the position of the advocates
of power in Congress to legislate'for the people of
the Territories "in all cases whatsoever," without
restraint, and especially the position of those who
contend for the exercise of such right, is more in-
defensible than that assumed by the British Tories.
They had the apology of being subjects of a
monarchical Government, and couldnot as well
appreciate the true principles of political right
which they sought to invade. They had the
apology of selfish pecuniary interest for their blind-
ness and perversity. Those who now seek to
invade the rights of the people of these Territories
are citizens of a free Government, and are repudi-
ating the principles on which that Government is
based—nay, from which it spiang into existence;
and this is done gratuitously, wantonly, and with
no apology of interest to incite them, except that
of an increase of sectional political power, or the
promotion of selfish partisan views.
The power sought to be exercised, if founded
in right, covers everything. Upon the doctrine
sought to be established, if totally unrestrained by
the Federal Constitution or its principles, you can
justify the exclusion of the Catholic, Episcopalian,
Presbyterian, Methodist, or Baptist church in
these Territories, and the establishment of the
Mormon as the territorial church. You may estab-
lish a monarchy there, or a despotic military gov-
ernment. If Congress can exclude the institution
of domestic servitude it can do anything. Its
power is without check or restraint. The will of
the majority here, as to all the Territories, is then
absolute and despotic. I repeat the question: Can
these doctrines be reconciled to the principles
maintained by our fatheisof the Revolution? Would
not any man who advanced them from 1772 to
1782, with refeience to the power of Great Britain
over her American colonies, have been regarded
as a Tory? Yes, sir, we are setting up preten-
sions to the " omnipotence" claimed for the power
of the British Parliament, to the prerogatives of
" King, Lords, and Commons," and asserting that, ;
like tiie Kmg, "ice can do no wrong." If our !
minister at St. James should be reproached that '
we had adopted the principles we rebelled against ;
seventy-five years ago, he could not venture a de- j
nial, but, covering his face in shame, would be |
compelled by truth to confess our inconsistency, j
What'an argument is thus furnished the enemies ;
of our institutions and Government!
I deny the right of the people of Massachusetts or
New York, of Vermont, Virginia, or South Caro-
lina, of any, or.of all of them together, to dictate to
the citizens of this Confederacy, in California—their
equals, and as much freemen as they are—in ref-
erence to their institutions of Government and
political laws, except so far as they give their con-
sent, express or implied. I deny the asserted
inherent power of this, or of any other Govern-
ment or people, to prescribe fundamental princi-
j pies and rules of legislation for and to any other
] people |on God's earth. The "fixation" of the
political rights oF a people is the most exalted at-
! tribute of sovereignty—in fact, it is the sum of all
; those attributes. It cannot rightfully be exer-
J eised by an extraneous power, in any degree foreign,
i without the consent of the people over whom it is
j to be exercised.
The institution of domestic servitude is a political
institution: it is not a mere "municipal regula-
tion." The excuse set up of its being " a sin and
an evil," if it were true, is no justification for an
attempt to suppress it by the usurpation of legisla-
tive power, or by the use of military force. Pre-
texts can be. invented, and have always been, for
usurpations by tyrants and by governments. The
attempt to reduce, by act of Congress, all the white
freemen of a conquered or ceded territory into bond-
age to the negroes and Indians there, could be
defended by pretexts equally forcible. I ask the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. CorwinJ while he de-
nounces so eloquently the abridgment of the politi-
cal or personal privileges of those who are of
African blood, in the slaveholding States, to pause,
and reconcile, if he can, the principles he contends
for with the rightfulness of the power he claims
for Congress, to exercise arbitrary and unrestrained
power over the white population of the territories
by legislation, dictating the forms of government,
and the measure of political rights they shall en-
joy. Why, sir, the political bondage to us of the
white race m California, New Mexico, andOregon,
if his doctrine be true, would, in principle, be as
servile as that of the African for whom he has such
greatcommiseration. The African slave would have
but one master; the Caljfornian white citizen would
be subject to the capricious tyranny of about three
hundred masters in these Halls. Where, I ask, is
the limit?—what the restraint upon the despotic
power of Congress over the people of the territo-
ries, if the power now contended for is established?
Nowhere; there is none whatever. There is no
despotism so odious and fearful, as that of a ma-
jority influenced by sectional interests, partisan
zeal, or fanaticism, and wholly inesponsible to
those whom their despotic acts affect. The rifle
or dagger of a single patriot may rid an oppressed,
people of a tyrant; but to a people whose political
rights aie invaded by such majority of an extra-
neous Government, determined, and having the
physical power, to enforce its edicts, there is no
alternative left but submission, and reliance on the
mercy of Providence to enlighten those who usurp
their rights to juster views of right and wrong.
The people of these territories are unrepresented
I here or m the other branch of Congress. They
j rely upon our adherence to the principles for
] which Washington and his compatriots periled
"their lives, their fortunes, and their sacred honor,"
and which, under Providence, they were success-
ful in maintaining against the attempted usurpa-
tions of the British Pailiament. Jf we prove false
to those principles; if, before the grass has grown
upon the grave of the last of the patriots of the
Revolution, we shall attempt, with respect to them,
the same unscrupulous usarpations as were at-
tempted by Great Britain with respect to her colo- |
nies; for one, sir, 1 devoutly hope the freemen of ;
these territories will resist your usurped authority, '
and to the extremest limit of their powers of re-
sistance. Information of their resolution, at all j
1 hazards, not to submit to your unlawful usurpa-
! tion, will make every true patriot feel as did Mr.
Pitt, when he exclaimed from his seat m Parlia-
ment, " Sir, I rejoice that Jimcrica has resisted; three
millions of people so dead to all the feelings of liberty,
as voluntarily to submit to be slaves, would have been
fit instruments to make slaves of all the rest." I, for
one, would prefer to see the people of the entire
Pacific coast and New Mexico, a separate, inde-
pendent Republic, with their own institutions and
laws, rather than that they should be subject to the
despotic and uncontrolled legislation of this Gov-
ernment, irresponsible to them, and which recent
occurrences indicate are alien in interests to them'
in many respects, and with feelings and sympa-
thies excited only as the adversity or prosperity
of those colonies may affect selfish interests on the
Atlantic. If such should be the result of this at-'
tempt to encroach upon their rights, or if any
future attempt, on other subjects, besides what is
sneermgly called the " peculiar institution" should
be carried out, under the precedent now sought to
be established, they will be encouraged m resist-
ance by the sympathies of thousands in the Atlan-
tic and western States. I am much mistaken if the
voices of some in this Chamber) and on the floor
of the other House, are not heard cheering them
in such struggle against usurpation, as Chatham,
Fox, Barre, Conway, Dowdeswell, Burke, and
others, cheered our revolutionary patriots nearly a
century ago.
Mr. President, I repeat, I do not dispute the
power of Congress to adopt rules and regulations,
neccssary for the establishment of the local muni-
cipal government of a Territory; but I limit it to
that extent. I cannot bestow upon such govern-
ment, any functions or sovereign powers, that it
does not itself possess. The American doctrine is,
that all political sovereignty primarily resides in,
is inherent in, the people. One people or political
community, cannot rightfully possess the sover-*
eignty of another. That a people may voluntarily
delegate the exercise of such sovereignty to an ex-
j traneous or foreign government, I concede; but
j without such delegation, its exercise by such ex-
] traneous or foreign government, is a usurpation,
j Have the citizens of these Territories—either those
j now there, made citizens hy the treaty of cession, or
j those who, being citizens before, have gone thither
i —ever transferred their sovereignty to the Federal
j Government? I should like to hear the ratiocina-
I tion by which this is shcrftn. It is because no
I such delegation has been made, that Congress can-
J not either exercise such power, or delegate its ex-
I ercise to the Territorial Government. It is because
j the prohibition of the institution of domestic sla-
j very is the exercise -of such power, of sovereign po-
litical power, that Congress cannot thus act. To
prohibit the institution of domestic,servitude re-
quires something more than the exercise of the
mere legislative power, as contradistinguished fiom
i the sovereign authority. The power of establishing-
1 the scale of political franchises which the inhdbit-
| ants of a country are to be governed by—the des-
ignation of what political privileges each is to
have and exercise—the establishment of the rules
! by which the right of suffrage shall be regulated—
! who shall vote, and who shall not vote—who shall
j be eligible to office, and who shall not be, are all
the exercise of attributes of sovereignty, and not of
the mere laie-inuhing authority, which is of inferior
j character. This is the view I take of the asserted
right to exclude the institution of domestic servi-
! tude, regarded as a political institution merely.
| Other Senators from the South have discussed
| this subject, m the various other aspects it pre-
! sents itself, with an ability far superior to any I
pretend to, and it would be an unpardonable tres-
pass 'by me on the time of the Senate, to go over
the same ground. The positions maintained by
them, with reference to the constitutional guaran-
tees by the Federal Government, and by the States
respectively, of slaves as property,\o citizens of the
States where the institution has not been abolished,
and the equal right of such citizens to emigrate
with such property to a Federal Territory, with-
1 out restraint, and the inequality and injustice, and
therefore the unconstitutionality, of any such re-
straint, seem to me to be incontrovertible. I am
satisfied to rest the discussion as to the rights of
all the States, and of their citizens respectively,
i ur.der the Constitution, with what has been already
urged on these points; but I desire to discuss.a
1 little more at length, some different, though not in
any respect inconsistent grounds, I take. Indeed,
the positions I contend for, if conceded, conclu-
sively establish those advanced by others, in sup-
port of the rights of the citizens of tjje southern
States.
The creation of a corporation, and its endow-
