1848.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4TT
30th Cong 1st Sess.
Territorial Government of Oregon—Mr. Westcott.
Senate.
merit with franchises borrowed from the people,
is also the exercise of an attribute of sovereignty.
In the language of a distinguished statesman, [Mr.
Clay9] it is " one of the most exalted attributes of
sovereignty." (Vide lus speech against the Bank
of the UnitedStates, in Senate, February 14,1811-)
Without a delegation by the people, to the Legis-
lature, of such power, in their fundamental law,
either expressly or by implication, such act by the
Legislature is an usurpation. Hence, w^ile Congress
may create the municipal corporation called a Ter-
ritorial Government, it cannot bestow upon it any
functions and powers of sovereignty, except tem-
porarily, and as imperious necessity, for the benefit jj
of the people of the Territory, absolutely demands. ■'
The doctrine of inherent pow-er in Congress is
cousin german to~ that of the divine right of kings,
arid about as sustainable. Congress has no powers
not enumerated in the Federal Constitution; and,
upon the principles i have sought to maintain, if
there were^o be found in the Constitution an ex-
press declaration that Congress should have the
power to exclude the institution of domestic ser-
vitude hi. territories acquired by conquest or ces-
sion, I do, not hesitate to say that, for one, I would j!
denounce it as an usurpation on the rights of third j
persons, not parties—the people of the Territories; ;
and as a violation of the fundamental principles of
our Government.
If Congress does not possess the power to ex-
clude the institution of domestic servitude, it cannot j
confer it on its creature, the Territorial Govern- [
ment. Thatgo\ernmontcannotpossessanygreater |
powers than Congress, from whom it derives its j
existence. Th£ Territorial Government has no in- |
herent powers. The notion that it is a government j
of the People of the Territory, is founded on a j
confusion of terms and ideas. Its origin is not j
from such people, but from the law of Congress, >
usually styled the "organic law," establishing it. :
An extraneous power—the federal authority of the
United States—appoints the executive and judicial
officers, and most of the civil officers. They are
paid out of the federal treasury. The appointing
power as to such officers has uniformly been vested
by law in the President of the United States, (as
in other cases of appointments to constitutional
offices in the States, and in the District of Colum-
bia,) and in more than one instance the appoint-
ment of the Territorial Legislature also has been
vested in the President. The legislators are paid
by the United States. When the people of a ter-
ritory have been allowed to select the legislators,
the selection has been merely of agents of the
Federal Government, and under the rules that
Government has itself prescribed in the " organic
law." And, besides, Congress has always re-
served a veto upon the Territorial laws. The
Territorial Government is in no sense a govern-
ment of the people—is not derived from the peo-
ple—and it is a mockery to call it a government of
the people. It cannot exercise, because it has not
had delegated to it, and could not have delegated to
it, any of the attributes of sovereignty which rest in
the people of the Territory, and in that people
only. When it is said, therefore, that the people
of a Territory have the right and power to inhibit
the institution of domestic servitude, while iMs |
true m one sense, as 1 shall presently show, it it j
is intended to asseri that the Territorial Government ,
can do so, the asserted right cannot be sustained. >
Whilst the Territorial corporation exists, and until ;
the people of a Territory, by the formation and I
establishment of their sovereign independent State j
government, awake their sovereign rights, powers, j
and attributes into active existence, those rights, j
powers, and attributes are dormant, and in abeij- \
ance. Neither Congress nor the Territorial corpo- ;
ration can exercise them. I
I anf aware that the distinguished Senator irom j
South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,] a distinguished ;
member of the House from the same State, [Mr. j
Rhett,] my honorable colleague and others, have
advanced views somewhat dissimilar to mine, in
relation to where this sovereign power is deposited,
whilst the Territorial,, corporation is in existence,
and before the Slate government is established. They
make "the people of the several and respective
States" of the Confederacy the depositaries of that
sovereignty. The State Democratic Convention of
my State recently adopted a resolution recognizing
this doctrine. I do not acquiesce in its soundness.
In the first place, I deny its correctness^, because
it is not, as I conceive, in accordance with thegreat
principle of free government and political liberty
(I have before adverted to,) that no foreign or ex-
traneous government or people can rightfully pos-
sess the sovereignty of another separate and distinct
political community. I deny it, secondly, because,
if admitted, it may amount to a virtual practical
concession of all that the South contend for. I say
a virtual practical concession; for if it be correct,
then " the several and respective States" may, at
some future period, alter the Federal Constitution
so as to confer the power upon Congress. As I
before stated, with such a provision in the Consti-
tution, I would still resist its exercise by Congress
as a usurped power by "the several and respective
States," belonging to the people of the territory,
though they could not exercise it, till assembled in
their primary sovereignty, to constitute their State
government. But the difference I have adverted
to i,s upon an incidental and. collateral part of the
argument, and it is not material that I should
notice it further. It does not affect the similar con-
clusion to which all those who thus differ, ulti-
mately arrive. I believe the people of Michigan
were right, when some years ago .they abolished
the territorial corpoiation, established their State
government, and demanded admission into the 1
Union. For seven years I sought to induce the
people of Florida to follow in their footsteps. We
met, formed and adopted our State constitution in
1838 and 1839, and were causelessly and arbitrarily
denie'd admission till 1845. Consistently with the
principles on which our Government is founded,
we cannot arbitrarily oppose this right of peaceful
political revolution and assumption of the right of
self-government, by the white citizens of the Uni-
ted States in a Territory, if of sufficient numbersrto
entitle them to a Representative in Congress, and
otherwise possessing the proper and constitutional
requisites for a sovereign State, whenever they choose
to exercise it, except by advice, persuasion, and
reason. To prevent its exercise by force of legis-
lation, or by force of arms, would be tyranny—
despotism. 4 republican government is less ex-
cusable for a disregard of principle, and for despotic
courses, than a monarchy. The only apology for
opposition to freemeji in asserting and maintaining
the right of self-government, that could exist in
any case, would be the danger of injury to vital,
or at least to important interests of the Government
of the Union, which could not often be urged with
truth. The admission of such new State into the
Union is another and different question, not now
necessary to consider, though in deciding, it, simi-
lar rules should control.
It is idle to impute inconsistency to the argument
that concedes to Congress the right to charter the
| temporary and limited municipal corpoiation called
a Territorial Government, and to regulate, tempo-
rarily, the elective franchise and the eligibility to
office in a territory, growing out of the necessity
of the case, and the denial of its right to exercise
all the attributes of severeign power. Every case
rests 011 its own merits. No such imperious con-
trolling necessity exists with respect to the inhibi-
tion of domestic servitude. As a political institu-
tion, it is conformable to theFederal Constitution,
and the prohibition of it is a gratuitous act, super-
erogatory entirely, and not called for, or indispen-
sable to the establishment of the Territorial Gov-
ernment, and which is the sole excuse for the
exercise of power by Congress at all, or to any
extent. /
Mr. President, the views I have just expressed
are not made up for this occasion. More than
1! eighteen years ago I emigrated to a territory, and
held for years an executive office, to fulfill which it
i] became my duty .to investigate the character and
!| powers of the Territorial Government. Theopm-
11 ions I now express are the same ^maintained, as
j! an executive officer of the Territory of Florida;
ij as a judicial or civil,officer, after I resigned my
11 executive appointment; as a member of the con-
vention which formed the State constitution, and
P as a member of the Territorial Legislature. The
j| very questions now under discussion, as to the
ij power of Congiess and of the Territorial Legisla-
i' ture, were discussed in the public iournals of
ij Florida, and in various legislative reports and
ij other documents; and I have heard very little m
'! either House of Congress that was not then ad-
vanced by one or the other of the conflicting parties
in Florida, except the claim to arbitrary power
over the Territories set up by Congress for itself.
The dispute in Florida was as to the power of
the Territorial Legislature to create and charter
banks, and pledge the faith of the people for
the payment of bonds to the amount of mil-
lions, and thus bind the future State. I, with
others, resisted the exercise of this attribute of
sovereign power as a flagrant usurpation. Suoh
I still regard it^and upon the principles and rea-
soning I have now advanced. I have seen that
at the last session of the Legislature of Florida, a
majority of which was Whig, resolutions were
adopted asserting, in effect, as I conceive, the
sovereign power of the Territorial Legislature.
To this doctrine I can no more assent than to that?
I have before noticed as to the people of the sev-
eral respective States"being the depositaries of the
sovereignty of the people of a Territory before it
becomes a State. If followed out, both are, in my
judgment, a practical abandonment by the South
of this question, or, at any rate, they weaken posi-
tions otherwise impregnable. If true, a majority
in Congress, opposed to the allowance of the insti-
tution of domestiosei vitude in a Territory, can very
easily, by indirect means in the organization of the
Territorial Government, secure the action of that
government for its inhibition. The true principle,
I repeat, is, that £11 the primary powers of sover-
eignty belonging to the people of a Territory are,
till their State Government is formed and estal>
lished, dormant, but not extinct—m abeyance,
suspended, awaiting the action of the people in
their primary capacity to awaken them into active
life, but still resting with and abiding in those peo-
ple, and not in the people of a different political
community. The abolition of the institution of
domestic servitude, requiring the exercise of that
sovereign power, cannot be rightfully attempted
before the State constitution is formed.
There has been much discussion, here and else-
where, respecting the relations which these Terri-
tories bear to the Government of the United States
in their present condition. The facts as to Oregon
are not precisely the same as those relating to
California and New'Mexico. The origin of the
title of this country to Oregon is prior discovery,
confirmed by occupation, and further admitted and
confirmed by conflicting claimants, in the treaty by
which Louisiana was ceded to us, and in the recent
convention with Great Britain. It was, when
discovered, uninhabited, except by a few uncivil-
ized Indians, without government or laws, and
nomadic in their character. Nearly two centuries
ago, that eminent whig judge, Lord Chief Justice
Holt, and the whole English Court of King's
Bench, laid down the true principle of law to be,
that on such discovery by an English subject, all
the laws in force in England became at once in
force in the new country. Other authorities are
to the same effect; and among them at least one
express decision of the Supreme Court of the
United States. (See note C, appendix.) And
here I may remark, that nowhere are to be found
the true elementary principles of national law, or
the fundamental principles of political right, more
perspicuously laid down than in the judicial opm-
, 10ns of the eminent whig lawyers just before,
! during, and just after the Revolution of 1688.
! Those opinions, and the writings of the patriots
I of that era, are the'sources of the arguments used,
j by the patriots of our Revolution. Their exposi-
i tion of the rights of free-born Englishmen, under
: their great charter, is the Horeb from which, when
1 stricken, by our revolutionary patriarchs, flowed
I the waters of republican constitutional freedom.
! The operation of the rule cited may have been
j necessarily suspended while the country was,
I under the agreements between the United States
i and Great Britain, m the joint occupation of the
I two Governments; but the moment we acquired
; the exclusive possession, the rule obtained in full
j force. The common low, or principles of this
! Government, and the Constitution and laws of the
I United States, so far as they were applicable to
I the territory, forthwith became operative and in
| force thefein. No systems, no institutions, no
| laws inconsistent to or incompatible with thcm 
! were valid, from the moment our right and posses-
sion was admitted to be exclusive. AU the systems*
;; institutions, and laws that hau grown up, or had
