48'
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 25,
30th Cong 1st Sess.
Territorial Government of Oregon—Mr. Westcott.
Senate.
been adopted whilst the country was in the joint
occupation of the United States and Great Britain,
forthwith, by the force of the rule cited, were melted
and moulded into conformity with ours. The citi-
zens of the United States, owing allegiance to the
United States, were the only persons who could
rightfully attempt the exercise of any of the powers
of governmental control, in anywise, over the coun-
try or its inhabitants; and until expressly em-
powered by the legislative authority of Congress,
they could only exercise such powers by consent
of the community, and to the extent only that the
law of self-preservation and of imperious necessity
required. This community could not exercise
the attributes of sovereignty as an independent
• people, whilst they admitted their allegiance to the
Government of the United States. Exclusion of
" the insiitution of domestic servitude was the ex-
ercise of such sovereign authority. Several other
powers assumed by the "provisional government
of Oregon" in the establishment of their " organic
law of 1845"—for example, that of making war
and treaties, establishing and regulating currency,
disposing of the public domain,&c.—are like sov-
ereign powers. Hence these provisions of that
"organic taw," being also inconsistent to and in-
compatible with the common law or principles of
the Federal Government and of the Constitution
of the TTnued States, and the institutions recog-
nized by it, and the rights of the citizens of the
States under them, are void.
With respect to California and New Mexico, it
is entirely immaterial whether we regard them as
conquered countries or as acquired by cession un-
der the treaty with Mexico. The same rule gov-
erns both cases. In fact, except by annihilation
of the government of a country, no conquest of it
can be"consummated without a cession, or by the
uti possidetis which operates as a cession. That
rule is, tnat, upon the consummation of the con-
quest or cession, the political relations between the
country so acquired, and its former government
are dissolved and extinguished. The allegiance
of its inhabitants is transferred to their new gov-
ernment, and is qualified in its character to con-
formity with the laws and institutions of the latter,
so as to harmonize with theprinciples of such new
government in all respects. All the political laws,
whether mandatory or prohibitory; all the politi-
cal institutions of such country in anywise incon-
sistent to, or incompatible with, those of such new
government, or that do not assimilate to them, are,
upon the consummation of such cession by it, ex
vi termini, annulled. Such is the law as laid down
in the approved authorities, and by your Supreme
Court in the l^t Peters. (See note C, appendix.)
No such political law, whether mandatory or pro-
hibitory, no such political institution could con-
tinue, if ao inconsistent or incompatible, any more
than the people of such country could enact or
establish them after the change of government,
with the same inconsistencies and incompatibili-
ties. They are, by force of the cession, made to
conform entirely to the laws, institutions, and
policy of the new government. For instance, will
it be pretended that, on the conquest by the United
States or cession to it of a country governed by a
king, with his nobility, InVprinces, dukes, earls,
barons, and knights, each with franchises and
privileges appurtenant to his rank and title, that
these political creations could be recognized by us,
alter the cession, when our ipstitutions and our
Federal Constitution repudiate them? Again, the
sanction of political authority and of law is given
in some countries to the right of clerical superiors
lo compel, by coetcive means, conformity in mat-
ters of religion. This right is also repudiated in
our Government. Would it exist after the cession
to us of a country in which it existed at the time
of cession ? None will, I presume, so contend.
Hence I hold, that any prohibitory law with re-
spect to the institution of domestic servitude—a
political institution recognized by the Federal
Constitution—though such law may have been in
force in California and New Mexico when ceded
to the Umted States, was annulled by the ces-
sion.
Such law originating inaforeign political source,
and not.having the expiess sanction of any com-
petent constitutional power in this Government,
^nd being inconsistent with political institutions in I
the Slates recognized by the Federal Constitution,
and incompatible with the equal rights of citizens
of those States with respect to these Territories
under the Constitution, would become inoperative
and null and void, upon the consummation of the
cession. It needs no affirmative legislation on the
part of the United States, to annul such law. It is
a political law, that dies with the extinction of the
political authority from whence it was derived.
The instant of the cession, the political principles
of this Government, of its institutions^ the princi-
ples of the Federal Constitution, and all the laws
■of the United States, attach as far as they may, to
the new country, and control it as a Territory of
the United States, free of all restrictions not im-
posed or recognized by competent authority of this
Government. It is true, by the laws of nations
the local and municipal regulations, those regula-
ting the title to property, and the municipal offices
in a conquered or ceded country, remain until
changed by the conquering power, or by the Gov-
ernment to which the country is ceded. This last
rule, as I before stated, does not extend to political
institutions or laws conflicting with those of the
new Government, and it does not embrace even
the laws of a local and municipal character in a
ceded country, totally irreconcilable to and incom-
patible with the principles and institutions of the
new Government. Of necessity they must con-
form to the common law of such new Government.
The decisions of the Supreme Court of the United
States, as reported in 1st and 7th' Peters''Reports,
sustain this doctrine to the full extent that I have
stated it. [See note C, appendix.] But it has
been argued that there is no principle of the Gov-
ernment of the United States recognizing the insti-
tution of domestic servitude as a political institu-
tion of the Federal Government. It is said, while
some of the States recognize African slavery, some
donot; and that the character of the servitude recog-
nized in different States is dissimilar, and that the
measure of its recognition by the Federal Govern-
ment is only to the extent and in the degree that it
has been or may be recognized by the sovereign
authority of each State, within its own jurisdiction,
and it is only recognized in that State. It is said
that it is a local municipal institution, which must
be established by the local authority competent to
do so, and is dependant exclusively on the local
law, and hence it has been contended that unless
the institution existed by virtue of such law in
those Territories, before and at the time of the
cession, it must be first established by competent
authority and by positive affirmative legislation,
before the rule of recognition by the Federal Gov-
ernment can operate. The fallacy of this deduc-
tion and of others based upon it will, 1 think, be
manifest, upon a more correct statement of the
principles from which it is sought to deduce it.
The whole error, I conceive, arises from the in-
correct manner in which those principles are stated.
It is true, the character and degree of domestic
servitude in each State depend upon the local in-
stitutions of each State, and that they are variant
in different States; but this fact cannot create the
least difficulty as to the extent in which it is to
prevail in these Territories, or in the application
of the principles-l have contended for with respect
to them. Those who make the difficulty start from
a wrong point.
Soon after the first settlement of this continent,
the institution of domestic servitude, with respect
to negroes and Indians, became established, and
it continued to exist, m most, if not all of the col-
onies. It had the sanction of colonial legislation,
and of the legislation of the English Parliament,
and of the parent Government, by provisions in
charters, and in other modes; and it became a
part of the common law, was incorporated into
the political systems of the colonies, becoming one
of their fundamental institutions. Even the African
slave trade was carried on under the sanction of
express law, and by citizens of New England
States. Our governments were governments of the
white race. Upon the revolution, this primary
principle "was not abandoned, but has been tena-
ciously adhered to. I believe but one State had
abolished slavery in 1776. I know that among the
multiplied causes of grievance that constrained
the colonies to rebellion was the forcing by the
British Government of the African slave trade
upon some of them against their consent. This
fact proves that the distinction arose from neces-
sity rather than choice in some of the colonies, and
it throws the responsibility of the existence of
the institution of slavery in this country upon
Great Britain; but-.so far from weakening the ar-
gument founded on the actual existence of the insti-
tution here whence became independent, it forti-
fies it. It was recognized as a legal institution,
and the circumstances that caused the recognition
cannot change the fact. The States, after the treaty
of independence in 1783, were compelled, by the
fact of its being here, to recognize it, and conform
their Government to its existence. This distinction
of races has been recognized and maintained in the
State and Federal Governments. The allowance
of any participation whatever in these Govern-
ments by blacks or Indians, or by those in which
African or Indian blood predominates—even where
slavery has been abolished, and when the blacks
and Indians were not in actual domestic servitude-
—has been merely a voluntary extension by the
whites. I believe that in no one of the States of
this Confederacy has the privilege ySt been be-
stowed upon or extended to fr$e negroes and In-
dian^ of equal suffrage in the State with the whites,
and equal eligibility to State offices of atS'y degree
with the whites. No one has elevated those races
from their political and social degradation, except
"in a degree." Positive affirmative legislation in
every instance of proposed extension, is necessary
to abrogate the American common-law, derived
from our colonial ancestors, establishing the dis-
tinction of races, and establishing also the political
inferiority and subjection of the negro and Indian,
to the white man. It i3 idle, and worse than idle,
to preach about the imprescriptible, inalienable,
and universal equality of the political rights of the
whole human family—t'o denounce all distinction
of races, of color, of intelligence, and civilization—
to declaim about the natural equality of the negro
and Indian with the white race—to inveigh against
the institution of domestic servitude established
and recognized in this country, as to those races—
and to assail the southern States that have not ab-
rogated that institution, to the same extent as some
of the eastern States, since the policy of colonial
timesceased to have influence upon the latter. The
true rule is, that until the political inferiority and
subjection of the blacks and Indians to the white -
race is changed by positive affirmative laws enacted
by competent sovereign authority, and which may
elevate their condition in a greater or less degree,
throughout the whole extent of this empire, in every
part of this Government, Federal, State, and Ter-
ritorial, that status of inferiority and subjection
attaches to those races. It is a fundamental prin-
ciple of the Government. It is recognized -and
maintained in the Federal Constitution, and the
Federal Government is based and founded upon it.
Why, sir, negro slavery in the United States was
expressly recognized by the United Slates, and
adopted m and by the very first treaty the United
States made with Great Britain '—in the treaty of
Independence—that in which the British Cro\vn/ -st
admitted the United States to be a separate and free
people. In-the preliminary articles signed in'82,
and in the definitive treaty of '83, Great Britain
stipulated not to " carry off" any " negroes or other
property of the American inhabitants." John Adams,
Benjamin Franklin, John Jay, and Henry Laurens,
negotiated and signed this first treaty. So in the
treaty of Ghent with Great Britain in 1814, nego-
tiated by John Cluincy Adams, H. Clay, Albert
Gallatin, Jonathan Russell, and James A. Bayard,
she makes a like stipulation as to " slaves" "and
the United States subsequently received and paid
to the owners a large sum for slaves enrried-off in
violation of the first article of this treaty. Our
statute book is replete with acts founded on the
^distinction 1 have stated, and recognizing the in-
1 stitution of negro slavery as the lex legun\of the
land; not less binding if unwritten, and in force,
wherever positive sovereign State legislation has
not repealed it.
This rule I have advanced as to the distinction
between the races; and the institution of domestic
servitude is expressly adopted in the third clause
of the second section of the first article of the
Constitution, settling the basis of representation '
and of direct taxes in the Federal Government.
That clause provides that the ratio shall be obtained
" by adding to the whole number of free persons,
' including "those bound to service for a term of
