1849.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
49
30th Cong 1st Sess.
Territorial Government of Oregon—Mr. Westcott.
New Series No. 4.
« years, and excluding; Indians not taxed, three-
< fifths of all other persons."
The fourth clause of same article, with reference
to a capitation tax, contains a like recognition.
The first clause of the ninth section of the same
article, which provides that " the migration or im-
« portation of such persons as any of the States now
* existing shall think proper to admit, shall not
* be prohibited by the Congress prior to the year
4 eighteen hundred and eight; but a tax or duty
5 may be imposed on such impoitation notexceed.-
* ing ten dollars for each person," not only recog-
nizes and sanctions the distinction stated, and the
institution of domestic servitude, but the ri^ht of i
citizens of the States is recognized by the Federal !
Government to purchase slaves in Africa or other [
foreign countries, and to import them into the i
United States as slaves at any time prior to 1808. |
•Up to that period the slave trade was sanctioned by ;
the Federal Constitution. !
The third clausc of section second, article fourth, !
which provides that " no person held to service or j
* labor in one State under the laws, escaping into .
* another, shall* in consequence of any law or reg- ,
* ulation therein, be discharged from such service ,
* or labor, but shall be delivered up on claim of the
* party to whom such service or labor may be due,"
also recognizes the institution of domestic servitude; i
and the several States, in assenting to it, expressly ]
agreed to yield their aid and assistance to sustain itf I
according to the stipulation recited. ;
The third clause of section eight, article first, ,
delegating to Congress the authority to regulate j
commerce with the u Indian tribes," likewise rec- !
ognizes the distinction between those tribes and j
the white citizens of this Government, which, in j
our negotiations with them, and in all our laws re- ;
specting them, has uniformly been adhered to. j
But it is asserted that these provisions only j
recognize slavery as is existing in the States re- j
spectively, and not as extending beyond the limits t
of those States. This bold pretence is the basis of
the whole argument by which it is attempted to
uphold and justify the interposition of Congress to
break down the distinction between the white and
the colored races, by prohibiting the institution of
domestic servitude, and placing whites, negroes,
and Indians upon the same platform of personal,
political, and social equality. Its inconsistency
with the facts that cannot be controverted as to the
foundation of the distinction, and the origin of the
institution in this country, is, it seems to me, an j
all-sufficient answer. It is not consistent with the ;
principles sanctioned by Congress, and the con- j
struction it has placed upon these constitutional |
provisions, and their effect, when the very first
law enacted in pursuance of the authority to sup-
press the foreign slave trade after the first of Jan-
uary, 1808, (see note as to slave-trade acts jn
appendix,) was passed. That law (passed pro- !.
spectively Maich 1807) contains provisions to ji
suppress the foreign slave trade; but the 8th sec-''
tion contains also a proviso that nothing in it i|
"shall extend to prohibit the taking on board, or |:
* transporting on any river or inland bay of the sea, j
4 within the jurisdiction of the United States, any ji
* negro, mulatto, or person of color, (not imported
* contrary to the provisions of this act,) in any
* vessel or species of craft whatever." And the \[
9th section provides that vessels "sailing coastwise jj
4 from any port in the United States to any port or !;
4 place within the jurisdiction of the same," having j;
•on board negroes, &c., "for the purpose of trans- jj
' porting them to be sold or disposed of as slaves, i|
* or to be held to service or labor," shall provide '
manifests, describing the slave and stating his ^
owner's name and residence, and that, "under the j
laws of the State" such slave is transported from, !•
he is "held to service or labor;" and the collector j,
of the customs shall thereupon issue a clearance, ;l
&c.; and by the 10th section the collector of the i;
port of destination is directed to give a permit to -j
land such slave, on production of the manifest and
clearance and compliance with the law. These j
provisions are enforced by the infliction of pecu- i,
niary penalties, and by forfeiture of vessel and j
furniture, for a violation of them. '
Does not this law recognize slavery as existing ;
beyond the limils and jurisdiction of any State
where it exists—on the high seas, the highway of ]
nations, where no jurisdiction of this country but jj
that of the Federal Government can operate, in a u
vessel perhaps of Maine, Massachusetts, or New !
j York, and m cases where the slave js taken by the j
master beyond such limits voluntarily? Does not j
the same principle apply to the taking of a. slave 1
beyond the limits of a slave State into a Federal '
Territory? The question as to what particular
law of slavery operates in a Federal Temtory,
what State institution of domestic servitude is to
be recognized'and to govern, is readily answered.
The right to the service and labor of the slave—
the term and nature of the servitude—depends in
; each case, upon the institutions of the State in"
[ which the right originated, and as they existed
! when the slave was taken from such State. This
is the rule on the removal of slaves from one
State to another. The right cannot be stiength-
! ened or weakened by such removal, except by the
I exercise of the sovereign power of the political
jurisdiction into which the slave-is transpoued;
! and then the power of abrogation does not extend
i beyond the limits of such jurisdiction, but is sub-
| ject to the restrictions ot the third clause of the
! eighth section of the .fourth aiticle of the Consti-
tution, belore cited. The local municipal police
■ lasvs of a State, and also of a Territory, by which
slavery, when admitted to exist, is regulated, and
the right of the master protected, and by which
; the slave also is protected, may be more or less
1 efficient and salutary, as the feelings or policy of
those who enact them may dictate; but the con-
| ^titutional right of the slaveholder to take his slave
into a Federal Territory is still the same, whatever
: difficulties, neglect, or refusal to fulfill their just
I duties, on the part of the Territorial Government,
! may create, or how much soever such omission
j may lessen the value of his slave property. And
, such government can enact no law that will impair
\ his constitutional rights to his property.
I Again: the abandonment of the rule of distinc-
s tion between the white and colored races, which I
i have adverted to as a part of the common law of
| this Government, will lead, in the very cases now
! under consideration by the Senate, ^to results not
; merely absurd, but shocking. It is admitted that,
j upon the cession, the citizens of California and
j New Mexico, who chose to remain there, became
i ipso facto citizens of this Government. This is the
I lule of the law of nations; and it is also expressly
i recognized and reiterated in the eighth and ninth
articles of the treaty with Mexico, which gives
j them the right to "retain the character" of " Mex-
! ican citizens'* if they declare their intention so to
i do within a year from the final ratification of the
treaty, and which also provides that those who do
| not make such declaration "shall be considered
j to have elected to have become citizens of the Um-
; ted'States;" and stipulates that " those who shall
not pieserve the character of citizens of the Mex- }
ican Republic," as stipulated, "shall be mcorpo- |
| lated into the Union of the United States, and be ,
[ admitted at the proper time (to be judged of by j
i the Congress of the United States) to the enjoy- j
i ment ot all the rights of citizens of the United
' States, accordaig to the principles of the Consu-
' tution," &c.
i Provisions, similar in their character and effect,
! though less useless verbosity is used, are to be
: found in the Louisiana treaty, and in*the Florida
| tieaty, with respect to the " inhabitants" (the teim
I employed in the former treaties) of these Ternto-
! nes at the time of their cession respectively.
| Was it ever pretended or supposed that by the
! cession of Louisiana the negroes and Indians m it,
' or by the cession of the Floridas the negroes arid
1 Indians there, became entitled to the privileges ,i
stipulated m tnose treaties as equal American ciu- ;
1 zens by the application of this boasted theory of!!
. the "universal equality of human lights," unaf- jj
lected by considerations relating to race or color, ;|
civilization or condition ? lf*30, Oceola, Wild Cat, ij
Jumper, and the other hostile Seminole chiefs ;j
should have been arraigned and prosecuted, tried |j
and punished, for treason as free citizens, and not
treated as Indians. It 13 now too late to proceed j]
by indictment against citizen Arpiarka, who yet ij
remanis m the Everglades, though there might be '!
some trouble in arresting that "citizen" by the j!
marshal, even with the posse coiriilalus. If the doc- j!
tnnes of the Senator f'rotn New Hampshire [Mr. <j
Hale] and others, urged here and elsewhere, pre- ;j
vail, and the rule ot the law of nations I have ji
slated, sustained by the Supreme Court of the ;i
United States on more than one occasion, (see note
C, appendix,) is applied to them* we shall becom-
pelled to receive not merely the white citizens of
California and New Mexico, but the peons, ne-
| groes, and Indians of all sorts, the wild tribo. of
I the Camanche% the bug-and-lizard-eating " Dig-
! gers," and other half-monkey savages in those
! countries, as equal citizens of the United States.
Then, as they exceed the whites in numbers in
those Territories, hut-for their unhappy ignorance
of their inestimable rights, and the legitimate
modes of enforcing them, they could readily con-
trol the governments there. They could-send
[ hither Peon or Camanche, or Digger or negro del-
egates, at the first election; and when they organ-
ize States there, and are admitted here, may imve
others of the same or some other equal caste for
Governors and Judges, and Senators and Repre-
sentatives in the Federal Congress. This is one
of the glorious results of a disregard of the distinc-
tion between the white and colored races, thai is
sought by some in this country, and which we
have heard of in this Chamber. Can the Senator
| from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] regard this as
; "a consummation devoutly to be wished?-" [Mr.
j Hale. 1 have not so contended.] But it is, in
j my opinion, the conclusion and result of the prin-
ciples the honorable Senator sustains.
Mr. President, by adherence to the principles
handed down to us by the statesmen of the Revo-
lution, who were as true men in the cause of politi-
cal liberty, and as devoted to justice and human
rights as any of the new lights of the present age,
and which principles are ingrafted on the Constitu-
tionjnoneofthesedifficulties can occur. The colored
races—the Guachenangoes, the Peons, the Catrian-
chcs, the Diggers, and the Negioes, will all remain
in their appropriate condition—that which is best
suited to them, and in which necessity requires
they should remain for the well-being and security
of the whole community; and none but those free
whiles, who only, under the principles -of our
Government and our institutions, " according to
the principles of the Constitution," can be free
citizens of all the States, will become entitled to that
privilege, either under the law of nations or under
the stipulations of the treaty. The treaty was
framed witjbrefeience to our institutions, and is-to
be construct! and executed in harmony with them.
If I am correct m the principles I have advanced,
all inquiries as to whether there was or was not,
prior to the cession of California and New Mexico,
laws there, either of the local governments or of
the Central Government 'of Mexico, excluding the
institution of domestic servitude as recognized in
this Government, are entirely useless. Those laws,
if such existed, are annulled by the cession.
So, too, investigations as to the existence &nd
character of Pton servitude in those Territories are
wholly unnecessary. The result can in no respect
affect the question of the institution of domestic
servitude as recognized in this Government. If I
have been correctly informed, Peon servitude origi-
nates in the local municipal laws of Mexico for the
collection of debts from pauper debtors, not dis-
similar to insolvent laws and pauper laws, now or
recently in force in some of the non-slavehokling
States of this Union, authorizing the disposal of
the person, and the control of the services and
labor of thp insolvent, for the payment of his credit-
ors, or of the pauper for the benefit of the public,
and which laws apply to all races and colors. Such
laws have been m force in some of the States with
respect to vagrants. Odious as some may esteem
such l(uvs in their operation upon free citizens,
possessing equal rights, and so forth, and r^ ug-
nant as they may be to the great principles of
" human rights and of civil and political liberty,"
they are an amelioration of the old laws under
which the creditor could immure his debtor in a
prison, ai\d keep him incarcerated there, without
bail or mainprise. Such local municipal laws ofCali-
fomia and New Mexico, whether enacted by those
States or by the Central Government of Mexico,
if in force at the cession, not being inconsistent
with our institutions, not being an exercise of ulti-
mate sovereign power, but merely of the ordinary
law-making authority, would remain in force until
repealed prospectively by the competent legisla-
tive authority of these Territories.
Mr. President, 1 have been unable to find in the
Federal Constitution but two provisions relating,
