1848.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
51
30th Cong 1st Sess.
Territorial Government of Oregon—Mr. Wesicott.
true rule is, that Territories arc in the same cate- |
gory as Slates, except where the Constitution ex- :j
press! y confers additional or extraordinary powers
with respect to Territories, as in the clause of the
4th article before cited; and that such powers, as
before insisted, must he, in their character, and
the exercise of them must be, consistent with the
elemental laws of the Government, and not viola-
tive of the restrictions or prohibitions in the Con-
stitution as to its general legislation. It may be
well to observe, that if the clause of the 1st article
refeired to has any beating: on the subject of s!a- '
very, it applies to (he Slates; and under it, the ,
power by Congress to interdict the removal of!
slaves from one State to another may be claimed !
with equal force as to a Territory. 'The removal
or emigration of slaves (especially if not foi;s«£e
*nerely) from one part of the Union to another,
(and in the term Union I am willing to include the
Territories, giving the provision full effect as to
them.) is not within the meaning of^the term |
«' commerce;" and if otherwise, the power to ilreg- ':
ulate commeice" is given to promote it, and can- !l
not rightfully be wielded to annihilate it. With >|
respect to slaves—and whether considered as prop- >|
erty or as "persons," is. in my judgment, entirely
immaterial, or at any rate by no means decisive of T
the question—each Stale exclusively has the power '
to regulate their introduction, or to prohibit it with ;;
respect to itself, as it may deem best. Mr. Clay, \
in his admirable speech on abolition petitions, de- ]
jivered in this Chamber on the 7th of February, !
1839, successfully assails the construction placed ,
on the clause of the Constitution quoted, giving to j
Congress any power as to slaves and slavery; but i
the argument of Mr. R. J. Walker, in the Supreme j
Court of the United States, in Groves vs. Siaugh- |
ter, in 1841, (Appendix, 15 Peters' Reports,) ij
should put it to rest forever. (See also "The City !■
of New York m. Milne," 11 Peters, 109.) That
argument of Mr. Walker has, in my judgment, 'i
never been excelled, if equaled, by any made in
that court. If its distinguished author had done
nothing else, the masterly ability, profound learn-
ing, and accomplished eloquence it displays, would
be sufficient to place him in the very first rank
of the eminent constitutional jurists and statesmen
this country has produced.
A critical examination of the phraseology of the
clause 1 have referred to of the fourth article, re-
specting Territories, word by word, will prove that
the powers intended to he conferred on Congress
as to Territories are limited. The terms employed
are peculiarly cautious and restrictive. Congress
is not, as it is with respect to the District of Co-
lumbia, dock-yards, arsenals, &c., invested with
the power of" exclusive legislationthe terms are
not that, as to Territories, or the people of the*
Territories, Congress may "form," " constitute,''''
"ordain,^ or "establish" governments for them— j
the usual phrases to "pass lawsor " enact laics" '
for those Territories and people are not used; and l
it is authorized only to " make," (not general laws i
of every character,) hut merely " rules and regu- j,
lations" respecting the territory (as " property") :i
or "other property belonging to the United States," j|
and those " rules and regulations" must be "need- |'
ful;" the power cannot be exercised except m |
vnses of necessity. I repeat, this carefully-worded jj
clciuse was obviously intended to be restrictive. A ij
comparison of it with other clauses of the Consti- |
tution that I have indicated, proves'this. It cannot !!
be made consistent and harmonious with those'!
other parts of the Constitution, without so regard- j!
iflg it. Such construction gives a definite mean- ij
ing to each word in it, and to each word in the i[
other clauses, some of which would otherwise be jj
unmeaning. This power—not to form constitu- \ \
tions, not to prescribe and ordain fundamental po- l!
luteal laws, not to exercise ''exclusive" legislative ij
powers, not even to enact general laws; but the j|
, limited, restricted authority to " make" temporaly j|
"rules," or municipal police " regulations" of a i j
local character, respecting the " property" of the jj
United States, designated as "the territory be- 11
longing to the United States," not " respecting" :■
or for the people there—is the sole basis of the as- 11
serted right to exercise illimitable sovereign author- i:
ity over Territories, and the people lesiding in ji
them, and their posterity. The omnipotent, su- j;
preme, arbitrary power claimed for Congress,
springs exclusively from those dozen and a half*'
words. They compose the whole foundation of
the mighty and magnificent superstructure of fed-
eral power, which the people of this country are
told ts based on the Federal Constitution. If I am
in error, I demand to be informed of that part of
the Constitution specifically delegating to Congress
power of any kind, or to do anything, with respect
to Territories, besides this I have quoted. As I
have before said, I do not question the power of
Congress being, with respect to genei'al legislation
for Territories, the same precisely as is its power
with respect to the States, and derived in the same
way; and I intend my argument only to refer to
special and extraordinary legislation as loTerritories,
and to limit its application to the principlethat such
special legislation as necessity may demand, is to be
controlled by the same general rules.
The constitutional power to make war and the
treaty power ha^e been invoked in aid of the claim
made for Congress of supreme legislative authority
over the Territories and their people. The right
to conquer, to receive cessions of, and to annex
foreign territory and their inhabitants, is said to
be incident to these powers—to be implied and de-
rived from them—and then the right and power to
govern such Territories and people, is further im-
plied as a necessary result. In my judgment, this
argument is outside of the true question, and has
little to do with it. Concede it fully, and it proves
i nothing tending to establish the power claimed,
j Anterior to a treaty of peace, and either an express
i cession thereby of the conquered territory, or the
confirmation of our hostile possession of it by the
vii possidetis, such territory is regarded as foreign
territory, and (except our own citizens and neutrals
there) its inhabitants are our alien enemies, subject
to the laws of war. Doubtless the right to govern
such foreign territory and alien enemies in it accord-
ing to the laws of nations and laws of war, is an
incident to, and is derived from, and founded upon
thewjflrpowerof theFederal Government. Though
it should not be allowed, it may be exercised fully
by the Executive authority of the Government in
conducting the war, without any previous legisla-
tion, except that declaring the existence of war—I
say should not be allowed, for the reason that it is
more congenial to the spirit of our institutions that
arbitrary power, and especially military power,
should, in every case that can occur under this
Government, be regulated and restrained, if prac-
ticable, by previous legislation. That the despotic
will of any Executive functionary or of any mili-
tary commander should be the only rule for the
government of any people not in arms, not enter-
taining belligerent purposes—a conquered and sub-
dued people—and when there is no imperative
necessity for it, is an idea revolting to the spirit
and genius of our institutions. The exercise of
such power in a distant and enemy's country, and
as to its people may not affect our citizens, but it
is pcrnicious in its example and influences. Jt is
objectionable on account of the extension of offi-
cial patronage with no restraint but the discretion
of the Executive or military officer dispensing it,
resulting from its exetcisc under the laws of na-
tions and the laws of war, if not regulated by
legislation here. Of the constitutional power of
Congress to restrain and direct by legislation the
Executive as to the conduct of a war, in all re-
spects, I havf-S no question. I do not doubt that
Congress can rightfully prohibit the marching of
troops in time of war beyond our own boundaries,
and forbid, under any circumstances, the invasion
of the country of the enemy. Congress may pre-
scribe the mode in which an enemy's territory in
possession of our forces shall be governed under
the laws of war. Such legislation is an ameliora-
tion of the law of the sword, which would other-
wise prevail. But until the conquest of a foreign
territory is consummated, as I have stated, the
Federal Constitution does not extend to such ter-
ritory, except as to our own citizens; nor do our
general laws extend there, and it is governed a§
foreign territory. When it becomes annexed by
either process suggested, the case is different.
Then the territory has become as other territory of
the United States. It is subject to the same con-
stitutional and other laws; and ail the power of
Congress to govern it is derived from the same
source, and is similarly restrained as it is with
respect to other Territories. The ultimate power
implied from the power of war, of conquest, and
of treaty, is that of annexation merely; and the
only power to govern that can be implied from it
is a power to govern under the Constitution, and
according to the principles of the Constitution, as
alt Territories, however acquired, must.be gov-
erned. There is no distinction between territory
acquired by war, conquest, consummation of con-
quest, or cession, and consequent annexation, than
territory acquired by discovery and occupation, or
by peaceful purchase and annexation following it.
I take this occasion to recur to some remarks
made by me in this Chamber in December, 1846,
upon introducing a resolution suggesting the form-
ation of temporary civil governments in the Mex-
ican provinces then in possession of our forces, in
which I urged that the Federal Constitution did
not extend to them without express directory
legislation by Congress to that effect, and from
whence I argued the expediency of such legisla-
tion. This is identical with what I have just ad-
vanced, and entirely consistent with the argument
that the Constitution is in force as to all territory
of the United States that has been legally annexed;
and I refer to what I then urged to correct misap-
prehensions in relation to it, and to show its con-
sistency with what I have now said, and shall
further say before I close. All know th&t the v'ov
with Mexico then "existed." Those provinces
had been subdued by our arms, and were in our
undisturbed possession, as we were officially in-
formed by the President, who recommended such
measures. Our conquests were not, however, then
consummated by cession, and the provinces had
not been annexed to the United States. They were
then foieign territory. Their free white inhabit-
ants were not, by the naked conquest, made citi-
zens of the United States. It was because of all
this that the Federal Constitution and its princi-
ples, as I then urged, did not extend over these
Territories, except as to our own citizens there.
Whilst the war existed, the Mexicans there were
our alien enemies, subject to the authority of this
Government, under the laws of nations and the
laws of war; and I proposed merely to substitute
civil regulations more congenial to our Govern-
ment than an arbitiary military despotism for the
latter.
In exercising the powers delegated by the Con-
stitution with respect to Territories, Congress
should,besides adhering to the rules of fundamental
law I have before commented on, conform to all
the prohibitions on its powers as to legislation on
other subjects, or with respect to the States, that
can he made to apply to legislation for such Terri-
tories. On all occasions, and in every case, such
prohibitions should be given full force and effect.
They should always be looked to as beacons to
direct the course of legislation from improper chan-
nels—as landmarks to guide in following the true
path. The argument that these prohibitions do
not apply in terms to Territories should have no
weight in such legislation, except to secure the
removal of all doubt by their extension and adop-
tion by express law as to all Territories, and to
control all legislation respecting them. I give no
weight to the exploded false federal postulate that
Congress can do whatever may be esteemed " ne-
cessary and proper,"and for "(hegeneral welfare,"
if it is not expressly prohibited by the Constitu-
tion, or if The authority can he gathered from fugi-
tive implications. The notion that^a legislator
should be estimated more highly because of his
ingenuity in contrivances to evade the restrictions
of the constitutional compact, in the exercise of
power by the Federal Government, should not be
encouraged. Such rules leave Congress afloat on
the trackless ocean of expediency, without a pilot,
and to go whither the popular caprice of the dom-
inant party may force it. In past times, some
legislators of unequaied ability in making excuses
and finding justifications for doing that which shey
had no right to do,—even some denying the power
of Congress to charter a national bank in the Slates
—havewandered in seaich of that"vagrantpower"
into this District, and into the Territories; where
thev have supposed they found H, unaffected by
constitutional impediments as to the States, and then
have satisfied their consciences that they could in
this District, or in a Territory, establish it'for the
States. I advert to this, because if the doctrines
contended for by those who urge the adoption of
the Wilmot proviso as to these Territories be cor-
