52
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 25,
30th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Territorial Government of Oregon—Mr. Westcott-.
Senate.
rect, there is not a constitutional restriction or pro-
hibition, with reference to the powers of Congress
relating to the States, that may not be evaded by
legislation, as to Territories disregarding them.
The old-fashioned, well-settled Democratic rule, is
that of strict construction—that Congress has no
powers that have not been expressly .delegated to
it, or that cannot be clearly, directly, and necessa-
rily implied; and these principles are maintained
in the 9th and 10th amendments to the Constitu-
tion, and strict adherence to them will preserve
concord and harmony in the Confederacy.
^ Many of the prohibitions in the Constitution do,
however, in fact apply to legislation for Territories;
are general, and extend to all legislation wherever
to be enforced. For instance, the Constitution
says, "no bill of attainder, &e., shall be passed."
" Congres^shall make no law respecting an estab-
lishment of religion," &c. title of nobility
shall be granted," &c. "The privilege of the
writ of habeas corpus shall not be suspended," &c\;
all of which prohibitions restrain legislation for
Territories as well as for the States, unless, for-
sooth, it should be implied these prohibitions are
confined to legislation for the States, under the rule
I have controverted. No 14 rules or regulations |
respecting a Territory," violative of these restric-
tions, would be valid. The argument on the other
side proves too much, if it proves that those pro-
hibitions do not apply to Territories.
Full and unrestricted power to form and establish,
governments for Territories to be admitted as
States was not delegated to Congress. It was in-
tended to confine it to cases ?>f necessity. Doubt-
less the repugnancy of such delegation to the
elemental laws of this Government, and that com-
petent authority did not exist to make such delegation,
were among the reasons for withholding it. I
mean a power to frame constitutions under which
new States were to be received into the Confed-
eracy, or to do more- than make temporary needful
rules and regulations respecting the Territory,
anterior to such admission. The constitutional
convention was for the States, and had delegated
to it their powers only. How, I ask, became it
invested with the sovereignty of, or over, the
people of all future colonies or territories, acquired
by discovery or conquest, or ceded to the Federal
Government m all time to come? Had the people
of the "respective States" such prospective un-
qualified sovereignty as to acquisitions by the Fed-
eral Government, then being modeled and consti-
tuted, half a ce ntury in advancc of such acquisition ?
1 deny it. Such doctrine is revolting to the fun-
damental principles of our republican institutions.
Neither the States possessed then, nor the States
or the Federal Government possess now, any power
whatever with respcct to such Territories, beyond
what is strictly necessary or " needful" to enable
the proper disposition of the public "property"
therein, with the object, and to secure the ultimate
admission of such Territories into the Confederacy,
in accordance with those piinciples. The organi-
zation of "free, sovereign, and independent States,"
and the augmentation of the power and increase of
the prosperity of the Confederation, and the ex-
tension of the area of republican constitutional lib-
erty, by the admission into the Union of such
State, on terms of equality with its other members,
are the only legitimate objects for sifch acquisi-
tions, and should be the cardinal rules for their
"regulation"' by the United States until admitted.
Would it not be a violation of those elemental
Jaws to force a constitution, even if unobjectionable
in its provisions, upon the citizens of those Terri-
tories, in advance of such admission, and against
their consent? If it contained provisions not
requisite to effect that entire harmony with the
Federal Constitution necessary for their admission,
or provisions hostile to the interests, or not agree-
able to the wishes of those citizens, could the at-
tempt to impose it upon them be successfully de-
fended? I suggest these queries to show that the
bestowal upon Congress by the Convention of
such powers of sovereignty—and the exclusion of
the institution of domestic servitude is one—would
have been an invasion of the inherent rights of the
people of such Territories. This objection is not
connected with that arising from the injustice to
those citizens whom it is sought in this case to
debar from emigration to those Territories, lest
they may have influence to effect the adoption of
certain rules in the fundamental political laws of
the new States, when organized, and is without
reference to the outrage upon the right of all the
States to participate in the benefit ot these Terri-
tories, the common property of all. Is it not equally
a violation of the elemental laws of this Govern-
ment to effect, by indirect restraining means, the
formation of a State government, to please a
majority of Congress on this subject, as if done
by direct coercion ? Is not the adoption of measures
here, tending to trammel or fetter the exercise of
the absolute sovereignty of the people of the Ter-
ritories, or to superinduce such exercise in a par-
ticular manner, equally an wurpation as if Con-
gress was to dictate every word and letter of the
State constitution by imperative mandate? The II
fact is, much more extensive power than that]!
granted to Congress with respect to Territories, jj
was proposed in the Convention, under which (if ij
rightfully delegated) Congress cfculd have con-^
formed and adopted the ordinance of 1787, or framed '
and imposed upon the Territories other similarly-
prescribed forms of government. The members
of that Convention had not forgotten the doctrines
of the Whigs of the Revolution ; and it rejected all
those propositions. As to the argument founded
upon the absence of positive prohibitions, express-
ly restraining Congress from exercising such sov-
ereign powers as to Territories, it would have been
absurd for those who framed, and those who
adopted and established the Federal Constitution,
to have inserted such a prohibition as to a power
which jhey had no right to delegate.
The solitary provision in the Federal Constitu-
tion authorizing any scrutiny of, or interference
with, in anywise, by the Federal Government as
to the constitutions of the States, old or nexo, is that
in section four of article four, stipulating that " the
United States shall guaranty to eveiy State of this
Union a republican form of government," &c.
This is the defined limit of its review of such con-
stitution either before or after admission of the
State, and any intermeddling or action by Con-
gress at any time, direct or indirect, outside that
limit, is an unconstitutional encroachment on the
rights of the people of the State thus interfered
with, and upon the rights of the others, whose
citizens may be injuriously affected by s ch irregu-
lar obtrusion.
Mr. President, I will reiterate that if the con-
stitutional authority of Congress, with respect to
slavery and slaves, is not held since 1808, to be
limited to legislation respecting the "migration or
importation" of persons from abroad, the conse-
quence follows that the power of Congress since
i 1808, as to all the States, and as to the District of
Columbia, and as to forts, arsenals, dock-yards,
' public lands, &c., and as to all the Territories,
(except to the extent of abolishing the institution
of domestic servitude within a State against its
consent, and by a direct and positive mandatory
congressional edict,) is plenary and unrestrained!
It can then assail the institution even in the States,
by laws restraining the locomotion of citizens with
their slaves beyond the limits of such State, and
it can inflict innumerable annoyances upon the
slaveholder, though remaining with his slaves in
his State, by singling out this species of property
as the subject of special regulation, exaction, and
restraint, and by withholding the*operation of
| remedial enactments from it. Is this doctrine to be
' tolerated? There are some who boldly maintain
! it; but the South has hitherto been assured they
I were few in numbers, and mostly ignorant, mis-
1 guided fanatics, having little influence, and un-
worthy of serious notice. Recent occurrences
indicate the accession of auxiliaries to their ranks.
I hope the combination of the ultra abolitionists
and others actuated by hostility to the South,
(though differently excited,) and their rallying to-
gether under the flag distinguished by the clap-
ij trap motto of "free labor and free soilmay not
jj jesult in the testing of this doctrine. When the
;i crisis comes, it will be found that it and the Union
!j cannot be sustained together. Equally dangerous
I i enemies to the Union are those who, to create a dis-
tinction between the States and this District and the
, Territories, and thereby justify action by Congress
\ \ as to the latter, and to prevent immediate excitement
!' in the slaveholding States as to their own secuiity,
II now admit that the States are all direct parties to
W the Constitution, and have direct, express, and
unequivocal guarantees in it againstaCongressional
legislation directly affecting the Slates, which, they
contend, do not exist but as to the States; and that
as to this District, &c., and as to all Territories,
Congress is without restraint. It is said Territo-
ries are necessarily dependent on Congress for the
primary establishment of their governments, and
for their support; and that plenary power to gov-
ern without restraint results from such dependence
and such necessity. As I have before admitted,
imperative necessity may excuse, if not justify,/the
exerciseof power even not founded on strict right.
But its exercise beyond that necessity is not only
without right, but without excuse. Is the exclu-
sion of the South and of its institutions from those
Territories demanded by such inexorable necessity?
Is it indispensable to the safety and security of those
Temtories, and the interests of the Federal Gov-#
ernment therein, that the South should be denied
ail participation in them? If not,-there is no excuse
even for $e exerciseof such power. The depend-
ent and defenceless condition—the weakness of the
people of a far distant and sparsely populated Ter-
ritory, without effective means of resistance to
federal tyranny, which a State may have, not
merely in its own strength, but in the sympathy
arising from close neighborhood and association,
and the congenial interests of sister States—may
be a prudential consideration, weakening motives
for withholding the exercise of arbitrary and
usurped power by the Federal Government as to
Territories; but surely it is n-o argument in favor
i of the tight. Have the most astute of those who
i contend for such right pointed out a single guar-
antee-to the Slates contained in the Constitution, in
i anywise relating to slaves and slavery, that is ex-
pressly confined to the States, and that does not
extend to citizens of the Territories? Has the
I distinction they assert been established? Is the
' guarantee in the Constitution, in the 9th and 10th
amendments—which stipulate "that the enumera-
tion in the Constitution of certain rights shall not
be construed to deny or disparage others retained
hy the people;" and that "the powers not delegated
to the United States by the Constitution, nor pro-
hibited *by it to the States, are reserved to the
States respectively, or to the people"—limited to
the States exclusively? Is the term " people" there
employed, in contradistinction to the terms "the
States respectively," confined exclusively to the
people of the. States? It is not. I invoke it as
applicable—as meant to include "the people"—
the citizens of the United States in the Territories—
all citizens, wherever located.
1 concede that the Constitution is a compact be-
tween the States alone. As 1 have urged, it is true
that no provision of that instrument, but that I have
quoted from the fourth article, refers, in specific
and precise terms, to the territory beyond the
boundaries of the States. I know that the Supreme
Court of the United States has decided in the case,
in 1st Peters' Reports, which I have before referred
to, that the judges of the Territorial courts, though
appointed by the President and Senate, under au-
thority of an 'act of Congress, are not " constitu-
tional" federal courts; and that Congress has re-
peatedly affirmed, by its legislation, that those
judges may be appointed for a term of years, and
not " during good behavior," as all federal judges
are required by the Constitution to be. These
concessions afford no giound forargument in favor
of the asserted "power. As to the tenure of judi-
cial office in the Territories, it should be noticed,
the office itself, under the Territorial government,
I; is but temporary. The provision m the Constitu-
,i tion as to the term of office of the judges, obvi-
jj ously applies only to those of the permanent
j] federal courts, and not to those the organization
ji and duration of which render such provision in-
appropriate to them. Admitting, however, the
j| correctness of the position, that Congress, in its
j legislation for Territories, is not restrained by spe-
,! cific and positive prohibitions in the Federal Con-*
j1 stitution in express terms, and that it was made
;j for the States, and to regulate the Federal Gov-
ernrnent in its legislation as to them; unless the
; doctrine can be established that the Federal Govern-
ment of and for such States, has the inherent sov-
|j ereignty of the people of a Territory in its custody,
j| and has, till such Territory becomes a State, the
|j right to exercise jt, the power now asserted for
'J Congress does not exist.
