1848.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
30th Cong 1st Sess.
Territorial Government of Oregon-*—Mr. Westcott.
Senate. '
feast six Territories, (Mississippi, Orleans, Mis-
souri, Alabama, Arkansas, and Florida,) is just as
strong a precedent on the one side, as the action
of the Congress of the Confederation as to the
Northwest Territory, and the subsequent acts of
Congress referring to the ordinance, are on the
other.
The reference to the ordinance, and the reitera-
tion of its provisions as to slavery, in acts of Con-
gress relating to the ^Territories of Ohio, Illinois,
Indiana, Michigan, Wisconsin, and Iowa, nearly
all of which States were originally included within
it, shows that the original validity of the ordinance,
and its being operative per se, was regarded as
questionable. The act of August 7, 1789, fortifies
this view. It is recited, " whereas, in order that
the ordinance may contmve to have full effect,"&c.,
and then modifies the ordinance. Why else such
legislation? If the ordinance was valid, such act
did not grant any additional strength. It will be
noticed that, as to the territory it covers, the ordi-
nance purports to be for all time to come. By the
article respecting slavery, it is excluded "forever"
from the Northwest Territory; thus attempting to
bind the future sovereign State government. The
same word is in the 8th section of the Missouri
compromise act of 1820.
When the fact is considered, that all proposi-
tions in the constitutional Convention to bestow
upon Cpngress powers adequate to prescribe such
fundamental political law were rejected, and the 3d
section of the 4th article of the Constitution adopted
—the only clause at all defining the powers of
Congress ns to territories—and also the non-rati-
fication and continuance of the ordinance in the
Constitution; it seems to me its abrogation from
the date of the adoption of the Constitution must
be conceded. Certainly* if the ordinance is incon-
sistent with any provisions of the Constitution or
its principles, it must yield to their paramount
force.
As to any admissions of the power of Congress,
either that of the Confederation, or of the Congress
of the Constitution, implied from the action as to
the Northwest Territory, a reasonable man can
imagine, that with respect to all that country, the
members from slaveholding States would be less
vigilant in their scrutiny of enactments than if
made for Territories in which the interests of the
South might be practically injured. Unsuspicious
of the establishment of precedents to be years
afterwards cast in the teeth of their successors, as
concessions of principles, and an abandonment of
claim to rights—reposing in confidence that their
uniformly liberal course towards their fellow-citi-
zens of the non-slaveholding States was sincerely
reciprocated—averse to.caviling with any of their
sister States, with whom they had stT>od shoulder
to shoulder through the Revolution, and out of
which contest all had just come triumphant over
their common oppressor; even if the ordinance of
1787 did contain the concessions and admissions
it is argued that it does, it is entitled to little re-
spect; and, with all respect I would say, cannot
be urged with becoming American feeling as an
estoppel against the South. No man in any section
of the Union, or of any party or faction, can doubt
that if the southern delegates, in 1787, had been
admonished of the use to be made of that law
thereafter—if they had been forewarned that it
would be put forth as an admission of the power
of the Federal Government to assail southern
rights, piostrate southern interests, and degrade
the southern States from their rightful^ political
equality—that they would not have, unanimously,
and at once, indignantly spurned it. Can any one
believe that the southern States would ever have
made the cessions of territory they did make to
the Confederacy, for the common benefit, if they
had entertained a suspicion of the course that would
be pursued ? Would Virginia have relinquished the
very territory over which the ordinance was ex-
pended, if she could have foreseen that the hostile
measure on a subject vital to her, and of which
an incipient step is now sought to be* taken, would
be consummated, and that this ordinance would
be tortured into a confession by her of the power
to adopt such measures? Would she not have
resisted its enactment to extremities, if she had
imagined it was asnare ? Would her distinguished
statesmen who aided in its adoption have given
such aid, had they suspected it contained covert
and latent concessions? Would any of the south-
ern States have ratified the Federal Constitution,
if they had anticipated that its provisions and its
guarantees would be so construed by the other
States as to effect that result in reference to the
institution of domestic servitude, now attempted
to be accomplished ? No, sir! They did not sup-
pose it possible that in less than a third of a
century attempts would be made to exclude their
citizens from the privilege of emigration, with col-
ored domestics, to an-y Territories acquired by the
Confederacy, to be held to service or labor there;
and that within little moie than half a century the
party cry of " fiee soil and free labor" would be
heard rallying sectional and fanatical prejudice to
the aid of faction in its efforts to dishonor and
degrade the South by such exclusion. Had the
slaveholding States so conjectured, who can doubt
that they would have resolved even to encounter
all the trials and perils of a separate political organ-
ization, and established a distinct confederacy of
their own, in preference to an alliance with those
who would place them under " ban and interdict"—
confine them as infected—as tainted with the
" leprosy" of the institution of domestic servitude,
to their own State boundaries, and hold them as
unfit and unworthy associates on equal terms, even
of those whose progenitors are equally responsible
for the establishment of that institution there, being
themselves the chief parties in the African slave
trade? If they had not, under such circumstances,
rejected such alliance, they would not have been
faithful guardians of the honor, interests, and rights
of those who were to come after them, and their i
dereliction would have proved them appropriate |
subjects for the degradation sought to be cast upon \
them.
I will now consider the argument urged with !
such earnestness, here and elsewhere, that the 8th !
; section of the act of March 6, 1820, called the j
I " compromise act," makirg provision for the form- !
i ation of a Stale constitution by the people of Mis- |
souri, is a virtual concession of the full power of {
Congress. j
It is said southern members voted for it; a south- j
ern President, (Mr. Monroe,) with a majority of j
his cabinet from the slaveholding States, (Mr. !
Crawford of Georgia, Mr. Calhoun of South Car- i
ohna, and Mr. Wiit of Virginia,) approved it; |
and that the South acquiesced in it, though it gave j
up the principles we now contend for. We have j
been asked, if they had then regarded the prohi- '
bition of slavery in Territories by act of Congress .
as an usurpation of power, why did the slave-hold-
ing States submit to that act? Why was not the
Executive veto interposed, or State interposition
resorted to?
Mr. President, no one who is.- old enough to
have witnessed the occurrences of 1819, 1820, and
1821, or who has read the history of that day at-
tentively, after full and impartial consideration of
all the circumstances connected with the formation
oftheState constitution of Missouri, in June, 1820,
and her admission as a State in 1821, can justly
resort to such argument. All know with what
almost entire unanimity and earnestness the South
resisted the restrictions proposed m lft9, in the m
bill which was lost, and in 1820 in the act referred jj
to, and that restriction in the resolution of 1821, jj
and others of a like character then attempted. All j
know they denounced the exercise of congres- :
sional power to impose them, as an usurpation, in j
excited debates, for three successive sessions, in i
this and in the other House of Congress. I shall \
append to these remarks, when published, some 1
interesting letters to and from President Monroe, ,
from and to distinguished citizens of different parts .
of the Union, while the Missouri controversy was 1
going on, and after it was settled, in verification of .
what I now say. I have procured them from his
valuable manuscripts in possession of his son-in- |
law, S.L. Gouverneur, Esq., of this city. As they j
have never before been published, they may shed ;
some light on the occurrences of that era; and I j
beg leave here to briefly advert to some of them. 1
[Mr. W. here read extracts from some of them, 1
in note E, No. 1 to 18 inclusive, appendix.] I will I
also direct the notice of the Senate and of the j
country to the tone of the then leading south- j
ern paper, the Richmond Enquirer, edited by T. }
Ritchie, Esq., the present editor of the Union. I j
have copied two extracts from his paper, which 11
shall publish. [See note E, Nos. 19 and 22, ap-1
pendix.]
For several successive years, the Enquirer con-
tained ableeditorialsj and essays written by others,
! specially aimed at, and denouncing as unconstitu-
tional, the attempts in Congress to interfere with
slavery either in the States or Territories, and in
strong language. In December, 1819, and m Jan-
uary, 1820, President Monroe caused his son-in-
law (Mr. George Hay, of Richmond, Va.) to
publish in the Enquirer a series of articles, fiom
No. 1 to No. 8, signed "jln *>1merican," contesting
the power of Congress by cogent arguments. The
i identity of language in these essays and in Mr.
j Monroe's letters, "&c., and letter of Mr. Hay,
i (note E, No. 1,) shows that if Mr. Monroe was
i not.the Writer of them, he furntehed notes, &c.,
; from which they were-written, and that they ex-
j pressed his convictions. But in February, 1820, he
■ was constrained to yield, and to favor the pro-
j posed compromise; and on the J7th of that month,
I Mr. Hay furnished the Enquirer with an article
| purporting to be an extract from a letter from
; Washington, &c., which it appears (see note E,
, No. 5) was sent by the President, and had his
J countenance, and the conclusion of this extract
i presses the compromise! [Mr. W. here read this
j extract, note E, No. 20.] Mr. Ritchie, m the
i. same paper, displays his hostility to the compro-
mise, as " neither agreeable to the Constitution
nor to our interests;" and in his next he denounces
it in the most decided terms, and says the "scheme
of a compromise," as suggested in this extract.,,
was received in Virginia "with one universal
burst of reprobation," and it is intimated that the
letter-from which the " extract" was made oould
not be from a " Virginian." Until the compromise
was adopted, every Enquirercontained strong and
emphatic denunciations of the "scheme," as a
violation of the Constitution, as an outrage, as an
insult, &c.; and after it had passed, though it
stated it should "submit," it said, <{instead of
joy, we scarcely ever recollect tasting a bitterer
cup;" and it still continued to declare the measure
as pernicious, and predicted its violation, and that
it would be used as an entering wedge for addi-
tional usurpations. This was continued through
; 1820; and m 1821, when the further compromise
, of Mr. Clay on the resolutions admitting Missouri
i was under consideration, the denunciations of the
! first compromise were renewed; and for- the nine
■ years following that I have looked into the files of
the Enquirer, I have not foufid that the compro-
mise bill of 1820 was alluded to without reiterating
the opinions it expressed in 1820.
It is due to Mr. Ritchie, however, that I should
state that he has expressed to me his desire, that
if I referred to those opinions, I should also say
that his present convictions are in favor of the ex-
tension of the Missouri compromise line to the
Pacific. He has apprehensions of peril to the har-
mony of the Union, if the question is not so set-
tled, that constrain him to accommodate his opin-
ions to such adjustment as the most likely to be
made. I refer to his former opinions for no pur-
pose of assailing those now entertained as being
inconsistent with them, but solely to show that
those I hold in unison with those he held in com*-
mon with the whole South in 1819, 1820, 1821,
and 1822, should be spared from very harsh de-
nunciation, und as being too ultra, from that quar-
ter at least. The bill of 1819, and that of 1820,
and the resolutions of 1821, wcte denounced
while pending in Congress, and after they had
been passed'by southern Legislatures, and by the
people of the South, and by nearly every southern
newspaper in equally emphatic language. Truly
this was a strange mode of " conceding"—a novel
foim of " admitting" the asserted right. But they
were overborne by numerical force here. They
were constrained to acquiesce in them, or more
odious impositions, or to " stand on their reserved
rights." Devotion to the Union, and of the love
of harmony and peace, subdued their impulses to
resistance which the outrage caused. This alone,
and not any conviction of the rightfulness of the
power exercised, induced the acquiescence now
tortured into an admission of that power.
A brief history of the Missouri bills, and of the
resolutions for the admission of that State, will
show these facts.
The first bill respecting Missouri was introduced
