56
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 25,
30th Cong 1st Sess.
Territorial Government of Oregon—Mr. 0estcott.
Senate.
April 3, 1818, but it was not acted on at the ses
sion of 1817—'18. It vita considered at the next |
session in the House, (February 13, 1819,) and
passed the House February 17,1819. The Senate
amended it. The House refused to concur in one
amendment, and finally, March 2, 1819, both
Houses " adhering" the bill was lost. This bill
provided for* the formation of a State constitution
by the "free while male citizens" of Missouri Ter-
ritory, and prohibited the further intraduction of
slavery there, except for crimes, fyc., and provided that
children of slaves bom in Missouri might be held to
service or labor till twenty-Jive years of age. The
amendment which the two-Houses disagreed on,
was that of the Senate, striking out all these
clauses respecting slavery. The vole in the Senate
was 22 to 16, and*in the House 76 to 78. During
the progress of the bill through the House, various
amendments were proposed for extending restric-
tions on the subject of slavery to the adjacent ter-
ritories, and to all territories. Mr. John Ser-
geant's resolutions to prohibit slavery in all the
territories was proposed January 15, 1819. All
those propositions were either rejected, or not
finally acted on. Great excitement prevailed
throughout the Union after Congress adjourned.
It entered into the congressional syid other elec-
tions in the recess. President Monroe was prepared,
if the bill of 1818-'19 had passed the Senate in the
form, it passed the House of Representatives, to veto it.
I hold in my hand, in his own handwriting, the
rough draught or notes of a veto message he had
prepared to meet such a contingency, and which I
will presently read to the Senate. There is other
evidence of his determination as to that bill, had
not the inflexibility of the friends of the Constitu-
tion in the Senate defeated it. Before reading this
veto message, I would ask leave of the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Corwin] to commend it to his
•special attention. In his speech on yesterday,
that Senatoi expressed the opinion that any Presi- . ....   _ , ...    
dent who dared to send a veto on this subject ji 1819, many of the most influential citizens of the
should be beheaded as atraitor! |i middle, southern, and western Statesexerted them-
Mr. Corwix1-. I am not quoted correctly. I said, ji selves to allay the alarming: excitement that per-
a President who would again and again thrust his | vaded the whole country. Conciliation by mutual
will in the way of the legislative power, and arrest ■ \ concession was deemed best, and the compromise
the popular decree, might provoke the summary j bill of next session C1819—'20) was the result It
renewed, and this very compromise urged as a
precedent for new and additional outrage of a more
grievous character, would they not all and at once
have met the difficulty by spurning the compro-
mise, and adhering to the Constitution as their
shield? Would, in such case, either one of them
have remained in Mr. Monroe's cabinet an hour
after he should have approved the bil] ? No man
who reads Mr. Monroe's draught of his veto mes-
sage, and who reads his correspondence, can doubt
that he sacrificed his opinions to preserve the har-
mony and peace of the Union. If he violated the
Constitution, it was to save the Constitution. And
yet this act is urged as a precedent! It, forsooth, is
an admission of the power that estops the South
from further denial. I admit that, with respect to
the Territory it covers, -it is a relinquishment, as far
as U can be so relinquished, of all contest as to the
claim of power; and this, those who insist on the
exclusion of slavery northwest of 36° 30' in the
j territory then possessed by the United States, and
' to which that bill applies, may have the benefit of.
This does not preclude us from insisting, as was
insisted in 1820, that the act of exclusion was an
usurpation. The South yielded to such usurpation
rather than contend with you on the question of
abstract right as to a Territory where its conces-
sion by you would be practically worthless to
them. But if the validity of the act of 1820 was
less doubtful, it is pot, under the circumstances, a
just precedent for the measure now insisted upon,
and now resisted as one of cumulative usurpation.
The exclusion now proposed as to California and
New Mexico, or a large portion of these Territo-
ries, not only outrages the rights of all, but injures
the interests of a portion of the southern States.
The act of 1820, though it was a wrong, effected
but little practical injury, as was the case with the
ordinance of 1787 over the Northwest Territory.
We claimed it by right of prior discovery and oc-
cupation.
It is true, after the compromise bill had passed
in March, 1820, the South were disposed to regard
it as a final settlement of all contests on this topic,
and to Jet it rest undisturbed. It deprecated then,
as it deprecates now, the agitation of this topic in
any way, as productive of pernicious effects at
home. Some of the other sections doubtless do
not appreciate this feeling, a«d, from their want of
knowledge, do not abstain from those courses that
outrage and excite the South. There are, however,
those who do know, and are incited by such
knowledge to such agitation. The South trusted
the agitation was settled by the act of 1820. Rut,
at the very next session, the country witnessed the
eager renewal of the efforts of those who seem to
consider it a most laudable vocation to excite dis-
cord and hostility between the different sections of
the Union. The " free white male citizens" of the
Territory of Missouri, as authorized by the act of
1820, (not the Indians, negroes, and mulattoes,)
formed their State constitution in June, 1820.
They delegated to their State Legislature power to
pass laws to prohibit the introduction—1st, of felon
slaves; 2d, of slaves for sale or speculation merely;
3d, of slaves and their offspring illegally imported
from abroad in any State or Territory; 4th, of
free negroes and mulattoes. Her admission was
opposed on account of this last provision. Thrice
was a resolution, in the same terms as "of that
finally adopted, and which allowed her admission,
rejected in the House of Representatives; once in
committee, by a vote nf 73 to 64; and ono.e in the
House, by a vote of 83 to 80; and, again, upon a
reconsideration, and several days'fierce debate, by
a third vote. A select committee of both Houses
was, however, appointed,^vho reported the reso-
lution again, and it was adopted February 26,1821,
vengeance of an abused and insulted people; but
1 spoke of impeachment and"" execution for such
cause as not in accordance with law.
Mr. Westcott. I would not do the Senator
injustice, and cheerfully adopt his correction. It ,
does not soften the sentiment ascribed to him in j
the notice of his remarks from which I borrowed I
the expression I used. I doubt not the Senator's '
words were misunderstood. But as corrected, I 1
still find reason for soliciting his attention to this j
veto message as containing some arguments that I
may, I trust, modify and molify his views. [Mr. ■
W. here read the draught of the veto .message
appended—Note F.] Tt may be that this draught
was for the bill of 1820, and some have so sup-
posed, as it refers to provisions as to Territories
in the bill of 1820, and not in that of 1819, as it
passed the House, though it was supposed, while
it was pending, such provision would be inserted.
President Monroe's letter to Judge Roane, dated
February 16, 1820, (note G. appendix,) but 20
days before the bill of 1820 was signed, would
seem to indicate that he had not then fully "made
up his mind," and authorizes the presumption that
he prepared this draught after he wrote that letter,
and that he intended to reject the bill of 1820. If
so, the authority is strengthened. The force of
the compromise act of 1820, if such be the fact,
is more directly weakened by this veto message,
ahhough the President and his cabinct mav, sub-
sequently to his decision to reject the bill, have
felt themselves constrained by considerations of
urgent expediency—nay, of such momentous char-
acter and overwhelming force, involving, perhaps,
the existence of the Confederacy—to acquiesce in
the arrangement made by Congress, and allow the
bill to become a law.
Under these circumstances, can there be a man
of intelligence, from Maine to Texas, who will
venture to say that any one of the distinguished
citizens of the South, who were Mr. Monroe's :
chosen constitutional counsellors in March', 1820, 1
would, in contemplation of what is now attempted, j
have assented to that compromise ? Had they har- I
borea the suspicion that the contest would be again 1
During the recess, and before the meeting of the j! by the House, by a vote 87 to 81; and by the Sen-
first session of the 16th Congress, in December, i' ate by a vote of29 to 7. (Vide resolution, vol. 3,
I Stat, at Large, p. 645.) To Mr Henry Clay has
' generally been given the reputation of effecting its
; adoption. It allowed the admission of the State,
but provided that no law should be passed under
: the clause of its constitution objecting to inhibiting
: "citizens ' of any of the States from ingress and
was reported by a select committee at an early day ! egress, &c.; thus leaving the question of citizen-
Mr. Crawford, then Secretary of j: ship to judicial decision in any case that might
,,of that session.
I the Treasury, and other leading southern states
j men, originally insisting on the strict constitutional
! rights of the southern "States, and that Congress
I had no power to inhibit them, as attempted, were
I constrained by devotion to the Union, and the ap-
prehension of having more odious measures forced
upon them; and by the consideration, also, that
with respect to the territory north of 36° 30', it
j was not a practical question, to favor the plan of
a compromise. (As to Mr. Crawford, see letter in
appendix, note E, No. 3.) There is little doubt,
notwithstanding the strong opposition of Mr.
Monroe to the principle of the attempted restric-
tion, either as to Territories or States, he also was
constrained, as the crisis approached, by the same
considerations, to forego his own opinions and
yield his judgment, and also acquiesce in such
compromisl. Nay, as the danger became immi-
nent, I have little question his exertions were used to
further a compromise. I have before alluded to
: evidence, afforded by the annexed letters, that an
article in the Richmond Enquirer in favor of a
i compromise v%is either written by him or with his
' countenance and approbation. (Note E, Nos. 1,
j 5, 19, 20, and 21.) These papeis show that the
i bill of 1820 was acceded to as a compromise merely.
| The bill was reported December 9,1819; and after
, a violent debate of several weeks, and various
amendments offered, some of which were adopted,
and others rejected, it passed the House March 1,
! 1820. and passed the Senate with amendments
March 2, 1820, which were concurred in by the
House same dav, and it was signed by Mr. Mon-
roe, March 6,1820. (See 3d vol. Stat, at Lar e
, chap. 22, p. 547.) n
I The 8th section of this act, before quoted, ap-
plies in terms only to territory acquired by the
Louisiana treaty from France, north of 36° 30'. It
excludes slavery from it forever.
This embraced all the country to the eastern
base of the Rocky Mountains. Beyond those
mountains, in Oregon, we had not then the exclu-
sive possession. We did not obtain it from France.
| arise; and leaving also the validity of the restric-
i tion in the act to be tested in the same way.
| The South was willing to adhere in good faith
! all those measures, for the reasons I have be-
| fore stated. She was even disposed to leave their
I validity unquestioned, if those who constrained
j her to acquiesce in them as a compromise, would
, in good faith refrain from further attempts to en-
j croach upon her.
; Suppose Missouri had been rejected by Congress
i on account of the provision in her State consiitu-
i, tion excepted to: what would have been the ronse-
|j quences? Can anyone doubt that she would have
; remained an independent Stare out of the Union?
! and would the Federal Government have dared tr>
j attempt her subjection by force of aims? Would
! not, in such case, the entire South and Southwest
have/ushed to her rescue? I have procured an
; original letter to Mr. Monroe, from the illustrious
! soldier, statesman, and patriot of the Hermitage
j dated January 7, 1821, and which shows what
was the feeling of the Southwest, excited by the
j- course in the House, of Representatives in 1819
and 1820, and before the eontpst upon the resolu-
tion of admission in 1821. [Mr. W. here read and
commented on the letter—see note E, No. 14, ap-
i pendix.]
Do I err, sir, when I say that while the South
has never admitted the principle, it has yet never
! sought to disturb the compromise of 1820? Upon
! the annexation of Texas, the compromise line of
! 36° 30' was extended through that State by the
! resolutions of 1845. After the adjustment of* our
differences with Great Britain respecting Oregon
ill 1846, and the prospect of an accession of terri-
tory on the Pacific from Mexico became probable,
a distinguished southern member of the other
House [Mr. Burt, of South Carolina] proposed
in good faith, January 12,1847, as an amendment
to the Oregon bill then pending, to extend that line
so as to include Oregon in that compromise. This
proposition was rejected by the votes from the
non-slaveholding States! They repudiated the
