1848.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5-7
30th Cong 1st Sess.
Territorial Government of Oregon—Mr. Westcott.
Senate.
compromise. "What course was then left to the
South but submiss&on to the exercise of the asserted
power to the full extent claimed by the non-slave-
holding States, or that resistance which has since
hefen made to the attempted usurpation, and which,
it may be relied on, will not in this case cease or
be abated on the enactment of the law by which it
is proposed in effect to " draw black lines around"
the slaveholding States, and "expunge" them from
the Constitution and the Union as not being equal
in character to the other States, nor entitled to
equal privileges ?
And now, Mr. President, I put the question,
Can the Missouri compromise act of 1820 be fairly
urged as a precedent—as an admission hy the
South of the power claimed ? Is it entitled to any
respect as such? It may be with others. Some
may find in such precedent a sufficient excuse for
the violation of the fundamental principles of this
Government and of the Constitution. I cannot. I
coincide most cordially with Mr. Clay in the views
he maintained in a speech in this Chamber, in
3811, (see note H, appendix,) against the rechaiter
of the United States Bank, and which, in my
judgment, is not surpassed in ability and for its*
soundness by any speech ever made in Congress.
Precedents are not our guides. The Constitution
should be our polar star, and is of itself all-suffi-
cient with those disposed to adhere to it.
It is a rule of reason, as well as of law, that in a
practical compromise of a matter of dispute as to
right and power, and-in agreeing to its exercise to
a specified limit, there is no implied concession of
the right or power a hair's-breadth beyond such
limit; and, on the other hand, it is fair to imply
fiom an express limitation of the exercise of the
asserted power, agreed to by the party claiming
it, that such limitation should he permanent, other-
wise there is no such thing as a compromise. In
every case, the party yielding part, by so yield-
ing would estop him from contesting the right to
the residue. If allowed to do so, still his relin-
quishment of the part given up would not merely
he useless to himself, but it would prejudice him.
Why was the exclusion of slavery in the Missouri
bill limited to 36° 30', if the non-slaveholding States
did not agree to regard that line as the southern
boundary of their claim, and as a final settlement of
the controversy ? An honorable Senator, my friend
from-Kentucky, [Mr. Underwood,] has proposed,
in connection with the proposal to extend the line of
36° 30' to the Pacific, an express declaratory guar-
antee for the exemption of all the country south of
that line from any restriction. Why, sir, if the
implied pledge given in the compromise act of 1820
is broken, I would not give a fig for all the ex-
press guarantees that may be adopted, drawn in
the strongest terms my friend can employ. They,
too, will be disregarded when the time comes for
so doing. What confidence can the South have
in the good faith of those who assail them after
the repudiation of the compromise of 1820? What
palliation is there for a violation by the non-slave-
holding States of their plighted faith as to that
compromise? They deny, it is true, that was a
compromise. They contend it was a surrender by
the South—an admission of the principle—an ac-
knowledgment of the power of Congress to impose
the interdict. It is true, to be a compromise the
concessions must be mutual. A compromise cannot
be wheie one side only yields. If the non-slave-
holding States did not, in 1820, hy confining the
interdict to 36° 30', yield their claim to all south
of that line, then the bad faith is not in the viola-
tion of the agreement by them, but in their making
it. It was political joclceyism. Besides, whilst a
mere right or the exercise of a power may be
waived, it is not so with respect to a principle.
Principles are fixed, immutable. They are neither
increased in force nor diminished in strength^by
concessions or admissions. Men may change—prin-
ciples are steadfast. " Principles'' is but another
term for "truths." When they relate to political
rights, they do not rest upon admissions and con-
cessions like those said to have been made by the
South, but upon the more solid and stable founda-
tions of constitutional compact, the rules of ele-
mental law, and fundamental doctrines of the Gov-
ernment. They cannot be altered by the admissions
of statesmen, Qr by compromises of majorities in
Congress. Even if the power of Congress was
fully conceded,~yet the non-slaveholding States are
without excuse for their course, because, without
infringing at nil upon any cardinal principle—with-
out any abandonment or compromise of any con-
stitutional principle or rule—the mere waiver of
an abstract right, the non-exercise of such right is
all they are asked for. They do not pretend there
is any imperative constitutional exaction that con-
strains them to impose the interdict. The South
are differently situated. While they feel impelled
to resist the interdict, because of its injustice to
them, they also feel coerced to oppose it'as a vio-
lation of the Constitution. The non-slaveholding
States do not urge that the omission to impose it
would violate the Federal Constitution. And yet
they insist upon our surrender of our constitutional
objections to their views of mere policy and expe-
diency, and insist that our asserted constitutional
rights were surrendered in 1820.
For myself, I do not regard the compromise act
of 1820 as a whit more warranted by the Consti-
tution than was Mr. Serjeant's proposition to
extend the principles of the ordinance of '87 to
all " exterior territories." I hold it to have been a
palpable and flagrant usurpation of power; an
usurpation with reference to the equal constitu-
tional rights of the slaveholding States and their
citizens, and an usurpation with respect to the
future population of all the territory included in
the prohibition thereby made. The word " com-
promise" is, in my judgment, altogether inappli-
cable to this arrangement. Who authorized, and
how became-Congress authorized to sequester the
sovereignty of the people of th§se territories—
constitute themselves the voluntary bailees of their
rights—seize upon as a treasure trove, or as a xoaif
impound them, and then bargain them away ac-
cording to the interests or the whim of a majority?
The act should be called the " Division act of
1820." 1 cannot appreciate the consistency by
which a free constitutional government, the col-
lected political virtue and patriotism of the old
thirteen States of the Confederacy, who had re-
belled because of this very usurpation in }776 by
the British Government, thus act. They "com-
promise" the difficulty by dividing the rights of
third parties among themselves. The South had
no more power to yield or to surrender, than their
opponents had to take or usurp those rights of a
political community yet to be formed, and which
might disown them both. If the term " division"
is excepted to, "parceling," " partition," "ap-
propriation," may be adopted. All are better than
"compromise." Doubtless there are examples
in history for this spoliation, also sought to be
concealed by equally euphonious names. The
" Partition of Poland" is one. There are others.
I know, however, of no precedent for this act by
a government professing to be governed by repub-
lican principles. That the United States of Amer-
ica, claiming to be the great exemplar of the friends
of constitutional freedom throughout the world,
should have thus violated those principles the rev-
olution of 1776 was undertaken to sustain, is a sad
evidence of the proneness of <fipower to forget
right." And without reference to the usurpation
and division of the rights of third parties—and
without looking to the invasion of the constitu-
tional rights of the South to participate iri terri-
tory acquired by the common treasure—I have no
conception of a compromise of the Constitution, but of
its being a violation of the Constitution.
Mr. President, I fear, if I should vote for any
such compromise with my admitted impregnable
convictions as to the baseless character of the claim
of power made for Congress, I should expose my-
self to the charge of violating my oath to support
the Constitution; and I now take occasion to de-
clare that whatevermaybe theconsequences,except
to avert a civil war, I cannot vote for miy bill re-
cognizing and extending the line of 3fi° 30' to the
Pacific as a lightful act. I nfay consistently vote
to amend a bill substituting such line for a provis-
ion extending the 6th article of the ordinance over
all those territories, as the least of two outiages;
but f cannot then sustain a bill, even so amended,
with my vote willingly given. Those who hold"
different opinions from me on the question of power,
have not the same restraints upon their action.
They can waive the exercise of the power without
encountering constitutional difficulties.
Those who are pressing this restriction upon the
South, it seems to me, without reference to the
had faith displayed in the repudiation by them of
the arrangement of 1820, and yet urging it as a
precedent, an({^s an admission by the South of the
power of Congress,and conceding that the abstract
right exists, exhibit a spirit wholly unbecoming
this Government. Waiving the question of right
and power, is it, I ask, proper to force upon a little
less than one-half of this Confederacy * against their
remonstrances, a measure so odious to them? I
ask them if this Government, extended, as it is to
he in time, over the whole of this continent'and the
West Indies, or even, as it is noto, from the Atlantic
to the Pacific, and on the former from Maine to
Texas, and on the latter seventeen degrees of lati-
tude, can be administered in this spirit? If the
rightsof the minority,oreven the rights they claim,
can be thus disregarded—if they are to be thus
taunted, reproached, and contemned—can any man
in his sober senses believe the Government can
continue as a free Government, and as now united?
When I use the word minority, l refer to minorities
opposed to any measure of vital and general inter-
est, and I refer also to affirmative legislation. The
safety of this Government is in withholding the
exercise of disputed and douhtful powers, and all
affirmative legislation that any large portion of the
Confederacy are hostile to, no matter what the
subject is. f hold to the doctrine of 1776, that
" in a free government no law, not clearly indis-
pensable, and not clearly just, if unpopular with
any considerable po'rtion of the people, should be
enacted."
As to the course of Mr. Monroe and his cabinet
on the Missouri compromise bill of 1820, learning
that the President had required the separate writ-
ten opinion of the members of his administration,
I examined his manuscripts. I found a memoran-
dum in these words:
II Interrogatories.—Minoirri, March. A, i890.-+7v> the Heads
of Departments awl attorney General;
" Ha* Congress a ritrht, under the powers vested in it hy
the Constitution, to make a regulation prohibiting slavery in
a territory ?
" l<? the 8th section of the act which passer! both Houpes
on the 3d instant, for the admission of Missouri into the
Union, consistent with the Constitution ?"
An original draught of a letter from him, not di-
rected, but doubtless intended forGeneral Jackson,
as its contents show, was also found in his hand-
writing, of which T shall append a copy to these
remarks when published.
[This paper has been accidentally mislaid in
preparing these remarks for publication. It will
be published hereafter.]
On finding it, I procured search to be made
among General Jackson's papers for the letter
received by him from Mr. Monroe; and the I-Ion.
Amos Kendall, who has the papers of General
Jackson, has furnished me a copy. It is dated
May 23, 1820. I have seen other papers refer-
ring to these interrogatories and to the answers
given to the'm, but nothing, in my judgment, that
conflicts materially with the conclusions I make
from the documents now produced. President
Monroe, from the draught referred to, manifestly
at first intended to advise General Jackson fully of
all that, occurred. He proceeds in the draught of
the letter, to inform him of the interrogatories he
had propounded. He then proceeds to give hin&
a general statement of the effect of the answers.
He first says: " the vote of every member" was
" in favor of it." This he erases. He then inserts
the word " imanimows" instead of " every mem-
ber," but erases that word also. He then inserts
the word " explicit," but immediately discards that
also; and the draught reads: " I took theopinion
in writing of the administration, as to the constitu-
tionality "of restraining territories, which was in
favor of it," &c. &c.
And after all, when this draught, thus altered
and rcaltered, corrected and recorrected, is copied
to transmit to General J., the entire reference and
statement is expunged! He never sent that state-
ment to General Jackson. This i3 proved by the
original letter he did send, and in which, though
the statement is omitted, the residue of the letter, or
the concluding paragraphs, are found nearly ver-
batim. It is quite clear to my mind, that the sev-
eral members of the cabinet did not all take the
same view of the subjects involved in the interrog-
atories, and that the President suppressed this
statement, even thus corrected, because he was not
satisfied of its correctness, and fearful that it might
