1848.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
30th Cong 1st Skss.
Territorial Government of Oregon—Mr. Westcott.
SENATE.
act organizing Mississippi Territory, and contain-
ing a prohibition as to the importation of foreign
slaves into that Territory, was passed April 7,1798.
Perhaps the date refers to that prohibition, and to
thgtime it became known in Mississippi Teiritory;
and the allowance as to slaves imported before that
time was to admit into "Orleans" Territory all
slaves legally imported into Mississippi prior to
that prohibition, and exclude all other imported
slaves. It is known; however, that the influx of
foreign slaves into Louisiana, before the cession,
from St. Domingo, (fee., where insurrections had
broken out, had caused apprehensions from them;
and measures, it is not unlikely, were adopted to
prevent dangerous slaves and free negroes being
introduced, and this prohibition may have been
in aid of local Spanish or French laws for such
purpose, in force at the cession with respect to
said Territory. (American State Papers, Tit.
Mississippi, volume 1, pages 380, 390, 396, 399,
417,418, &c.) But this provision is included in the
fulness in a new and sparsely-populated Territory,
between native slaves reared by and with their
masters, and attached to them, and wh6se charac-
ters had been tested, and foreign slaves recently
imported from Africa, or St. Domingo, or else-
where, qualifies this provision as a municipal po-
lice regulation merely. Nobody doubts that the
States as to themselves, and that Congress or the
Territorial legislatures as to Territories, are com-
petent to pass laws excluding the introduction of
felon and insubordinate and dangerous slaves, as
they could exclude the introduction of infectious
or dangerous diseases. That would be a munici-
pal police regulation. Such power exists of neces-
sity. The Supreme Court has sustained this power
of regulation as to other subjects, dangerous or
prejudicial to the States, though articles of " im-
portation. " No attempt was made in the act of
1798 as to native slaves or those imported prior to
1787, or those imported subsequent to 1787 and
prior to its date. The provisions before noticed
principle of the first. Both apply exclusively to ;! in the act of 1804 do not. attempt to restrain
slaves imported from abroad. The first, it is true, jj native slaves, or those imported prior to 1781
the
ported prior to 1787, or
applied only to prospective importations into Or- jj those imported subsequent to 1787 and prior to Jst
leans Territqry, and this excludes all slaves import- ji May, 1798. It did not exclude slavery i it recog-
ed into other parts of the United States after 1st ji nized it, and merely required a slave to have been
May, 1798. I can imagine that both were urged ;| in the country six years at least, to allow his intro-
on the ground of being in aid of the objects of the !j duction intp the Territory. So, too, the third pro-
interdict, and not a violation ofjt. The object of }. hibition, of all slaves being biought in from fche
actual settlement,and
s owners," may be de-
It was to prevent
the additional slav^ labor they needed. 2d. The
ultimate effectual suppression of the foreign slave
trade in 1808, as to the whole Union. The pro-
hibition of the foreign slave trade as to Territories,
left the old States that allowed it without competi-
tion; and, being thereby enabled to procure their
needful supply sooner, they surely could not com-
plain of such prohibition as a violation of the
^interdict. It was probably urged, too, that the
interdict was intended merely to enable those States
to obtain such supplyof additional labor for them-
selves, and not to allow them to force such importa-
tions into other States or Territories, or to become
the media of introducing them there. The mere
right of" importation" certainly was not disturbed,
because they were not removable to another juris-
diction, unless the importation was intended to "be
allowed for such object. The old slave States,
doubtless, did not consider the placing of these
new "importations" in competition, m the Terri-
tories, with their native slaves, or those imported
before the adoption of the Constitution, as a right
to the importing States fairly deducible from the
spirit of the interdict. Such importing State cer-
tainly had no right to force suck slaves on other
jurisdictions, equal to'thatwith reference to native
slaves, or those in her jurisdiction when the Con-
stitution was adopted. Her co-States could inter-
dict as to all. The prohibition as to the Territories
could, prior to 1808, only be as^to/orefgn importa-
tions and felons, &c.; and since 1808, when all
reason for special legislation as to Territories has
ceased by the general law inhibiting such foreign
importations as to all States and Territories, there
can be no prohibitions, excepting by police regula-
tions, to exclude felon slaves, or those of dangerous
character. Congress could not pass a general law
till 1808 excluding foreign slaves; but the States,
old and new, could then protect themselves by their
own laws. This provision was imperatively ileces-
sanj to prevent an evasion of the first prohibition;
in fact to prevent its being a dead letter! Of what
use would the first prohibition have been if the
foreign slaves could still have been imported into
Georgia or South jparolina, and from thence re-
moved to " Orleans" Territory ? It would have
had the effect merely of giving to those States a
monopoly of the foreign slave trade, and of in-
creasing it. Probably this effect was seen under
the Mississippi act of 1798. The second prohibi-
tion was, therefore, for the same object as the first:
And these prohibitions fortify Mr. Madison's
opinion as to the object of the ordinance of 1787.
They were all, to borrow his language, (see note
D,) leveled against the foreign slave trade alone,
and operated to discourage it by "harrowing the
space open for the reception of slaves," and with-
out any violation of the constitutional interdict.
Besides the obviqjis*distinction with respect to
the danger to be apprehended, and as to use-
tlie introduction of felon or insubordinate slaves
by traders for sale merely, and to get rid of them
in the States. The only way to inhibit such slaves
is by such law. Then the owner and settler be-
comes an insurer or security for the slaves he intro-
duces. This was a mere municipal-police reguia-
I tion, preventing the territory being made the market
1 for such slaves, most dangerous to it in its infancy,
and when thinly populated by the whites. Most
of the New States and Territories always have
had laws of like import, and they are wise and
salutary laws. For one, I will not object to such
law as to all these territories. It is not the exer-
cise of sovereign power; it is of the municipal
That as to Florida was borrowed in terms from
the Mississippi act of 3798, and the first prohibi-
tion in the Orleans act of 1804, and imposes the
same penalty of three hundred dollars and frees
the slave. There were two acts of the same im-
port as to Florida—one in 1822, and the other in
1823- Being after the slave-trade acts of 1807, of
1818, 1819, and 1820, and being as to importation
of foreign slaves only, and these general laws being
also extended over the Territory, we had one law
making the importation death, and another sub*
jecting the offender for the same offence to a fine
of thiee hundred dollars only 1 The passage of
this law after those of 1808,1818, 1819, and 1820,
is to me inexplicable; but it merits the same con-
sideration .as the others referred to. It is no pre-
cedent for any legislation, except as to the foreign
slave trade.
Mr. President, w,ith this expression of my views
on the main question involved in this bill, and the -
amendments offered to it, I will now state some
objections I have to some details of this bill.
Heretofore, on the 31st of May and'Sd of June
last, and previously, I stated objections I had to
the details of bills before under discussion here,
organizing the Territorial Government of Oregon;
which are in several respects similar to the present.
Most of my objections were obviated by amend-
ments reported by the Judiciary Committee, Feb-
ruary 1^, 1847, to the Oregon bill then before the
Senate. I will not present and argue a special
demurrer as to those details, but I desire to notice
some of its objectionable features, and to excuse
myself for the vote I shall give for the bill with
them in it. If the main question is properly ad-
justed, these defects can he amended hereafter.
All of the bills reported as to Territories hereto-
fore reserve a veto or annulling power, as to legis- „
lation, to Congress. I regard the true policy to
be to prescribe general "rules and regulations,''
and leave conformity by the Territorial legislation
| to the limitations they prescribe, to be enforced by
: the judiciary. Experience has satisfied me that
; this reserved power to Congress, is either useless
| or pernicious. It is not likely to be exercised in
cases that it should be. It is most likely to be
law-making authority; they are police regulations |! exercised in cases that it should not be. I will
only.
Without these last two provisions the first pro-
hibition would have been a legislative encourage-
ment to the foreign slave trade in the old States.
The report of a committee of the House of Repte-
sentatives, December 17, 180G, (American State
Papers, Tit. M iss., vol. 1, p. 451.) shows the object
of these prohibitions, and that they were aimed
exclusively at the foreign slave trade, or were mere
police regulations to exclude improper persons.
It states that these provisions of the act of 1804
were in force but a few months, before they were
repealed by the act of 3d March, 1805, though the
honorable Senator from New York [M r. Dixj holds
a different opinion. The act of J805 expressly, in
the 5th section, repudiates the 6ili aiticle of the
ordinance of 1787 as to the Territories of Orleans
and the district of Louisiana. In my judgment,
the judicial decision he cited from Martin's Reports,
that the previous laws of Congress as to slaves and
i slavery were merged in the general slave trade that
' went into effect in 1808, strongly fortifies Mr.
Madison's opinion, that I have quoted, as to the
object and effect of the ordinance of 1787, and
shows that all of the legislation of Congress was
directed to the foreign slave trade exclusively, and
instance cases in illustration of this assertion.
The Florida Territorial Legislature, without au-
thority, as I have before said, chartered three faith
bond banks, issued bonds and guarantees for
millions to the banks on certain conditions, and
pledged the faith of the Territory for their pay-
ment. Those acts were usurpations. They
were brought to the notice of Congress forthwith.
Congress neglected attending to them. What was
everybody's husiness was nobody's. They were
not annulled or modified. Some years afterwards
Congress got alarmed, and passed a law prohibit-
ing the Territorial Legislature from passing any
bank charter without its express sanction; but it
positively refused to meddle with the former banks
in Florida, because they had gone into operation.
This was in X83G. Those banks ail failed; and
now the holders of the Territorial bonds are calling
on Congress for payment of their bonds. As to
I what you should or should not do, I shall not now
i express any opinion. I have carefully avoided i^
1 heretofore on all occasions. Had your powers
been exercised when the laws were first submitted
to you, there w„ould have been no trouble. That
is one case on one side, and I will state one on the
„ . . other side. The same Legislature passed laws in
to suppress it, as far as could^be done within the jj effect imposing a tax of $10 or $i5 on negroes
interdict; and that before and since 1808, the foreign j] brought into Florida from the States for sale merely
trade is the limit of its authority. I exclude from j] and by traders. The influence of the traders in the
this merger the act of 1803 respecting the bringing |! States caused this law to be annulled, and, strange
in of free negroes, &c., and I include in the pow- j! to say, in part by votes inimical to the extension
ers still possessed by Congress that of making
needful police rules and regulations, excluding |
felons, &c., from Territories. The provisions of!
these acts are all jvithm this scope, and, I repeat,
give no sanction to the attempted exercise of the
power of excluding slaves being removed to a Ter-
ritory from a slave State, by a citizen owner, for
actual settlement, and of excluding ail slaves and
slavery forever from such Territory.
The acts relating to Alabama, Missouri, Arkan-
sas, and Florida, are either the same as those re-
lating to Mississippi and Orleans, or are confined
to the first prohibition of foreign importations into
those Territories.
of slavery! This was in 1834; and other laws
relating to our police and municipal concerns have
been annulled without sound reasons, and from
misrepresentations by interested parties. I have
more confidence in Territorial legislation as to the
local domestic concerns of the Territories, if guided
and restrafcied by judicious general "rules and
regulations'' in their organization, than in the
legislation of Congress. We are strangers to the
people, and know but little of their local interests
and wants. The judiciary can be relied on to
keep the legislation within the limits of general
rules. There is no necessity for this reservation;
and, besides, it is not congenial with our republi-
