60
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 25,
30th Cong 1st Sess.
Territorial Government of Oregon—Mr. Westcott.
Senate.
can institutions. It is the same power the British
Crown claimed in '1772 over the Colonial Legisla-
tures.
Another feature in this bill is so extremely ob-
jectionable, that but for the circumstances thai
excuse it, it would be fatal with me. It is that
which confers all the legislative power of the Ter-
ritories of California and New Mexico upon the
governors, secretaries, and judges of those Terri-
tories, respectively. These officers are appointed
by the President, with the advice ©f the Senate,
and are paid by the United States. They are not
in any decree amenable to the people for whom
they are first to enact laws; second, to expound
them; third, to execute them. A government hav-
ing; such combined powers, is the very essence of
despotism. The only apology for its establish-
ment now, temporarily even, is imperious necessity.
We have no authentic satisfactory data as to the
population, geographical interests, &c., of the dif-
ferent parts of those territories to enable us to frame
a law under which the white citizens there could
elect a legislature. We should commit blunders
and do injustice in attempting it. Some govern-
ment should be established; and as we have ex-
amples in the similar temporary governments estab-
lished in Louisiana and Florida, this law may be
excused. The ordinance of 1787, lauded as it has
been, provided for such government. General
Jackson, who was made first governor ofeFlorida,
said, on resigning his commission, that no individ-
ual should ever be inverted ioith such powers. Agree-
ing with him fully, when 1 vote for this bill, it is
upon the consideration that so soon as the proper
data is obtained to give the people what has been
called the " second grade" of Territorial govern-
ment, it is to be done. Even this will be an ame-
lioration only of the evil. The whole system of
Territorial governments is repugnant to the princi-
ples of our institutions. The proconsular despot-
isms that Rome allowed in her distant provinces,
and the abuses which Cicero denounces in his
oration for the Maxilian law, could not be more ab- I
horrent than our Territorial municipal corporations.
I have lived sixteen years under one, and felt dis-
franchised as an American freeman the whole time.
State prisoners in Venice were once tantalized by
golden inscriptions on the wails of their dungeons,
eulogistic of the principles of civil and political
liberty. So are citizens of Territories, who witness
those in States adjoining them/fully participating
in all the privileges, and exercising and enjoying
all the rights of American freemen, denied to them.
The condition of colonial vassalage is dependent,
degrading, and humiliating. The principle of "no
taxation without representation "is violated. They
have no representation, but a mere agent here,
who has no vote, and is impotent to do more than
beg for justice. The citizens of a Territory have,
it is true, the right of grumbling; but that is by no
means satisfactory when it effects no redress. The
old colonies had like agents at St. James. Frank-
lin was one. The treatment of that great man by
Wedderburn, when he was examined by order of
the British Commons, is an example of what, in
different ways, Territorial agents, without any
Presidential votes, or other votes, sometimes re-
ceive here. He is powerless in the political con-
tests that arise. It is true, Territories are looked j
to with some favor as affording means of reward- !
ing political favorites by governorships, judge- t
ships, &c.; but the sending non-residents to rule a ;
people, renders the government only more hateful. !
The people are prone to be dissatisfied under them, ;
and it is not to be wondered that the)'- are. There i
are two Senators on this floor, [Mr. King and Mr. !
Dodge,] who, besides myself, have held federal \
executive office in federal Territories. I can appeal !
to them to testify that what i say is true'—that the \
whole system is uncongenial to our Government, ■
and should not be continued, but that a more lib-
eral .system should be devised. In these distant
territories, unless you do so, they will soon separate
from you. I make this prediction- upon a knowl-
edge of what American citizens hav<^done, and 1
will do, under such a government. This law, if 1
passed, should not be continued in force a year. 1
The sixth section contains the delegation of f
legislative power as to Oregon, and it is to "all •
rightful subjects of legislation consistent with the j
-Constitution of the United States and the pro-j
visions of this act," restraining it, however, as to
public lands, taxes, &c.; and with respect to this
Territory j^there is no inhibition as to the passage
of laws " respecting slavery." The r^ht of revis-
ion and annulment of the Territorial laws is re-
served by Congress.
The twelfth section contains a provision contin-
uing all the laws of*the " provisional government''
of Oregon, now in force, "not incompatible with
the-Constitution and the provisions of this act,"
for st three months after the first meeting of the Legis-
lature of said Territory," subject, however, to be
"altered, repealed," "(fee.; and the Constitution
and laws of the United States are extended over
said Territory. It will be recollected that the
" provisional government" of Oregon has abol-
ished and excluded slavery in that Territory as
far as it has the power to do so. The organic law
of that government, of 1845, has incorporated in
it the restriction of the ordinance of 1787—the
precise terms of what is called the " Wilmot Pro-
viso. "
The thirty-third section of this bill, delegating
the legislative power as to California and New
Mexico, places it with the governor, secretary,
and judges of the supreme court of each Territory
respectively, and gives then? power " to pass any
law for the administration of justice," "not re-
i pugnant to this act, or inconsistent with the laws
and Constitution of the United States." It inhib-
its the passage of every law " respecting the estab-
lishment of religion, or respecting slavery" and
the public lands-, and restrains the taxing power,
and also reserves a Congressional veto as to all
laws.
After the bill was first printed, I examined it
; carefully; and as then printed,1 made up my mind
1 that it was my duty to vote against it; and I avowed
my intention so to do, unless it was amended by
its friends. 1 advised with my colleague here,
and consulted with my colleague in theother house;
and both of them coincided with me in opinion of
the defectiveness of the bill, as it then appeared.
It was subsequently discovered that the printed
copy was incorrect, and that important words in
the twelfth section, and material words in other
parts of the bill, had been left out. The clauses
requiring compatibility in the laws of the " pro-
visional government" of Oregon with the Consti-
tution of the United States to allow their continu-
anee, ffnd limiting the continuance of all such laws
to the term of three months after the first meeting of
the Legislature of the Territory, reported by the
committee, had been omitted by mistake in the
printing. I did not regard the clause respecting
the constitutional compatibility as important; for
, I hold that repugnancy to the Constitution makes
! a law void, even if there is no declaration by the
! legislative power to that effect, and the extension
j of the Constitution over the Territory was there-
[ fore all-sufficient; but I did consider the limitation
| of the term of the continuance of all the " pro-
. visional" laws as important—otherwise the or-
i ganic law of 1845, before referred to, could have
j been continued with the implied sanction and un-
I der the authority of Congress thus given for an
j indefinite period. Though" the copy has been cor-
; reefed, I am not yet fully satisfied with the pro-
j visions of the bill. I fear that, like the "Missouri
compromise bill," and the other precedents pressed
j upon us, it may hereafter be brought up in judg- |
ment as containing an admission of the power of!
Congress to legislate upon the subject of slavery !
in the Territories, and to exclude it; and of the i
power of the Territorial Legislature to exclude it, i
. unless prohibited by act of Congress. Nay, sir, I 1
j have strong doubts, as I suggested the other day !
1 in my inquiry of the honorable Senator from Ver- ;
mont, [Mr. Phflps,] as to the effect of the terms i
I employed in this bill; and whether the practical \
\ effect of these terms may not be the exclusion of!
I slavery from these Territories as effectually as if j
I the Wilmot proviso was adopted. From the lan- >
1 guage used on yesterday by the Senator from i;
Ohio, [Mr. Corwin,] when referring to "that in- ij
quiry, I presume he misapprehended its import, 'j
It is proper that I should correct his error. l!
The Senator from Ohio inferred that my appre- it
hensions were excited lest a negro slave " nurse " 1!
without some " forty constables," provided by
law, to guard the infant in her charge, might
" throttle it." I never entertained any such idea.
The fancy of throttling white infants by their black
nurses, never originated in the mind of any one
from the South. In these distempered times there
are political incendiaries wh(j, excited by hatred
of the South for various causes, would revel with
the delight of devils to see that region the theatre
of a servile war, and the scene of outrage, massa-
cre, and desolation. There are others who, to
gratify political aspirations, do not hesitate to re-
sort to the desperate means of organizing sectional
factions, and exciting sectional jealousies, espe-
cially upon the topic of domestic servitude. The
effect of the courses of these two classes is to en-
! courage assaults from different quarters upon the
| institutions of the South. The fanatic is found
| profaning the Holy Scriptures in the unholy work
i of exciting dissatisfaction and discord among the
> slaves,instead of the peace and good will he should
| inculcate. . Others, fiends in human shape, with-
; out the palliation of ignorance or delusion, incited
■ by various motives—some of interest, some of am-
j bition for notoriety—find satisfaction in the trea-
: sonahle work of sowing the seeds of disaffection,
sedition, insurrection, and revolt. There are others
who steal slaves for profit, as they would steal a
horse; and others who entice them away, or har-
bor them when they abscond. Some of these
people cannot be punished by laws; but there are
others that can be. The necessity of laws to pre-
vent the crimes of sedition, incendiarism, inciting
slaves to abscond, harboring slaves, and stealing
! them, and to punish the perpetrators if preventives
I fail, must be obvious. Exposed to the midnight
incendiarism of the abolitionist—political or fanat-
ical—and to the prowling thief, without such laws,
i the institution of domestic servitude—now in Its
j character patriarchal,and ameliorated by the affec-
1 tion and sympathies that have grown up between
! the master and slave, till it is but the guardianship
j of the intelligent and strong, over the ignorant and
| weak—might, with respect to both, become the
j direst curse that could be inflicted on a country*
! Suspicions would be engendered, often unjust; the
' privileges of the slave would be abridged; and
j more rigid exactions adopted to satisfy the whites
j of their security. In every slaveholding commu-
I nity, when not disturbed Gy the causes I have al-
j luded to, the necessity of police and patrol laws
j applying exclusively to slaves, and special legisla-
' tion providing for their regulation, the prevention
and punishment of criminal offences by them, and
especially venial offences, and for their protection,
is known to all who have resided in such commu-
nity. The institution would be valueless, the slave
would be worthless to his master, and infinitely
more uncomfortable would be the condition of the
slave without such laws, than with them. Now,
sir, my inquiry of the Senator from Vermont was
; simply as to the effect of this bill. I desired him
! to inform me whether, in his opinion, the twelfth
, section of it would prevent the Territorial Legisla-
; ture from passing such laws as would deter or
: punish the crimes I have referred to.
I May not the prohibition in this bill as to the
j Territorial Legislatures passing any laws "re-
j specting slavery," be construed to be a prospect-
; ive nullification of such necessary patrol laws, and
■ of special laws for their trial and punishment for
j venial and other offences, and laws to prevent
I abolition, sedition, and incendiarism from exciting
| to revolt ? I am told not, and that the authority to
pass " any law for the administration of justice,"
and the employment of the term "slavery," in
this bill, refers only to the establishment or exclu-
sion of the institution merely, and cannotprohibit
such necessary laws respecting " slavery," as
those I have mentioned,if, under the Constitution
and laws of the United States, the institution al-
ready exists there. The Senator from Vermont
[Mr. Phelps] does not, however, concur in this
view, but regards the prohibition in the bill as
covering the whole subject. I do not feel entirely
secure in the construction which may be given to
this bill by the Territorial judiciary; and after the
circuitous and expensive judicial process it allows
to the Supreme Court, even by that court; I feel
less secure when I consider that a future Congress,
if such construction should be in favor of the
power to pass such laws, may overturn it by an-
other act. The South are justified* under the cir-
cumstances, to ask fop a declaration that the equal
rights and interests of the citizens of the slave-
holding States in the Territories, and to emigrate
