1848.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
61
30th Cong 1st Sess.
Territorial Government of Oregon—Mr. Wesicott.
Senate.
to those Territories with their property, should be
inviolate from. Congressional and Territorial legis-
lation. A clause should be inserted similar to that
contained in the Oregon bill reported by the Judi-
ciary Committee of this body, February 10, 1847.
That declaration, which I drew after consultation
with Senators to whose judgment I feel bound to
defer, is in the twelfth section of the bill then re-
ported, and is in these words. After continuing
the provisional laws till the end of the first session
of the Legislature, and no longer, it provides:
"That no provisions of such laws, or of any act hereafter
passed by the Legislative Assembly of said Territoiy, shall
be construed to restrict eitizcns of any ot the United States,
or'ot'any territory thereof, from emigrating with their ptop-
oi ty to, and settling and lesiding in, said Territory, and hold-
ing and possessing their property thertni, and fully par-
ticipating in all the benefits, advantage, pnvileges, and
immunities thereof, as a teiritory of the United States, with
such property, on an equal fooling with citizens of any of
the United States; and all laws and parts ot laws winch
shall operate m restraint of, or detriment to, the full enjoy-
ment of such rights, aie hereby declared to he null and void.
The laws of the United States are hereby extended overand
declared to he in force in ^aid Territory. so tar as the same,
or any provision thereof, may be applicable.}i
If this is not conceded, why not let the whole
question be untouched, and the powers of the Ter-
ritorial Legislature, and of the rights of those in-
terested under the laws of nations and the Consti-
tution of the United States, left to the ordinary-
course of judicial decision? I should not have any
objection to such course, and indeed prefer it to all
others suggested, except that adopting the declara-
tive guarantee I have recited, which might secure
against future agitation.
But I have concluded—in deference to the more
experienced judgment of the distinguished south-
ern Senators who advocate this bill as it is, and
especially to that of the distinguished Senator from
South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,] who was a mem-
ber of the select committee that reported it—to
"forego all these objections. That Senator, as on a
former occasion I observed on this floor, is looked
to by the South as its foiemost champion on this
delicate subject; and as I then declared, when I
may doubt, I cor&eive it to be my duty to follow
the path in which he leads; and especially if, as in
this instance, his views are concurred in by most
others from the same section. I could do this when
the duress of different opinion was stronger than
in this case, and yet feel that I had discharged my
responsibility to my State faithfully. But when
I witness the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Hale,] the Senators from Connecticut, [Mr. Niles
and Mr. Baldwin,] and the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Corwint,] and others on this floor and else-
where, who are known to be hostile to the South
in sentiment and policy on this subject, strenu-
ously opposing: this bill, I can hesitate no loi%er.
No personal disrespect is intended—and I can
hardly suppose such disclaimer is necessary, but
T make it to prevent possible misconstruction—
when I say that I could not justify to those I rep-
resent, being found with them in such opposition,
and particularly when they denounce the bill as a
recognition ofall that the South claims. Some urge
this bill as a compromise; and others say it is the
best the South (t can get," and is the only alterna-
tive against the adoption by majorities in both
Houses of Congress of other measures, more inju-
rious to the rights and interests, and more offensive
to the feelings, of the South. Neither of these ar-
guments has had much weight with me. I do not
feel that I have ever been empowered by the people
of my State to compromise their constitutional r ights.
I am quite certain the peopje of these Territories
never invested mc with any such ^ower, and that
they never have been in a situation to do it. Fur-
ther, I frankly say that, for one, I do not appre-
hend any very great trouble being given to the
South by any adoption by Congress of the " Wil-
mot proviso" while this Administration isin power;
for I have no doubt the present Executive would
promptly veto that exclusion, however present-,
e'd. This " free-soil" clamor, in my judgment, is
gotten up chiefly by politicians, and will last'till
the presidential election is over, and then give way
to some other electioneering clap-trap to be used
in 1852. I have too much confidence in the
masses, in the great body of the American people,
.to believe they wilj not stifle it; and if it should
seriously threaten the Union, I feci assured m the
end they will do what is right. In my vote for
this bill, I decide upon the construction given to !
it by its southern friends here; and upon consid-
eration of \<hat they held its effect is, and what its
effects will-be, and though I am somewhat dubious
in my own mind as to its practical operation on
both points, as I have stated, if I should err, I
wish it understood, I claim no exemption for full
responsibility for such vote. I have reviewed the
subject calmly and deliberately, and I feel that to
pertinaciously adhere to my own views would be
justly regarded as self-opiniated, and subject me
to the charge of being obstinate and impracticable.
My State, sir, stands here differently from any
others, except perhaps Texas and Arkansas. She
is contending for principle only. She is resisting
outrage and insult upon the South, attempted wan-
tonly, but which, if carried out, would really injure
her present and temporary interests, not political, ,
less than those of any other southern State. Flor- j
ida needs additional agricultural labor. Half, a j
million or more of slaves could be sustained and j
advantageously employed withirr her limits in the j
cultivation of tobacco, rice, cotton, sugar, tropical j
fruits, corn, and hundreds of products that no
other part of the Union can produce. Were she
selfish—did she not adhere to principle, and disre-
regard her present temporary inteiests, she would
seek to stifle all rivalry, bar all competition as to
slave emigration, and let this exclusion be made as
to all these Territories. As to Oregon, but for the
principle, we should take about as much interest in
a u Wilmot proviso" laid by law upon the territo-
ries in the moon, as when laid on that cold region
where, if you were to take a southern negro, he
would very likely freeze to death the first winter.
California and New Mexico may beadapted to slave
labor; butifnot, theattemptby thenon-slaveholding
States to mould their destiny by laws and provisos,
in derogation of southern rights, should be resisted,
as it will be resisted, by the united South. If these
Territories are not fitted for slave labor, there is no
necessity for the exclusion; and itshould be opposed
as gratuitous and wanton—as an uncalled-for out-
rage. But, sir, this measure, if not a mere presiden-
tial electioneering scheme, can only be understood,
as I have said, as the entering wedge to more serious
attempts upon southern institutions. It may be
the wooden horse, filled with armed men that are
to sack Ilium. If successful, we may next see
other measures and other schemes proposed, of
more fatal effect, and directly assailing southern
institutions in the States. Slaveholders may be
proscribed from any participation in the govern-
ment of the Confederacy. if this contest survives
the next presidential election, it will become a mere
sectional dispute for political power and ascend-
ency; and the happy days of the Union, and of
its prosperity, and honor, and glory, will be num-
bered. Hence it is the duty of the South to resist
this attempt in the outset. If we are defeated, we
must, under Providence, do the best we can. This
is no place for gastering about what the South will
do. I can answer for my State. She is yet in her
infancy—rich in resources that, with an industrious
population, will make her in half a century one of
the most prosperous in the Confederacy. But she
is weak in numbers. Her citizens, neglected as
all at the extremities of the empire are, still are
devoted to the TJnion, and to the Constitution as
the bond of the Union. But in any crisis that may
come, arising upon this question, she will stand by
her sister southern States, and unflinchingly ad-
here to them "through sunshine and through
storm." This is, and will be, her resolution and
her course, without reference to the success or
defeat of either of the great political parties that
have divided this country. The first motto of the
State of Florida, adopted by the Democratic party,
was, "Let us alone." A Whig Legislature ex-
punged it, and substituted " In God is our trust."
Whenever the mischievous intermeddling of Con-
gress, or of any State, as to the domestic institu-
tions of the South, has approached that point when
forbearance ceases to be a virtue, the two mottoes
and all parties will be united in resistance to the
aggression by such rightful means as Providence
| may allow them.- The East may outnumber us—
! they may vote us down here on this measure; but
they cannot go one step further. The early his-
1 tory of this country should teach them that when
a people <( know their rights, and knowing, dare
maintain them," the superior numerical force of
the usurper does not always insure the continued
possession of misused power.'
APPENDIX.—Note A.
Extract from Mr. Benton's speech on Florida
armed occupation bill, in the Senate of U. S. Jan-
uary 12.—appendix to Congressional Globe, p. 99.
; " In one thing I concur with the Senator from
[South Carolina, [Mr. Preston,] namely, in the
j opinion that Florida has been too much neglected. .
. I concur in the justice of the remark, but not in
| the sense in which he intends it. He intends it
| for the Administration; I intend it for Congress. I
j intend it to apply to our neglects I say ours, for
; I mean to take a full share of the blame to myself
in neglecting the supervision of the Florida legis-
lation, in not even reading the acts of the Legisla-
tive Council, which it was our duty to supervise
before they became laws. The Territory is burfed
under corporations and under debts which the
organic law referred to our inspection, and of
which we knew nothing until the acts were con-
summated. The debts are void, for a Tenitory is
not a State, and has no power but that lohichis granted
to it by Congress, and Congress has not granted to its
police government in Florida the privilege of
contracting five millions, or any number of mil-
lions of debt. The corporations, from what 1 have
seen of their absurd and monstrous privileges, are
either void or voidable. Congress has neglected
its duty in suffering these debts and these corpora-
tions to be created 111 the first instance, and to
remain so long unarraigned at our bar. * * * *
The President, in his noble message, has called
our attention to the civil abuses theret especially to
the power ( assumed' by the Territorial Legislature,
to authorize the issue of bonds by corporate companies
on the guarantee of the Territory. "
Jtfdge Story, in his Commentaries on the Con-
stitution, (3 Com, 133, sec. 1260,) classes the
Territorial Governments as " corporationsand
Mr. Hamilton, in his celebrated opinion on the
constitutionality of a national bank, given to Pres-
ident Washington in 1794, styles those govern-
ments by the same name. It is worth noticing that
in his opinion is first asserted the arbitrary power
of Congress over territories acquired by the United
States by conquest or cession, &c.; and that this
power, and the power to incorporate a national
bank, are sought to be deduced by that great man
from the same identical ground—the general, in-
herent, sovereign power of the Federal Government.
With respect to the creation of governments for
the Territories, no weight is allowed by him to
the peculiar phraseology of the 2d clause, 3d sec.
4th art; of the Constitution, prescribing, and, as I
conceive, limiting the power of Congress to making
" needful rules and regulations"—the establishing
the kind of government Mr. Benton describes,
totally different from that given by lGth sec. Sth
art., as to District of Columbia, forts, &c.
It is worthy of notice, that, doubtless giving
such construction to the clause in the 4th article
cited, and it being therefore unexceptionable, yet
Virginia (in the amendments she proposed upon
ratifying the Constitution; with reference to the
clause respecting this District, the forts, &c.) pro-
posed the following: •
"12tli. That the exclusive power of legislation given to
Con^re^s over the fedeialtown suid Us adjacent distnct, and
other placpf, &e., shall extend only to such. regulations as
respect the polite and good $oveinment thheoj.''—3 ElhoVs
Debates, p 6C0.
General Cass has, in his Nicholson letter, re-
ferred to the palpable difference in import of the
two clauses, in a very forcible manner.
Note B.— Tory of76.
! Mr. Sewall was the King's attorney general
! for Massachusetts. He wrote a series of letters,
the first of which is dated December 17, 1774,
| characterized by great ability and learning. Ex-
| pressions of a popular character, since grown into
1 maxims, and the authorship of which has been
| ascribed to others,are to be found scattered through
j his letters; and among them "the press, when
'open to all parties and influenced by none, is a
i salutary engine in a free State.''
| (Page 170.) " It is beyond a doubt that it was
! the sense both of the parent country and our an-
; cestors, that they were to remain subject to Par-
! liamcnt. It is evident from the charter itself; and
• this authority has been txtrc'md by Parlianient^from
