64
appendix to the congressional globe.
[July 25,
30th Cong 1st Sess.
Territorial Government of Oregon—Mr. Westcoit.
Senate.
Barbour talks to Ritchie, I know not what, about
a compromise; I see not how a compromise can be made;
I am very confident that none ought to be made.
If the friends of the'Coiistitutifn, of national honor,
of real humanity and justice, are firm, the scheme
must fail. The argument against it is irresistible.
fNoTE.—-In connection with this letter, see Richmond
Enquirer of December, 1819, and Jannaiy, 1820, tor articles
sinned " An American," aliove referred to, wliich it appears
were written at President Monroe's instance. They contest
the powers uf Congress to impose the restriction.]
No. 2.
general a. lacock to president monroe.
Extract of a letter, dated Beaver, January 30, 1820.
[Confidential.]
"The Missouri question is assuming an aspect !
that gives me concern and uneasiness. _ !
"The slave question will divide the Onion j
nearly in equal parts, geographically, and as to j
population also; each division will be composed of ;
States lying contiguous to each other, a circum- j
stance favoring harmonious concert. The slave- j
holding will be arrayed against the non-slavehold- j
ing States; it will be a question of feeling and of
interest, urged on by political ambition.
" The Chief Magistrate will be elected by one
or other of these great divisions, exclusively ; the
selection of the" principal officers must and will be
made from amongst his friends to the exclusion of
others. The consequence may be—the moral ties
and affections being broken and dissolved—a dis-
memberment of the Union. * * * * Some
prudent and discieet men, in other respects, 111
Congress, have brought themselves to this awful
alternative, 1 to dissolve the Union rather than sub-
mit to the establishment of slave States over the
Mississippi."1
• " This dispute must be ended by a compromise—
the sooner the better. * * * * Let the slave-
holding States accept Missouri, Arkansas, and the
Floridas, and give an equivalent to the others in
the West. * * * Mr. Thomas has introduced
into the Senate a bill of this nature. I hope the j
good sense of that body will induce them to adopt i
it. , I
"My principal object in writing this letter was |
to respectfully suggest to you the propriety (if:
you think with me on the subject) of recommend- I
ing to your confidential friends this compromise. " ■
perate attempt to obtain power for himself at t ne
expense of the peace and welfare of the union.
No. 5. *
MR. george hay to president monroe.
Extract of a letter dated itichmond, Va., February 16,
1850.
" I have received your last communications,
and a letter from *****, covering a second
' Extract' for the Enquirer. The first and second
both will appear in the Enquirer to-morrow. 1
presume their effect will be favorable here. I hey
are well written, and are calculated to make a
strong impression.
" After the caucus is over,perhaps some measure
may be brought foiward indicating the opinion of
Virginia in relation to a compromise, supposing
that the constitutional difficulty is removed."
[Note.—See tiie "Extract" refeircd to in this letter in
another column, No. 21), the concluding paragraphs ot wlncll
advocate a compromise m strong terms. This was doubt-
less, if not written,countenanced by President Monroe.J
No. 6.
mr. seorge hay to president monroe.
Extract of a letter dated Richmond, Thursday night,
February 17, 1820.
" I have this moment received your note of yes-
terday.' * * * * I have never said how you
would act, but simply that you would do your
duty. The members have gone up to the caucus
under a conviction that you will put your veto on
this infamous cabal tyid intrigue, in all its forms
and shapes. This I would certainly and promptly
do. You may be injured'in the northern and east-
ern States, but you will be amply repaid by the
gratitude and affection of the South.
" 1 rejoice that you sent your letter to me. In
the present state of things, the effect of such a
communication, indicating hesitation or doubt,
would be fatal. I therefore send the letter back,
that you may preserve it if you choose to do so. 1
know and see the temper of the people here. They
are prepared for any struggle.
"The whole affair is regarded as a base and
hypocritical scheme to get power under the mask
of humanity; and it excites the most unqualified
indignation and resentment.
" 1 believe that in cases of this kind there is no
middle course to be observed. The subject with
No. 3. 1 all its consequences must be met, and the decision
MR. GEORGE HAY (sON-IN-LAW TO PRESIDENT MON- j mu« be ^
roe) TO mrs. „AT ,H WASHINGTON. ^'""ucus (at this moment in session) is at an
Extract of a letter dated Richmond, I irgnua, 1<eb- j end) j am nQt wU|)0Llt hope that a plan may be
ruary 12, 1820. j, sug!,es[ec( |)y which the difficulties and dangers at
"I think that I understand, and have always ij plesent surrounding us may be dispelled. If the
understood, the great object of the movements in j! Constitution weie not believed to be in the way,
Washington, and have been perfectly sensible of [j t|le meI1 of- understanding, perhaps all, would be
the difficulties which your father would have to || disposed to a compromise on something like equal
encounter. If 1 have not said much on the sub-
ject, my failure has arisen from an unwillingness
to increase a solicitude which I knew not how to
alleviate. It is impossible for me to suggest any*-
plan unless I was on the spot, and even then I
should not attempt it where there are so many who
are more competent to judge.
" Barbour says, in a letter to Yancey, that Mr."
Crawford, &c., &c., are in favor of a compromise.
This has excited great feeling here; and certainly
would do your father great injury if there was not
a belief that this is the very olqcci which the north-
ern people aim at. If your father does not stand
compromiued on that point, I certainly should think
his best course would be to let tilings take their
course, and when the bill came to him imposing-
restrictions on Missouri, ("if it did come in that
shape,) to reject it; and also to reject any bi'l im-
posing restrictions on the Territoiies, if he thinks
Congress have no right to impose these territorial
restrictions, or that the right ought not to be ex-
ercised, no matter what the northern people may
say; they will say and do anything to effect their
object, and they are only to be met with patience
and fnmness."
No. 4.
February 15.
"Mr.* * * * 's conduct is universally con-
demned, and regarded, even by-those who think
that Congresi have the territorial power, as a des-
j terms."
j - No. 7.
j mr. madison to president monroe.
{ Extracts from a letter dated Montpelier, Feb. 23, 1820.
i " I,received yours of the 19th on Monday. * * *
j The pinch of the difficulty in the case stated, seems
I to be in the words "forever," coupled with the
I interdict relating to the territory north of latitude
; 36° 3t)'. If the necessary import of these woids
I be, that they are to operate as a condition on
; future States admitted into the Union, and as a
| restriction on them after admission, they seem to
l encounter, indirectly, the arguments which pre-
vailed m the Senate for an unconditional admission
! of Missouri. I must conclude, therefore, from the
! assent of the Senate to the words, after the strong
" On the other side, it cannot be denied that the
constitutional phrase " to make all rules,"&c., as
expounded by uniform practice, is somewhat of a
ductile nature, and leaves much to legislative dis-
cretion.
" The questions to be decided seem to be—
" 1. Whether a territorial restriction be an as-
sumption of illegitimate power; or,
" 2. A misuse of legitimate power; and if the lat-
ter only, whether theinjury threatened to thenation
from an acquiescence in the misuse, or from a frus-
tration of it, be the greater.
" On the first point, there is certainly room for
difference of opinion; though, for myself, I must
own that I have always leaned to the belief that the
restriction was not within the true scope of the
Constitution.
" On the alternative presented by the second
point, there can be no room, with the cool^and can-
did, for blame on those acquiescing in a concilia-
! tory course, the demand for which was deemed
j urgent, and the course itself deemed not irrecon-
j cilable with the Constitution.
I " This is the hasty view I have taken of the sub-
j ject. I am aware that it may be suspected of
i being influenced By the habit of a guarded con-
I struction of constitutional powers; and I have cer-
tainly felt all the influence that could justly flow
from a conviction, that an uncontrolled dispersion
of the slaves now within the United States, was
not only best for the nation, but most favorable for
the slaves also, both as to their prospects of eman-
cipation, and as to their condition in the mean time.
" The inflammatory conduct of Mr. r * * *% sur-
prises every one. His general warfare against the
slaveholfling States, and his efforis to disparage
the securities derived from the Constitution, were
least of all to have b«en looked for. I have no-
ticed less of recurrence to contemporary exposi-
tions of the charter, than was to have been ex-
pected from the zeal and industry of the champions
m debate. The proceedings of the Virginia con-
vention have been well sifted; but those of other
States ought not to have been overlooked. The
speeches of Mr. King, in Massachusetts, and Mr.
Hamilton, in New York, show the ground on
which they vindicated, particularly, the compound
rule of representation m Congress; and doubtless
there are many other evidences of the way of
thinking then prevalent on that and other aiticles,
equally the result of a sense of equity and a spirit
of mutual concession."
| Ne. 8.
mr. jefferson to president monroe,
Extract of a letter dated Monticello, March 3, 1820.
u I am indebted to you for your two letters of
February 7 and 19. This Missouri question, by
a geographical line of division, is the most por-
tentous one 1 have ever contemplated. * * * * is
ready to risk the Union forany chanceof restoring
his party to power, and wriggling himself to the
head of it; nor is ■* * * * * * * without his hopes,
I nor scrupulous as to the means of fulfilling them,
l I hope I shall be spared the pain of witnessing it,
j either by the good sense of the people, or by the
! more certain reliance—the hand of death. On this
■ or that side of the Styx, I am ever and devotedly
| yours."
| No. 9.
j The following letter is published on account of
i its interesting" prophetic references to the Floridas,
) to Texas, and to Cuba, though it is not directly
| pertinent to the questions involved in this discus-
; sion :
; Montjcello, JSIay 14, 1820.
Dear Sir : Your favor of the 3d is received,
vote, on constitutional grounds, against the restiic- n and always with welcome. These texts of truth
tion on Missouri, that there is some other mode of ,' relieve me from the floating falsehoods of the pub-
I explaining them in their actual application. j, lie papers.
| "As to the right of Congress to apply such a re-|' 1 confess to you I am not sorry for the non-
I striction during the territorial period, it depends on ij' ratification of the Spanish treaty. Our assent to it
' the clause specially providing for the management |: has proved our desire to be on friendly terms with
I of those subordinate establishments. ,[ Spain; their dissent, the imbecility and malignity
; " On one side it naturally occurs, that the right, \\ of their Government towards us. We have placed
' bein* given from the necessity of the case, and in >; them in the wrong in the eyes of the world, and
! suspension of the great principle of self-govern- '\ that is well. But to us the province of Texas will bea
\ ment, ou^ht not to be extended further, nor con- j tke richest State of our Union, without any exception.
tinned longer, than the occasion might fairly re- h Its southern pari will make more sugar than we can
i qUire. !! consume, and the Red Aiver on it; north is ths most
