APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. 20,
30th Cong.,...2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Fisher.
Ho. of Reps.
however, for a lime, faction may convulse tile-
nation, and passion and party prejudice sway its
functionaries, the season of reflection will recur,
when, calmly retracing their deeds, all aberrations
from, fundamental principle will be corrected. But
once substitute practice for principle, the exposition
of the Constitution for the(ea;(of the Constitution,
at\d in vain shall we look for the instrument in the
instrument itself! It will be as diffused and in-
tangible as the pretended constitution of England;
and must be sought for in the statute book, in the
fugitive journals of Congress, and in reports of the
Secretary of the Treasury. What would be our
condition if we were to take the-interpretations
given to that sacred book which is, or ought to be,
tjie criterion of our faith, forthe book itself? We
should find the Holy Bible buried beneath the in-
terpretations,' glosses, and comments of councils,
synods, and learned divines, which have produced
swarms of intolerant and furious sects, partaking
less of the mildness and meekness of their origin
than of a vindictive spirit of hostility towards each
other. They ought to afford us a solemn warning to
make that Constitution, iphichwe have sworn to sup-
port, our invariable guide."
Note I.
.Memorandum as to slave-trade acts, Sfc.
The first act respecting the foreign slave trade
was passed March 22, 1794, and prohibited citi-
zens of the United States from being engaged in
the slave trade m and between foreign countries.
The next is that of May 10, 1800, in addition to
 the first, and for the same object; and the sixth
section provides." that nothing in this act shall be
construed to authorize the bringing into either of
the United States any person* or persons, the im-
portation of whom is by the existing laws of such
State prohibited. The next is the act of February
28, 1H03. 1 have before referred to it. This act
prohibited the bringing into a State, or its wate.rs,
any negro, &c., (free or ajpve,) when the laws of
such State prohibited sunn bringing in, &c. Mis-
taking its object and the causes of its enactment,
an eminent judge, in a hasty opinion not called for
in the case, doubted its application to a negro who
was one of the crew of a foreign vessel; and it is
since sought to evade it by bringing in such per-
sons in that capacity, in defiance of State laws!
This is a most important and salutary aci, if prop-
erly and rigidly enforced. The British Govern-
ment have remonstrated against its enforcement as
.to the Bahamian negro and mulatfo Emancipees,
who are found on boaid the wreckers and fishing
smacks of those islands and the other British West
Indies, (and who infest our coasts and waters, in-
terfering with the privileges of our citizens, and
attempting to do mischief otherwise,) and allege
it is a violation of our treaty stipulations with
Great Britain; and the opinion of the judge I have
alluded to has been noticed to sustain a depart-
mental suggestion as to the act restraining its op-
eration as to the crows of foreign vessels- but the
question is rightly left untouched, and the law
will tukeils course when a proper case arises. The
people of Florida, it is certain, if this act is inef-
fectual, will find other means of preventing the
admission of foreign incendiaries into the State,
and at all hazards. The act was passed expressly,
and in terms intended to be, in aid of the statutes
of different States prohibiting the bringing in of
negroes, mulattoes,-and persons of color, whether
free or slaves, from abroad. That act was passed
upon the petition of citizens of Wilmington, North
Carolina. Laws of that Stale prohibiting the in-
troduction of all negroes, &c., from abroad, were
found to be ineffectual. This was made to aid in
their enforcement. It imposes heavy penalties,
and forfeiture of vessel, &<•', for a violation of any
State law, whether the person of color is bond or
free. Its immediate object was to keep out the
fugitives and mulattoes, bond or free, escaping
from St. Domingo and other West India islands
during the Brigand and Maroon insurrections. It
was passed five years before the expiration of the
interdict in 1808. JNobody ever disputed its con-
stitutionality.
The act passed March 2, 1807, to go into oper- I
alion January 1st, 1S08* prohibits the importation i
ot ne roes, mulattoes, or persons of color, as slaves. !
■ ine 8th and 9th sections, aa I have before stated, i
recognize the transportation of slaves from a slave
State " by sea" to any place "icif/iim Ihe jurisdic-
tion of the United States." An additional act was
passed April 20,1818, repealing the first six sections
of the act of 1807, and altering and extending those
provisions, but the 8th, 9th, and 10th sections were
untouched. This last expressly names " territo-
ries," and makes the prohibition applicable to
them precisely as it applied to the States. The
7th section, prohibiting the purchasing or holding
of a slave illegally imported, and imposing forfeit-
ures therefore, contains this proviso:
"Provided, That the aforesaid forfeiture <«hall not ettend
to the seller or purchaser of any negro, mulatto, or person
of color who maybe sold or disposed of in virtue of any
regulations which may have been heretofore, or shall here-
after be, lawfully made by any legislature of any State or
Territory in pursuance of this aet and the Constitution of
the United States,"
The 5th section of same act of 1818, provides
that negroes, &c., so imported, shall remain sub-
ject to regulations—not contravening that act—
which the Legislature of any State or Territory had
made or should make for their disposal. An ad-
ditional act was passed March 3, 1819, affording
more efficacious means of enforcing the previous
laws, but not very materially changing them. On
the 15th May, 1820, an act wtfs passed making the
being concerned by a citizen of the'United States
in any way in the foreign slave trade, statutory
"piracy. This law is still in force. This novel
species of piracy is punished by death! The pun-
ishment had been forfeitureof vessel,fine,imprison-
ment, &c. The 4th and 5th sections of this act
expressly recognize slavery in " Territoriae.,,
With respect to this mode of making participation
in the slave trade " piracy,the act is certainly a
curiosity. "Piracy"is a crime defined by, and
against the laws of nations. It is punished under
those laws by every civilized nation. A pirate is
hoslis humani generis, and the authorities of any
nation may seize, try, and hang him. It is anom-
alous for a government thus not only to outlaw, as
to the whole world, its citizens by local statute; i
but to declare that being concerned in a ccrtain
trade heretofore sanctioned by the laws .of nations
shall constitute a definite specific crime against those
laios> is still-more singular. The act might have
been as well declared murder; though no homicide
was committed, or arson, or perjury. Then, too,
it would not have involved the inconsistency of*
refusing^ though rightfully, the arnfed vessels of
other governments permission to seize, and their
courts to try, our citizens engaged in- what by law
we expressly declare to be "piracy."
Southern Territorial Acts.
The first act of Congress relating to the southfern
territories was that of May 16, 1790, and it adopt-
ed the ordinance of 1787, except the sixth article,
prohibited by the terms of the cession from North
Carolina, made by State Legislature in December,
1789, and by her commissioners February 25,1790,
and accepted by Congress April 2, 1790. This
related to Tennessee, which was admitted June 1,
1796.
The second was respecting the Mississippi Ter-
ritory, passed the 7th of April, 179^. This also
adopts the ordinance excluding the sixth article.
This article was subsequently excluded by the
terms of the cession 24th April, 1802.. The act of
1798 prohibited any "importing" or "bringing!
into" Mississippi Territory any slave from any j
place " withojut the limits of the United States," j
under a penalty of $300, and slave to be free. - j
The third act relates to the same Territory, and .
was passed May 10, 1800, but it does not bear on |
this question. It provides chiefly for the election I
by the " free " people of a territorial legislature. 1
The fourth act is that of October 31, 1803, au- |j
thonzing the President to take possession of Lou- :
isiana, and investing all military, civil, and judicial j
powers in the officers he may appoint to govern it /
temporarily. j
The fifth is the act of March 6, 1804, dividing j
Louisiana into two districts, one to be called "Or- I
leans Territory." The tenth section adopts the '
prohibition of the Mississippi act of the 7th of j
April, 1798, in terms, penalty, &c. It then ex- '
eludes slaves from any place within the United ■
States, imported into the United States since May |
1, 1798, and all slaves thereafter imported from :
abroad under a like penalty, &c.; and further ex- i
dudes all slaves except of citizens of the United |
States who shall be their bona fide owners, and for
*■ actual settlement," &c., and slave introduced
contrary to the act shall be free, &c. This was
lo go into operation 1st October, 1804*-and expire
1st October, 1805, or at the end of next session of
Congress thereafter. This act also created the
district of Louisiana, composed of the northern
part of the.country ceded by Prance, and placed it
under the control of the authorities of the Indiana
Territory.
The sixth act is that of 2d March, 1805. It
supplies the temporwy act last cited. It adopts the
ordinance of 1787, except the 6th article, as to
slavery, which it expressly "excludes/' and^as to
descents, &e. . It continues "residue" of act of
1804, not repugnant to it? in force till repealed, &c.
The seventh act is that of February 20,1811, by
which " the free white male citizens" of Orleans
Territory were authorized to form a State consti-
tution; and by act of May 22, 1822, the State of '
Louisiana was admitted into the Union.
The eighth act is {hat of June 4,1812, by which
thfc Territory formerly called Louisiana was created
a Territory, and called " Missouri." It contains
no provisions with respect to slavery, except that
"free white male citizens" only are allowed the
elective franchise. The acts of 1804 and 1805 are
extended when not repugnant.
The ninth act relates to Alabama organized as
a Territory Match 3, 1817. Nothing is said about
slavery in the act, but the Mississippi laws were
adopted. Her "free white male citizens" were
authorized to for.m a State constitution March 1$,
1819; and December 4, 181$, she \vas admitted
into theUnion.
The tenth is the act of 2d March, 1819, which
formed Arkansas Territory out of the southern
part of Missouri, giving her "free white male resi-
dents" only the elective franchise. She was ad-
mitted June 15, 1836, into the Union.
Eleventh. Florida was organized a Territory in
1822. The President had 6een previously empow-
ered to take possession, and appoint officers, as was
done in Orleans Territory. The aet is March 4,
1819. By the first act organizing the Territorial
Government, theimportation of slaves from abroad
was prohibited, under a penalty of $300 and slave
being free. That law being amended, the provision
was reenacted by an act of 1823, and it was con-
tinued while Florida was a Territory. The elective
franchise was allowed by act <sf Congess to certain
"free while male citizens " and who only could
serve as jurors.
The Florida foreign slave trade prohibition so
pertinaciously adhered to as a special act for Florida,
though all the general slave trade acts were ex- „
pressly made to be m force- there, operated as a
repeal^ in part, of the famous piracy act as to Flor-
ida. For bringing a slave into that Territory from
"Africa, instead being hanged as a pirate, the offend-
er paid only $300, and the slave was freed. Th-e
provision was copied from that of the acts passed
before 1808, and it is an evidence of the stupid
blundering, or ignorance and blind folly, of thos«
who procured its passage.
THE TARIFF.
SPEECH OF MR. DAVID FISHER,
of ohio,
In *he House of Representatives,
December 20, 1848.
The House be-ine m Committee of the Whole on the state
of tbe«LTmon,upon the resolutions referring the President's
meg^age—
The pendin? question was on the motion of Mi. Rcmsey,
to amend the fouith resolution, which is in the following
words, viz:
"4th, That so much of said message as relates to the
tariffs of 1842 and 1846, the revenue, the state of the treasury,
the public debt, the subtreasury, the genera! condition of the
finances, the estimated receipts and expenditures for the
next fiscal year, the unliquidated claims of citizens of the
United Stares against Mexico, and the establishment of ad-
ditional branch mints, be referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.,?
So as to strike out the words," the tariffs of 1846 and
18-19," and to add the following as an additional resolution :
Resolved, That so much of the said message as relates to
the tariffs of 1846 and 1842 "be referred to the Committee on
Manufactures.
Mr. FISHER (who was entitled to the floor
