1<848.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
30th Cong 2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Fisher. .
Ho. of Reps.
from yesterday) resumed and concluded his re-
marks, as follows: ,
Mr. Chairman: In the few moments I spoke on
yesterday I indicated my intention to vote for the
* original resolution reported by the chairman of
the Committee of Ways, and Means, which re-
ferred that part of the President's message relative
to the tariffs of 1842 and 1846 to the Committee
of Ways and Means, and against the amendment
of the gentleman from New York to refer it to th,e
Committee on Manufactures. Yet I care but little
to what committee it is referred. I have no fears
- that if a report is made at all it will do ample jus-,
tice to the subject of the tariff, and to the Presi-
dent's massage upon that subject. It is my opin-
- ion, a report should be made at this time, with as
little delay as possible. I am aware that it has
been said, on the opposite side of the House, that
gentlemen on this side were afraid of the influence
of the President's message upon the country, and
-so desired to prepare an answer to it to go out
before the people. Very well; we certainly have
a right to send out the truth, to disabuse the minds
of the people of the impressions made upon them
by the erroneous assertions and arguments of the
President's message; for certainly that part of it
.whicTi refers to the tariffs of 1842 and 1846 was
■designed for an electioneering document, and noth-
ing else. Five or six of the last columns of that
voluminous document belong not to the message,
but appear to be scraps, perhaps written by the
President himself, prior to the late election, for the
columns of the "Union." But "Father Ritchie,"
being more prudent than the President, foresaw
the evil, and rejected them, lndecck the venerable
«'ditor of the " Union" himself told us a week or
two 'since, tbat that part of the message,, which
relates to the tariff, was written before the election.
Now, how he knew this, unless it was presented
to him for publication, I cannot tell. But the
President appeared determined that his argument
should not be lost, so he thought he would attach
them to the fag end of his message.
The attentive reader cannot but observe, that
the message is a medley of contradictions, sophis-
try, and downright falsehood, from beginning to
end, so far as the question of protective policy is
concerned, misrepresenting the acts, and impugn-
ing the designs and motives of the Republican
party, with Mr. Madison at its head, of 1816.
But now the President and head of the modern
■professed Republican party, after their defeat, has
thrown off the guise, and made a virulent attack
upon the measures and motives of those who con-
ducted the ship of State safely through an arduous
war with the most powerful nation upon earth!—
yes, those whose honest, patriotic Republicanism
has never been called in question, by any one,
since the final overthrow of Federalism in 1816.
This modern Locofoco party have claimed, as
I have heretofore understood, to be the true de-
scendants of the Republican party of 1812. But
now the President in his annual message to Con-
' gress turns upon that party, and tells us that they
" departed from our earlier policy—that they en-
' larged the powers of the Federal Government by
' construction, which was not warranted by the
' Constitution—that they introduced a new policy;
* to concentrate more power into the hands of the
' Government by illegitimate modes—that they
* wished to base our Government upon different
4 orders of society, so constituted as to throw the
*• whole power of the nation into the hands of a
1 few, who taxed and controlled the many without
* responsibility or restraint—that they were fasci-
' nated by the ease, luxury, and disylay of the
' higher orders (in Europe.") "That they devised
' a system of measures calculated to withdraw
* power from the States and the mass of the people,
' and to approximate our Government to the Eu-
' ropean models, substituting an aristocracy of
' wealth for that of orders and titles—that they
' conceived the vain idea of building up_ in the
1 United States a system similar to that which they
' admired abroad—that this new system was to
* afford bounties to favored classes, at the expense
4 "of all others—to tax the whole people for the
' purpose of enriching a few—that the scheme was
' veiled under delusive pretext to protect home in-
' dustry—that this was a partnership between the
' Government and the favored classes—thatava-
' riety of schemes were resorted to for the purpose
' of enlarging the expenditures, to advaace the in-
' terests of large capitalists and monopolists, at the
e expense of the great mass of the people, who',
' were taxed to increase their wealth—that they"
' desired to maintain a rich and splendid Govern-
' ment at the expense of a taxed and impoverished
' people—that they sought to wield the political
' power of the country, to deceive and delude the
' people—that this whole train of measures was.
' designed to ta,ke wealth from the maay, and be-
' stow it upon the few," &c.
Now, Mr. Chairman, what do you think of this
picture, as drawn by the masterly hand of -our
pretended Republican President? Does it resem-
ble those sage, patriotic .men who conducted the
affairs of our Government through the war of 1812
with Great Britain? If he had not told us who he
meant, would you ever have dreamed that this was
intended to portray the character of that party who
controlled the Government from 1812 to 1824?
Who ever before heard all, who approved or ad-
vocated a protective tariff, charged with being such
a corrupt, designing set of scoundrels ? And is it
possible, that the corrupt designs of Madison,
Monroe, Clay, Jackson, Benton, Yan Buren, R.
M. Johnson, Adams, Webster, Buchanan, Craw-
ford, Harrison, Cass, and, in a word, all of our
public men of those times, in advocating and voting
for the protective policy, has been kept a secret
from the world, until James K. Polk has seen fit,
impelled by his patriotism, to divulge the secret?
And has it come to this, that the party now in
power is only to be sustained by charging all the
administrations which preceded this with corrupt
designs and motives, except that of the elder Ad-
ams? For none of those measures were enacted
in his administration. What will the rising gen-
eration think of those men Who have been extolled
to the skies for their purity of character and patri-
otism, after reading the history of our country,
and the President's late message? Nay, rather,
what will they think of-the message ? "Why, sir,
they will think of it just as I do and have said,
that it is not true—that it is the merest fiction in
I the universe, except .those former messages which
came from the same hand.
The President has fairly thrown off the guise;
he no longer claims to belong to the old Republican
party. He has said nothing against the measures
of the modern Whig party, only as he has done it
by abusing the policy of the old Republican party,
thereby identifying us with them, which I am per-
fectly willing he should do. And it is not true, as
he has said, that their measures were new meas-
ures, for it is well known to all, that they only
revived the policy which originated at a period
coeval with our Government—originated in the
ad ministration*" of General Washington, and'were
carried on through all the various successive ad-
ministrations, down to 1846.
Again: The President tells us that " under the
' pernicious workings of this combined system of
4 measures, [the tariff, bank, &c.,] the country wit-
' nessed alternate seasons of sudden and disastrous
' commercial revulsions, unprecedented fluctuation
' of prices, and depression to the great interest of
! ' agriculture, navigation, and commerce; of general
1 'pecuniary suffering, and of final bankruptcy of
' thousands." Now, sir, is this true? If so, when
did it take "place? Never when those measures
were in full operation. But three " great com-
mercial revulsions" have taken place in this coun-
, try since the Revolution. The first was from 1783
!j to 1791; the second from 1815 to 1824; and the
i! third from 1837 to 1842; and at neither of those
| periods had we a United States Bunk or a piotect-
,■ ive tariff. To prose the truth of this, I appeal to
!! those who recollect those periods, and to the his-
: tory of our country. So far from its being true
!' that the above measures ever produced "general
pecuniary suffering and final bankruptcy of thou-
sands,"'it has only taken place in the abscnce of
i those measures, and was the very thing, on all
I occasions, which induced their adoption, to relieve
T the country from its suffering and embarrassment,
j; And never were they adopted but they produced
i | the desired effect, and even more than was an-
il ticipated by the authors of them, a the^ annals
I of "history prove. The first revulsion induced
II the adoption of the present form of government,
|| for the very purpose of instituting those mens-
ll ures, especially that of a protective tariff. I he
second came on in 1815, three years after the
expiration of the old bank, and the inadequacy
of the tariff, and induced the revival of those
measures by the Republican party. The third
commercial revulsion. came on in 1837, and is
within the recollection of the smallest boy in this
Hall. The second*United States Bank charter
expired one year before, and the duty had; been
reduced to twenty per cent, ad valorem, when
universal bankruptcy prevailed, both of the Gov-
ernment and the people. The Republican Whig
party having once more obtained the power, the
cry went up from all partsof the Union.for relief,
which induced the adoption of the same policy
which had delivered the country from its embar-
rassed condition on two former occasions. But
-unfortunately, when the country was fast recov, '
ering, but before it was entirely free from embar-
rassment, the same reckless party who brought on
the former disasters came into power, and arrested
the progress and prosperity of the country by
again overturning a just and wise proteative pol-
; icy; and that, too, against the almost, universal
j remonstrance of the people; and instituting a pol-
icy which has never failed to bring on universal •
| distress and suffering. And now, sir, already,
I when this policy has been in operation but a little
rising two years, the national debt has accumu-
j lated to about one hundred millions of dollars, and
i a depression of the various interests of the coun-
| try is beginning to be severely felt; and if, the
| policy of the Government is not changed, a uni-
[ versal revulsion will as certainly take place in one
i or two years at most, as that effect follows an ade-
quate cause. This is not a mere abstraction; it is
the dictate of right reason and of common sense.
I reason from what I know; I judge.of the future
from the past: like causes produce like effects; and
as low duties nevertiave produced any other effect
than that of universal "pecuniary suffering," 1
judge it never will. What has prevented its talcing
place before this time? Nothing but the famine in
Europe. Gentlemen laugh at this, and the Secre-
tary of the Treasury intimates that there has beea
I no famine there. Have gentlemen so soon forgot-
! ten the sufferings of poor Ireland—the thousands
| who starved to death there—the vast quantity of
j breadstuff's sent to them as a gratuity by the be-
i nevolent citizens of this country, and the bill which
j they rejected in the Senate to donate five hundred
thousand dollars to preserve the lives of those
, poor people? I ask, have they forgotten all this?
I If so, their sympathy for poor Ireland is not as
i great as is sometimes pretended.
Yes, Mr. Chairman, I repeat, that the famine in
Europe is all that has prevented universal distress
in this country at this-time. Have not the Presi-
dent and his Secretary boasted of the vast amount
of breadstuff's exported to Europe last year ? And
yet thousands starved to death there. But yet
there was no famine! Oh, no; it was all the effect
of free trade. But the Secretary tells us there lias
I been a revulsion in Great Britain. What, sir, pro-
duced that revulsion? Y/as it their free-trade
system, or was it the famine? They, too, can
boast of having exported more goods the last year
to the United States than they ever did before in
lj the same time; and yet there was a revulsion. It
■ is strange that the repeal of their corn laws works
a revulsion there, and the repeal of our tariff law
. "work's such " unparalleled prosperity here !" But
i so it is; the President, with all his ingenuity, can-
il not conceal the naked absurdity and contradictions
of his message. After reciting the various meas-
ures which he has adopted, he says: " The whole
'•country has become "Satisfied with it." Father
1 Ritchie was no doubt right m saying that this was
j written before the election; and I suppose the Pres-
Si ident forgot to strike it out after it was proved not
ji to be true at the ballot-box.
• , Aga'n: The President says: " The present con-
dition of the comitrv is similar, in some respects,
ji to that which existed immediately after the close of
the war with Great Britain in 1815." Butiu what
respects, this deponent sayeth not. But he goes on
and says: "There was at that peiiod of oui his-
tory a departure from our earlier policy." Does
he mean to be understood that tne similarity con-
sists in this? That there is a departure now tiom '
;! our earlier policy is true; but that there then,
'! is not true. And for the purpose of returning to
i | the earlier policy of our first Presidents, the people
