1848:]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ft
30th Cong 2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Fisher.
Ho. or ReH.
ment, which accrued under the low tariff of 1840.
But the .tariff of 1846 reduced the tariff of 1842
about one-third. Hence, to raise the same amount
. of revenue under the existing tariff that was raised
under that of 1842, we must purchase one hun-
dred and fifty millions of dutiable imports, instead
of one hundred millions, and so exclude fifty mil-
lions of our home manufactures from the market-/
and, consequently, throw our own mechanics and
laborers out of employment to the number it re-
quired to manufacture fifty millions dollars' worth
of goods. The real difference, then, between the
two tariffs is this: the tariff of 1842 prohibited fifty
millions of foreign goods,' and gave the market to
our hdme manufactures to that amount; but that of
1846 prohibits fifty millions of our home manufac-
tures, and gives the market to foreign manufactures
to that amount. It does not require any great
powers of intellect-to discover which system is
the most American. Both tariffs bring the same
amount of revenue; and goods sell at the same price
under both. The only question, then, to be settled
on this point is, which is best for the people of
the United States—to purchase $50,000,000 worth
of goods manufactured by- foreign labor out of
foreign materials, or the same amount manufac-
tured by American labor out of American mate-
rials, at the same prices ? Why, says the free-
trade party, it is best to purchase of foreigners,
because, by so doing, they will purchase that
amount more of our exports. This is not true;
but, to give them the benefit of all they ask, I will
ask.another question; which is best, for the farm-
ers of the United States to take their wheat,
wool, and raw hides to Great Britain, and there
have them manufactured into flour, cloth, leather,
and then into shoes, or to let their neighbors
do it all at the same prices ? And the Pennsyl-
vanians, too; would it be better for them to take
their coal and iron ore to Great Britain, and there
have it manufactured, and then buy their iron, or
manufacture it themselves? And so, also, the cot-
ton planter. I think it would not require'much
reading on political economy to determine these
questions against free trade. The exercise of a
little common sense would settle the whole matter
in favor of home manufactures.
Mr. LAHM wished to ask his colleague one
other question. If it was legitimate to exclude
$50,000,000 when they amounted to $150,000,000,
why did not the same principle hold good to the
exclusion of fifty additional millions, or of the
whole?
Mr. FISHER. It is in our power to do so;
but it is not necessary for the protection we desire;
for we do not expect to manufacture all the articles
which are consumed in the country. Another
thing: the fact that our manufactories were com-
pelled to stop operation' previous to the tariff of
1842, and afterwards were enabled to commence
and continue in operation, when goods sold lower
than before, is proof positive that protection doe's
not consist in high prices; for, no matter what the
prices may be, if the manufacturer invests all his
capital in goods, and they lie in his warehouse for
the want of a market, he will be compelled to cease
operation. In 1842, foreign goods had possession
of our markets; and if the increased duty (which
was about fifteen per cent.) of the tariff of that
year had been added to the price of the goods,
they wouldthave kept possession of it, and our
manufactories would have remained closed as be-
fore; the increased duty would have been no ad-
vantage to them, or any disadvantage to the foreign
importer. Hence, as I have said,, protection does
not consist in high prices, but in a ready mar-
- ket; and this never can be obtained only by pro-
hibition.
It was not for the want of a price that our man-
ufactories were closed in 1842, but for the want of
a market; prices were good enough, but they could
not sell. But when that tariff took effect, it pro-
hibited, to a certain extent', foreign imports, and
gave the market to our own manufacturers; and,
because they could make ready sales and quick
returns, they could, and did, sell at reduced prices.
These are now the facts in the case, and'no soph-
istry can overturn them. But, to illustrate and
make plain to all the reason why goods can be sold
at lower prices under a protective duty than under
free trade, I wiM suppose that here, in the city of
Washington, there are two merchants, each em-
ploying a capital of twenty thousand dollars. One
of them sells tardily, he turns his capital but once
in a year, at a profit of forty per cent. The other
sells rapidly, and turns his capital four times in a
year. Now, the latter could undersell the former
thirty per cent., and make as much money. For,
if he sells at a profit of ten per cent., and turns his
capital four times, it will amount to as much profit
as will be received on the same amount of capital
turned but once with a profit of forty per cent.
And, consequently, twenty thousand dollars turned
four times would be as much money in the hands
of the capitalist as eighty thousand dollars turned
but once. This, now, is the true secret of goods
selling lower'with protection than they do without.
And it is to the advantage of our manufacturers to
sell as low as possible; for the lower they sell the
fewer foreign goods will be brought into competi-
tion with them, and the brisker will be their sales.
Error never can be reconciled with truth. More
fully, now, to prove the absurdity of the doctrine,
that a protective duty will enhance the price of
goods to that amount, I will now introduce the
third objection urged against a protective tariff, to
wit: " That it will prohibit foreign importation,
' and thus force us into direct taxation for the sup-
' port of Government." This is the principal
objection urged by Mr. Walker in his late annual
report. The first part of this proposition is true,
but the conclusion, "that it will force us into
direct taxation for the support of Government,"
is erroneous; which I will demonstrdte by-and-by.
It being a fact admitted by all free-trade men as
well as protectionists, that protective duties will
prohibit imports, this admitted fact comes in con-
flict with, and completely overturns, the great ob-
jection to protection—" that the consumer has the
duty to pay." These two propositions are per-
fectly antagonistic to each other. It is impossible
for both to be true. One may be and is true; but
both cannot be. If it is true that the duty is added
to the price of the article, it is not true that it pro-
hibits importation. And, if it is true that it pro-
hibits importation, then it is not true that it is
added to the price of the article. I do not know
that I would be much of an acquisition to the free
trade ranks; but if the President, his Secretary, or
any gentleman upon this floor, can reconcile these
two propositions, they shall have my humble
services m their ranks for all time to come.
As I have said, it is an admitted fact, that pro-
tective duties do prohibit importations; for, unless
they do, they are not protective. Now, if the duty
is added to the price of the article, I desire to know
why it prohibits them? Suppose, by way of illus-
tration, that without a duty a hat coula be pur-
chased here for three-dollars of the importer; but,
now, our Government lays a duty of one dollar,
or 33j per cent., upon the hat; and that duty, ac-
cording to the free-trade doctrine, is added to the
former price of the hat, and it now sells for four,
instead of three dollars; I ask, why would that
prevent the importation of hats? The importer
would return with the same amount of net profits
that he did before the duty was laid. .
Mr. LAHM inquired who, in that case, paid
the additional duty of one dollar upon the-price of
the hat? Was it the man who consumed the hat
or not?
Mr. FISHER. The gentleman does not under-
stand me. I deny that it is added to the price of
the hat; if it were, the consumer would pay for it
of course. But I was trying to show, that if it
was, it would not prevent the importation of hats;
for what do the importers care about the amount
of duty laid upon the hat, if they can sell it that
much higher here? Why, if the doctrine is true,
you cannot lay .a duty so high as to prohibit the
importation of hats. Lay a duty of ten dollars,
if you please, upon the hat, and then add that to
the former price, and let the importer sell it for
thirteen dollars, instead of three, and it will not
prohibit the importation of hats. Why should it?
He takes back three dollars profit, just as he did
before there was any duty laid upon it at all. But
if a duty of ene dollar were laid upon the hat, and
it would continue to sell for but three dollars here,
as before the duty was laid, then the importer
would have to return with but tivo dollars, instead
of three—having paid one dollar duty. This, sir,
would be very apt to prohibit the importation of
many hats—would it not?* This, and this alone,
can, prohibit the importation of goods. That a
duty does prohibit imports, is proof positive that
it is not added to the price,, and that the consumer
has it not to pay.
To prate about the protective tariff enhancing the
price to that amoun|tand yet say that it prohibits
importation, is perfectly idle, and cannot be recon-
ciled. If the duty wfere this day increased 50 per -
cent., and goods were to sell that much higher than
they now do in consequence of it, it would prohibit
no more goods than the present tariff law does; but
if goods were nof to rise in price, it would prohibit
nearly all dutiable goods.
But it is often said that foreigners will, though
they have it at first to pay, add it to the price of
their goods. Well, suppose they do.; does it follow
as a consequence that we must pay it? If men
would lay aside their theories, and study their ow;n
experience, and pay some attention to the everyr
day transactions of trade and their own business,
such inconsistent notions would not give theba
much trouble. 1 was brought up .a farmer, and
have followed that occupation nearly all my Iifej
-and I have long since learned that I had to sell my
produce at the current price in the market or not
sell at all, no matter what it may cost me to get ft
there. Suppose that a farmer lives out of this city
some fifty miles, and that, coming to market with
a wagon-load of flour, he pays a toll at several
gates, and by the time he arrives here his flour
has cost him twenty-five cents per barrel tolla§e.
He offers it in market, and a merchant asks hum
his price for his flour. He answers, six-dollars and
twenty-five centsper barrel. The merchant replies
that he can purcnase at six dolfars; that that is the
market price. The farmer, being of the free-trade
faith, says, Yes, true; but I had to pay twenty-five
cents per barrel tollage, and the doctrine of my
party is, that the duty or tollage is added to the
price of the flour, and that the consumer of it has
it to pay; so I must have six dollars and twenty-
five cents per barrel. The merchant would laugh
at his ignorance, and say, I tell you, you must be
content to take the market price, or tak^our flour
home with you.
Now, if there was no other flour to be had in
market but his, then necessity would compel the
consumer to pay the additional 25 cents. But he
finds others in market as well as himself, so he
must be content to take the current price. So with
i foreign importers; they may add the duty and all
j other costs as much as they please, and what does
j that avail ? They meet our manufacturers in mar-
I ket here, and of course our merchants .will buy of
! them'rather than buy the foreign article which is
1 of no better quality, and pay the duty in addi-
! tion, when they oan get the domestic article with-
I out paying it. But they will add the duty to theirs !
i This has been proved not to be true. Now, if,the
! free-trade doctrine prevails, and our manfacturers
! are broken down, and foreigners have the whole
j control of our markets, then I admit, that they can
] add any cost they please to their goods, and we wiil
j be compelled to pay it, because there will be no
i goods in market but their own. But this can
1 never be done under a protective tariff. Or, if
[ there is a duty laid upon any article of necessity,
| which we do not produce in this country, then the
! duty could, and perhaps would be added, and the
American consumer would have it to pay. Hence,
the Whigs have refused to lay a duty upon tea
and coffee, although urged by the present Admin-
, istratioii over and over again to do so.
I For the sake of brevity, I have said the importer
1 had the duty to pay; but there is no doubt that
the foreign manufacturer makes the deduction from
the price of his goods to that amount, and so is
, the loser. And when I speak of manufactories, I
l do not mean those large establishments exclusively.
I also mean the shop that contains but a single
, individual.. A single shoemaker is as much a man-
ufacturer of shoes as he who owns the largest shoe
j manufactory in Lynn; and he needs,and receives,
[ the benefit of protection as much, in his sphere,
as the largest manufacturer in the United States.
| Call them by what name you please all the dif-
j ference is in the size of their shops. And when I
■ speak of goods, 1 mean all kinds of manufactured
| articles which are made in this country, whether
' iron, wool, cotton, hemp, flax, wood, or raw
i hides.
! But again: If the consumer has the duty to pay,
