T3
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. 20,
39th Cong.....2d Sess.
The Tariff-—Mr. Fisher.
Ho. of Reps.
why do we, complain of, or care, what amount of
duty other nations lay upon our exports, since the
duty is paid-by the foreign consumer ? And why
does Mr. Walker rejoice so much at the repeal of the
British corn laws ? icare not how much duty is laid
on my wheat and.pork by fotfgn nations, if they
pay it themselves. Nor need they care how much we
lay upon their imports, if we pay it ourselves. For,
according to the doctrine of the President^ mes-
sage and the Secretary's report—indeed, of the
whole party—we pay all the duty we lay upon
imports; ana other nations pay all the duty tltey lay
upon our exports. But the President and Secretary
rejoice very much because the tariff of 1846 makes
the people pay several millions more tax than they
did under the tariff of 1842. And, to make us pay
still more, they propose to destroy our manufac-
tories, and compel us to buy all from abroad, that
we may pay tax upon all we use. They rejoice
yery much because they have compelled us to buy,
last year, one hundred and fifty millions'of dollars'
worth of goods from abroad. Why' Because
this tariff law of theirs made us pay (according to
their doctrine) thirty-one millions of dollars tax on
them ! Well, this may be a matter of joy to" them;
but it cannot be to the people, if they believe the
doctrine.
• Another thing: If this free-trade party is sin-
cere in the belief that the people of the United
States have to pay all the duty or tax we lay upon
foreign goods, and they have as much regard for
the poor as they profess to have, why not change
the policy, so as to relieve us from taxation en-
tirely, and compel other nations to pay it for us?
It is easily done; just take the duty off th eimporls,
and lay it on our exports; and then, according to
the doctrine, we will be free of paying duty, and
foreign nations, who consume our produce, will
have to pay the expenses of our Government, in-
stead of us. If their doctrine be true, the price of
goods would fall twenty per cent., and our exports
would rise, abroad, to the amount of duty we lay
upon it.
RidiciAus as this really is, it is a true presenta-
tion of the doctrine of the President and Secretary,
and no sophistry can evade it. The constant repe-
tition by thtfee high functionaries of this o'ft-ex-
ploded doctrine, when there is no call forit, deserves
only to be treated with ridicule. It is astonishing
with what apparent assurance they will talk about
" taxing the many for the benefit of the few—to
make the poor poorer and the rich richer—to pro-
tect one interest by taxing all others," &c., (Sc.!
When the tariff of 1843 was still in operation,
they seemed to pant, and puff, and gasp for breath,
as if in the last agonies; and all this from the op-
pression of that miserable taritT of ] 842. So they
repealed it; but goods sell no lower. The people pay
more tax now than they did before; but these men
appear to breathe perfectly free and easy ever since.
But, mind you, they have only thrown the burden
from themselves upon the people; and they, in
turn, are beginning to pant and writhe under it.
They quote'the" tariff of 1842 on some articles
'which were used by the poor man, to prove how
oppressive and unjust it was to tax -him so much.
A case occurred in the campaign of 3844, which is
just in point; to show how futile all such flummery
is. A free-trade stumper was making a speech,
and a man stood before him with a pretty coarse
cotton shirt. The stumper became very eloquent on
the tariff of 1842, and pointing to the man with the
coarse shirt, says: that black Whig tariff made that
poor man pay six cents per yard tax for that coarse
cotton shirt. Well, the man said he did not see
how that could be, for it only cost him five and a
half ccnts per yard; so, he said, he must have
cheated the Government out of haif a cent per
yard, and the manufacturer got nothing for his
labor! Many domestic articles sold for less than the
duty upon the foreign srticles of the same kind.
This now answers all (he objections that can be
urged on the ground of high duties oppressing the
poor man. But there was something very remark-,
able in the tariff of 184:2. Oppressive as it was to
the farmers and all other laborers of the country, j
they never knew it or complained of it, only as
they were told by demagogues that they were op-
pressed; and then they did not believe it, or they
would have asked to be relieved from it; but they
did not. During the existence of that tariff, I never
Heard a complaint of its oppression from a single
former, mechanic, or laborer. And it was amusing
to read the President's messages and locofoco pa-
pers, to see how they were lamenting over us poor
farmers; how we were oppressed and taxed for the
benefit of the capitalists; and howwe were perfectly
contented and knew nothing about it, only as they
told us ! And even then it did not distress us on
our own account, but we were sorry that the Pres-
ident was so much distressed about us!
Much has been said by the President and Sec-
retary against protectionists, " for wishing to legis-
late for the benefit of one particular class of our
citizens and against all others; to force men into
pursuits they do not desire,." &c. That man who
does not know that we cannot legislate for any one
clas3 to the exclusion of all others, has lived to
but little purpose indeed. Who does a protective
tariff force into any kind of business he does not
desire? Or, who is not left as free to choose his
own occupation as he was before? No man is
compelled to leave his plough and go' into a shop,
if he does not desire to do so. Instead of forcing
him into a different pursuit, it only gives him an
opportunity to make a choice of pursuits. It says
to our -citizens, " Here, you who have not a
tact or inclination to farr«j but have a disposition
andj genius to be a mechanic, we will protect you
-against the mechanics of Europe, and give you
a chance to pursue that occupation to which you
are most inclined." There are a great variety of
talents and gifts amongst,us. All of us are not
calculated for farmers, nor all for mechanics.
Protection gives the privilege of a choice, which
privilege we would not have without protection,
because foreign mechanics and manufacturers
would drive us from our shops to the plough for
a support, whether we were inclined to it or not.
I never knew that the protective tariff compelled^me
to be a farmer; nor did I ever know a man that
supposed it compelled him to be a mechanic. We
all supposed we -were voluntarily pursuing that
employment which offered the greatest inducement
to us for a.support.
If a tariff offers a sufficient inducement to a man,
or a company of men, to quit their farms and build
up a manufactory in the neighborhood, did you
ever hear the other farmers complain that the law
was partial; that it was oppressive to them; that
they could not engage in the same business, &c. ?
Or, rather, did they not rejoice at it, and value
their land higher, because they would have a con-
venient market for their produce? Did you ever
hear a farmer complain because he was injured by
the prosperity of a neighboring mechanic or man-
ufacturer?
But we are told that protection does not benefit
the farmer, but is oppressive to him. What does
a farmer want? All he wants is a good price for
his produce, and a convenient and ready market.
What will give them all this ? Free trade will not,
that is certain. Prices are regulated by supply and
demand. Whatever, then, will diminish the sup-
ply and increase the demand, will satisfy'his wants.
This can be done by diminishing the number of
producers, and increasing the number of consumers
who do not produce. Free trade will not do this,
but the reverse; it will drive the consumers out of
their shops to farms, and thus increase the number
of producers upon the one hand; while, upon the
other, it will diminish the number of consumers
who do not produce in the same ratio. But pro-
tection to mechanics and manufacturers will have
precisely the contrary effect; it will diminish the
number of producers, by inducing some to go into
other pursuits, and so increase the number of those
who do not produce; and thus they will become
purchasers to the remaining farmers, instead of
their competitors. Protection, then, will give good :
prices and a ready market; and, by inducing the r1
erection of manufactories in the neighborhood, will 'j
give a convenient market. I!
But we are again told, that free trade will give j|
the farmer the whole world for his market. The |i
reverse is true. Free trade will place all our con- jl
sumers on the other side of the ocean; and will it
not even increase the number there, nor the amount !j
consumed. An agricultural people never can com- jj
pete with a manufacturing people at that distance
apart, because of the vast difference in the weight
and consequent cost of transportation. A farmer
takes a wagon load of produce a few miles, and it
costs him five or ten dollars; and he takes the pro-
ceeds of his load in goods, in his portmanteau, or
perhaps tied up in his handkerchief. A ton of
produce would cost as much to take it to Europe,
as a ton of goods would cost to bring them here,
whilst the produce might not sell for more than
two thousand dollars, and the goods sell for forty
or fifty thousand. Many articles of produce will
not pay cost to take so far as Europe, whilst none
will pay cost to Jake them to China in their crude
state. With a protective tariff, we can make China,
Hindostan, or any part of the world, our market
for our produce; not in its raw state, but we can
sell our prbduce to the manufacturer here, and it
will be consumed by his operatives, and it will
become a constituent part of the cost of the fabric;
and thus, in the shape of goods'of light carriage,
we can sell our produce to the Chinese. If you
sell your produce to England, and then buy your
goods of her, you will buy back your produce
again in the shape of goods; for it will be a part
of the goods, so to speak, because the operatives .
consumed it while they manufactured them. In
buying foreign goods, we always have to pay for
the produce that was consumed in making them,
whether it was of their own production or that
which they purchased from us.
No system is so well calculated to benefit the
farmer, as that which will bring the mechanics
and manufacturers, and consequently the market,
to him. The farmers of Ohio labor under a dis-
advantage by having the manufacturers princi-
pally in New England; it would be much better
for them if they were in Ohio. And there they
would be, in a few years, if a;stable and certain
protective system were established.
Ireland is an almost entire agricultural country,
and has free trade with England; and what is her
condition compared with the neighboring nations
who manufacture for them ? Poor, indeed. But,
if that is too strong a case, take Canada and all
the British provinces in North America. They
are agricultural countries, and have free trade with
Great Britain, and are they more' prosperous than
our neighboring States that join them ? Who can
say that they are near as prosperous, and tell the
truth? Or, let any man consult the annals of his-
tory, and he will there see the miserable condition
of these colonies, and afterwards of these United
States, before the adoption of the present Consti-
tution, when we had entire free trade with all the
world. Do free traders wish to return to such a
state of things again? So it appears.
Having, as I believe, fully proved that what I
have called the second objection to a protective
tariff, to wit: that the duty is added to the price of
the goods, &c.,Jias no foundation in truth,|I will
now, in brief, notice the third objection; that is,
" That a protective tariff will destroy our revenue
and drive us to direct taxation for the support of
Government."
The most effectual method of removing this ob-
jection is, to call up the President's message and
the history of the country. . The message, in
speaking of the introduction, as he'calls it, of the
protective tariff system-in 1816, in connection,
says, that at that time "a public debt of more than
one hundred and twenty millions of dollars ex-
isted." Well, what has become of that debt?
Has it been paid? Certainly it has. Well, was it
paid under a system of free trade or a protective
tariff? The President tells us, " that at that time
there was a currupt, designing set of men who
had the control of our Government, who sought ,
to build up an aristocracy, and trample upon the
rights of the poor man—men who thought a
public debt a blessing, and who sought all means
to squander the public money, in order to have
an excuse for a high tariff," &c. Now, those
men did enact a protective system, or rather made
the then existing system more protective in its
character, from time to time, in 1816, in 1820, in
1824; and in 1828 the highest tariff we ever had
was enacted, and remained till 1832, and then was
a little modified; and in 1833 the compromise bill
was passed; it was gradual in its reduction of du-
ties, so that it was protective till 18?17.
Of course, nofr, if Mr. Walker's doctrine is
true, we were driven to direct taxation for the
support of Government. But what were the facts?
Why, sir, in twenty years, "those corrupt, de-
signing men," with this " corrupt system of pro-
tection, paid every dollar of the'public debt, more
