1848.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL &T.OBE.
30th Cong 2d Sess.
The President's Message—Mr. Hunt.
Ho. of Rep#
1846. External and accidental causes operated
' to counteract its tendencies for the first year after
its passage. Ail extraordinary demand and high
prices for our sarpltis products, saused by the
'famine abroad, warded off tlie blow for a season.
The war with Mexico, by which large numbers
were withdrawn 'from productive pursuits, "was
not without its influence in modifying* the effect of
the new policy. But with the disappearance of
these extraordinary and temporary causes, the
destructive principles of the tariff of 1846 came
dovfrn upon the country with irresistible force.
For the last year, its effect has been to depress the
manufacturing interest in almost every branch.
On this--point we have the testimony of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Thompson,] ,a
prominent supporter of the Administration, who
addressed the House yesterday. He informs us
that the iron interest of Pennsylvania—that "great
interest, which employs so much of the industry
of his State, and which, if properly developed and
sustained, constitutes in itself a source of inex-
■ - haustible wealth—has been completely prostrated
by the act of 1846; and he assures his.party friends
that this question exerted a controlling influence in
that State in the recent elections.
Let us turn from the iron interest to those other
important branches in which so large a capital and
the comfort of so many thousand laboring people
are concerncd—the cotton and woollen manufac-
tures. He asserted what no man can deny, when
he stated that both these branches have labored
under great embarrassment during the past year;
that the enormous' importations of cheap goods
from abroad had reduced prices to a point where
it is impossible for the American manufacturer to
stand against foreign competition; that many estab-
lishments have been compelled to limit their busi-
ness or suspend it altogether; whilst others have
found it necessary to reduce wages from 15 to 30
per cent., as the only means of self-preservation.
' The practical knowledge of" many gentlemen on
this floor would bear him out in these assertions,
and it surprised him that any friend of the present
■ system should venture to invite a contrast between
its practical operation and the early predictions of
its opponents.
He denied that it had produced any favorable
effect upon our agriculture. Excluding the year
of famine, the average prices of our agricultural
products had been 'lower under the present tariff
than under the act of 1842. The embarrassment
caused by such a measure is first felt by those en-
gaged in manufacturing and mechanical pursuits;
. but it soon reaches the agricultural classes, by lim-
iting the home market, and increasing the number
who are forced to resort to cultivation of the land.
As a general proposition, it is impossible for one
of these interests to flourish for any .length of time
while the other is crippled and paralyzed. Con-
sider the present value of our great southern staple,
cotton. He believed it was never cheaper, nor
the market more stagnant, than it has been during
the last year. Wool, that important product of
northern agriculture, had suffered a similar, if nofr
' an equal depression.
Even the President admits that our manufacturers
have experienced some embarrassment the last
year; but he informs us that this is the effect of
" severe commercial revulsions abroad." He
seems to forget that our strongsst objection to the
free-trade system is, that it leaves our industry
exposed to the fluctuations of foreign markets.
Are prices reduced one-third or one-half by polit-
ical convulsions or commercial bankruptcies in
* Europe: our present tariff invites the foreign
manufacturer to throw his surplus upon the Amer-
ican markets; the country is inundated with lm-
. ports; our own workshops are closed, and our
artisans thrown out of employment. A leading
object, and one of the most beneficial effects of a
protective tariff, is to guard our own people against
the ruinous effects of fluctuations and commercial
revolutions in other countries. The free-trade pol-
icy compels us to share the calamities of all nations.
But we are told that the act of 1846 has gxy"en
us an increased and increasing revenue. In other
words, the Government has taken care of itself, let
the people suffer what they may. Mr. H. said
he was ready to admit that the present tariff has
yielded -more revenue'*than was anticipated by
either its advocates or its opponents. This result
is easily explained. It may be attributed, in a large
degree, to those/foreign causes of which he had
spoken. The prostration of prices abroad has
thrown immense quantities of foreign goods into
our markets, to be converted into money at any sac-
rifice. The facilities afforded by our present ad
valorem system have produced large over-importa-
tions, and of course the effect, has been to .swell
the revenue. But gentlemen seem to forget that
every million added" to the revenue by excessive
imports abstracts several millions from the finan-
cial resources of the country to pay for the imported
articles.
We are now purchasing from abroad large quan-
tities of fabrics which we ought to manufacture for
ourselves. These over-importations impoverish
the country, and have exerted a most unfavorable
influence upon our money market during the last
year. The Secretary of the Treasury reports that
our exports for the year have exceeded our imports.
But this, like many estimates from the same source,
will probably prove to be fallacious. The ad va-
lorem. principle opens a door through which goods
are consigned by foreign houses to theirown agents
here under fictitious invoices, and the treasury re-
turns afford no criterion of their real value. He
believed few intelligent commercial men will doubt
that the balance of trade has been considerably
against us the last year. It appears from the treas-
ury returns that the export of specie exceeded the
import by nearly ten millions; several millions of
Government stocks have been remitted and sold
abroad; and it is evident that these items, at least,
were necessary to discharge the commercial balance
against this country.' In reverting to the condition
of the money market during the year, it is not easy
to determine whether the present tariff, or that kin-
dred measwe of the Administration, the sub-treas-
ury, has been most instrumental in producing de-
rangement. It is not to he denied that, between
the combined action of both, our financial affairs
have been thrown into serious disorder and embar-
rassment. The President continues to speak of
the sub-treasury plan for collecting the revenue in
gold and silver in terms of extravagant laudation.
He informs.us that " its effects have been most
salutary upon the business of the country." The
actual state of the money market affords the most
significant commentary upon this assertion.
Have our finances been in a favorable condition
for the pursuits of legitimate and regular business ?
On the contrary, there has been an unusual scar-
city of money in most of our manufacturing and
commercial towns. Interest has been extrava-
gantly high, solvent men having been compelled,
during a large part of the year, to pay two or three
times the legal rates to. preserve their credit and
sustain their business. For a time, while the Gov-
ernment was a borrower, sustaining itself by loans
and treasury notes, the sub-treasury was compar-
atively harmless ; but when the current changed,
and coin began to accumulate in the vaults of your
receivers, the system was felt as a blight upon the
active business ofthe country. In New York, its
effects were so disastrous, that the Secretary of the
Treasury deemed it necessary to ntkke a loan of
the public money, under the disguise of a contract
for the purchase and sale of treasury notes. In-
stead of imparting stability and steadiness to the
currency, it produces fluctuations, and increases
the evils which it professes to remedy. The col-
lection of specie at the principal commercial points
exposes the circulating medium to all the alter-
I nations of the revenue; the ability of the banks
S fluctuates with the ever-varying condition of the
| treasury; and in proportion as the Government is
I enriched by specie, withdrawn from general use,
I the people are impoverished. No persuasion of
i political soothsayers can reconcile the countiy to
I such a system. "The sub-treasury is odious to the
I people; it always was, it always will be. They
| rejected it in 1840, and have Condemned it again in
1848. The whole scheme is absurd and mischiev-
| ous; impracticable in some respects, intolerable in
| others. The voice of the country demands a speedy
' return to a more enlightened system of finance,
] adapted to the habits and condition of our people,
j and administered with proper regard to commer-
cial usages and the public prosperity.
The President devotes a considerable portion ot
his message to the defence of the veto power. This
prerogative is magnified as the chief excellence of
the Constitution, " the shield and buckter'' of- the.
republican system, and great credit is claimed for
the freedom and boldness with which it has been
wielded. He gives us an elaborate argument to
prove, what was never disputed, that since the
power is conferred, it may be proper, under som<e
circumstances, to use it. But the real question is,
what constitutes a sufficient occasion to justify its
exercise ? The power was given as ft check upon
violent or inconsiderate legislation, whether pro-
ceeding from sudden excitement and want of delib-
eration, or from the spirit of faction, by which
legislative bodies have been 'sometimes swayed ih
other times and countries. It is an extreme power,
to be used in extreme cases, to avert a clear and
palpable infraction of the Constitution. But the
doctrines of the message go far beyond the spirit
of the Constitution', and are repugnant to theknown
intentions of its authors.
The President assumes to be the representative
of the whole-people, and that his views are to pre-
vail over the'deliberate judgment of the legislative
bodies composed of members chosen by States and
districts for their supposed knowledge of public
opinion, their fitness to reflect it, and their capacity
to deliberate and decide upon public measures. In
addition to his executive functions, he claims-to
be a constituent branch of the legislature, and it is
for him to judge, in all cases, what laws shall be
enacted.
If the opinions of Congress respecting measures
are contrary to his personal views, then his will is
to prevail, and lie becomes the law-making as well
as the law-executing power.
Mr. H. emphatically denied these doctrines.
He repudiated -them as mriHtrous assumptions.
Tyranny never asserted a bolder pretension than
the claim of the Executive to be the representative
of the whole people, in a legislative sense. If such
an assumption be tolerated, the whole theory of
popular representation becomes a mockery. Even,
with a wise and honest Chief Magistrate, it is im-
possible that the wants and sentiments of the peo- -
pie can be known, except through the local repre-
sentatives coming from the States and districts.
The great and wise men who formed our Constitu-
tion could not have contemplated it as possible .
that any .jgan, elevated to the Presidency by the
confidence of the people, would venture to wield
the veto power as an arbitrary prerogative to pro-
mote party schemes, and thwart the deliberate sen-
timent of the country in reference to great national
questions. But the'President evidently thought it
necessary to signalize his-administration by a veto
on some subject.
Mr. H. thought he had been unfortunate m the
selection of occasions and objects for the exercise
of this prerogative. A^hat were the instances
which, in his judgment, had made it proper for
him to oppose his will to the opinions of the legis-
lative department?
The first bill which he arrested was an act of jus-
tice to our own citizens—the appropriation for the
payment of the French claims. These claims had
been long before Congress. They had been fully
discussed, and fuftlly, after mature deliberation,
a majority in both Houses decided they should
be paid. It was purely a measure of justice to
American citizens who had been deprived of their
property by the spoliations of France, our Govern-
ment having subsequently assumed to indemnify ,
them by a treaty stipulation with the French Gov-
ernment. Reparation, which ought to have been
made more than forty years ago, had been resisted
| and deferred from year to year under various pre-
j texts. It was a case involving no constitutional
! principle, a question of good faith and expediency,
j belonging peculiarly to Congress. The lnterfer-
j ence of the Executive in such a case is an arbitrary
\l. abuse of power, alike odious and indefensible, Yet
i the President, upon a preconceived prejudiceagainst
the claims, and because he deemed it inconvenient
to pay them, while he was expending millions in
a war waged ostensibly to enforce more recent
claims against Mexico, determined to overrule
Congress and reject the bill.
There is another subject far more important m
its bearing upon the national prosperity, on which
the President deems it profier to interpose his
,, arbitrary will against the action of Congress.
;j He exerts the veto power to save the people (of
ll whom he is the representative) from their partiality
