84
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 2,
*30th Cong 2i> Sess.
Reduction .of the Rates-of Postage—Mr. Niles.
Senate.
•with the belief that it will require aid only tempo-
rarily; that its principle, when it can ha,ye full
action in this country, will prove as efficacious here
as it, has in England; and that these low rates will
produce a revenue adequate to sustain the estab-
lishment.
Mr. President, I am perfectly aware that so greata
change as this bill proposes, reducing the first rate
ot letters—that is, letters sent over routes wholly
within the United States—to three cents, would, a
few years ago, have been deemed a proposition sc-
extravagant that no Senator would have given it a
moment's consideration. I would not myself, per-
haps, have deemed it worthy of consideration ten
years ago, or even less. I was for a reform during
the short time I was in the department. I thought,
at that time, that the rates should be somewhat re-
duced, and recommended a reduction to fifteen, ten,
and five cents. In 1845 we made a greater change
than that. We introduced the present rates of five
and ten cents. This bill proposes a uniform rate
of three rents; and, as I have observed, it is the ex- |
perierue which has been had, and the light thiowfa !
upon this subject, which affords the only argu- !
mrnts and the only ground of support to the idea
that the department will be sustained, from its own
revenue under the operations of this bill. I know
that there are some who propose a lower rate. I
am not one of that class, though I know that the
people of thiscountry demand a low rate of postage.
I believe they will have it, even though the result
should he to throw a considerable charge upon the
treasury. But if that is not necessary, if the sys-
tem can be made tosustoin itself, I think that every
one will be in favor of it. I trust that every one
would be in favor of the system proposed by this
bill, if they could be convinced that, after a fair
trial, it can sustain itself. Whether it can or not
rests entirely upon the experience which has been
had of the efficacy of this pimciple m producing
revenue, and of course the same evidence with re-
gard to the benefits which aie otherwise conferred
s upon |]ie country; because the amount of revenue
proves the vast number of communications which
pass through the wails. The more extensive its
operation, the greater the benefits to the country.
The revenue, therefore, which has been derived
under the act of 1845 shows the benefits of the sys-
tem in increasing correspondence, as well as its
efficacy in respect to revenue.
Sir, we havethe example of England; we have
our own experience under the act of 1845, which
I believe every one wiff say has been more success-
ful thnn was expected at the time. I was one of
its advocates. My worthy friend from Rhode
Island, [Mr. Simmons,] no longer here,and myself
were thepnncipal advocates of the rates established
at that time. The chairman of the committee was
for ln'o-fier rates. I
I will now call the attention of the Senate for a !
moment to the results of this system in England. ,
This, of course, is a matter not m any way poiiti- \
eah and if we can get at the result m any other :
country upon a matter of this kind, the results ,
there are as safe to be followed as results here. I j
do not think that low rates of postage will produce i
results, essentially, more favorable in respect to I
revenue in England than in this country. They j
are, perhaps, more commercial and manufacturing j
than we are; but, on the other hand, they are not !
so generally educated as the people of the United |
States. They are-not a people'so migratory as the j
people of this country. They -have no western j
country, no general emigration JVom one section I
of tnc country to the other, to give rise to exten- i
sive correspondence. They ate stationary, full j
everywhere; and yet we see what have been the
astonishing results of this system there. 1 will !
call the attention of the Senate briefly to a statisti- !
cal statement of the results of the system in Eng-
land. 3 B
In the first place, i respect to revenue, the re-
ceipts of the English post office in the year 1840,
before they changed their law, were .£2,390,000,
ormjtin? fractions. The new law took effect in '
The reduction of the receipts in the first !
y,eal" was great. The revenue in the year 1841, '
™'/n?r,of t!le new system, amounted to only :
1,359,000, being a deficiency of something over I
fmrn , . 18 not">ecessary to give the increase
toi[sraora''Tt'n ,1847 the avenue amounted
l'Mfa3'000- Ti)e last year (184S) was the
eighth year of the new system, and the receipts
amounted to -£2,181,000, being a falling off from
duced the penny system for the beneficial effects it
would have in respect t(j. revenue, by drawing letters
the receipts of the last year of the old system of J; into the mails which had been carried by private
<€209,000*. We see, then, that in the eighth year, j
in England, where the postage was reduced from
an average rate of seven pence [fourteen cents] to
one penny, [two cents,] the postage came up to
the amount received under the old system, within
a little over two hundred thousand pounds sterling.
Now, Mr. President, this increase of postage
: was connected, of course, with a very great in-
! crease of circulation of matter passing through the
j mails. I have some statistics m regard to the
: progress of the increase of letters. I will first give
j the statistics of the London local post office. unP
der the old system, in 3840, the number of letters
which during four weeks passed through this office
expresses and otherwise, and by increasing corre-
spondence. I have alluded to the increase of
letters, and this increase, no doubt, ansgs from
two sources. There are two elements which give
efficacy to this system of low postage. One is its
tendency to withdraw from other channels of com-
munication the great amount of letters which are
not mailed—withdraw them from private expresses,
private conveyances, and every other channel; the
other source,is, that from the lowness of the tax,
{ it being no longer regarded, a greater number of
! letters are written. By these two elements we are
I to account for the very great increase in letters of
] some five or six hundred per cent, which has taken
i was two millions one hundred thousand; in 1348 u place in England; and this has been its result in
; the letters had increased to eight millions five hun- ji seven or eight years. Their postal revenue has
; dred and odd thousand for a like period of four I; reached-nearly the point where it was under the
! weeks. That includes the local letters, written I, old and onerous system. As the increase of letters
within and delivered within the cjty. Here are j and revenue is still going on, if it has not already.
| the statistics of the general post office in London,
i with regard to the distribution of letters coming
1 from every part of the kingdom, not written in the
; city, hut delivered there. In 1840, before the new
j law went into operation, the number of letters
j passing through that office in four weeks was one
j million three hundred thousand. In 1846 the
! number of letters was two millions seven hundred
; and seventy-six thousand; and in 184? it was two
| millions eight hundred and seventy-two thousand,
' making more than thirty thousand for the year.
| Then,-again, the increase of what they call money
; ordeis—which is a large business that we have'not
here—which are certain letters conveying money
not. exceeding five pounds sterling, was very great.
In 1840 the amount of these orders paid, under the
old system, was ninety-two thousand pounds ster-
ling. And under their present system, in 1848,
the amount paid was three millions five hundred
and forty-seven thousand pounds sterling.
In regard to their entire circulation in Great
Britain, I have the statistics, coming down to 1848,
showing the rapid and great increase.' In 1840,
under the old system, the whole number of tax-
able letteis circulated through the British post
office was seventy-six millions. In 1841, the first
year under the new system, the number increased
to one hundred and sixty-nine millions. In 1842,
one hundred and ninety-six and a half millions.
In 1843, two hundred and eight and a half mil-
lions. In 1S44, two hundred and twenty and a half
millions. In 1845, two hundred and forty-two
millions. In 1846, two hundred and seventy-one
millions. In 1847, two hundred and ninety-mne 
it will soon reach thai point. And as their rev-
enue was not increasing under the system of high
rates, it follows that they have already, or soon-
will, realizje as much revenue as they did under the
old system. It is true that the expenses of the
mail service are somewhat increased. But still
they have a large surplus over the expenditures
i for the inland mail service of some nine hundred
[ thousand pounds sterling; the expenses of the
i packet and foreign mail service bring a charge
i upon the treasury. With little or no loss of rev-
! enue, how great have been the benefits which have
J flowed from this great measure of reform? Well
! may Mr. Hume speak of it enthusiastically, and
j imploringly beseech us to avail ourselves of this
| great blessing.
I I now propose to call the attention of the Senate
j to the result of our own act of 1845. At the time
I that the act was passed, the average rate of post-
j age was something like fourteen oents. That law-
established two rates—five and tea cents. Numeri-
cally, the average would be seven and a half cent3>
but the department estimate the average m refer-
ence to tlie amount of revenue which accrues from
the different rates. They, therefore, call the aver-
age six and a third cents; and consequently, taking
1 that as the average, we reduced from thirteen and
j a half to six and a third, or something more thar*
i one-half. It is estimated by the Assistant Post-
| master General, Major Hobbie, whose comrmmi-
: cation,! presume, most if not all the Senatois have
I read, that the reduction in the rates of postage,
: under the act of 1845, was fifty-sfe and a third per
' cent. What was the effect of that reduction?
and a half millions. In 1848, three hundred and i] What was the result upon the revenue of that re-
forty-six millions. I have a letter from Mr. Hume, l ! duction of something more than fifty-six per cent,
the distinguished English reformer, who has taken |j in the rates of postage? Why, sir, the postage
great interest in the postage reform, as well as
all other governmental reforms, which was written
to a gentleman in Boston. In thi£ letter, Mr. Hume
upon letters, in 1845, was three millions six hun-
dred and sixty thousand dollars at the old rates.
In 1846, the first year under the act of 1845, the
says, that in the judgment of the officers of the i; postage upon letters was two millions eight hun-
department in Lngland, the revenue of last year !j dred and eighty-eight thousand dollarsy^(]eaving
(1848) would have reached the point where it |J out hundreds,) making a deficiency in the first
stood under the old system; but it seems the result ! " ~ * ...
has not proved quite so favorable. Mr. Hume •
says: " I am informed by the General Post Office j
that thegross revenue of thisyear(l848) will equal, j
it is expected, the gross amount of postage the j
year before the rates weie reduced,M
It is to be remarked here, perhaps, Mr. Presi-
dent, that this change in England was made, as all
important changes are made in the laws of that
year of seven hundred and seventy-eight thousand
' dollars. The deficiency, however, m respect to
i expenditure was not so great. The actual reduc-
j tion in reference to the expenditures of that year
! was five hundred and ninety-seven thousand dol-
■ lars. The committee who reported that bill had
j provided foi*the deficiency the same-sum that wa
j have in the present bill, seven hundr^i and fifty
thousand dollars, which was something more than
• , . I! mute uiau
countiy, in pursuance of a very thorough invest!- ;[ was required to meet the deficiency which occurred.
gation. They found that there was a difficulty
in the system of postage revenue; that the people
were burdened with heavy taxes; Snd that while
the population was increasing, the revenue of that
branch of the Government was not increasing. In
three years preceding the change, the increase was
The next year, 1847, the revenue from letters,
including the appropriation made for Government
letters, (two hundred thousand dollars,) was three
millions two hundred and fifty-four thousand dol-
lars, being an increase upon the preceding year of
three hundred and seventy-two thousand dollars.
ut about fifty thousand pounds. This led to an The letter postage for the year 1848 was three rml-
mvestigation by a commission which, I believe, !; lions five hundred and fifty thousand dollars, being
continued some two months. Altera thorough in- jj an increase upon the preceding year of two hun-
lg.Kt!?n',1JZ !C°!ereClthe d,fficu!ty- One evil i; dred and ninety-five thousand dollars, and less than
was, that a large portion of commercial and other j
letters were conveyed out of the mails; and it was
found impossible to remedy this evil by any penal :
enactments, or any vigilance in the service. Avery I
low rate was believed the only means of removing '
this evil, whilst it would be the means of greatly in- j
creasing the number of letters written. Theyintro- I
the revenue of 1845 only one hundred and nine
thousand dollars.' So it seems, sir, that under this
system of reduction of more than fifty-six per cent,
upon the rates of postage, we have in the third
year of its operation realized from this branch of
the revenue the sum realized under the old system,
with the deficiency of only one hundred and nine
