1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
85
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Reduction of the Rates of Postage—Mr. Niles.
Senate.
thousand dollars. That has been the result of an i newspapers, &c., seven hundred and thirty thou-
experimcnt of three years. The result of the first jj sand dollars, and appropriation of the bill seven
year, of course, was a diminution of the revenue ; hundred and fifty thousand dollars, making four
millions three hundred and nineteen thousand dol
lars. To this I add the surplus in the depart-
ment on the 1st day of July next, four hundred
and twenty-eight thousand dollars—making the
whole means of the department for the next fiscal
year four millions seven hundred and seveiTty-eight
thousand dollars, which will be something more
than is required. That is adding the appropriation
made in this bill; but I have more sanguine ex-
year,
as it was under the old law. The second year was .
the first resuli that can be compared of the opera-
tion of the present law to prove the efficacy of the
principle of increase. The second year produced
an increase upon the preceding year of nearly four
hundred thousand dollars. The third year pro-
duced an increase over the second year of nearly
three hundred thousand dollars.
Now, sir, Major Hobbi-e, in the report which _
Senators have doubtless looked into if they have ; \ pectations of this bill than that. I believe that rule j
not carefully.examined it, in reviewing this matter, !j is not altogether an accurate one, because it is assu-
comes to a cogclusion in which I do not fully con- :| tiling a principle not altogether true—that a higher
cur. He seems to think that the efficacy of the |j rate of- postage will produce more revenue than a
principle of increase by the reduction of the rate '[ lower rate. Whether the reduction of the revenue
by the act of 1845 has exhausted itself, inasmuch under this bill will 'correspond precisely with the
as the increase of letter postage during the last ,j reduction upon the rates of postage, as compared
year was not much more than what is regarded as ; | with the results underlie actj of 1845, I think is
the ordinary increase from the growth orthecoun- very doubtful. I am inclined to believe that the
try The increase in 1847 over 1846 was nearly !j principles of this bill will be more favorable to the
eleyen per cent. In 1848 the increase on the whole ! revenue; that from this very low rate the increase
revenues was nearly seven and a half per cent.
The ordinary increase from the progress of the
country is estimated at five per cent. As last year
exhibited little more than the ordinary increase,
Major Hobbie concludes that the'reduced rates by
the act of 1845 had exhausted their influence. But
of letters will be much greater than it was under
the reduction made by the act of 1845. Under the
present law that reduction was not such as to affect
a large class of letters passing through the mails.
All letters within thirty miles had no effective re-
duction. They wfere only six and a quarter cents
he does not seem to consider that other causes j before, and consequently that law hadjio opera-
may, and undoubtedly did, influence the results;    
of the two years. The ordinary increase of five ;
per cent, is not an increase from year to year. It j
is only by taking a series of years that we arrive i
at that result. Some years there is no increase :
on the preceding, and even a, decline. This de-
tion or effect whatever to increase communication
within these limits, either by drawing letters into
the mails or increasing the number of letters, be-
cause the reduction was so small as not to affect
perceptibly that class of letters. I am inclined,
therefore, to think that this low reduction will be
VJJ! lilO \Jl J IA.IIVA —   ; ' . . - . /.
oends on commercial activity and the general pros- j more efficacious in reference to the rate or le-
~ „ . mi _ ioih - „    11 ! ,3,v\ rvtrr.y tho ^viatlno- la \iu fhnn fn#  rpfi riP.f ion
perity of the country. The year 1847, as we all
know, was one of extraordinary trade and unusual
prosperity, and the increase must be partly attrib- 1
uted to that cause. The past year was one of less .
activity in trade, and less general prosperity, al- |
though perhaps an average one. But, had the <
revenue been less in 1847, as under other circum- ,
stances it-would have been, the same revenue in j
1846 would have exhibited a greater rate of in- j
crease. 1 do not think the rates by the act of 1845 J
have yet ceased to operate in increasing the num- 1
ber of letters and the amount of revenue._ Bat it j
requires a very low rate to have the principle con- j
tinue its efficiency for a long series of years. In ,
England, the increase still goes on after the lapse
of eight years; and I believe that this principle
will operate here, as it has in England, for aperies of
years, and that it will not exhaust itself. I believe
that we shall find, under the present law, an in-*!
-crease going on beyond what it has been hereto- i
fore under the old system. I
The Assistant Postmaster General has made an
estimate based upon the proportion between the
reduction of the rate of postage and the reduction
of revenue under the act of 1845, which he has
applied to the rates contained in this bill. He has
assumed that a certain per cent, of reduction upon j
the rate of postage lias, under the act of 3845, pro- ,
duced a certain reduction of revenue. That is to '
say, fifty-six and a thiid percent, reduction m tne
rate of postage occasioned a reduction of twenty- j
one per cent, in the revenue received, and he would ,
apply that principle to the present rate of three
cents. It is a simple proposition in arithmetic, ;
that if a reduction offifty-six per cent, in the rates j
of postage produces a reduction of revenue of
twenty-seven per cent., what reduction of revenue
would fifty-two per cent, reduction of the rate of
postage (which is the reduction of this bill) occa-
sion.5 This is the basis upon which Major Hob-
bie has made his calculation, and upon that basis
duction over the existing law than the reduction
under the act of 1845. I have made an estimate
the appropriation provided in the bill woyld be
required.— For the expenses of the mail revenue
proper, not including the steam lines, not more
than four or five hundred thousand dollars will be
required. The estimated increase of letters of
sixty per cent, is less than the increase under the
reduction in 1845.
Mr. President, perhaps if we have confidence
that this principle of low postage will, when it can
have time, produce the results that have been ob-
served to follow from it elsewhere, and here so far
as we have tried it, the only question would be
whether we will make a temporary charge upon,
the treasury, as we propose in the bill, for some
three or four years, in order to secure to the coun-
try the great benefits of this system. That, 1 ap-
prehend, is the great question for us to decide. I
think it is not very material for those who have
felt that this principle will'produce a'resylt when
it can have time to exert itself, tiiat will substan-
tially sustain the department and give to the
whole ^country the immense advantages of this
system of postage. Whether during these four
years the demand upon the treasury shall be a few
hundred thousand dollars, more or less, is not in
my judgment of much importance. The great
question to be considered is what I have stated.
Have we faith in the system, in its ultimate suc-
cess? For one, I have no reasonable doubt of it?
These results may not be realized fully within the
period named; but they will follow in time, and
the system will vindicate itself as a financial metis- -
tire. As to this temporary charge upon the treas-
ury, why, sir, we have got to meet it at some time.
It is impossible for us to make-this change with- _
out a charge upon the treasury. It cannot be '
made in any other way. It was so in England.
They had derived a great revenue from this source.
They gave up that revenue even when they were
based upon another principle, that of the increase ;j obliged to cxhausk the last source of taxation, when
~ ■ - ' ' - 1—  -:i —1 they had to resort to an income tax even in time
of peace. They gave up this source of revenue—
amounting to about five millions of dollars the first
year—in order to secure to the people the great
benefits of this system; and they are giving up
something to this day, 1 suppose. But the system
has now reached, in that country, a point at which
it will sustain itself. They will no longer have to
make any sacrifice, and they have secured to their
people the lasting and continually increasing ben-
efits of this system.
Now, are we willing to make these temporary
sacrifices for the benefit of our people, and secure
to them the same advantages enjoyed by those of
. Great Britain and France?—for they, I believe,
I have introduced a very low rate of postage into,.
I their country. AH the countries of Europe have
' made reductions in their rates of postage._ f
I know there are some who believe that it would
be safer to bring about this result gradually—some
who would prefer a five-cenfrate; but it seems to
mc that it is the wiser and better policyjo come
down at once to the ridiotnnm rate. _We must
coine there. It is a mere question of time. The
people of this country demand it; and they will
not be taxed at a higher rate in this particular than
the people of other countries, whom \vc are in the
habit of regarding as being burdened and oppressed
with onerous taxation. It is very bad to be chan-
ging our laws from year to year, coming down
step by step, continually changing anil unsettling
our policy. If we have faith m this principle, why*
not come down to the minimum rate at once? I
of letters, which it strikes me is quite as just and
safe as that founded upon the basis upon which the
Assistant Postmaster General has made his calcu-
lation. I have taken the increase of letters under
the act of 1845 as the basis of my calculation.
The number of taxable letters, previous to the
act of 1845, was about twenty-five millions—an
amazingly small number for the population of the
country. It is an evidence that there was some-
thing wrong in our system; that although we had
a population of eighteen or nineteen millions at
that time, we did not circulate more than about
twenty-five millions of letters. 1 believe there were
twenty-four millions of letters in 1843; hence I
assumed there may have been about twenty-five
million's of letters in 1845, as the revenues were
scarcely increasing at that period. The number
of taxable letters in 1846 has not been ascertained,
but in 1847 they amounted to over fifty-two mil-
lions, and in 1848 to more than fifty-eight millions.
This is an inciease for the first two years of one
hundred and twenty per cent., and for the three
years of nearly one hundred and fifty per cent.
The first year must have given a greater inciease
than the second, and therefore exceeded sixty jler
cent. I estimate the first year's increase of letters
under this bill at seventy-five per cent., assuming
that the franking privilege- is abolished. This
would give one hundred and one millions six hun-
dred thousand taxable letters, which, at three cents
each, is  
For double ami excess on unpaid letters, et.tima-
" ~ cent    2--ib;ulw
Surplus on liand July 1, J84-1  42f,000
Total 4 6tf4,000
Making the whole means of the department for the
...   , . , yearfourmilhonssix hundred and eighty-four thou-
he savs that the proposed rate would occasion a gand dollars, equal to its entire wants without in-
redliction of nineteen and four-fifths per cent, from ! c|u(jjng the appropriation in this bill.
the levenue by the present law. He calculates that 1 j maiie another estimate, on the assumption that
a uniform rate of three cents is a reduction of fifty- ; t)le franking privilege should not be abolished,
ted at seven and a half per   .
X ij h'ave'to'come there at last. The
•'    /i.-isinnn I, pe0p)e wl]] never rest satisfied until they are al-
I lowed the full benefits of this system. The public
two and two-thirds percent, upon the present rates
and it'fifty-six and a third percent, reduction m
rate occasioned a reduction in revenue of twenty-
one per cent., a reduction in postage rates of fifty-
two and two-thirds per cent, would occasion a re-
duction in revenue of nineteen and four-fifths per
cent. That would be a falling off of seven hun-
dred and ten thousand dollars, making the revenue
under this bill from letters two millions eight hun-
dred and twenty-nine thousand dollars. Add for
mind is very much aroused in relation to this mat-
, ter. Numerous petitions'have been presented here,
i and State Legislatures have taken it up. It may
I not be the same m all parts of the country; but m
the New England States and in the middle Spates
' they expect this, and they expect it bow._ They
' think they are entitled to it. After enjoying our
i present system for three vears, and perceiving the
1 great benefits which have resulted from this par-
■ tial experiment, they are satisfied that the system
proposed by this bill is practicable. The partial
experiment of 1845, every -one must be satisfied,
has been attended with complete success. Its suc-
 cesg has exceeded the expectations of its most
Tnt-,1 means of the vear   i,354,00i) ij sanguine friends. At the time that reduction was
Accot-dl;;To this estimate,' a small part only of j| made, it was said by those who opposed the By8-
| assuming an increase of sixty per cent, on let-
i ters. This makes the taxable letters ninety-two
i millions nine hundred thousand, which, at
I cenlst j*  
i For double letters, &e., seven and a hnlf per cent. 209,000
For Government postage  7"0>0
; Newf-papeiv, &e    ^a'nnn
.Surplus on hand July 1,    4~e 0
