m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 5,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Treaty of Peace with Mexico—'Mr. G. S. Houston.
Ho. of Reps.
tem that it would be a charge upon the Govern-
ment for years; but the redaction has been made,
and the receipts of the department, under that
system, have already reached an amount nearly
equal to that received during the last year of the
old system.
Now, we are in a position to go on and make
this further reduction-,and shall we not try this sys-
tem to its full extent, that we may have the full bene-
fits of it, and submit to a few temporary charges j'
upon the treasury for the sake of securing to the t|
people of this country the inestimable advantages i
which will arfse from carrying it oat to its full u
extent? - p ^
. 1 know there are some individuals and enthusias- jj
tic associations at the North who wai^t the rate ■!
reduced to two cents. I think we cannot go lower
than three cents, and calculate upon the department
sustaining itself.
ft has been suggested in certain quarters that
perhaps it would be well to wait until we shall be
out of debt before making this further reduction in
our rates of postage, and throw additional burdens
upon the treasury, as we inevitably must for a i
limited period, if we make this reduction. Sir, we
cannot wait, th^ people will not wait for this bene-
fit until we get out of debt. I fear that we, shall
not pay off this debt very soon. We havealaige
debt greatly increased by the events,of the last few
years. In my judgment this debt will not be paid j
off in less than one generation, and the country l
will not wait for that length of time for the benefits i
which it is confidently believed will result from :
this measure. The people demand this reduction j
' now, and they will not be put off for nearly half a
century upon any such plea as that. Besides, sir,
this charge upon the treasury will be very incon-
siderable. i am willing to risk this bill with the
appropriation of thiee quarters of a million which
it provides for. I think the department will be
safe with an appropriation of that kind. Con-
sidering the very great number of appropriations j
of all kinds which we make at every session of j
Congress for objects of comparatively little general i
importance to the country, I think this charge ;
upon the treasury ought not to be regarded as an i
objection to the bill, especially when we take into \
consideration the immense benefits that will result j
from the adoption of this great measure of reform, j
Mr. President, it is not necessary for me to en- j
large on the advantages of this measure. You see j
these advantages in the statistics which I have j
presented to the Senate. You see them in the in- !
crease of letters, in the increase of business, in the !j
increase of accommodations to the people, in the j!
increase and multiplication of all the facilities of ;!
communication, whether of a business or of a j
social character, which are connected with the in- !
crease of letters, under the experiment which we 1
have made—an increase of nearly 15(1 per cent. I:
Look at the results of the last year. What ore ]j
they? Why, in point of revenue, we have come ii
up nearly to where we were under the old sys- i
tem—only some hundred thousand dollars short. I
And what have been the additional benefits to the [I
country? What have been the additional facilities |j
and advantages enjoyed by the people? Why, sir, !i
we can only judge of them from the number of
communications. We have fifty-eight millions
last year against twenty-five millions in 1845. Sir, \\
* these advantages must be great. All of these let-
ters are of importance to somebody. They relate to
matters of business, or are social communications. !
They carry with them benefits to the whole people; ||
and if we have secured these benefits, we have ;i
something more than duplicated the advantages en- !'
joyed under our former system by what we have |
done, to lighten the tax, and enlarge the facilities of ,
mail accommodations, for the benefit of all our citi- '
zens, in the transaction of business and the inter- i1
change of social and friendly greetings transmitted
by the mails to distant friends. If these things are i
to be valued—and I think they should be highly
valued—doubling the amount of this great good is
no small matter. And we havedonemore than that,
and without impairing materially our revenue.
Are we not, then, encouraged to go on and in- 1
crease still further these benefits, by duplicating '<
the number of mad communications agcini ? And >
we can do more than that.
■ Sir, we are a people full of enterprise and activ- jj
ity, a migratory people, moving and passing from b
the east to the west, and that in masses. Then
there is a large population from foieign countries
who have become our citizens, whose interests we
ought to regard. Our social relations are divided,
as a matter of course, by seas^ mountains, and
rivers, occupying, as we do, a country of vast ex-
tent, which is not the case with other less favored
countries. And, therefore, to establish and increase
communications between our people is a matter of
the highest importance, and entitled to the first
consideration, whether viewed in a commercial, a
social, or a political aspect. We want to make our
citizens all interested members of the same great
family, to sustain and strengthen as much as pos-
sible the social and friendly intercourse between
individuals residing m different and distant parts of
the Union. Is it not a wise policy, then, to en-
courage those social and friendly feelings, by giving
every possible and reasonable facility towards the
accomplishment of that object5 This system of
cheap postage, properly so called, in connection
with our railroad system, will tend in this way to
strengthen the bonds of the Union. Its influence
wiir be felt everywhere, not only in the transac-
tions of commerce ana the business of trade, not
only in the social and friendly relations of our peo-
ple, buttin the higher and stronger ties of political
sympathy, mutual confidence, and general harmo-
ny of action. There is no people who are more ;
interested -in a most liberal and favorable system to \
facilitate intercourse among them and ours; occu- j
pymg a country of vast extent, active and enter-j
prising, in the habit of emigration, and invited to >
it by inducements possessed by no other people, j
with political interests enjoyed nowhere else, their j
occasion for liberal, free, mail accommodations are j
greater, perhaps, than those of any other people;
and the possession of them would, m a correspond-
ing degree, be a greater blessing, and one that can-
not be sufficiently appreciated.
TREATY OF PEACE WITH MEXICO.
SPEECH OF MR. G. S. HOUSTON,
OF ALABAMA,
In the House of Representatives,
February 5, 18-19.
In reply to Mr. Stephens, of Georgia, on his res-
olution calling upon tfie President of the United
States for information relative to the Mexican
Treaty, und the action of Commissioners Sevier
and Chffoid unon the same.
Mr. HOUSTON said:
Mr. Speaker: i did not expect a discussion on
this subject this morning. I did not anticipate a
debate at this stage of the proceeding. It is very'
unusual to debate a proposition calling for inform- j
ation, until the information is obtained; and I j
think by the time the gentleman from Georgia i
[Mr. Stephens] shall have examined with proper i
care the papers which his resolution shall bring
forth, if he will extend it as 1 desire him to do, he \
will be satisfied that his speech this morning was j
not only premature, but that it has done gross in-!
justice to the Piesident of the United States. !
It is a little singular that the gentleman from
Georgia should not have thought proper, in his
examination of documents, to recur to the mes-
sage of the President of the United States commu-
nicating the treaty to Congress, and to the docu-
ments that accompanied that message, when the
treaty was returned after its ratification by the
Government of Mexico. If he had referred to
that message, and the documents which accom-
panied it, he would have found that the letter of'
Mr. Buchanan, our Secretary of State, to the Mill- 1
ister of Foreign Affairs of Mexico, was published,
and contained piecisely what the Government of!
the United States based its action upon, and con-,
stituted a guide for the commissioners, by which ::
to control their action in this matter. And if it be i'
be true that the wording of the protocol does not
precisely conform to the letter of Mr. Buchanan, j;
or to the instructions of this Government to the j'
commissioners—which instructions I hope will be
called for by this House—I am sure that cannot be
charged as a fault upon the Administration.
But by a proper examination of this protocol,
and comparing its provisions with the treaty itself,
as proclaimed to the country, and also with the
letter of Mr. Buchanan, our Secretary of State, to
the Mexican Minister of Foreign Affairs, and with
the instructions-—which of course we arc bound ■
to presume must have accompanied the treaty—
gentlemen will find that there is no material differ-
ence in any essential particular.
Mr. STEPHENS (the floor being yielded for
explanation) said he would state to the gentleman
from Alabama that he had read the letter of Mr.
Buchanan to the Minister of Foreign Affairs of
Mexico.
As to what the instructions to these commis-
sioners were, he did not know. This House had
called for them last year; the President had re-
fused to give them. He wished to fay, then, in
reply to the gentleman, that so far as Mr. Buchan-
an's letter to the Mexican Minister of Foreign Af-
fairs was concerned, that Mr. Buchanan assumed
and made an argument to convince the Mexican
Government that the amendment was a matter of
form and not of substance. He (Mr. S.) granted
that was legitimate if he could convince them of it.
But it was one thing to make an argument to con-
vince the Government of Mexico of a thing, and
quite another thing to pledge the honor of our
Government that it was so. The Mexican Gov-
ernment, it seemed, was not convinced by the ar-
gument of Mr. Buchanan. They said, If it be so,
sign this protocol. He had no doubt but the Pres-
' dent gvave the commissioners instructions to sign
it, if it was necessary. That was the power which
hn denied that the President possessed. The
Mexican Government would not receive the argu-
ment of Mr. Buchanan, and required the ministers
of this country to pledge the faith of the country that
it was a matter of form, not of substance, and that
the Senate intended it as such, and nothing else. -
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman says he has
* examined the letter of the Secietaryof State. I
must express my regret, then, that he has not read
it free from bias or prejudice; that he has not so
read it as to see—that which must be apparent to
the members of this House—its entire and perfect
conformity to, and consistency with, the treaty as
amended by the Senate of the United States.
I was remarking, when interrupted by the gen-
tleman, that by comparing the treaty as originally
"presented to the Senate of the United States, and
also the treaty as amended by that body, with the
provisions of this protocol, there was in no impoit-
ant or essential particular one iota of difference.
| Let me make that comparison, by taking up the
objections as they have been presented. Let me
read from the protocol:
" 1st. The Ame icanGoverninent,by snpprpssingthpninth
article of the treaty of Guadalupe, and sub^imting the third
•article of the treaiy of Louisiana, did not intend to diminish
in any way what \\,as agreed upon by the aforesaid article
ninth in lavor of the inhabitants! of the territories ceded by
Mexico. Its undei^fandiiiu is, that all of that agreement is
contained in the third aitule ol tiie treaty of Louiruria. lu
ror^pqueiiee, all the pimJegf"! and guarantees, civil, politi-
cal, and returns, which would have been possessed by the
inhabitants of the ceded terntories, it the ninth article of
tUe tieaty had been retained, will be enjoyed by ihem, with-
. out any difference, under the article which has been &ub ti-
ta ed."
The first article of the protocol is in regard to
the property of the church. Mow, I presume we
will agree to the statement in Mr. Buchanan's
letter, that the property of the churches of the
i country, of every denomination, whether Catholic
! or Protestant, should be and is hi Id as sacred
as that of individuals; that the inhabitants shall
be protected in their liberty, their property, and
their religious worship; that is all the protocol
states; and it is folly, it is nonsense—if I may
be allowed to use so strong an expression, which
I do without intending any disrespect—to at-
tempt to make the country believe, that by a
treaty between the United States and Mexico,.
1 the United States have attempted to abrogate
or annul any of the rights of property of the
churches, or of any individual of that country.
That provision of the treaty was amended, as Mr.
Buchanan states in his letter to the Mexican Min-
ister, with a view to avoid the prolixity of the
original article of the treaty, and also with a view
to brmg it under the plain precedents of the treaties
by which we acquired Louisiana and Florida; yet
the President and his Secretary of State must be-
lieve—and I think all candid minds will concur—
that there is a substantial conformity throughout
this entire article of the treaty with the protocol. *
Mr. CR1SFIELD (the floor having been yielded
for explanation) said the gentleman from Alabairfa
