1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Slavery in the Territories—Mr. Starkweather.
Ho. of Reps.
tion over territories belonging; to the United States,
and consequently to exclude slavery therefrom:
Second, that slavery is a great political, social, and
moral evil, in direct conflict with the fundamental
principles of this Government, opposed to its
growth, prosperity, and future welfare; and that
therefore it follows, as a necessary and irresist-
ible conclusion from the two first propositions,
that Congress should adopt all constitutional meas-
ures to prevent its furtherextension. I am aware,
Mr. Chairman, that my first proposition is denied
by some gentlemen of high consideration and tal-
ents. The honorable gentleman from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Rhett,] in a labored, talented, and I
must be permitted to add, very ingenious speech,
delivered at the second session of the twenty-ninth
Congress, assumed the position, and claims to have
maintained it, that Congress has not the power to
exclude the people of the southern States from en-
tering and colonizing with their slaves the territo-
ries of the United States, and that the sovereignty
of the several States existed in all its plenitude
over territories belonging to the United States, as
much as within the States themselves. Having
demonstrated this proposition satisfactorily, at least
to himself, in a speech made at the first session of
the present Congress, he said:
" At the last session of Cong* ess, i endeavored to show
that Congress had no power under the Constitution to ex-
clude tu  [meaning the South and their slaves] from these
territories. 1 propose now to consider, first, Can the terri-
tories by their legislation exclude us? and, secondly, are
we'excluded by laws of Mexico—or, m other words, are the
inhabitant-' of our territories, or Mexicans, sovereign in our
territories?"
These last two propositions the honorable gen-
tleman from South Carolina claims to have main-
tained and established. Well, sir, if Congress has
not the constitutional right to exclude the South
from occupying with their slaves these territories
belonging to the United States, and if they cannot
be excluded by territorial legislation, and if they are
not excluded by the laws of Mexico, I should like
to know where t bis sovereign right to exclude or?
admit docs reside. The answer given by the gen-
tleman from South Carolina is, u in the several
States in all its plenitude."
Mr." Chairman, the South, by this mode of rea-
soning, literally break into the territories with their
slaves; and having thus broken in, then constitute
an integral part of the inhabitants of the territory.
But what is their condition ? They have no power,
according to the reasoning of the gentleman, to
legislate for themselves upon this question, or any
other, until a government is provided for them.
Congress cannot legislate for them—the States
cannot legislate for them, for the reason that the
sovereignty is in all the States coequally as tenants
in common. What is to he done in such a dilemma
as tins ? Unless there is some constitutional pro-
vision, some power somewhere, I see not but Cal-
iforniaandNewMexico may send uptheirpetitions
to Congress—as New Mexico has done—and pray
for territorial governments to be provided for them,
to protect them against the evils of slaveiy, in vain.
Congress will be compelled to send back tne chilling
response, We have no constitutional power—it is
not nominated in the bond. If the territories press
the right to legislate for themselves, the answer is,
You have no constitutional right. If they press
still further, and ask the States, where the sover-
eignty exists in all its plenitude, according to the
gentleman's doctrine, to make some provision for
them, the answer is, that this plenitude of sover-
eignty in the States is so nicely divided and bal-
anced, that by a well-settled mathematical piinciple
that two bodies meeting each other with equal mo-
mentum are put at rest, this sovereignty is un-
available. Are the territories, then, without hope
and without remedy?
Mr. Chairman, I trust I shall be able to show,
in the course of my remains, that there is a con-
stitutional remedy; and, in fact, I might venture to
let the gentleman himself answer. He says :
" It rilie Constitution! declares that the territories belong
to the United States. They aie tenants m common, or joint
props ictois and co suveieijrns over them. As co-sovereigns
they have agreed 3 in their common compact, the Constitution,
that their agent, the Geneial Government, mav dispose of
and make all the needlul lutes and lobulations with respect
to them ; hut beyond thiJ, they ate not limitfd or hmitablc
in tlioir right> : yet there can he no conflict, lor none of the
States can make any u luh sand regulations" separate within
the tetruoiies. The rules and regulations prevailing will he
made by ail and obligatory on all, thiough their common
agency, the Government of tlie United States, The only
effect, and probably the only objcct of their reserved sover-
eignty, is, that it secures to each State the right to enter the
territories with her citizens, and settle and occupy them with
their pioperty, with whatever is recognized as property by
each State."
It is true he also says:
"To dispose of or sell the public lands is the primary ob-
ject, But can this be done without a government and laws
which will assure the title to the settler, and protect the pur-
chaser in the quiet and peaceable possession of the property
we sell to him ? Who will purchase laud or emigrate to a
territory when there is no safety for person or property ? To
fulfill, therefore, the commission given to Congress to sell
the public lands in a territory, it may fairly be inferred, as
an incident, under the words " to make all needful rules and
regulations," that "Congress may authorize and set up a
restricted government in the territories,"
But, sir, this is begging the question. Where is
the boundary line which marks the limitation of
this power? Where does the power of Congress
stop, and that of the territory commence? Most
certainly Congress has not only the power to reg-
ulate the form ofgoverrfment of the territories, but
also to reserve to themselves the right to approve
or disapprove of any laws or regulations which
may be passed by the legislative powerwhich they
have created. The teiritorial legislature has no
power except such as is derived from Congress,
and, therefore, all the laws must he considered as
emanating from the United States, through their
agent, the Congress of the United States
I submit, therefore, Mr. Chairman, whether we
are not, in fact, back in the argument to the very
point of departure; that is, to the question of rules
and regulations.
The honorable gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Bayly] occupies the samje position in reference
to the power of Congress to legislate for the terri-
tories. He says, " I wholly Deny the power of
Congress to legislate for the territories in respect
to their domestic atfairs." He also denied the
validity of the ordinance of 1787, and entered upon
a long tram of reasoning to show, that if the ordi-
nance is considered a legislative act, then it is null
and void, because the Congress of 1787 had no
authority to pass it as such; and if it is considered
a compact, then it is void for want of contracting
parties. Having made these preliminary lemarks,
I propose to examine this^ question of constitu-
tional power, as embraced within my first proposi-
tion.
By the third section of the fourth article of the
Constitution of the United States, " Congress shall ;
1 have power to dispose of, and make all needful i
' rules and regulations respecting, the territory or !
i other property belonging to the United States." '
Now, it is maintained by gentlemen who deny the
power of Congress to legislate for territories, that
inasmuch as this grant of power, to make rules
and regulations respecting the territory, is connect-
ed with the words " or other property belonging to
the United States," that therefore it follows con-
clusively, that the power to make such rules and
regulations is confined to the territory as property,
and does not and cannot by any fair construction
extend to anything else. But I submit, Mr. Chair-
man, whether this is the fair construction of that
portion of the Constitution to which I have referred.
" The Congress shall have power to dispose of "—
dispose of what* The public lands in the terri-
tory. This is a perfect, independent grant. What
else, sir? Jlnd, not or—" and to make all needful
rules and regulations respecting it." Tt may be
well to inquire here what is the meaning of the
word rule. The first book .put into my hands to
read, as a student at law, was Blackstone's Com-
mentaries. That learned commentator defines law
to be a rule of action prescribed by the supreme
authority, commanding what is right and prohibit-
ing what is wrong. If this definition be coriect,
the terms rule and law are synonymous, and they
command and prohibit. It is very obvious, there-
fore, that the grant of power to make rules and
reguktions.was not designed by the framers of the
Constitution, and cannot by possibility be restricted
to, or controlled by, the words li or other property;"
but, on th%, contrary, must have been used in a
broader sense, as applicable to the acts and rights of
citizens within such territory. It would be absurd
for Congress to make a iu!e or law for the govern-
ment of inert matter—land, territory—commanding |
it to do, or prohibiting it from doing, certain acts. ;
And yet the position occupied by gentlemen who j
advocate the restrictive sense of this clause in the j
Constitution, involves them in this very absurdity. |
That I am borne out in the construction which I
have given to-this section- of the Constitution, ap-
pears to me to be obvious, from the fact also, as
well as from other considerations, which I shall'
proceed by-and-by to'notice, that the words rules
and regulations are frequently used elsewhere in the
Constitution as synonymous with the word laws.
Thus, in the first article, section 8: " Congress
1 shall have power to regulate commerce with for-
* eign nations; to establish a uniform*rule of natu-
4 ralization; to coin money and regulate the value
i thereof; to make rules for tire government and
* regulation of the land and naval forces." And by
article4th, section 2d: "No person held to service
' or labor in one State, under the laws thereof,
' escaping into another, shall, in consequence of
' any law or regulation therein, be discharged from
'such service or labor, "<fec.
Again, sir, Virginia, in 1784, ceded to the United
States her right and title to the Northwest Terri-
tory, on condition " that the States therein to be
'formed should be admitted.members of the Fed-
* eral Union, having the same rights of sovereignty,
* freedom", and independence, as the other States."
The ordinance of 1787, which is similar to the or-
dinance introduced by Mr. Jefferson in 1784, and
which I am informed is in his handwriting, was
passed in July, it received the unanimous vote
of all the States. It is as follows:
"And for extending the fundamental principles of civil
and religious hbeity, which form the basis whereon ttaHfi^
republics, their laws, and constitutions are erected; to^ft
j and establish those principles a? the basis of ail laws, con-
j stitutions, and governments, which forever hereafter shall
be formed in the said territory; to provide, alfco, for the es-
: tablhhment of States, and, permanent eovf rnmerit therein,
j and for their admission to a share in the Federal councils,
| on an equal footing with the original States, at as early a period
j as may bo consistent with the general interest:
j " Tt is hereby ordained and declared, by the authority afore~
! said, That the following articles shall be considered'as arti-
I cles of compact between the orginal States and the people
j in the said terutory, and forever remain unalterable, unless
i by common consent."
Then follow the articles; the sixth article being
' as follows:
I "There shall be neither slavery nor involuntary servitude
; in the said territory, otherwise than in the pnnishment of
I crimes whereof the party shall have been dulv convicted;
I Provided, always, That any person escaping into the same,
{ from whom labor oi service i< lawfully claimed in any one
I of ihe original States, such fugitive may be lawful y re-
■ claimed, and conveyed to the peison claiming his or her
labor or service, as aforesaid."
The States to be formed out of this territory,
ceded by Virginia, were to have the same rights
of sovereignty, freedom, and independence, as the
other States. Virginia was represented in the
Congress that passed this ordinance. Shall she
now be permitted to say, that the sixth article of
this ordinance deprived the States thus to be formed
of any rights of sovereignty, freedom, or inde-
pendence? The Convention which framed the
Constitution was in session at the time of the
passage of the above ordinance. The Constitu-
tion was not adopted, however, by the Conven-
tion, until September following. The Convention,
with a full knowledge, as is reasonable to suppose,
of the provisions of the ordinance which applied
to the Northwest Territory, made no constitu-
tional provisions inconsistent with that ordinance;
but, on the contrary, conferred upon Congress the
power of making all needful rules and regulations
respecting the territory of the United States. The
ordinance of 1787 had already provided for the
Northwestern Territory, and it is therefore very
obvious that the framers of the Constitution de-
signed, not-only to recognize the validity of that
ordinance, as applicable to that territory, but to
extend that grant of power without limitation,
from the very fact that Congress was authorized
to make all needful rules and regulations respecting
the territory of the United States. The State of
Virginia was represented in the Congress that
passed that ordinance; also, in the Convention
that framed the Constitution. Besides, subse-
quently, and by act of the Assembly, passed De-
cember 30, 1788, Virginia consented to this very
ordinance, and ratified and confirmed the same.
By what authority, then, 1 ask, does Virginia
now urge that this ordinance is null and void? Is
she not precluded by her own acts from setting up
this pica? It appears to me most clearly that she
is.
Again: in 1700 North Carolina ceded to the
United States that portion of her territory which
