•/
1848-1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
30th Cong..;...2d Sess.
The Tariff and Slavery Questions—Mr. J. B. Thompson.
Ho. of Reps.
« sion of particular States, and the acceptance of j
< Congress, become the seat of Government of the j
' United States." But do you not know, say the i
advocates of slavery, that although Maryland and 1
Virginia, at the time of the. cession, agreed that
Confess might provide for the government of the
District, as contemplated by the eighth section of
the first article of the Constitution of the United
States, it was not anticipated that any such juris-
diction would be exercised without their consent?
Did not the country know that slavery existed in
the District at-the time of the cession, and that it
was not expected that any law would be passed
by Congress to prevent us from selling our surplus
■Slave stock to slave dealers who visit Washington,
from Baltimore or elsewhere, for the purpose of
making profitable investments? Are our rights
and our feelings to be outraged by such a law?
Are we to be treated with such indignity? Are
we to be told that our slaves are not articles of
merchandise? Is dealing ill human -beings to be
brought into disrepute at this late day, in the mid-
dle of the nineteenth century, when Christianity
is spreading its benign influence to the remotest
parts of the world ? Is the Congress of this en-
lightened Republic-prepared to adopt a measure so
monstrous, as to prevent slaveholders from Mary-
land, and Virginia, and elsewhere, from selling
their slaves at the seat of Government as they
would sell any other merchandise? Why, sir,
'Congress might as well say we should not sell our
horses and our mules here! It is an invasion of
southern rights. It is an encroachment, and must
be resisted; or, at least, if this is not an encroach-
ment upon our constitutional rights, it is very evi-
dent Congress designs to do something by and by
that will be.
But the honorable gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Thompson] asks, in an air of total indifference,
"What is the 'slave trade' in-the District of Co-
' lumbia? I have heard a great deal said about
''slave pens;' about slaves sold at auction; and
' about stripping the mother from the child, and the
' husband from the vvii'e. These things may exist
' here, but I do not know of them. Since I have
' been in the habitof visiting the District—which is
' from my boyhood—I have neverseen a negro sold
' here. 1 have never seen a barid of negroes taken
* off by the slave trader. I do not remember that
41 have even seen the slave trader himself. I know
' nothing of the slave pen that is so much talked about.
< It may be here, however, and these things may
'happen every day before the eyes of gentlemen ;
'who choose to hunt them up; but for myself, I
'have no taste for such things."
Mr. Chairman, I am credibly informed that from
four to six hundred of these unfortunate beings are
sold annually at the slave pen situate near the
Smithsonian Institution. Of the seventy-six slaves
who escaped from their masters in this District
during the last session of Congress, and who,
after they were recaptured, were driven directly by
" the door" of the boarding-house of the gentleman
from Indiana, forty of them were sold at the
common jail in this District, to a slave dealer from
Baltimore, and taken to that city. Where they
now aie, God only may know.
Mr. Chairman, there tfas a black man by the
name af Ware arrested during the last session of
Congress, in open day, on Pennsylvania avenue.
He made his appeal to members of Congress for
help, as they were going from this Hall to their
respective boarding-houses. That appeal was made
in the very sight of the American stripes and stars
which proudly floated over this Capitol. The ap-
peal, however, was made m vain. The black man
was taken*to Alexandria for sale. He was not
sold, however. A subscription paper was started,
and the pound of flesh demanded, paid for, and
the black man restored to his wife and cnildren,
and they wero- again a happy little household.
The honorable gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Thompson-,] although a member of this House at
the time, and although in the habit of visiting this
District fiom his boyhood, did not see this. He
never has seen anything like this. He knows
nothing about any slave pen here. I presume lie
would not know a slave pen if he weie to see one.
He has never even seen a slave dealer. He has
no tmit for such things. Mr. Chairman, i hope
the free constituency of the gentleman from Indi-
ana will eorreet his taste and improve his sight, so
that he will be able to distinguish between a slave
pen and a seminary of learning.
Sir, if the evils of slavery are such as I have
attempted to portray them, and if the prosperity,
welfare, and honor of the country demand that its
progress be stayed, shall we, will we, fail to repu-
diate " masterly inactivity," and act, discharge our
duty fearlessly as the representatives of a free
people? Great Britain and Denmark, the South
American Republics, and France, have abolished
slavery—nay, the whole world is moving in this
great principle of-freedom; and shall it be left for
this, our" boasted model Republic, not only to
perpetuate, but extend slavery? Sir, this country
occupies an important and interesting position.
When we look at the origin of this Republic, and
contemplate the design of itS founders, can we fail
to sec that upon us devolves a most important and
sacred trust? Let us not fail to discharge it faith-
fully. I, for one, solemnly believe, that the inter-
ests of this country imperiously demand that sla-
very should be checked in its progress. Are we
prepared to act? Are we ready to meet the ques-
tion? If we dare not meet it now, how shall we
be able to meet it when it has become more formida-
ble? Shall avarice, pride, and sordid interest, pre-
vail over duty? For one, sir, my mind is made
up. I am prepared to act. I am opposed to the
extension of slavery over another foot of territory
now acquired, or hereafter to be acquired, by the
Unite Jptates. I am in favor of abolishing the slave
trade in the District of Columbia and wherever else
the Constitution will permit. And while I say
this, I will also add, that I always have been, atfl
now, and shall continue to be, opposed to any and
all interference with the question of slavery m the
States. The States alone have the control over it
there, and Congress has no right to interfere.
But, sir, I maintain that it is a libel -upon the coun-
try and its free institutions; it is a libel upon the
memory of the fathers of the Revolution; it is a
libel upon the fair fame of departed patriots and
statesmen; it is a libel upon the eternal and immu-
table principles of truth and justice; nay, more,
it is a libel upon the attributes of the Almighty,
for gentlemen to contend that this Government
has no control over this question, but that we are
compelled, by the laws ot inevitable necessity, to_
let the question of slavery alone, until its blighting
influences have literally despoiled our glorious
Union of all its beauty, magnificence, and moral
grandeur! Sir, I believe in no such doctrine of
necessity.
These, Mr. Chairman, are my sentiments. I
have expressed them fearlessly, but honestly; I
am willing -to live by them, and I hope to be
wilting to die by them. And when that hour shall
come, and come it will, I shall hope to have one
consolation at least—that I have not given a vote,
nor done an act knowingly, calculated to rivet the
chains of slavery upon a single human being. Sir,
let us do right, and trust to Him who controls the
destiny of nations for the consequences.
the tariff and slavery questions.
SPEECH OF MR. J. B. THOMPSON, |;
op kentucky, |j
In tiie House of Representatives, ji
February 17, 1S49, J
In Committee of the Whole on the state of the J
Union, on the bill to carry into effect the Treaty !
of Peace with Mexico.
Mr. THOMPSON spoke as follows; :
Mr. Chairman-: St had not been my purpose to
address the committee; but as it is now to me
pretty evident, that beyond the usual appropriation
bills little wHI be done during this session of Con-
gress, except that discursive and protracted exami-
nation which seems with us necessarily to precede
action upon all questions of pnhtica! moment, 1 will
therefore briefly allude to these questions, which
1 trust will be sufficiently discussed and matuied^1
for eaily action under the auspicious influence ot
a different Congress and another Executive.
I regret to believe that there exists a mischievous
disposition not to settle as yet the tenilorial ques- .
tions. The friends of the incoming Admimstra- p
tion, anxious for its success and its popularity,
cannot feel otherwise than an ardent wish that i
that Administration could commence its career
disembarrassed of these territorial difficulties. Left
as open questions, the mode of their settlement,
their very settlement itself, however made,, may
harass that Administration and disaflect its friends.
To the predetermined opponents of that Admin-
istration, to cover their factious purpose, there is
the pretence—the gauze vail—that these matters of
mighty moment, in all their vastness of responsi-
bility and intricacy of adjustment, should be left
to the management and upon the shoulders of
those whom the people have selected to conduct
their affairs. However much such considerations
may influence the action of those who regard po-
litical issues adroitly made—upon which one party
is to go out and another party is to come into
"power, as the only proper aim of statesmanship
and political effort—there is another tribunal, high
above faction, slow but_sure in its just judgments—
the sovereign people, who will impartially con-
demn or impartially award honor and praise to
those who shall settle these questions. The peo-
ple, like a jury of the country, will make up their
verdict, too, all the facts and circumstances being
first considered, not prejudged.
The intelligence lwk! moral fitness of tha,t tribu-
nal, proved and exemplified as it recently has been
by the very act that brings into existence the next
Administration, will, m a spirit of fairness, gener-
osity, and with magnanimity, give support to the
rulers they have freely and deliberately elected,
until and unless, in the progress of events, and by
the action of that Administration, public confidence
in it shall be forfeited, its wisdom is found wanting,
its motives unpatriotic, its measures pernicious.
No premature and prurient thirst for change—no
factious purpose to condemn, right or wrong—no
captious opposition, animates those who recently
exhibited to the world the sublime, the grand moral
spectacle, that twenty millions of American people,
without riot, bloodshed, or even the interruption
of the ordinary avocations of life but for a day,
changed their rulers. Nearly balanced in two par-
ties numerically, they who are beaten acquiesce,
as those who succeed have acquiesced before.
Law, order, peace, reign supreme at and over the
great trial. No bloody battles, no armed soldiery,
no executions for political offences, no besieged or
sacked cities give token, or leave memorial of the
revolutionary throes that disastrously blacken the
efforts of those in other countries who essay to
imitate us. Such is the absence of all the para-
phernalia that mark popular effort to change rulers
elsewhere, that a foreigner, in a-mazement at the
absence of all such physical force, and mute with
wonder at the moral energy of the scene, might
bewilderingly look for the Government; the public
judgment, by the virtue of the citizen executes it-
self!
This tribunal, too, is the only party interested;
and therefore I feel the persuasion of the kindest
augury, that upon the topics of expected difficulty, v
there will be found a facility of satisfactory adjust-
ment astonishing even to ourselves.
First, as to that trite subject of the tariff, which
never should have been perverted into a party
question, or mixed up with party politics, what-
ever may be the effort to repeal the tariff-act of
184G,or substitute that of 1842 in its stead, I anti-
cipate, after much discussion, such modification of
the existing laws only will be made as to dissatisfy
none except those so greedy and growling for a
particular interest, or so moonstruck with some
peculiar theory, that eternal dissatisfaction is " their
manifest desliny " at bes^- Protection for protec-
tion's sake, and absolute prohibition, are now, or
ought to be, "obsolete" commercial regulations,
and unadvocated. Like perfect free trade, and a
resort to direct taxes, their day of false doctrine is
passing by, or gone. Enough of general principles
and sound theory seems to be concurred in by the
sound common sense of the nation to construct an
almost'unexceptionable scale of duties upon im-
ports. .
By the war of the Revolution we achieved our
national independence; to secure that mdepend-
dence, the means of self-pieservaticn, the necessary
material for aggressive or defensive operations m
war, should be so fostered that no exigcnc} oi ciisis
would find us without them. The iron to make
: bail, cast cannon, anchors, or to construct other
; appliances of warfare, as well as the materiel to
