96
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 17,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
The Tariff and Slavery Questions—Mr. J. IB. Thomps
Ho. of Reps.
manufacture cordage, sail, &c., to rig a man-of
war and the like, independently of the fact that
they are great national interests, challenge our fos-
tering care. It is familiar to the House that such
has been the opinion of our wisest statesmen of
the past time, as well as of the current generation.
Thaj a tariff of duties, however, should be con-
structed upon the basis of raising revenue for the
Government, and incidentally at the same time, by
discrimination in the rates of duty, affording what
protection it can to home pursuits and industry,
seems to me, in popular conviction, a settled princi-
ple—u a fixed fact." That whilst mainly for the
purpose of revenue, and with an eye to the public
treasury-, a scale of duties on foreign imports is to
be laid; yet if, at the same time by discrimination '
within the revenue standard, home interests may be
protected, the pursuits of life diversified, a home'
market created or encouraged, a portion of the
superabundant agricultural class turned from pro-
ducer into consumers, it seems to me that the
competition iw the first periods of such measures,
and eventually by the established and confirmed
manufacture of the encouraged articles at home,
the'general interests, in the language of the Consti-
tution,. must be promoted. - Such tariff on arti-
cles easy of transportation and concealment as will
not superinduce contrabanding by the temptation
of excessive profits, by evasion of the revenue
laws—such tariff as by its provisions seeks upon
foreign luxuries to collect the largest possible
amount of income to the treasury, whilst it taxes
luxury and encourages republican simplicity of life,
seems to comport as much with the feelings of our
people as the desire to have as cheap and accessi-
ble as possible to the people the articles of daily
use and consumption—such as tea arid coffee, al-
though of foreign growth. How far the list of free
articles should go, and what should be those arti-
cles, could be easily decided, if the spirit of the
principles I have stated could be brought to bear.
The principle of fictitious valuations—1 mean the
minimum and maximum modes of valuation—from
itsdeceptiousness, 1 believe, has met with universal
condemnation. That articles of one value shall be
classified, rated, and if I may use the term, taxed
by mimimum or maximum per cent., according to
classification, or to a standard of value bearing no
proportion to the real value of the article itself, but
according to the per cent, on the class with which it
is rated, is obviously unjust. Practical common
sense, aided by the experience and personal knowl-
edge of the members of the House to the extent it
shall apply indisputable abstract principles to the
state ot commerce and trade, will make a judicious
or injudicious tariff. Not the principles—their ap-
plication constitutes the difficulty. Embodying the
principles in the form of a law, and giving them
practical operation, demands large experience and
minute statistical knowledge of our trade, produc-
tions, and commerce. When we shall come to
modify or reconstruct our tariff system, I doubt not
the men fitted for the time and the business will be
found. That everything should be taxed or tariffed
according to its value prvmu fade, arid abstractedly,
seems right—it is theoretically right. But foreign ;
valuation would place us at the mercy of foreign
merchants; and home valuation, however beautiful
in appearance, and however theoretically calculated !
to be fair by accommodating itself to the progress or i
fluctuation of values, produces want of uniformity !
in taxation, and is the fruitful parent of much fraud, j
The same valuation of the same article will not be '
made at Boston and <at -Mobile or St. Louis; under j
valuation will prevail everywhere; false and fraud- |
ulent invoices, to evade the leveriue laws, will '
also prevail. Then to specify the duty on the par- j
tieular article, and not have its value to be settled j
at the custom-house, is perhaps, in most instances, 1
the most unobjectionable mode. i
However, Mr. Chairman, whether duties are to !
be specificorad valorem, or what warehousing sys- |
tem, or what debentures, drawbacks, or bounties !■
are to prevail, are unfit to be made party questions, ji
The revenue for the maintenance and support of the ;1
Government in all its branches must be provided;
it has heietofore, and will continue to be, chiefly ij
raised through the medium of a tariff upon im- !j
ports. This is paid unconsciously; it is paid by
Do compulsion; the people are in habit and by
usage accustomed and accommodated to it; and it jl
seems to me that when practical experience, sound )|
common sense, and a small share of patriotic feeling
shall have, after laborious investigation—laborious
it must be—so modified the tariff laws, that, both
branches of Congress will concur in it—and that is
then sanctioned by the Executive, as it will be—
there must at last be a cessation of vexing the
public ear with this question. Stability, fixedness,
ji to-be-relied-upon continuance of some system,
should prevail. If adjusted not precisely right at
first, business and capital will adjust themselves
to it, and the people afterwards.
In this spirit I hope this question will be settled,
for alreadyKby the position of the incoming Exec-
utive, it is taken from the arena of party politics.
This question, referred to the people through their
representatives in Congress assembled, when here-
•after settled, not as an Administration or anti-Ad-
ministration measure, must necessarily command
a majority of the representatives of the people
in this branch of Congress, and a majority of the
States, or rather, a majority of the representatives
of the States, in the Senate. This ad justment, when
made, should be satisfactory—final, except so far
as the progress of the country, or the changes of
commerce imperiously demand after modifications.
This same majority of the representatives of the
people and majority of the representatives of the
States, I doubt not, will allow a United States
bank to sleep the sleep of death, and will repeal
the sub-treasury when and as soon as some more
safe, convenient,and economical agency, lif^ollect,
keep, and disburse the revenues of the Govern-
ment, shall have been provided. The Executive
^rid his Administration, wisely uncommitted to
everything touching these matters, save faithfully
to execute and carry out the popular will as man-
ifested by law, happily deprives those and kindred
ones of all that party cast and aspect that might
superinduce ill-advised enactments.
Secondly. Although the patriotic position of the
President elect has drawn the viper fang that would
sting and gnaw the best interests of the country
involved in these questions, still there is another
question made the question of quqptions: factiomsts
and fanatics, conscious of impotency for mischief
upon other subjects, concentrate all their assaults
upon the repose and peace of the country to that
-question—I allude to negroism, knowing no better
term to designate the agitation or the agitators.
This subject of negroes and slavery I desire not
so much "to discuss as to state some tacts and ex-
press some opinions.
All men, of all parties, even Abolitionists, dis-
claim all interference or pretence of right to inter-
fere, under the Constitution, with slavery m the
States, it exists as a municipal institution or reg-
ulation in the State of .Kentucky. Whatever her
own people do touching it, as it exists Congress
has no more jurisdiction to legislate concerning it
than Congress has to interpose and prescribe a law
of descents and succession for France, or interpose
and enact a statute of limitations for all Germany,
or regulate the relations of parent and child, master
and servant, or other domestic relations of the peo-
ple of the Chinese Empire. This licentious spirit
of mischief has, then, to act upon the lemnant of the
District of Columbia and the Territories. Of these
two, in their order, I will briefly speak. Sir, the
Declaration of Independence—independence from
British rule—the history of the Continental Con-
gress, with all their glorious associations and re-
miniscences, are familiar to all. But the war of
the Revolution brought not to us republican gov-
ernment in the States, or the Federal Constitution.
It was a war for independence: civil liberty, the
Federal Union, State and Federal republican pnn- :
ciples of popular representation and popular rights, j
according to the civil history of the country, were I
laid deep and broad by those who fought first to !
cast off subjugation to the British- Crown, and by !
their genius and virtue afterwards framed—as archi- ;
tects before them had never framed the like or a pro- i
totype—our State governments and our inimitable j
Federal Union, as it looms out in the vast and !
fothic proportions of the Federal Constitution, j
Vithout particular specification of the various acts I
and proceedings of the Congress of the Confedera- j
tion, or the ^various acts of the Legislatures of I
Maryland and Virginia, I state so much as is per- |
tinent to my piesenl puipose. I
In the twelfth year of American independence,
the deputies from the States at Philadelphia, in I.
Convention assembled, in pursuance of the resolu-
tion of the Congress of the Confederation of 21st
February, 1787, formed, and on the 17th Septem-
ber, 1787, submitted, through George Washington,
deputy from Virginia, and President of the Con-
vention, what now (together with amendments
since adopted) constitutes the Constitution of the
United States. By the terms of the Constitution,
nine of the thirteen States were to ratify before it
was even obligatory on the other States ratifying.
New Hampshire, 21st June, 1788, was the ninth
State to ratify: others afterwards*.ratified or ac-
cepted; and on Wednesday, 4th March, 1789, at
New York city, the first Congiess assembled, and
the present Federal Constitution may be said t 
have taken effect and gone into operation. The
Government of the Union was afterwards held at
Philadelphia, until, in the Territory or District of
Columbia, on the 17th October, 1803, the first Con-
gress was held here. The Government may be said
before that time to have come to what then was pop-
ularly termed the Federal City—the present metrop-
olis of the Union, or, speaking with geographical
precision, its capital. The Government of the
Union is now here in virtue of the provision
(among others) of the eighth section of the first
article of the Constitution, declaring that the Con-
gress shall have the power to " exercise exclusive
1 legislation in all cases whatsoever (over such ter-
' ritory not exceeding ten miles square) as may, by
' the cession of particular States, and the acceptance
' of Congress, become the seat of the Government
4 of the United States."
By the cession of Maryland and Virginia, re-
spectively, and the acceptance of Congress, the
ten miles square, called the District of Columbia,
did become the seat of the Government. The
portion ceded by Virginia, lying on the other side
of the Potomac, has been retroceded, and now, as
before the cession, constitutes a part of that ancient
Commonwealth. The cis-Potomac, or Maryland
portion, is—say a moiety—five by ten miles square
of the original District, on which is located the
public buildings, and where the Government re-
i sides. This is the small locality to which the mis-
| chievous disturbance of slavery agitation by pious
j patriots is to be applied! The second section of
I the act of cession of Maryland (it is now useless
[ to speak of Virginia or her acts') provided, " that
i s all that part of said territory called Columbia,
* which lies within the limits of.*this (Maryland)
' State, shall, and the same is hereby, acknowl-
* edged to be forever ceded and relinquished to
4 Congress and the Government, of the United
' States, in full and absolute and exclusive juris-
4 diction, as well of soil as of persons residing or
4 to reside thereon, pursuant to the tenor and effect
4 of the eighth section of the first article of the
' Constitution of the Government of the United
4 States."
The clause of the Constitution quoted, and this
enactment, are the substantial, operative, explicit
words of the grant. Congress accepted the grant,
has heretofore in all cases exercised exclusive jurisdic-
tion and legislative power in the District; the coun-
try has acquiesced in it. In the acts of Congress,
or of the State of Maryland, there is no proviso,
reservation, or condition, restricting or limiting
the power of exclusive, legislation in all cases.
Even had there been such reservation, by ambig-
uous or doubtful terms or {Phraseology, on account
of inconsistency with the clause of the Constitu-
tion quoted, that the exclusive jurisdiction con-
templated might rest, such condition inconsistent
with the Constitution should be rejected as void,
| and repugnant to the principal and leading intent
| of the parties. Such being the language of the
: Constitution, and of the act of cession of Mary-
i land, by sound interpretation, words of reservation
j should be regarded as void and inoperative, as
I contrary to the intent and -object primarily con-
| tempiated. But there is no ambiguity of phrase,
; or doubt, from the language, and the legal maxim
j —"nulla e.vjwsitio fienda est contra verba"—i s the
j common-sense and sound construction as to the
power and right of Congress to legislate in all
I cases,„and over all subjects of legislation, m the
: District. The force of the terms leave no room
for implication; they are absolute, unconditional/
unmistakable. I have thus spoken of the power,
and I do so because I do not wish to be placed on
a wrong ground in a matter sufficiently strong, on
