1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
l/
m
30th Cong 2d Sess.
The Tariff and Slavery Questions—Mr. J. B. Thompson.
New Series No. 7.
other grounds, to uphold my view of it. The
power of Congress to abolish slavery in this Dis-
trict, by gradual emancipation or otherwise, I
concede. This, too, I thought the admitted, rec-
ognized doctrine. Even Van Buren, objectionable
for many things^ and objected to for everything,
escaped unscathed for this, when he admitted
the power, but took ground—high veto ground—
against the exercise of the power to abolish slavery
in this District.
But, Mr. Chairman, 1 trust no Congress or Ex-
ecutive will ever exercise, or allow that power to
be wantonly exercised. Good faith towards Mary-
land forbids it. Will any man pretend that when
jurisdiction o$er soil-and citizens was granted, the
"State or the people of the District contemplated,
or ever dreamed of any such action oh the part of
Congress as abolishing slavery in the territory ? It
was not thought of—it is not necessary for any
purpose had in view then, or now proper to exe-
cute and carry out the reasons of having this Dis-
trict set apmt. I admit the power is plenary—
unlimited. I pretend to no implied restriction
(none is expressed) lurking like a mental reserva-
tion behind or outside of the honest face of the
transaction. This Jesuitical casuistry about power
is not, in my opinion, proper to be set up; but the
exercise of that power for the abolition of slavery
would be to Maryland dishonest, mala file, fraudu-
lent in fact. The reasons of integrity—good faith—
the honest execution of what was contemplated
by the parties—its intrinsic propriety—are all co-
gent, ethical arguments that I am persuaded no
Congress will wantonly override by " inconsiderate
and hasty legislation." The laws here ought to
conform, upon the subject of slavery, to the laws
of Maryland. That would be just, uniform, and
put the inhabitants here precisely where they would
be if there never had been any District of Co-
lumbia.
The foreign slave trade is by law piracy; the in-
famous professional negro dealer everywhere, like
the piratical slaver, is abhorred. The laws of Ma-
ryland upon this subject are like, perhaps not so
perfect and full, as the law of 1833 of Kentucky,
upon the subject of importing slaves into that State.
I know no good reason why the laws of this part
of what was Maryland should not, for uniformity's
sake, as well as from considerations of police and
policy, be identical with those of Mary land. How-
ever, when such law is presented, it may then be
that more properly it should be argued, and if pos-
sible perfected. There however nosv exists, and
is likely to exist, other reasons, for ages, that will
exert & controlling influence over this question. A
man might very properly be willing to see the laws
here conform to those of Maryland; but tnere sure-
ly can be few persons sincerely anxious to fee
the institution of slavery abolished here. Besides
the exhibition of bad faith, would not the five by
ten miles square left of free territory be a thorn m
the side of Virginia from the facility with which
the Potomac may be passed by bridge or boat, by
ice or swimming, or even at some points loading
across it? It would be full of runaway negroes from
Virginia. Acancertooin thesideofMaryland. Sep-
arated from it by an imaginary line, the free negro
population, thicker than the liceand frogs of Egypt,
would "light upon the District like gangs of crows
upon some carrion carcass. This vile, degraded
population would make the District the harbor of
runaways, the receptacle and hiding-place of stolen
property; and we would literally sit here sur-
rounded by free negroes, dens of thieves, fugitive
slaves, and ceaseless^distraction for their reclama-
tion and recapture. Half the Union in its officers
could not safeiy come here with their servants, or
reside here. We would be in our councils os if we
sat somewhere in Ethiopia; and besides the annoy-
ance and inconvenience to ourselves, all foreign
ambassadors and agents would experience about
as much comfort, and entertain for us the same
respect, the like presence would inspire, had they
been accredited to Hayti, or the Tonga Islands, in-
stead of the United States of North America. The
proposition to abolish slavery heie is so absurd,
inconvenient, preposterous, dishonest, that of it I
have no more to say.
Now, Mr. Chairman, as under the incoming
Administration internal policy is to be settled by
the voice of the people; as the States, by the admis-
sion of all, are to do what to each State seemeth best
upon the subject of slavery; and inasmuch as one- !'
half the District of Columbia has been retroceded
to Virginia, (and as to that there can be no appeal
to disturb the judgment and act of" Congress, and
because, as to the remnant of the District the ab-
surdity of Interference is so obvious, I deem it also
settled, except as occasionally furnishing a pretext
for agitation,) I will therefore briefly give my
views of slavery in the territories.
We are at peace with all the world, and there is
now left for national uneasiness and anxiety the
question, How shall we organize, and what restric-
tions, if any, as to slavery, shall we make in the
Territories of New Mexico and California, recently
modify. 1 am against the mongrel, conquered,
ignorant population of Mexicans, Peons, Indians,
and what not, under a territorial charter, settling
this matter for their conquerors. Had General
Cass been elected President, his non-interference
policy that forbade all action, affirmative or otheiv
wise, by Congress, would have been, in fact waS
equivalent to, a waiver and abandonment of all
southern pretension of right to go to the acquired
i territory with slaves.
j The territory is the price of common blood and
1 common treasure. The slave Stales furnished
; troops, especially volunteers, far beyond their pro-
j portionate population, with the non-slaveholding
acquired by the Mexican war' The great influx j States. The very men of the war may wish
of population to California, the interest of the Gov-1 •• > ■ ■
ernment m the public lands and mineral wealth of
that1 Territory, demand of Congress a territorial
government. The people there who come under
our dominion by the treaty of dueretaro or Guada-
lupe Hidalgo, as well as our emigrants, need and
expect the protection and fostering care of oui Gov
emigrate to this territory, locate'their bounty lands,
take with them slaves acquired by marriage or
inheritance, necessary to them by habit and edu-
cation. They came into the Union as slaveholders;
as such, in a common war, achieved their portion
of the conquest, and now, is it fair that they shall
renounce the character in which they came into
J.' V V f ' • ^ ^ ~ 4 • V 4 I • — .. w .... >. . v.. ~ J wm... W "V
ernment. The organization of a lerritoiial govern- j! the Union, and fought the battles of the Mexican
i ment, and the enactment of.suitable laws, is arrest- ,
■ cd by the question, howshall slavery there be actcd !
j upon? j
I know the Wilmot proviso—that is, the propo- [
sition to forever exclude slavery from these terri- !
tories—is of Democratic origin; and I know that '
notwithstanding Mr. Polk signed the bill to organ-
ize the Territory of Oregon with the Wilmot pro-
viso, or slavery restriction in it, still, every one
South of Mason and Dixon's line—Whigs and
Democrats—feel and think very much alike upon
this subject. The books of travelers, and official
explorations, seem to favor and confirm the opinion
expressed by the present Secretary of State, (Mr.
war, before they emigrate thither? The rapidity
with which the country acquired, especially Cali-
fornia, is being populated, demands something be
done. I dislike to look to such a question in a
party aspect; but I must say, that affirmative action
j on the part of Congress only can, in my opinion,
guara'nty to the people of the fifteen slave States of
| the Union a right to' settle in the territory acquired
i with slave property. Time, convenience, com-
; mercc, population, political necessity, by the doc-
j trine of non-interference would, in General Cass's
I time, have had to settle this question, had he been
i elected, and would probably have settled it before
! his time expired. The territory being already free,
Buchanan,) who, in speaking of the subject, says: |! I imagine, to sanction affirmative action by Con-
! gress in favor of the South, if such can be pro-
cured or induced, and non-interference which for-
bids such sanction, is the principal difference as to
j <£In repaid to New ?.!exieo east of the Rio Grande, the
. question lias already been settled by the admission of Texas
} into the ITnwn. Should we acquire terntotv beyond the
! Rio Grande, and ea>-t of the Uucky Mountains, it i-s mojnlly
I impo<?*ihie that a majonty of the people should consent, to
; the reestahhshment of slavery. They are themselves a
1 colored population, and atnonij them the negro does not
I belong socially to a degraded class."
i This^opinion of Mr. Buchanan is by General
Cass alluded to,and quoted with approbation in his
celebrated Nicholson letter. The present Secre-
tary of the Treasury, (Mr. Walker,) in his pow-
erful expose of reasons for the annexation of Tex-
as, says: 11 Beyond the Rio del Norte slavery will
' not only not pass because it is forbidden by law,
' but because the colored race there predominates
c in the ratio of ten- to one of the whites; and
1 holding as they do the Government and most of
(the offices m their possession, they will not per-
' mit the enslavement of any portion of the colored
' race which makes and executes the laws of the
this point between the late aspirants to the Presi-
■ sidency. Whether General Cass, as President,
I would only have regarded the Wilmot proviso as
. a mere legislative declaration and recognition of
! what is already law, and therefore not to be vetoed,
1 can only be inferred from his opinions before
alluded to, and from what the law is, as I shall
. presently show.
r Whether General Taylor will veto or not such
proviso, if the territories are with that restriction
organized in his time, because of its incorporation,
: or will acquiesce in the opinion of a majority of the
! people as expressed through their representatives
! in this House, and as declared by the States
| through the Senators in the other House, I am
i wholly unadvised. The non-slaveholding States
having here the majority, can make a President
1 country." The approval by Mr. Polk (under j, hereaiter; therefore it the Sen .to go the proviso, if
protest) of the Oregon Territorial bili, and these not in Taylor's time, very soo _aHer, another and
j sentiments, of Walker and Rurhanan, endorsed by j
j General Cass, \ do not refer to as evidence to con- I
| vict the entire Democratic party of such opinions. :
! I refer to them as admissions and evidences that !
! California and New Mexico are now fiee terri- j
] tories. The treaty of peace, amity, and limits, in
! this regard contains nothing to change their con- ,
| dition. I refer to these opinions also to s-how, what ,
j Geneial Cass said. The question, it will therefore !
| be seen on examination, does not regard the ex-
i elusion of slavery from a region where it now
> exists, but a prohibition against its introduction |
when it does not exist, and wheic, from the feel- :
ings of the inhabitants and the laws of nations, it '
is'morally impossible (as Mr. Buchanan says) it !
| can ever reestablish itself. The treaty did not ,
! affect it, when acquired—it was free territory, and
t therefore, according to the view of these statesmen,
! it is only by affirmative enactment and legislation
' that any part of the acquisition can be otherwise,
' if I may use the expiession, than free soil. If
! the geographical necessity of climate, latitude, sod,
i and the like, forbid African slavery there, why the ,
■ unnecessary supererogatory work of incorporating
i info any bill the Wilmot proviso' I am aga.nst ,
j the incorporation of that proviso in any bill of or-
j gamzation of territorial government, because I see
for it no necessity. It may hereafter be contended ,
! that such present action, like the ordinance o[ 1787
| for the territory northwest of the Ohio, is a funda- '
1 mental, precedent, superior obligation, that even ,
I the State of California cannot hereafter control or j
a northern President, with his House and State or
j Senate majority, will organize the territories as
I they choose. But, Mr. Chairman, to the law of
| the case, (for the collection of which I am indebted
! to one [Mr. Stephens] if not to two [Mr. Toombs]
1 very able gentlemen of Georgia.) The Constitution
, of the United States, in the clauses securing the
right of reclamation of fugitive slaves, forbidding
! their foieign importation after the year 1803, and
apportioning representatives and direct taxes, rec-
ognize the existence of such an institution. The
quibbles about the words "held to service" not
j including the idea, and referring to slavery as then
and now existing in many of the States, is mere
' chicanery. The Supreme Court of the United
: States, m passing upon these clauses, recognize
slaves as property. They arc property by the
' municipal regulations of the local authority of
' the States. The relation, like that of parent and
child, guardian and ward, or other domestic rela 
tion, as between the master and slave, is regulated
bylaw, the ownership secured, and the right of
succession, devise, and transfer, regulated as those
rights to real or personal estate are regulated by
; the law of the particular State. What is a subject
of ownership, what is property, is denned and
modiaed necessarily and properly by the laws of
' every community or State. When wc acquired
. Lou.sbrm, slavery existed there by the laws in
foicetheic: the same of Florida; the same of Texas,
i How that institution may have been the cause, or
| wad on© of the moving causes, in the revolution
