100
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 17,
" 30th Cong 2d Sess.
Slavery in the Territories—Mr. Jenkins.
H,o. of Reps.
of this sort with regard to the Territories. Those
who maintain that Congress has no right to legis-
late for the Territories would find no difficulty in
setting up a monarchy within their limits without
violating the Constitution.
If the people of the Territories have a right to
originate their own governments, and are in no
respect dependent upon the action of Congress,
not only the form of government-, but the time of
organizing, it, the extent of territory which they
may choose to embrace, are without restriction or
limitation. . Will the advocates of this scheme
contend that a few families can go into a territory
of vast extent, and there, of their own motion,
lawfully set up a government for themselves in
defiance of the General Government? If not, what
number of peisons could do it? Where is there
any guide in regard to the requisite number to be
found? What amount of territoiy shall they bring
within the,ir jurisdiction? If Congress has nothing
to do with-govermng the Territories, a few settlers
might claim jurisdiction over territory enough for j
several States. Other settlements would grow up |
in different parts of the country, disclaiming any I
connection with those who happened first to get j
there, and endless conflicts for jurisdiction and i
power would be the inevitable consequence. j
The first requisite of all Governments is not only
the capacity to make suitable laws, but power to
enforce the observance of them. Without this
power, no contrivance, however wise and equitable
its provisions, is worthy the name of government.
The compact should have consistence and strength.
It should be able to stretch forth its power to the
utmost limits of the territory, and bring within the
protection of its lasvs and institutions every inhab-
itant, however weak, and to suppress all disorder.
Oregon, with her twelve thousand inhabitants, was
unable to do this. During the unreasonable delay
of Congress to provide for her a government, she
from necessity constituted a legislature, and enacted
laws; but ninny of the people refused to obey them.
And while Oregon was petitioning Congress to le-
galize ichat her Legislature had done, this stranj
case, and asks, with an air of triumph, "Are you
afraid to leave this question with the people?
Slavery is a domestic institution, as much so as
the institution of marriage; and yill you withhold
the right to control family arrangements from^the
people? It is decided by great theologians, that
slavery is sanctioned by Divine Revelation, and
can you say that Congress ought to legislate upon
the consciences of the people?"
Slavery once introduced, takes a deep and abi-
ding holil upon the country. Its effects are soon
diffused through every department of society—all
domestic arrangements must be formed in accord-
ance with it. The pjaMaUons, instead of con-
taining orfe or two huflRd acres, must embrace
one or two thousand—the plough and the axe, in
the hands of the slave, must be used by him, or
those scarcely above his condition; for the man of {
substance never descends to the labor of the slave, j
where slavery has gamed a foothold. Education I
cannot be geneialiy diffused, for this can be done 1
only by common schools; and what can be done !
for common schools, where the extent of the j
plantations will not "admit of residents within a!
mile or more of each other ? The sons and daugh-
ters of the planter will soon enter upon a life of
luxurious ease. Industry is necessarily degraded
—society is comparatively stationary—the poor
cannot rise, and the rich fall only when prodigality
has supplanted the place of "virtue; or the planta-
tion, bereft of its fertility, compels the sons of the
planter to seek a commission in the army or navy
for subsistence. We know how haid it is to break
from the thraldom of a monarchial government;
but far greater is the task of breaking up the insti-
tution of slavery when once fully established with
all of its appendages, and when the wealth of the
people consists in a great measure in the value of
their slaves, than to throw off the yoke of the most
powerful monarch. It may be said, that this was
not so in the northern States. But the northern
States were not surveyed into large plantations.
Small farms, a dense population, and a cold climate
will soon put an end to slavery in any country.
doctrine of a want of constitutional power in Con- Sir, let the system of slavery be once settled fully
press tn nvftvilie fnr hpr n o-AVprnmpnf erM-niin- ir  A ...]     _i
gress to provide for her a government sprun
into existence. It, came from men stung with
ambition, and whoso only desire was to avoid the
delicate responsibility of acting upon the subject.
It came from men less anxious to provide for the
government and well-being of the territories than
for themselves places of honor and profit.
Tiie action of Congress in regard to the govern-
ment of the territories has been simple, and suited
to the genius of all our institutions. When the in-
habitants were scattered and few, a teiritorial gov-
ernment has been formed for most of the territories,
which have since become States, consisting of a
governor and council, clothed with certain well-
defined powers. As soon as the people of a territory
had grown sufficiently numerous to render such a
step advisable, a delegate in Congress was autho-
mto the texture of society, and when you under
take to reverse the wheels of legislation, and turn
back the strong current of custom, of prejudice,
and interest, depend upon it you have a task in
hand which generations may long strive in vain
to achieve. The master will not easily give up the
slave. Ee will not willingly put his own hands
to the plough. It will not suit him to take up the
toil now wrung from his bondmen. He has the
wealth and the influence, and long will he main-
tain the ascendency.
The climate of Oregon is as well suited to the
products of slave labor as Virginia; California
and New Mexico take rank with the ran = e of
States in the extieme South. If Oregon contained
as many people to the square mile as the State of
New York does, her population would exceed
. , . • , ^ awwv uwa, nci (jupumuuii wouiu exceeu
rizeii, and a legislature eiected by the people was sixteen millions; or if as dense as that of Massa-
provided for; but Congress reserved to itself the
right to abrogate such laws. A still further in- !
creasc of population, a growth in wealth and im- ,
portanre, at-.length brought these territories, one
after another, into the family of States. This sys- i
tem is admirably adapted to fit, step by step, even !
discordant materials for the business of self-gov- !
ernment. In those territories peopled by migra-
cbusetts, the number would be upwards of twenty-
nine millions. But Oregon lias now only twelve
thousand inhabitants, and probably not over twen-
ty-five hondied voters. The vast amount of her
unoccupied lands belonging to the United States is
worthy of attention, and the people of the whole
nation are interested in their value. Thet country
must be settled chiefly by migrations from the
irom other States, the process was plain and i various States of the "TJnion, and by
naturaL fciven Lnm&iAn  an/I FinriHa thnnrfSi i c  c   J
from- foreign countries. No one can doubt but
natural. Even Louisiana and Florida, though gov-       
etiied fiom then-infancy' by a monarchy, were.: that the people who will go there within a very
giaduallv moulded into elements congenial to our few years, and who are now inhabitants of the
reGl'^lcrt,1'riSll,tul.10|is- I' States, will far exceed the present population of the
, J? T11 1!le P°werof Congress to eon- Territory in numbers. The inhabitants of the
t. avery in the. territories, douot or deny the whole Union, therefore, have a far greater interest
' tnc n ii oot i An c! 1. /-, • nloi-n«<? 11 U ~     ^ _ .1
to the people of the territories. It
expediency of exe.-cismg that power. They think •• in the question, whether slavery shSlI be admitted
''S'slatton upon tms subject should oo left ;; into Oregon than the present Inhabitants of that
h not stran&o . country have. Any legislation of the people now
uch for themselves as for
hut who now reside in the
are and will bo, until
represented in the National Legisla-
ture. If, therefore. Congress had conferred unon
the people of Oregon the power to admit or ex-
clude slavery, the exercise of that power by so
small a number of people scattered over such a
vast extent of territory, thus settling the question
not only for themselves but for ail who should
move there, would be both impolitic and unjust.
itself, at first view, j* quite plausible; and, in
some portions of the country, party alliance has
had no small degree of influence in its favor. The ,
ardent partisan is apt to think only of success :
in the first die to be turned, without considuimv
tuny the effect o? bis acts for any considerable <
Ume to eome. He seizes the strong point in his f
I It would be conferring upon 'the people of Oregon
i the power to legislate, not upon a course of policy
| which might'be easily changed,arid which is tem-
| porary in its character, but upon a vital question
j which must give bent and controlling influence to
' society there for ages, it is far rpore in accord-
ance with the spirit of our republican institutions,
that the people of the whole nation, through their
representatives in Congress, should^ have some
voice in arranging the permanent institutions of a
new and distant Territory, than to vest this im-
portant trust in the hands of a few straggling set-
tlers, of uncongenial habits and fluctuating in pur-
pose.
I have alluded to Oregon to illustrate a principle;
and what has been said of that country is equally
applicable to California and New Mexico. These
two territories, of twice the area of Oregon, with
a population brought up under a foreign govern-
ment, speaking another language, and far from
ranking high in the scale of civilization, do no£
present an inviting field for experiment.
Few will undertake to deny, at this late day,
that this is a national question. Its influence has
been felt in every part of the Uniojg. The power
which slavery has exerted is beyond all estimate.
The politician has kneeled to this power as to an
idol. The press has pleaded its cause. The con-
dition of the slave has been lauded to the skies, and
his nature traduced by the North and the South
with the blackest invective. The belief that sla-
very should be excluded from the territories now
free, has been met with every grade of disparage-
ment, both from the high in power and the low in
| purpose. The principle has been attacked under
the name of men, and men under the name of piin-
j ciple, until our vernacular, unable to bear on the
! contest with sufficient effect, was forced to admit
i an accession of reproachful terms, unheard of be-
; fore in any dialect. While this conflict of words
| has been carried on by the politician and the press,
i the great body of the people, north and south,
have been comparatively quiet. They kept a clear
: eye upon passing events, and have given some in-
i dication that they also were entitled to be heard
\ upon this question. Most of the newspaper artil-
j lery was, and still is, too far olf, too high up, to
j disturb^ the quiet of their daily pursuits. They
| have not yet seen the Union break in pieces. They
i know as well as we do that discussion, if worth
anything, will produce some stir—well enough'
, called agitation; and they have lived long enough
j to know that descriptions of tremendous excitements
' are far more frequent than excitements themselves,
j Let us, then, turn to our duty, unawed by the ma-
chinery set in motion to avoid this question, as
! dangerous to the Union, and firmly vote upon the
; subject as a national question. We ought tolegis-
I late for the benefit of these territories, but at the
j same time keep in view the interest thai every
j State has in their growth and prosperity. Their
1 rapid settlement would sooner bung the public
j lands there into market, and enable us to turn over
! the evails to pay the expenses of the war, and the
J fifteen millions due to Mexico. Their speedy set-
tlement will tend lo increase our revenues derived
from import duties, to he devoted to the same ob-
ject. if the question were settled that slavery
should be excluded, farmers from the North and
the South, who work for themselves, would swou
congiegate there, irrigate the land, and show-
to the slaveholder that free labor is suited to
a warm as well as a cold climate; that a man
who is stimulated by the ordinary incentives of
property, freedom, and independence, will accom-
plish more manual labor without the shackles of
slavery upon him, than with them. Give uy the
opportunity to try the experiment,of free labor in
the same climate with your slave labor, but wiih-
out the blighting influence of its presence, and then
: it will be far easier to decide which should have
, the preference. Slave labor now engrosses the
| business of raising rane and cotton. No <*ne will
j contend that the labor of the freeman and the slave
^can be carried on together. The freeman will not
I submit to the degradation of working by the side of
j the slave. Why banish the free laboring man of
, the North and the free laboring man of the South
from thi«s field of our acquisitions? A large portion
I of the people residing in southern Ohio, Indiana,
! and Illinois, moved there from slaveholdmg States,
happy to get beyood the reach of this domestic
