102
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 17,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Slavery in the Territories—Mr. Jenkins.
Ho. of Reps.
promote this object, let that be a condition. This
condition would be in the nature of a compact,
and as binding upon the parties as are the re-
strictions contained in the ordinance of 1787, the
Missouri compromise, or the resolutions for an-
, nexing Texas, are upon the parties concerned. It
is unjust to call this prohibition an invidious dis-
crimination, when the free States northwest of the
Ohio, Iowa, and a part of Texas, are yet under the
same prohibition. In Territories like California
and New Mexico, where the white population is
comparatively small, the anxiety to gain settlers is
so great that but little objection is made to slavery;
and slaveholders, with their slaves, may be con-
sidered a valhable acquisition. Hence Indiana,
when under a' territorial government, and before
she had learned to deprecate the effects of slavery
upon her prosperity, petitioned Congress for the
repeal of the restrictions contained ill the ordinance
of 1787, prohibiting slavery from that Territory.
She has reason to rejoice that Congress declined
to grant the petition; for if granted, she would
now have been languishing under a load destruc-
tive to her prosperity as a State. Emigrants from
the free States would have shunned her as a blot
upon fhe fair Northwest. It is obvious, therefore,
that the right to legislate upon this subject should
be held by Congress for the present, at least,
whether the governments to be constituted shall
be State or Territorial.
With a view of showing that no legislation upon
the subject of slavery in the new Territories would
' be of any avail, the position is taken, that inas-
much as slavery was abolished while these Terri-
tories formed a part of the Mexican Confederacy,
they are now free and need no prohibition by act
of Congress. I concur in the opinion, that these
Territories are indeed free. But the whole people
of the slaveholding States, so faf as I have been
able to learn, are of a different opinion; and main-
tain, that if a citizen of the United States should
take his slaves into these Tern tones, he would have
a right to hold them as his property. This differ-
ence of opinion arises from the difference in the
institutions under which the North and the South
have been respectively educated. In the North, no
person, whatever the color, is to be deemed a
slave until that fact be proved. In the South, a
negro is deemed a slave until he is proved to be
free; and if no master claims him, they have a sum-
mary process of providing a master for him. In
one of the southern States, it has recently been de-
cided by the courts, that the fact that a negro is
found in any place is evidence that the law autho-
rizes slavery in such place; and the color of the
skin is left to settle the question winch is the mas-
ter and which the slave. That there should be
such a fundamental difference between the laws of
the North and the South upon this subject of evi-
dence, is remarkable, but not less strange than
the difference of opinion existing in regard to the
question of freedom in the new Territories.
It has been the practice in every civilized nation,
when there is a difference of opinion in regard to
an important legal principle, to have the piinciple
settled by legislation. A great variety of statutes
ate passed merely in affirmance of the common
law. So of this question. It is not only our right
but our duty to settle k definitely and permanently
by an act of the National Legislature. But if gen-
tlemen choose to leave it open and unsettled, what
will be the consequence?- A struggle will be kept
up year after year. The master will take his
slaves into the new territories, and who will be
there to sue for their freedom? Surely the master
will not send off his slaves to employ counsel for
that purpose, nor will he furnish them funds to
carry on the litigation. Suppose that some benev-
olent person should cause a suit to be instituted for
the liberation of a slave; if the judge be a southern
man, as he doubtless will be, he will decide that
the color of the person held to service is evidence,
not only that slavery is sanctioned by jaw there,
but that the person himself is a slave. As the law
stands, the suit could not be taken to the Supreme
Court of the United States for reversal, and. thus
the suit would terminate without liberating the
slave. But suppose there weie a law authorizing
the removal of such a cause to the Supreme Coun
o the United States, and the suit were prosecuted,
at a vasl CXpensej to a successful termination;
verily, one slave would be liberated; but what
would become of the thousands by that time car-
ried into the new territory ? Would suits for the
freedom of each one be instituted ? Let the fate of
those slaves of Pennsylvania, entitled to freedom
by the manumission act of that State, who were
sent and sold in Kentucky, and their posterity, an-
swer the question. Let the thousands of negroes
unlawfully introduced yearly in to Brazil and Cuba,
and there fixed in perpetual bondage, proclaim how
frail to the black race the tenure of liberty is. If,
under such circumstances, our National Legislature
is too weak to settle the law by direct and unequiv-
ocal enactment, equalljJ^acillating will be the ad-
judications of our courts of justice upon this sub-
ject. Slavery, as aggressive now as ever, will
stealthily invade our new territorial acquisitions,
and plant itself there; and legislators now having
the power but not the magnanimity to prevent it,
will not then have the firmness to expel it. If
Congress should expressly forbid the introduction
of slavery into the new territories, the act itself
would be a pledge of the nation to the prompt ex-
ecution of the law. If the law were violated, a
remedy adequ'ate to the task would soon be pro-
vided. Such a law would be known and heeded
by the settlers destined for that country. But let
this remain a disputed question; let Congress falter
and hesitate, but not decide, and slavery will have
won a victory over liberty, unbecoming the age in
which we live. The certificates of chancellors and
judges of the North—given out of court—printed
but not reported, will be as useless in staying the
tide of this aggressive institution, as they have
been fruitless in the political arena.
I am aware that this subject is not agreeable to
many for whom I have a high respect. I can
make allowance for difference in education, and
doubt not the frequent exercise of humanity in
the master. I am not called upon to speak of
slavery in "the States where it now exists; when
those States came into the Union, no power over
the subject was reserved to the General Govern-
ment, and hence this power belongs to such States
exclusively But in discussing the expediency h legislator, who is easily driven from instability
and tno. VIP-hf. Df ftYtftnnino1 this msstihifinn mtA /•.  a.' *i*i ■ ~ J
and the right of extending this institution into free
territory, it would be unpardonable in a legislator
to shut his eyes against any thing legitimately
bearing on the question. .
The charge, that the agitation of this subject
tends to affect slave property in the southern States,
is true to a certain extent. It is like the influence
produced by the emancipation of our own country
trom the thraldom of Great Britain upon several
nations in Europe. So will the policy pursued
by our Government in regard to these newly
acquired territories, produce some 'moral effect
upon the slaveholding States themselves. Even
the emancipation of the slaves in the northern
States must have produced some influence in the
South. I am not surprised that the emancipation
of slaves by Mexico, the South American Repub-
lics, England, and Denmark, should press some-
what upon the southern States, and produce a
restiveness occasioned by the spread of principles
hostile to this institution. This progress of free-
dom to the slave illy prepared the mind of the slave-
holder for the intelligence that republican France,
among her first legislative enactments, extended to
her slaves the same liberty which she had won for
her own citizens; and ratified the deed by insert-
inginher constitution the short but comprehensive
and memorable article, that " slavery cannot exist
in any territory belonging to France." Though
this general progress of liberty may produce some
effect in the South, it is demanding too much that
all that the" world is doing for liberal principles
should stop on that account. Can" the South ask
more than the pledge, that slavery in the States
where it now is, shall not be interfered with ?
I am aware that there is a species of philanthro- !
pists north and south who verily believe that the
black race is better off in a state of servitude than
freedom. They also fear that the discussion in
regard to slavery in the Territories will induce the
master to draw the cord of servitude closer, and
thus prove an injury to the slave himself. Their
fears, however, do not stop here. They think
that the discussion of this subject will disturb the
respective political parties to which they belong,
and that, if persevered in, the loss of place and
patronage may be the consequence. These senti-
ments are felt the strongest in the dominant politi-
cal party, whichever that party may chance to be;
and as power changes from one party to the other,
sentiments upon this subject change also. Who,
a year since, would have thought that the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Thompson] would so soon
have hurled denunciation at his political friend
from New York, [Mr. Gott,] for an effort to abol-
ish the slave trade at the capital of the nation ?
Ah. sir! the changes going on upon the other side
of the House are as rapid as the mutations in the
formation of insects: yesterday, the hard, tough
chrysalis; to-day, the full-grown butterfly! Mr.
Gott's resolution was carried by a large majority.
By changes on the other side of the political line,
it was reconsidered and sent upon the general or-
ders, where it will never be reached more. Time
will disclose from what motives these changes
sprang. Let me say to the gentleman from Indi-
ana, that the principle of the "Wilmot proviso,"
which so disturbs thy slumbers and haunts thee as
a spectre, has only paid thee his first boding visit,
and " will meet thee again at Cannae." Those who
maintain that the negro is best off-in a state of
slavery, belong to that class of philosophers who
believe the less a man knows the more happy he
is—the lower the degradation the greater the en-
joyment. This rule, if applicable anywhere, can
have but little respect to color. It may well be
supposed, that when the slaveholder from time to
time discovers the progress of liberal principles,
the greater will be his apprehension of the frailty
of the tenure under which he holds his bondmen;
and hence it is to be expected that less lenity to
his slaves will be exhibited. That this question, .
also, may disturb political parties is equally obvi-
ous. But the apprehension of these results, neces-
sarily of a temporary character, forms no basis for •
arresting a course of legislation founded upon the
most obvious principles of justice. If fear, instead
of sound sense, is to guide us; if an act clearly
wrong is to be done, merely out of fear that a
right one may produce some temporary inconve-
nience to persons or political parties, then the weak
timidity, from timidity to fear, from fear to'de-
lirious affright, should be sent here to transact the
business of the nation. I feel disgust for argu-
ments so wanting in substance. They indicate a
species of mental vassalage unbecoming the repre-
sentatives of a free and independent people.
Sir, the proposition to extend, slavery beyond
its present limits, brings the institution itself be-
fore us upon its merits, moral, social, and political.
If slavery is to be sent into the new territories, it
should first be shown, by those who takean inter-
est in its favor, to be advantageous to the country
and its institutions, to the slave and to the master.
That the surrender of a new country of vast ex-
tent, to this domestic institution, tends to strength-
en and perpetuate it, will not be denied by any
who have examined its progress, decline, and final
extinction, m every part of western Europe. The
vast amount of uncultivated lands in the southern
States will keep up the institution for a long time
to come. The addition of Texas to this interest
will perpetuate slavery more than half a century.
The master will not give up the institution. The
longer it continues, the less is he inclined to aban-
don it. So long as slaveholders, by their num-
bers, their wealth, and their influence, can control
a majority of electors in a State, so long will the
institution remain there. It has always been so,
and it always will be. When did any class of
men voluntarily surrender power? The French
church and nobility would not only have held,
but increased their vast possessions to this day,
but for the revolution of 1799. Did the cry of
want ever awaken their sympathy? The British
landholders have never extended their possessions
so rapidly as now. The tenants are daily driven
from their houses, to wander without shejjer, and
to famish. When will these hereditary landhold-
ers consent to divide their vast possessions, or pass
any law tending to an equal distribution, even
among their own children ? When the slavehol-
ders as a body, shall voluntarily manumit their
slaves, or enact laws encouraging manumission,
then may we expect that the British nobleman will
unloose his iron grasp upon his boundless posses-
sions. Both are actuated by the same motives;
the effect produced upon both is the same. Neither
has so praised his own peculiar institution for-a
