IM
  APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 10,
• 30th Cong 2d Sess.
Governments for the New Territories—Mr. Hilliard.
Ho. or Reps.
deprived, and this question is still open- Now, *
desire *to say, that in my humble judgment, tha*
would have been a perfectly fair settlement of this
great question. The line which it proposed to
stretch to the Pacific Ocean was a marked line. It
had a historical weight about it. It had the sanc-
tion- of patriotic example. It would have disposed
forever not only of the present question, but of all
kindred questions. The House thought proper to
reject it, and, of course, I must acquiesce in that,
decision.
There is another question directly connected
with this of which 1 have been speaking:, on which j:
i desire to offer some views, and which ought also
to be settled. By the joint resolution of March 1, j!
1845, admitting Texas as a State into this "Union— ;;
or rather, providing for her annexation to the Uni- If
ted States—it was enacted that the State should be L
formed, subject to the adjustment by this Govern- if
ment of all questions of boundary that might arise jj
with other Governments. Now, it is pcifectly ;
well known that Texas had a disputed question of
boundary with Mexico, at the time of her admis- j
sion. That State, by an act of her own Congress, j1
of*December, 1836, declared her western boundary |t
to*be the Rio Grande—the whole extent of it, from iS
its mouth to i!s source, and thence due north to
she forty-second degree of north latitude. We
annexed Texas, claiming that boundary; and we
undertook to settle her quarrel with Mexico. An
attempt to do this by negotiation failed. A lesort j
was had to arms. The Government of the United
States proceeded to urge our right to the country
embraced within the limits of Texas, thus defined,
against Mexico. Now, it will be very well re-
membered that we claimed the country bordering
on the Rio Grande as our own soil, through no
other right than that which we had derived fiom
Texas. We sent our troops there to occupy that ;!
territory, distinctly upon the ground that it was j.
embraced within the limits of the Republic of
Texas; which, having been annexed to the United !■
States, devolved on us the duty of protecting its ,|
soil from violation. On the very banks of the !i
Rio Grande, the battles of the 8th and 9th of May
were fought; and here T cannot forbear to say, that
the crowning victory of that second day, as Crom-
well would have called it, not only shed its undy-
ing lustre upon the American flair, but disclosed
to our eyes one who has-never since been lost
sight of—one who, having earned upon successive
battle-fields a military*fume which gives him rank
with the greatest captains of any age, is about to
enter on a career which will cover him with as muqh
civic glory.
Whatever may be thoughtof the claim of Texas !:
to the Rio Grande as her western boundary, as ,
against Mexico, it must be seen that her ciaim, to
the full extent of her limits, as against the United :■
States, rests on the strongest ground. Our kite
treaty with Mcxico has put us Tn undisputed pos- j;
session of every foot of the territory claimed bv J
Texas in her contest with tluit Republic. The jj
western boundary claimed by Texas, before her an- !;
nexation to the United States—a boundary which j;
this Government, after her annexation, undertook |i
to assert and to secure by negotiation, and failing j
in that, occupied and held by force—a boundary jj
which we have compelled Mexico to admit—must ;!
be the boundary of Texas as one of the States of jl
this Union. There is no longer a party left to I1
dispute this boundary. Having extinguished the j:
claim of Mexico, Texas is left with a clear title to j:
the full extent of the limits which she defined and ,i
asserted as against that Republic. The Govern- \',
ment of the United States cannot appropriate to its :'
own use any part of the disputed territory. It re- ,j
served the right to adjust questions touching the i;
boundaries ofTexas with other governments. The !|
only question of boundary in which Texas was I1
interested has been settled by us in our late treaty jj
with Mexico; and thisGovernmentis nowestopped 'i
from saying anything against the claim of Texas |;
to the boundary which she originally marked out 11
for herself. So clear is this, that the President of (■
the United States, in a special message sent to this
House, m July last, distinctly and fully admits the i :
claim of Texas in ail its extent. I very well re- !■'
member, that a gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Duncan] addressed an argument to the House last I
summer—a short time before the adjournment of !
congress—in which he maintained the claim of U
Texas to her western boundary in the most clear,
satisfactory, and convincing manner; it is an argu-
ment which I think any gentleman holding different
opinions will find it difficult to answer.
These two questions, then—that respecting the
government of the territory which we have ac-
quired from Mexico, and that respecting the limits
of Texas—are kindred questions; Ihey ought to
be settled at the same time; otherwise, you trans-
feree dispute as to the boundaries of that State
to the new State which you propose to form out
of the territory which was involved in it while it
constituted a part of Mexico. At this moment the
subject is within your cqjk'ol. When States shall
have been formed and au^ntted, it will cease to be
so forever. I can conceive of no question more deli-
cate 'or more difficult than that of deciding between
the conflicting claims of sovereign States as to
domain. Yet this is the very question which you
are about to bring up, if, without defining the limits
of Texas, you proceed to form or admit a new
State, asserting its right to territory east of the Rio
Grande.
It is better to avoid this great question by wise
legislation, than to turn it over to the highest judi-
cial tribunal in our country for its decision, after
it shall have assumed the gravity of a dispute as
to domain between two sovereign States of this
Union. Let us give to the inhabitants of the ter-
ritory which we have lately acquired, a govern-
ment; let us declare and fix the limits of Texas.
Not only are the?e kindred questions—they are
distuibing questions. They have never ceased to
excite us since the admission of Texas. Is this
agitation, I ask, to go on? There are persons who
are deeply interested in keeping up this agitation.
Preferring tempest to tranquillity, they let loose
the winds from their caves to blow upon the great
deep; but, most fortunately, we, like "Neptune,
hold the trident which can still the wild waters,
let the winds blow ever so fiercely. Shall we
exert that power? Or shall we sit inactive m the
midst of such a scene?
Having observed no disposition in any quarter
of the House to move in a matter which is cer-
tainly formidable enough,-I brought forward two
bills which I tendered to the House, and desired to
submit to a select committee, which committee
might give them a candid, thorough, patient exam-
ination, and report upon them. I did it because I
believed there was merit enough in the proposition,
ifitcqpld be fairly brought before the House, to
give hope of its success. But before the proposi-
tion could be fairly exhibited—before even the
whole plan could be presented—the most violent
opposition was shown to it; and being unwilling to
stitfer one pait to go out unaccompanied by the
oth^r, I withdrew both bills, and shall offer them
as a .substitute for the bills reported from the Com-
mittee on Territories.
1 wish now, briefly, to exhibit the plan to which
I have referred, and which I think the proper one
for putting these questions forever at lest. I pro-
pose to authorize the people inhabiting that part of
California, west of the Sierra Nevada, to form a
constitution, and apply for admission as a State
into this Union. The boundaries of that State
would be these: lying on the Pacific, extending
eastward to the summit of the Sierra Nevada range
of mountains, it will have Oregon on the North,
while It will bend with the Sierra Nevada range
in a southwest direction, finding its southern limit
at the parallel of 34°30'; where, from an inspec-
tion of the map, it will be observed, that range of
mountains touches the Pacific Ocean. These are
natural boundaries; the waters at the southern base
of these mountains empty into different channels,
parting, as on a dividing ridge, and running north-
ward and southward. Within these limits may be
formed a State which, besides its great mineral
wealth, its beautiful and fertile valleys, and its de-
lightful climate, will own the finest harbors on the
Pacific coast. j
One of our own countrymcn, (Fremont,) whose '
genius and whose training eminently qualify him i
for the task of estimating the advantages of such a j
region, ^nd the fidelity of whose descriptions is !
unquestionable, says of that part of California: I
"West of Die Sierra Nevada, and between that mountain
and the sea, is tlie second grand division oi California, and !
the only pait to which the name applies in the current Jan- j
guage of the country, it is the occupied and inhabited pait,
and so different In character, so divided by the mountain I
!j wall of the Sierra from the Great BdMU above, as to consti-
; lute a region to it-<*lr, with a sfructuie and confignintion, a
j soil, climate, and productions, or ns own; and as Northern
' Persia may be referred to as some type of the former, so
, may lialv he retried to as some point of comparison for fhe
j latter. Norlh and south, fhe region embraces about ten de-
! grees of Jatiludej from 32a, where lr touches the pnnnmla
of California, to 42°, wheic it bounds to Oregon. East and
west from the Sierra ftavada to the sea. it wrli average, in
the middle parts, one hundred and fifty miles, in the n'orih-
ern parts two hundred, giving an area ofabove'one hundred
thotwand square miles."
(s Perhaps few parts of the world can produce in such per-
fection so great a variety of fruits and guuns as the large
and vaiiotis region enclosing the bay of tsan Francisco, and!
drained by its waters. A view of the map will show thai
legion and its greatextent, comprehending the enthe valleys
of the Sacramento and San Joaquin, and the whole western
, slope of the Sierra Nevada."
j This will give us some idea of what the State of
| California, with its appropriate boundaries, i3
likely to become.
! The territory not included within the limits of
that State, nor embraced within the boundaries of
Texas, as I propose to run them, may be governed
in such manner as Congress may prescribe, until
■ it contains sufficient population for a State.
I In defining the limits of Texas, I would cut ofF
from that State all her domain lying above the
j parallel of 38° 30' north latitude; a territory of
: great extent, which, it has been well stated by
; the gentleman from Kentucky, to whom I have
! already alluded, [Mr. Duncan,} is conceded to be
| large enough to form at least two States, ft is
j known to contain 43,537 square miles. Let the
1 northern boundary of Texas begin where the par-
I allel of 36° 30' cuts her eastern boundary; let it
I extend along that parallel, westward, to the sum-
: mit of the Sierra Nevada lange of mountains—al-
ready iixed on as marking the eastern limits of the?
! State of California—and thence, follow those lirn-
i its, to the Pacific Ocean. I would grant to Texas all.
1 the territory lately acquired from Mexico south of
| the northern boundary, which I have justsketched,
; subject to the conditions under which Texas was
, admitted into the Union. The joint resolution
! for annexing Texas to the United States, pro-
I vides, among other things, that 44 new States of
j 4 convenient size, not exceeding four in number,
! 4 in addition to said State of Texas, and having
j ' sufficient population, may hereafter, by consent
1 4 of said State, be formed out of the territory there-
, ' of, which shall be entitled to admission under the
j 4 provisions of the Federal Constitution. And
I c such States as may be formed out of that portion
| ' of said territory lying south of 36° 30', north
1 4 latitude, commonly known as the Missouri com-
■ 4 promise line, shall be admitted into the Union
, ' with or without slavery, as the people of each
i 5 State asking admission may desire. And in such
} 4 State or States as shall be formed out of such
I 4 territory north of said Missouri compromise
, Mine, slavery or involuntary servitude (except for
1 4 crimes) shall be prohibited."
i I would, of course, provide also, that all public
I lands within the territory thus granted to Texas
i should be reserved to the United States.
j These are the great features of the bills which I
1 wish to submit for the consideration of the com-
i mittee, and they agree, in the main, with those of
I the hill brought forwaid by the gentleman from
j Virginia, [Mr. Preston*.} at least, we both desire
j to relieve the inhabitants of the territory, which is
j the subject of our legislation, from territorial re-
| straints as soon as they are in circumstances to
| form and maintain a State government. We differ #
i upon the subject of boundaries: he would give the*
! vast region which has been ceded to us by Mex-
j ico, to the jurisdiction of the inhabitants now
; there, who are mainly concentrated in the neigh-
t borhood of San Fiaricisco, and authorize them to
1 create a State, stretching its authority over its
i whole extent, and regulating, by its laws, the
right of property for the people who are already
upon the soil, and who may hereafter make their
abode there. Now. sir, I am quite ready to con-
cede to the people of California proper—a commu-
nity residing west of the Sierra Nevada—the right
to form a State, with its proper boundaries; but I
j am not willing to allow them to stretch their juris-
| diction along the whole Pacific coast, and embrace
j within their limits the whole extent of the vast
| region lying outside of those proper boundaries—
j settling, in advance, the great questions now be-
l fore the country, and deciding, by their laws, upon
