184.9]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
105
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Governments for the Nexv Territories—Mr. Milliard.
Ho. of Reps,
the rights of our citizens who may wish hereafter
to reside there.
If the people of California proper are ready to
come into this Union as a State, let them.come in;
the bill which I have the honor to submit, provides
for their admission. But why should the vMhole
territory be subjected to their legislation? The
right of a people to establish a government for |
themselves—a great popular right, whicli I shall \
never deny—is one thing, and the extent of their j
domain is- quite another thing. It may be very |
important to allow the people west of the Sierra j
Nevada to exercise this right at this time; and I ]
desire that they shall exercise it speedily; but it ;
does not follow that it is wise or proper to allow ;
them to subject the whole extent of our lately ac- j
quired terrftory to their laws, for all time to come, j
.The very principle for which the gentleman con- j
tends would forbid this; for the grant of such a
power as he wishes to confer upon the inhabitants j
already in California would deprive future settlers ;
in oiher parts of our new territory of the right of j
establishing a government for themselves. j
The bill offered by the gentleman from Virginia \
depend, for the present, upon natural causes; and
refers it, hereafier, to the decision of the people
that may reside there. The right to decide this
question for themselves, is one of those great popu-
lar rights of which no one should desire to deprive
them. The States formed out of the territory
taken from Texas, lying north of 36° 30', would
exclude slavery; while those lying south of it ! 1
might tolerate or exclude it. But the great ad van- ''
tage secured by such a division the territory
would be, that a class of States lying below that
line, as well as thoset lying above it, would be
homogeneous in their character.
Let us now inquire into the comparative advan-
tages which the noithern and southern portions of
this Confederacy would derive from such an adjust-
ment of their conflicting claims. The number of
square miles in that part of the territory lately ceded
by Mexico to the United States, not embraced
within the limits claimed by Texas, is 526,078; of
this, New Mexico contains 77,387 square miles,
while California measures 448,691. It will at
once be seen what a disproportion would exist be-
tween the respective shares of the North and the
makes np provision respecting the limits ofTexas, ] South, if all California should be given to the for
but leaves the boundary of that State to be ascer- ;i merand New Mexico to the latter.
tained and fixed by the judicial tribunals of the j| By confining the limits of Texas within the par-
country. |i allel of 36° 30', an*d extending that line, as I propose
I wish, sir, as I have already said, to settle that jj to do, the North would hold possession of a part of
question; and, in defining the limits of Texas, !j the domain of Texas, amounting to 43,537 square
I would deal with her liberally. I would reward !j miles, of California 303,457 square miles, and of
the confidence with which she came into this Union jj New Mexico 33,898: in all, 380,892 square miles;
by a generous reception. I would treat her claims M while the South would receive, of California only
as a powerful Confederacy ought to treat the claims j; 145,234 square miles, of New Mexico 43,489
of a great State—a State heretofore sovereign and j! square miles: in all, 188,723 square miles—giving,
independent, and voluntarily subjecting herself to j! to the North an excess, under this division, of some
the authority of our Constitution. Do not, with
this State in your presence asserting her ancient
rights, turn her over to your courts, and instruct
them to look carefully into " the bond," and then
fix her limits within the narrowest bounds.
It will be seen, that the settlement which I
propose is an approximation to the Missouri com-
promise line; but there are important points of
difference. F
Senator from
gon bill, Texas was left in possession of her entire
domain, stretching up to the 42d parallel of lati-
tude; while the compromise line was extended to
the Pacific Ocean, cutting off the base of the State
of California lying within the boundaries which
I have described. Now, the bill which I offer cuts
off from Texas all her territory noith of the line
of 36° 30', and leaves the State of California m
possession ofitsenttrc territory, pursuinganatural
and great boundary until it enters the Pacific Ocean
200,000 square miles.
Let it be borne in mmd that the territory of!
Texas alone, which would be cut off to the North ||
by the line which I desire to draw, would be suffi- '
cfent to make six States, each one as large as the
State of Massachusetts; or a single State larger
than Ohio, and nearly as large as New York.
When you come to survey the fine harbors em-
By that line, as it was drawn by the |j braced within the proposed State of California,
i Illinois in his amendment to the Ore- especially that of San Francisco, which, in the |j
language of one of our naval officers, is large j
enough to contain all the shipping of the world; |
when you come to consider the mineral wealth of |
that region, its productive soil and its beautiful \
mountain slopes,you perceive thattheNorthwo^ild j
receive the lion's share, while the South would i
hold but a small part of the Pacific coast, embracing j
the inconsiderable harbor of San Diego. Fremont j
says the "Bay of San Francisco has been cele- ;
4 brated, from the time of its first discovery, as j
4 one of the finest in the woilu, and is justly en- '
at the paivllel of 34° 30 north latitude. ,   — . , ri
So far as slavery is concerned, it is conceded that i; 4 titled to that character, even under the seaman s j:
it will never enter any part of the'terntory lying 4 view of a mere harbor. But when all the acces- J
4 sory advantages which belong to it—fertile and ||
4 picturesque dependent country; mildness and |]
4 salubrity of climate; connection with the gieat ]
4 interior valley of the Sacramento and San Joa-
4 quiri; its vast resources for ship timber, grain, jj
4 and cattle;—when these advantages ate taken into |j
4 the account, with its geographical position on the jj
4 line of communication with Asia, it rises into an i
4 importance far above that of a mere haibor, and ,1
4 deserves a particular notice in any account of ^
' maritime California. Its latitudinal position is !
4 that of Lisbon; its climate, that of southern Italy;
4 settlements upon it for more than half a century
4 attest its healthiness; bold shores and mountains
4 give it grandeur; the extent and fertility of its
'dependent countiy give it great resources for
4 a^ricultuie, commerce, and population."
Add to this extensive and important region
' (which, under the plan of adjustment we are now
' considering, goes to the North, increasing its mar-
I itime power) Oregon, with its341,46/ square miles,
i you find, that the domain recently acquired on the
i Pacific, by that section of the Union, is ovcrshad-
1 owing.
-This brings me to a part of the question which
I desire to press upon the consideiation of this
committee with earnestness. Is it intended to ex-
I elude the South from all participation inouracqui-
! sition upon the Pacific coast? Will the North,
I with its vast Atlantic possessions, and its vast Pa-
: cific acquisitions, insist upon sbutlmgoutthe South
! forever from all participation in the benefits of this
any par1
above 36° 30', not embraced within the contem-
plated State of California; while no one doubts that
the State of California, when organized, will pro- j
hibit its introduction. That part of the territory j-
granted to Texas will be covered with a popula- ;;
tion who will tolerate or exclude slavery, as the j;
soil, the climate, the relative situation of that j!
region, and the wishes of its inhabitants may de- ;
termine; referring that question to the decision of i
the people of the States hereafter to be formed j
there. I suppose it is admitted thatTexas will, at |
some day, be subdivided into several States. By I
the resolution of annexation, it was provided that '
this should take place with the consent of Texas, ,
when her territory contained a sufficient popula- j
tion. 1 am willing to rely upon the patriotic spirit j
of the people of that State for their consent to this :
arrangement; if other gentlemen are not, it may be
specially provided for in this bill, by making it a
condition precedent of this extension of her limits,
that this subdivision is to be made by the Govern-
ment of the United States at some proper time, to
be judged of by Congress, out of territory lying
north of the Ensenado. Gentlemen representing
States interested in the exclusion of slavery from
all territory belonging to the United States may,
it seems to me, readily consent to vote for this
measure. It takes from Texas a large part of her
domain, for the loss of which she is compensated
by an extension of her western boundary. It does
not establish slavery within any part of the new
territory subjected to the jurisdiction ofTexas; but
leaves the existence of that description of labor to
Cannot
our institutions, which we brought into the "Con-,
federacy with us, and about which the Constitu-
tion, from the very first hour of its existence—
springing into being, like Minerva, full-grown-—
threw its protecting eegis,—cannot these institu-
tions be carried there with us? Are we to be now
excluded, thus settling forever the political ques-
tion, that^the South can have no share in the. ac-
quisitions which may hereafter be made along the
Pacific coast?—swelling the already vast power of
the North, and making the disproportion against
the South still greater.
I do not allow myself to entertain any jealousy
of the North. On the contrary, I rejoice in the
prosperity of that part of my country. I gloiy in
tl\e great qualities of New England, for instance—
qualities which have covercd rock-girt regions and
a reluctant soil with every exhibition which wealth,
and genius, and civilization can furnish—qualities
which have been gloriously displayed both -in
peace and in war—qualities which have enable^
her to carry the flag of our country in triumph "
over the ocean, whether against British vessels,
bristling with guns and bearing the cross of St. *
George, or in the quiet pursuit of a peaceful com-
merce, or following the whale into the Arctic seas.
These are qualities in which I claim a participation.
They do not belong to New England, they belong
to the. whole country. But, while I make this ad-
mission—it is not an admission—while I proclaim
this sentiment with all the warmth of my heart, I
desire to say with equal sincerity, that in my judg-
ment the balance of power which has heretofore
been maintained by the two great sections of our
Confederacy, is essential to wise and conservative
legislation, and to the preservation of our institu-
tions. Firmly believing this—it is from no hostil-
ity to the North, it is from a profound conviction
that the best interests of the whole country demand
that this equipoise, if possible, shall be maintained
—believing this, as 1 do, I cannot give my consent
to any policy which shall strengthen the dispro-
portion against the South, or make the influence
of the North still more powerful. If any bill is to
pass this body by which the South is to be shut
out from all participation in our late acquisitions,
that bill must pass without my aid.
Mr. Chairman, I am about to make a statement
which may be thought to have the demerit of too
much frankness. 1 shall make it in all candor.
There is a domestic institution in the South which
m some sort insulates us from all mankind. The
civilized world is against us. I know it; I com-
prehend it; I feel it. A sentiment which took its
birth in England, which 1ms since spread-over the
continent of Europe, which now covers a large
proportion of our own country—that sentiment,
gathering strength with every advancing year,
threatens to overwhelm us. The tide has been
rising higher and higher, until, sir, we begin to
feel the spray breaking over the very embank-
j ments which surround us. Our moral condition
; at the South resembles the physical condition of
| Holland, where dikes, thrown up by tim ingenuity
■ of man, hardly protect the habitations of mail
! against the incursions of the sea. if the South
i vveic in a commanding position, I should be will-
> ing to concede much; but because of her \ery
1 weakness, I shall stand by her to the last. My
! eyes first beheld the light there, and there my eyes
i shall close upon it. 1 was nurtured m the bosom
| of the South, and I wish to rest in her bosom when
! this consciousntss is at an end, and this form is
J wasting in the dust. No change of circumstances,
no overwhelming power arrayed against her, no
i decline of her fortunes, can ever induce me, for
■ one, to forget or to forsake her.
' "For, though the ear be ali unstrung,
j ttiil, it. loves the louianu tongue."
; Holding the opinions that 1 do—representing a
[ people thus invested by the civilized woild—I can-
! not consent, for one 'single moment, to abandon
! any part of their claims. Before I consent, by
j uny act or vote of mine, to surrender one jot or
| one tittle of the rights or the honor or the glory of
s the South, 44 my right hand shall forget its cunning,
and my tongue cleave to the roof of my mouth."
I know that the gentlemen who surround me from
the other portions of the Confederacy respect me
the more for the sentiment. If the South cannot
! ieiy upon us to uigc her claims and vindicate her
j honors where, in all the eaitb, can she look lor
