106
APPENDIXTO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 10,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Governments for the New Territories—Mr. Hilliard.
Ho. of Reps.
advocates? No; representing a people invested
as we are, I can never give my consent to any
measure which diminishes any portion of their
rights.
I have already, Mr. Chairman, shown the points
of resemblance and the points of difference between
the bill offered by the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Preston] and the measure which I have
the honor to submit. Now, I intend, throughout
this entire speech, to use the utmost frankness. If
the whole territory ceded to us by Mexico is ma(Je
intoone State—as thatgentleman proposes it shall
be—then this question , for which we have all along
been contending, is-decided against us. Who does
not see it? "Who does not comprehend it? The
very regiment first sent out by the President of the
United States—that from New York—would have
deeided it against us long ago; and if you leave it
to the people now there to settle this question, it
is forever gone. I see it too well to doubt it for a
single moment. If we have been contending for
any substantial right, it is to be given up. I do
not know that we can do better; the time for pro-
tecting the South was when the treaty was before
the Senate. There was the field upon which our
rights might have been maintained; and since that
fortunate hour has been suffered to go by, it may
be that it is too late to retrieve our fortunes. But
I do not hesitate to say—in full view of my friend,
[Mr. Preston,] and with perfect respect for his
patriotism as well as his intellect—that if we accept
the bill of the gentleman, we shall be in circum-
stances precisely similar to those in which Francis
I. found himself after the battle of Pavia; and in
writing to our constituents, we may employ the
very language which he addressed to his mother.
"All is lost save our honor." Who questions
this? I admit that our honor is woi'th all the rest.
But wht> docs not perceive, that to make a single
State out of this new territory, and to allow the
people there to-day, inhabiting a part of the terri-
tory, to legislate for the whole of it—to subject its
entire extent to their exclusive jurisdiction—to
allow them to decide upon the question of slavery
or no slavery, is substantially to abandon every-
thing which the South has heretofore claimed? I
do not desire to influence the votes of gentlemen
either from the South or the North; let them take
the question on their own responsibility; but I
frankly give my view of the effects of the bill which
the gentleman proposes.
It is said that slave labor can never be carried
profitably into that region. Why, then, 1 ask,
seek to exclude it by odious legislation? What
patriotic motive—what high consideration—what
generous impulse, can uige gentlemen to press
upon us an offensive measure, in advance of an
exclusion which, they insist, will be as certainly
secured by the existing laws of natuie? it is
nothing slioit of bigotry—mere blind bigotry—
which, m the language of an Irish orator, "has
no head, and cannot think—has no heart, and can-
not feel." Why urge a measure of this sort ? Why
not leave to the laws of nature what the laws of
nature will surely accomplish ?
There can be no objection to the size of the State
of Texas with the boundaries which I propose for
it, that does not apply with equal force to the State
of California, which the gentleman from Virginia
proposes to create. If it be said that Texas will
be too large, with this extension of her bounda-
. ries, I would ask, if California will not be too
large, covering the vast region which is to be cm-
braced witlun its limits ? Do you object to extend-
ing the boundary of Texas to the Pacific? You
must, then, also object to extending the bounda-
ries of California from the Pacific to the limits of
Texas. Let it be borne in mind, that this is to be
a temporary arrangement; that the new territory
which I propose to give to Texas is to be sub-
divided hereafter into States. I regard it as a
limited subjection to the jurisdiction of Texas—a
subjection which will cease when it possesses a
sufficient population to foim a separate State. Vir-
ginia was once a State vast m extent; so was
Georgia; but both these great States, animated by
patriotic motives, have sun endeied a large amount
of their territorial possessions. Texas will follow
their example.
Neither can there be any objection to altering
the boundary of California or New Mexico. Mex-
ican provinces have no fixed boundaries like our
States, but are modified or subdivided to suit the
convenience of the supreme power.
I confess, sir, my desire to secure the vast region
which we have recently acquired by treaty, and to
see it embraced within the Union as an integral
part of our domain. We may spread our system
of government with perfect safety. Our progress
is pacific. It grows out of the inherent energy of
our people, and the character of our institutions.
The progress of the Roman Empire was military;
the weight of its chariot wheel crushed every-
thing in its course; tribes, provinces, nations, were
subdued by the force of arms, and were held in
subjection by resistless power. When they re-
covered strength, they threw off the yoke, and
turned their spears against their oppressors. Such
a system lost its strength by extension. A decay
of the central power suffered the remote posses-
sions to feel their independence and assert their
liberty; and an empire built up by arms, covering
the civilized world, makmg a single city the seat
of boundless imperial power, fell by its own weight.
The very principle upon which the structure was
raised, announced the certainty of its destruction.
Our system, too, is a representative lepublic, local
in one respect, and federal in another. In the
philosophical language of Montesquieu—quoted
with approbation by Alexander Hamilton, who
was one of the first, if not the first statesman to
whom this country has given birth—" A confed-
' erat'e republic has all the internal advantages of
' a republican, together with the external force of
' a monarchical government. As this government is
' composed ofsmall republics, it enjoys the internal
' happiness of each; and with respect to its external
' situation, it is possessed, by means of the associ-
' ation, of all the advantages of large monarchies."
We can afford to spread a government over this
entire continent—at least so much as belongs to
us—without the slightest apprehension of internal
disorders, or of dissolution. The truth is, we find
our strength in our union. Neighboring States are
rival States. I have seen it recently stated, that
the wars of the time of Louis XIV., and since, are,
at this day, an annual charge upon the States of
Europe of five hundred millions of dollars, besides
several millions more, which must be taken into
the account, for maintaining standing armies to
protect themselves against each other. Who de-
sires to see such a state of things upon this conti-
nent ? Who would give away any portion of our
territory ? Some of the very considerations which
induce me to maintain the Union as it is now,
would induce me to embrace within the Union all
the territories which belong to us. I am, therefore,
opposed to the idea, which I have heard thrown out
in conversation—and sometimes expressed where
the gravity and dignity of a speech go with it—the
idea of cutting off any part of this territory which
now belongs to us, so as to make an independent
republic. A Senator, distinguished for his intellect
and his learning, [Mr. Benion,] said, I believe, in
a speech delivered by him some years since, that
" he desired to see the god Terminus placed on the
' summit of the Rocky Mountains, marking the
i ' boundary between the two republics—an Atlantic
j ' republic, and a Pacific republic." I do not, for
i a moment, participate in the sentiment. It does
{ not meet my approbation on any single principle;
and I am happy to see that distinguished Senator
himself now urging the construction of a great
national highway across the continent. The dan-
J ger of border wais, conflicting commercial sys-
tems, rival interests, all forbid the existence of un
| independent kindred State; the national safety,
1 national tranquillity, and national glory, all de-
i mand an extension of our political system over
our entire domain. I trust that " the god Termi-
i nus" will never stand on the Rocky Mountains, or
j on the Sierra Nevada; but that he will sink under
I the placid waves of the Pacific, and that our Gov-
. ernment will be outspread over the entire region
; which belongs to us. I desire to realize the picture
i of one people extending from the St. Lawrence to
tlio' Gu!f of Mexico, and from the Atlantic to the
Pacific, living under the same laws, speaking the
same language, professing the same religious faith,
bearing the same national standard, calling up the
' same glorious recollections, and looking forward
j to the same glorious hopes. This is what I de-
j sire to see realized. The sun, in his course,
1 has looked down upon many a glorious exhibi-
tion of commercial wealth and political power;
he has seen the Assyrian, the Macedonian, and
the Roman empires rise and fall; he sees, to-day,
the British empire in the full pride of its power;
but never, in his whole course, has he turned his
burning vision upon a spectacle of commercial
wealth, political power, and national glory, like
that which this country will present when we have
carried our institutions over our entire domain.
For one, I desire to realize it, and to realize it as
speedily as possible.
There is, in m.y judgment, agreat advantage to be
derived by the American nation from the acqui-
sition of California, as an essential and permanent
portion of this Republic. I do not speak of its
mineral wealth. 1 allude to considerations far
more important—I mean its harbors. We need
harbors on the Pacific coast. We must have theTn;
and California, as it happens, presents the finest
the world has ever seen. I have already referred
to the harbor of Sam Francisco. Before we pro-
nounce this to be a smalt acquisition,—for I can-
not consent to view it in a party light, opposed as
I was to the acquisition of territory, and to making
war upon a feeble people; opposed as I was to'it,
I regard the question as now settled, and I am pre-
pared to estimate the full value of the acquisition,—
we must look to the trade with Asia; we must
look to the gainful traffic of the Eastern Archipel-
ago and of China, before we pronounce this a light
or trifling acquisition. The time is not far distant
when we shall import into California the muslins,
silks, teas, and other commodities of great value pro-
duced by China. The time is not far distant when
the neighboring islands will be covered with an in-
dustrious and civilized population, consuming our
products and exchanging their commodities with us.
The time is not far distant when our Eastern
trade, now carried on with Asia at great risk,
running the gauntlet of'the British naval posts,
will be transferred to the tranquil bosom of the
Pacific, and be conducted in comparative security.
The time is not far distant when an idea will be
realized which I remember to have thrown out in
the first speech I ever made on this floor: we shall
have a railroad running through our entire domain,
connecting the East with the West, and the trade
and travel of the whole world will be turned across
this road, through our western poits, into the
Pacific. I confess I value an acquisition which
brings to us a promise of this sort; and, for one,
I shall do all in my power—as Mexico has lost
the territory, as it is now in our possession—to-
wards securing it, and making it a permanent part
f>{ our possessions. When the institutions of this
country are thus carried out; when our religion,
and laws, and civilization, are seated on the shores
of the Pacific; when they begin to spread their
splendor over the neighboring islands and upon
the distant East; then, I say, this country will
present a picture which the philanthropist, the
statesman, and the Christian, may contemplate
with unmixed delight. Let it come in our time—•
the sooner the better. I earnestly desire it may all
be realized.
But while I have_this feeling, in all the strength
with which I have expressed it, at the same time
I do not hesitate to say that I prefer the Union of
these States to any increase of wealth, or any ac-
cession of power. I love old alliances too well to
seek new ones at the expense of the old. Highly
as I value California, glorious as is the picture
which the future presents, I would cast it all away,
as my eloquent friend from Indiana [Mr. Thomp-
son] said the other day, rather than put m peril
this Union as it exists to-day.
Sir, 1 do not regard the Union as in any danger.
Far from it. But the time may come when the
fraternal feeling which gives this Union all its
value may be destroyed. The time may come
when the lofty patriotism which now pervades the
American bosom, and makes the American feel—
whether treading the Rills of New England, the
plains of the South, or the prairies of the West—
"This is my own, my native land,"
may expire—when everything like patriotism shall
be lo!jt,and national glory and national power shall
be maintained at the sacrifice of that sentiment which
first brought these kindred States into voluntary
and cordial union.
1 have already said that I am a southern man by
birth, by rearing, by allegiance, by all the mighty
