/'
108
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 17,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Slavery in the Territories—Mr. JLahm.
Ho. or Reps.
- In the case oj Forbes vs. Cochran, (2d Barnwell
and Cresswell, 448,) Justice Bayley remarked:
"Slavery is a local law, and therefore, if a man wishes to
preserve hi*, staves, let him attach them to him by affection,
or make fast the bars of their prison, or rivet well their
chains j" for the instant they go beyond the limits where
slavery is reeognized by the local laws, they hHve broken
tb«ir chains3 they have escaped from their prison, they are
free."
. This has been the doctrine of the English courts
for near one^hundred years; and it is certainly no
u less strange to hear gentlemen call in question the
validity of this doctrine, than it is to hear others
call in question the validity of laws creating the
relation of master and slave.
- But, sir, the doctrine that slavery is a mere local
institution, depending for its existence solely and
exclusively upon the laws and constitutions of the
States in winch it is sanctioned, and that the-slave
becomes free so soon as he gets beyond the juris-
diction of the laws by which he is held in servi-
tude, is not only recognized by the English courts,
but it is equally as well settled and acquiesced in
by all our own couits, both State and Federal.
The Supreme Court of Mississippi has declared
.that slavery does not exist by the laws of nature,
•^Vbut that it exists, and can only exisi, through mu-
i^fueipal regulations,"—Harvey vs. Decker et. al.y
- Walker's Reports^ page 36.
The same coui t, in Jones's case, declared that,
*'In the Constitution of the United States, slaves
* are expressly designated as persons, and that the
* right of the master exists, not by force of the law
i of nature or of nations) but by virtue only of the pos-
i itive law of the Slate."—Walker's Reports^p. 83.
In the case of Lunsfotd vs. Coquillon, the Su-
preme Qourt of Louisiana declared that " the rela-
4 tion of owner and slave in the States of this Union,
Mn which it has'a legal existence, is a creature of
4 the municipal law."—1 ^Martin's Reports^ p. 404.
The Supreme Court of Kentucky have declared
that "slavery is sanctioned by the laws of this
* State, but we consider that as a right existing by
'a positive law of a municipal character, without
i foundation in the law of nature."
In the great case' of Groves vs. Slaughter, in
which the character of property in slaves was be-
fore the court, Justice McLeanvmade use of this
emphatic language:
" Th«eharnetet of property is given them by the local law.
Thin law i« ic^pected, and all rights undei H are protected
by the Federal authorities; hut the Constitution acts upon
slaves us persons, and not a  ptopmy."
Again:
" The potter over slavery belongs to the States respect-
ively. Ii is local in it* clMiacter and in it* eiieets;.''
Mr. Walker, the pi esent Secretary of the Treas-
ury, in his celebrated argument in that case, uses
this language:
" Wo say tin; character of merchandise, oi piopcrfy, is at-
tached to negioet, not by any gt(uit o! power in the Confuta-
tion ol the United State?, but hy viilue of the positive Lav ot
the States in which Uiey are lound." " The i elation ot mas-
ter and slave, of master and apprentice, of owner and re-
deiupiionrr, of pmWiasei and convict sold, ot ^uaiihun and
ward, husband and wile, patent and child, are all relations
depending exclusively on the municipal legulaiions or each
St-it':." " The mastet ha  the nirhi (nut ere.ited by the Con-
stitution ot the United Siatts, or to he re<nilated by it, but
created and regulated by State laws) to the set vices ot the
s-l.ive lor hie, Ike thue pretenbed by tiie lays oj (he Slate."
"The muster has no nghtto the fta-h and blood, ihe hones
and smews of any man in the South; this is an abolition
slander, and the right is to the seivices of the slave, so de-
clared e\.[m,.-,^y in the laws or the South, and so recognised
in tue Constitution of the Untied Stales, where slaves me
described a- 'persons bound to service or labor > and so unan-
imously decided hy the highest court ot our State. ~Jcmcsk
cute, }V<dL,:r's Mississippi Reports, £3.
"The imht of tin.* master is to the services of the &lave—a
right accruing ouij hy virtue of the law ol the State, and upon
tne term*, theiein piesenbed."
"Slavery is a local iiwMuiion, exiting not bv virtue of
the law ofnaions, or ot nature, or of the common law, but
only by the authoiity of the municipal law of the State in
which it exibtf."
The same principles are maintained in the case
of Prigg against the Commonwealth of Pennsyl-
vania, all going to the point that slavery is a mere
local institution, depending for its existence solely
and exclusively upon the laws and constitutions of
the States; and that the character of property ip
given them only by municipal regulation. Take
from it this support, and you leave it not a single
pillar to lest upon. TheConstitution of the Union
neither strengthens nor weakens the title to it. De-
stroy the Constitution, and slavery remains as it
is, and where it is, exclusively under the control
of State legislation, where it was previous to the
adoption of the Constitution.
But, sir, if any further argument were necessary
upon this point, I might refer to that oft-talked-of
article of the Constitution which provides for the
delivery of fugitives from labor. In it, slaves are
spoken of not as property made so by the laws of
nations, of nature, or even of the common law, but
as u persons held to service or labor in one State,
under the laws thereof." Yes, sir, only as persons
held to service or labor under and by virtue of the laws
of the State from which they escape; and it was
only in consideration of the fact that by the laws
of the States such labor was due, that the Consti-
tution provided that they "shall be delivered up
on claim of the party to whom such service or
labor is due.55 Sir, this is the extent of the recog-
nition of property in slaves by the Constitution.
It recognizes the fact that by the laws of some
States, certain persons were held to service or labor;
but it does not recognize property in their persons.
Sir, the Convention heeded well the admonition of
Mr. Madison, when he said he "thought it wrong to
admit m the Constitution the idea that there could
be property in man." i repeat, then, that the Con-
stitution dues not recognize slaves as property, but
simply as persons held to service or labor by the
laws of the States in which slavery is sanctioned.
It recognizes the fact of the existence of such laws,
hut neither strengthens nor weakens the title to that
species of property, any further than is done by
that provision which relaxes to their delivery on
claim to their owner. Here I am willing to leave
the subject, treating it as a peculiar local institu-
tion, depending for its existence upon State legis-
lation. Yet, sir, while I leave it here, where the
compromises of the Constitution have placed it, and
where I have no right to interfere with it, still,
were it before me as an original question, I would
adopt the language of Mr. Madison, and say, that
" man cannot have property m man;" and in the
eloquent language of a distinguished English states-
man, I would add, "Tell me not of rights—talk
' not of the property of the planter in his slaves. I
' deny the right—I acknowledge not the property.
$ In vain you tell me of laws that sanction such a
' claim. There is a law above all the enactments
* of human codes, the same throughout the world,
{the same in all times : it is the law written by the
''finger of God upon the heart of man; and by
' that law, unchangeable and eternal, while men
' despise ltaud,und loathe rapine, and abhor blood,
' they shall reject with indignation the wild and
' guilty fantasy, that « man can hold property in
4 man.'"
And now having disposed of the question, under
my first proposition, and shown that the mstitu-
'! tion of slavery is strictly local in its character,
• and that the people ot the South have no prop-
! erty m their slaves, except that which is created
; by the positive laws of the States in which it exists,
and over which laws we have no control—they
being subject only to the action of State legislation,
and their validity in the States having been recog-
nized by the Constitution—I propose to discuss
the question under my second proposition, and
inquire what the compromises of the Constitution
are in regard to the subject.
Mr. Chairman, whenever this subject has been
under discussion, theie has been so much said
about the compromises of the Constitution in re-
gard to it, that to one who had merely heard the
discussion, without having examined that sacred
instrument, it would seem that it had been adopted
and ratified, not for the purposes declared m the
preamble, prominent among which was, to "se-
cure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our
posterity," but solely for the purpose of securing
to the people of the South the perpetuity of a local, ;
demoralizing institution, which, in this enlightened !
age of the world, is condemned by all Christen-'1
dom, and the continuation of which in the States !
is only justified or excused on the plea of neces- I
sity, and from a well-founded opinion or appie- i
hension that emancipation would be followed by ,
greater evils than would result from its continu- '
ance. Sir, I have no disposition to interfeie with ■
the compromises of the Constitution. I trust that
the people of the non-slaveholding States will re- j
hgiously and in good faith adhere to them; they
• j were the best that the friends of freedom could I
11 obtain at the time; and although they all yield I.
something to slavery, yet, combined, they do not
yield as much as is claimed by gentlemen from the
South.
Mr. Chairman, what are the compromises of the
Constitution in regard to this institution? In a
celebrated address, which has recently emanated
from a conclave of southern politicians, they are
said to be embodied in substance in the following
five provisions:
1. That representatives and direct taxes shall be
apportioned among the States according to their
respective numbers; and that, in ascertaining the
number of such, five slaves shall be estimated as
three.
2. That slaves escaping into States wheie sla-
very does not exist, shall not be discharged from
servitude, but shall be delivered up on claim of
the party to whom their labor or service is due.
3. That Congress shall not prohibit the import-
ation of slaves before the year 1808; but a tax not
exceeding ten dollars may be imposed on each
imported.
4. That no capitation or direct tax shall be laid
but in proportion to Federal numbers; and
5. That no amendment of the Constitution,
prior to 1808, shall affect the last provision, nor
that relating to the importation of siaves.
And, sir, we are further informed by this very
patriotic body of gentlemen convened in secret con-
clave, that:
"So satisfactory were these provisions, that the second,
relative to the delivering up of nigitive slaves, was adopted
unanimously, and all the rest, except the ihird, relative
to the importation of slaves until Jb08, with almost equal
unamimity."
Sir, this may all be true, and I am willing to.
admit that the five provisions of the Constitution,
thus substantially set forth in this address, embody
all the express provisions and compromises in re-
gard to the institution of slavery; but there is still
one further compromise which runs through all the
rest, and which these gentlemen did not see proper
to explain to their constituents, and it consists in
this, thatalthough'fhe institution of slavery is recog-
nized as existing by virtue of State legislation, yet
in the Constitution itself, slaves are not only not
recognized as property, but in every section in
which they are spoken of, or at all alluded to,
they are designated not as property—no, not even
as slaves—but in the capacity-and character alone
of ''persons." Sir, this.was an important com-
promise. It was one without which the Constitu-
tion-could never have been ratified. By it was
excluded from that sacred instrument, " the wild
and guilty fantasy, that man couid have property
iif man."
Mr. Chairman, the question has frequently been
asked upon this floor by southern gentlemen, and
among others the honorable member from Mis-
sissippi, [Governor Brown,] whether the Consti-
tution created property in, or gave, title to, any
ii other article of property.'1—to horses and cattle, if
,| you choose? I answer these gentlemen, that it
|| does not, so far as any of the commonly known
j| and universally recognized articles of property are
11 concerned. It is not necessary that it should; such
|| articles aie considered property wherever lound.
|j The law of nature, of nations, ami the common
!i law, make them property, and it only requires
!| legislation to make that property which is not
,j universally conceded to be property. Hence the
;| necessity of legislation on the subjectof copyrights,
j! patent lights, slavery, &c. But when gentlemen
|; claim that slaves are as much property under the
j Constitution asarehorses and cattle, they had better
, be mindful of the fact that "he who lives by the
: sword "to-day may die by the sword to-morrow."
| The doctrine of the Abolitionists is, that slaves are
j property; that they ate the subjects of commercial
; regulation; and that it is the duty of Congress to ..
J regulate the mter-State slave trade, under its ex-
I elusive power to regulate "commerce among the
, States," Aie gentlemen of the South willing to
; concede this to Abolitionism ? If not, beware how
, you contend that, by virtue of the Constitution,
' slaves are property.
j Mr. Chairman, the first compromise of the Con-
! stitution in regard to slavery, set forth in the south-,*
ern or Calhoun address, is that which relates to
representation and taxation. In the Constitution
it is in these words:
" Representatives and direct taxes shall- be apportioned
among the several States whwii may be included witiua this.
