1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
111
30th Cong 2d Sess.
The North and the South—Mr. Bedinger.
Ho. of Reps.
fathers, it ought to be, solid and entire, the Con-
stitution of their descendants. -Again, in further
speaking of this provision, the Address continues:
" It constitutes an essential part of the constitutional com-
pact, and of course of the supreme law of the land. As such,
jt is bindingon all Federal and State governments, the States
and the individuals composing them. The sacred obligation
of compact, and the solemn injunction of the supreme law,
which legislators and judges, both Federal and £tate, are
bound by oatU to support, all unite to enforce its fulfillment,
according to its plain meaning and true intent."
All this is right; and I have already shown that
the people of the North are engaged in carrying
out the provision in strict accordance with " its
plain meaning and true intent,*5 as given them by
the court, in the very decision from which t!.<;
Address has copiously drawn to prove the " im-
portance and clearness of the provision."
Sir, this decision is correct. I would be the last
man to controvert any of its positions. They have
never been controverted by any individual or any
court. They are in strict accordance with the
Constitution; and though not made in what are
said to have been the better days of the Republic,
yet they are none the less correct for that.
There is one other part of this Address to which
I wish to direct the attention of the country: it is
thafwhich " alludes to secret combinations, believed
to exist in most, if not all, the northern States
adjacent to the South, whose object is, to entice,
decoy, entrap, inveigle, and seduce slaves to es-
cape from their masters, and to pass them secretly
and rapidly, by means organized for the purpose,
into Canada.55 Sir, I have frequently heard this
charge made by southern gentlemen, here and else-
where; and I know not what secret combinations
may exist in other States; but I can assure gentlemen*
there are no such organized combinations in Ohio.
I don't believe that they exist in any State of the
Union. Tlie people of Ohio, I know, would not
countenance them; and there is every reason to
„ believe that they would receive no sympathy from
the great mass of the people of the North any-
where. There may be isolated individuals, even
in Ohio, and in other States, who would give every
assistance in their power to aid a runaway slave
in making, an escape, and getting beyond the reach
of his owner—men who would even be willing to
violate the laws, if by that means they could ac-
complish their objects; but, sir, they are -few in
number; they do not constitute secret combina-
tions, neither do the people of Ohio <*look on
* and witness, with indifference and secret appro-
* bation, a great number of slaves enticed from
* their masters, and placed beyond the possibility
' of recovery.55 Sir, so far as Ohio is concerned,
there is no truth in the charge. Gentlemen cannot
name the combinations that are thus engaged in
violating the laws. Should there be any; our
courts are open as well for the people of the South
as for the citizens of' our own State, and we have
not even passed a law prohibiting our magistrates
from taking jurisdiction in cases under the law
providing for the recapture of slaves.
Mr. Chairman, I have done with this Address; I
have not spoken of that part which treats of the
rights of the South in connection with the territo-
ries. 1 have confined my remarks to that part
which speaks of the compromises of the Constitu-
tion and of the violations of those compromises by
the people of the North. I have spoken of it in
terms appropriate to its character. 1 believe it was
sent forth to the people of the South, with a view
to irritate them against the North, and increase, if
possible, the bitterness and violence of that sec-
tionaWfeeling which is at this moment shaking the
Union to its very center. The motives which in-
duced it, have in my opinion, no affinity to the
high and lofty patriotism which governed the ac-
tions of men " in the better days of the Republic."
Sir, there are master-spirits in the South, as well
as there may be in the North, who now are in
favor of a dissolution of this glorious Union. I
have no apprehension that such a result can be
brought about. There is too much patriotism with
the people of every section of the country, to per-
mit us even to entertain a doubt as to the final
result of this great controversy. The Union may
be even more violently convulsed than it now is,
or ever has been; but the ligaments which bind it
together will prove equal to the crisis, and the
storm which now surrounds us, having exhausted
its force, will be succeedcd by that same calm and
quiet which has ever followed the settlement of
this question.
But, sir, if in this I be mistaken; if there be", as
was intimated the other day by the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Turner,*] a secret plot on foot
for a dissolution of this our glorious Union; if the
people of the South will suffer themselves to be
led away under an ill-founded apprehension that
, their " peculiar rights'5 are not secure under the
protecting segis of the Constitution, and will suffer
I slavery to be made the instrument for the over-
throw of this the most noble political structure ever
built up by the hands of man—the pride of America,
and the wonder of the world; they had better be-
ware, that on the day they announce the Union at
an end, they do not send forth a decree as certain
as any that ever emanated from the Almighty,
proclaiming freedom to every slave in the South.
THE NORTH AND THE SOUTp.
SPEECH OF MR. H. BEDINGER,
OF VIRGINIA,
In the House of Representatives,
February 16, 1849,
In Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Cabell, of Florida, in the chair,)
on the bill to carry into effect the Treaty of Peace
with Mexico.
Mr. BEDINGER said: '
Mr. Chairman: I have been edified and very
much entertained by the speech which the gentle-
man from New Hampshire [Mr. Wilson] has
this moment delivered; for declamation, when it
is good, is often very entertaining, even though it
be as barren of argument and as destitute of facts,
as he would have us believe the soil which is
" cursed" with slavery is barren and destitute of
every product calculated to improve the condition
of mankind. The gentleman denounced slavery
as a curse, but he did not pause to prove it such;
j and, if I mistake not, I shall, before I conclude, sat-
| isfy those who hear me, that the gentleman's bold
: assertion has nothing to sustain it but ignorance
11 and prejudice.
j I would gladly see this exciting subject put to
; rest forever. It never would.have been opened by
gentlemen from the South, and I am sure that I
misrepresent none of the representatives from slave-
holding communities when I say, that they are all
willing, if permitted to do so, to abandon now and
foiever the whole subject, and never again to recur
to it in this Souse. This is the fourth session of
Congress that I have had the honor of a seat upon
this floor, and I am sure, sir, that in all that time
I have never known a discussion upon the subject
of slavery to have been commenced by a gentle-
man representing a slaveholdmg constituency. We
are satisfied with that institution as it exists
amongst us; and all that we ask of northern inter-
ference is, that it will cease, that it will let us
alone, and suffer us to enjoy the blessing, or the
"curse,if they choose to call it so, of slavery, f
without its uncalled-for and unwarranted med- j
dling. We ask for nothing but justice, and to be 1
suffered to enjoy the rights and privileges which !
the Constitution of our common country guaran- j
ties to us. j
We have acquired new and immensely valuable \
territory by the united exertions of our whole peo- '
pie. Shall all be permitted to share it, or shall a
portion be excluded unless they will consent to
restrictions and provisoes, in direct violation of the
Constitution, and at variance with every sentiment
of justice and equality? That is the whole ques- !
tion, sir, by which this country has been excited .
and agitated for so long a time. 1 said I would be i
glad to see this agitation cease, and I would. If
any proposition had been offered in this House by j
which I believed it could be terminated without a i
sacrifice of principle and of privilege upon the part j
of the South, 1 would be among the first to accept |
the olive branch and to silence forever this useless ;
and most dangerous excitement. I am sorry to be 1
obliged to confess, that I see no such prospect at j
present. At the last session a proposition was ;
made to us, which, in my opinion, was well cal- j
culated to satisfy every portion of this Union, and j
to allay the feverish excitement which has ever j
since distracted our counsels and our country It j
was the production of the combined wisdom, 1
patriotism, and concessions of wise men from every
section of this Confederacy. It was adopted by
the Senate; but when it came to this House it was
condemned and executed, even without the form of
a trial—condemned and executed, sir, by southern
Whig votes!—by men who declare now that fhey
would be pleased to see this difficult question -com-
promised, but who then refused and rejected every
compromise, and every effort at compromise.
I have seen no proposition in this House, at least,
upon which I think the South and North can, by
i possibility,unite. Ihave seen none,sir, which, asa
southern man, I can support. Of those proposed,the
I bill offered some days since by my colleague [Mr.
Preston] is possibly the least objectionable. But
even that, sir, contains features so objectionable,
that forOhe life of me I cannot understand how any
southern man can give it his support. And yet,sir,
it is the least bitter of any of the draughts which
have been tendered to-us. That bill does not halve
matters; it does not cut up the territory into two
States; it does not ask us to vote for four " Free-
soil" Senators, to appear here nextwintcr to swell
the ranks of the already domineering North. It only
provides fof the formation into one State of the-
whole of our vast acquisitions of California and
New Mexico. It only provides that territory suf-
ficiently large to form ten, fifteen, or even twenty
States* shall, "atone fell swoop," be swept from
; the control of the United States, and given as a
gratuity to a handful of adventurers, who are
there now, or who shall be there by the first of
October next! No matter from whence they may
come, or of what character they may be—South
Americans, Chinese, Sandwich Islanders, Mexi-
cans, mulattoes, free negroes, and foreigners from
every part of the globe,—give them the whole
territory, make them a State, a sovereign, inde-
pendent State—which shall have power to exclude
forever, from every portion of its territory, all
others of our citizens! Sir, no man can have greater
regard for the sovereign people than I have; no
one will more readily admit, that the fountain
of all power, under the Constitution, is in them.
But to ask me to grant that the twenty thousand
(my information satisfies me that there are not more
than that number at present there) adventurers in
New Mexico and California—a large proportion
of whom are not citizens of the United States—be
invested with this attribute of sovereignty, of that
sovereignty which, independent of every earthly
power, submits to no dictation, and succombs to
no authority—is asking, in my poor judgment, a
little too much.
I have not time to dwell longer upon this por-
tion of the subject now,sir. f earnestly wish I had.
I have only time to ask why we cannot, as in the
case of all other territory, form a territorial gov-
ernment for them, without attaching thereto any
restriction, any unconstitutional proviso, and wait
patiently until they shall have ripened into man-
hood, and are prepared to become members of this
great Confederacy ? Is it because northern men,
exulting in their numerical strength, are resolved
to bring the South under the yoke? They cannot,
they dare not say that our blood was not as freely
shed, our money as liberally contributed, and our
exertions as zealously given to procure this territory
as their own. Even the ingenious gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Smart,] who addressed the House
some days since, could not show that more men
had gone forth from the free States to war with
Mexico than the slave States had contributed. The
gentleman's argument upon this point was ingeni-
ous, but it was not sound; for, allowing the accu-
racy of all his figures, it will still appear that the
South sent many more men, m proportion to her
free population, than went from the North. Ac-
cording to the gentleman's statement, the number
of men furnished by the North and South, inclu-
ding regulars and volunteers, and those who served
in the navy, was as follows:
Rpgulai army from the free Slates 29,179
Volunteer from the free States 2b.9l0
Naval foice from the fiue States   7,619
Total   63,^08
Regular at my from the s-lave States  13,731 1
Volunteers including (i three and six months'
men'- Irom the s-lave States 49,530
Naval force from the slave States  1.095
Total 57,93S
