1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
113
30th Cong.,...2d Sess.
The North and the South—Mr. Bedinger.
New Series No. 8.
to abound in the free States, which are never heard
of in the States where slavery exists, is it a forced
inference to say that it is the influence of slavery
which expels them ? Whether it is so or not, one
fact is certain, and itisamost remarkable fact: there
is not one solitary " iswt" which is odioifs, that had
its origin in a tftaveholding State. Atheism, Fanat-
icism, Fourierism, Millensm, Mormonism, Anti-
.rentism—foul blots, cankers, sores, deformities,
as they are- -all, all of them .are the progenies of
non-slaveholding communities; and not one of them
has ever had origin or taken root in any slave State
* in this Union. And I do sincerely believe that the
only reason why we are exempt from these curses
in the South is, because that peculiar population,
among whom alone, these villanous creeds find
favor and support, is excluded by our slaves. And
if it be true (though for one, I utterly deny it)
that the existence of slavery in any country does
retard that country in the accumulation of mere
wealth, yet I believe (it is susceptible of demon-
stration) that it is a protection and safeguard, to
every country where it exists, against evils a hun-
dred fold more to be dreaded than poverty or the
absence of affluence awl luxury.
s ,Mr. Chairman, I hold in my hand the most
masterly vindication of (he South, of southern in-
- stitutions, of southern people, that it has ever been
my good fortune to meet with. It is an address
delivered before the ''Young Men's Mercantile
Library Association of Cincinnati, Ohio, January
16, 1849, by Eilwood Fisher."
I have no acquaintance with the author further
than that which I have gathered from his address.
It is evident that he has thought and read much
upon this subject; and that he is a bold man, who
Joves the truth and dares to utter it. He puts to
the test this boasted superiority of the North to the
South, and vindicates, in the most triumphant and
conclusive manner, southern institutions and south-
ern men. He shows, that before the system of "pro-
tection" was adopted—before the South was made
tributary to the North by the adoption of the -mis-
called American system—the slaveholdin^ States
were greatly in advance of the free States in com-
merce and in wealth; and even at the present day,
notwithstanding the burdens we have been com-
pelled to bear, we are, in all that tends to the com-
fort and happiness of our race, infinitely better off
than our northern^confederates. I beg the atten-
tion of the committee while I read a few of the
facts which this address contains:
"For the fir«?t quarter of a century of the present Govern-
ment, up to 1816, the Sauth took the lead of the North in
commerce: as at the end ot that peiiod the exports of the
southern States amounted to about thirty millions of dollars,
which wa« five millions moie than thepojthem. At this
time, in 1816, South Carolina and New Yoik were the two
greatest exporting States of the Union, South Carolina
•exporting more than §10,COO,000, and New Yoik over
$14,000,000.
" According to the assessments made by authority uf the
Federal Government in 1815 for direct taxes, ih<> value of
property m the southern States had risen to $859,574,697. j
the white population being then, according to an average of •
the census of 1810 and that of 1820, about 2,749,793, or about j
v $312 per head, whilst the propeitvof the northern States |
amounted to ,$1,042,782,264, for 4,326,550 population, or only ;
§•240 per head. . !
" Even-in manufactures the South, at this period, excelled
the North, in proportion to the numbers of their population.
Inl810, according to the returns of the marshals of the Urn-
tea States, the fabrics of wool, cotton, and Imen, manufac-
tured in the northern States amounted to 40,344.274 yaids.
valued at $21.061,525; whilst the South fabricated 34,786,497
yards, estunated at $15,771,724. Thus, after the lapse ot the
first quarter of h century under our piesent form oi govern-
ment, the South had surpassed the North in eommeicc, in
manufactures, and in the accumulation of wealth, in pro-
portion to the number ot citizens of the respective sections.
"Since that period a great chance has oecuried. The
harbors of Noifolk, of Richmond, of Charleston, and Savan-
nah, have been deserted for those of Philadelphia, New
York, and Boston ; and New Orleans is the only southern
city that pretends to rival in northern competitor. The
grass is growing in the streets of those cities of the South
strenuouslv opposed by the State rights party. On their
passage in "Congress, it was declared by John Randolph, one
of the most profound and sagacious statesmen Virginia or
any other country ever produced, that a revolution in our
Government had occurred, whose consequences no man
could calculate. The result verified this prediction. Our
population is now twenty million's, and yet it is thought by
all parties that twenty-five millions of dollars per annum is
enough for the support of Government in time of peace.
Yet sixteen years aeo, when our population was little more
than half of what"it is now, this Government exacted
$32,000,000 as duties on our foreign imports, and that, too,
when in consequence of thi* heavy burden on our foreign
trade we only imported $£34,000/)00. The Government took
half the value of the impoits as a tax on foreign trade. This
outrage was the cau^e ot South Carolina nullification.
Notwithstanding all this, sir, it will be seen by
a further examination of th^s address that the South
has not been wholly impoverished yet, and that,
with this pretended curse of slavery and this real
curse of protection upon her, she has still man-
aged to surpass the North in everything calculated
to render her people comfortable and happy. Take^~
the author's comparison of some of the free State^^j
with some of those*holding; slaves, and it will be
perceived at once which enjoys most comforts and
most blessings:
"The State of Massachusetts, for instance, is generally
regarded as one of the most successful andfiou-ishmg of tne
North, and is constantly referred to by the new?paper& as a
model for all the others, and very frequently a« a taunt to the
southern. If, however, we compare this favorite of the
North with Maryland, a southern State of similar territorial
extent, and one of the least of the southern States, we shall
find the latttr to be decidedly superior in wealth in propor-
tion to the number of her citizens. According to the census
of 1840., Maryland had a free population of 380.282, and in
1847 her property was assessed at .<$202 272,650. Massachu-
setts in 1840 had a population of 737,t>99, and her property
now is only $300,000,000. Taking these two assessments
as the baswof comparison, and it appears that the aveiage
property of a free person in Maryland was $531, whilst m
occasional paupers, making a total of 144,COO—as appears
from the Journal ot Commerce. These were for the whole
State, and there was thus one pauper to every seventeen in-
habitants. In 1847' there wefe received at the principal
alms-houses for the city of New York 28,692 persons, and
out-Joor relief was given out of public funds to 44,572 per-
sons, making a total of 73,264. So that about one personoid
of every five in the city of New York was dependent, more
or less, on public charity. The total cost that year of thU
pauperism was $319,293 88. For this present year of 1849,
the estimate is .^400,000, according to the mayor's message.
In Massachusetts, it appears by the returns that there,
were m 1833, 5,.580 paupeis, and in 1818,18,^93. The.^e were
all in the alms-houses. Those relieved out oftfoe alms-house?,
were 9,817, making a total of 28,510, according to the report
of tne Secretary ofStateofMassnchustU*. And the seturns
f'oni forty-one towns are omitted If allowance he made
for these, it will be seen that in Massachusetts one person
out of every twenty is a constant or occasional pauper. It
thus appears that in these two States paupoi s- m i< advancing
ten times as rapidly as their wealth or population, ft ha*
become so creat as> to include large numbers of able-bodied
men, who itapnears cannot, or what is worse will not, earn
a subsistence; "and if such be the case, what must be the
condition of the great mass of people hanging on the vertre
sof pauperism, but withheld by aii honorable pnde, fiom ap-
plying for public chanty
Now, throughout the greater part of Virginia and Ken-
tucky, pauperism is almost unknown. I passed, some time
ago, the poothouse of Campbell county, Kentucky, on theop-
; posit® ride of the river, and there was not a solitary inmate,
i And I have known a populous county in Virginia to have
j but one."
Mr.*MANN. Does not the gentleman know
that nearly all the paupers at the North are for- ■
ei^n. emigrants?
'Mr. BEDINGER. No, sir; I know that such
is generally believed to be the case, but the very
reverse of it is the fact, as will appear from the
following statement:
« U has generally been supposed that the paupers of UTa^-a-
ckusetts and New 5Tork are principally foreign emigrants.
But this jq a mistake. Of the 5.5S0 paupers ofkMa-««.hu-
' ' -but httle over
1 S5SHS5S^^bs:
New York is al-so regarded habitually as one of the grandest j| me. hi 184,^ ■°f 16,933 fiai.p
cholv result of slavery. Her poverty, her ignoiance, her ;! ers. In boaton theieis about one times.
idleness, her decay, and her misery, arethe threadbare topics jj The statistics of crime show still more rernark-
of modern ' ' ' ' 1 J "' A T "/N"r
con&id'
55600 0 00,000. ' The population of New York in 18-10 was jj " If ve urn to the official reports of crime in the 5rf'^
2,423,921, and m 1847 her property is asse=*cd at <-632.6(J9,- i j cities of the Norh, we behold a Mate of s?xc^^x*noU(-tiat
ss, her decay, and her misery, arethe threaanare topics ,j Tne statistics or crime snow stilt more remarn.-
lern political philosophy, here and abroad. Let us now . „ against the North, and in favor of the South,
[er the facts. Her free population m lt>40, according l J   . .. .
eensu-, was'93.P10, and her piopertv is now about |1 Listen to tho following statements. .
'mi.   ~c 1Q in woo ll « Tf „.n tn 1H0 nf orunP 10 the Ufpat
which the mind is appalh'd. In Boston the uuruliH of per-
1 son^ annual I v an aijzned toj crime exceeds four thousand, and
1 ofthis numhci about one-third are females. So that one pi- r-
! s'ln out of c v  ry touvtecn males, and oik1 cut oi everj twenty-
oic'it female-,"is arrested annually foi criminal offences,
s Th°re may be some who are- anaijmtd moie than or.ee a
! veai; but, on the other hand, there must be many who cscop.j
i' detection altogether. | . .
1 "In New Yoik the pioportion of eume is about the same,
i some eidiiecn thousand persons lmvinz beeu arrehit «1 th-re
I last yr ar. Of the«e, it thousand were for linmk-
( ennp^s, twelve thousand were committed to the Tombs for
' examination, of whom ten thousand were committed ior
| trial. Ot these, there were sentenced to the State prison
i one hundred and nineteen men and seventeen women; to
! the penitentiary seven hundred men and one bunc.red and
! seventv women; to the csn prison one hundreil and sixty-
■ two men and si\?y->even women ; total nine hundred and
■ eighty-one men, two hundicd and tiftv-four wom'-i)—-how-
in"' an amount of crime, in a single city, greater than m all
-----  • T- Kentucky penitentiary
irgima, I believe there
,s none.
uThe enormous amount of crime in the *v.*teru cities,
which alroadv rivals the «iopravitj of tho*c of Enrt-pe. Mh^
be«n ascribed to the multitude of European Mmgianfcs. But
the returns do not sustain this plea. Of 7,009 personam th«
lails and houses of collection m Massachusetts m 1^ 17.orih'
116'SwPie native*- of forvisn connMK's. 'J'hw i.- le>s than
one-fourth ofthc whole numbei, and eannotvan maieriahy
from the proportions of the loieign arid native population in
tne Stale."
Thus, sir, view this question in every aspect,
993. The average piopertyof a free person in Virahno
$758: in New York it is only ($2S0, oi a httle more than one-
third." ^ +
" In 1810, Kentucky had a free population of 537,570, and
her propertv amounts according to her tax assessmert of
1848, to about £2:2.847,693. Ohio, m 384U. had a population
of 1,519 467. and her as^es^ment last year was $421,087,991-
The average value ot property belonging to each free peison
in Kentucky is §456; in Ohio it is only $276, or more than
one-third less; and as the population of Ohio is now still
greater in proportion to that of Kentucky than in 1S40, the
difference in favor of the latter is still more."
Mr. ASHMUN asked if the negroes in slave
States should not be reckoned as persons, in the
above comparisons, and not as property ?
Mr. BEDINGER. The argument is carried
out, and it will be found upon examining this ^ _i; ^   
pamphlet, that whether the negroes be .counted as , t],e soutln'm States mgethta. In tliej
persons or as property, the advantage will be oil j, thereto not a «m*> woman; in theV
the side of the South.
Mr. VINTON. I would like to ask the gentle-
man if he endorses those statements which he has
just quoted' .
Mr. BEDINGER. As far as I have had time to
examine them, I believe them to be entirely cor-
rect. , .,
Mr. VINTON. Then how does he reconcile
those results with his former statement that Vir-  , ■ - , _ , -
crjma and the South have been impoverished and !, the conclusion is inevitable. Navery, so tar from
ruined bv the protective policy? !; having cursed and blasted the communities m
Mr. BEDINGER. I never stated that Virginia ; which it exists, has preserved them .rom^trime,
had been impoverished or ruined. Sue has been
plundered, but not impoverished; she has been ;
 — —   i - i i 1 robbed but not ruined■ and so, to a fjreatci 01 less ,
winch oneinallv monopolized our colonial commeice, drill , roDDeu, out not luintu, a
maintained the'ir ascendency in the earlier years o! the ] degree, has every soutnera btate. ,
"Onion. Manufactures and the arts have also gone to take || j rep-ret exceedingly, Mr. Chairman, tiiat tne r   
uptheirabode in the North. Cities have been expanded i i ■ f j ollowed me will not permit me to read ve have been accustomed irom oi.i cnnanooo.
and muirinlicil in the same favored region. Railroads and 11 . tKo if :; Unless we v/ill consent to abandon tne institutions
has blessed them with prosperity, with peace, with
comfort, and happiness. And yet, sir, we are to
be excluded from the sunny regions of our new
territory, unless we will consent to abandon our
slaves, and all the habits and associations to which
and multiplied in the same favored regi
canals have been constructed, and education has delighted
thereto build lier colleges and seminaries."
" In addition to this, the establishment of a bank of the
United States, located at the North, with lar<;e deposites of
Government money, and enabled by the confidence of the
Government to maintiin a lartre circulation, winch would
- naturally be devoted to the promotion of noithein eom-
, ineree, it was thought was also adverse to southern com-
mercial rivalry. These two measures were the work of a
republican administration of tiie Government, but they were
8
; more from this valuable production; the facts it
! contains are more interesting than anything I can
! say. 1 earnestly recommend it to all unpiejuaiced
j minds. But as my time is rapidly passing, I will
• read-but one or two additional statements*
which we inherited from our fathers, and which
the Constitution of our country V^s ^uarmUirrt to
us. we shall not touch an acr* of the rich lands
which our own citi7ens> our own friends and rela-
•<Xn the State of New York the process of pauperism has i, tions won for lis with their orawy and with the.r
br-en tapid. la 1X30, the number supported or relieved was ; bl00lJ. Sir, the proposition IS monstrous. 1 he
15,50.). In lfc35, it was 3S,36-2—according to Chanm s i,m- '! voice of Justice cries out against U. The spirit ot
ted States Gazeteer lor 1844. In 1843 or lb44 the numoer | fathers forbids US to submit to it. If the £dl-
had increased to 72,000 permanent, and the same number oi !, OUl tathers t0> was us  10 sul
