\/
114
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 3,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Abolition and Slavery—Mr. C. Brown.
Ho. of Refs.
iant sons of the South who sleep upon the fields of
Mexico could arise from their bloody graves and
confront you here, how would you "dare to meet
them with such a proposition?
Sir, an eloquent gentlemen from Mississippi,
{Mr. Brown,] in a speech which he delivered at
the last session, upon the injustice, unfairness, and
fraud, which this restrictive principle involves',
spoke in terras worthy of the subject, aiW of the
particular individuals to whom he alluded; of the
gallant bearing, the unwavering patriotism, and
severe1 sufferings-of the citizens of those States
wjiose sons it is now proposed to exclude from
the territories purchased by their blood. He spoke
of the gallant conduct of a certain heroic young
officer who now has a seat in the other branch of
our National Legislature, and of several other
gallant men of the South,'whose heroic deeds shall
never die. But, sir, there was one whose name,
greatly to my regret, he did not mention; I sayj
greatly to my regret, only because I know, thai?
with his accustomed ability and fervent feeling, he
would have done such justice to the memory of
that gallant hero as it can never receivS from any
poor eulogy of mine: I speak, sir, of one with
■whom I had the honor of a personal acquaintance,
between whom and myself there existed an inti-
macy which, to me, was always a source of pride
and pleasure; of one who, but a short time ago,
"stood with us upon this floor, end participated in
our deliberations; one whose manly and dignified
character, whose urbane and courteous manners,
and whose unquestioned integrity, assigned to him
the very highest place in the estimation of all who
knew him. Sir, I shall never forget his conduct
and bearing when the news first reached him of
the uncalled-for, unprovoked, and infamous out-
rages perpetrated by the Mexicans upon our troops
and our soil. I shall never forget his gallant bear-
ing upon that occasion; his flashing eye, his indig-
nant exclamations, and the earnest manner in
which he declared his intention to take part m, the
vengeance,which he knew his country would wreak
upon those who had thus rashly dared to violate
her soil arid insult her flag. Sir, the first peal of
the tocsin had barely reached us—the alarum of
■war had barely rung out in the land, when he re-
signed his seat upon this floor, flew to the standard
of his country, and upon the glorious field of
Buena Vista poured out his life's-blood in defence
of her honor and her rights.
Sir, I have never heard the name of that gallant
man mentioned on th/3 floor, in any of the many
complimentary notices which have been taken of
our army and our officers. Yet, of one thing I am
very certain: I do know, that so long aspatiiotism
upon a certain occasion, to denominate me the
"Eagle from Harper's Perry," and the gentleman
may congratulate himself upon the success of his
sarcasm. 1 felt the full effect of his irpny. I
would gladly believe it was not meant as such, but
my modesty forbids it. I have often earnestly
desired to possess some of the qualities of the bird
to which the gentleman thought proper to liken
me. I have often sighed for his tireless wing, to
bear my spirit from this dull world to those higher
and purer regions which, at least, .seem nearer
Heaven—for the power to pierce the mists of folly,
of prejudice, of ignorance, and error, and look full
upon theSun of Truth with unblenching vision and
undazzled gaze, as the eye of that bold bird meets
the blaze of the day-god—for his calm and unruf-
fled spirit, calm anil unrufiled in the mightiest
storm whose thunders shake the eternal hills, as in
the gentlest breeze whose breath scarce stirs the
blossoms of spring. Would such qualities were
mine. But the want of them causes me to feel
| more palpably the gentleman's.irony, and prompts
me to retaliate by a comparison much more appro-
priate, in my opinion, than the one which the gen-
tleman chose to institute. I am prompted to tell
the gentleman that there is another bird, whose
habits, customs, and qualities render it a particu-
larly appropriate emblem of that great party of
which the gentleman is a conspicuous member.
It is a bird, sir, somewhat renowned in classic
lore, and remarkably-well known in domestic life.
The same bird, sir,
Si Whose vigilant and-faitbful calls,
Saved Rome's old Capitol fiom murderous Gauls."
A bird, sir, marvelously addicted to 
[Down fell the hammer.]
ABOLITION AND SLAVERY".
SPEECH OF MR. CHARLES BROWN,
&f pennsylvania,
In the House of Representatives,
February 3, 1849,
In reply to Mr. Thompson, of Indiana, on Aboli-
tion and Slavery.
Mr. BROWN said:
Mr. Chairman: Ever since I have been in active
political life, beginning twenty years back, before
the people of Pennsylvania, in her halls of legisla-
tion, and in'the convention that amended her con-
stitution^have 1 spoken as I speak this day, against
this whole abolition agitation, here or in the free
Slates. Since I have had the honor of a seat in
this House, I have given silent votes against every
so longas sell-sacrificing devoiion to country, shall j proposition that has been brought into it in any
,!„o,v,„,i „ virtue worthy of the estimation ofj way calculated to interfere with the subject of
be deemed
mankind—so long as bravery, chivalry, and noble
daring shall be prized by the American people,—so
long shall live m their grateful recollections, so long
shall flourish and grow green in their hearts, the
name, the memory, and the virtues of Archibald
Yell. I trust this digression may be paidoned.
I hope it is allowable to step aside from the beaten
path of dull debate, to pay a poor tribute of respect
to the memory of a gallant man and true patriot.
And, sir, it is his descendants, and the descendants
of such men as he} whoni it is proposed to exclude
from our territories, it cannot be done, .sir; it is
slavery, here or in the slave States, knowing that
; its agitation could do no good, and was doing much
i harm. And I would have continued the same
quiet course for the brief space of time I have yet
| to remain here—looking to the future to approve
| my course, as my constituents have heretofore.ap-
, proved all that I have said and done upon the sub-
! ject—but for the remarkable speech of the gentle-
i man from Indiana [Mr. Thompson]—a speech
] which struck me, as I think it must have struck
] this House, with surprise and astonishment.
- . --r ... , The gentleman told us-, that upon thissubjecthe
impossible; and those who persist in the un just and M belong
tyranical attempt, while they will fail to accomplish
their object, will reap for themselves an abundance
of infamy.
Mr. Chairman, I have but a moment or two of
my allotted time remaining. Will this committee
allow me to say a word or two about myself?
Some year or two ago, certain eloquent gentlemen j
took so many liberties with the "American en^le." j
that the bird began to look rfiarveiously Hk
great conservative party of the
Union—the party opposed to the abolition of sla-
very in the District of Columbia, or in the States, or
its agitation in any place where it might have the
tendency to disturb the peace and harmony of the
country, or endanger the perpetuity of our Union.
He not only asserted his own conservatism, but
vouched for the conservatism of the people of the
State which he in part represents; and, still further,
vouched for and boasted of the conservatism of
buzzard, and I took it into my head to burnish up !: the late venerable gentleman from 'Massachusetts,
his plumes afresh, and scr\d him off to Or.egon. ! rn* T ~ 4 1 n ' • - • • '
Since which time,jsir, divers gentlemen have made
themselves merry at my expense—one in paitio-
ular, with whom I had the honor of breaking a
lance during the last session, and who has recently
Bhown himself a true son of the South, by break-
ing asunder the shackles of party, as the strong1
man of old burst the new cords and green withes
With which treachery would have tied him: I
[Mr. J. Gt. Adams,] who, but a few months since, 1
fell among us. Kow, I ask, were not these start-!
ling assertions? To me they were. I remember j
well when I met that gentleman [Mr. Thompson] :
on this floor some seven years ago; he was then truly i
conservative on this question. I had doubts then j
as to the propriety of the twenty-first rule, and ,
my colleague [Mr. C. J. Ingersoll] and myself'
attempted for days to have it modified, that what-
^rom ^*ss'ss*ppi> [Mr.T°Mp- J| ever was objectionable in it might be struck out,
•]■*.  gentleman, I gay, thought proper, H and all its conservative character retained. After
two, or three weeks' trial, we failed to attain our
end. We could not amend it, and we voted for it;
and from that time to this I have sustained thai
rule, and opposed the introduction of the subject
of slavery in any shape. Then the gentleman was
with us, in laying upon the table all abolition ques-
tions. Then he was a conservative, and rebuked
the agitating spirit of abolitionism here. But when
I again met him on this floor at the commencement
of the present Congress, how stood the matter?
ThereJa the record. Upon every question of the
introduction of petitions, during the last session of
Congress, relative to slavery in the District of
Columbia, the gentleman who, in his speech, so
sternly rebukes these movements as calculated to
dismember the Union, or to disturb its harmony,
voted upon the yeas and nays to bring them into
this Hall, and against laying them on the table.
Nay more. When the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Giddincs,] at the last session, introduced
resolutions concerning a slave who had been mal-
treated at some hotel in this city—a subject well
calculated to agitate and irritate the feelings of
southern members—did not the gentleman from
Indiana again vote against laying the resolutions
on the table, desiring to have them agitated by the
House? How changed was the. gentleman last
session from the time when he stood beside me,
six years ago, voting to censure the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Gijddings] for introducing resolu-
tions calculated to excite the country, and to treate
unhappy feelings. He who then stood wuh me
to censure and expel from this Hall the gentleman
from "Ohio, is now found voting with him.
On the territorial question the gentleman's acts
have been equally as much at variance with his
speech. He says:
<• Before he would endanger the union of these States by
the determination ol' any question which might arise m the
settlement of the controversy between the North find th<j
South, mieference to New Mexico and California,be would
vote deliberately in his place to give it all back, gold mines
and all."
And yet we find by the record he has voted for
the Wjlmot proviso whenever it has been offered,
and against both of the bills that were passed by
the Senate as compromises to settle this question
without endangering the Union. In his speech he
says:
"The discussion of Ihe Missouri compromise, and the
admission of that State into the Union, shook Un.x Union to
its very centre; the spirit of tanrtiicism and of faction well
nigh worked the dissolution of thnt glorious Union, under
whose preservation our rights had been so long guaiantied
and maintained. But conciliation, compromise, and con-
cession, asain. prevailed, and the Union and its. iihegrity
were safe."
Patriotic sentiments 1 But then, while my friend
from Indiana eulogizes the men who fixed the line
of 36° 30' as patriots deserving the lasting honor
of the country, he-did not vote the other day for
I 36° 30'; he did not follow in the footsteps of those
i men whom he eulogized—he voted against it.
j 1 heard the eloquent speech of the gentleman
| from Indiana [Mr. Thompson] (for he is always
| eloquent) with great pleasure, and I only regret
I that his acts have not cortesponded with his words.
J I regret that he gives to the friends of his youth
| and the harmony of the Union his speech dnly, and
J to the enemies of both all his votes.
, Nor is he more consistent ill his eulogy of Mr.
i Adams. Will any man in this House believe that
M r. Adams stood as a bulwark against the encroach-
ments of abolition feeling in this country ? I ask the
friends of that departed man, if the gentleman from
Indiana does honor to his name or fame in making
him the stumbling-block in the way of " fanatical
abolition," in making him "stay its progress,
although it required the strength of a giant to
arrest it,"and " rebuke the incendiary spirit which
would have sundered every link of the beautiful
cycle of our Union t"
I know Mr. Adams did say what the gentleman
asserts, that he was opposed to the abolition of
slavery in the District of Columbia then; but I
appeal to the memory of that man, if, while he
said this, he did not on every occasion, and under
all circumstances, through his " scathing elo-
quence" and votes, give his powerful aid to roll
on, no matter who might be crushed by it, the ball
of abolition agitation.
Nor has my friend froiyi Indiana placed his own
constituents, o,r the people of Indiana, in any truer
position than'hs has Mr, Adams, or occupies him-
