1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBfi.
115
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Abolition and Slavery—Mr. C. Brown.
h . of Reps.
self. I have before me the proceedings of a late
Whig convention in Indiana—but just gone by—
scarcely cold. The paper that conveys the intel-
ligence to the country of the conservatism of the
Whigs of Indiana is scarcely dry. The resolu-
tions ofthe convention, like the speech of the
gentleman from Indiana, are full of high-sounding
phrases of fraternal regard for the South, eloquent
in their tone, but containing poison within them;
like Joab with Amasa, with one hand they em-
brace the South to kiss them, saying, "Is it well
with thee, my brother?" whilst in the other hand
they hold the dagger with which they stab them
to the heart. I will read these resolutions, because
they may be new to many in this House who
heard the speech of my friend the other day:
"Resetted, That the Whig party of Indiana, ftere repre-
sented in convention, would calmly but firmly express the
■conviettofl that thf> extf> «ion of slavery over the newly
acqmted Territories of New Mexico and California ougtfit
to be prohibited by law; that it is our settled opinion that
Congress, as the guardian of our infant Territories, pos-
sesses that riffiu; that its exercise would be promotive of
lasting good to the people who shall inhabit the country in-
cluded in the laxe treaty with Mexico; and further, that it is
the opinion of this convention that it i* expedient to exer-
cise the power at the present session of Congress."
The resolution introduced by the gentleman from
New York'[Mr. Gott] a few days ago, met the
speciai censure of my friend from Indiana, because
it spoke of slavery interfering with the progress of
human liberty throughout the world. We all know
how eloquently the gentleman disclaimed any such
imputation upon slavery. I will read his words:
" This resolution asserted that slavery, as i t existed in the
United States, was 'a senous hmdnmce to the progress of
republican liberty throughout the earth.5 Well, he could
not, for the life of him, imagine what sort of an abstraction
that was; hut it was not true."
' Here is the response from the Whigs of Indiana:
"Resolvc-H, That the spirit of the a«e, and the liberal and
«nhghtenrd philanthropy which distinguishes its progress,
require sacrifices of individual opinion to the grcatcause of
human freedom; that this spiiit should be shared by the
government and the governed ; that mas, in every condi-
tion, should be reinvested with his rights of life, liberty, and
the pursuit of happiness; and that it is the anxious desire of
the people here ^presented, that all constitutional and proper
• means should he employed to free our national capital from
the la&t vestige of human bondage." %
These conservative Whigs of Indiana overlooked,
in their zeal for the "rights of man," that ne-
groes in their own State were not invested with
any political right—were not allowed their oaths
against white men, though necessary to protect
their life or liberty.
The resolutions of the Whigs of Indiana show
that they are not as conservative on this subject as
the speech of the gentleman represented them—
, they sympathize more with the fanatical abolition-
ists he condemns.
In eulogizing Mr. Adams,-the gentleman from
Indiana took occasion to condemn his son for
associating himself with Mr. Van Buren in form-
ing the Free-soil party; thanking his God that,
*(so far, their eourse has been.stayed by the stern
rebuke ofthe American people;1'and says," neither
* the Whignor Democratic parties ot theNorth can
any degree sympathize "with the present or
* ultimate purposes of this fanatical party." Now,
what say the Whigs of Indiana* I have before
rre a leading newspaper, the editor of which was
one of the Taylor electors, who, I suppose, speaks
■with as much knowledge of the subject as the gen-
tleman, and probably is to be regarded as a much
better exponent of the opinions of the people there.
He says, in speaking of the Free-soil convention
which had just assembled:
" We learn , also, that a good deal of difference of opinion
existed as to the propriety of attempting to keep up a s-epa-
rate-organization, now that the Whigs have put m nonfma-
?ion a-s tjood Froe-sojl men can be found in the State. A
resolution confiiminff the nominations of Mes,-rs. Emhree
and Stanfii'ld \va« ottered bv John H. Biadley, E^q. "
He contended that the candidates presented by the Unig
paitv weie all that could be a-ked on the slavery question,
and bv the pioper effort and union they could be elected,
whilst there was no possibility ot electing the nominees of
a third paity organization."
And thus concludes:
Y «Th<> oftect of such a course would most probably enable
Jamei II. Lane to &ve the urting vote az<nnst t/iepusmze of
proper instructions to our Senators on the slavav question,
<and xoovhl elect Mr. Wn«ht, uhose whole pa&i ration piorcd
him to be opposed (o any interference on the part oj Congress
in relation to slvrery in our Territories.
Thus this leading Whig editor connects the
Whig party, its candidates and measures, with the
Free-soil party and its measures, and* "says, that
unless the latter should adopt the Whigcandidates,
the only effect would be to cause the election of
Democratic candidates who are opposed to the in-
terference of Congress on the subject of slavery.
Is that the conservatism of Indiana ? Is that the
conservatism of the gentleman himself?—-to aid in
the election of men who are known to be in favor
of free soil, and of the agitation of the subject of
abolition, and to defeat men wh'o would carry out
the objects which he asserts on this floor he and
the people of Indiana would sustain? The argu-
ments used by this Whig editor to get the votes of
the' Free-soil party of Indiana for the Whig candi-
dates are just such as were used everywhere in the
North previous to the Jate Presidential election,
and which, in Pennsylvania, unfortunately were
but too successful.
But I rejoice at one thing in the gentleman's
speech. It will be found in the following passage:
"He wished it were true—he wished he could say it was
true, that this Hall of legislation had as much of that calm,
deliberate cori^ei vatism as existed in the minds of the great
body ofthe American people. But there was often to be
found <i difference between the representative and iij-s con-
stituent : while the constituent, at home, was steadily,
calmlv, cooilv, and earnest!} looking and piaymg Jor the
preservation bt the welfuie of the Government, they in this
■ HuV, too often prompted ly com,Uhr<rtions offaction and party,
were distvrhnethe peace and repose of the Union, ami were
agitating and exerting for their ou-n sinister ends aiLd selfish
purposes. There was coming a time, he believed—and he
thanked God it was so—uhen' there should come out from
the Federal Executive of this Union this spirit of popular con-
servatism, and it should be poured like oil upon the waters of
party: when, in the settUment of great national questions,
thev should neither know the name of Whig nor Democrat,
but should be piompted by those high, holy, elevated consid-
erations which alone existed in the heart of the true Amer-
ican patriot, whose every pulsation beats for the integrity of
the Union of these States."
It may be there are those in this House and out
of it, whose minds are undergoing, or have under-
gone changes on this subject, as well as that of the
gentleman from Indiana; and it may be they see, in
the incoming: Executive, " a spirit of popular con-
servatism, that is to be poured, like oil, upon the
waters of party;" that they see, in that incumbent
of the Executive chair, a man who has not only
lived half his life, but the whole of it, in the South;
and that to these indications of coming Executive
influence may he attributed their "conservative"
change-—a change that will prove alike favorable
to their country and their own future prospects.
If so, if favors are to be won by the conservative
principles so eloquently expressed by my friend
from Indiana, I, for one, shall regret to the last
day of my life- that I opposed the election of an
Executive who would exercise so great and glori-
ous an influence over the destinies of this country.
I would fain hope that the omen is true, and that
those who fear that the new Executive will not oe
prompted by those hi^h, holy, elevated considera-
tions, writ be found to be in error. I would fain hope
that we shall have peace and harmony again; that
we shall be as a band of brothers; that we shall
meet in this Hall, and everywhere throughout the
country, as oyr fathers met in the days of the
Revolution, or as our predecessors met but a few
years ago, and crushed everything that interfered
with the peace, harmony, ,and integrity of the
Union. .
I know the gentleman from Indiana is a man ot
discernment, and can see as far into tne future as
most men—perhaps a little further than many of'
his associates. The shadows that coming esents
oft cast before have certainly been penetrated by
him, and he sees and feels the sunlight that is soon
to shine from the While House—the sun whose
beams often waim into being, and control many a
man's acts in this country, as well as his speeches
anu votes m these Halls. I impute no improper
motive to my friend from Indiana. A change has
truly come over the spirit of his dream since our
last session, or he could not have voted then as he
did, and speak now as he does._ Had he felt then,
when the bitter waters of agitation weie spreading
themselves far and wide, and reaching the \eiy
hearts of everv portion or our people, what he
speaks now, he would here, in New England, in
Indiana, and everywhere else where his mission
then led him, have rebuked the unhallowed spuit
that rode upon those waters, in the same eloquent
language he poured forth in tins HaH the other (lay.
Changed he is—but this change is doubthsa an
honest one. It may be the return oi early feenngs
and associations, the ties of which come back upon
us stronger and stronger, as we grow older—or it
may be, and no doubt Is, the convictions of a riper
judgment—the triumph of a better patriotism, tnat
rises over all "sinister ends and selfish purposes."
No matter what muy be the causes or the motives
of the change that has taken place in my friend
from Indiana and others, I augur from it great good
m to the whole people of these United States; and I
• ! most sincerely hope that the good work will go on,
11 and that when the new Whig and Democratic no-
| party Administration comes into power, the polit-
|| ical millennium predicted by the gentleman from
ij Indiana shall surely come with it.
For myself, 1 have opposed this agitation from
the first to this time; and I think it behooves us
all to look where we stand, and where we are
going. As the gentleman from Indiana has justly
said, we do not stand where we did. This agita-
tion is leading us onwards and downwards, and
no man can predict where it will end. A few years
ago, who thought that speeches, such as are now
delivered here, from time to time, would ever-be
heard in this Hall? What would have been
thought, in the early days of the Republic, if
speeches, such as was delivered by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [M r. Mann,] had been heard?
Where was the noble son of the South who would
have sat and listened to such a speech, or who
would not have rebuked it in the face of the coun-
try, or left the Hall in a moment?—a speech tra-
ducing the South, characterizing its citizens as
among the most degraded in the civilized world,
and attributing to them all the vices humanity can
be guilty of, and closing the catalogue by saying:
"Thus, at length, has been produced what may
' be called the bowie-kmfe style of civilization; and
4 the new west of the South is overrun by it—a
< spirit of blood which defies all the laws of God
'and man!"
It wrould not be difficult, in any state or condi-
tion of society, to point to many a wrong that evil
"■hearts and bad passions inflict upon their victims—
to many a human right violated, and to many a
wreck of human happiness they have left upon
, the shores of life; but are we therefore to conclude
j that because these do occur that the whole society
! is wicked and vile, and unwoithy a place on God's
! footstool ? Where can v/e find a spot on the earth
| where men dwell together that no wtong nor out-
! rage is committed ? Why, sir, if we were Xp gather
! from the records of those chronicles of passing
' events, the newspapers, none but the deepest and
foulest crimes that are committed in a single year
;! in a single State or city of this Union—aye, even
! in that State and city that seems to say to all the
I world, " I am holier than thou"—I mean the u old
I Bay State," and the li cradle of liberty"—and send
j them forth to the world in the simplest language qf^
| truth, stripped of ail the burning and damning elo-
i quence of words and images with which the char-
! acter of the slaveholder and the wrongs of the-slave
.are published to the world by the fanatical abo-
litionist, who is there in that proud State and city
that would not shudder at the fearful exhibition?
I know in my own native c.ity and State—the city
j and State of Penn—such an array of crimes would
' be fearful indeed, and would prove that there, as
! everywhere else,
; <• Man's inhumanity to man
! Makes couut'c«s thousands mourn."
; What would the gentleman from Massachu-
I setts, who was himself at the head of the schooi-
! system of that State, and who recently received
; the thanks of the State for his services, think, if a
southern man should rise in his place here, with a
: long array of crimes committed, day after day, and
week after week, arid characterize them as evi-
dences of the civilization of New England, or of
' the effects of the school-system m-his own Suite?
1 What would he think, if a southern gentleman had
■ risen here,and pointed to arecenlcvent atrial then
! just completed—of a son of New England for toe
quadruple crime of seduction, adultery, mvuder,
: and arson ' I allude to the case of Tiriell. True,
' though he was jruilty of.ail these crimcs, and if
1 they had been perpetrated in the South,a southern
: jury would have brought him in gudty ofall, and he
' would have expiated his offence on the galiows,
yet a Massachusetts pidge and ]ury, through tne
eloquence of a Massachusetts lawyer, pronounced
1 all these crimes—what? Seduction—adultery—
I murder—arson? No—Somnambulism. New Eng-
