lie
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 35,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Abolition and Slavery—Mr. Charles Brown,
Ho. of Reps.
land finds honeyed terms for crimes committed
there. $ut if done in the South—if the evi! pas-
sions which everywhere exhibit themselves from
the pulpit to the lowest alley in the largest city,
' should have been thus manifested in a southern
State, or by a master towards his slave, or the
crime committted upon a negro, it would have been
blazoned forth in eloquent language, embellished by
the painter's and the graver's art, and sent through-
out the world as the effect of slavery.
But I have no taste for such criminations and
recriminations, and I trust they will be heard no
more in these Halls. Nor have I any pleasure in
hunting up. from the records of criminal courts or
calendars the evidences of the wrongs and outrages
with which eaith is filled,north and south;and no
true lover of his country ought to have, upon
„ which to find an indictment against my fellow-
countrymen. I would rather cover them from all
eyes, and hold upto the admiration of the world the
nobler traits and better deeds of the whole Amer-
ican people,, and thus elevate our national charac-
ter abroad, and induce a more christian love and
charity for each other, and a more just apprecia-
tion of our hallowed tJnion at home.
The best and surest way of removing this unhap-
py state of feeling is by voting down every proposi-
tion introduced for the mere purpose of agitation.
This- will never be done while encouragement is
given to those who introduce them. I am told by
some members who voted against laying on the
table the bill of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Gipdings] to allow slaves in this District to vote
for their own emancipation—to place all persons,
black and white, bond and free, on an equality—
that they were opposed to this part of it, and
would not have voted for the bill with this in it.
No matter what else of good might have been in
the bill, containing, as it did, this insulting propo-
sition, every friend Jo the peace and harmony of
the Union should have voted it down immediately.
Why should members from Connecticut, a State
which, a few years since, by a vote of three to one,
refused to negroes the right of suffrage—or from
Illinois, that not only has refused them all politi-
cal rights, but refuses to allow them to live upon
her soil, entertain for a moment such a monstrous
proposition, or desire to have it considered and
debated here?
In Pennsylvania we have excluded negroes from
voting, after a solemn adjudication of the subject.
Yet some of my colleagues, coming, too, from dis-
tricts whose votes were almost unanimous in favor
of this exclusion, have placed upon the record their
votes against the immediate suppression of the con-
sideration of the subject here. My friend from J
the northern district [Mr. Wilmot] is one of them.
When he first offered his proviso to the territorial
bill, he repudiated all connection with the Aboli-
tionists; and I know, in a speech which he did me
the honor to send me, delivered elsewhere, he said
he had no sympathy with the negroes; that all he
did was for the white man, for the frqe laborer of
the North. Then (here is the record) he voted to
suppress all petitions for the abolition of slavery
in the District of Columbia. His vote is not found
then to aid this abolition agitation; yet how do we
find him voting this session 5 Why, against laying
on the table a bill to allow the negroes, both slave
ana free, to vote iirthis District, and for all questions
which have arisen for the agitation of the subject
of the abolition of slavery, "it shows (for I mean
nothing unkind to my colleague; I have no unkind
feelings towards him) where we are going—like
Jittle children, we begin by creeping, then we walk,
and then we run. Al! these attempts, whether
successful or unsuccessful, to raise the negro polit-
ically or socially to an equality with the white
man, by act of Congress, and most of all, 10 allow
slaves to vote in this District, in the midst of slave-
holding States, for their own emancipation, are
most incendiary in their character, and insulting
to the South. In few States have they any polit-
ical rights, and in still fewer are they in any re-
spect placed on an equality with ourselves. Why !
should we entertain, then, for a moment, in this \
. House, such a question ? May not the people of
the South justly say to us, " First cast out the
beam out of thine own eye, and tfsen shalt thou see
clearly to cast out the mote out of thv brother's
eye?" J
In the olden time, as the gentleman from Indiana
justly says, these abolition agitations wefre sum-
marily put down in this House; Now, we have
little else before us. • Day after day, in one shape
or "another, the negroes have all our consideration:
we seem to think of nothing else, we talk of noth-
ing else. All the other business of the country is
postponed, oi badly done, that we may vilify and
abuse each other about slavery. Nor is this the
worst aspect of this agitation. This sectional war,
carried on here in words, is sent out by every
mail—aye, with telegraphic speed—among the
people, there to make enemies of those
" Who had else
Like kindred drops been mingled into one."
There seems to be an inexplicable mystery
hanging over all these our doings. The gentleman
from Indiana tells U3 he and his people are con-
servative on this question; that they do not desire
to abolish slavery in this District, or anywhere
else; that they do not want to commit any wrong
upon the rights, or feelings, or interests of the
people of the South, or in any way or in anyplace
agitate the question of abolition. How is it, then,
and why is it, their votes here, and their conven-
tions at home, are all with those they denounce as
fanatical abolitionists? Nor is the gentleman from
Indiana and his people the only ones who pursue
this strange course. Many others in this Hall
will, when you talk to them privately, avow the
same conservative feelings; yet they vote with
the agitators. I think they are doing injustice to
themselves, and the great body of the people of the
North: I am sure they are to the democratic por-
tion of them. They cannot anywhere desire to
keep up a perpetual war against their brothers of
the South. Then why should we, their representa-
tives, do it? If all the disturbance is, as some say,
made by a few fanatics at the North and South, is
it not time for those who are opposed to its con-
tinuance to unite, as one man, and banish it from
among us? And not only should we banish it
hence, but from among our whole people. This
is the course I have pursued, and I intend to pur-
sue. During my whole political life have I openly
rebuked this disturbing :-pirit in all the speeches I
have made before the people of Pennsylvania, and
during all that time I never lost an election. Fa-
natical abolitionism has but small place among the
people of Philadelphia or of Pennsylvania, and
would have less, if their representatives would but
cease to agitate the question here.
I was not born in the South, as the gentleman
from Indiana was, though I lived there—in old
Virginia—the greater part of six or seven years.
I have no ties of feeling or of interest which bind
me to the South; all the associations of my child-
hood and my riper y.eais, all I possess in property
or reputation, belong to the North. It is my own
native place—my home; but I speak here, as
I have spoken there, the sentiments of duty, the
dictates of my own heart, what I believe is due to
the whole people of the United States, live where
they may. It is a feeling which I imbibed from
reading the early history of our country—the his-
tory of the scenes of the Revolution—the patriot-
ism, the eloquence of .the sons of the South and
of the North pleading and battling for a common
cause, and pouring out their blood on the common
fields of the South and of the North, for a com-
mon country. And the last pulse of my heart
shall cease to beat before I can know anything else
than that they are all my brethren—bone of my
bone, and flesh of my flesh; and if the North shall
continue these aggressions, ajid attempt to make
war upon the South, northern man as I am, 1 can-
not now tell on which side I would be found. I
fear I would be on the side—I do not fear, but I
know, I would be on the side of justice and right;
and I mean by that, that I would be with the South;
for I believe that justice and right are with them,
and I prefer to be right with them to being wrong
with any others.
In many of the northern States, my own among
them, I think we have done wrong in throwing
obstacles in the way of the recovery of fugitive
slaves. I know that some guards are necessary to
prevent bad men from taking free negroes out of
tfte State under color of their being slaves; yet in
some States, these obstacles almost if not quite
nullify the constitutional provision on the subject.
In this, we have, in my estimation, violated the
Constitution of the United States; or, if we have
not violated the strict letter, we have violated every
principle of fraternal feeling, and of the spirit of
that instrument, in passing laws that interfere with
the right of the southern people to reclaim their
fugitive slaves when they cofhe among us. The
Constitution says they shall be given up; and I hold
it to be the duty of every northern State through
all its functionaries of Government, to exercise all
its powers to deliver up every fugitive slave that
shall be found harbored within its borders; it is the
spirit, it is the word of'the Constitution; it is the
bond of the Constitution. /
How can it be otherwise than irritating to the
South, and calculated to lessen their respect for the
Union, thus to see the provisions of the Constitu-
tion set aside and the bond of brotherly love disre-
garded, efil for the purpose of robbing them of that
which the law and the Constitution guaranties to
them ?
I was in Virginia shortly after the Southampton
insurrection in 1831. I attended the debates of
the Legislature for three weeks, listening to elu-
quent'speeches in favor of the abolition of slavery.
Never was there a more able examination of the
whole subject, or a more sincere desire manifested
to devise some way or means to rid the State of
it. The thing was found to be impracticable—im-
possible. Each and every scheme proposed (and
there were many) was found, when fairly and fully
considered, to contain worse evils than slavery
itself. Emboldened by the attempt of Virginia to
do something on the subject, I know that the Abo-
litionists of the North immediately began to pour
their emissaries into the South, arid to distribute
their books with all the pictured horrors of slavery,
to induce the people there, I presume, to go on with
the subject of.abolition. But what was the conse-
quence? These publications were not guardedly
sent to tfoe owners; they thought to do a double
work: while they enlightened the owners as to
their duty, they sought to enlighten the slaves as'
to theirs: and they induced the belief in many that
th.ey would be right in breaking their bonds, even
though it were at the price of the blood of those
who owned them.
All these means were resorted to to excite the
slave to insurrection, to stir within his heart the
spirit of rebellion. Nay, what do we see now al!
over the country? Read the papers, and you will
see that these very abolition agents are now there
stealing negroes—not only stirring thern up to1 run
away, but it is well known that they are every-
where r^ady to receive them, and that they have
their emissaries in the slave States, inducing the
slaves to run away. Now, you who have never
lived among the slaveholders, what do you think
it is to know that these machinations are at work
to stir up a savage feeling of discontent, of rebel-
lion, and of revenge in the breasts of those who
surround you? It maybe all sport to you. It
may be you believe you are doing God service in
endeavoring by these means to emancipate the
negroes. But have you no feeling for the whites?
Are the blacks only your brothers? Is there no
other race on this earth or in this country but the
negro? How many whites would you sacrifice in
the South to abolish slavery? I fear, if some were
to answer from their hearts, they must say all, all%
all, and the victims would be too few, they would
say, to expiate the cruelties that have been inflicted
upon the slave. This is the feeling I want to have
rebuked. I know that women and weak men live
in terror. They do not doubt that if let alone, all
would go on well; the harmony between the races
would not be disturbed; but it is in this continual
effo#t at abolition agitation, it is thes.e emissaries
of the northern fanatics, secretly among them,
whom they dread—perhaps not dread, but whom
they have most to fear. *
Nor are the whites the only sufferers. It breaks
up all confidence between the races, and often
causes injurious Suspicions to rest on the slave
greatly to his injury, preventing much from being
done for the improvement of his condition that
would be done if they were allowed to live together
in peace and security.
And what is the justification forall this? " South-
ern encroachments!" TheAbolifionists, whenever
they attempt to justify any attack upon th.e South,
say, Oh! it is the southern encroachments. Now,
I ask them, in all sincerity, to tell me wherein the
southern encroachments consist? I have misread
