118
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 7,
30th Cong.....2d Sess.
Abolition and Slavery—Mr. Charles Brown.
Ho. or Reps.
any more than to their mental or moral improve-
ment. I know, in the South, the slaves are more
contented in their position and happier than are
the free negroes of the North. Few of the slaves
ever dream they are equal to their masters; they
aspire to no such eqnality. They are as happy in
the best condition of their lot as are the highest
and proudest of earth's rulers in the best condition
of theirs, nay, more—for they are free from the
anxieties and cares that often make the latter mis-
erable. Whilst the free negroes, through-the
visionary fanaticism of those who believe, or
would make them believe, they are equal to the
■whites, feel their degradation as a wrong inflicted
upon them, and-made to believe, as they are, that
they are entitled to political and social equality, ;
the want of it gives them a thousand times more !
poignancy of feeling than any slave ever felt for i
the want of his personal freedom. The history of j
the world—nay, the history of the last year— i
shows what men will suffer and do for political i
equality. It has nothing equal, to prove their long- j
ing for mere personal liberty. :
Why cannot we leave this whole question of
slavery to the care of an overruling Providence,
and the people of the States where it exists? To
the latter it is left by the Constitution, to regulate
or abolish it, as they think best. In one-half of
the slave States, if not in three-fourths of them,
the majority of the voters, in whose hands this
until the fair islands they inhabit will be as unpro-
ductive as they were before the arrival of Colum-
bus,'or as any part of Africa.
Of all places on earth where the negroes now
dwell, around Liberia the fondest hopes of the
friends of the race are gathered. There they have
not yet gone back—they are advancing. It is a
bright spot in the dark history of that dark people.
What it may prove to b.e in the future, no man
knows; but for its success all good men should,
pray. But while all eyes are turned to it in hope,
let none forget that now, with all its intelligence
and progress, it is yet only a colony of liberated
slaves from these United States.
I do not say the negro race is incapable of govern-
ing themselves as other civilized nations; but thus
far the experiments have not proved very successful.
It may be they will yet succeed, or it may be these
attempts have been premature; that they have not
been through a sufficient number of generations
connected with the white race to have that pupillary
training required to raise so low and barbarous a
race to the proper degree of civilization to enable
them to carry on and out that further and continued
progress necessary to ultimate success; and this,
I think, is the true reason of much of their retro-
gradation. *No one can denythatthey are, through
climate, physical conformation, or long degrada-
tion, an inferior race; not only inferior to the
white, but inferior to the American Indians and
question rests, are not slaveholders. In Delaware, jj other races. As such, it may he doubted whethe
IVI a v\r! -j *1H V/irivmio TV/T • l. . Tr „1.   ,1 I .i  J . ....
Maryland, "Virginia, Missouri, Kentucky, and
Tennessee, the number of non-slaveholding voters
over slaveholding is very great; and in most of
the States, they hold the political power. Why,
then, can we not leave this whole slavery question
to them? They have no pecuniary interest in it,
and know all about it—know its evils, and can
best foresee the effects of its abolition. Think
you they have not as much of the milk of human
kindness as we who live in the North' The abo-
litionists themselves say the interest of non-slave-
holders in the slave Slates is opposed to the con-
tinuation ot slavery. Certain it is, if slavery were
as great an evil as it is represented, and its aboli-
tion so easy, these non-slaveholding voters would
soon remove it from among them. ^For one, I am
•willing to leave it to ihem and their fellow-citizens
to take care of. Theirs it is to manage _as they
please, and with them it is our duty to leave it.
Shall we do this, or shall we go on to encourage
these fanatical Crusader?, who go forth, as of old,
under the peaceful banner of the Cross, and with
the specious object of doing God service, to deso-,
late and destroy a nation, and perish themselves i
amid the scenes of strife and bloodshed their own '■
unholy zeal had kindled?
Continued February 7.
Mr. Chairman: Having been obliged, by the
briefness of the time allowed me, when consider- 1
they ever can attain to a sufficiently high standard
of civilization to associate with'the whites as equals,
; or as nations to mainlain their independence, if
j left to their own free action. They may lack
many ot the elements of character necessary to
such an attainment. This, however; is what their
I Maker alone can know—we can only guess at it,
,/rom the limited knowledge we possess.
, One thing is ceitain, that no two unequal races
, can keep distinct, and live together and harmonize
; as equals. The history of the world is against
[ it. Look at our own history. ' Two hundred
years ago, the whites began to settle this country.
Then, all this vast Union was peopled by a rare
evidently superior to the negroes. They were free.
Everything that religion and philanthropy could
devise or do to civilize and christianize this race
was done, and yet what has been the result? Mil-
! lions and millions have been destroyed by us, until
the whole race has nearly passed away; and how
few have we either christianized or civilized!*
About the same time we began to civilize and
christianize the free Indians, we began to import
negroes into this country as slaves. The climate
was certainly more favorable to the natives than
to the negroes. These negro slaves have not only
increased and multiplied beyond all other people,
but in civilization and Christianity have risen faster
ing the condition of the negroes the other day, to
passover it more rapidly than I desired, I return to !
it now, for a few moments, to present it more fully I
to the view of the committee and the country. |
In an estimate of the capacity of the negroes for j
self-government, as individuals or communities, 1
many overlook the fact, that even their free, im-
proved condition, such as it is anywhere, has
mainly grown out of their previous servitude. I
have'already alluded to them in relation to indi-
viduals and bodies of them in the United States
and now refer to them in the West Indies, South .
America, nnd Liberia, as further illustration of the !
fact. In Hayti, though they have had the gov-
ernment of the island in their own hands more '
than fifty years, they have not only not improved ,
their condition in any respect, but have been
warring upon each other, on account of their differ-1
ent shades of color, until their best friends fear !
they will not much longer be able to govern them- i
selves, but must fall under the dominion of the!
whites again—conquered by adventurers, or by i
some other nation. They have no men amon°"
them now equal to Toussaint L'Ouverture and his 1
fellow slaves, who achieved its independence.
. hus far. I Hp sin VP's
lamty have risen faster
and higher thar, any and all other barbarous people
i dining the same period. I submit this simple
; statement of facts to the serious consideration of
j the fanatical abolitionist, as well as the true phi-'
| lanthropist and Christian. It is full of admoni-
| tion. 'To me it proves clearly that an inferior
< race, or degraded caste, cannot thrive in connection
i with a superior, unless ulider ifs care and control;
the former must be made equal to the latter, or be
enslaved or destroyed by it. I do not suppose
that complete equality (which can only be brought
about by a perfect unity or amalgamation of the
races) can be desired by any sane member of the
European branch of the American family. It is
too monstrous to think of, and would lead to such
a degeneracy of the whole people of this country
as, m a brief period, to cause them to fall befoie
some invading, superior, and purer northern na-
tion or people, in the same way the Indians have
fallen, and the mixed breeds south of us must
certainly hereafter fall before us.
If the friends of the negroes—fanatical or reason-
able—would do the race a real good, they would
i cease to desire or urge their political or social con-
nection with us, (which, in my estimation, never
can, will, or ought to take place,) anil direct their
Thus! ffl,- i'i,« , efforts to their improvement and removal south
West Indies have not improved. Many of th
back almost into their original Africa, persevereu
lent \!mwovldeI?teflRrnd -they haYe !: shall succeed, will lead, s
free-soilers, if persevered in, and the more if they
si!*]] ! —i) sooner or later, combined
iich I shall shortly al
and pavticularly"the competition of labor, to e
of races, that must end in the extermination of the
weaker.
While the people of the South have rights that
should be respected, defended, and protected by
the North, and which, for one, 1 have ever done
and intend to do, they have duties to peiform, alike
required of them by the progressive institutions of
freedom and enlightenment in this our own coun-
try, by the spirit, of the age in which we live, and
by their God. As they shall give an account of
their stewardship at the great day, they are bound
to improve the negroes intrusted to their care, and
elevate them to the highest degree of civilization
and Christianity their situation and condition will
admit. They are an inferior race, it is true; bat
they are not a bad one. They have many valua-
ble and good characteristics, and are endowed with
feelings and a soul; and it is due to them, as well
as to the white people of the South, that nothing
should be left undone that will develop their good
qualities and eradicate their bad.
Marriage among them ought to be made and re-
garded with as much solemnity and obligation as
among whites. They should only marry by con-
sent of their masters,and then never be separated;
nor should they be separated from their children
while young. 1 know that these ties of marriage
and nature are fully respected by all good masters
now,and that their violation is as much condemned
by the community generally in the South as in the
North. But they should never be violated—they
should be made the law of the land as unalterable
as those of the Medes and Persians. I am awaie,
and have already testified to the care and human-
ity of the masters-generally throughout the South;
but I know, and we all know, there are bad men
among slaveholders as in other conditions of iife,
I and it is to protect the slave from wrong when"
; owned by such men,thatevery lawshould beenact-
! ed necessary for his improvement and protection.
Many good laws are already^n existence for the
latter purpose, and as I know, are rigidly,enforced,
far more than the people of the North generally
have any idea of. Indeed, the great ignorance of
the latter on the whole subject of slavery, is the
main cause of all the. agitation that has been and
is now disturbing the peace of the country.
They should all be educated—taught to read at
least—and all good books placed in'their hands.
I know this was being done to a great extent
throughout the southern States before the fanat-
ics began to send their incendiary tracts amon^
them, causing laws to be passed prohibiting ed*
ucation. Those incendiaries ought to be treated
as pirates—enemies to all mankind—and effect-
ually put down. Whether^they are or not, still
I think those laws are wrong. I do not believe
j education would make them any more likely to
! be misled by these fanatics than they are without
| it. Through secret channels and open discussions,
| one way or another, they are made acquainted
■ with ali the doings and designs of these fanatics
now, and through ignorance may believe they are
for their good; thus creating secret dissatisfaction
that cannot be openly met and removed. If they
could read,they would know the true condition of
their race, and be less likely to be misled. All
that I have seen or heaid of the effects of education
among the slaves has convinced me that it makes
them more contented, and more reliable, and more
valuable. Indeed, even now, so sensible are many
of this fact, that in despite of the laws against it,
(hey deem it their duty to teach their slaves to
read. jSfo objections I have ever' yet heard, in
the eyes of mankind or of God, will be taken as a
sufficient reason or excuse for allowing the minds
of solarge a mass of mankind to remain in compar-
, ative darkness forever.
J Independently of the high moral tone all this will
; confer upon the slaves, nnd the consequent bene-
i fecial results to the masters, it will take from the *
opponents of the institution their most oowerful
arguments against it. The anathemas of the fa-
natical abolitionists would be hushed in the appro-
bation of all the rest of mankind.
To cultivate and to christianise so many millions
of slaves is an achievement within the power of
the South, and wilt return a hundred fold of-good on
those who do it. ^ Let the world see these millions
of slaves advancing in intelligence and virtue, un-
der the care of their masters, and at the same time
all the rest of the race remaining in barbarism, or
