l£2
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 10,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
New Mexico and California—-Mr. A. G. Brotm.
Ho. of Reps.
Mr. HUNT interposed, but the reporter did not
catch his remark.
Mr, BROWN. The gentleman says it was
always understood that the Whigs we^e opposed
to the independent treasury. But did they, as a
]>arty, say so in the last contest? That is the ques-
tion. Did they give the country distinctly to un-
derstand that this measure was in issue, and that
General Taylor's success would be followed by
the instant repeal of the independent treasury law?
I undertake to say, no such authoritative declara-
tion was ever made. On the contrary, the people
were everywhere assured that the old party issues
-were withdrawn, or were permitted to sleep, to the
end that the full measure of a nation's gratitude
' might be meted out to the successful general—the
chieftain who had led our armies in-triumph and
glory through "an unnecessary, unconstitutional,
unholy, wicked, and murderous war.'1
But, says the gentleman, the tariff of 1846 was
also overthrown in this general denunciation of
popular fury. Indeed! And pray, sir, who put
that measure at issue? We shall again be told, I
suppose, that the Whigs were understood to be
opposed to the tariff of 1846, and in favor of that
of 1842. However this may be, Mr. Chairman,
as a general party rule, it does not hold good in
. every instance; for I well recollect to have heard
the ablest and most eloquent of the- Whig orators
in my part of the Union, declare their e'ntire satis-
faction with (his measure. As a measure of rev-
enue it seemed, they said, thus far, to have an-
swered the purposes of its projectors; and so long
as it continued to do so, they were satisfied to let
it alone. But again, let me remind the gentleman
that this measure was not in issue by any compe
tent party authority. The President elect is not
a party man, and is-not going to lend himself to
any party schemes, if we may believe his own
emphatic declarations, repeated time and again,
throughout the whole of the late Presidential can-
vass. How dare the gentleman claim his election
as a verdict for or against any party measure?
Why, sir, to this day the gentleman cannot himself
say what General Taylor is for or against.
There are other great measures of the Demo-
cratic party, such as vindicating the national honor
and exacting a due and proper regard for our na-
tional rights. By a steady observance of these
measures, this Administration has settled a dis-
pute with England of near fifty years' standing,
and has flogged Mexico into a decent respect for
our national flag. All this, the gentleman says,
has passed under general condemnation.
The President has repeatedly and earnestly rec-
ommended the reduction of the price of the public
lands. The Secretary of the Treasury has urged
the same great measure with zeal and ability.
This, too, has been condemned. It will be news
to my Democratic constituents who have been in-
veigled, by specious Whig promises adroitly put
forth, into voting for General Taylor, that they
thereby passed their verdict of condemnation upon
this, to them, the most interesting of all the great
political questions.
Not only have the people pronounced against all
the measures of the Democratic party, but, in the
gentleman's judgment, they have pronounced in
favor of all the Whig measures. Let me ask my
honorable friend, what financial scheme for the
collection, safe-keeping, and disbursement of the
public revenue is to take the place of the independ-
ent treasury ?—or do I offend in asking the ques-
tion? Must I assume that the " obsolete idea" is
to be revived—that we are to have a national bank ?
1 pause for a reply.
Mr. TIUNT. The public money may be col-
lected and safely disbursed, without the agency of
either a bank or sub-treasury.
Mr. BROWN. How?
Mr. HUNT replied, that no difficulty had been
found in collecting the revenues in the ordinary j
currency of the country, and making the disburse-;
ment without loss, by exercising the same judg- j.
ment and discretion which governs prudent indi- ,,
viduals in their own affairs. On the subject of a j1
bank, he had only said there was no occasion for j
the President to revive that discussion at this time !!
in his annual message. , ^
Mr, BROWN. 1 accept thegentleman's answer. <
In the remarks to which I am replying he took the j
President seriously to task for discussing the bank |
question in his late annual message., He now says
there was no necessity to revive that discussion
at this time. Why not, pray ? Is not a bank one
of the measures revived in the late Whig victory ?
Why this chariness of your old friend ? Must the
bank sleep on in its deep, cold grave, whilst all
Whigdom is redolent with joy at the resurrection
of its kindred measures? Or are you afraid that
the old Jackson men, who aided you in achieving
your triumph, will raise the war-whoop if you
exhibit the carcass of the " old monster?" I com-
mend your prudence in not saying "^bank" too
soon to the Democratic supporters of General
Taylor.
But what can the gentleman mean by the Gov-
ernment's collecting, safe-keeping, and disbursing
its revenue without the agency of banks, in the
! same way that a prudent and discreet individual
would do the same thing? Need I tell the gentle-
man, that whenever the Government collects and
disburses its money like a discreet man of busi-
ness, the sub-treasury is then in full operation ?
This is the sub-treasury in all its length and
| breadth. It simply proposes that the Gxovern-
ment shall collect, keep, and disburse our money
m the same way that a sensible and discreet busi-
ness man would collect, keep and disburse his
money. After all, sir, the sub-treasury may not
turn out such a raw-head-and-bloody-bones as my
honorable friend supposes. 1 commend it to his
attention as a thing worthy of his confidence, and
eminently entitled to his support on the grounds
just taken by himself.
A mighty cause of complaint is the "profligacy
and corruption" of the'Administration. These
phrases are too often applied to theTresident of the
United States. Coarse in themselves, worn thread-
bare by constant vulgar use, they are singularly
out of place in the speech of a gentleman so remark-
able for his courtesy as the gentleman from New
York. Charges of "profligacy and corruption"
are nevei made by one member against another,
by a*Representative against a Senator, or by one
gentleman in private life against another similarly
situaitd. We all know to what results such charges,
if made in any of these cases, would certainly lead.
Is it, then, in good taste thus to assail the Presi-
dent, simply because he is President? I will not
say that the known fact, that such charges when
made against the President involve no personal
responsibility, encourages their repetition. But
this I will say, the very fact of knowing that we
may assault a man with impunity, should forever
induce us to speak to and of him in language free
from insult. The President is, in an eminent de-
gree, the custodian of the national honor; and who-
ever degrades the President, to some extent de-
grades the nation. And for this, if for no other
reason, I would wish to see gentlemen more cir-
1 cumspectm their language, and more forbearing
! in their censure.
! What does the gentleman mean by the profli-
| gacy of the President? If he means to say the
: President has made a profligate or wasteful use of
, the public money, I take issue with him. The
, public money has been used for the purposes for
j which it was appropriated by Congress. The gen-
i tleman knows very well that not one dollar can be
j drawn from the treasury but in pursuance of lawful
: appropriations; that the President is, in fact, fur-
ther removed from the public money than thegen-
tleman or myself. For though the world were at
stake, not one dollar can he take from the national
treasury until the members of this House first vote
the appropriation. If there has been " profligate
and wasteful appropriations," to the gentleman
and his party belong the responsibility. It is well
, known that on that side of the House appropria-
j tions of eveiy kind find a majority of their sup-
' porters. I do not say that these appropriations are
| profligate, least of all do I say they are corrupt
1 say the President is not, and that the Whig party
| is, responsible for the voting of these appropria-
i tions.
1 < Mr. BOYDEN (interposing, and the floor being
1 yielded) said the President should be called upon
to declare in what manner the money had been
expended which was collected under contributions
levied by his order in Mexico.
Mr. BROWN. There is no difficulty on that
point. The money was expended in subsisting'
our brave troops in Mexico, and to my mind it
was a wise, patriotic, and just use of it. I am not
displeased, Mr. Chairman, that thegentleman from
North Carolina has thought proper to introduce
this topic. It gives me an opportunity to say a
word in reference to it, which otherwise I may
not have had. When the point was first presented
as to the President's right to collect duties in the
Mexican ports temporarily in the occupancy of
American troops, the learned gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. C.J. Ingersoll] admitted the
right to collect, but intimated his doubts as to the
power to disburse the money thus collected. I
thought then, as I do now, that the right was clear
in both cases. If the American general had found
a million of dollars in the custom-house in the
captured city of Vera Cruz, no one would have
questioned his right to take possession of it. It
j would not only have been his right as the con'-
! queror, but it would have been his duty to have
j seized such treasure. If he could seize money
i already collected, might he not also seize such as
j was subsequently collected? Will it be seriously
> insisted that the American general would have
! discharged his duty to his country if he had per-
• mitted the Mexican authorities to go on collect-
ing duties at Vera Cruz, after the city was in hiiT
military possession, and have stood by while the
funds thus collected were quietly handed over,
to be used in arming and subsisting the enemy's
I forces? Such a proceeding could not and would
j not have been justified. Should he then have
| closed the ports against our own and the commerce
i of neutrals, would not our merchants and those of
i friendly nations have had just cause of complaint
j against such a rigid use of military .power? What,
; then, washismanifestduty? Toadmitthecommerce
; of all countries upon terms at least as favorable as
I those imposed by Mexico, and see that the duties
1 were faithfully kept from the hands of the enemy.
True, he may have done this by allowing the
Mexican collector to continue in performance of
his duties, and establishing a sort of surveilliance
over lum, to see that he faithfully accounted for the
money collected. It was much easier, however,
and much more compatible with the relative posi-
! tion of the two Powers, to dismiss the Mexican
I and appoint an American collector. Tins was
j done, and less could not have been done, short of
j allowing collections to go on for the use and benefit
of the Mexican army.
Mr. BOYDEN again interrupted, to say that the
President's contributions upon imports in Mexico
were not levied upon the Mexicans„but upon the
commerce of American citizens, when they arrived
in those conquered ports. What right had the
President to levy his contributions upon American
citizens?
| Mr. BROWN. The contributions were levied
j upon all commerce alike. Neither our citizens,
j nor the citizens and subjects of foreign friendly
| Powers had any just cause of complaint, since the
j American tariff of -duties was less than Mexico
j herself had collected. I may not fully comprehend
; the gentleman. Do I understand him to insist that
j the President had no right to order the collection of
i duties in the Mexican ports captured by our arms?
j Mr. BOYDEN. No, sir; but I do insist that,
j under the pretence of levying contributions upon
the enemy, the President has no right to take the
property of American citizens, and to convert it to
the purposes of his will, without any authority of
law whatever.
Mr. BROWN. The gentleman seems to be in-
1 terposing a new point. I do not understand that
: the President ever directed the property of Ameri-
can citizens to be taken and converted to his own
; or the purposes of any one else; but I do under-
! stand that American merchants, by his order,
j entered the Mexican ports upon terms of equality
i with those of England, France, Spain, and other
! countries. And if an American merchant pays
j duties in New York for the support of his Govern-
I ment, can it be a very great hardship if he does
j the same thing at Vera Cruz? Our merchants
I would not have gone into Mexican ports unless
it was to their advantage to do so; and if they went,
it was with the full expectation of paying duties
to some one. It would, I think, be a most un-
; worthy imputation upon an American merchant
j to say that he was more willing to pay a heavy
i duty to the Mexican Government than a light duty
I to his own. f
