1849.]
APPENDIX HO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
123
30th Cong 2d Sess.
New Mexico and California—Mr. A. G. Brown.
Ho. ot Reps;
Mr. BOYDEN. The gentleman has mistaken
yny position, or he understands only a part of it.
I complain that the money was improperly taken
"by the President, and used without the authority
of law.. A tax was improperly levied upon the
property of American citizens, under the name of
levying contributions upon the enemy; and it was
given out that the money collected under this pre-
tence was expended in carrying on the war. But
how did we know that? Does, rot the Constitu-
tion prescribe that all appropriations for carrying
on war shall be made by Congress? How, then,
could the President expend this money? He not
only levied his contributions without authority,
but he expended the money so collected in open
violation of the Constitution, and without the
slightest authority of law.
Mr. BROWN. I recognize the gentleman's
right in its broad*est latitude: when he finds he has
a bad hold, to let go and take hold again; and if the
gentleman shall want again to mend his hold, I will
  again give way. If I now fully comprehend the
gentleman, the point to which he specially desires
attention is, as to the constitutional power of the
President to direct the use of the money without
an appropriation first made by Congress. Does
the gentleman regard contributions of this charac-
ter as money in the treasury, within the meaning ,
of the Constitution ? If so, he and I differ widely j
on that point. I regard it as property captured of j
the enemy, to he used, if need be, in conquering 1
that enemy, and to be accounted for in no other-
wise than as other captured property. Suppose
General Scott had captured in the city of Vera
Cruz a thousand barrels of flour and fifty thous?nd
cartridges: could he not have used these articles in
prosecuting the war without the special leavg of
Congress ? Suppose his soldiers had wanted bread
—suppose, in the midst of the action, his cartridges
had given out: must say to the hungry soldier,
You shall not eat, Congress has not consented that
you should consume this captured bread, and I
have no other? or must he cease firing in the
midst of the action, because he cannot shoot acap-
* tured Mexican cartridge until Congress has given
its consent that it may be thus used ? Gentlemen
smile, and well they may, for nothing can appear
more ridiculous, unless it be the proposition gravely
pur forth by the gentleman from North Carolina,
that if General Scott had been without bread, with-
out transports, and without munitions of war, he
could not purchase them with this Mexican money
in his hands until Congress had first appropriated
it. The contribution was levied as a means of'dis-
tressing the enemy; and, in my judgment, the levy
was right. It was used, when coliectcd, in subsist-
ing our army; and there could have been no better
disposition madeof it. I am satisfied with the whole
affair, and I make no doubt the country is satisfied.
The gentleman from North Carolina has led me
off from the points I was discussing. I was about
to show, when the gentleman interposed, that my
friend from New York was wholly mistaken m
the assumption that the people, at the late Presi-
dential election, had condemned the independent
treasury, the revenue tariff of 1846 and other kin-
dred Democratic measures. Let us take the inde-
pendent treasury by way of illustration: the gen-
tleman says it was condemned in the election of
General Taylor. I pass by the point that General
Taylor, so far as the world knows, is as much for
as against this measure; and I give the gentleman
the full benefit of his claim, that all the votes polled
for the General have pronounced-against the inde-
pendent treasury—and then how stands the case.'
-General Cass was known to be in favor of this
measure. Mr. Van Buren claims to have been its
father; and however he may have strangled other
of his political offspring, he has ever shown an
abiding parental affection for this. Now, it so
turns out that the two friends of the measure have,
together, polled a popular majority of one hundred
and fifty-two thousand votes over Genera! Taylor.
And, sir, if it be true, as has been asserted by my
honorable friend, that this great measure was an
issue, and that the people voted in reference to it,
then has it triumphed, and it now stands before
• the world endorsed by the approving voice of a
popular majority of more than one hundred'and
fifty thousand free* American electors. And what
I say of this measure is equally true of all the
others enumerated by the honorable gentleman.
* Mr. HUNTinquired if the gentleman intended to
claim the vote for Van Buren and Adams as part of
the Democratic vote? If he chose to figure out a
majority in that way, it was not for him to inter-
fere.
Mr. BROWN. I claim them on the gentleman's
own assumption that the independent treasury, the
revenue tariff, and other Democratic measures were
in issue, and that the late Presidential election had
been conducted in reference to those issues. This
being the case, I maintain that the friends of these
measures have pojled the largest popular vote by
one hundred and fifty thousand, and that the meas-
ures are therefore triumphant befoie the people,
mid huve only been defeated in the electoral college
by a division among their friends.
Just here the gentleman would, I have no doubt,
be glad to interpose the Free-soil issue, and I might
justly deny his right to do so, since he made a
speech closing seven minutes before the expiration
of his allotted hour, and wholly neglected to reten-
tion the question of Free-soil. Thegentleman found j1
time to mention almost every conceivable question jj
that was not in issue, and closed his speech, with j!
seven minutes of time left, without alluding in the !
smallest degiee to the only question that was in l
issue—I mean the question of Free-soil. Why was |
this? Has it been found difficult to unite the
Whi^s north and south on this issue? After run-
ning General Taylor at the North as a better Free-
soil man than even Van Buren himself, and at the
South as the very prince of slave-holders; after j
obtaining the anti-war vote of the North by one !
story, and the votes of the war-party at the South
by another story; after traversing the Republic
from north to south, representing General Taylor
as being "all things to all men," thus obtaining
for him thousands of Democratic votes, it is very
convenient to forget the real points of the canvass,
and claim a victory on other points not introduced,
and never discussed before the people.
May I ask the gentleman whether he did not
himself tell the people in his district that General
Taylor would approve of the Wilmot proviso ?
Mr. HUNT. I said 1 -had no doubt of it.
right Democrats have voted for him as a no-party
man. Whilst, by the glare of his military fame,
he has carried Captive the enthusiastic and ardent
youth of the country. You and I, Mr. Chairman,
know very well what means were employed in
the South td commend the General to Democratic
voters: how General Cass was denounced as an
Abolitionist—a political weathercock—a man of no
fixed principles—a very political Judas, standing-
ready to betray the South with a kiss: how Gen-
eral Taylor was set down as the exact counterpart
of all this—a patriot, with nothing to serve but his
country—no party ties to bind him—no party
wrongs to vindicate—no fixed political prejudices
to gratify—a man like Washington, who had filled
the measure of his country's glory, and was best
deserving his country's highest honors. Banks,
tariffs, distributions, were all repudiated—party
lines were wiped out—a political millennium was at
hand—General Taylor would scorn all party rules,
and be the President alone of a great, happy, uni-
ted nation of brothers—and above all things, his
warm southern affections would bind him to the
South and to southern institutions as with hooks
of steel. It was by means like these you carried'
to his support thousands of Democratic voters.
Whether all of these, or any considerable portion
of them, will continue to follow his political for-
! tunes, remains to be seen, and must, I think, de«
| pend on circumstances.
As a Democrat, I could wish General Taylor no
worse fortune than to" follow the counsels of his
friend from New York. If he undertakes to up-
root all the wise measures of the Democratic party
and to substitute Whig follies in their place, I take it
for granted his Democratic supporters will abandon
him; and this done, your boasted triumph will turn
out a barren Victory. The gentleman from New
York seems to have his misgivings, for he dare not
go so far as to commit his party for a bank, though
he has no doubt, I suppose, it ought and will be
established.
The people are now, have been, and always will
be, in favor of Democratic measures, because these
measures proclaim equality among men—not social
Mr. BROWN. Now, Mr. Chairman,if I should ;j but political equality; not equality in mental or
ask vou or any other southern representative what i physical proportions, but equality in the possession
vou told yourconstiuents, I should be assured that j| and enjoyment of every right under the laws and
vou told them General Taylor never would ap- j! Constitution. Democracy proclaims no^oral, so-
prove the proviso. . :j cial, intellectual, or rehgious equality. In all these
Mr HCJNT interposed, to say he would like to ! we admit that one man rises above anothei as do
know'what the gentleman from Mississippi told j! the stars in the firmament rise above the clods of
the neople on that subject. jj the valley. But our code recogmzcs no political
Mr BROWN I told them General Cass would [! distinctions among men. Equal and exact justice
never approve of the Wilmot proviso, and it was l| to all, special privileges to none, is our mouo It
my opinion that General Taylor would. jj is because in practice the Whig leaders repudiate
U ' . . ,    ,i,vi < this doctrine that the masses always have and al-
ways will repudiate the Whig leaders. What is
Now, let me ask the gentleman whether he did
not assure the people of New York that we should
have a Free-soil administration if General Taylor
was elected?
Mr. HUNT. We expressed our willingness to
leave that question to the representatives of the
people. .
Mr. BROWN. And you, Mr. Chairman, and
your southern colleagues, told your constituents
that General Taylor would stand by the South on
that question.
What I maintain is, that you have 110 right,
after obtaining a victory by such means as were
employed in the late Presidential election, to come
into this House, in six short weeksafter closing the
drama, and claim a victory on points notoriously
your doctrine of protection but a cunningly-devised
scheme to build up a privileged order in the coun-
try—to grant immunities and political rights to the
favored few which must of necessity be denied to
the toiling millions? What your banking system
but a system to plunder the many for the benefit of
the few? And so of all your measures, of all your
policy. What right has the manufacturer to de-
mand the passage of laws for his special protection i
And how dare you, in this land of equal laws, sanc-
tion such demands > Shall the banker have laws
to legalize his frauds ? Shall he be allowed to loan
his credit at usury, whilst the honest laborer may
only take lawful interest for his hard-earned-dol-
not in issue, and omit all mention of the great point j lars? Jour whole system is a system of favont-
' . . • _ 1 .. a ~,l ^l. U !' iom Ynnr mnt n has a wnvs hfiftn. I .et the LrO V*
ism. Your motto has always been, Let the Gov-
ernment take care of the rich, and the rich will
on which the flection notoriously turned north,
shvtrV6 questionW you rawU General'Taylor' ITl !1 take care of the poor. Well may Whiggery rejoice
things to all men- and it has been by such means ,i 111 this the hour of its triumph, tor a day of reckon-
that vour boasted victory has been won. And ;i ing will come. Let Democracy be of good cheer
now yr let ask the gentleman from New | for the day will be when the people shall winnow
YoTk if I wasTiot right in the beginning, when I ! the harvest and separate the false from the good
Ift was fortunatTS'or the truth'> history, and .1 seed. In that day Democracy will be stored  
for the correct instruction of mankind, that politi- :
cal tricksters were not the most accredited histo- j
rians of their own lives, times, and tricks?
...   day  
their heart of hearts, but Whjggery will be scattered
: as chaff before the winds.
A word in conclusion, Mr. Chairman, as to
what the people have not deeded in the late Presi-
dential race. Rely upon it, sir, they have not
decided in favor of Whig measures—they have not
decided against Democratic measures. Thousands
and tens of thousands of voters in the North have
been brought to General Taylor's support on tne
Free-soil issue. Other thousands of honest, up-
MR. HUNT, OF NEW YORK.
Mr. HUNT next obtained the floor. As he had
no idea of being drawn into a discussion of this
character at the present time, he should not, for
thefew minutes remaining before the hour fixed for
the close of debate upon the bill before the commit-
tee, go into an examination of the issues taken,
and the principles which prevailed, in the late
