m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. 28,
30th Gong 2d Sess. 'Review of the Report of the Secretary of the Treasury—Mr. Pollock.
Ho. or Reps.
reference to any other committee would separate
"that Which the past and present policy of the
cduHtrv has joined together. The reference'to the
Crimmittee of Way's and Means will obviate the
(difficulty, and secure for the "general subject the
ednsMer'a'lion demanded by its importance, both as
a;qtte"stion of revenue and protection. No gentle-
* riian tfpon ftfis floor is'a'mofe firm advocate of the
protective policy than myself; arid when 1 vote to
refer the portidn of the, message already indicated
to the Committee of Ways and Mean's, and against
its? reference to the Committee tin Manufactures, it
will not be on account of any opposition I have to
th&t'dofctriiie. On the contrary, 1 desire that policy
of .1846 does not only, not protect the American
manufacturer and laborer, but it encourages the
foreign manufacturer, and invites his competition.
Examine the act in its details, and it will be seen
that a higher rate of duty, in many instances, is.
assessed upon the raw' material than upon the
article manufactured therefrom; the difference of
duty being but a premium to the foreign manufac-
turer—an inducement to him to introduce his wares
and merchandise into the United States, and sub-
stitute them for the American manufactured article.
| This is the case with many of the articles manu-
| factored from iron, but more particularly with
the woolen fabrics—the duty being from five to ten
to'be maintained and defended. It has ever been j! per centum less upon the manufactured article than
regarded as the true policy of the country, and '  r ,™
lias been sustained by the wisest and best of Amer-
ican "statesmen. Tt secures alike the interests of
the Government and the people; it replenishes your
treasury, and protects the industry of the country.
the raw material. Will the foreign merchant im-
' port the raw material, when he can introduce the
| manufactured article at a lower rate of duty ? He
! not only avoids the payment of a higher rate of
duty, by introducing the material already manu-
Unfortunately, other counsels have recently pre- |; factured; but the conversion of the raw material,
Vailed—other principles have been adopted; and lj-in foreign workshops, gives employment to labor
-we are now m the full tide of a new and rash ex- |j and capital abroad—Secures to the foreign manu-
periment. The opponents of tlie policy of pro- jj facturer the profits of such conversion, and jpei-
tection, emboldened by the adventitious success of l( dentally encourages and promotes the agricultural
their favorite measure, the act,of 1846, arc now ! and commercial interests of the manufacturing ria-
clamorous for free trade arid direct taxation. The j tion. This system, while it tends to build up and
report of the Secretary of the Treasury boldly j sustain foreign manufactures, and encourage for-
advo'cates the'doctrinesof free trade; and the Pres-! eign labor, pulls down and destroys our own.
ident, in his message, sanctions and approves the J These discriminations have operated injuriously,
report. Let, then, this whole subject be referred
as indicated, and the result will be, that the errors
and sophisms of the Secretary of the Treasury
will be fully exposed, whilst the principles of those
who advocate the protective policy will be vindi-
cated and maintained. We fear not an appeal to
facts. Examination and investigation will expose
error and establish truth.
There is, sir, a necessity for this reference.
There is a necessity that this subject, in connec-
tion with the report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, should be fully examined and investigated;
that the facts connected with the operation of the :
act of 1846 should be fairly and truthfully pre- j
sented to the American people. When the act of !
' 18'40 was "passed, the friends o-f-the act of 1842 I
opposed its passage, for many reasons. Among ;
others, the ad valorem principle which was substi- !
tute'd for specific duties was considered an innova-j
tion", not only upon the principles which had here-
-toforfe controlled the legislation of this country, !
"but of all the civilized countries of the world. No !
country can be found where a system of ad valo- |
rem duties prevails as in our own. England, with j
all her boasted advocacy of free trade, has not j
abandoned specific duties; she still adheres to them '
tenaciously; she refuses to adopt the ad valorem '
principle, in its length and breadth, but hesitates j
not to recommend it to other nations. Our own .
statesmen, who see so much to admire in the theo- j
ries of British political economists, might learn ;
wisdom from their example; and would better pro
and the result will be, the prostration of many im-
portant branches of American industry, unless the
act is repealed or greatly modified. The act of
1842 had at least the merit of discriminating in
favor of American interests—not against them. It
protected the country from the fatal effects of an
overwhelming foreign competition; it replenished
the treasury, without sacrificing the interests of
home industry, and it supplied the wants of the
people from the products of their own looms and
workshops. The substitution of the domestic article
for ihe/oreign,is orie of the grave charges preferred
by the Secretary of the Treasury against the act
of 1842. The honorable Secretary, seeming to
evince more anxiety for the revenue than for the
general interests of the country, in his report made
to the House at the commencement of this session,
'says: " As the high duties under the act of 1842
' were rapidly substituting the domestic articles,
' and excluding the foreign rival, the revenue must
< have declined." Whether the premises or the
conclusions of the Secretary are the most worthy
of admiration, I will leave to the impartial judg-
ment of the American people. Such views and
such sentiments are in perfect accordance with the
odious discriminations against American interests
that characterized the act of 1846. If the substi-
tution of " the domestic articles" and the exclu-
sion of " the foieign rivaF' is a fault, then, sir, to
be Arneri'can in feeling and interestis a crime. I do
not propose to enter upon an elaborate argument
to show how ad valorem duties necessarily destroy
mote the interests of their own country by reject- j| the principle of protection. A system of revenue
ing their theory and imitating their practice.
The friends of (he act of 1842 were not only
opposed to this innovation as dangerous and inex-
pedient, but it was considered by them as-a total
abandonment of the protective policy. The act
of 1846 was so regarded at the time of its passage.
Ttfe rate of duty and the mode of assessment ex-
cluded the idea of protection. Protection, inci-
dental or "otherwise, has no place in that act.
Revenue, and revenue alone, was the object of its
framers. The fostering care of the Government
was withdrawn from the labor of the country;
foreign competition was invited, and foreign im-
portations encouraged, by which alone the reve-;| and colleague over the way, [Mr. Thompson,]
nues could be augmented ; in fine, a foreign policy,
in opposition to the American policy, is the chief '
characteristic of the act of 1846. In ail this the
friends of the "American system" could see noth- '
ing but disaster to the industrial interests of the
nation. Experience has proved that the fears then i
ente'rtained liave been more than realized; for while .
the revenues have been temporarily augmented, ■
every branch of industry, with but few exceptions, j
is suffering from the fatal effects of that ill-advised j
measure. I
- They opposed it not only on the ground of the I
abandonment of the principle of protection, but be- I
cause the m'odeofasseSsifient'discriminated against j
the ffl&riufactures of the United States. Th« act i
designed to protect the industry of the country,
principally or incidentally, must be fixed and cer-
tain in its operation. Permanency in the value and
mode of assessment is essential. The ad valorem
system does not possess this requisite. Fluctuating
and changing with every change of price—subject
to all the disturbing influences that affect the trade
and commerce of the world, it fails to give protec-
tion when protection is most lequired. Specific
duties, fixed and permanent, operate under all cir-
cumstances to maintain and protect the industrial
interests of the country.
Sir, I must confess my surprise, that my friend
should, a few days since, in the debate on the
President's message, have referred to the tariff of
1842 in the terms he then used. That gentleman
and myself, shoulder to shoulder, have battled on
this floor in defence, not only of the act itself, bu
volve gentlemen in strange inconsistencies; and it
might be, that having attached himself to the for-
tunes of a party, the gentleman felt constrained, in"
consistency-with the course of that party, in some
degree to violate the doctrines which he himself
had advocated and sustained. His great and par-
amount objection to the act of 1842 was the mini-
mum principle it contained; yet, at the same time,
he advocated a modification of the act of 1846, by
repealing the ad valorem duties upon coal and iron,
and substituting upon these articles specific dutiesv
The question was very pertinently asked my col-
league by gentlerrien on this floor, how he would
discriminate between the principle of minimum and
specific duties—what was the difference? The ques-
tion was very properly asked, but my friend cer-
tainly failed to'give a very definite or satisfactory
answer. The difference between mminfum and
specific duties, is, in fact, merely a difference in
form, not in substance. The one is an assessment
of a fixed sum upon a certain quantity; the other
is the assessment of a certain ad valorem duty
upon a determinate value, which is assumed and
fixed by law. . Under the act of 1842, the mini-
mum principle, as applied to cotton cloth, was this:
a yard of cotton costing less than twenty cents
was deemed and taken to be of the value of
twenty cents, and upon this value a duty of thirfy
per centum was charged. The result of this mode
of assessment was a fixed and certain duty of six
cents on the square yard of cotton. By the same
act, a specific duty of twenty-five dollars w^s as-
sessed upon a ton of rolled iron. The mode of as-
sessment is different; the result in both cases being
a duty equally certain and specific. Although a
restoration of minimum duties upon thq articles to
which they were applied in the act of 1842, or the
application of specific duties to these articles, may
not he desirable, yet an objection to this act,
founded upon, or justified by, a supposed differ-
ence between minimum and specific duties is, to
say the least of it, a minimum objection.
I ask the attention of the House to more import-
ant considerations. Those who opposed the pas-
sage of the act of 1846, adduced, as an argument
against it, the fact that low duties encouraged ex-
cessive importations, and induced a ruinous com-
petition.of foreign with home productions; that
to increase the revenue under a system of low du-
ties, importations must be largely increased. This
last position was-not denied; it could not be de-
nied. It is the basis of the free-trade policy, and
is openly advocated by those who opposed the
protective policy. Such being the operation of'a
system of low duties, large importations were an-
ticipated under the act of 1846, much larger than
at any period during the existence of the act of
1842. In some remarks I had the honor to submit
to the House during the last session of Congress
on this subject, I then said: "The importations of
' this year, (1848,) exclusive of specie, will exceed
1 those of the last at least thirty millions. The
( total importations for the same period, exclusive
' of specie, from data already known, will fall but
' little below, and may exceed one hundred and fifty
1 millions." Have these statements been verified?
The excess of importations during the year 1848,
over the previous year, specie excluded, as appears
officially in the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, is about twenty-seven millions. The
total importations,"for the same period, from the
same authority, were nearly one hundred and forty'
nine millions. It will thus be seen that the estimates
then submitted differ but little from the actual re-
sult. Finding my views in this regard confirmed
by the actual operation of the act of ]84G, I con-
fess my surprise when I read the following state- -
ment m the report of the Secretary:
It i- thus shown ;:l-o hythe returns, that this augmented
revenue is derived from a comparatively small amount ol
foreign imports consumed in lite United States; that amount,
as shown by tile table before referred to. (marked F,) of at 1
the>c fniei^n imports !l:u- consumed in the jear ending
of the protective policy embodied in it; and when 1] J"'"' 30, IMS, i-xclu^vc of specie, being but
o*£>ritn rneo nntl rlPilonUPHfl fiiaf mencivro oc
a !i upon winch was realised a notrevenup of£31,7.77.0*0 96. It
the gentleman rose and denounced that measure as
an odious one, containing within itself the elements
of its own destruction, 1 was certainly astonished.
I know not how to account for the chaise that has
come over the spiritof the gentleman's dream: cer-
tainly there is nothing in the recent events that
have transpired in Pennsylvania that could change,
or justify a changeof his sentiments on the pro-
tective -policy. But political associations often in-
appears al^o from ffie same table, that so fai trom this tariff
having filled the couitfry wtth foreign goods beyond its
capacity for consumption, the dornotic exports las-tyear,
exclusive of specio, actually exeecded by the -sum (per
table) of ,^,713,697 the foreign imports, exclusive of specie, •
fon-uined the -same year in the Umted tftates, including all
articles but specie, both free and dutiable; tiius showing a
h;i'auee of foreign trade in our favor,'5 See.
This statement, if reliable, would seem to eon- .
•firm the theories of th'e Secretary, and the facts
