1848.]
APPENDIX TO THE COKGKESSlQNA"L 'GLOBE.
30th Cong 2d Sess. 'Review of the Report of the Secretary of the Treasury—Mr. Pollock.
Ho. of Reps.
Announced wouttf furnish an almost unanswerable
vindication of the act of 1846 as a revenue meas-
ure. I turned to the tables to which reference had
{been made, and there I was met by another fact
equally startling, equally confirmatory of the prin-
ciples of free trade. By a compaYison'of the im-
ports consumed in the year 1847 with those con-
sumed in the year 1848, the increase for the last
period over the former was found to be eleven mil-
Uons tzvo hundred and thirty-two thousand dollars?
whilst the increase of revenue for the last period
over the former was eight millions and nine thou-
sand dollarsI Eleven millions increase of importa-
tions, eight millions increase of revenue!—the in-
crease of revenue being but three millions less than
the increase of importations, and this, too, under
k system of low duties. And this fact will appear
•still more surprising:, when it is remembered that
the fiscal year 1847 embraced but Jive months
vnder the act of 1842, and seven months under the
act of 1846; and that three-fourths of the total im-
ports of that year were made during the last seven
months. Could so large an increase of revenue be
realized from so 4t comparatively small" increase
of importations, the same system of low duties
being1 in operation for seven months of the pre-
vious year? Can these things be so? or is there
«rror somewhere? Let the tables of the Secretary
and the facts furnish the answer- To facilitate
our examinations, that portion of table F, to which
the Secretary of the Treasury has referred, is given
below*, commencing with the year 1845, and end-
ing with the year 1848, inclusive. The revenue
for each year, included in this part of the table, is
added, for convenient reference. The tonhage'is
omitted.' The table is as follows:
Total imports.
Imports consumed in
Ujc United States, ex-
clusive of specie.
Domestic produce ex-
ported, exclusive of
specie.
Foreign merchandise
exported, exclusive of
specie.
Total exports.
The total imports include merchandise, free and
dutiable, and specie. To ascertain, therefore, the
^actual amount of foreign imports consumed in the
United States, exclusive of specie, we must first,
"ascertain the amount of specie imported. And
here i may"remark, that the amount of specie im-
ported and exported is nowhere stated in the report
of the Secretary, or in the message of the President.
There seems to be an ominous and studied silence
on this subject. The amount can only be ascer-
tained, if at all, by calculations founded on the
tables presented in the report. This silence will
appear the more singular, when it is recollected,
that in the report of the Secretary for the year
1847, the amount of imports and exports of specie
ia not only stated once, biu repeated on almost
every page of the report; and tables, carefully pre-
pared, are presented, showing the large importa-
tio'nsof specie for that year, as compared with other
years. The fact- was announced, with something
Wore than a mere rhetorical flourish—with notes
of triumph—that the importations of specie were
#24,121,289, whilst the exports, for the same pe-
riod, were but $1,845,119; leaving a specie balance
in our favor of $22,276,170. These notes of tri-
umph are not now heard. There is a prbfound
silence in this regard, save a reluctant admission,
accompanied by a multitude of explanations, that
the " vast sums lost to American creditors (in
' Europe) required to be replaced by the export of
' our specie, which was greatly augmented by the
' discredit in our market of all bills drawn on our
' foreign shipments, producing, by this artificial
' rise of exchange-, an unnatural demand for specie,
' and a consequent exportation. But all this specie
'must soon come back to our country, except so far !
' as it is lost by foreign bankruptcy." The fact is j
here admitted that the exporta of specie for that
year "were large; it may be inferred from the lan-
guage of the Secretary that the imports were small.
This unfortunate change in the specie account may
have induced the omission of the amount of im-
ports and exports, which was so liberally given in
•the report 0/ the previous year.
But to return. Can we, from the table furnished
by the Secretary, ascertainihe true amount of specie '
imported? Let us see. As the specie imported is |
included in the total imports, we must, to derive j
the amount, ^educt from the total imports, the !
amount of imports consumed in the United States
and the foreign merchandise exported. Thus:
Total imports, specie included $154,977,876
Deduct imports consumed in the
United States ". $127,490,012
Deduct foreign merchandise ex-
ported   7,986,806
   135,476,818
Amount of specie imported, as per tab! c P..., 19,501,058
We thus have the amount of specie imported,
according to tabic P., nineteen millions five hun-
dred thousand dollars,omittingthefractions. Is this
the true amount of specie imported during the fiscal
year 1848? It is not in harmony with the admis-
sions of the Secretary, and is contrary to the
knowledge of the general fact by every gentleman
who was the least observant of the movements of
specie during that year. It is well known that the
import of specie was small during that period.
When, therefore, my examinations revealed the
result already stated, I could not but regard it as
an error. I called upon the Register of the Treas-
ury for information; f have his official statement
before me.' The amount of specie imported, ac-
cording to this statement, is (§6,359,854) six mil-
lions three hundred and fifty-nine thousand eight
hundred and fifty-four dollars—being thirteen mil-
lions one hundred and forty-one thousand two hundred
and four dollars less than the amount shown by the
table to which I have referred. This error or dis-
crepancy cannot be explained by saying that the
foreign merchandise remaining in the public ware-
houses at the-close of the fiscal year is included in
the total imports, and must, therefore, be deducted
from their amount. Such is not the fact. The
merchandise remaining in the warehouses at the
close of the year is not included in the total im-
ports, as the accounts made up for the year 1847
clearly show, and as I have been informed by the
Register of the Treasury. Foreign imports entered
at the custom-house for payment of duties, or for
consumption in the United States, are included in
the tosai imports-, but foreign merchandise entered
for warehousing is not carried to that account
until entered for payment of duties. Were it
otherwise, the fact would not explain the discrep-
ancy, for the reason that the amount of foreign
merchandise in warehouse at the close of that year,
falls far below the alleged error in the amount of
specie imported.
But the error does not stop here. H affects other
important items contained in table F, particularly
the amount of imports consumed in the United
States. The Secretary, in his report, says " that
' the foreign imports consumed in the year ending
' 30th June, 1848, exclusive of specie, were but
' one hundred and twenty-seven- millions four hun-
' dred and ninety thousand and twelve dollars,
' upon which was realised a net revenue of $31,-
' 757,070."
I will now proceed to show that the sum of one
hundred and twenty-seven millions, exclusive of
specie,"Is not tire true amount of imports consumed
in that year, that the error in this amount is sull
greater than in the amount of specie imported. To
determine the amount of imports consumed in that
year, exclusive of specie, we must deduct frorntHe
total imports the sjiecie imported and the foreign
merchandise exported, tohich was included in the
total, imports. The amount of specie imported, we
have seen, was §6,359,854. "The amount of foreiglt
merchandise exported, exclusive of specie, as stated
in the table, is |7,986,806. We then have—
Total import*', specie included .$154,377,876
Deduct specie imported ^8,359,854
Deduct foreign merchandise ex-
ported, &c...; .<  7,986,806
   14,346,668
Aetna! amount of imports consumed, exclu-
sive of specie , ....... 140,631^216
Amount of imports consumed, exclusive of
specie, as per table   127,400,012
Eirorin amoiuH consumed,...,  13,141,964
It will be perceived that this error is the same
in amount as the error in amount of specie im-
ported. I now ask attention to a fact that will
explain the origiit of these errors, and which proves
the correctness of the calculation.I have submit-
ted. The amount of the error in both cases is
precisely the amount of sjKcie exported in foreign
coin and bullion during the fiscal year 1848, as
will appear by the report on commerce and navi-
gation, when printed and laid upqp your tables.
In making up table. F, in the Secretary's report,
the amount of foreign coin exported was regarded
as so much foreign merchandise exported of the
imports of that year, and was improperly deducted
from the total imports, the whole amount of specie
imported having been previously taken from these
imports. If the imports of specie for that year
had been nineteen and a half millions, instead of
six and a Ijidf millions, which was the true amount,
then the additional sum of thirteen millions would
have been properly taken from the total imports,
to determine the amount of foreign merchandise
consumed or remaining in the United States, anil
from which the revenue had been derived. The
fact that this amount of specie was exported in
foreign coin, and not in American coin, cannot
change the result. It was so much specie exported
which had not been imported during that year, and
therefore ought not to be deducted from the total
imports of that period.
But it may be said that this specie in foreign
coin was imported m 1847, or previously. Beit
so. The faci that foreign coin was imported in
1847, and exported in 1S48, will not affect the
amount of foreign merchandise, exclusivj of spe-
cie, of the imports of 1848, consumed or remaining
in the United States, and from which the revenues
for that year were derived. Let me illustrate this
position. Suppose a merchant, in 1847, had im-
ported ten thousand dollars in foreign coin; and
that m 1848 he imported ten thousand dollars in
value of foreign merchandise, to pay for which he
exported, the same year, the foreign specie pie-
viotssly imported: what amount of foreign mer-
chandise will remain in the hands of the merchant?
Evidently the amount .imported, undiminished by
the export of an equal amount of foreign coin. The
coin is gone; but the amount of merchandise re-
mains. If the foreign coin exported reduces the
amount of merchandise imported, m the case sup-
posed—which is the principle assumed in the re-
port of the Sccrctary—then it follows, the imports
and exports being equal, that no imports of 1848
remain in the hands of (he merchant. Let us ap-
ply this illustration to the case presented in the re-
j port now under consideration. I have shown that
the actual amountof imports consumed in the Urn-
i ted States, exclusive of specie imported, in 1848,
i was one hundred and fot'ly millions. From this
1 sum the Secretary deducts the foreign coin ex-
' ported, which coin was not included in the imports
] of that year, and then asserts the amount of foreign
! merchandise consumed to be tne £l comparatively
I small sum of one hundred and twenty-seven mil-
1 lions." Wow if, instead of exporting thirteen'
I millions in foreign coin, we had exported Tine hun-
! dred and forty millions, previously imported m
> exchange for domestic productions, and would
■ deduct "this last sum from the total impoits—the
1 specie imported and the foreign merchandise ex-
i ported being first deducted—it would follow that
| not one dollar of imports was consumed in that
' year; and still further, that the thirty-one millions
i of revenue had been realized, not from a certain
It amount of imports, " comparatively small" or
