1849.]
APPENBIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13t
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Slavery in the New Territories—Mr'. McClelland.
Ho. of Reps.
the free exercise of their religion without restric-
tion. We are ready and willing to carry into full
effect all these stipulations, but are opposed to
every scheme that will have the slightest tendency
to propagate slavery in that country. This would
be contrary to what was anticipated by the Mexi-
cans, and what was understood (if we can rely
upon the language of the commissioner on our
part, Mr. Trist) by them to be the intention of
our Government. He says:
" Among the points which came under discussion was
the exclusion of slavery from ail territory which should pass
from Mexico. In the course of these lemarks upon the sub-
ject, I was told that if it wore proposed to the people of the
United States to part with a portion of their territory, in
older that the Inquisition should be therein established, the
proposal could not excite stronger feelings of abhorrence
than the«e awakened in Mexico hy the prospect of the in-
troduction ot slavery in any territory parted with hy her."
Here is the testimony of him who made the
treaty, and whose declaration upon this subject is
certainly worthy our consideration. And why
should we hesitate in conforming our action to this
" understanding, and in fulfilling all our implied stip-
ulations in good faith to the Mexican Govern-
ment?
The gentleman from "Virginia, [Mr. Preston,]
and the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Hji.i.iard,]
call upon us to o.omply with the demands of the
people of California and New Mexico. Give them a
State government, and submit the slavery question
to the people. A distinguished citizen of my own
StatB wilt*be gratified to learn that those who re-
cently opposed his election to the highest office in
the gift of the people, and defeated him by means
of this question, are now becoming willing converts
to his doctrine. Why was not this ground as-
sumed before by our friends on the other side of
the House? However, we join hands with them,
and cordially agree to carry out the expressed
wishes of the people of these two Territories, and
this we were willing to do at any time during this
session. But what do these people desire? By
reference to the petition of the people of New Mex-
ico, presented in the Senate by the Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] they call for a temporary>
or territorial civil government; they request that
the offices of governor, secretary of state, United
States marshal, United States district attorney, and
judges be filled by appointment by the President of
the United States by und with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate; and they say: "We do not de-
' sire to have domestic slavery within our borders,
*and until the time shall arrive for our admission
* into the Union as a State, we desire to be protected
'by Congress against their introduction amongst
* us." Such, sir, is the application of the inhabit-
ants of New Mexico. From the information we
possess in regard to California, the same sentiments
prevail there. All the letters received thence, which
speak Oti this subject, concur in the general ex-
pression that a territorial government is required,
and that it is expected slavery and involuntary
servitude will be prohibited. Such is also the tone
of the newspaper published at San Francisco, and
I have yet to see the first letter containing even an
intimation that a solitary individual in these terri-
tories* desires slavery or a State government. The.
latest information received from California is con-
tained in the letters of Commodore Jones to the
Secretary of the Navy, and Mr. Folsom, of the
Quartermaster's Department, to General Jesup;
and both urge upon us the imperative necessity of
giving them a provisional or territorial government.
All our Territories have gone through a state of
tutelage and preparation. Its good effects have
been realized by the people in our new States, and
their experience on this point is of great value to
us. It would be difficult to find one of them who
would approve of the immediate organization of a
State government. By an examination of the acts
of Congress, it will be found that the average
duration of territorial governments is about fifteen
years. The territorial government of Ohio was
the shortest, being about five years, and Michigan
the longest, being1 "about thirty years. Louisiana
was eight, and Florida twenty years, preparing to
discharge the functions of a State organization.
And are the inhabitants of New Mexico or Cali-
fornia better prepared to administer the affairs of
a State government than the people of these States ?
Hear what the Judiciary Committee of the Senate
(composed of Messrs. Butler, Berrien, "West-
cott, Dayton, and Downs, the last dissenting)
say in regard to the State bill of the Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Douglas]:
"The ninth article of that treaty [Mexican treaty] wa«,
in consequence, amended, &o as to give notice to the Mex-
ican Government, and to those Mexicans who chose to
transfer their allegiance to the United States, of the terms
on which they would he incorporated into the Union, and
be admitted to all the rights of citizens of the United States;
that this would be done not instantly, as is proposed by this
bill, but1 at the proper tune to he judged of by the Congress
of the United States;' that is to say, when, hy a course ot
territorial pupilage they had become acquainted with our
Constitution and laws, conversant with the operations of
the Government, and had acquired, in some degree, that
similarity of character which can alone fit men, for the inti-
mate political association which exists between the several
States of this Union."
It appears to me that no candid man can fail
to be convinced of the force of these views, thus
strongly and briefly expressed; and if they are cor-
rect, then a State government is out of the question.
But a few days ago the gentleman from Alabama
[Mr. Hiluarq] asked leave of the House to intro-
duce a bill for the organization of a State govern- j
ment in California; and,' at first blush, it appeared
so obnoxious to members, that on a test vote leave
was refused by 120 noes to 60 ayes. This was
not the result of any feeling of discourtesy to the
gentleman from Alabama—for whom every one en-
tertains the highest respect—but it was the impar-
tial and disinterested manifestation of the opinions
of the House. Time will show what change " ma:
lign influences" may produce upon our minds. No
man acquainted with the secret springs of action
here will pretend to form any correct conclusions
from this recorded vote. Mark what the future
will develop, and what an expunging process may
become necessary'to preserve the consistency of
certain gentleman in this House !
But, sir, how are we to dispose of the pledges
and promises made by c^ir own Government to the
inhabitants of these territories? It is understood
that generally the proclamations of our officers in
command in Mexico were framed here, and ob-
tained the sanction of this Administration. Now,
General Kearny, in his proclamations at Santa
Fe, on the 26th of August, 1846, and at Monterey,
on the Pacific, on the 1st of March, 1847, promised
the people free governments like those of our own
territories, and the choice of their own legislature
to enact laws for them. We cannot, in good faith,
disregard such obligations, and refuse their fulfill-
ment.
Suppose, Mr. Chairman, you impose a State
Government upon them, how are they to support
and maintain it? It will cost annually at least
§60,000, which, at two mills on the dollar—and
this is rather an exorbitant tax—will require
§30,000,000 of taxable property. Where is-this
property? There are very few lands thej-e owned
in fee simple, and there is comparatively but little
personal property, and I cannot conceive how they
are to raise money to sustain the machinery of a
State organization. How can they construct roads,
build schoolhouses, support schools, defray their i
town and county charges and improve their country, j
with such a burden resting upon them? Sir, if we j
desire to harass, embarrass, and oppress these j
people, and drive them from us, (as some fear we j
shall if we do not provide a government for them,) i
we should pass this State law. If anything will ;
induce them to make an attempt to free themselves ;
from this Union, it will be this gross injustice and ;
disregard of their rights and our own pledges. :
Look at these State bills, and see the power you j
are conferring on the President of the United
States, who controls the officers in the Territories..,
They are empowered to form election districts, to
designate the time and place of holding elections,
to appoint the judges and inspectors, prescribe the ;
mode and manner'of making returns, to apportion i
the delegates that are to meet m convention and >'
form the constitution, afid fix upon the time and j
place of holding the convention, with other inci- |
dental and inferential powers connected with our
system of elections. Would our people grant
such plenary powers to any of our State govern- !
ments? . Most of our States are striving to curtail ;
Executive power, and both the great parties in the '
Union are constantly declaiming against it and its ;
exercise at the seat of the General Government; t
and yet .we are called upon now to cast aside all :
well established principles, and go for what may ■
emphatically- be termed the one-man power. It !
cannot be that men are so forgetful of the pasfc and
so heedless of the future. . ' '
Again: here is a vast extent of country, the parts
differ in natural relations, climate, soil, produc-
tions, markets, and people, with vast ranges of
impassable mountains, deserts, and a great basin
obstructing and precluding their intercourse; and
yet they are all embraced in one State by the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Preston,] and in two
by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,,] and
the same institutions are to govern the whole.
A few individuals, not to exceed 15,000 whites of
all nations, according to the.late letter of Mr.
i Folsom, dated December 25, 1848, in California,
and a smaller number in New Mexico, are to frame
a fundamental law for millions of people hereafter.
If by -possibility—and there appears to be nothing
in politics impossible for this institution to accom-
plish in this country—slavery should be ingrafted
upon their constitution or constitutions, how are
we to get rid of it; and what prospect will there be
of its ever being extinguished in any part of this
immense region? Sir, I fear there is evil lurking
beneath the language of this bill, and that it is an
ingeniously-devised scheme for the extension of
slavery.
None of the hills define the boundary between
Texas and New Mexico, but leave this question
open for the decision of the Supreme Couit; and
if it is as tardy as it was in the case between the
States of Massachusetts and Rhode Island, it will
not be determined in less than ten years. The
citizens of New Mexico east of the Rio Grande
(and most of the inhabitants reside there) are
authorized by the provisions of these bills |o coop-
erate with the other citizens of these territories in
the formation of the constitution. These very men
who may hereafter be setoff to Texas, and brought
under its jurisdiction, may, through their delegates,
be the means of ingrafting upon that constitution
features that aie abhorrent to a majority of the
people of the balance of the territories; and if the
ordinary provision as to amending the constitu-
tion should be inserted requiring a two-thirds vote
of the legislature to recommend a change, the ma-
jority may be put into the power of the minority.
In the mean time, by what laws are Santa Fe and
1 the contiguous territory to be governed? If crimes
I and misdemeanorsarecommitted upon the disputed
j ground, how are the perpetrators to be punished?
j Is there any power in this Government to grant to
j the two contesting States concurrent jurisdiction?
j and if they had it, how could it be exercised ? Ctues-
! tions of this description have perplexed and em-
barrassed other States, and unless settled by Con-
gress, this will create an intensity of bitter feeling -
on the borders of these'new States, which we
should endeavor to prevent. It is our duty to fix
the limits and boundaries of each, as Congress did
in the cases of Ohm and Michigan, and Michigan
and Wisconsin. We undoubtedly have the power,
and it only requires a little nerve to do it. When
done, there is no doubt that our decisioimviil be
readily acquiesced in, and all difficulties between
the States will soon be forgotten. But leave it open
to be contested and no one can fortell the deplor-
able consequences that may ensue. The longer it
remains undecided the worse it will be, for thoie are
few things which the people of a Stfcte will desire
to preserve more than the integrity of their soil,
and nothing upon which the political demagogue
can so successfully descant.
Mr. Chairman, how many votes do you imagine'
could have been obtained for such an extravagant
proposition last session? Was there a member
, who had conceived the project of making one, or
: at most two States of this great extent of terri-
I tory ? By the bill of the Senator fgom Illinois, the
! Stale of California will have some 660 miles on the
| Pacific Ocean, and 550 on the line of the 4l2d degree
i of north latitude. He divides the whole Territory
! acquired into two nearly equal parts, each con-
: taining about 263,000 square miles. I have ob-
| tained from the report of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, made at the first session of
the thirtieth Congress, the area in square miles of
the new States which have been admitted into the
Union, and I find that—
Sguare MUej.
Ohio has 39,i?0o
Indiana     33,b08
Illinois 55,404
^ Missouri..   67,380
