m
APREMDIX T© TiK CWKSSSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 17,
3Qj;h Cqno 2d Sess.
Slavery in.th^Ncts Territories—Mr. McClelland.
Square Miles.
Alabama ; 50,722
Mississippi   47.147
Louifiai^   46^431
Michigan  
Arkansas     52,198
Wisconsin ~ *V1Q?M
Tp™ :::::::so;9i4
Florida   g%a68'
It will be perceived by this statement that Mis-
souri is the Ingest, and it m^y be well to'remark
th§t it ia larger than Virginia, the largest of the
old States. I apprehend, if you'were to consult
the sensible, considerate and reflecting men of
these new States, they would ltUelYyou that their
„ States are abundantly large for all practical pur-
poses, and that sound policy and justice to them
shoAild- have, induced Cpngress to restrict rather
than enlarge the boundaries. They would oppose
tb%«e unwieldy, unmanageable machines, whose ,
operation can never conduce to the harmony, union, 1
or happiness of the people. It may be said that j
these Slates are not so large as- Texas. True, j
but Texas is too large, and there.is power given to [
subdivide her into five States ; and it was npt sup-!
posed, I presume, by a single member who,voted
for the annexation, that she would preserve her
present extensive limits. When four more States,
are carved out of Texas, each ^ill contain 79,400
square miles, wfhich in my opinion will be found
incompatible with the interests of the State,
Here I would enquire why this Senator passes
over the moualains with the southern boundary
for the State of California, and does not extend it
directly to the Mexican line, so that if California
becomes a, free State and by any unforeseen move-
ment New Mexico is covered with slavery, the
free States will be bounded by Mexico, and not be
entirely cut off from it? That gentleman must
know that it is the object and desire of many of
the southern statesmen to have a cordon of slave
States between the free States and Mexico—and
why? Because if any further accessions take place
in that quarter, they may have the benefit of them.
If slavery should be extended along this northern,
boundary of Mexico, does he believe that aggres-
sions upon Mexico will be prevented, and that no
more Mexican territory will be acquired ? I can-
didly confess I do not understand this move, but
hope it is susceptible of a satisfactory explana-
tion. I do not mean tp charge- that the southern
people will seek any cause, of aggression against
the Mexican Government, but I am afraid we
shall have abundance of it without our seeking.
But to leturn to this project of forrnmp* such
large States. Let us look into the acts of those
wise men of old, whose names we profess so much
to revere, but whose opinions and principles we so
often disregard. What did they think of the prop-
er extent of a State? In 1790, Congress resolved,
m relation to the Northwest Territory, that each
State should contain a suitable extent of territory
not less than one hundred nor more than one hun-
dred and fifty miles square, or as near thereto as
circumstances would admit. Jn 1783, the State of
Virginia adopted similar resolutions. The ordi-
nance of 1787 required that not less than three nor
more than five States should be formed out of the
Northwestern Territory, and not one of those
folates, now constituting a part of the Union, ex-
ceeds o7.000 square miles.
Tu6,?e,Tit0>ies of California and New Mexico
are half as large as Russia in Europe and Russian
Poland which, although not one third of it is
slnnnnnlw-l!!lv^ed> contains a population of
54,000,000 of inhabitants; and why may not these
territories in the course of time sustain as gieat a
number Such a State would crush the smaller
states here, and members have already felt the in-
it lie nee of an Empire State in these halls. United
their representation would be irresistible, and the
only mode of defence that could be adopted would
be to divide it by some means, and this would
probably lead to intestine feuds and commotions
in the otate. The new States have not had that
voire m fhe Senate, to which their extent and limits
entitle them; and even when theirpopulatiori ex- i
ceeds the old Stat.es, they will not have it. Many '
western men have manifested rather a grasping
disposition, and have looked upon large and extend
I am nn. efWkth feehn«s of Pn(le a"d pleasure.
1 am not one of them. My belief is, that we shall
Itl Z 7ben We ^^egret it. Our policy
and the great interests of the nation demand that
Ho. of Reps.
we should be strongly represented in the Senate'.
If ever an effort is made to dissolve this Union,
the new States, from their geographical position,
will^ prevent it. Never can they be induced to
favor, a scheme which would prostrate and make
them subservient to the northern and southern
'States. The North ana the South might, by force
of circumstances and under strong feelings of ex-
citement, be, in an unfortunate moment, persuaded
to looK upon disunion with some degree of favor;
but never could the Westhe. prevailed upon to think
of it for a moment. The great lakes and the inland
seas bind us to the North, East, and South, -with
bands that cannot be broken. If such a time ever
arrives in our destiny, you will see the new States
present an unbroken front, and step forward with
a determination that will-strike down all resist-
ance. ^ But, sir, although there are those who may
m their hearts desire this sad calamity to befall us,
the American people have too much regard for the
perpetuity of our institutions ever to countenance
any effort to destroy the Union.
It is said, Mr. Chairman, that we gain nothing
by passing a territorial bill with the principle of the
ordinance of 1787 ingrafted upon it, because the
President will not give it his executive sanction.
Be it so; we shall have discharged our duty to the
country, let him discharge his. If a government
cannot be organized for these-territories on such
terms, then I, for one, am for " masterly inactivity."
If we are to be driven to the wall, I would rather
confide iti the people themselves, than trust any ex-
ecutive or officials' to act for them. They know
their wants; they have spoken to us in language
that cannot be misunderstood, and judgin°- from
the character of their applications, I am more will-
ing to leave this matter to them, than grant the
power asked for to the President or any officers un-
der his control, I care not who they may be. The
people are a more safe depositary of power than
they, and on this question I have more confidence '
in them. We have far more to fe^r from the op-
eration of these State bills than our oivn inaction.
Most of the emigration is from the free States or
from Europe, where slavery is not recognized, and
they, if left to the dictates of their own judgments,
will settle this question to our satisfaction. Men
who have had experience in territorial govern-
-ments know, and many of them have felt the in-
fluence Of government officials; and although I
have the highest respect for the character and in-
tegrity of the United States officers in California,
I am compelled to admit that I would not confide
this power to them upon general principles, but
more especially in the present crisis^
jf ,7 ^'ut w'iat will yon gain by passing these bills?
i say wl'l S|M the agitation that prevails.
I! Adopt the proposition of the Senator from Illinois,
i Dih-'Glas,] an(| the agitation and excitement
;j Will increase ten-fold. His bill divides the whole
j Territory into t<yo States—the one to be called Cal-
ifornia, and to be admitted in a short time; the
other to become one of the States of this Union so
soon as it shall contain the proper number of in-
habitants. This is to be judged of by Congress.,
Now, sir, what is to be done in the mean time?
Are the people within the boundaries he prescribes
to live without law or any municipal regulations,
and be subject to all the miseries of anarchy and i
confusion r Will no crimes be committed; will no j
criminal or civil remedies be required; will the !
wants of the inhabitants demand no courts and no i
municipal officers; and will the fact that it is called I
a State, or rathei that the people are authorized to I
do by act of Congress what they have done in '
several cases without it, form a State constitution,
and ask for admission into the Union, prevent the
people and members from "the northern and west-
ern States from endeavoring tp prohibit slavery
from this Territory ? No, sir; they will view it as
1 do, as a mere vagary, and pay as Utile regard to
it as if it had never been enacted. Such guard
j, against agitation will prove futile, and the first
l! session after its adoption will convince the gentle-
|| man of his error.
, Before I conclude, Mr. Chairman, I have a word
I to say to the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. !
Meade.] When discussing the Pacheco case, he ■
made the^e remarks:
" Whateier might be said of southern slaven/, he found a
slavery m this House more senile and reprehensible than any \
which existed in the southern States. one-tenth of the.
population of the North had enslaved gentlemen to a degree
that they dare not vote their oivn opinions, hut were keld in
bondage by a litlU sijuad at home, who held the balance of power
between them and their political opponent*. There are hon-
orable exceptions, i know. If gentlemen vould at once break
those chains, and join their hands as brother s over the altar of
their common country, and unite in crushing with their heels
these reptiles who are seeking to destroy this Confederaej/ and
to apply the knife to the throat of the southern master, we
should never hear more of these discussions."
Sir, I would not have thus taunted the South,
even if I had believed every woid I uttered to be
true. Crimination and recrimination prove noth-
ing, nor does it satisfy or gratify the mind of a
sensible man. Such language might be used to
slaves, but is not quite so decorous and chaste
when addressed to equals. The gentleman is to-
tally mistaken in his facts. I tell him candidly,
that the masses in the North coincided opinion
with us, and that'we truly reflect their views upon
this great question. It is true there are some of
our citizens who disagree with us, and honestly
entertain different opinions, but they are compara-
tively few in number. I fear that if the gentleman
would examine the returns of the last canvass,
and was conversant with the sentiments of the
people in the northern districts, he would find his
"honorable exceptions'' grow "small by degrees
and beautifully less." The people of the North
have generally expressed their opinions upon this
subject, and with surprising unanimity; and what
is most incomprehensible to me is, that any one
should-dare to disregard them. I never have been
; instructed by the people of my district upon any
1 question since I have taken my seat in this Hall;
but I know what are the wishes of a large major-
! ity of my constituents, and thejrare in accordance
; with my action here. Their views and opinions
• were known to me before I was elected, and I
should be recreant to my duty as their representa-
tive, if on all occasions I did not carry them out.
i They are as binding on me as the most public and
' explicit instructions; and let me inform the gentle-
man that they are the matured opinions of an intel-
! ligent, reading, thinking, reflecting people, many
I of.whom are far more capable of instructing me
| upon this question tjian I to instruct them; and
j that if I were to adopt the course of some gentle-
! men here, I would be hurled from my position so
soon as the ballot could do it. We have been
severely censured for many of our votes, which
by some gentlemen have been construed into in-
sults to the South. Those votes, properly under-
stood, will not bear such construction, nor was
such my intention. But when gentlemen are can-
vassing this in their minds, let me direct their
attention to the language used by John Randolph,
j of Roanoke, when, on the 1st of March, 1816, he
! moved his resolution for a committee to inquire
i into "the existence of an inhuman traffic in slaves,
carried on m and through the District of Colum-
i ; bia," and impressed upon the House the necessity
11 of it, and (to use the language ascribed to him at
jl the time by the National Intelligencer) " of pro-
Ij ' viding a remedy for a practice so heinous and
I ' abominable, (making this District a depot for the
j 1 slave trade of the neighboring States, and a me-
| '.dium for evading the laws in force, by collusive
I 'sales;) and concluded by declaring, that if the
- business was declined by the House, he would
tl ' undertake it himself, and ferret out of their holes
; and comers, the villains who carried it on." This
j is for more caustic and severe than that of any of
! the resolutions adopted this session. I would also
( respectfully request them to examine, at their
: leisure, a memorial of the inhabitants of the Dis-
, trict of Columbia, praying for the abolition of the
i slave trade and the gradual abolition of slavery in
! . sir.'ct^ Columbia, presented to this House
March 24,1828, signed by one thousand and eishty-
i two of her most respected citizens, and among the
number Judges Cranch and Thrusto.n, General
Van Ness, and others of the most distinguished
men-here. I will quote a few extracts from that
memorial, to show gentlemen its tone and spirit,
and what slaveholders themselves thought of sla-
very and the slave trade;
" While the Uuvs of the United States,71 say they, " de-
nounce the foreign slave trad<> as piracy, and punish with,
. v"'#e w ho are (bund en«ajjeii m ns perpetration, there
e.\i>ts in this ZJi-trH't. the seat of the National Government,
a domestic slave trade, scarcely ie-s di&graetful in its char-
acter, and even more demoralizinc; in its influence. For
this is, not, like tiig. former, earned op agiunst a barbarous,
