1849.]
AP^EMmX Tb THE CGNGRfcsSlONAL GEOfiE.
m
30th Cons 2d Sess.
Postal Reform—Mr. (Hoggin.
Ho. of Reps.
a careful examination of any suggestions for its improve-
ment, ami the adoption of such only *3 experience proves
will be useful to the citizens and render it more perfect."
He then recommends a reduction of the prefsent
"rates on letters to a uniform charge of five cents
the half ounce; a rate of one cent the ounce on
newspapers, &c.; prepayment in all cases; and the
abolition of the franking privilege.
I feel very confident, Mr. Speaker, (said Mr.
G.,) that this House is prepared for a reduction to
tlie rates as recommended here. I hope they will
be reduced even lower, as 1 -believe they can be
■with safety, if the franking privilege is no longer
retained. But the question is often asked, Why
carry a tettetfone thousand miles for no more than is
chaiged for carrying it one hundred? In answer
to this, it is only necessary to remark, that the
actual yeight of letters, strictly speaking, is a small
item, a very small item, in the expenses of the mail.
Mails have to be, and are now, extended into
almost all peirts of the country; post offices, then,
are necessarily established; and if a mail carrier,
on horseback, in a stage-coach, a steamboat, or a
rail car, (who has to make the trip anyhow,) has
ten letters or ten hundred, he can carry them with
perfect ease—the weight is nothing. But in fact
most of the horse mails, as they are called, do not
average to each country office they pass, per day,
mtire than five letters, if so many—yet the mail
has still to be carried. I wish it to be understood
that I refer to letters t properly so called, not to
speeches and documents, with which the mails are
loaded. If we were to look to the mere produc-
tiveness of some of the mail routes, it would be
made appear, that they are not self-supporting, but
are dependent on the productive routes for the
means of keeping them up. Why is this? It is
because they are parts and parcels of one entire
system. But if the idea is insisted on that the de-
partment 'must sustain itself always and under all
circumstances, whether), we should have no drones
in this great establishment; each one should make
his own living. But is this so ? On the contrary,
v/e have a mail route to Oregon, and an agent, :
at a salary of one thousand dollars per annum, is
appointed to superintend it, having his traveling
expenses paid also. No one supposes that this
mail route, at least for some years, will pay its ex-
penses; yet, it is highly proper that it should have
been established, as it is. When mails are sent,
as they now are, to Chagres, and Panama, and
San Francisco, to the newly acquired Territories
of California and New Mexico, it is with no ex-
pectation at all that they will meet the expenses
attending them by any return of postages to the
department, for the present. The protection which
we are bound to give to our citizens who have
gone there, the honor of the country, the interests
of the people of the entire Union, however, require
that this should be done. But carry out the prin-
ciple, that the department must always sustain
itself, and you at once cut off these mails. Look
at the unproductive routes in all the South, West,
Northwest and Southwest: these must be given
up if this doctrine is to prevail to its fullest extent.
Maryland, "Virginia, North Carolina, South Caro-
lina, Georgia. Florida, Missouri, Tennessee, Ala-
bama, Mississippi, Arkansas, and Texas would
be without mails entirely. I will here give an ex-
tract from an official document from the depart-
ment, (No. 72,) laid before Congress at the last
session, showing the postage received in the States
I have named, during the year ending 30th June,
1847, and the cost of mail transportation in those
States annually, also. The column showing the
excess I have (said Mr. G.) prepared myself; the
statement is this:
Cost. Revenue. Excess of cost.
Miinlaml §133,75) ijf8!,8W $33,?9S
V„«i„,a  V192,613   92,292 
North Carolina.. 172,520   31,379  141,141
South Carolina.. 118,157  50.383 
Geoigia  1 ">3,001  55.8f>9  9/.142
Florida  45,193  10,833  34,2 0
Missouri  49,720  41,5Ub  8.214
Kentucky  e9,581   53,633  a>,549
Tennessee  55,298  J7.S8.:  17,311
Alabama  136,499   49,602  Sb,89-
Mississippi..1  88,451  ??!   n%7
Arkansas  39,996  9,.">B9 
Texas  24,102   8,246  l->,856
Whole excess of cosi over the "revenue $712,626
[Mr. Cobb, of .Georgia, here inquired of Mr.
Gogcsn (who yielded the floor for the purpose)
where the excess of revenue was derived from
which went to sustain the system?
Mr. Gogcin said the gentleman's question
would have been answered if he had but waited
a moment. Though it evidently (he said)*was in-
tended to refer to other questions of'poliucal econ-
omy with which this debate had nothing to do,
he would show the gentleman how this deficiency
was made up.]
Mr. GOGGIN then resuming his'remarks, said !
this deficiency in one section is thrown upon the
productive routes generally in another, embracing
the States of Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont,
(which,y by the by, has no transactions with the |
people of Georgia in a commercial line, foV she has j
no 6ommerce and ho largeemporiums,) Massachu-
setts, Rhode Island," Connecticut, New York, Penn-
sylvania, Delaware, Michigan, Iowa, Wisconsin,
and Louisiana. In these States the revenues ex-
ceed the cost of transportation $589,994. In the
States of .Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and New Jersey,
on the other hand, there is a deficiency in revenue
as compared with the cost of transportation, of
$87,887; leaving still a balance, after this deduc-
tion, in fafor of those States where the revenue
exceeds the cost, of §502JU7. I shall not, of course,
stop here (for it would be out of place in this con-
nection) to calculate the value of the Union, which I
trust will ever be preserved; and it is not inappro-
priate to hope, at least, that it may be as perpetual,
as enduring, as its great founders designed it should
be'when they framed its Constitution, in order to
Ll a more perfect.Union," and thereby to " secure
the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our po^- \
terity." I
But to avoid these evils of the loss of'mail faeil- <
ities, let the department be treated as if it existed j
everywhere in our territory; or that its operations
should be conducted in all quarters of this Union
as if it were an entire and a uniform system, i n which
all the partssympathized and harmonized with each
other. Why create a distinction in regard to post- j
ages, or an Internal tax, which the Constitution j
does not tolerate in regard to impost duties? In the |
very first article, 9th section, of that instrument it j
is declared, that " no preference shall be given, by '
any regulation of commerce or revenue, to the 1
ports of one State over those of another;" and i
our navy extends its operations, in the protection !
of our commerce, to the Pacific and Indian Oceans, !
to the coast of China, as well as to the Chesapeake '
Bay, the Gulf of Mexico, or to Charleston harbor. !
The Government charges the citizen, however, >
no more for protection in one case than the other:
distance is not an element at all in the estimate of
its duty. Again, what would be thought of a
proposition to compel the people of Texas, Cali-
fornia, New Mexico, or Oregon to pay for the
additional charges of sending our army there to
defend <them in case of invasion, over and above i
the cost of a call for troops to defend the great j
cities of New York, Boston, or Baltimore? Yet, 1
according to the views of some who would keep J
up this distinction in the rates of postage, the man
who lives a thousand miles from the great com-
mercial emporium of the Union—in the city of St.
Louis, for example, whither he has gone to pur-
sue his occupation as a merchant in a small way—
is taxed three or five times as much on his corre-
spondence with New York as the rich Boston or j
Philadelphia merchant, who is living within one j
hundred and fifty or three hundred miles of that :
city. A uniform rate of postage, it seems to me,
necessarily results from the uniformity of the sys-
tem itself—I mean uniform as to distances and
charges; and as I have endeavctfed to show that
the actual cost of the transportation of the letter
mail cannot be increased by any addition to this
particular sort of mail matter,*1 will remark that
it has been ascertained that ten thousand letters, of
one sheet each, would weigh only about one hun-
dred and fifty pounds—near the weight of an ordi-
nary-sized man, who would be carried from Albany
to Boston on a railroad, two hundred miles, for
i five dollars, or from Richmond to Lynchburg
| on a canal packet for $3 50, a distance of one
i hundred and fifty miles. Ten thousand letters,
j at the same time, weighing only as much as the
! passenger, on either of these mail routes, would
i yield to the department, at five cents,tthe sum of
| |500. The average cost of the ntail transporta-
tion in the United States is, I believe, ascertained
to be a little more than si£ cents per mile. In
England it is said to be on letters, at the average
cost of 36-100ths of a penny. ®if we select a mall
route in our own country, ten miles in length, ^nd
it costs the department one dollar for carrying'the
mail upon it, or ten cents a mile; and another of one
hundred miles in length,,at the same rate per mile;
if, on the first route, there is carried only one letter, "
as is often the case, this single letter would cost
the department one dollar!! On the other route
of one hundred miles, we will "suppose," says
an intelligent writer on this subject, to whom I am
greatly indebted for his views, " there are t.en
' thousand letters to be carried, which will cost the
1 Government for transportation just one mill per
{letter. How, then, can we make distance the basis.
' of postage?" We might here refer in this con-
nection, if it were necessary, also to the fact, thats
there are many of the ports of entry and collection
districts! in various parts of the Union, which do
not support the costs of the collection o'f the few
dollars that are received at many of them; yet th'ey
are kept up, and maintained as a part of the sys-
tem of revenue. Many of them which are an
actual charge of thousands of dollars, do not yield
to the treasury of the United States, in net revenue,
so many cents. It would not do, however, to make
the amount of revenue received at such places
" the basis" upon which to calculate the necessity
of such an establishment, any more than it will do
to make " distance the basis of postage," because,
otherwise, vessels would enter these places with-
out paying duties,and the smuggler would be there-
by enabled to defraud the Government of its legiti-
mate dnes. I mention these facts only to -snow
that thpie is no system, however perfect, that,
when you come to examine it, does not disclose
some inequality in its operation. Such inequality
exists in regard to the mileage and pay of the mem-
bers ~of this House, and it may be,found every-
where.
I come now to the question of prepayment, in *
regard to which some difficulty exists m theminds
of not a few of those who are tenacious of the pres-
ent plan, or the old system, as it is called. It will
be necessary here only to say, that the bill leaves
the prepay ment of letters entirely optional with the
writer. It holds out an inducement to him to pre-
pay by fixing the rates of all such letters, for any
distance, at three cents; but, if he chooses to do so,
he may fix the cost of carrying it by m&tl on the
person who receives it; but then, the department
is to receive five cents for the transportation, and
I as some chance for indemnity against the loss
incurred for carrying letters for nothing, in the
event that they are not taken out of the office.
While it has this effect,.yet at the same time it
gives the"person receiving it the benefit of reduced
postage of this character to a uniform rate of five
cents, and enables all persons to deposit their let-
ters in the office boxes at any time, even in the
absence of the postmaster, or at any hour of the
night, which could not be if prepayment was always
required. None can therefore complain. Such a
system as this, it is supposed, will cover the losses
! from a large portion of the dead letters now annu-
! ally a charge to the department. The Postmaster
| General, in his last report, tells us, as I before
1 said:
I « Near two millons of dead letters are annually returned
I to the department, upon w Inch n not only loses the postage,
i but pa}s two cents each lor adveiti&ing; ami this is in ad-
S dition to the expen&r incurred in opening and returning
I tho&e of value to the wuters, and destroying those of no
' value. New spapei>, periodicals, pamphlets, and essays of
\ various kinds, prouabjy not less in ntimber than the dead
i l?ueis5are sent to the offices and never called for, or if
' called lor, refused, and remain- as dead matter in then).
' From a caieful examination it has been ascertained that
1 5-2,000 annually are rect lved and remain as dead mattf-r m
the ofhee at New York; at Boston and Baltimore about
10,001) annually; and at Philadelphia about 2,600."
As it respects the" prepayment of newspaper post-
age, postages on periodicals, &c., I do not appre-
hend that any very serious difficulty need be an-
ticipated if the law were passed as recommended
by the Postmaster General, requiring prepayment.
The second section of the original bill- provides
that the subscribers may prepay their postages for
each quarter of a year to the postmaster at the
| office to which the paper shall be sent. This ar~
