1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
MS
30th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican Treaty—Mr, Stephens.
New Series No. 10.
THE MEXICAN TREATY.
SPEECH OF MR. A. H. STEPHENS,
OP GEORGIA,
In the House of Representatives, ..
February 17, 1849,
In Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, upon the bill to provide for carrying into
effect the late Treaty with Mexico.
Mr. STEPHENS said: Without following the
example of those who, in their wanderings from the
real question before us, had been led into a-discus-
sion of collateral matters, I propose to make a few
remarks on the subject immediately under con-
sideration. The bill upon the table#provides for
the appropriation of <x sum of money to carry into
effect the late treaty between this Government and
Mexico. Before passing this bill, or making this
appropriation, in my opinion, it is our constitu-
tional right and duty to inquire into the expediency
of the measure. This will necessarily lead us into
a consideration of the policy, the propriety, and
wisdom of the treaty itself, and the consequences
likely to ensue, if it should be carried into effect,
*upon the general interests, peace, prosperity, and
harmony of the whole country. This is the ques-
tion, in my opinion, which we are now about being
called upon to decide. The subject is a grave^one,
and our duty properly to consider it is one of the
heaviest responsibility. Iam aware that the vievvs
I entertain of the powers and rights of this House
to grant or to withhold this appropriation, accord-
ing to our approval or disapproval of the policy of
the treaty, and our judgment of its effects upon
the country, have not only been questioned upon
this floor, but have been assailed in high quarters
elsewhere, and denounced even with bitterness,
as erroneous and heretical. It has been, and is
even now, denied by many that we have any power
or control over this matter, but to vote the money;
that, in the language of the President himself, in
his message to this House, the " treaty is the
supreme law of the land;" and that we have noth-
ing to do with it but to discharge an obligation
resting upon us to make all necessary appropria-
tions, and pass all other necessary laws to give it
efficiency and effect; without any right, on our
part, to inquire into its character, or to estimate
and deliberate upon its advantages or disadvan-
tages, or in any way to consider of its effects upon
our national character and national welfare, or
even to debate with ourselves, whether it will be
salutary or injurious, beneficial or destructive.
The raising of such a question, or the statement of
such a principle or doctrine, (if itmay be so called,)
as to the powers and rights, as well as duty or
constitutional obligation, on the part of the mem-
bers of this House, greatly ennances the interest
of the inquiry, and the importance of a correct
decision.
The subject enlarges as we approach it.
It presents for primary consideration a question
of no small import, and that is, whether this House
has the constitutional right to withhold this appro-
priation, if, in their judgment, the treaty is im-
proper or unwise, and may be attended with seri-
ous detriment to the country ? This is the first
point, therefore, to which I call the attention of
the committee: I hold that we do possess the con-
stitutional power. And,afterestabhsning this posi-
tion, it is my purpose to show, that for reasons of
vast interest and importance to the country, we
should exercise this constitutional right upon this
occasion. Those who take the opposite side of
the question, as I understand them, rest their argu-
ment solely upon the assertion, that the Constitu-
tion declares that treaties shall be regarded as the
supreme law of the land. And as this treaty has
been ratified by the President and the Senate, we
are bound to comply with its requirements. As
everything turns upon a correct construction of
this clause of the Constitution, taken in connection
with other parts of the same instrument, it may be
■ Well to pay particular attention to the language
Used. These are the words:
"This Constitution, and the laws of the United States
which shall be made in pursuance thereof, and all treaties
made, or which shall be made, under the authority of the
United States, shall he the supreme law of the land ; ami the
judges in everv State shall be hound thereby, anything in
the Constitution or laws of any State to the contrary not-
withstanding."
10
Under this clause it is insisted that when afreaty
is made by the President and Senate, it is not only
the supreme law of the land, binding-upon the
judges of the several States, but also bindtng upon
this House,and creating nn obligation on us to pass
such laws as may be necessary to give it operation,
efficiency, and effect.
That such was not the meaning and intention of
the clause, is apparent to my mind from the article
itself. No one can mistake, from reading it, to
perceive that the sole object was to define restric-
tion placed upon the State authorities. Side by
side, or rather before treaties, it is provided that
the laws of the United Slates shall be equally su-
preme. Supreme over what? Certainly not over
the law-making power. If so, you could never
repeal a law when once made. We should be as
the Medea and Persians. The State authorities
were evidently meant. It never could have been
intended to make treaties supreme over the legis-
lative action of Congress on those subjects which,
in other clauses, were specially and exclusively
delegated to that department or branch of the Gov-
ernment. No rule is better established than that,
in construing the Constitution, as well as a statute,
or any instrument, all the parts are to be taken
together; and with this rule before us, I cannot
well imagine how any one can conceive that the
framers of the Constitution intended, under the
single power of making treaties, which was given
to the President and two-thirds of the Senate, to
embrace all those other great powers which were
specifically granted to Congress. And that such
would be the effect of such a construction, no one
can doubt. The treaty-making power, by that
construction, would or could absorb the entire
legislation of the country. For instance: the Con-
stitution declares that ail legislative power shall be
vested m the two Houses of Congress, with the
right of the President to interpose a veto. Under
this class of powers, Congress has the right to lay
and collect taxes; to declare war; to raise armies;
to regulate trade, &c.; and the House of Repre-
sentatives have the exclusive right to originate bills
of revenue and bills to appropriate money. But if
the doctrine I am opposing be correct, all these
wise provisions and safeguards can be effectually
superseded by the President, with the concurrence
of two-thirds of the Senate.
He has but t« enter into a treaty of alliance with
some foreign state at war with another, and we
should thereby become a party to such war in the
face of that clause of the Constitution that declares
that Congress shall possess the power of involving
us m war. He may by treaty stipulate that subsidies
to any amount shall be contributed for an indefinite
time in the very teeth of that clause of the Consti-
tution which even restricts Congress from making
any appropriation of money for the support of
armies for a period longer than two years. And
we, the representatives of the people, would have
nothing to do but vote the men and money, be-
cause such a treaty would be the supreme law of
the land. The whole regulation of commerce and
tariffs of duties may be brought within the same
principle. If a railroad is wanted across the isthmus
at Panama, there is nothing to be done but to enter
into a treaty with New Granada, with a stipulation
to pay annually, not the sum of half a tnulion only,
but it may be five millions or ten- millions; and all
the discretion we shall have will be to vote the
money. Or if a road is wanted to Oregon, all that
is necessary to effect it is to find-a few wild Indian
chiefs in the Rocky Mountains, and maite a treaty
with them, which may provide for the construction
of the road at the cost of two hundred millions or
more; and ail the voice this House would have in
the matter would be to empty the treasury by ap-
propriations, and fill it again by taxes upon our
constituents. The answer to any objection would
be just as it now is, that the House is bound by
the treaty—the supreme lam of the land though the
Constitution, which is the great magna eharta of
our powers as well as rights, has guarantied to
this House the sole and exclusive right ot taxing
the people or disposing of their money ! To say
that we would still have the right to originate these
bills just as this has been originated, but that U
was our duty to do it—that we were under an oo-
ligation to do it—that we had no discretion in the
matter, would be nothing short of an insult to the
people, and a mockery to ourselves, ifce tiouse
of Representatives in the American Congress would
have less power to protect the interests of the peo-
ple on that point especially confided to them than
even the British House of Commons have to pro-
tect the-subjects of the Crown from the exactions
of an acknowledged sovereign. Instead of being;
the guardians ana protectors of 'the purses of the
people, we should be nothing but the assessors, to
demand contributions. In England, where tha
treaty-making- power is absolute in the Crown, no
one questions the right of Parliament to withhold
its assent and concurrence whenever such assent
or concurrence is necessary to give it effect, if in
the judgment of Parliament such treaty would be
prejudicial to the public interests. No one there
supposes that a treaty, made and ratified by the
monarch, imposes any obligation on the Comr^'Mis
to vote the money necessary to carry it irfto effect.
Many instances are upon record where the House
of Commons have asserted their right of disap-
proval. I have one before me that was cited, by Mr.
Gallatin, in the debate in this House upon Jay's
treaty. It is taken from Anderson's History of
Commerce. The author, in speaking; of a treaty
with France, says:
" But we could not omit our animadversion1? on the 8th
and 9th at tides, a* thev were so extraordinary, in themselves,
and as tney occa-wned great a*tir and uneasiness at tU.it
tirm* a> to have brouzht the whole treaty of commerce to „
miscairy then and ever hucp.
" 'Art. IX. That in the sp ve of two month* after a law
'shall be made in Groat Britain, when-by it Miall be smtfi-
( ciently provided that not more custom* or duties he paid
' Tor goods and merchandise brought from France into G eat
' Britain than what are paiahie for goods and merchandise,
{of the like nature, imported into Croat Britain  iom any
<other country in Em-op* ; and that ail law- n.nde in Gieat
(Britain, since the year J664, prohibiting tbe importation or'
( any goods- ormerchanni-ecdfnirigfrom Fiance, winch were
j 'not prohibited lu-fbre that tune, be repealed, the general
''<tariff in France on the 18 Ik of September, i-i the s-nne year
' 1J864, shall take plucc Ihcie again, and the dutie- pa} able in
j « France by the Millets of Great Britain foi good* imported
J 'and expmted. shall he paid accoiding to the tenor of the
1 ' taiiff aiiovc mentioned.-"
'   When the s-aid two articles came to he known in the
; merchant or'Great Britain, they were received uitn the
' utmost surpii-e and indignation, and the clamor was loud
: and urnver>ai: that the complying with those two anises
! would effectually ruin the cotnmeice we earned on to Pur-
I tusral, the verv be-t branch of all our European commerce:
I that the paid &h article did, in ceneral terms, put France on
, an equal footing with Portugal, or any other oi our best allied
I in point of commeice.
} "T.sn i* in buef t'.ie sum of this mercantile controversy,
! which. w'.ien hroucht mto Parliament, it was apparent
: that oui trad" t«i Fiance had ever been a rumou> one, and
th.it >!, in con«equ n< <■ of accepting the said Sill and 9th arti-
' ck's the UruMi Parliament should consent to reduce the
high duties and tike oti the.piohibJtions*o pnidemh laid on
'' French commodities, it would effectually ruin the veiy heat
; braivlifs of commeice, and wouid thereby deprive many
i | hundred thousand manufacturers of theii subsistence; which
1! was also supported bv petitions from many parts of t.«e kina-
; ilom: that although a great majority of that House of Corn-
I mons was in other rejects closi ly attached to the ministry,
| ike hill for (to,tcc'oi* to the putpovl oj the saul t-to aTticlet was
i rejected lit a majority of nine ioices, ;t;r the n*o-t eminent
' men-lianf- hud liecn'licard at tile hnr that i-iou^e, to the
I great joy of the whole t> ailing part of tile nation, and of ait
| oilier impartial people."
1 This is an English precedent. And shall it he
1 sarid that this House has less discretion and less
! power over the purse-strings of this country thsrt
i the House of Commons has in Great Britain ? Ttie
1 principle acknowledged there is, thst when the
! Ktng makes a treaty which requires an appropna-
' tion'of money, or any other act ot legislation to
1 carry it into effect, it is not bindmsr until such lesis-
i lative action is obtained. And in granting such
| legislation, the Parliament exercises the sa.ne dis-
, cretion and right of approval or disapproval that
' they do in all other cases. No such doetnneis
i thought of there, that Parliament is bound to make
j its legislation conform to the treaty. The same
principle, sir, roust be true in this country. I go
not claim for this House any of the treaty-making
power. That belongs to the President and two-
thirds of the SenateT But it is not an unlimited
power, and it cannot annul other powers speoiii-
1 caily and exclusively delegated to this body, sf
, it is exercised upon subjects which he within its
own sphere, it is valid upon the exchange of ratifi-
! cations, and operates under the Constitution's a
! law of the land propria vigors. But if it touches
I upon other subjects which, by the Constitution, .
helon<* exclusively to other departments ol the
- Government, it mu.\t necessarilyawr.it and receive.
! the sanction of such oilier department before it ae-
• quires the force and obligation of law. Nor is the
j national faith compromited by the exercise of a
