148
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 17,
30th Cong 2d S ss.
The Mexican Treaty—Mr. Stephens.
Ho. of Reps.
mated. But I tell you, you are trifling with dan-
gerous elements- when you presume upon their
submission. History, as well as philosophy,
teaches us that the human passions often present
the strangest phenomena that have -ever been
brought to the scrutiny of human analysis. Like
the air we breathe, the elastic .and unseen atmos-
phere that surrounds us, their energy and potency
are not to be judged of from appearances when in a
state of comparative quiet and stillness. A calm is
oftensthe" precurser of a storm.' So the greatest
- revolutions have come upon mankind when least
• expected. This day twelve months ago, Louis
Philippe was seated upon the throne of France,
with the conscious security of a monarch who had
but to exercise the legitimate powers of a sovereign
to clmm the proper obedience of his subjects.
Prance was undisturbed, and even Paris was fiee
from any unusual excitement. There was no agi-
w tAfion of the public mind. Everything was as still
and as quiet and as cheerful as the heavens of a
bright .May morning; and yet, before one short
week roiled around, this strange and mysterious
and tremendous element of the human passions
had been aroused to action; a storm of popular
feeling ra^ed, with sudden and terrific violence, in
that city, and before its force-and fury the throne
of-that august potentate, and one of the strongest
•governments of Europe, were swept away, as the
sturdiest sires of the forest and the firmest habita-
tions of man are often borne up^n the bosom of the
tornado when the genius of the power of the air
.displays-his grandeur, majesty, and terror. Do
not deceive yourselves with the belief that the
blood of the Anglo-Saxon race this side of the
water and south of Mason and Dixon's line beats
Jess warmly than it does in the bosom of French-
men, or that their resentments arc not as quick, and
' their passions as'strong* As one who knows that
  people well, and whose feelings and sympathies
are all with them, I tell you to beware how you
wantonly excite them; you may, in your madness
or folly, produce a whirlwind which neither you
nor any human power can control. If you are de-
termined, therefore, to ingraft your proviso upon
these Territories, I invoke you, m the name and
behalf of our common country, to join with me in
the rejection of this apple of discord.
And now, you men of the South, I have words
to say to you upon this suhject—particularly to
you who have favored this acquisition from the
beginning, with a declared determination to resist,
if the Wilmot proviso should be finally adopted.
Do you prefer to hazard the conscquences of a
dissolution to the enjoyment of the advantages of
the Union a.3 it is* Are you ready to vote the
money of your constituents to pay for the country
* befoie their right of pai ticination" therein is first
settled? Are you determined to taste the ^for-
bidden fruit," let the consequences be what they
may 5 When a distinguished gentleman of South
Carolina [Mr. Calhoun] said, two years a*o in the
Senate, that he looked upon Mexico as the li for-
bidden fruit" to this country, I thought the idea
was no less prophetic than sublime and true. And
yet, with this expressed conviction on his mind,
no one can imagine my surprise in hearing him
declare, before he finished his speech, that he was
nevertheless in favor of taking a bite. This seemed
to me to be worse than the rash act of our mother
Eve, which caused the fall of man, and brought .
upon us all our woes! For although she had been j
told " the day thou eatest thereof thou shalt surely '
dif," yet no one can believe that she realized the
full force of the important truth Are you deter-
mined to try a repetition of the fearful experiment?
If so, the responsibility shall be yours. And I
now repeat to you what I said where I now stand,
two years ago: 1 very much fear that in your .,
" eager pursuit after the unenviable distinction of <|
* dispoilmg a neighboring republic, you will have
* the still less enviable glory of looking back upon !'
4 the shattered and broken fragments of your own \
4 Confederacy." I look upon this acquisition as
an unclean and unholy thing. It is the price of !
blood, which 1 have no disposition to touch or
handle in any way. But if it is to be had, so far |j
as the rights of the people of my section are con- :!
cerned, 1 do not intend to cheat, or he cheatcd. I
' am for open, plain, fair dealing. 'And if the worst j:
consequences ensue, be the responsibility upon h
those whose policy produced them. These views 1;
I submit to your consideration. Judge ye of them
wisely.
But, Mr. Chairman, there is still another reason,
independent of all the§e, which of itself would con-
trol me in voting against this bill at this time. It
arises from the disclosures drawn from the Presi-
dent the other day in. relation to the actual condi-
tion of this treaty. No man can look into the
history of this matter, and not be satisfied that
there is a misunderstanding between this Govern-
ment and Mexico with regard to it. An important
pa'per, under the name and style of a protocol, has
lately been brought to light, which contains the
construction put ttpon it by Mexico, and the un-
derstanding on the part of that Government with
which it was ratified. That paper was withheld
by the Executive from the Senate. It gave solemn
assurances, under the hands of our commissioners,
as to what was^the meaning and intention of the
Senate'in certain important amendments made by
them to the original treaty, and the effect of th'ose
amendments. The Senate alone had the power to
do this. As the matter now stands, itappears that
we really have no perfect treaty with Mexico. I
do not pretend to assert, as 1 said on the day 1
submitted this matter to the House, that the pro-
tocol invalidates or renders the treaty entirely
void; but I do maintain, that it should h'a've re-
ceived the sanction of the Senate before a^ny one
should have presumed to consider the treaty as
perfect or completely ratified by the properly con-
stituted authorities. For my own part, I do not
hesitate to give it as my opinion, that if k had
been submitted to them their concurrence could
never have been obtained. It virtually affirms
that the amendments made by them were matters
of form, and not matters of substance. This I am
persuaded they were not prepared to assert. For
it is generally understood that without the amend-
ments the treaty could never have passed that
body. And who now, with a knowledge of the
whole history of the ease, can doubt that it was a
full belief, amounting almost, if not quite to a con-
sciousness of the fact that such would be the re-
sult, that caused the President to withhold the
paper and suppress the information? What other
motive could he have had in refusing to respond
to the call of this House last year, but a desire to
cover-up and conceal this protocol? He said then
that it was incompatible with the public interest to
di'sclose the correspondence with our commission-
ers. But we now have all the papers of that cor-
respondence, and I showld like for some friend of
the President to point out, if he can, anything in
any of them, or ail of them, which was incompat-
ible with the public interest to disclose at that
time, but this protocol. This is the unfortunate
darling—the illegitimate bantling which he thought
compatibility with his own honor required him to
keep from the knowledge of the public. This is
the most natural conclusion to which the mind can
come. Else why was it suppressed?—why was
it kept back? He could not have thought it of less
importance than the letter of the commissioners
announcing their arrival in Mexico, and yet even
that was sent to us with the treaty. Why was
there a studious concealment of this paper? Sir,
secrecy is always a badge of fiaud, as well as a
good ground for suspicion of criminal intent. The
shallow pretext and miserable subterfuge resorted
to in the late message to explain this matter, will
not bear investigation. We are now told that the
paper was not deemed material—that it Was not
considered as inconsistent with or variant from
the Senate's amendments, and that, according to
the practice of the Government, it has not been
usual to publish such papers.
Now, sir, I protest against the correctness of all
these positions and assumptions. The practice of ;
this Government, I undertake to say, has been di-
rectly the reverse of that stated. When was such j
a paper ever before withheld? I might even ask, '
when was such an one ever before made? I
nearest approximation to it that I am aware of, !
was a written statement made by Bonaparte at the '
time of the ratification of the Louisiana treaty, of 1
his understanding of the effect of the rejection of an
article in the original treaty by the American Sen-
ate. Mr. Jefferson, who was then President, did '
not presume to judge of the matter himself, or to !
determine whether it was material or immaterial, I
but sent it to the Senate to get (heir decision upon j
the subject. The practice of this Government, I
venture to assert, furnishes no case to sustain this
act of Mr. Polk; and I doubt if the history of
the world can furnish many of greater turpitude.
There is one, however, too analagous not to be
mentioned—1 allude to the secret treaty of Dover,
made by Charless. II. of England with Louis
XIV. of France—that for treachery, perfidy, and
infamy, perhaps, has no parallel. It was not per-
mitted to be made fully known even to all the
members of that profligate ministry, the initials of
whose names when combined have become famous
in the word cabal. Clifford and Arlington signed
it, and therefore were privy to the guilt of their
master; but Buckingham, Ashley, and Lauder-
dale, corrupt as they were, were kept in ignorance
of the worst parts of it. This is a precedent which
those who are anxious to defend this shameful
! transaction by the weight of authority and the bad
; practice of Governments, would do well to consuli.
And perhaps m their researches they may observe
a striking similarity between the conduct as well
as character of our present Executive and one of
the most perfidious of England's kings, in more
instances than one. Duplicity, hypocrisy, and
treachery were amongst his most prominent char-
acteristics*, and his whole policy seemed singularly
directed to the inglorious end of bringing disgrace
upon himself, and ignominy upon his administra-
tion.
To dissemble, to deceive, and to betray, seems
to have been objects which he as assiduously pur-
sued in almost every public act of his life, as if he
considered them worthy of the highest ambition.
Whether the same may be said of our Executive,
a few instances and facts in the memory of all will
attest. He deceived the people of Pennsylvania
in obtaining his election. He deceived the 54 40
men, by pretending to be for the whole of Oregon,
while he was secretly negotiating for a settlement
upon 49. During the agitation of the public nund
on that question, a bill was introduced in this
House to authorize him to call out a large military
force, under pretence of an apprehension of a
collision with England, when subsequent events
3howed that its real object was to make war on
Mexico.16 He asserted to the world, with all the
boldness of one supposing that the people would
believe he was telling the truth, that Texas had
extended her jurisdiction to the Rio Grande, and
that she had been annexed to this Union, with
her western boundary extending from the mouth
to the source of that river, notwithstanding, in his
secret instructions to Mr. SHd^Il, he had much
more distinctly stated that Texas had never ex-
tended her jurisdiction over any part of New -
Mexico; that all that part of the country claimed
by Texas had been in possession of Mexico for
two hundred years, and he authorized his min-
ister to give five millions for its cession. He de-
clared, and repeated ii^am and again, that the war
was commenced by Mexico, when the fact is no-
torious, that he provoked it himself. This great
truth was asserted by this House at the hxst ses-
* " It [the bill] does not appear to have been prepared foj
the particular emergency..with Mexico, but rather as a son
ol geneial provision • foi all comerstor it is declared, on
the lace of the bill itself, to have been repotted bj Mr. Har-
alson, from the Committee on Military Affairs «o far back
as the 27th of'the pievious January—a time when 4 the clear
and unquestionable title to the whole of the Oregon terri-
tory5 hlnoined m all its lieshness. And its first section au-
thored the Pre^derU • to resist any attempt winch may be
made on the part of am/ foreign natun to exclusive juris-
diction over any part of the territory of the United States,
or any teintory in dispute between the United States and
: an> foreign Government, as well as also to sustain the risht*
i of the United States to, and repel invasion upon, the said
I terntoiy,5 &c.
"In fact the hill, though afterward altered and made ap-
plicable to Mexico alone, was drawn up by Mr. Haralson,
then chairman ot the Military Committee, m conjunction
with the Kite Coloii'-I Archibald Yhu., who tell, gallantly
leading ins leciment to the charge, at JUiena Yi^ta f and, as
oi initially drawn, was intended to prepare tor tile worst, both
as respect* Cieat Britain ar>H Mexico. The number of troops
wa-i le!t blank, and wa« subsequently filled up with the num-
ber oi fifty thousand; but one hundred thousand would have
been proposed if thought nece^suv. A comparison of dates
will t-how that the bill was jeported to the House several
months, before the teeeipt of th« news from Genf ral Taj lor'a
army winch led to the de< laration of war. On the receipt
of that news*,the Military Committee were notified to attend
at their room in the Capitol at half-past A o'clock the next
morning, which wa* Sunday. They then acted upon the
biibjfcct, and the next day, on receipt of, the Present's mes-
sage, the Jill was passed.3'—See Whauler's History of
gres^, vol. }, pages 401 and 402.
