1849.]
' ^
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL -GLOBE.
T«i
30th Cong 2d Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Bridges.
ho; ®r rejps.
time in discussing the great Wilmot (not proviso,
but) agitator. I say agitator, sir, because it has
done' more to disturb the peace and harmony of
the nation, to produce domestic discord, and create
sectional jealousies, than any other subject that has
ever been before an American Congress, save its
legitimate parent, Abolitionism. And, sir, permit
me to say here, that t do not envy the author of
this agitation the ephemeral distinction which he
may suppose he has gained by its introduction
into this House. No, sir. When I look around
me and see this great nation convulsed from its
centre to its circumference, the great ligaments
which bind the Union together about to be rent
asunder, and my country, as it were, about to bleed'
at every pore, I envy him not the honor—an honor
which is destined, ere long, to be turned into dis-
honor, for the time is not far distant when a rebuke of
« the people will be severely felt. 1 would rather, sir,
sit here wrapt in silence for ages, than to introduce
such a firebrand into this House—a firebrand that
has consumed more of the public time and money
than anything else that has engaged the attention
of this House since I have been a member; for, sir,
there are gentlemen upon this floor, whose whole
existence seems to depend upon the question of
slavery. They speak about it by day, and dream J
about it by night; and every occasion, whether
proper or improper, seems'to be seized upQn to in-
troduce it here. Why, sir, it is fresh in the recol-
lection of us all, that at the last session, the honor-
able gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Palfrey]
rose to a privileged question, atld offered a preamble
and resolution, the substance of which was, that it
had been " represented to members of this House
< that a lawless mob had assembled within the Dis-
' trict of Columbia, and had menaced individuals of
' this body," and moved for the appointment of a
committee to investigate the matter, with power to
send for persons and papers. A kindred spirit
simultaneously made a similar move in the other
wing of the Capitol; the consequence of which
was, that both Houses spent considerable time in
discussing the matter, which might have been
profitably employed in attending to business of
more importance to the nation. And, sir, what
was the result of the discussion ? Why, it simpiy
• brought to light the fact, that if the honorable mem-
ber from Ohio [Mr. Giddings]—who was tne per-
son alluded to as having been menaced—had been
menaced at all, it was while he was extending his
sympathetic aid to certain individuals who were
then imprisoned in the jail for violating the laws
of the District, in aiding the escape of sixty or
seventy slaves. It was there, in the prison, and not
while he was in the dischargeof his official duties,
that the fancied and reported menace was made.
And yet, sir, the occasion was seized upon with
all the avidity imaginable, as one well calculated
to crcate popular excitement, and fan the flames
of hostility to the South. But in this the actors in
the farce were disappointed, fer it failed to accom-
plish the end intended. Not only on this occasion
was the abolition hand most conspicuously dis-
played, but I shall refer to others before I con-
clude of'a similar character, and productive of as
little good to the nation.
Another reason, sir, why I thought the North
and South erred was, that it was both unnecessary
and inexpedient to legislate at all upon the subject
of slavery. It is admitted, I believe, by all, that
an organic law which Congress might pass,estab-
lishinga territorial government, could only continue
in force during the existence of the 1 erritory; and
that as soon as it should be admitted into the Union
as a State, such law would be void. And with
regard to the Oregon Territory, m particular, be-
lieving that its rapid settlement would, m a veiy
short time, enable it to take rank among us as a
sister State, I thought it wrong to disturb the peace
' of the Union, and stir up hostile passions, by legis-
lating upon the subject of ^slavery, ^n.
legislation could retain its binding, foice u ot
very short period. I thought that that question
ought to be settled by the people alone who inhab-
ited the Territory at the time of its formation into
a State, they being the best judges of what they
wanted, and what the climate and the country w u
justify. This, in any event, they would have a
right to do the moment they acquired the rights
and privileges of a State. I therefore thought it
the most prudent course to steer between the posi-
tions assumed by the North and South, and reject,
them both."
I am happy to say, sir, that I was not the only
one that occupied this conservative position. For
amid the raging storm of debate, when all hopes
of reconciliation and union had fled, and the future
presented but a daik and gloomy prospect, there
suddenly appeared in the other wing of the Capi-
tol a ray of hope of deliverance, and the olive-
branch of peace. Whence came they? from the
North? Had they come from that quarter, it would
have been an act of magnanimity of which 1 should
have been proud. But, instead of coming from
that quarter, they sprung- up from a State in which
slavery is recognized, and which were eagerly
seized upon by the geneious South; who, forget-
ting the aggressions of the North, kindly invited a
friendly reunion upon the "Clayton compromise"—
a compromise which would have ended the un-
happy contest by giving victory to the North, by
virtually yielding to it ail it desired, and all that it
had asked. The great object of northern inter-
ference would have been accomplished, and sla-
very would have been denied an existence in the
Oregon Territory. For as slavery can exist no-
where without positive enactment, no legislation
upon the subject is equal to legislation against it.
If this position is correct, what could the South
have doner Could they have taken {heir slaves
there with a view to settle? No, sir; for there
being no positive law to shield end protect them,
the moment that their slaves had planted their feet
upon Oregon soil, that moment they would have
t become free. And I cannot, perhaps, cite a better
: -authority upon this point, than by referring to the
1 language of the eloquentand distinguished Curran,
' who, when speaking upon the subject of slavery,
| said: "Slaves cannot breathe in England. The
| moment they touch our soil their chains are bro-
i ken and their shackles fall." Why? Because
there was no law there tolerating slavery. Pre-
cisely the same effect would have been produced
in Oregon, California, or any free territory of the
United States. But the North, having no confi-
dence in the judiciary of the country to settle the
vexed question, must have positive legislation
upon it. They had it, *nd the bill for establish-
ing-a territorial government in Oregon passed both
Houses, excluding slavery from that Territory.
In this, sir, after the friendly advances of the
South, I am free to say that there was 'exhibited,
on the part of the North, the most unjustifiable
pertinacity, and a determination to disregard and
trample under foot southern rights; by doing which,
the hopes of the nation, that the "Clayton compro-
mise" would be a successful balm to heal the wound
between the North and the South, were blasted,
and an agitated nation again left to indulge in pain-
ful reflections concerning the fate of our beloved
country. Sir, let me tell you, and this committee,
that the eyes of the whole American people were,
at that time, intently turned to this Capitol, anx-
iously watching the fate of that compromise; and
many were the silent and heaitfelt ejaculations
that went up to Heaven in behalf of its adoption.
A vast throng, too, of spirits of departed patriots
were hovering over us, anxiously awaiting the
result. - ,
The time has again arrived, sir, when we oc-
cupy a similar position. An effort will again be
made to enforce the principles of the ordinance of j
1787, by the passage of the bill to which I have j
already referred. Southern rights are a^am to be I
set at naught, the peace of the Union disturbed, ,
and civil "liberty endangered. speak, sir, ot
southern rights. Although by birth and educa-
tion I belong to the North, and am as mucn op-
posed to slaveiy in the abstract as any one from
that section of the Union, yet I unhesitatingly say
that the South lias rights as well as the North,
and rights, too, that ought to be respected; rights
which were respected by our ancestors when the
Federal compact was entered into, and which were
firmly secured by the Constitution, at a time when
reason and justicc reigned supreme, instead of
fanatical Abolitionism. These rights now, are as
strono- yea, even stronger than they were then.
Tlie noble conduct of the South in the Revolution,
justly entitled them to favorable consideration. In
the war of 1812 it was foremost m fighting the bat-
tles of the country. In the recent war with Mex-
ico, the earn? gallantry was displayed. It sent
more volunteers into the field than, the North.
Southern soldiers made the interests of ourcom-
mon,country their interests. They'freely poured
out their blood upon Mexican soil, and laid down
their lives in defence of the rights of the American
nation. • Through them, and the soldiers of the
North, our country was enabled in the late war
to assume one of the most enviable positions ever
assumed by any country in the world, and to pre-
sent one of the most beautiful spectacles ever held
up to the view of nations. For while it was com-
pelled to chastise a rebellious nation with one hand,
it was feeding the starving nations of Europe with
the other. The war, as is usual with other na-
tions, had not the effect to exhaust her resources, •
cripple her energies,* or impair her credit. But
like.a mighty tower, she stood firm, and demon-
strated to an admiring world the beauty and sta-
bility of her institutions and the unconquerable
power of her citizen-soldiers. Yes, sir, the chi.v-
alrous South was there in all its pride and power,
and helped to accomplish this. Its gallant sons,
emulous of fame, and ever ready to avenge their
country's wrongs, rushed-to the field, bared their
bosoms to the foe, and deserted not their posts,
until victory perched upon the American banner,
and an honorable peace was conquered. The
fiuits of this peace, as is well known to this com-
mittee, are the acquisition of Mexican territory.
And shall it be said, sir,.when we come to legislate
for this territory, that the South, after all its devo-
tion and its sacrifices, shall have no lot or part in
it? Shall there be a legislative barrier thrown
around it to prevent it from asserting its rights to
i this property in common with the North ? Shall
j it be told that notwithstanding the soil has beea
| fattened by the blood of its sons, that it has no
' interest there? Shall the widows of those brave
men who offered up their lives as a sacrifice in
their country's cause, and who now lie moulder-
ing in Mexican dust, be told that their hus-
bands have fought and bled for nothing? Shall
their destitute and needy orphans seek in vain for
an inheritance there, and receive nothing but cold
! denial from the North ? Such a course, sir, in my
j opinion, would not only be anti-republican, but
I anti-christian. An-{ to draw such- discriminating
| lines I believe to be unjust m the extreme, and
1 dangerous to the peace of the Union. Our Mexi-
! can possessions are acknowledged to be the joint
I property of all the States, in which each has an
| interest. Then why not concede the interest, and
permit it to be enjoyed in the best way that it can,
and in a way tha{ would give satisfaction to all ?
This leads me to discuss for a moment the ques-
tion, how and in what manner this interest ought
to be enjoyed? I believe it to be generally con-
ceded that some respect ought to be paid to the
laws and municipal regulations existing in a terri-
tory at the time of its acquisition, although the
laws of nations lay down the rule, that all laws in
it, inconsistent with theconstitution and laws of the
nation to which it is brought into subjection, are
at once abiogated. Then, if those not so incon-
sistent may be respected, the institution of slavery,
not being inconsistent with the Constitution and
general laws of the United States, ought, in my
opinion, to be respected. For example: at the
time of the admission of Louisiana into the Union,
slavery existed within its limits, I believe by pos-
itive law, if not, certainly with the general consent
of its inhabitants. And this being the case, the
Congress that authorized its admission did not
feel justified in imposing upon it a condition, that
slavery should be abolished within its limits, but
very properly left that question to be decided by
the" people. Precisely the same course was pur-
sued in relation to other States, and in fact the
same thing was done in relation to all the States,
at the time of the adoption of the Constitution.
Wherever slavery had obtained a foothold, there
it was suffered to remain. A similar .policy ought
now, in my opinion, to be pursued in relation to
our Mexican territory. Before its reduction to
our possession, the question as to its laws and
municipal regulations was not discussed. T he
existence or non-existence of slavery there was
riot made a point, either by the North or the South.
They jointly fought for it and conquered it, with-
out regard to it. The question now, for the first
time, comes uo, Which has won, or lost by the
operation ? To settle this, the precise situation of
