1849.]
■ • >/- '
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
153
30th Cong 2d Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Bridges.
Ho. oi1 Reps.
tleman, but many of the Free-soil party occupy,
and I do not see how they can easily escape from
it.
But I must hasten, sir, to give a passing notice
to the gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Wilson,] who next addressed us. In the same
address to which I have already referred the com-
mittee, I find the following language:
"Within the last two years, while political incendiaries,
with the view of creating sectional parlies, have been pro-
claiming to the South that the North were preparing to inter-
fere with her domestic relations, have we not seen the
preachers of such doctrines driven from public assemblies,
in the North and Northeast, with mockery and scorn> It
w5s but the other day that the Abolitionists were refused
permission, by an overwhelming vote of the Legislature of
New Hampshire, to hold meetmas in either legislative hall,
on the ground that the objects of the society were incom-
patible with those southern interests secured by the Consti-
tution, with which the northern people had nothing to do.
and which could never be agitated without danger and
alarm. It is the power and influence of united republican-
ism and patriotism which ties the hands of the Abolitionists
and fanatics in the North, and scorns their doctrines.?'
Notwithstanding this strong expression of opin-
ion of the Legislature of his own Slate, I find the
honorable gentleman often voting'with those who
are opposed to the existence of slavery. But the
gentleman may offer as an excuse for taking this
position, that he claims no affinity with the democ-
racy of New Hampshire, inasmuch as he is now
representing the Whig portion of that State, and
therefore is bound by none of its decisions. If so,
he certainly cannot be charged with being faithless
to his trust. But, sir, it appears to me that he was
guilty of one inconsistency, at least, in wandering
from the main subject of his speech for the purpose
of attacking the proceedings of the late Baltimore
Convention, and declaring that in that Convention
the South ruled the North. This permits me to
take the liberty of asking him whether the SoutK
did not rule the North in the Whig Convention
held in Philadelphia? Was General Taylor the
favorite, or the choice of the North ? Did not some
of the northern delegates not only not vote for |um,
but refuse to ratify his nomination, until an oppor-
tunity of consulting with" their constituents had
been afforded them ? Was not the whole stomach
of the North, in fact, sickened by the dose which
the South' compelled it to swallow? Was it not
publicly said, in Convention, that the forced nom-
ination of General Taylor was a virtual annihila-
tion of the Whig party? Then, I would ask the
gentleman, who ruled in that Convention—the
North or the South ? If he says he does not know,
1 will tell him to ask the northern States in general,
and the editor of the New York Tribune in par-
ticular, and I presume he will be enlightened upon
the subject.
But, sir, to return to the subject more imme-
diately before us: having shown, I think con-
clusively, that, so far as any action in this House
is concerned, the Abolition and Free-soil par-
ties are acting in concert, I will proceed to show,
that instead of being friends, they are enemies to
the slave race, and that the course which the
former heretofore pursued defeated the object
which it had in view; and that the course which
both parties are now taking together, will have the
same effect.
In 1832 the question of the emancipation of
slaves in Virginia was extensively agitated in that
State. Although the subject before that time had
been forbidden ground, yet by general consent the
question was put in such a shape that it could
properly be met. The people took ground on
ooth sides of it. The members of the Legislature
were divided upon the subject. The feelings of
the people of the whole State at length became so
enlisted in the matter, that it was finally resolved
to test the question at the ballot-box, at the next
ensuing election of members to the Legislature.
The result was, that every member of the preced-
ing Legislature who had taken ground in favor of
emancipation, save one, Were reelected by greatly
increased majorities: thus showing a decided pop-
ular majority in its favor. Not only this, but
Other slaveholding States had so far caught the
spirit of Virginia, that it was proposed to hold a
Southern Convention, for the purpose of forming
some plan for the general emancipation of their
Sir, no sooner had this grand project begutj to j
shed its cheering beams upon the South, than a !
dark cloud arose in the North and obscured their ;
brightness. That was the cloud of Abolitionism.
Had it not been for that, a vast number of slaves
would have been now enjoying their freedom. The
moment the South became apprised of the opera-
tions of the North, all idea of emancipation van-
ished, and it planted itself upon its constitutional
rights. And could it do less?' Would it have been
consistent with its dignity to have yielded to this
attack upon their domestic institutions? No, sir;
they would have been derelict in duty to them-
selves and to posterity had they done it.
Upon whose shoulders, then, let me ask, lies
the charge of the existence of the institution of sla-
very, to the extent to which it now exists ? Upon
none other than those who made the attack upon
it. They have been the means of drawing the
cords of slavery closer than they otherwise wo'uld
have been, and to them belongs the credit of hav-
ing done more injury to the .race than, I fear, they
can ever do good. And such will continue to be
the case, as long as this improper crusade is carried
on against the South.
If, sir., these people could succeed in their enter-,
prise, would they stand in a better light before the
world, or receive more praise from ail moral and
good men ? It should be recollected that there are
two sides of the picture which we are now con-
templating. If slavery is an .evil, would not eman-
cipation bring upon the nation cine still greater?
Suppose the three millions of slaves who now ex-
ist in the United States, could at the same moment
be set free: could they maintain themselves in the
South, and enjoy all the comforts of life that are
now afforded them ? Experience has thus far taught
us that they could not; that freedom, in most in-
stances, has a deleterious effect upon them, and in
its enjoyment they sink into an abandoned and
profligate condition.
But suppose the blacks should leave the South,
which the greater portion of them inevitably must
do: where would they go ? Would they go to the
free States ? Sir, it must not be forgotten that they
have already been driven from the State of^Ohio
at the point of the bayonet. And why? Because
the intelligent and far-seeing people of that State
will not suffer emancipated slaves to come among
them,'to plant a free colored race, to breed mischief,
misery, and crime, so gen*-al!y incident to them,
and generate subjects for almshouses. Can they
go North ? If they did, I fear that they would not
meet with a warmer reception there. But if, per-
chance, they might get a foothold there, their sit-
uation would be miserable indeed, as I think I shall
show before I conclude. But suppose they are
driven from that quarter whither would they flee?
Could they throw themselves into the arms of the
American Colonization Society? That could avail
them comparatively little, inasmuch as it would
not have the means, or the power of extending its
benefits, if any, to so great a number, and especi-
ally within any reasonable period of time; for, by
the last report of that society, it appears that but
four hundred and forty-three emigrants have been
sent to Liberia during the last year. At this rate,
how long would it take to colonize three millions?
Not less than six thousand seven hundred and sev-
enty-two years, to say nothing of the increase
during that period. And what would be the ex-
pense which must necessarily be incurred by it ?
By the same report, I find that " the average ex-
' pense of transporting to Liberia, and supporting
' there six months, each emigrant, may be set down,
' at fifty dollars," which for three, millions would
amount to the sum of one hundred and fifty mil-
lions of dollais. And can this enormous expense
be incurred? No, sir. The country is not rich
enough and liberal enough to do it. It has not the
power to accomplish so vast an enterprise.
And, sir, the experiment in Liberia is in its in-
fancy, and the great question of its utility is yet a
problem. For the race is so physically consti-
tuted, that I fear they will never be capable of self-
government, and that they can never exist as a
distinct people. They have minds, it is true, but
minds which education can scarcely brighten.
They are in every respect a peculiar race, entirely
distinct from the Anglo-Saxon race, for whose use
nature seems to have designed them. Their phys-
ical formation, their ideas, and their mode of ex-
pressing them, are entnely different. They lack
also in judgment, enterprise, and general aptitude
for business. They want a leader to guide and
direct them. And, in fact, everything pertaining
to them seems to indicate, that they are a race ever
destined to be governed.
If these views be correct, where can the blacks
be governed better than where they now are? Go
to the peaceful plantation in the South, on which
they reside, and contemplate for a moment the
comforts of life—yea, the happiness which they
enjoy. They are generally well fed and comforta-
bly clad. In sickness, every necessary attention
is paid to them, and in old age a comfortable sup-
port is allowed them; and when their lamp of life
goes out, tKey are decently committed to the grave.
They are, while living, kind and affectionate to
their masters, by which their masters become at-
tached to them. Their interests being mutual, a
correct and friendly state of things cannot butexist
between them. How different, m every respect, ia
their condition from that of the free negroes of the
North ! Let us in imagination, sir, accompany our
northern friends there, and for a moment contem-
plate the scenes there presented. There we shall
find wretchedness and misery presented to us ia
the most frightful forms. We shall find them living
in miserable hovels, in the midst of filth.and ver-
min, their nakedness half covered, and themselves
half starved. Call them from their refuges, which
serve more to shield them from the frowns of better
educated and enlightened man, than to protect them
from the rude blasts of heaven, and ask them if
they are comfortable and happy, and they will tell
us no. Ask them if they are treated kindly by the
white race, and they will tell us no. They will teli
us that they aFe frowned down, and scarcely looked
upon as human beings. And it is so. They aie
indeed civilly and politically set at nought. The
rights of citizenship are denied them, and they are
in every respect placed in the lowest 3Cdle of hu-
man beings. And indeed they, as wellasjjie slaves
at the South, never can be made good citizens, or
become attached to the institutions of the country.
So thought the Earl of Dartmouth in 1777, who,
when speaking of the slave trade with the Ameri-
can colonies, said: " We cannot allow the colonies
'to check or in any degree discourage a traffic so
' beneficial to the English nation." Again, said
he, " negroes cannot hecome republicans; they will Se ,
a power in our /lands to restrain the unruly colonists."
Then, if the situation of free negroes is such as
we Have described it, why this boasted philan-
thropy in the North, this burning zeal m favor of
a similar race in another portion of the Union?
Why not let charity begin at home, and do its
work there first? And why not present a better
state of things and a better record of morals there
before they begin to preach to their neighbors.
Now, sir, let us glance at the criminal statistics of
a few of the States, and see how much greater a
proportion 6f blacks have been imprisoned for
crimes committed than whites, and hoSv many-
more free negroes than slaves:
The State of Maine has a population of 501,793
01 the&e, are free colored  1,355
There have been imprisoned in the last ten yeais—iv lines
279, coloied 14, inakirig one for every 1,798 of the fouuer,
and one lor every 97 of the latter.
Massachusetts has a population of 737,099
Of these, are free colored  8.G33
Imprisoned m the last ten >ears—whites 943, colored 101,
making one for every 773 Of tlie lormer, and one lor every
80 of the latter.
Rhode Island has a population of. 108,830
Of these are fiee colored  3,238
Inipnsoned m the last ten-yeai—whites 194, colored 55,
maKiug one for every 544 of the lormer, and one lor eveiy
5c of the lattei.
Connecticut has a population of. '"SsI?
Ol these, are free colored   8,105
Imprisoned in the last ten v eais—vvJmes 1.351 ? colored 4471
making one for every 297 of the former, and one for every
17 of the latter.
Thus it will be seen that there is a greater num-
ber of crimes committed by the free colored people
of the North, in proportion to their numbers, man
by the white race. And it is a remarkable coin-
cidence, that in the States of Massachusetts and
Connecticut, which have professed more compas-
sion for the colored race than either of the other
States that I have mentioned, a greater proportion
of crimes have been committed by it. What 'las
been the cause of it, I leave to this committee and
the country to judge. I will now endeavor to see
how the commission of crimes by free colored per-
sons in these two States will correspond with the
