y
1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
157
30th Cong....2d Sess.
Slavery in the Territories—Mr. Chap>
man.
Ho; of Reps.
I cannot describe, the continued agitation of this
subject upon this floor. I do not now intend to
discuss the abstract question of slavery, or to speak
in justification of an institution which has existed
from the earliest period-of civil society; which
was instituted by the providence of God for pur-
poses which we cannot comprehend, and which is
likely to exist as long as civil government shall be
known.
The question has now assumed an aspect which
we may not be at liberty to disregard; and if we
value this Union and the form of government under
which we live, it behooves us to quiet the agita-
tion and excitement which has been growing up,
and which, if appearances are not deceptive, may
spread into one general conflagratiQn throughout
this land. It is time that the sober-minded people
of the country should form a union against fac-
tionists and demagogues,and disregarding all party
obligations, determine to stand together by the
Union and the compromises of the Constitution.
It may be done—now is the time—and no man is
a patriot who will not yield some individual pref-
erence of fancied importance for the peace and
tranquillity of the country.
Let this question, which is now agitating this
country from its centre to its circumference, be
settled. The countiy requires repose, and it can
have no peace or quiet until this agitation ceases;
until every ground upon which designing politi-
cians, or aspiring demagogues, or fanatics, can
place themselves, to appeal to passion and preju-
dice, shall be removed. Let it be done, and done
speedily. I believe, sir, that the conservative feel-
ing of the country is yet strong enough and sound
enough to forestall the movements of politicians.
I have more faitlrin the virtue and patriotism of
the people than I have in their repiesentatives.
The people ace attached to the Union, and prop-
erly estimate the blessings of the Government
under whicfi our country has pursued its march to
a high position among the nations of the world.
The excitement which is produced here has not
extended itself to those who are to be overwhelmed
by its consequences if it is not arrested. Fortu-
nate, indeed, is it that the people are more deeply
• interested to preserve the Union than the politi-
cians, and that the storms of faction ana fanati-
cism which are got up here to subserve the pur-
- poses of aspiring men, can be stayed by the sober
sense and patriotic feeling of a virtuous people.
The great question of political power to result
from the character of the institutions to be estab-
lished in the newly-acquired Territories of New
Mexico and California, i trust will soon be settled.
It may be done, and that without doing violence
to the Constitution, by such a measure as that pro-
posed by my friend from Virginia, [Mr. Preston.]
The mode of settlement proposed by that bill
■ leaves the question of slavery where the Constitu-
tion places it—in the hands of the people, among
whom it is to exist or not, as their wishes or judg-
ment may direct. -
I was opposed, sir, as you know, and many
othet* members with whom I had the pleasure of
serving in the last Congress, to the acquisition of
this territory, and to the war by which it was ob-
tained. I foresaw the disastrous consequences
which might result from the mad spirit of aggres-
sion and conquest, by which these provinces were
to be annexed to our Republic. Some of the evils
which I anticipated are upon us; and it becomes
our imperative duty to arrest the approach of
others, before the. ark of the Government, which
has already been floating in turbid waters, may be
swept over by a tempest which will dash it into
fragments.
There are several propositions before the two
Houses of Congress for the settlement of this ques-
tion. I do not intend to discuss their relative
merits. I will cheerfully vote for the substitute of
my friend from Virginia, [Mr. Preston,] now be-
fore the committee, or for any other measure which
will settle this agitating question according to the
spirit and compromises of the Constitution. I will
vote for my friend's bill, because I know it was
prompted by the loftiest sense of patriotism and
duty, and because it yields no^principle of con-
stitutional guarantee, and leaves the institution to
be regulated by the people of the Territories in ac-
cordance with the adjustment of that question by
the Constitution.
I have learned enough to satisfy me that the con-
tinued agitation of the slavery question, and the
excitement sought to be created by its discussion
here, has not pioceeded so much from any hos-
tility to the institution, nor from the belief that'it
"is injurious in its moral influences, as from the ex-
pectation of acquiring political power by combina-
tions to be formed by those who appeal to the pre-
judices of the people. If the Territory of California
is to be held by us, (and it seems there is now
no alternative,) place her under no disabilities;
let her come into the Unior^when she is prepared
to do so, upon an equality with the other States,
with her local institutions subject to her own mu-
nicipal regulations, and extend over her all the guar-
antees of the Constitution. Thus will be removed
all ground for serious agitation, and there will then
be left but this District, some five miles by ten now
remaining of it, not large enough to create any
contest for power and ascendency, and by the force
of circumstances, in a few years, will not afford
debatable ground for political aspirants, or those
who may be led by misguided zeal or misdirected
philanthropy.
I said Mr. Chairman, that I had not discussed the
subject of slavery,and that Ideemed it unwise to do
so. I do not intend to speak of it now in any other
terms but those known to thcDonstitution. "We
have to deal with the Constitution and the powers
conferred upon the Federal Government, and I
shall confine my remarks upon the power of Con-
gress in this District to interfere with rights which
existed before the Constitution.
" I have said, sir, that in my judgment Congress
has no power over the institution of slavery in this
District; and I shall give the leasons which have
brought my mind to that conclusion, upon a can-
did examination of the subject, and with a sincete
desire to arrive at the true reading; of the Constitu-
tion. The powers of Congress over the District are
derived from the Constitution, and from the act of
cession by the State of Maryland; and I shall con-
sider them as emanating from these two sources,
and inquire into their nature and extent.
And now, sir, that the House may better under-
stand and apply the argument which I shall offer,
and as the time allowed to me under the rule of
the House will not permit me fully to discuss
them, I take leave to state the following principles,
which I shall attempt to illustrate, though not ex-
actly in the order in which they are here placed.
1. That the Federal Government " is a Govern-
ment of enumerated powers," and though limited
in its powers, is supreme within its sphere, " and
supreme a3 toils objects."
2. That to establish arfd regulate.slavery is not
one of the enumerated powers delegated to the
Federal Government.
3. That the subject of slavery, not being within
the powers of the'Federal Government, is without
its jurisdiction, except so far as is embraced in the
second section of the fomth article of the Consti-
tution.
4. That power is given, and it is made obliga-
tory upon the Federal Government, to enforce the
second section, fourth article of the Constitution,
which in is these words, viz:
" No percori held tr> service or labor in one Stnte under
the laws thereof, escaping into another, shall, iri consequence
of any law or regulation therein, be d^ehargod from such
service or labor, but shall be delivered up on claim of the
party to whom such service or labor may be due."
5. That under the Constitution and laws of
Maryland, existing and in force at the time of the
cession of this territory to the Federal Government,
the power over the subject of slavery was a sov-
ereign power, and abided with the people of the
State.
6. That the power to legislate upon the subject
; of slavery m the District of Columbia was not
1 transferred by the State of Maryland, and that the
; act of cession did not enlarge the powers of the
! Federal Government which were granted by the
: thirteen confederated States.
7. That the power to abolish slavery, or to in-
terfere with it, where it existed at the time of the
adoption of the Constitution, is a sovereign power,
and can only be exercised by the people of the
States where it exists.
The Constitution confers on Congress two classes
of powers, national and municipal. Those which
are national embrace all such subjects as are neces-
sary for the welfare of the' Union, and for the end
and purposes for w-hich the Federal Government
was formed: to lay and collects taxes, to provide
for the common defence and general welfare, to
regulate commerce, establish post offices and roads,
to declare war, to raise and support armies, to pro-
vide and maintain a navy, to provide for calling
forth the militia, and for arming and disciplining
them for certain purposes; with others, which I
need not specify. Its municipal powers relate to
the rights of the citizen, and the protection of those
rights, and the establishment of tribunals before
which those rights may be inquired into, enforced,
and protected.
I shall consider the powers of Congress over
the District as derived from the specific grant in
the second section, first article, of the Constitution,
and from the act of cession of the State of Mary-
land, at December session, 1791, and how far it is
controlled by the extent and character of the pow-
ers delegated to the Federal Government by the
States and the people.
The time allowed to me will not admit of my
tracing the action of the States upon this subject
prior to and at the formation of the Constitution;
nor is it necessary that I should do so, for the pur-
pose of showing the views which were held by
the States, and the inducements to the formation
of the present Constitution. The history of those
times was related by my worthy colleague, [Mr.
Crisfield,] a few days ago, in his able argument
upon the obligations of the Government to keep
its faith; and I take occasion here to say, that 'fn
many of the views and opinions expressed by him
with so much ability, I agree—although, upon the
question of power in this Government over this
subject, I am compelled to differ with him in opin-
ion. Slavery existed in most of the States at that"
time. The institution was recognized, and the
right of property guarantied, by the Constitution";
yes, sir, guarantied, by the strongest terms that
could be used—the obligation that fugitives from
service and labor into another State u shall be de-
livered up" to " tho party to whom such service or
labor may be due," and the duty imposed upon
the Federal Government to execute this contract,
and to interpose its power whenever necessary for
this purpose. The opinion which I express is
fully sustained by the Supreme Court.
In d%ivering the opinion of the court in the case
of Prigg vs. the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania,
Mr. Justice Story says:
" The last clause \2d section, 4th article of the Constitu-
tion) is that, the true interpretation whereof is directly in
judgment before us. Historically, it is well known that the
object of this clause was to secure to the citizcns of the
slaveholding States the complete right arid utle of owner-
ship m their slaves as property in every State in the Union
into which they might escape (rom the State where they
were held in servitude. The full recognition of tbi* right
and title was ind«peni>able to the security of this species of
property in all the staveholdmg States, and indeed was so
vital to the preservation of their domc?tic inteiestp and in-
stitutions, that it cannot be doubled that it constituted a fun-
damental article, without the adoption of which the Union
could not have been formed. fts true design was to guard
asain^t the doctrines and principles prevalent in the non-
slavcholdmg States, by preventing them from intermedhng
with, or obstructing oi abolishing the rights of the owners of
slaves."
At the time of the adoption of the Constitution,
this District was a part of the State of Maryland,
where slavery existed and was recognized by the
Constitution; and the same rights inured to the cit-
izens under the Constitution as to the other citizens
of Maryland, and among them the recognition of
their right of property in their slaves, and that they
should be secured in those rights, and the right of
recapture of their slaves in any State of this Union;
that their private property should not be taken for
public use, without just compensation. No power
is given to Congress by the Constitution over sla-
very except as before stated, nor can any be exor-
cised by implication.
Slavery, as I have said, existed in most of the
States at the formation of the Constitution. It not
only existed as "a municipal institution, but the
Convention was compelled to recognize and ac-
knowledge it, and to guaranty its protection and
the rights of the owner; or that Constitution never
would have been adopted—this Union never would
have been formed. I do not mean to enter into a
defence of the institution; this is not the appro-
priate place for it: we have nothing to do with it
but m its political relations, and I speak only as to
