V
1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
161
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Slavery in the Territories—Mr. Venable.
New Series.......No. 11.
agency of others, and for which the people of the
North are as much if not more responsible than
weare5 Can anygoodgrowout of it? Willitpro-,
duce benefit to the North or to the South? Will
it strengthen the bonds of union which cost our
fathers so much to create? Will it make the Re-
public more enduring, or the people more pros-
perous and happy? No, sir, no; no such purpose
has prompted this agitation; no love of country or
patriotic feeling lies at the bottom of these move-
ments. They are excited by an ambition of a less
noble impulse—an anlbition that seeks its own
gratification, and that would fire the very temple of
Liberty, if it would shed a brighter light upon its
own unhallowed path.
Where, sir, do these continued excitements tend?
how are they to terminate ? I have not believed
that disunion were possible. I have thought, and
still wish to think, that the American people " will
4 indignantly frown upon the first dawningof every
s attempttoalienateany portionof our country from
* the rest, or to enfeeble the sacred ties which link
* together the various parts." But this agitation
cannot continue. It must cease, or who can foresee
the consequences? The spirit of forbearance will
wear out, and that love for the Union which burned
so brightly in the earlier days of the Republic will
expire upon its own altar, when it ceases to find
fuel for its existence in the blessings which were
anticipated from the alliance,^
Sir, the outward limits of this Confederacy are
but little interested in the consequences of this
excitement, compared to .what we feel upon the
subject. The State which I in part represent is
the one most deeply concerned. Think you, sir,
that we, the representatives from Maryland, are
unmoved at the continued threats of dissolving the
Union ? Think you that we can look at the black
eloud which is gathering, without feeling deep and
painful anxiety? No Tongue can tell how dark
would that day hang over the destinies of that
patriotic State, if the sun should rise upon more
than one Confederacy between the St. Lawrence
and the Gulf of Mexico or the Atlantic and our
western limits.
What would be the condition of this city, laid
out by the Father of his Country, as the seat of
a government founded in a spirit of compromise
and concession, and intended to dispense the bless-
ings of civil and religious liberty to countless mil-
lions? The grass, sir, would soon gjrow up in its
streets; the birds of the air would build their nests
in temples erected to the worship of the living
God; and this Capitol afford dens and lurking-
places for the border bandit, who would wage his
predatory wars upon the neighboring country.
What security would the people of Maryland have
for their slaves or any other property? Mary-
land, sir, has had no agency in producing, this
agitation. Her whole course and policy has been
to strengthen the bonds which bind this Union to-
gether. In the war of independence, she stood
among the foremost on the battle-field, and in
every contest in which the country has been en-
gaged, she has not stopped to inquire into the
cause of quarrel, or the dangers to be encoun-
tered: but she looked to the honor of the coun-
try, the whole country, and her best blood has
been given wherever the offering was required.
To strengthen the bonds of this Union, she has
contributed her means to the extent of her ability,
and she advanced her credit, as far as honor would
permit, and far beyond what prudential considera-
tions dictated, to strengthen the ties which bind
this Union together. Her position is central, and
-her pursuits agricultural and commercial; and in
the efforts which she has made to construct works
of improvement to afford facilities of intercommu-
nication between the Atlantic and the West, it
Was not so much that facilities might be afforded
for transporting to market her agricultural produc-
tions, or to open an avenue for her mineral wealth,
as that her railroads and canals wouid bring our
western brethren nearer to us; that they would
afford them facilities of bringing their rich produc-
tions to market by a nearer and less expensive
route; that they would be additional ties to bind
the East and the West together, and would be
mountain barriers to our disunion. Sir, Mary-
land has a deeper interest in this question than
any other State, and it is no matter of surprise,
that her representatives feel the responsibility that
u
rests upon them, and the momentous consequences
with which these agitations may bepfraught.
I desire now^ sir, to notice some of the views
which have been expressed on this subject. [The
Chairman's hammer fell, and Mr. C. was arrested
in his remarks by the expiration of his time.]
SLAVERY IN THE TERRITORIES.
SPEEtH OF MR. A. W. VENABLE,
OP NORTH CAROLINA,
In the House or Representatives,
February 96, 1849,
In Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Vinton, of Ohio, in the chair,) on
the bill to establish a Territorial Government in
California.
Mr. VENABLS said:
Mr. Chairman: I have given to each proposition
which has been submitted, either in this House or
the Senate, having for its object the adjustment of
this vexed question, the most mature consideration, jt
I have approached them with the most sincere ji
desire to fix upon some one, which would afford j|
a just basis, for a final arid satisfactory settlement. :!
Aware of the vast importance of repose to the pub- J'
lie mind, I have been desirous that some measure i'
of conciliation should be adopted, which, whilst it :]
would effect a just and fair arrangement between I
the parties, would carry with it-a prevailing influ-
ence to restore kind and fraternal relations.
It would be uncandid, as well as unwise to say
that alienation of feeling does not exist, and that to
a most serious and fearful extent. It does exist,
and he, sir, must have been utterly regardless of
our history, who has not been deeply affected
with the nature of the events which have given
character to our legislative history for years past; :
who ha3 no0 marked the progressive inroads of;
one party, and the equally decided remonstrances 1
of the other; the steady purpose on the one hand
to invade, and the warning given on the other that!
hopeless evil must be the result of the invasion, i
know that it has become common to denominate
every expression of a purpose to resist aggression
on the part of southern gentlemen, a threat; and
we have been gravely told that nothing could
transcend the folly of making them, but the ex-
treme weakness of regarding them when made.
We are gravely advised upon this matter; and it
*is not my purpose to argue this subject, either in
the spirit of menace or of supplication. I propose
only to claim for the South the guarantees of the
Constitution, and, for one, will not be satisfied
with anything less. I feel assured that it is one
thing to be the subject of an injury inflicted by
the hand of power, and quite another to be the
willing author of the disaster which overwhelms
you. I feel assured, that as men of honor in pri-
vate life can never secure a friendship by any j
arrangement which exalts the one and degrades j
the other, so statesmen can never restore or per-!
petuate fraternal relations amongst the citizens of
this great Republic, upon any basis which does :
not combine the elements of equality and justice.
I shall not at present enlarge upon so obvious and ■
simple a proposition: my purpose was only to 1
express the conviction, that m all our expressions
of anxiety to give the country repose, it should
be manifest,' at least, that that repose should <
"owe its existence to a conviction on all hands ^
that justice had been done. ^ I
There is a repose, Mr. Chairman, which all
patriots desire—that tranquillity spoken of in the
preamble of our Constitution, which dwells m the
midst of a people conscious of a mild and well-
ordered government; which springs from a sense of
security to persons and property, and is founded
upon the great principles of justice and equality.
The approach of aggression, or the assaults of a
selfish policy, must disturb this repose: for it is
only by this vigilance that it can be restored or
preserved. But there is a repose which no patriot ;
can desire: an abject submission to wrong", or t/ie j
paralysis of despair, which sometimes pioduces |
quiet without peace, and stillness without repose; ;
a sense of deep injustice, without the hope of re- j
dress; a sullen acquiescence to evil, because it is j
without remedy. This is the repose which is found ;
in the stillness of despotism, and can never exist
amidst free institutions. The statesman should
never be unwilling to hear the murmurs of the
people, in a Government like ours. He should
never complain of agitation when the rights of the
citizens are invaded. The clamor which men raise
under a senscof wrong, is the healthful and natu-
ral indication of pain and disease in the body pol-
itic. The way to calm such agitation, is to do
justice, and to cause the wrong-doer to forbear. It
is but aggravating the wrong, to rebuke the com-
plaint which announces it. "It is but encouraging
the wrong-doer, to denounce that complaint as agi-
tation.
I have said thus much, sir, because of a sickly
sensibility which seems to have come o^ver the
public mind, and sometimes into this House, in
relation to this subject of slavery in all its bearings
and relations. Gentlemen are often alluded to as
agitators and fanatics, who have never gone be-
yond the mere assertion of the guarantees of the
Constitution, and denounced as desirous ofkeeping
the subject open for the purposes of agitation, be-
cause they are not ready to abandon the rights of
their constituents to an unjust demand. There
seems to be with some a fearful apprehension that
the subject ought not to be discussed because it
will agitate.
Sir, it ought to be discussed, however it may
agitate, bee \use it lies at the bottom of all the
deeply fearful matters which now fester in the
hearts, and alienate the affections of our people.
He is but an empiric who prescribes without a
thorough knowledge of the disease which he pro-
poses to treat; and if fatal consequences ensue, is
but little less guilty than the murderer. Turn from
the contemplation of this subject of domestic sla-
very we may—avoid the adjustment of the difficul-
ties which are connccted with it, we can for a
while; but the difficulties must accumulate with
the delay, and dangers which arise out of those dif-
ficulties must become more fearful.
I shall not at this time enlarge upon the subject
of slavery as it exists at the South. 1 do not rise
to discuss questions of ethics, but of constitutional
right—not to lecture on the progress of society or
the developments of transcendental benevolence in
future times, but to weigh and determine the vatue
of the propositions which are urged with a view «
to the government to be framed in the bill and sub-
stitute now under consideration—to examine the
measures proposed, and their adaptation to the
end. And here, sir, I would remark, that I am
convinced that the President has recommended the
prooer policy.' In his message of the last session,
shortly before its close, he recommended a terri-
torial government:, for the provinces of California
and New Mexico; he brought the subject before
Congress, and urged the pressing necessity of such
a measure upon the expiration of the military gov-
ernments which he had formed during the war.
The fate of the bill for the formation of territorial
governments for the then Territories of Oregon,
California, and New Mexico, is well known in this
House. 1 deeply regiet the failure of that meas-
ure. for it would have adjusted at least this cause
of alienation between the North and the South.
In his annual message at the opening of this ses-
sion of Congress he made the same recommenda-
tion—of which I do most cordially approve, and
for which I am prepared to vote. A territorial
government which does not seek either to estab-
lish or prohibit slavery within theic limits, but is
silent on the subject, will meet with my most cor-
dial support. The annexation of the Wilmot pro-
viso would securc my opposition; but that is not
the fault of southern men, but of those who in&ist
upon their right so to appropriate the domain of the
United States as to exclude a large portion of our
countrymen from a participation therein.
The reasons, sir, why a territorial government
should be preferred, are most obvious. Our ac-
quaintance with the population and the territories
themselves, must at once determine our minos
that they are not prepared for the exercise of tne
sovereignty of a State. When the'treaty pf peace
was ratified, there were supposed to be about
110.000 inhabitants, including Indians, m the ceded^
territory; a surface equal to at least one-third ot
the United States, and a population not niuch ex-
ceeding half of that of the small State of Rhode
Island; a population the larger portion or which
ore actually savages, and the remainder not hignly
