1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
t§?
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Slavery in the Territories—Mr. Variable.
Ho. of Reps.
we owe to these inhabitants to extend over them
the protection of a government. I voted against
the bill to extend the revenue laws over those ter-
ritories, which passed some days since, because I
will not collect taxes or impose burdens where I
withhold government and deny protection. I re-
gret that that bill passed, because it is at war with
our revolutionary and republican doctrines, I shall
tlo everything short of a surrender of the rights of
my constituents, to effect that object. I believe
that Virginia, the C&rohnas, and Florida meant the
spirit and effect of the Wilmot proviso, and no set
form of words, in their resolutions; and, so meaning, j j
have assumed grounds from which they will not re-
cede. Believing so, sir, I owe allegiance to North
Carolina, and obedience to this Federal Government
and its authorities, because North Carolina com-
mands me to do so. Should their commands con-
flict, I must and should obey my State. I must with-
hold my vote from the substitute, because I cannot
perceive the constitutional right of Congress to
create, by a prospective law, a State not having
preexisting form or substance, without reference
to the nature or character of its future government,
and with an unconstitutional apportionment of rep-
resentatives in this Hou?e—unconstitutional, be-
cause adopted without the evidence of a sufficient
population to justify the number, and with e7ery
probability against it; because I am sure that a
constitution now formed wfluld exclude slave-
holders and their property from the territories, and
thus inflict the result of the proviso on the South;
because there is but a remote probability that a
people sparsely scattered over such an enormous
surface could assemble so as to form a constitu-
tional assembly, representing the localities, the
wishes, and the interests of the people; and be-
cause the population, from the want of civiliza-
tion, with incongruous opinions on the subject of
government, and collected from such remote quar-
ters by emigration, hostile to the institutions of the
conquering country, and practically ignorant ol
republican principles, are not in such a state of
moral or political development as to justify the en-
actment of a law which summons them to the
formation of a constitution.
I turn now to that portion of this House who
«re determined to fix the Wilmot proviso to this
and ask them, why insist upon this measure?
Many of you profess to believe that slavery can
never go there; others, that it is excluded by the
laws of Mexico already. Why, then, exasper-
ate your southern fellow-citizens by thus wantonly
inflicting that which they suppose to be a dishonor?
Why do that which great States have declared
shall be resisted at all hazards and to the last ex-
tremity, unnecessarily? The collision must come
—the 'South will not back out; she asks no back-
ing out from you, but only to pausd in the prog-
ress of aggression. As empty as you may consider
the apprehensions of danger to the Union, I warn
you to forbear. Should Virginia resist, as her res-
olutions indicate. I do not believe there is a State
south of Mason and Dixon's line that would see
the mother of States assailed and overthrown by
Federal bayonets.
I am gratified, however, sir, to believe that there
is a proposition upon which a majority of this
House can agree: I allude to theamendmentof my m
friend from Maryland, [Mr. Evans,] which is near- ;
\y a transcript of the law of 1803 for the govern-
ment of Louisiana. An amendment of the same i
kind is now pending in the Senate, and I hope will j;
pass that body. We can all of us, I trust, consent j1
to give the territories an efficient government—ter- j
ntoria! in its character, short in its duration, and
efficient in its provisions. It meets the obligation ;
"^vhich we are under to give the government j,
places the power and the responsibility of that;;
government in the hands of the Executive, and r
avoids the exasperating difficulties 'which may
arise with either of the bills we have been consid- ;
•ering. It gives authority to protect persons and j1
property, and to repress and punish crime, and
placcs no restraint upon the inhabitants as to the j;
formation of their own institutions. On this we |j
can all unite, and the future developments may f.
tend to make our line of action clearer and mote J;
satisfactory. . . ■ ;
But, sir, there are some frther considerations ;
which I am disposed to bring before the commit- ^
tee. This whole subject has the gravest aspect, ><
and should be we'll considered by us all. I will
not, with the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Starkweather,] review the batile-field of the late
Presidential election, and among the dead and
wounded look for the causes of this great political
difficulty. He, with pious reverence, pronounced
the funeral oration of Martin Van Buren: it wasa
labor of love—the dead burying the dead, as i
learn that my friend fell in the same battle with his'
leader. But he greatly mistakes southern feeling
if he supposes that either an attachment for, or
a prejudice against, any individual, constitutes any
element in southern opinion. Mr. Van Buren de-
serted the principles which he had avowed and
proposed, and the southern Republicans adhered
to their principles and abandoned Mr. Van Buren.
Another gentleman from New York, [Mr. Mul-
lint,] a few moments since, leferred to the same
subject, and concluded by assuring us that all con-
cessions had been made by dough-faces, and that
the northern people now and forever adhered to
the principles of the proviso. I listened with at-
tention and respect, but can assure the gentleman
that such declarations may hurry the formation of
a geographical and sectional party, but can be pro-
ductive of no better result.
The people of the South are charged with a want
of reverence to theUnion—thegloriousllnion But
{ have never heard of a southern statesman whose
abhorrence of the Wilmot proviso, or even of abo-
lition, led him to such extravagant denunciations
as those which fell from the gentleman from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Wilson.] Driven by the cur-
rent of his eloquent thought heaverred that, before
he would consent to the extension of slavery, he
would not only see this Union dissolved, but the
whole universe in a state of collapse—not our solar
system alone, but*all the bright stars which shine
on the robe of night, together with this little world ;
—slaves and all—New Mexico and California, all j
blotted from existence. 1 cannot but admire the |
gentleman's desire to be a martyr, for in this uni- ;
versal crash he could not hope to escape armihila- !
tion. A well-known manifesto of twenty members j
of Congress, headed by Mr. Adams, so often apos- j
trophized by orators in this House as a patron of |
patriotism and the embodiment of statesmanshp,
also declared that the admission of Texas was a
virtual dissolution of the Union: and that it became
the States aggrieved to accomplish the separation,
peaceably if they could, forcibly if they must. The
leader of such a movement is canonized, whilst the
mere complaint of aggression by a southern states-
man is called disunion and treason.
Sir, I wish no better evidence of the progress of
debasementthan this crouching to the hand of pow-
er; that timidity which rebukes the wronged for i
remonstiance, and conciliates the wrong-doer with j
honeyed words, f say to gentlemen, that they are j
engaged in an adventure, the progress of which ,
should be gravely considered. v i
A gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ficklin] said a |
few days since that this slavery question and the |
proviso was a Ibcal and not a political question— j
that it was brought here by tricksters and knavish j
politicians for effect. How far this may be true, ,
it is for those who bring it hete to determine. The j
slaveholiiing States never brought it here. But, j
sir, he difters widely from Mr. Rufus King, the j
Free-soil Federal leader of the year 1819, of the j
Missouri compromise. He declared in the Senate |
that it was nof a question of humanity, but one of <
political power; and it has been so regarded ever J
since, and is so regarded now. The struggle is ,
for power in the Senate and power in r.ew States. ;
Gentlemen know that three-fourthsoftheStatescan j
amend the'Constitution, and that the voice of small i
States is as potential as the large ones. The slave- :
holding States are fully aware of the way in which !
they may be assailed, and do not mean to afford |
the opportunity.
It was well remarked by my friend who spoke
an hour ago, [Mr. Evan's, of Maryland,] that we
of the South were not weak enough to suppose
that the abolition of slavery in this District was all j
that was desired, and would give tranquillity and
repose. 1 am indebted to the gentleman for his
able speech, and for the sph Hed maimer in which
he exposed the fallacies which have been paraded
before this House so often and so gravely, JNo,
sir, that would not satisfy, although there are .
many gentlemen here who unhesitatingly demand
this abolition in the fags of the resolutions of Vir-
ginia and the other States, as if resolved to compel
submission or an inglorious retreat—who say, that
this will compose the difficulty and restore har-
niony—we desire not to assail your institution®
in your States. We know that it is but the song
of the syren; that it would create m this District aU
the elements of discord vand disturbance which
could be derived from the'impurity and the corrup-
tion of wicked men; that all those resources would
be made to subserve the agitation of this subject
in all the adjoining States, until they would, from
instincts of self-preservation, suppress and abate
the nuisance. I do not believe, sir, in the safety
of the experiment of placing power in the hands o£
reckless or of wicked, men. The prophet looked on
the face of Hazael, the minister of the King of As-
! syria, and wept. Hazael asked, with astonishment,
, " Wherefore doth my lord weep?" The prophet
j was overwhelmed with the terrific view of the
i cruelties which he would inflict upon the unhappy
! Jews, his brethren, and told him so. " Thou shaft
' be King of Assyria, and shalt afflict my people."
!-Hazael, astonished, exclaimed, "Is thy servant a
i dog that he should do such things." Before one
, short day had passed, Hazael had thrown a wet cloth
i , on the face of the dying Benhadad, who perished by
;j his hand—usurped his throne, and ground to dust
I the'persecuted and prostrated Israelites. There are
!> other Hazaels than that one of whom the prophet
'I speaks; and rivers of tears would flow frompatri-
!| otic eyes, if opened to perceive the wretchedness
j] which such a system of policy would secure. The
warnings of the prophet will have been in vain to
us if the result be not apprehended, and by timely
precautions prevented.
My colleague [Mr. Donnell] gave me the high-
est gratification by the first part, of a speech deliv-
ered here by him a few days since. With the feel-
ings and opinions of a southern man, he asserted
our rights, and recapitulated the story of our wrongs,
ft was with surprise, as well as with pain, that I
saw him place his southern friends in the wrong,
because of their impatience under a sense of injury.
A meeting of near eighty of the southern delegat-
ion was by him denominated a midnight caucus,
and placed in the same category with the Hartford
Convention. He did not, it is true, impugn the
motives of gentlemen directly, but left the inference
so clear that none could mistake the conclusions
of his mind as to the character of the meeting or
the purpose of those who composed it. I am
amazed to find southern gentlemen adopting such
a course at this time—that they should rebuke their
colleagues of the South for a manifestation of rest-
lessness under the pressure of aggression. Those
strictures would have been more properly addressed
to the wrong-doers. The value of the Union and
the blessings of our system of government are
most obviouslysubjects of calculation to those peo-
ple by whose lawless and faithless policy the South
is oppressed and plundered. It is most to be
deplored when those are to bo found amongst
ourselves who would break the force of every
effort to sccurc rediess; that those hearts which
throb only for the good of the people whom they
represent, and the minds whose entire energies are
devoted to the maintenance of their rights, should
he represented as being under the influence of mo-
tives which shunned the public eye, and associated
with traitors, and placed before the public as the
enemies of liberty.
But, sir, I am contented to be associated with
those gentlemen, even at the expense of my col-
league's disapprobation. If his superior prudence
has pieserved him from so contaminatinann asso-
ciation, to him let the benefit accrue, i feel no
concern for the result, cither to myself or my asso-
ciates, when I know, that in all the meeting, there
were but eighteen who*voted against any address
to go forth with thp authority ot that meeting.
A large portion of the northern press admits the
iustice of our complaints as imbodied in that ad-
dress- and the South, without distinction of party,
both approve and applaud us. My colleague inti-
mated that the whole arrangement was made, and
the movement consummated, by the distinguished
author of the Address; and that the concluding
advice to the South, to be united amongst tnem-
selves, meant nothing more nor less than to be
united upon him-Jomr C. Calhoun. Sir, that
this eminent individual approved of the meeting, i
