164
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 2fr,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Slavery in the Territories—Mr. Venable.
Ho. of Reps.
know; that he cooperated with alacrity, all must
know; but he was neither the suggester nor the
adviser. With a promptitude which always marks
his devotion to the interests of the South, he threw
himself in oar midst, to enlighten us by his coun-
sels and sustain us by his presence. He acted
with promptness and with energy—I may add,
success. Gentlemen cannot avoid the difficulties
of their position in assailing him or the measures
of so large a portion of southern representatives.
It is in vain to say that that movement is a
movement of persons disappointed by the election
of General Taylor. There were too many of the
prominent friends of that distinguished person in j
the meeting. There were some who, rising above ,
the restraints of party discipline, saw, in the men- ,
need rights and interests of the South, something j
that ought to merge all party considerations. And j
many who did not sign the Address adopted by the j"
meeting voted their approval of one which con- j
curred entirely in a detail of facts. j
With the distinguished statesman to whom my j
colleague has alluded, [Mr. Calhoun,] it has been j
my fortune to differ in some of the most important
political movements. I have differed with him,
however, without doing injustice to the purity of
his heart,the elevation of his motives, or the trans-
cendent powers of his mind. On one subject I have
always felt most deeply with him—his devotion
to the South and its institutions. All of us must
have admired his unwearied resistance" to aggres-
sion, nntf the prophetic skill with which he fore-
told the present unhappy state of affairs. Who
can forget his magnificent entree upon the political
arena, near forty years ago, when he won his
spurs in the lists of 1812. In the darkest hours of
that v/a*-, his firmness and his sagacity were the
admiration of all observers. Then, sir, a brilliant
constellation shone amidst the representatives of
the people, and he shone with the brightest in the
group. We see his venerable form sinking under
the weight of years and the accumulation of la-
bors—a specimen of the statesman who ruled in
• the better days of our Republic, and whose head
covered with the snows of age, reminds us that
■we may soon lose his inestimable services. He
is amongst us as the iast jewel which once shone
prominently amongst its companions in the crown
which encircled our country's brow. The rest
have fallen from the places in which they were set,
and the eye is refreshed by the radiance which
s'ifl beams from this diamond of the first water.
The friend of this Union, the champion of repub-
lican institutions, and the philosophic statesman,
he will live to adorn the history of our Republic,
when the most of those who either approve or con-
demn his political course will be lost in a common
oblivion. His reputation will suffer nothing by
the Address of which he is the author. Calm, dig-
nified, and truthful, the people will wonder why
any one could have been unwilling to trust them
with the facts, or reluctant to disclose the full
extent of their injuries.
Mr. Chairman, I am reminded of the state of
feeling which exists between the different portions
• of our Republic. No man who takes notice of pass-
ing events can fail to observe the progress of aliena-
tion between .the North and the South. Sir, aliena-
tion of feeling is but the beginning of hostility; hos-
tility produces enmity, with all its appalling conse-
quences. Of all feuds, the most irreconcilable are
those of kindred and of friends; of all rancorous
hostilities, the most unmitigated are those which
originate in natural ties severed and social charities
disregarded. The border war between England
and Scotland was never ended till both crowns
were worn by the same individual; and the union
of the two nations under one government brought
tranquillity and repose. I make these remarks,
sir, because of the exasperating difficulties which
continually arise on the borders of the free States
in relation to fugitive slaves. The Constitution re-
quires that fugitives shall be delivered up. The free
States deny the obligation to deliver, but content
themselves (some of them) with permitting the
master to arrest them. Other States obstruct the
recapture by statutory enactments. Sir, this is a
disgraceful subterfuge—an unprincipled attempt to
annul the Constitution. If I covenant to deliver
to you a horse, it is no fulfillment of my covenant
to say that I permit you to take a wild mustang m
% tho prairie with your own lasso. The obligation
to deliver requires positive action on the part of
the authorities of the free States. Sir, the ordi-
nance of 1787 could never have been passed with
the restrictive clause as to slavery, but for the con- ,
sideration of the delivery of fugitive slaves. A
continued effort was made to incorporate that clause ,
; excluding slavery, but was never successful until ^
' the consideration was acknowledged that fugitives ;
from labor should be delivered up to those entitled
to their services. The same provisions were in- ,
grafted in the Constitution of the United States at :
the same time, and doubtless for the same reasons. ;
Mr. Chairman, the conduct of many of the free
1 have a remark to make in relation to the action
of certain members of the southern delegation, who
signed and published an address to their constit-
uents. As an humble member of that meeting, I
may be permitted to speak of its objects and its
aims. We have been denounced as disuniomsts.
The denunciation is false. We are the friends of
the Union; but, sir, we prefer disunion to dis-
honor; and where is the craven southern heart that
does not? Resistance before degradation,and the
hazard of all consequences to fixed political ine-
| quality. And again, 1 ask, who that lives in a
southern State would gainsay these conclusions?
States is an outrage. A report from the Legisla- '[ I rejoice that southern States have spoken through
ture of Virginia declares, that $96,000 worth of i their Legislatures; that a southern constituency
slaves havered successfully toRennsylvania from : are alive to the responsibilities of their position,
Virginia in the current year. New York protects ■, and that southern hearts beat high for the preserv-
the fugitive and obstructs the recapture, as do 1 ation of State rights and State sovereignty. The
many of those States who seem to call themselves- ., gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Root] said that we were
free, from their peculiar freedom from constitu- | said to bea proud people, and that vvecould not help
tional obligation. Such an outrage on any other / it. I responded with my whole heart to the dec-
species of property would have long since brought laration, however he may have regarded us when
matters to extremities. If the most obscure fish- , he made it. We are proud of our determination
ins; smack from New England, returning from the jl to maintain the guarantees of the Constitution,
capture of codfish, was taken either by a foreign ! We are proud of our history—proud that it was not
nation or one of the confederated States, and the |i the wrongs of southern colonies, the favorites of
capture either justified or compensation refused, it !j the British Government, which hurried on the
would call forth murmurs and remonstrances,which It Revolution; but that it was the blood of Massa-
would ripen'into resistance and war if unheeded. ;j chusetts, shed on the plains of Lexington, wnich
Upon the course of the State of New York I look summoned southern*patriots to the dark struggle,
with the deepest concern. The recent election of I and opened the tides of blood which mingled with
William H. Seward to the United States Senate, theirs in the conflicts of the Revolution. How*
from that State, is calculated to excite the gravest j| we have been compensated for this fraternal
apprehensions in the minds of southern statesmen. ' feeling let history determine. I, in common with
The selection of a man, who, in October last, ad- . this whole House, listened with delight to the en-
dressing a meeting at Cleveland, Ohio, urged upon rapturing eloquence of my friend from Virginia [Mr,
them to "extend a cordial welcome to the fugitive |j McDowell] a few days since. His patriotism
( who lays'his weary limbs at y*our door, and de- j and high moral elevation must ever place him in
* fend him as you would your paternal gods; cor- j! a high position. I trust that his appeals may be
s rect your own error, that slavery has any consti- ;! useful in the adjustment of this harassing question.
' tutional guarantee which may not be released and j; But I do not agree with him or others who have
' ought not to be relinquished,"—cannot be re- |l spoken of the danger to southern slave-owners
garded but as the exposure of a decided purpose from the vengeance of their slaves. No, sir; I
to destroy our institutions, and render our prop- \ \ fear them not. We ask no aid to protect our-
erty in slaves valueless. The facilities of trans- j: selves. They have neither the cause nor the dispo-
portation render an escape to those States of easy j; sition to do their masters injury. We are in no
accomplishment; and when Senators and high
public functionaries urge their protection by all
the holy rights of hospitality, we may expect the
worst results. Sir, to be plundered by an enemy
is not easily endured; but to be swindled by a con-
federate, robbed by a partner, is insufferable. 4
have before me an advertisement of meetings which
are now being held in Michigan, by an agent and
a lecturer, for the purpose of collecting funds for
the relief of suffering fugitive slaves who are on
the opposite Canadian shore. !■
I have no hesitation in declaring, sir, that every |;
southern State ought to deny the citizens of all !|
States who do not comply with the requisitions of i|
theConstitution as to thedelivery offugitive slaves, jj
the use of their courts for the collection of debts, *!
the use of their harbors for the ingress and egress ]!
of vessels; and a total confiscation"of all claims by 'j
the citizens of the former upon those of the latter;
all trade with their cities or their citizens ought to |i
be abandoned; and those sensibilities, which have 'j
been banished from their mind and conscience, may :j
perhaps be found to have taken refuge in the purse. ||
1 do not speak in the language of menace. No, sir; |
I do not speak here as I expect to ppeak to a portion
more danger from our own or our neighbors' ser-
vants than from the stock which graze upon our
farms. They are our friends, and their domestic
relations are kind and conservative. Nowhere
has that race been so elevated in morals, religion,
and civilization as in the state in which they have
been amongst us. I challenge the history of the
world to contradict the statement. 1 trust shortly
to be amongst the domestics of my own family,
and shall meet with more greetings of heartfelt
kindness, which have ever compensated for the
pain of separation from those whose affectionate
regard and unwavering confidence causes every
southern master to look upon his servants as his
most abiding friends.
Sir, 1 shall vote for any amendment to the sub-
stitute which embodies the principles of the act of
1803, relative to Louisiana. The substitute of the
gentleman from Virginia is impracticable, and does
not settle the question Who would vote for the
formation of a State composed of Florida and
Maine, leaving all the intervening territory an
uninhabited reserve? Who is willing to give a
handful of foreigners and emigrants an equal vote
in the Senate, and two Representatives in this
of my constituents next week. Such plainness of :| House, to add to the growing numbers of those
speech would be unbecoming here. But, sir, I say
to gentlemen here, that we are not ignorant of our j
rights, or of the means of securing them. We love j
the union which has for its object tranquillity, equal |
justice, and security; but, sir, no other. None of j
us will worship a devil because he is arrayed in i
an angel's robes. The blame shall never be on |
us if the tie is dissolved. The Union, which now
reflects the glorious image of empires within an
i empire—a circle of States, each giving light to a
who are already opposed to our institutions ? Who
can consent to yield to the principle, whilst he
only regrets the name of the Wilmot proviso?
No, sir; I say to the North, refrain from your un-
reasonable claims; repeal your offensive laws con-
cerning fugitive slaves; come back to the guaran-
j tees of the Constitution; avoid sectional jealousies;
] leave the agitation of abolitionism in this District;
j and restore the kind feelings so nearly destroyed.
With my friend from Maryland, [Mr. Eiaxs,]
central Government, which derives its consequence j. I say, if nothing can satisfy the people of the North,
and its power from them, and them alone—if bro- i| as to the District, remove the capital, take it to
ken, shall not receive the blow from us. It must j; theFarWest, plant it in a free State, and saveyour-
be shivered by those who wantonly and wickedly jj selves from the associations which so much annoy
make experiments upon its power of resisting \\ you; but as you value the Union, our interest, our
force. And when its shattered fragments shall
only multiply images of sorrow and ruin, we will
be comforted by the assurance that we made every
attempt to avert the wicked blow which brought
about the dissolution.
prosperity as one people, assail no further the
guarantees of the Constitution. Gentlemen dis-
close the weakness of their position by the argu-
ments to which they resort. They tell us that the
Constitution contemplated no further acquisition
