1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
165
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Civil and Diplomatic Appropriations—Mr. Sawyer.
Ho. of Reps,
of territory. It is amusing to mark the acuteness
with which constructions of the Constitution are
assumed, when no such provision exists, and the
palpable disregard of clcar requirements. Dogen-
tlemen forget that the acquisition of territory by
treaty and by conquest results from the nature of
government itself? Did our ancestors, form the
feeblest and most inefficient of all governments, by
denying the right or the power of invading an ene-
my who has rendered it even necessary and una-
voidable—did they place this great Republic in
the impotent position, that whilst it might be in-
vaded, the territory of the invader should be inviola-
ble? No, sir, the conclusion is absurd. And
whilst I would deplere a spirit of conquest from
other nations, [ would equally reprobate a spirit
of injustice amongst ourselves.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Root] would
repress the spirit of war and conquest which he
seems to think peculiar to the South; he would
make the rebuke effective, by appropriating to his
own portion of the Confederacy all the unholy con-
quests which are made. He would take to him-
salfthe spoils by way of reproof to the South.
Sir, did toe Soutli alone declare war against Mex-
ico, or annex Texas? No, sir; the North and the
South acted together. There was as great oppo-
sition in the South as in the North. And whilst
I approve of both measures, it is unfair for gentle- ;
men to inflict an injury on. the South, in order |
that the North may appropriate the spoils to
themselves—and thus to rebuke the plunderers.
This device is too shallow—all must see that lust
of power is the excuse—--and all must question the
sincerity of a policy which is sustained by such
devices. Sir, I invoke the patriotism of all parties
to the adjustment of the causes of alienation. I
invoke the memory of our ancestors—our regard
for our present and our future prosperity—above
all, a sense of equal justice—for the final arrange-
ment of ail causes of complaint, and the restora-
tion of peaceful relations in this broad Republic.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
SPEECH OF MR. WM. SAWYER,
OF OHIO,
^ In the House of Representatives,
January 16, 1849,
On the bill making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
fiscal year ending the 30th day of June, 1850.
Mr. SAWYER rose and said:
Mr. Speaker; I propose to occupy some of the
remaining time allotted to debate in calling the atten-
tion of the House to some features of the bill under
consideration, to which I have objections,and upon
which I may not have an opportunity to give my
views under the five minutes rule.
With reference to this matter of mileage, I have
nothing further to say; I have had full, ample sa-
tisfaction on that subject. The gentleman who
attempted to bring me up, togetherwithothermem-
bers of Congress, before our constituents, I think
has received a just rebuke for the course he took.
His falsehoods or mistakes, or both, have^ been ex-
posed, and can do no harm, except to their author.
" Truth is mighty, and will prevail." Had the gen-
tleman thought of this proverb, and given it uue
consideration, before he made those charges against
members of this House, he would probably have
saved himself the mortification which this exposure
ought to occasion him. I say ought, because I am
not sure but he is pleased with the notoriety it has
given him, and is insensible to the contempt which
his conduct has incurred. But, as I have said, I
am content with the result of this matter. I have
had full, ample satisfaction.
But I rose to point out certain items to this bill
to which I am opposed. I stated some of these
objections at the last session, and I will now re-
peat them; First, there is the "Auxiliary Guard ot
Washington. What this guard is for, I am not
satisfactorily informed. I am informed there is
a law in existence allowing the captain or the
guard a salary of one thousand dollars a year, to
five others of the guard thirty-five dollars a month
each, and to ten others of this guard thirty dollars
a month each; making in all a yearly expenditure,
in the item of salaries for this object, amounting to
the sum of six thousand two hundred dollars. But
here is an appropriation for six thousand seven
hundred and seventy-five dollars, while the law
only provides for salaries to the amount of six
thousand two hundred dollars. Here is an excess
of five hundred and seventy-five dollars on the
amount required by law. To what purpose it is
to be applied, I am unable to say. I now give
notice of my intention at the proper time to make
a motion to strike out the whole of this item. I
have other reasons to support the objections I have
already urged against this item; there is a law
authorizing the employment of guards for every
public building; and notwithstanding this precau-
tion for the security of the public property, it has
not been long since the National Institute has suf-
fered the loss of some of the most valuable articled
in the collection. These articles were lost while
the guards of the Patent Office building were on
their watch, or ought to have been there; they
were at any rate getting pay for being there; but
they were probably sleeping in their rooms, and
by sheer neglect, suffered these things to be taken
away. They were stolen at all events, in spite of
the vigilance of both principal and auxiliary guards.
I am utterly opposed to that state of things which
permits of the employment of such guards who are
paid out of the people's money, and allowed to
walk about at leisure, or sleep or pursue their own
private inclinations, while the public property which
they are paid for protecting is plundered and carried
away. It is tlie reflection that my constituents are
required to contribute their proportion of money
to the payment of these officers that excites my
disapprobation of this whole matter. 1 am not
willing to see them imposed upon in this way. !
The money they pay for the suppoit of this Gov-
ernment they do not expect to be thrown away
upon faithless nflbn, and upon useless objects. I
will make no remarks as to the just grounds which,
to my mind, exist of suspicion of dishonest con-
nivance by which this lost has been sustained, but
merely say that there has been a most manifest
i | abuse of their trust and dereliction of duty on the
!i part of these guards.' The guard is therefore in-
jj efficient; it is useless, and if it cannot protect the
public property from robbers, let us keep our six
thousand seven hundred and seventy-five dollars.
I don't like being robbed both ways, or rather, I
don't like to pay for being robbed. Just such
worthless watchmen are described most faithfully
in the Good Book by Isaiah the Prophet, m chap-
ter 56, ar.d verses 10, 11, and 12.
I find another strong objection to this bill in the
omission of any provision in that portion which
relates to the Navy Department, for the abolish-
ment of that most infamous and degrading practice
of whipping the common sailors. J utterly abhor
this most abominable and contemptible practice of
whipping the sailors in the naval service; and I
intend, at the proper time, to offer an amendment
to this portion of the bill, making it the duty of
the Secretary of the Navy forthwith to publish an
order to abolish this pruptice. I shall ofi'er this
amendment, if not anticipated by the motion of
some other gentleman, and demand the yeas and
nays upon the subject. This practice is one of
those relics of barbarism and despotism which that
other ism, commonly known by the name of Fed-
eralism, has pieserved to us; for I know that the
just, ennobling, and humane principles of Democ-
racy would never have countenanced so disgrace-
ful a custom. Its only effect is to brutalize the
sailor and gratify the spleen of the petty tyrant of
the quarter deck. It completely destroys all that
pride and self-respect which make a man, and sub-
stitutes the abject spirit of the slave. If our naval
officers possessed the souls which distinguish the
brave and generous-hearted, they would themselves
abolish a privilege the exercise of which degrades
the common sailor to a level with slaves; they
s would feel too proud of commanding men, to wish
to convert them into brutes by the exercise of such
a power. If our officers possessed the right kind
of souls, they would feel a pride in having their
crews composed of the best materials, and would
endeavor to improve, them rather than to destroy
every spark of manly spirit in them. You need
not tell" me they cannot preserve subordination
without the "cat." I don't believe it. I know
something about human nature too; and I know
that good treatment will sooner make good men
than bad treatment. Destroy a man's self-respect,
which a single whipping is sufficient to do; and
he will care but little about his conduct afterwards.
Cruelty and tyranny never secured fidelity, nor
ever will. Destroy a man in his own estimation,
and if there is a particle of evil in his nature it will
thenceforward grow and strengthen, until it forms
his whole character. I am in favor of discipline
strict as you will; but I know it can be enforced
without this brutalizing infliction. It is a safe rule-
to "do unto others as you would have others do
unto you." In other words, the kind of treatment
that would secure your obedience to superiors will
also secure the obedience of your inferiors to you.
If officers were to act upon this principle, there
would be but little necessity for the cruelty with
which they treat those under their command.
- I object, also, to the item for allowing compensa-
tion for "four assistant draw-keepers at the Poto-
mac bridge, including oil for lamps and machinery,
firewood and repairs, four thousand two hundred
and ninety dollars." Some gentlemen may sup-
pose this a small business to be talking about, but
1 do not so consider it; for, in the first place, this
bridge was built at the expense of the General
Government; and I particularly call your attention
to a reeent appropriation of thirty thousand dollars
for similar objects in this city. This bridge was
built at the expense of the nation, for private and
local use. And now I would consider that the
least that could be done by the people interested
in the work, would be to keep it in repair. I shall
deem it my duty, therefore, at the proper time, to
move to strike out this item.
I have, loo, another objection to this bill. I
find, at line 501, the following item: "For com-
pleting the centre strip of Pennsylvania avenue to
fifteenth street west, one thousand two hundred
dollars." At the last session of Congress, there
was appropriated to this object the sum of four
thousand dollars; making in all, for this little
"centre strip,'" the sum of Jive thousand two hundred
dollars 111 the year 1847, there was appropriated
to the improvement of this same street, the sum of
sixteen thousand dollars. But this was not enough;
these people increase their demands as fast as
Congress can grant them. They go on the prin-
ciple. that " one good turn deserves another;" but
manage to have all the " good turns" in their own
favor. As soon as Congress makes one apffropri-
ation for their benefit, they immediately go to
| work to have it followed up by another, and an-
! other, until there would seem to be no limit to
i these demands. Far from being content with the
j munificence of the General Government, by which
| this street has been built as a gratuity, and on
which has been expended, within less than two
years, ticenty thousand dollars—and how much more
previous to that time, I have not had leisure to
ascertain—but last year, by the shameless impor-
tunities of the people of this city, and a corre-
sponding weakness on the part of members of
Congress, there was another appropriation for
lighting this street with gas, by the election of lamps
on both sides of it, of ten thousand dollars—making
the whole outlay upon -one street, within two
years, thirty-one thousand two hundred dollars. And
all this out of the national treasury, and without
any constitutional or equitable right to one dollar
of this amount. As for my constituents, they
make their own roads arid streets, build their own
bridges, light their own cities, pay their own
guards and auxiliary guards, and do everything
else pertaining to their own interests and security,
at their own expense. The people of the State of
Ohio arid other States provide and pay for these
things out of their own pockets. And in view of
the injustice done to other parts of the country
having equal claims with this city, by such_ an
appropriation as this of which I am now speaking,
were I a citizen of the city of Washington, I would
spurn such a boon at the hands of Congress. I
would stand up like a man, and say to the National
Legislature, on the part of my fellow-citizens, We
are able to do these things for ourselves, and we
prefer not to be dependent on the General Govern-
ment. But I am reminded that the people of
Washington are making other improvements, for
the purpose of drawing trade to their city. How-
stand the facts? The people of Washington did,
once upon a time, go into a work of internal im-
provement, of which I have a pretty distinct recol-
