m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan, 16,
30th Cong 2d Sess. Civil and Diplomatic Appropriations—Mr. Sawyer.
Ho. of Reps.
has increased to one hundred thousand dollars; in the
proposed to dig at their own expense, and after- ij year 1846, it was one hundred and eleven thousand
r K ,,_.i  t^e Government to pay the debt j dollars; in the year 1847, it was one hundred and
~ ~ * Government h forty thousand dollars; and in 1848, it was one
lection: I refer to the wet-ioeather canal which they
.t their own ex
wards called upon
which they incurred by it^ Jlnd the
paid it. This canal, which'was never of any use,
and which has been broken and filled up in many
places, and has long lain in this ruinous condition,
js now, I understand, to be reopened; and if so, it
„wili belike the cannon of Corporal Trim, which
was made out of the leg of an old boot—-it will
be a sorry and silent burlesque on the genuine
article, which, however, I would not object to, if
it was as harmless as the Corporal's folly, or if,
like him, the projectors were to be the only losers
by it. But I venture the prediction, that a single
year will not elapse before there will be another
call upon the Government fora reimbursement for
thi&expenditure. Indeed, I understand that_efforts
to that effect are already being made. This canal
never was, nor ever will be, of any benefit; and
the only object in its resuscitation seems to be, to
get engineerships and superintendencies for idle
loafers who have the good fortune to belong to
"first families." ,
Against all such outrageous impositions, I enter
my solemn protest in the name of my constituents.
I know not, and i regard not, what gentlemen may
think of my course in relation to these matters. I
am determined to persist in calling attention to
these abuses, and I will not be diverted from my
purpose by frowns and sneers. What i believe to
hundred and sixty-five thousand dollars. These
i were direct appropriations; but by an usurpation
| of poster totally inexcusable and dangerous in
I tendency, large amounts that were appropriated
! for the naval and revenue service have been divert-
I ed from those objects and applied to this coast
! survey, until the whole amount of the yearly ex-
! pense is now nearly three hundred thousand dollars.
| And 1 predict that it will be but a short time he-
i fore Congress will be called upon for not only
i three or four hundred thousand dollars, but a mil-
lion of dollars for the annual support of this ser-
vice. The child is not yet born who will see the
end of this most ruinous system of public expend-
iture for these useless surveying and exploring ex-
peditions.
What are they now doing in this service ? Why,
they are surveying mere brooks which would not
float a canoe, and which a respectable western
minnow would consider too shallow for its con-
venience. One of these brooks is within sight of
this Capitol and runs under the principal street of
this city; a grasshopper could jump across it with-
out greasing his joints; and yet we have it paraded
as large as life, yes, almost as large as life, on these
fine maps of the coast survey, clear up the country
to its very source. This mighty stream and all its
te my duty,'I will fearlessly perform; and here ij tributaries (any of which a boy of ten years old
upon this floor I now declare my uncompromising H could step across without wetting a foot) are here
opposition to all such plans for robbing the treas- i' laid down with such minuteness that future navi-
ury of the nation to gratify the vanity or the av-
arice of a few at the expense of the whole people.
The people of Washington have no more right to
these appropriations than thoseof any otherportion
of the Union. Tm-y are not contcnt with the pos-
session of nearly all the best offices in the country,
but are eternally pressing Congress for donations
of money besides. I despise this poor, beggarly
spirit that would turn the, national capital into one
vast alms-house, swarming with lazzaroni. It is
disgraceful, contemptible.
The next item to which I would call the attention
of the committee, is the compensation " for the
' warden,clerk, physician,chaplain, three assistant
' keepers,five guards, and messengers, of the Peni-
tentiary of the District'of Columbia, eight thou-
4 sand Jive hundred and fifty dollars.3' This is an
increase over the same item for last year of up-
wards of two thousand dollars. I have taken some
pains to inquire into the condition of this prison,
and find that this appropriation is equal to four
dollars and twenty cents per week for every convict
in it, without counting one cent fur their labor.
They ought to have good living at this price, for
there is no house rent to pay. What their labor
is worth, I don't know; but as everything here-
abouts lives off the Government without making
any adequate return, I presume they do very little
—area sort of aristocracy, with privileges some-
what abridged, it is true, but enjoying handsome
allowances and exemptions above their compeers
in the States. I can think of no other cause for
gators will find no difficulties in following the
' deepest channels, provided they go a-foot and keep
I a sharp look-out. But this is not all; very far from
I it. By the important labors of these scientific gen-
i tlemen, we are enabled to point out the exact loca-
! tion of Soaper's hill; here it is on the map as plain
! as day. It ought to be called so/£-Soaper's hill, as
J there'is a great deal of soft-soaping about all this
| business. [Laughter.] This Soaper's hill is about
\ fifteen miles from any stream big enough to float
| an old shoe, and has about as much to do with
I navigation as it has with phrenology. There is
j no connection between them whatever. But such
j is not the opinion of our energetic surveyor, who
| tells us, in his voluminous report, page 34, " Our
i * occupation of the station on the Magothy was
I * prolonged by bad weather to six weeks, during
j ' which time the signal at Soaper's was seen but
I 'three times." Yes, here were six weeks spent
| at Magothy in looking out for signals from Soap-
; er's, and this, too, in "the most favorable season of
\ the year; for these coast surveyors tell us theie
I are but a few weeks in the year that they can woik
; at this business. This Soaper's hill must then be
- in a very foggy region, and I would advise navi-
, gators (for whose benefit these surveys are made)
i not to go within fifteen miles of this dangerous spot;
; and I doubt not they will take my advice, for there
is no w.ater of sufficient depth for even the smallest
craft within that distanc#. But we may account for
this " bad weather," without throwing all the blame
orvthe atmosphere. It is stated in an able article in
this entire dependence on the treasury. The Ohio t| Hunt's Merchants' Magazine—a work of great
penitentiary not only pays all its expenses by the I1 merit and truthfulness—that<s where the summers
products of con\ict labor, but is a source of con- |: are most bracing and the winters most Active,"
siderable revenue to the State, and I can'tsee why i' these coast surveyors are longest delayed by this
this one should not at least pay its own expenses. ' " bad weuther.1' Yes, it seems where the living is
I particularly object to the appropriation for a good, the weather is bad. Tins is doubtless the
chaplain, for I believe there is no warrant for it in 1 secret of the (ihad weather" that obstructed the
the Constitution, and for this reason I have always , view between Magothy and Soaper's. This long
voted against the appointment of such an officer continuance of " reminds me ofa gen-
for this House. I don't think we can constitu-'j tieman whose face was horribly battered, and upon
tionally apply money to this purpose. l! being asked what had befallen him, said, with a
I desire also to call the attention of the committee |! very grave look: " It is very remarkable, but it is
to my objections to the appropriation for the coast i
survey. With reference to this item, I would ob- '
serve, that I consider it one of the most outrageous
propositions in the whole hill; and if gentlemen
would look at the report of the* Secretary of the
Treasury, exhibiting the annual amounts appro-
priated for the support of this branch of the service,
recently laid on their tables, they would find a most I; report, I find—*'
alarming increase in the expenses of this coast sur- j j „ The hm, in Tnlro win average fl0m ,c010 J40 feet high,
• u would perceive that the table commences J, and m Wellfleet and Eastham from 120 to £0 and 60. These
with appropriations of fifty thousand dollars, forty- are ail of the most abrupt and irregular character, with alter-
nine thousand dollars, twenty thousand dollars nate hollows and peaks. In six consecutive square miles
, thirty thousand dollars, and so on: but when I look |! SS1? fe nn\ le,f than 'f° seParat* P"*8 of hills, and some
t i , . . Ii olO holes or hollows, all requiring and having separate and
own the column to the year 1845, I find this item <i distinct curves of contour and elevation."
1 a fact, that as I was walking along, the pavement
* flew up and struck me in the face, which produced
1 these painful bruises." The gentleman had no
doubt been detained somewhere by ubad weather."
But this Soaper's hill is a small affair when
compared with some other discoveries of these
scientific surveyors. On page 24 of this precious
And a little further down, on the same page, we
are told,
"Up to the 25th September, an area of 26 square.miles,
36£ miles of shore line, and 67£ miles of roads had been sur-
veyed. The part completed includes no less than seven
villages.1'
And among these villages we find there was a
month (August) of bad weather again. And here
I am again puzzled to know in what manner this
survey of roads and villages is to benefit naviga-
i tion. I can hardly believe it is expected our sea-
! captains will undertake to run their vessels along
; these^roads and through these villages; and this
; grand"report does not throw any light on the sub-
| ject. In the first of these paragraphs we have the
! number of hills in " six consecutive miles," and
j also the number of hollows. In this wonderful ex-
j ploration there is one thing that is new to me, and
■ I presume will be to many others, and that is, that
! there are so many more hollows than hills—nearly
J two to one. This I think would be a very trouble-
I some country to navigators, for there is an impres-
sion very general among western people that ships
can only sail in water, but we have no account of
any of this element in these " hollows^" and I im-
agine there is very little on these "300 peaks of
hillsIf, therefore, our impressions are correct,
the ship that gets into these hollows will have
some trouble to get out again.
But do these coast surveyors never go on the
water and discover dangerous shoals and rocks?
Oh, yes; on almost every page we are told of some
" gratifying- result** of this character about Nan-
tucket and Cape Cod, and Cape Cod and Nantucket*
Look at page 26, and you wiil read:
<*11 will be highly gratifying to you, however, to know that
our labors in this held have already proved useful to the
coasting tiade, m pointing out the safe and expeditious- route
clear of the shoals to the southward of xNFantueket; this has
been made known chiefly through the pilots and others em-
ployed in this branch of the coast survey."
Yes, this highly "gratifying" information was
obtained from pilots, hired no doubt to tell what
their experience had found out;and the Coast Sur-
vey, with characteristic meanness and falsehood,
places it to its own credit, in order to swell its im-
portance, and the more effectually to blind the
public and to screen the impositions those engaged
in it are guilty of. But this shoal work was too
small a business for the coast surveyors, which was
probably the reason of their applying to pilots for
information; and they go to work on the Gulf
stream, not to hunt up shoals and reefs and rocks;
oh! no, such things are beneath their notice. And
what are they to do with the Gulf stream? Why,
to find out how cold the water is. Yes, this is the
mighty enterprise our Government is now spend-
ing a few hundred thousand dollars in.
On page 38 of this Coast Survey report, we
read:.
"Observations upon the section southeast from Cape
Henry have been made for three consccutive years, to indi-
cate the changes in the distribution of the temper.nure of ilie
ocean. In consequence of the loss ot the most trustworthy
instruments, the parting ofthe line in drawing it up, alter a
cast of 3,300 fathoms in depth off Ilatieras, the further pros-
ecution of the soundings lor temperature duimgth'j
were postponed, and the Legare was used tor important
service in another part of the survey."
Here we have three years thrown away, at an
immense expense to the Government, in vain at-
tempts to fikid out how cold the water is twenty
thousand feet below the suiface. But this 1 sup-
pose was merely for amusement, merely for the
sake of vanity, in this grave farce for which the
public have to pay so high a price. In the able
magazine, to which I have already alluded, it is
stated, on page 1411 that—
"The superintendent, (of the Coast Survey,) in the four
years of ins personal field-work, has* scarce j et pa>sed the
Jirmt m which Mr. Borden had" preceded l ni; and if it he
ever judicious in such matter to raise questions of economy,
it might be well worth asking whether the work done in the
field by the present superintendent, at immense expense,
has been necessary at ail."
It appears, then, that the immense sum of one
million one hundred and twelve thousand dollars has
been expended by the superintendent within the
short period of four years, on work that was long
ago completed and paid for, and now, for the sake
of getting hold of this money for nothing, is gone
over again, so that, for all this money, we get not
one benefit in return. Was there ever a more
glaring and base imposition practised on any peo-
ple? On page 19 of this superintendent's report,
we are informed of a man who is kept at Nantucket
