168
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 24,
 30th Cong 2d Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Murphy.
Ho. of Reps.
one (Jay; nor were they even educated at the pub-
lic expense, as those are"who have done them this
infamous wrong. They had the energy, the abil-
ity, and the independence to support themselves
in times of peace; and when their country's inter-
ests required, they went to fight her battles and
gather honors for themselves, never suspecting
that that country which they loved so devotedly
nourished within its bosom, at their expense, an
aristocracy that was to wear the laurels they should
win. They even entered the lists with great dis-
advantages in comparison with the students of
"West Point, for these monopolized most of the
best offices, and stood in the way and effectually
prevented the advancement of many a meritorious
young man, who had quit his workshop or "his
farm to seek distinction in his country's quarrel.
To all those who rise by dint of their own exer-
tions, the avenues to promotion are effectually
closed hy the spawn of this accursed institution.
There are no commissions for them in the army
nor in the navy; there are no exploring expedi-
tions fitted out for their benefit, and least of tfil are
they permitted to share in this darling pet hum-
bug, the coast survey. This is the sweetest nut
ever cracked by this Government, and many a
lazy, worthless rascal fattens on the kernel. All
he has to do istolie about Washington during the
sittings of Congress, and watch the appropriation
bills—a good business; and I must do those en-
gaged m it the justice to say it is well followed.
Last year the appropriation for this West Point
Academy was somewhere about one hundred and
twenty thousand dollars; this year it is one hun-
dred and forty-three thousand dollars—an increase
of over twenty thousand dollars a year. Are the
people willing to pay this enormous amount to
have their sons excluded from all the honors of
the Government? When they understand the sub-
ject properly, I am sure they will not. The greater
portion of the most desirable places in the Govern-
ment are now filled by the graduates of this insti-
tution, and presently the only claim to Govern-
ment favor will be an education at West Point;
and the aspiring youth who struggles up through
*• the discouragements of poverty and obscurity will
find the doors of competition closed against him
to all governmental honors.
I will not proceed any further. I have sought
the floor merely for the purpose of declaring that
I will not countenance such a system of extrava-
gance and injustice. If these things are to be
supported at the expense of my constituents, they
shall not have the sanction of my vote. 1 have
given my views to the committee, as it is my priv-
ilege and duty to do. As an honest man, and the
representative of an honest constituency, I have
offered my objections to the bill; and having done
so I will now resign the floor.
SLAVERY QUESTION.
SPEECH OF MR. H. C. MURPHY,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Repuesextatives,
February 24, 1849.
The House being in Committee of the Whoie on
the state of the Union—
Mr. MURPHY said, that in the remarks which ,
he was about to submit, he should speak to the |
question of our duties as a nation towards our j
territories as colonies, in regard to the subject of j
slavery; and in doing so, should speak freely and j
with frankness, and he trusted without offence. 1
He should, moreover, address himself on some
points particularly to his Democratic friends. j
While listening to the gentleman from Virginia
[Govprnor McDowell] yesterday, and admiring j
the high moral a-id patriotic tone of his speech, he :
could not help reflecting how much of the import- !
ance attached to this question was merely factitious, i
and how little foundation there was for the appre- <
hensions in which honorable gentlemen indulged, :
of a dissolution of this Confederacy by reason of I
any action of Congress on this subject. He felt :
that this question, when settled, would be disposed 1
of without reference to the disunionists north or i
south, and s?o determined as not to affect the per- f
manency or the peace of the Republic. The Ameri-1!
can people, sincerely attached to the Union, and
habituated to acquiescence in the decision of ma-
jorities, will submit, without violence, to any con-
stitutional disposition of it by Congress; and for
any unconstitutional action by this body, relief
will be sought for and obtained from the Federal
Judiciary.
There was nothing in it to alarm for a moment.
It was a ball which politicians were tossing about
for their own personal purposes.' The gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Wilmot] may hereafter
be considered the greatest political agitator of his
day, but perhaps he was (he said it with respect)
only an instrument in the hands of others, when
he brought forward his famous proviso. The gen-
tleman from New Hampshire [Mr. Wilson] may
congratulate himself, as he did in his eloquent
speech on this floor, that this was a great popular
movement in which the people were marching up
in solid phalanx driving the politicians forward;
but he too may be, after all, a mere instrument of ,
politicians.
How does this question obtain its importance?
Why is it here? There are some reminiscences
which should not be forgotten. Its history is brief,
and may be recounted in a few words. When Con-
gress assembled at the session of 1843-4, the de-
monstration of democratic sentiment was in favor
of the nomination of Mr. Van Buren as the candi-
date of the Democratic party in the Presidential
canvass of 1844. The great body of Democratic
members were in his favor, and in this merely in-
dicated the feelings of their constituents. Measures
were immediately put on foot to defeat his nomi-
nation at the Baltimore Convention. There have,
of late years, been in this country two third parties,
so to speak, by which I mean a third party for the
South who wished to build itself up on the institution
of slavery, and a third party for the North, taking
opposite ground and seeking power by opposition
to it, known as Abolitionists. It was this third
southern party which sought to set aside the voice
of the Democracy in favor of Mr. Van Buien; who
sprung upon him the Texas question for that pur-
pose. His opposition to that measure was declared
to be fatal to his success, because the people of the
South would not vote for a man who would notfavor
what was calculated to strengthen the slave interest.
He could not, it was said, be elected for that reason;
Virginia and Tennessee,by whoseside New York
had stood in many a conflict in defence of the
rights of the South, had deserted him, and he was
defeated. Here was the great error of the Demo-
cratic party. Here was not only a foul wrong,
but the first introduction of this sectional question
into the councils of the Democratic party. The
indomitable Democracy of NewYork—indomitable
till then—who had stood by the South in exclud-
ing the question of slavery from the conventions
of the party and the councils of the nation, breast-
ing the billows of Abolitionism and Federalism,
were rewarded by a rejection of their own candidate
on this sectional ground. The consequence has
been ruin to that great party in New York, and
defc-at in the Union. Mr. Van Buren and his per- j
sonal friends did what was natural. They deter-
mined upon retaliation. They resolved to put the i
poisoned chalice to the lips of thos? who had ad- :
ministered it to them. The great body of the Demo- j
crats of New York could notgo with him. Though !
they felt the wrong to him was a wrong to them,
they could not desert the principles in which they ;
had been nurtured and to which they were devoted; ■
which had been taught them by the sages of the •
party, religiously to eschew and avoid geographi- j
cal questions; but they were divided. For one, I ]
regret the course Mr. Van Buren thought proper j
to pursue, .because it has cast a cloud upon his !
bright and untarnished fame; because ithas thrown !
a suspicion upon the sincerity of his past life; be- J
cause it has scandalized the motives of the party j
of which he had been the acknowledged leader; 1
and especially because it has left that party, once ||
so proud and unconquerable, and so potent for
good, a miserable wreck. I cannot dwell upon this J:
topic, nor will I indulge in complaint of my friends, i:
But this I say, the present aspect of the slavery
question has been brought about by this struggle i!
of parties—that southern politicians first employed !
it for their purposes; and northern politicians are j
now using it in a retaliatory spirit. This is under- j'
stood by the people, and I therefore repeat, that I ii
j have no fears that the principles of our institutions
i will not be strong enough to give it a peaceable
j adjustment.
i There is another view of this subject which leads
! me to the same conclusion. It is this: the applica-
tion of the provision excluding slavery in the new
territories is of no practical effect. Adopt it, and
you only reaffirm what already exists; reject it,
and these territories are still free. In some re-
marks I submitted at the last session of Congress,
I held that the law of conquest was, that the local
laws of conquered territory remain in force until
other laws are imposed by the conqueror. The
position then taken has been since sustained by
the most eminent jurists no[th and south in its
application to New Mexico and California. How,
then, is slavery to go there, unless the soveieign
power here, or the people authorized by us there,
enact it? The very language with-which the Wil-
mot proviso isjustified,and the ground upon which
it is uiged, present the very point. That language
is, that territory now free should remain free. If
it be free, then, must it not be so until slavery
be authorized by law? Slavery is the creature of
law; it does not exist by natural right. I ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, how is slavery to
go to California, if that Territory be, as he says,
now free?
Mr. WILMOT said, in reply to the question,
that slavery would go there as it had gone into
every portion of the American continent—by vio-
lence and fraud. The whole history of slavery
showed the necessity of positive prohibition It
had gone up to the very line of legislative prohibi-
tion. Why was it that it had stopped at the Ohio,
and did not go north of it? Why did itstop at the
latitude of 36° 30' west of Missouri? It was be-
cause the ordinance of 1787 prohibited it in the
former case, and the law called the Missouri com-
promise in the latter.
Mr. MURPHY resumed. He was happy to
hear the gentleman, but in his opinion he had not
given a satisfactory answer to the question. If fraud
and violence should succeed in establishing slavery
in California against the existing law there, it
would do so in opposition to any law Congress
should pass. Eut it was'not true slavery had been
introduced anywhere in this country by such
means. It was introduced into the American Col-
onies by the free will and consent of the* people of
the Colonies. No foreign power had ever attempted
it. It was a peculiarity of African slavery, that
while it was adopted by all the American Colonies,
it never existed in the mother countries of Europe.
There was no necessity for fraud and violence to
introduce slavery, especially as it was not consid-
ered by our fathers as an immoral or anti-republi-
can institution. The first law upon the subject of
slavery, recognizing and authorizing it in any of
the old thirteen Colonies, was passed by Massa-
chusetts in 1641. That law authorized slaves to
be held, and provided that they should be treated
in the same way that the law of God, established
in Israel, required they should be treated. Here
| was an express acknowledgment by the Pilgrim
i Fathers of the consistency of slavery with the law
! of God. William Penn, the gre«t philanthropist
| and friend of human rights, was a slaveholder, and
j one of his descendants, while Governor of Penn-
i sylvania and Delaware in 1775, refused his assent
I to a bill passed by the Assembly of the latter
i Colony prohibiting the importation of slaves. So
| much for the morality of the institution in the esti-
i mation of our pious ancestors. In regard to its
violation of human rights, Thomas Jefferson, the
' author of the Declaration of Independence, of that
instrument which declares that all men are created
free and equal, did no t so consider it, or else he would
I not have remained and died a slaveholder. In fact,
j African negroes were notconsidered in the category
; of men, as spoken of in that great instrument, by
Americans, either North or South. I have recently
read in the Boston Gazette of the 22d July, 1776, an
account of the ceremonies on the publication of the
Declaration of Independence in that city. It was
proclaimed amidst the firing of cannon, the ringing
of bells, and the shouts and huzzas of the people.
A grand entertainment was given on the occasion,
when patriotic toasts were drank in favor of uni-
versal liberty and the downfall of tyranny. Yet
they were slaveholders; for in the same paf;er in
which this republican pageant is so glowingly
