1T0
APPENDIX TO TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 1,
" 80th Cong 2d Sess.
Slavery in the Territories—Mr. Atkinson.
Ho. of Reps.
aspirant for the place, he would conduct his ad-
ministration with moderation.
Mr.' STARKWEATHER. They voted for
him on the ground that he would not interpose
the Executive veto to any bill Congress might pass
in relation to slavery in the Territories.
Mr. MURPHY. I know of none such. So far
as came under my observation, the Free-soil party
to a man voted for Mr. Van Buren, at least such
of them as had previously acted with the Demo-
cratic party; and wh®t is more, they all went to
the polls. It was not so with many of the Demo-
crats on the other side. They staid home, hun-
dreds and thousands of them, because they knew
all effort was hopeless to secure the vote of New
York for General Cass. Had they all gone to the
polls, his vote would have been much greater.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. How is it that Van
Buren and Cass together only received sixteen
thousand votes more than Taylor?
Mr. MURPHY. I have explained that already.
Many democrats did not vote: while on the other
hand, many Whigs voted for Mr, Van Buren.
General Taylor did not receive the full Whig vote.
Many distinguished Whigs openly repudiated and
voted against him—such men as Willis Hall, and,
almost, my colleague over the way [Mr. Greeley.]
That they could not all have voted for Genefal
Taylor is evident from the fact, that the full Whig
vote is about 245,000, while he only received about
216,000 votes. On a fair test between the Whigs
and Democrats, the latter have a majority of ten
thousand; and, Mr. Chairman, 1 trust the time is
near at hand when, forgetting our present causes
of difference, all good Democrats will unite in dri-
ving the Whigs from power. At least, I do not
mean to quarrel with my colleague or any one else
in relation to these difficulties. What I have said
has been for the purpose of justifying the course
which those who sustained the regular nomination
at Baltimore thought proper R> pursue at the late
election, and of testing their conduct by the prin-
ciples of our ancient faith. There is another au-
thority to which I must refer, that of a great man
in the political annals of our State, who has rarely
had his equal and never his superior in the Union,
for high integrity, pure heart, and clear,unclouded
intellect—I mean Silas Wright. Although opposed
to slavery, he was also opposed to making^ it a-
political question. He deprecated it as a sectional
issue, in words which I will read to the House.
Mr. COLLINS here rose, and asked Mr. Mcr-
riiv to yield ihe floor in reply.
Mr. MURPHY, in a moment, sir, after I have
read the extract. I know what you wish to refer
to—the letter to Mr. Titus. In that letter I agree
with him. He there said he was opposed to the
acquisition of more territory for the puipose of
extending slavery. Soaieweall. But the ques-
tion is, what shall we do with it after it has been
lawfully obtained, and not for such purpose? I
apply the language which he himself used many
years ago, on another occasion, but intended to
apply to an occasion like the present. Principles
do not change. What was then truth, is truth
now. [The hammer here fell, and the Chairman
declared the hour expired.]
Mr. MURPHY said he would furnish the quo-
tation for the printed report of his speech. It is
as follows;
" If there be those anions: us," said Mr. Wriaht, "who,
milled 1>y a mistaken sympathy, or by sutiden excitement,
•upon any .-ubjpcl, are forgijttHig tlifir obligation to the v\ hole
countiy, to the Constitution, and the Union, let us use every
efTbi t of ppi Miastnn ami example to awaken them to a sense
of' their dariirerou* error. If those, who, for the sake of
pnva'e interest, personal ambition, or momentary political
sur-ces^, are willing to experiment upon the public passions,
to tieat lightly their constitutional obligation'!, to foment
scctional jealousies, and raise up geographical distinctions
within the Union, let the absence of our countenance and
support convince such that the persona! gratification, or
public service^ of any Jiving imn, are not objects of suffi-
cient magnitude to he gained at the expense of the harmony
of the country, the peace of the Union, or a single letter in
the list of .our constitutional duties. Jf among us there he
any, which Heaven fox bid, who are prepared, for any earthly
object to dismember our Confederacy, and destroy that Con-
stitution which binds us together. lPt the fate of an Arnold
be their?, and let the detestation and scorn of every Amer-
ican be their constant companions, until, like him, they
shall abandon a country whose rich blessings they are no
longer worthy to enjoy.1"
SLAVERY IN THE TERRITORIES.
SPEECH OF MR. A. ATKINSON,
OF VIRGINIA,
In the House o,f Representatives,
March 1, 1849,
In Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union ort the Indian Appropriation Bill.
Mr. ATKINSON said:
Mr. Chairman: I have been a Representative in
Congress for six years. I have mixed and asso-
ciated with those from every portion of the Union;
differences of principle and of interest have often
. divided ns; the passions of our nature have been
1 sometimes aroused, and conflicting views of pub-
lic policy have threatened to sever the ties that
hind us together; yet I trust that I shall separate
from my co-laborers here without a spark of en-
mity to any, and in peace and good will with all.
It is time that I should give way to others who
are doubtless as ambitious of honors and distinc-
tions as I am, equally emulous of kindness and
favors, and better qualified, it may be, to protect
and advance the interests of my constituents. In
dissolving, however, the relation which so long
has subsisted as Representative and constituents",
I am proud to acknowledge my profound gratitude
for their repeated evidences of regard and confi-
dence. To be useful to my country, true to my
trust, and faithful to my constituents, are the char-
acteristics which I have sought to make conspicu-
ous in my course. Their will, and the principles
of the Federal Compact as construed by the Dem-
ocratic partv, have been my only guides. How I
have succeeded is for others, not me, to decide. My
public acts stand upon record, open to the examin-
ation and subject to the approval or condemna-
tion of those who have trusted me. By them I
must stand or fall, and I cheerfully submit to the
award of a generous constituency. If, in dis-
charging the duties of this responsible station, I
have given satisfaction to those to whom I am
responsible, and rendered some small service to
my country, I shall have secured, and shall enjoy
in my retirement, the highest and best reward that
a public servant can desire.
In retiring to private life, in the pursuit of do-
mestic pleasures, to which my taste and inclination
have long inclined me, I cannot forbear to express
my unabated devotion to the principles of Democ-
racy, and an ardent hope that their influences may
| continue to spread till they shall produce the
i happiest results to the civilized world.
I Sir, every day furnishes to my mind fresh proofs,
i not only of the wisdom and patriotism of the illus-
; trious men who fiamed our Constitution, but of the
j truth of that construction of its spiritand meaning,
I as expounded by the Republican party. Accord-
ing to this construction, no theory of government
j yet conceived can equal the moral beauty of the
: actual system under which we live, and under
! which, in a few years, we have attained a national
prosperity and power, without a parallel in the
! annals of history.
I Although apparently complicated inconsequence
, of the separate relation we bear to two distinct
i governments, those of Slate and Federal, and seem-
! ingly dangerous in consequence of collisions which
! may arise between them, yet, upon inspection, it
' is found that the whole machine is simple in its
| mechanism, and harmonious in its operations.
Regarding as we all do, that the sovereignty of
a nation legitimately and of right belongs to the
people, (not in parts and parcels, but in its entirety,)
and that governments are only emanations of that
sovereignty—only manifestations—exhibitions of
its power and action—all difficulty in comprehend-
ing the true character of our system at once dis-
appears. To each of these governments, separate
and distinct powers have been granted, and so long
as each shall confine its action within the limits
prescribed for it, so long will everything move
smoothly and successfully along. It is only by
encroachments upon the lawful domains of each
I other, that danger can possibly arise.
Mr. Chairman, the first exercise of sovereignty
by the people of this country, after securing their
independence, was exerted in the formation of
their State governments, whose powers and duties
were defined in a written constitution, and con-
fined to subjects of a local, municipal, domestic
character,
The nejet occurred at a subsequent period, and
resulted itt the formation and adoption of the Fed-
eral Government, whose powers and duties were
in like manner defined and specified.
These powers are few in number, and relate
to subjects of an external character—to our rela-
tions chiefly with foreign nations, to the protection
and defence of the people, and to such other gen-
eral interests as could be more advantageously
managed by the Federal than by the State govern-
ments—such as the coining of money, the regulation
of weights and measures, the postal system, and
some others.
In the grants of power made to the Federal
Government by the Constitution, and in the lim-
itations or reservations of power, there is exhibited
an amount of sagacity and wisdom which all the
combined powers of human intellect could not
have produced; and there is no event, no circum-
stance connected with thehistory ofourRevolution,
and of those times, which displays the wondrous
workings of the Almighty Mind In a more remark-
able degree than the formation and adoption of
that immortal instrument. This bond of union is
not the work of the closet; it is not the result of
deliberation or deduction; it is no artificial device
of man's art or cunning; but it is a compromise of
jarring and conflicting interests—-a general result-
ant of the combined action of opposing forces—a
consequence of laws operating upon humanity, as
, inevitable and as necessary as are an^of those
! which we daily and hourly see in the physical
i world under the invariable relations of cause and
t effect. Such, sir, was the jealousy of the different
j sections of the country towards each other, and
' especially of the State governments towards the
! new government then to be established, that every
j word employed was weighed with care, with de-
| liberation, and caution. The precise import of
I the language was duly ascertained and determined;
! and it may be said, that the change of a single
] important term, the least abstraction or addition,
i would have defeated the great object in view. It
i could not have been otherwise; but, like every
j other effect resulting from natural causes, the in-
! strument, as adopted, created not only the best
| system of governmentthatcould have been devised,
s but, under the circumstances, a perfect system.
Such a confederation was necessary and indis-
pensable for the happiness, the independence, and
the security of the whole. Without it, the blood
and treasure expended in the revolutionary strug-
gle would have'been poured out in vain. In their
separate and distinct character, with a sparse pop-
j ulation, and extending over a large surface, al-
1 though the States would have been perfectly com-
! petent to manage and conduct their own internal •
! concerns, they would still have been constantly
' exposed to collisions and disputes among them-
: selves, and at all times subject to the dangers of
I foreign invasion and subjugation. Bound, as they
! now are, under a Federal compact, with powers
j limited to a few specific general objects, our nation-
J ality has been preserved, and a degree of prosper-
! ity,greatness, and happiness secured for ourselves,
I'• m this point of view, unknown to all former times,
j! While retaining their own sovereignty over all
subjects of a domestic kind, they are permitted to
!; pursue their own individual aggrandizement, un-
II der their own peculiar institutions, in their own
jj way. Sir, the entire system is novel and unique;
j' nothing similar to it is to be found in the world's
> history. Its success has been beyond all calcula-
j: tion; its influence has been pervasive; it is now
!| shedding its beams over the whole earth; it is
j: attracting the admiration of every nation, and
i| directing their eyes to the "Model Republic,"after
which to build up and reconstruct the ruins of the
' old European regime, whose separate dynasties are
j successively and rapidly falling into decay. The
I tree of liberty planted by our fathers has, under
j its influence, found a genial soil on the American
i continent, and taking deep root, has extended its
; branches from sea to sea, affording shelter and pro-
tection to the millions who are destined to take up
; their abode beneath it.
The Constitution,proceeding from the sovereign
will of the people, has given vitality to the spirit
of Democracy, which has produced an upheaving
among the masses, to the dismay of kings ana
