1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ITS
30th Cong 2d. Sess.
Slavery in the Territories—Mr. Atkinson.
Ho. of Reps.
the South, by whatever means are best adapted to
the protection of the Constitution, the defence of
herself, and the preservation of the Union;" land,
" that knowing no party names or political divis-
ions on questions involving, in their settlement and
Consequences, the character, property, and lives of
those whom they represent," they declare them-
selves " ready, heart and soul, with a united front,
to join Virginia, theCarolinas,and the other south-
ern States, m taking such measures for the defence
of their rights, and the preservation of themselves,
and those whom they hold dear, as the highest
wisdom of all may (whether through a southern
convention or otherwise) suggest and devise."
The resolutions of other southern States are
equally impressive and determined; and that man
must be blind to the light of truth, who can now
1 suppose that tame submission is to be the fate of
those people. Sir, I appeal to you, to this com-
mittee, to the people of the States: Is it for the
purpose of gratifying a thirst for political ambition;
to indulge an appetite for sectional aggrandizement;
to stimulate the phrensy of wild fanaticism, and to
whet the fansrs and give poignancy to the course of
religious bigotry? fsthere any truth, any reason,
any justice, any patriotism, any virtue, any moral-
ity, in all this?
Sir, in whatever aspect we may view the appli-
cation of the " Wilmot proviso" to the territory
which we have just made ours, we shall in vain
look for any other object than either that of harass-
ing the feelings of the South, or of Creating a pre-
cedent to .justify Congress in any action which it
may hereafter propose in regard to the general sub-
ject of slavery.
In all the grounds that have been taken to sus-
tain the present movement against the peculiar in-
stitutions of the South, we find not even the merit
of plausibility. They are mere pretences, and bald
attempts at deception. It is a daring assumption
of power, not conferred by the bond of our Union.
It is an effort of unmitigated tyranny and usurpa-
tion—a wanton intermeddling in the aifdirs and
business of your neighbors, in which you have not
a particle of interest or of rightful concern. But we
are told that slavery is an evil, a moral and politi-
cal evil, and a blighting curse upon the country,
and therefore ought to be abolished. Sir, I did
not hear the speech of Hon. Mr. Starkweather,
of New York, a few days ago; but he did me the
honor to send me a copy. In respect to him, sir,
I have looked a little into it, and I was struck with
his remarkable tact in jumping to his conclusions.
He says that Congress'has the constitutional power
to extend its legislation over territories belonging
to the United States, and consequently to exclude
slavery therefrom. This, sir, is a non sequitwy
if his premises were true to the fullest extent, his
conclusions would be false, erroneous.
Sir, every one here knows that Congress has the
constitutional power to extend its legislation into
every State in this Union, especially, sir, where
there are lands or other property of the United
States; to make rules and regulations concerning
that property; to control the army, the navy, fort-
ifications, dock-yards, arsenals, and magazines; '
and yet, sir, no one, I trust, will contend that
Congress has the right to interfere with our muni-
cipal matters in the States, over which its particular
legislation has been extended, and especially to
exclude slavery therefrom. ^iVhat kind of legisla-
tion is this confided by the sovereign States to Con-
gress?—for, sir, I take it for granted that the gen tle-
man from Nejv York, being a Democrat, claims
no powers for the Federal Government other than
such as have been granted by the creators, the
Stales. It is the power to dispose of, and make all
needful rules and regulations respecting, the terri-
tory or other property belonging to the United
States. Now, sir, how the power to dispose of, and
make alt needful rules and regulations respecting, ihe
Unitary or other property of the United States, can
confer upon this and the other branch jurisdiction
over 'private property of any kind, is to me unintel-
ligible. __ ,
But the honorable gentleman from JNew York,
in his second proposition, affirms " that slavery is
a great political, social, and moral evil; in direct
conflict with the fundamental principles of this Gov-
ernment; opposed to its growth, piosperity, and
future welfare." Let us look for a moment at this
branch of the subject. I presume the gentleman
was never a slaveholder—has never been much, if
at all, in the slave States, and, in his candor, must
acknowledge that, practically, he knows nothing of
the workings of that institution upon the moral,
social, or political condition of society where it
exists.
I ask the honorable gentleman, and those who
think with him, to go with me into the families of
the South, where you will find black slaves, but no
white slaves. What do you see ? A farmer, the
owner of five, ten, twenty, or may be an hundred
negro slaves; they are well fed, well clothed; when
in good health, they are employed chiefly in agri-
culture; not confined to the hot rooms of a northern
manufactory, but breathing a healthy, salubrious
atmosphere; not compelled to work at inclement
seasons; and when the sun sets in the west to close
the day, you will see the happy, cheerful negro
retire to his comfortable house with a light heart,
partake of his night's meal, and if a wife and chil-
dren in the family of his master or his neighbor,
he spends the cheerful eve with them. JU he i3
sick, he is not thrust from his master, denied the
common comforts of life, and permitted, hke some
poor wretch and pauper, to suffer with all the ills to
which man is subject; but he is supplied with a
physician, nourishment, and attendance;and when
he recovers from the bed of sickness he has no
bills to pay—no home, no employment to seek.
Sir, I wish the gentleman could visit my native
State—that proud old Commonwealth, Ciod bless
her—enjoy the hospitality of her citizens—go to
their places of worship, and see the well-dressed
negroes marching up to the altar to pay their devo-
tions to the living God; to see the mistress and her
children reading to their menials the Bible, the
Book of Life, and teaching the young blacks their
catechism, and responsibility to their Creator.
Think you, sir, you or the honorable member from
the empire State would find in all this a social and
moral evil? No, sit; you gentlemen who have had
no experience in this rrfatter, know nothing of our
domestic servitude. You can no more see the truth
respecting it, than can a blind man distinguish
colors, or admire the beauties of the rainbow.
Our slaves are instructed in religious exercises,
and, in many instances, houses are erected on the
farms for public worship, and ministers ot the
gospel paid, by the year, for their pastoral services
to the blacks. How,ahen, sir, can slavery, such
as that I have described, and which I know to
exist, be a moral or social evil ?
But the honorable gentleman says it is a politi-
cal evil. 1 ask, to whom is it a political evil r Un-
der the provisions of the Constitution, five slaves
(being both persons and property) count only as
three white persons;, and under its operation, Vir-
ginia has about four representatives upon this floor
by reason of her slave population. Now, sir, sup-
pose we emancipate them, then they do not count
as five to three only, but are to be reckoned as
persons, (white persons,) and in political influence
stand up as man to mari with the whites of*the
North. Virginia, under that state of things, would
be entitled to nearly three more Representatives than
she now has. How, then, is the relative political in-
fluence of the North diminished by the existence of
slavery? And how, let me ask again, is'slavery
in New Mexico or California, or both, to give the
South additional weight over the North in the
councils of the nation ? It is not at all probable that
the climate of that region will be .more favorable
to the multiplication of the negro race than Vir-
ginia, South and North Carolina, Georgia, &c.;
the only effect of their immigration to the Territo-
ries will be, to spread the same number over a larger
surface, and thereby render them more valuable to
their owners; whereas, to hem them up m the
States in which slavery now exists, is to affect the
interest of the master, and lessen the happiness
and comfort of the slave. Slavery, therefore, sir,
is no political evil to the free States, can be no po-
litical evil to the people of the free States; if it be an
evil, it is our evil, and we ask gentlemen to let us
bear our ills, and take care ot themselves, from
what we daily see here, I am sure that these very
i kind-hearted gentlemen, who are so distressed for
i our sins, do not wish to increase our influence in
I this House; and therefore i can trace their con-
| tinual intermeddling with the business of others
i to no other cause than not having the advantages
i derivable from the ownership of our well-fed, well-
bred, well-behaved servants. Being obliged to per-
form for themselves many offices performed by our
slaves, they are, in truth, envious of our comforts
and our pleasuies.
I have heard many men railing against the evils
and moral tendencies of slaveryvyet I never saw one
of them settle in the South, but that the first money
he could get by school*teaching, by selling tin, or
wooden nutmegs—if he located in the South—was
expended in the purchase of a slave. I doubt not,
sir, there are men on this floor from southern Stales,
Representatives, who were born, raised, and edu-
cated in the free States; if there be such, I warrant
you, sir, they are slaveholders. These gentlemen,
who ere so conscientious when north of Mason
and Dixon's line, lose their horror for holding
man m bondage when they shall have married
some fine Virginia or Carolina girl, who made him
a master, and a gentleman of fortune. He no longer
is his own shoe-blacky but he calls upon CufFee.
Mr. Chairman, that negro slavery is immoral,
or even wrong in itself, 1 utterly deny. If it be
wrong or immoral, then are the laws of nature
herself wrong, and of immoral tendencies; then is
! it immoral to raise one of God's creatures to the
1 highest point of intelligence and happiness which
j he is capable of attaining; then is it immoral to
i make a moral, religious, and comparatively intel-
lectual being of one who, otherwise, would have
been an ignorant and utterly degraded savage.
Sir, at the date of the adoption of the Constitu-
tion every State had slaves. I find that, m 1790,
New Hampshire had 158, Rhode Island 952, Con-
necticut 2,759, New York 21,324, New Jersey
11,423, Pennsylvania 3,737; and in seven of those
States were 40,370 slaves, and some of the citi-
zens continued to hold their fellow-men in abso-
lute bonflage even up to 1830; and then New Jersey
had 2,254. And even to the present day, some of
these gentlemen, of tender consciences, are hold-
ing human beings to labor, in involuntary servi-
tude, without their having been convicted of crime.
These people were held as property, not in viola-
tion of the Constitution, but under its sanctions and
provisions.
I strongly suspect that the men of that day
were as honest, as religious and just, as their de-
scendants. They were protected by the same Fed-
eral compact that now binds us together; yet it
was no political evil at that day. And I pray you,
sir, how did they get rid of them? Not by invo-
king the aid of Congress, but by the voluntary
act of their owners. They emancipated some, no
doubt; but the greater number were brought into
the market, as they did their cattle, and sold for
the best price that could be obtained. The climate,
soil, and other circumstances of the North, made
their labor unprofitable; they found it good policy
to convert their slaves into money, to be employed
in manufactures, in stock-jobbing, in commercial
operations, in ships for the whale fishery, and, it
may be, for transporting these poor savages from
their homes and families in Africa. In all this
time, your sympathies were not awakened, your
tongues were not continually exercised in vituper-
ation and abuse of the owners of slaves. When
your ancestors have found it politic to sell their
negroes to southern men, and warrant them to be
property, you come here wow, and say that prop-
erty cannot exist in man. Shame! shame upon
you! the ghost of your fathers should haunt you,
I and chide their ungrateful children, for breaking
j the bond of covenant which they had sealed.
! Suppose, sir, that with the great slave interest
I existing at the adoption of the Constitution* it had
| been provided that in any territory thereafter to be
acquired slavery should not exist, think you that
'1 that immortal instrument would have been ratified ?
No, sir; never, never!
The South has already emancipated more slaves
than you of the free States evei did possess, and
of greater value than the much lauded example of
England, in giving her millions for the liberation
of her West India slaves. But we claim no merit
for this. It was the result of free volition; but we
claim the same property in them which was guar-
antied to us by the principles of the Constitution;
we claim to manage that property m our own way;
and hefore fanatics and madmen will be permitted
to inteifere and destroy our interest in it, we will
rend asunder every ligament that now binds us to
you, even if the consequences should cau,se us to,
