m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 19,
30th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Florida Resolutions—Mr, Yulee and Mr. Westcott.
Senate.
What, then? CIVIL WAR! This is the prac-
tical process by which the dissolution of the Union
is to be accomplished. Are you prepared for this)
Are you resolved on this ? Will you enforce your
arbitrary, your insulting, your degrading edicts
against the southern States and their citizens, at
this hazard? There have been taunts. It has
been saicl 44 the South dares not resist!" We have
been defied and threatened, and boasts have been
made of the superior power of the North and East.
I would, Mr. President, implore'those who thus
act, to listen to the voice of humanity, if that of
justice, and the guaranties of the Constitution are
still unheeded. As our fathers of the Revolution
appealed to the people of Great Britain, they are
appealed to: their 44 native justiceand magnanimity
are invokedthey are "conjured by the ties of
our common kindred to disavow these usurpations " 1
of which the South so justly complain, and which
will "inevitably interruptourconnections and cor-
respondence." As our fathers of the Revolution
44 warned" the people of Great Britain, as to the
usurpations of the British Crown and Parliament,
they have 44 from time to time" been 44 warned
of the attempts," by the Legislature of the Con-
federacy, " to extend an unwarrantable jurisdic-
tion" over the South and its domestic institutions.
They have been "reminded of the circumstances
of our emigration and settlement" on this conti-
nent; of the struggle which effected our common
independence; of the formation of the constitutional
compact, and of the unparalleled prosperity we
have all enjoyed under it; and can it be that his-
tory is to record that, disregarding all those appeals,
as the people of G^eat Britain were in 1776, "they,
too, are deaf to the voice of justice and consan-
guinity I ask them, are your feelings towards
the South so embittered, that you wi§h to drive
the southern States from the Union? Can there be
any whose prejudices are so overwhelming as to
desire the Union to be severed? Is their hatred of
the South so intense that it can only be slaked by
a civil war? Can it be possible that any intelli-
gent citizen of the United States has such feelings?
Shut your eyes, if you can, to all the horrors of
such strife; to the disruption of the ties of kindred;
to the rending asunder of the bonds of society; to
the devastation and carnage which will be its at-
tendants—hope, if you can, that it may be con-
ducted by humane commanders, and according to
the rules of modern civilized warfare, and I ask
you, what will there be of profit or of honor to you,
if you should be victorious? What boots it if you
succeed in subjugating those who are now your
fellow-citizens of the southern States ? Could y£ii
exult in such victory? Could it be crowned with
glory ? Could heroes spring up among you in such
conflict? And what dictate of permanent political
or commercial or other interest, can you find to
induce any desire to subvert the Constitution and
Union? There is none. Fanatics and demagogues
may seek to mislead you, but you will ultimately
find that your welfare and prosperity depend upon
the harmonious preservation of the Union, and the
constitutional rights of all.
Suppose in the effort to subdue the South you j
have the aid of the machine called the Federal j
Government; do you imagine this will sanc&fy the j
outiagesyuu may perpetratein its name? Suppose
bitter and scalding will be the tears of remorse that
you will shed for your unhappy success.
Am I asked, Mr. President, why I speak thus
to the East and North, and why I do not address
similar exhortations to forbearance to my own
section. I will cheerfully answer. The South are
not the aggressois. They are the assailed—they
are the defensive party. Sir, the South knows
well that she could not, if she would, hesitate as
to her course on this subject. She feels that she
is forced by the dictate ot self-preservation, and at
every hazard, to resist the unconstitutional course
pursued towards her. She feels that it is her po-
litical death if she passively yields. She has no
alternative. She must resist. The questions in-
volved are of vital character. Not merely civil
war, but, what is still more dreadful, servile war,
is one of the consequences of submission to the
attempted encroachments upon her constitutional
rights; and this will come upon her if she does not
at once unite and take a firm stand against the
incendiary intermeddling of other sections, with
the domestic institutions and local policy of the
southern States. Sir, the South does not seek a
dissolution of the Union. The imputation that
she does, is an infamous calumny. The people
of the South are not merely attached to, but they
are devoted to the Union. They are as national
in their feelings as those of any other section. But
the Union to which they are .bound, is the Union
of the Constitution. By that compact, all the
States of every section are" equals. The bastard
Union that sectional and fanatical faction would
force upon the South, instead of that formed by
our fathers, has not, and never will have our affec-
tion, or our respect. Tl*e South never can admit
the doctrine that the Federal Goveinment pos-
sesses the power in anywise, or to any extent, to
legislate with a view to exclude the institution of
domestic servitude from the Territories. Fol-
lowed up as it would be by attempts to enforce
kindred doctrines as to the rightfulness of inter-
fering with the local affairs of the States, they
would soon be degraded to the position of infe-
riors. They would cease to be equals, and be-
come the dependent vassals of an arbitrary sec-
tional majority in Congress. Such were not the
terms of the Union agreed upon sixty-two years
ago, by the southern States, when they ratified the
Federal Constitution.
I repeat the South cannot yield. She is resisting
a principle which, if established, seals her political
doom under this Confederacy. It is her political
death to acquiesce in its establishment. It is not so
with those sections that are striving to force this
principle upon her. Those sections are contending
for a mere political abstraction, what they believe
to be a philanthropic sentiment; for a principle
that does not affect them locally,and which relates
wholly to the Government and domestic insutu-
I tions of other, and distinct political communities.
; The advocates of the anti-slavery restriction are
! striving not only to exclude southern institutions
: by o.oercive means from the new territories, but
I they seek, by the power of arbitrary legislation, to
j force the people of those territories, to adopt their
j principles, their prejudices, and their institutions.
I Will the North and East jeopard the Union—
are they prepared to meet all that must occur before
that by arms u compels the South to submit. In a j| that Union is dissolved, merely to cany out an ab
few years your boasted supremacy of numbers will " ' '' ' ' ' ' '
ceasfl to exist. It is destiny thatthe "Great West"
is soon to control this Government, and then in
your disregard of the guaranties of the Constitu-
tion, and in your aggressions on the South, may
perhaps be found its justification for returning the
"poisoned chalice to your lips." I will not pre-
sent a picture of your condition if the South should
under Providence defeat you in the conflict of arms,
which must piecede the severance of this Union.
Whoever triumphs, no true-hearted patriot—no
fiiend of republican liberty—no friend of humani-
ty—no true philanthropist, but will revolt with
abhorrence from the scene presented by such con-
flict, and its issue. No matter what section is
stract political sentiment, which is not to operate
on themselves, and in which, if carried out, those
sections can have but little interest? I will, how-
ever, present the question in so simple a form, that
every intelligent citizen in the Union, can under-
stand it truly, and see its injustice at once. If the
South had majorities in both Houses of Congress,
and should propose "with respect to these territo-
ries, a law of Congress, declaring that no citizen
of a non-slaveholdmgStateshould go to the territo-
ries, unless he bought and took with him a negro
slave, and held such slave in servitude there, would
the North and East submit? This is the other side
of the question presented by those who seem de-
. - — . termined to insist on the exclusion from the terri
victorious, those who may cause such deplorable ;l tones, of the southern citizen with his slave prop- I
war, and those who, having power, do not strive ' erty. It is a bad rule that will not work both '
to pra ent it, will be detested while living, and j! ways. Why, sir, the whole non-slaveholdinsr
neir memory execrated as long as constitutional ;i States would rise up at once, en masse, to resist bv
Zl '«,?•2S 3 ^'-sciPle 0,1 cartli' y°u !'  ™8l if necessary, their exclusion by BUch la" of
comnel thJU^dt the,So.uth~~iry°u should by force jj Congress. If southern majorities here should en-
eompel thereto .ubmtt to your arbitrary edicts, I! act Such a law, the North and East and West
would be united, and would withdraw from the
Confederacy, and fight, rather than submit to such
coercive exclusion. And, sir, they would act right-
ly. And yet, for daring to speak of resistance to
the exclusion now sought to be imposed upon the
South, its citizens are denounced as " southern
fanatics," 44 agitators," "disumonists," and 44 trai-
tors," seeking a severance of the Union !
Mr. President, the whole history of this coun-
try stamps all these accusations with falsehood.
Before and since the adoption of the Federal Con-
stitution the southern States have shown their
devotion to the Union. Their sacrifices in the
revolutionary struggle were at least equal to those
of the other sections. Her sons, though slave-
holders, were not laggards in that contest. There
is not a battle-field m that war, from Maine to
Georgia, but was moistened with the blood of some
of her sons. In the councils of that era her sagea
were among the wisest and firmest patriots. And
how was it after our independence was gamed?
Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and
Georgia, voluntarily restricted their respective
western boundaries, and gave to their sister States,
as 44 a common fund," their vast domain, extend-
ing westward to the Mississippi. Virginia gave,
the Northwest Territory before the Constitution
was ratified. All that tegion was tributary to her
laws, and, under them slavery existed there. In the
establishment of the government for that territory,
itwasprovided thatitshould be what is now railed
44free soil." She did not resist that usurpation of
power. Six non-slaveholding States have grown
up under the restriction thus imposed. Virginia,
in that cession, had no degrading jealousy; the
South were not influenced by any pitiful sectional
.feeling in the other cessions i have referred to.
And how has the confidence and generosity of the
South been requited? By illiberal suspicion, jeal-
ousy, abuse, and attempted outrage. The gift
made by Virginia of the Northwest Territory, and
her not resisting the restriction upon it as to sla-
very, have been made a pretext for assailing her
institutions as 44 revolting to the spirit of the age."
Her voluntary cession and acquiescence in the
restriction of the ordinance of 1787 has been ad-
vanced as an 4tadmission," and urged as a "pre-
cedent" to sustain the exclusion now threatened
as to California and New Mexico.
Mr. President, m her devotion to the Union the
South has, since the .Constitution was formed, m
1787, submitted again and again to the partial and
sectional legislation of Congress to advance the in-
terests of the eastern and middle States; and, with
but one exception, without any attempt to resort
to the rightful remedies reserved to the States
against Federal usurpation, or aggression, or in-
justice, and often without a murmur.
Congress since 1787 has repeatedly enacted laws
for the protection of the navigation interests of
New England and New York. The South has
yielded to the navigation States of the east and
j middle sections all her carrying trade. Those
j sections enjoy it exclusively. Have selfish feel-
1 ings influenced the South in this? • The monopoly
| of the entire coasting trade of the Union is given to
I the navigating States upon an old and obsolete
: principle of the restrictive policy of Europe. Have
j the South sought to be allowed to employ foreign
I vessels in their domestic or coasting trade, or
i claimed the advantage of their competition with
j the vessels of the eastern and middle States? So
I far from it, sir, at this very time, acts of Congress
i for the benefit of eastern vessel-owners, oblige the
j southern States, whose citizens iiave little navi-
j gating interest, to procure the products they con-
: sume of Cuba and Porto Rico, via the eastern
Atlantic cities. My own State and Georgia get
two-thirds of what they use of the products of
those islands, from the East, though we are within
a short distance from both islands. Under the
operation of your navigation laws, and laws le-
specting commerce, eastern ships monopolize the
carrying of most of our foreign cotton trade. Fe\y
foreign vessels now visit southern ports, though
they can generally carry freight profitably for
prices below what vessels of the United States
exact. The South has submitted to ali this. 9
Look at your fishing-bounty laws, for the ben-
efit of the eastern States. Jt would be an instruct-
ive lesson as to the value of the Union to these
States, and the pecuniary profit it has been to thera
