178
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 96,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Slavery in the Territories—Mr. C. IS. Stuart.
Ho. of Reips.
But inasmuch as it contains a section restricting
slavery in that Territory, the excitement which has
pervaded, and does now pervade, the public mind
on this subject, has invested it with a double inter-
est;,
■ The power to institute a territorial government
at all is by some denied, and the power to institute
a government containing this restriction is denied
fcymany more; the expediency of doing so is also
denied. To discuss, at length, either one of these
proposftions would require more time than is al-
lowed- to gentlemen in the discussion of any sub-
ject; in the Committee of the Whole in_this House;
and yetl intend to glance at all of them, imperfectly
of course, within the time that is allowed to me.
I hold that Congress possesses the power to do all
these things. Entertaining-this opinion, it is not
very-important to determine from what source the
power is derived; but inasmuch as much specula-
tion exists on this subject, inasmuch as great minds
hav&employed extensive research upon it, I pro-
rose, for the purpose of justifying the vote which
shall probably be called upon to give upon this
bill, to state not only the existence of the power,
but the source from.which 1 think it is derived.
The history of the legislation of this Government
oh the subject is sufficient, as a matter of precedent,
to establish the«exis.tence of the power as claimed.
Judicial decisions of the'country have not been had
upon this express question, but upon those so anal-
ogous and of such frequent occurrence that that
source, too, may be looked to with confidence as
- sustaining this power.
In all this, however, it will be conceded by
every gentleman who has carefully examined the
subject, that the fact of the existence of the power
has oftener been brought in question than the
source from which that power is derived. It is
sufficient for me to say that I do not regard it as
a power under "the Constitution of the United
States. In saying that, however, I admit that any
gentleman who wishes to make an argument sus-
taining that view of the case, can find precedents
sufficient. He can find judicial authority and le-
gislative authority bearing on this question, as
well as individual opinions, from which a respect-
• able argument might be made to sustain that view
of the question*. But yet I am among those who
believe that the framera of the Constitution never
anticipated the Requisition of additional territory.
Not anticipating it, they did not make provision
for it. They were a body of men met together to
do a particular work; they did that work perfectly,
but they interfered %inth no other business.
One of the strongest arguments that was used by
the opponents of the adoption of the Constitution
of the United States by the States respectively,
was, that the territory was already too large to be
comprehended under one government. This power
to acquire and govern, is one possessed by every
nation; and in this, is exercised exclusively by the
General Government.
Now, sir, this general position indicates the
views which I entertain on the subject. It is not
necessary for me to go further upon it. If it is
admitted that the Constitution of the United States
confers^ upon Congress the power to organize a
territorial government, to appoint judges]' a gov-
ernor, and a legislative assembly, under the clause
which authorizes Congress "to dispose of, arid
* make all needful rules and regulations respecting,
'the territory or other property of the United
( States,'*' that very admission covers the whole
ground. If you admit, that Congress can do this
under the Constitution, where is the dividing line?
What higher duty is there imposed on any legis-
lative assembly than the protection of life, liberty,
and property ?
Legislation in relation to property stands second
in importance; yet it is insisted by a portion of tiie
Union, that the power to legislate in relation to
property in slaves, does not exist under the Con-
stitution.
Mr. Chairman, this is a strange proposition. I
say it is a strange proposition from those who ad- !,
mit the power to act under the Constitution at all. ;
It is said that Congress may make all needful rules j
% regulations, emphasizing the word needful, i
But it is contended that this is not a needful rule, >l
and therefore that it is not constitutional. This is '
a matter of opinion; it is a matter of discretion. :i
It is not a question of constitutional power. This ii
tribunal can determine finally no such questions;
and whether it be needful to pass a law or not, must
be decided in the first instance by Congress.
But there is a strange absurdity involved in the
course of those who fake this ground. What!
you can legislate in relation to the possession and
descent of real estate; you can legislate in relation
to every Other sort of property; you can deprive
a man'of the,right to hold any property at all; you
can take his life: but you cannot say he shall not
hold a slave. It is insisted upon by the same class
of gentlemen that the Constitution confers upon
them the right to move with their property into
this Territory. So far from this, the Constitution
confers no right at ail even to go there. No man,
1 say, under the Constitution, has even the right
to go there. Congress possesses the power to
prohibit it. This power to make regulations con-
cerning the public territory, confers upon Congress
I the right to restrict trespasses; and if the public
I lands be withheld from market, and there be none
in the Territory but public land, every man in the
world is excluded. He cannot go there. If this
is a constitutional right, it is a right which cannot
be abridged; it is a right which cannot be modi-
fied; it is aright which cannot be suspended. And
yet, in the case that I put: if a territory be unset-
tled—if the whole property belongs to the Govern-
ment of the United States, and that Government
enforces its laws prohibiting trespasses upon it—
how is a man to go there ? The moment he sets
his foot upon a single inch of.ihat territory, he is
a trespasser. He can be excluded entirely.
But if this power were admitted, if it were con-
ceded that we have a right to go there with our
property, has not the legislative power of the coun-
try the right to declare what is property and what
shall be property there? .Animals wild by nature
are property in some States. In others they are
•not property. Has not Congress the power to
declare that such animals should not be regarded
as property in the Territory ? and if so, can you go
there and hold it?
But it is said again that this territory belongs to
the people of the United States; or to refine a little,
to the States respectively; and hence that Congress
does not possess this power. It is true that th%
sovereignty rests with the people, and not else-
where; but through what medium is this sovereignty
exercised ? Is there any other known to our insti-
tutions except the power of Congress. Are not the
States expressly prohibited from making treaties?
They cannot acquire territory. They have no
legislative power outside the boundaries of their
States. They can do nothing in convention.'They
can do nothing by any voluntary movement. The
only medium through which they can exercise this
power is through Congress. Here it is truly ex-
ercised, and not elsewhere.
But when gentlemen fail to 'find powers of' the
Constitution of the United States expressly grant-
ed, they talk to us about the compromises of the
Constitution. Yet these same gentlemen tell us,
that all the powers conferred by that instrument
are enumerated. Will they inform me where they
ii find these enumerated compromises in the Consti-
tution? Upon what page? In what section ? In
: what line? How many are there, and to what dif-
; fererit subjects do they relate? Lay your fingers,
I gentlemen, if you please, upon that compromise
; which guaranties to you, m your own language,
the right to take your slaves into the Territory,
j Such a thing does not exist; it cannot be found.
The compromises of the Constitution ended when
[ that instrument was perfected. They have no ex-
| istence now. When we make a new constitution,
i we will make it upon new compromises; but those
, which existed, and under Which we made this in-
■ strument, exist no longer. We now stand on the
[positive provisions of the Constitution, and gen-
| tiemen overlook its positive provisions in a fruit-
less search after its compromises. Congress, in
. the first instance, determines for itself, under 'the
; Constitution, the power to pass laws. If there is
a mistake, then the tribunal established by the
same instrument shall determine the extent of that
mistake. But, in the first instance, I repeat, Con-
gress determines the question for itself.
I insist that the framers of the Constitution did j
not anticipate the acquisition of any further terri- |
tory. I ask gentlemen from the South who claim i
these rights under the'Constitution, to reeollest
for one moment, that provision of it which relates
to the reclaiming of fugitive slaves in the States
and Territories. It is provided that a slave escaping
into a Territory shall not, by that act, be free.
Without this provision of the Constitution he
would be free. Do gentlemen say that the provision
relates to territories thereafter to be acquired? If
they say this, they admit that he is free if taken
there by the act of his master. I repeat it, and 1 ask
southern gentlemen to answer me—if the Constitu-
tion of the United States applies to territory there-
after to be acquired, I say that the provision con-
cerning fugitive slaves contains the inference that
they are free when taken into the tenitories by the
act of the master. If the provision extends to ter-
ritory thereafter to be acquired, what becomes of
your right to take your slaves into the territories
of the United States? it is ended; it has no further
existence.
Briefly as I have referred to these questions of
power, I must l§ave them where they are; and I
proceed to inquire into the policy and necessity of
exercising this power.
First of all, the strongest reason that can be urged
upon any legislative body is the request of the
people inhabiting the territory. The same obliga-
tion upon us to respond to that request which ex-
ists in relation to the Territory called the District
of Columbia, enhanced by the fact that they have
no immediate voice in the electoral college, rests
upon us to comply with that request. But it is
due\o the Mexican inhabitants of that territory;
to those who have been transferred under the re-
' cent treaty; who have been taken from a country
j in which African slavery had no existence, and
I against which they entertained the strongest im-
| pressions—these persons, I say, placed under the
; laws of this Government, have a right to demand
this much from us. It is due to them. The prin-
j ciples of sound policy also require it.
The very eloquent gentleraan from Virginia,
[ [Mr. McDowell,] the other day, submitted to
! this House an argument which was replete with
j reasons why Gongress should exercise this power,
i In a strain not susceptible of imitation, and which
| is peculiar to the gentleman himself, he called upon
jus to extend this institution; because, if we did
not, the time was not far distant when the over-
| whelming numbers of the slave population would
; rise in insurrection against their masters, and ex-
terminate the white population. Shall we aggravate
1 this evil? If southern gentlemen are now appre-
hensive that the time is not far distantwhen, wnhin-,-
the territory which it now covers, a war between
the races is a probable event, shall we"I repeat, -
extend it over more than double the territory which
it now covers? If we shall do that, when, at
; some distant day, that territory shall have become
i densely populated also, and gentlemen shall rise
] here and demand the intervention of the North to
; protect them against institutions of this character;
I where then will be the territory to which these
| institutions shall be transferred?
But it is objected that a. law of this character is
! unjust, unequal, and insulting to the southern
I States. Does it propose any restrictions upon any
j particular portion of the community ? Cannotaman
! from South Carolina or Virginia go there with every
I species of property which a man from Michigan
can take with him ? Does a man from one section
I of country enjoy any privileges superior to those
1 enjoyed by a man from another section ? How,
; then, is thejaw unjust and unequal? How is it
1 insulting? The very idea seems to me to he pre-
' posterous. Insulting in the Congress of the Uni-
I ted States in the middle of the nineteenth century,
, to restrict the extension of slavery ! It was an idea
, not dreamed of-by tire fathers of the Republic.
; But if one State or one set of States here, or
• elsewhere, can do anything that is insulting to the
, remainder, I ask, does not that insult consist in
i uniting together in anticipation of legislation, and
declaring that if a certain act be passed, they will
resist it ?
Mr. GAYLE interposed, and was understood
to ask to what the gentleman referred?
Mr. STUART. I will say to the gentleman
from Alabama, [Mr. Gayle]—for 1 do nothing by
halves—that I refer to a meeting held within the
walls of this Capitol. 1 refer to the sentiments
expressed in the publicpress throughout the South,
ana in the leading Deatoeratie paper of this city.
