f.
1849.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL (JLOBE.
179
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Slavery in the Territories—Mr. C. E. Stmrt.
Ho.-of Reps.
I refer to the sentiments uttered on this subject;
,and I say that the substance of this whole move-
ment is this—that if the Congress of the United
States should pass a law prohibiting southern men
from emigrating to these territories with their
slaves, they have declared that they would resist
that law.
Mr. GAYLE (scarcely heard) was understood
to say, that there had been nothing that looked
like resistance to the action of this Government.
Mr. STUART. I confess my surprise to hear
the gentleman make such a declaration. If from
the commencement of the address to the end of it,
there is anything breathed, except resistance to the
action of Congress of this character, I have read it
in vain. Ft is suggested to me by the gentleman
from Virginia, near me, that resistance is found
in the resolutions of the State of Virginia. I have
said, what I repeat, that the public press in the
South, and the leading Democratic paper in this
city, the Legislatures of the southern States, the
address of the southern members to their constit-
uents, breathe this sentiment, and no other. I
speak in no spirit of disrespect.
Mfj WOODWARD interposed, and (the floor
having been yielded) was understood to remark,
that the address of the southern delegates was not
an address drawn to those from whom they appre-
hended aggression, nor an address to this House,
the instrument through which the aggression was
to be committed. It was an address to their con-
stituents.
Mr. STUART. I am aware of that. But does
that affect the avowal I have made? I said that
if any one State or set of States could insult the
remainder, it would be by an open avowal in an-
ticipation of legislation, that if Congress did a cer-
tain act, these States would resist it.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, interposed, and
(the floor having been yielded) said, he did not
intend now to say anything in regard to the
" Southern Address;" he had not signed that ad-
dress; his reasons for his course would, at the
proper time, and in a proper way, be submitted to
his constituents, to whom he was indebted for his
position here, and to whom he felt himself respon-
sible for his action as a representative. He must,
however, say to the gentleman from Michigan,
[Mr. Stuart,] that he seemed wholly and totally
to misunderstand the feelings and sentiments of
the southern people. They believe that Congress
has no power to pass any such proposition as the
Wilmot proviso," and that its enactment into
law would be at NT expense of the Constitution
ef the United States, and therefore of no binding
force upon them. As such, be need not feel m the
least surprised to hear them and their representa-
tives speak of their determination not to acquiesce
in its adoption. Whenever in" their ©pinion all
peaceful and constitutional means for their protec-
tion shall have failed, and the time shall come
(which he hoped might never come) for them to
choose an ignominious abandonment of their honor
and their rights, or resistance to unconstitutional
legislation, he will find but one sentiment amohgst
them; they will present an unbroken front and a
determined spirit.
Mr. STUART. That is precisely one of the
remarks I made half an hour ago—that gentlemen,
in looking after the compromises of the Constitu-
tion, overlooked and forgot its express provisions.
Congress, 1 said, must decide in the first instance,
whether laws were constitutional or not. Southern
men think this law unconstitutional; northern men
think that it comes within the powers of the Con-
stitution; and the express provision of that instru-
ment is, that upon this difference of opinion the
Supieme Court of the United States shall settle
the question finally and conclusively. When an
appeal shall he made to that tribunal,Jf, as I think
they would, they should give a decision sustaining
this legislation, southern men have a revolutionary
right, but no other.
But, sir, these are the mere shadows of objections.
The real objection is entirely of another character.
It is, that the South has so long held a controlling
influence in the Government, that it is like parting
soul and body to give it up. The leader that
intellect which is capable of leading anywhere and
everywhere, which carries the southern States,
and is always sufficient for any emergency, pro-
claimed, in a speech made in the Senate in 1847,
the real reasons why they oppose this legislation.
In that speech, Mr. Calhoun, among other things,
made use of the following language;
"Sir, there is no mistaking the signs of the times-? alid u
is high tune tha( the southern States, (he siaveholding Status,
should inquire what is now their relative'strength in this
Union, and what it will be if this determination shall be
carried into effect hereafter. Sir, already are we in a minor-
ity—I use the word " we" for brevity's sake—already we
are in the minority in the other House, in the electoral col-
lege, and I may say in every department of this Government,
except at present in the Senate of the United States; there
for the present we have an equality. * * ' * *
There are two hundred and twenty-eight representatives.
* * *   Of'thesc One bundled and thirty-eight
are from the non-slaveholding States, and ninety from what
are called the slave States, giving a majority in the agjriegate
to the former of forty-eight. In the electoral college there
are one hundred and sixty-eight votes belonging to the non-
slaveholdmg Slates, and one hundred and eighteen to the
siaveholding, giving a majority of fifty to the non-slavehold-
in^. * * * * But, sir, if this aggressive policy
ts to he followed—if the determination of the" non-slavehold-
irig States is to be adhered to hereafter, and we are to he
entirely excluded from the Territories which we already
possess or may poetess—ifthis isWbe the fixed policy of the
Gcfk'ernmeM, I ask, what will he oursituaiion hereafter?
x * * Twelve more States upon the Territory
already our*—without reference to liny acquisitions from
Mexico, may be, and will be shortly added to these United
States. How shall we then stand5 * * 1 The
Government will be ennieiy in the hands of the non-slave-
holding States—overwhelmingly. •***•* We
shall be at the entire mercy of the non-slaveholding Slates.
* * * * These, Mr. President, are soleinnques-
tions, not only to us, but, let me sav to gentleman from the
non-sJavehold'ing States, to them. Sir, the day that the bal-
ance between the two sections of the country—the slave hold-
ing States and non-slaveholding Slates H destroyed, is a day
that \vill not he far removed from political revolution, anar-
chy, civil war, and wide-spread disaster. The balance of this
system is in the siaveholding States. They are the conserva-
live portion—alwajshave been the conservative poition—
always will be the conservative jiortion ; and with a due bal-
ance on their part, mav, foi geneiations to-come, uphold ibis
! glorious Union of ours. But if this scheme should be car-
| ried out—if we are to be reduced to a handful—if we are to
become a mere ball toplav the Presidential game with—to
count something in the Baltimore caucus—if this is to be
the result—wo, wo, I say to this Union."
Mr. Chairman, these are the arguments of a very
bold man who never has any reasons undercover,
but openly speaks the motives by which he acts.
Here, I say, is the secret of all this organization;
the secret of all this resistance to the power of
Congress, and here alone. If the siaveholding
States were as two to one, they would be perfectly
willing that slavery should be excluded from these
territories; but they cannot bear to see the sceptre
depart from the hand of Judah.
As to the policy of excluding slavery from these
territories, it is found in the very sentiments to
which wc have just referred. How has it .hap-
pened that with a territory more than double the
size of thrt covered by the free States, the South
are in a minority in this House and in the electoral
college? Will any gentleman contend that their
soil is less fertile? Is it not as suitable for a dense
population as New England, New York, or Penn-
sylvania? The southern States are the garden of
the Union. The State of Virginia has been grow-
ing less ever since the Constitution was adopted
 less, I say, in the scale of States—and yet she
is'probably the very T>estof the Old Thirteen. Her
soil and climate, her navigable waters, her timber,
her water-power, are not excelled by either of the
old States—scarcely equalled in any portion of the
land. What is the incubus that bears these peo-
ple down? It is slavery; simply because it pre-
vents a dense population. Wipe that out, and
you will instantly find that the land which is now
owned in quantities of thousands of acres will be
parceled out into forty-acre lots, having industri-
ous farmers upon it with taxable property from the
amount of two to five thousand dollars. These
are arguments which are not to be overlooked or
evaded by gentlemen here, if they would not entail
this curse upon generations yet to come. If before
our own eyes we see these appalling effects—it the
history of the country backs this record, shall we
now legislate m a manner affecting California and
New Mexico for ages to come, so as to extend and
perpetuate this evii? For one, I never will.
Mr. Chairman, i procccd now (for I must pass
rapidly on) to consider the effect of the Missouri
compromise, and the effect of this State legislation,
which is one and the same thing. I object to the
Missouri compromise, because it extends slavery
from the western borders of these States to the
Pacific, south of 36° 30'; and I object to the bill
of Senator Douglas, which is based upon a similar
principle.
I am ,among the number who believe that the
day is not far distant when the whole of the Re-
public of Mexico will be swallowed up m the
Republic of the United States. If you allow the
institution of slavery to be carried to the Facifio;
if you allow its influence to be extended to that
Republic, you will establish a line which cannot
be surmounted, south of which slavery will be
maintained, and ultimately spread even to the Isth-
mus of Darren. Therefore I oppose it, I say I
believe that Republic will, in the course of events,
be swallowed up in this, because it is in accord-
ance with the laws of God. The history of the
world does not show a case where a people, such
as that, has been able to live in juxtaposition with
a people like ours, superior in every respect, and
maintain their nationality. It cannot and will not
be done.
But the most objectionable plan which has come
up y^t is that which has been introduced by the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Preston] as a sub-
stitute for this bill. The gentleman proposes to.Or-
ganize California and New Mexico into one State.
Why, to a plain man at home the bare statement
of the proposition would be enough to reject it. A.
territory larger by about one-fifth than all the
siaveholding States of this Union, more than twice
as large as all the free States, to b%organized into
one State ' Who ever heard of such a proposition
before? But for the excitement on the subject of
slavery, such a proposition would never have been
dreamed of. It cannot, it is not .possible that it
can meet with countenance anywhere.
But, Mr. Chairman, weareasked to compromise
this question. We were called upon by.the'elo-
quent gentleman from Virginia [Mr. McDowell]
the other day, in strains of eloquence peculiarly his
own, to come up to the subject and to the compro-
mise of this question in the spirit in which oujr
fathers of the Revolution assembled together and
framed the Constitution of this Government. Sir,
in that spirit! come. I look to gentlemen from
the South; I se#among them numbers of men—
aye, 1 may say that without an exception I am
proud to call gentlemen from the South on this
door my personal friends. If I were to perform a
mission in this House, to select those by me most
heluved, I would find them indiscriminately among
gentlemen representing the North and the South. *
But do they meet us in the spirit of their fathers?
Have they forgotten that the original draught of
the Declaration of Independence contained among
the first and most prominent causes which it set
forth to justify a revolution, that the power of the
Crown of Great Britain had interposed its veto to
laws to prevent the importation of slaves into the
then colonies ?
When first reported, the Declaration of Inde-
pendence contained this chargc against the King
of Great Britain:
" He ha<5 wa^ed cruel war against human naiure itself,
violating mo>t sacred lights of life and liberty in the per-
sons of a distant people u ho never otlendeu him, captivating
und cart jinsi them into slavery in another heim.-phere, oi to
im-ui miserable death in their transportation hither. This
piratical wurlare, the opprobiiuni of Irihdel Powers, is the
warl'aie of the CIjmsoau Ivingol Great Butam. Determined
to keep open a market where men r-hould be bought and
sold, he has prostituted his negative for suppressing every
legislative attempt to prohibit or retrain tin* execrable
commen-e. And that this assemblage of horrors might
want no t ict of distinguishing die, lie now exciting those
very people to use in amis among us, and to purchase that
liberty of which he ha-> dt-prived them, bv muidermg the
people on whom he ai«o obtruded them: thus paving off
former crimes committed against the hheities of one people,
with ciimes winch ne urg.s them to commit against the
lives of another.55
But again, sir: in 1781 and 1782, Mr. Jefferson
wrote his Notes on Virginia. Hear what he then
said on the subject of slavery:
"There must doubtless be an unhappy influence on the
manners of our people produced hj the existence at slavery
among iv . The whole commerce between master and slave
is a perpetu il exorcise of the most botatoious passions, the
mon imr miuinflr dfKpntissn on the one part, and degrading
submissions on the other. Our children see thw arid learn
to imitate it; for man is arilnnuuive animal. This quality
is the jrerm of all education in him. From his cradle to his
grave he is learning to do what he sees others do. If a parent
could find no motive eithoi in his philanthropy or his self-
love, for K'Stiaiiongtbeintempcranceof pa-bion towards his
■slave it should always be a sufficient one that his child is
present. Cut generally it is not sufficient. The parent
storms, the child looks on, catelies the lineaments of wrath,
put's on the s-aine aib in the euele of smaller slaves, gives a
loose to the worst of passions, and thus nursed, educated,
; and daily exercised in tyranny, cannokbut be stamped by
! it with odious peculiarities. The matt must bo a prodigy
