1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-*83-
30th Cong 2d Ses's.
Ocean Mail Steamers—Mr. Strong.
and in June of the same year, the first contract
was made with the Post Office Department for the
transportation of the mail in four steamers between
New York and Bremen, at an annual cost of four
hundred thousand dollars. In the following year,
on the 3d of March, A. D. 1847, on the last expi-
• ring day of the session of Congress, three other
lines were authorized—one from New York to Liv-
erpool; one from New York to New Orleans, by
the way of Havana, with a branch to Chagres,
and one from Panama to Oregon. Still another
iine has been authorized, from Charleston to Ha-
vana. Under the authority thus given, contracts
have already been made, five lines of ocean steam-
ers have been established, and' the Government
has assumed the obligation to pay annually, during
the ensuing ten years, the extfaordinary sum of
one million three hundred and twenty-nine thou-
sand six hundred dollars. Nor is this all. Sir,
this is but the birth and growth of but two years
and a half. Such has been the facility with which
acts of Congress authorizing these contracts have
been obtained, that numerous other projects of a
similar character are presented for our approval,
and demand our action. Already has the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs reported a resolution for
the establishment of another Iin15 from New York
to Havre; and still another, from New York to
Antwerp, in Belgium, a place distant a little more
than two hundred miles from Bremen, the termi-
nus of the first line authorized. If these be estab-
lished, they will add to the annual demands upon
our treasuiy another sum of not less than eight
hundred thousand dollars. And even this, sir, is
not the beginning of the end; a line is proposed
from some point m California to Shanghai and
Canton, with Government steamers; a line which
cannot be supported at a less yearly expense than
one million of dollars. One is proposed to the
mouth of the Elbe, and thence to St. Petersburg;
and the honorable gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
King] has told us, in his able and interesting,
though, as it seems to me, fallacious speech, that
it is highly probable other lines may be established
between important points which have not been
suggested. This he denominates " the American
system of steam mail-packet communication."
True, it is a splendid scheme, but I fear it will be
found to contain more blanks than prizes. Sir, I
cannot resist the conviction that it is time for us to
consider how far this policy is to be pursued. The
steps already taken, we cannot retrace. The thir-
teen millions, or the one million three hundred and
twenty-nine thousand six hundred dollars annu-
ally, for ten years, we have contracted to pay, and
that is beyond our control, but we may decline
assuming greater responsibilities. At all events
the subject is sufficiently large to invite discussion,
to deserve the attention of Congress and of the
country. I propose, therefore, to ask the attention
-of the committee while I make a brief examination
of the system, and express some of those views
which have awakened in my mind a decided hos-
tility to it, and which lead me to oppose any fur-
ther extension of the policy. The advocates of
these contracts have advanced several reasons for
.urging them upon the favorable consideration of
Congress. I must be permitted to say that those
reasons have not always been the same, nor have
they been consistent With each other.
The adoption of the system was urged as a
rneans of enlarging the conveniences of the mails;
and accordingly, the first contract was placed
under the charge of the Post Office Department.
As such, it claimed the approbation of the country.
But, sir, it is not difficult to show that instead of
facilitating mail accommodations, these contracts
are and must continue to be an'actual burden upon
the Post Office Department, the most formidable
existing obstacle in the way of that reduced and
uniform postage whichithe country demands. The
harmonious voice of every section of the country
. cojnes up to us, and asks for the utmost i eduction
of postage which is consistent with the policy of
.making the revenues of the department defray its
expenses. From the earliest history of our Gov-
ernment to the present day, with a brief excep-
tion, there has been no departure from the prin-
ciple that the conveniences of the mail are to be
extended as widely as possible, provided the ex-
pense did not exceed the revenue. I have said that
there has been a brief exception. This occurred
Ho. .of IJfffg.
during the last war with Great Britain, when, for
a short period, an additional postage of fifty per
cent, was exacted, with the design to raise revenue
for the support of the Government. The experi-
ment was soon abandoned, and the principle has
become settled that the expenditures of the Post
Office Department are to be coextensive only wit^,
its revenue. I know of few persons who are will-
ing to see this principle abandoned. Now, sir,
why is it that during the last year the revenues of
the Post Office Department have not far exceeded
its expenses? One answer is obvious. It is be-
cause so large annuities have been paid to these
ocean mail steampacket lines. Had no contracts
for such service been in existence, there would
have been a large surplus beyond the expenditure,
and no misgivings could be (elt as to the feasibility
or the propriety of a uniform postage of five, per-
haps even of three cents. The entire expense of
the transportation of the mails within the United
States for the year ending June 30, 1847, was two
millions four hundred and ninety-five thousand
seven hundred dollars. It was the'same last year;
but 1 select the year ending June 30,1847, because
I have been able to find fuller statistics respecting
that year. The number of letters carried exceeded
fifty-two millions, and the number of papers fifty-
five millions. Both papers and letters were more
numerous during the last year. The sum already
contracted to be paid foe the ocean mail steam-
packet service is one million three hundred and
twenty-nine thousand six hundred dollars for a
single year; more than half as much as is paid/or
the transportation of the mails over all the post
roads of the country. Sir, it requires but a state-
ment of these facts to exhibit the utter baseless-
ness of the argument that the conveniences of the
mail are enlarged by the establishment of these
lines of ocean mail steamers. I am aware that
only a part of this sum is charged to the Post
Office Department, but the whole is justly a sub-
ject of consideration in the investigation of the
extent to which increased mail accommodations
are given to the community by this steam mail
packet service.
Now, sir, what is the return for all this expend-
iture? What are the glorious results of this splen-
did experiment? From the report of the Post-
master General for the same year, (ending June
30, 1847,) I learn that the number of letters for-
warded in the mails from foreign countries was
eight hundred and fifty thousand nine hundred and
eighty. It must not be forgotten that these were
all. This sum includes those which came from
all foreign lands, those which came in English as
well as American steamers, in packet-ships, and
by every mode of conveyance. And yet the ag-
gregate of all is eight hundred and fifty thousand
nine hundred and eighty—proportioned to the do-
mestic letters about as one to sixty. % And yet we j
pay for the transportation of this one-sixtieth more !
than half as much as for the conveyance of all the
domestic mails, even assuming that they all come
in American steamers. Add to this sum all ship
and steamboat letters, and the sum total is less
than thirteen hundred thousand. It thus appears
that the Government of the United States has
already, by these contracts, engaged to pay more
than one dollar for the transportation of every letter
which come? to our shores from foreign lands.
There are no oilier data from which to gather the
amount of postages received for mail transporta-
tion by these lines. It seems to be too small to be
worthy of separate notice. The Postmaster Gen-
eral's report of this year states that the income
from the Bremen line is reported to be §29,082 83. j
These, then, are the results of these enterprises; '
this the rich harvest that we have gathered, and j
this the cost at which that harvest has been se- j
.cured! Sir, all this is done, this one dollar for
every foreign "letter paid, this ^1,300,000 annually i
appropriated at the expense of the business, the j
intelligence, and the social affections of the coun-
try. Our citizens are taxed for the support of
these lines, and debarred from that free intercourse
with each other, from that unfettered trade, from
that interchange of knowledge, of thought, and of
feeling, which, but for this policy, they might
enjoy. The rapidly-increasing population of our
western country, the interior of New Mexico,
California, and Oregon, all require new post routes,
and increased postal accommodations. They ought
to possess them. But these must be sacniiced" or
long delayed. In regard to'one of these lines, tftat
from New York to New Orleans, we are informed
by the head of the Post Office Department, in Si's
report made at the commencement of this session,
that it is utterly useless as a means of transporting'
the mails between those places, and yet to thftt
line we pay anpually the sum of $290,000. -'
It is absurd,' then, to sustain this system, or to
urge its extension as a means of giving to our peo-
ple increased mail accommodations. If the object
really be to extend and enlarge the mail conve-
niences of the country, to me it seems that it could
far better be done by allowing every properly-con-
structed ship that sails from our ports to carry
letters, and to receive for compensation one-half
the postage. B.y this mode, the foreign mail trans-
portation, instead of being an onerous tax, would
be a source of revenue to the Government. And
by this mode substantial additions would be made
to postal accommodations. But I dismiss the fur-
ther consideration of this argument, heretofore so
strenuously urged in behalf of the extension of
governmental aid to those lines of mail steamers.
Experience, the great test of truth, has proved its
fallacy.
Equally unsatisfactory is the argument which
the chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs,
[Mr. T. B. King,] addressed to us at the last ses- -
sion of Congress. He then advocated an exten-
sion of this policy, the establishment of other lines
of ocean mail steamers, and urged it as a judicious
plan for increasing our navy. Sir, it may well be
doubted whether the situation or the necessities of
the country require any large increase of our naval
establishment. The necessity of such an increase
must be conceded or proved, before tfiere can be
any force in the argument of the honorable gentle-
man. But without delaying lo enter into the con-
sideration -of that question, I confess myself unable
to perceive the advantages which we are to gather
from this new system of naval enlargement. And
yet this seems to be the argument upon which
most reliance is placed, and which the gentleman
urged with all his ability. He has given, us a
glowing picture; but the utmost skill of the painter
cannot convert a picture into the reality. I have
already stated that this system was first quartered
j upon the Post Office Department; but when it be-
! came apparent, that as an agent of that department
| it could not be sustained, it is then discovered that
it is demanded by the necessities of our navy; and
we are pointed .to the large appropriations made
by Great Britain and France to build up'a steam
marine. But, sir, it seems to be overlooked", that
the difference in our circumstances' and position
may require from us a'different policy. England
and France are in close neighborhood, not only
with each other, but with other maritime nations.
! Each, too, has its own colonies, remotely situated,
and yet not too remote to be accessible by steam
navigation. To them, therefore, either for pur-
poses of attack or defence, a steam marine is doubt-
less indispensable, and the fact that one is engaged
in providing such an armament, imposes upon the
other the necessity of corresponding action. How
unlike is our situation ! To us all the steamships
in the world would be worthless for the purposes
of attack upon any European nation at home. Far
removed as we are from other maritime nations^
and having no colonies, such a marine would lie
idle upon our hands. The quantity of fuel which
steamers must carry, limits the duration of the
voyage to a period of fiom fifteen to thirty days—
too short lo admit of an hostile demonstration in
the European seas. And, sir, that which is oar
disability is also our defence.' The same cause
which would prevent our employing steamships
for offensive operations in Europe, must ever bar
European nations from using them to attack our
coast. Great Britain alone has supplies of fuel
upon this continent, and in the event of war those
supplies would speedily fall into our hands. So,
too, for the purpose of protecting our commerce in
distant seas, is a steam marine of little value, and
for the same reasons. It is only for defensive op-
erations, for the immediate protection of our coast,
that such an armament is at ail desirable. For
this purpose I admit its value, and for this almost
alone. But for this purpose the steamers already
built, and those in progress are ill adapted. They
are primarily intended for the accommodation of
