1849.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.185
30th Cong 2d Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. R. W. Thompson.
Ho. or Reps.
cannon which we may or may not buy at pleasure?
Large quantities of cotton goods are used in our
navy; we have an undoubted right to procure
them: does this include the right to appropriate
money to a manufacturer, to enable him to build
and carry on a cotton factory, because we may
wish to buy his cotton fabrics? Again, sir: leather
is necessary for mail bags, and the right to procure
it is undeniable; but who will say that this consti-
tutional right embraces the gift of money to a "citizen
to enable him to establish and support a tannery ?
This will hardly be asserted; and yet it will be
found difficult to show that our annuities to lines
of mail steamers rest upon a different principle.
The truth is, it by no means-follows, that because
we have power over that which is a possible con-
sequence, we have equal power "over everything
of which it may be a consequence. I know, sir,
that it is sometimes difficult to draw the line and
determine what is and what is not within the
powers granted to Congress, and I do not wish to
be understood as expressing more than doubt.
But it is always safest to keep within the limits of
acknowledged constitutional authority. It may
be worthy of consideration whether, if Congress
may constitutionally contribute to the establish-
ment of these lines, it may not also enter into com-
petition with our citizens in almost any branch of
trade or manufactures. I am unwilling, for one,
to establish such precedents, to support a system
that promises no more of good than this, even if
there be only a doubt of its constitutionality.
But there is another reason for the opposition
which I feel to the further extension of this novel
policy. It is, that in this way the Government
becomes jointly embarked with private citizens in
the business of the country, substantially a part-
ner in private enterprise. In all such unnatural
alliances both parties are almost certain of being
sufferers. Experience has shown'that the Gov-
ernment best performs its functions when it keeps
its operations distinct from, though not in opposi-
tion to, the operations of the people. The good
policy of separating the treasury from all connec-
tion with banking institutions, of retaining our
funds within the control of our own officers, is one
lesson which: we have learned from the past.
"When we step ivfto the arena of business with
our citizens, we are departing from the legitimate
design of every good Government. _ In every
such experiment we must necessarily intrust our
" interests to other hands—to those whose inter-
ests are diverse from and often opposite to ours
and success or failure must be alike disastrous. . If
we succeed, it must be at the expense of the citi-
zen who competes with us, and awaken in his
heart a feeling of bitterness against that Govern-
ment which, instead of protecting, has destroyed
him. There is a constant tendency in every Gov-
ernment to step beyond the sphere of its legiti-
mate action, to interfere in the private concerns of
the citizens, when such interference can be pro-
ductive only of evil. To me it seems, Mr. Chair-
man, that true wisdom requires of Congress only
the protection of the citizen in his lawful enter-
prises, allowing no other interference than the
competition of those who stand upon the same
platform, and have similar advantages. Its crown-
ing excellence is, that with an unseen hand it se-
cures the personal and relative rights of every citi-
zen. There is much that is fascinating, I know,
in taking part in all the operations of trade, m
mingling in all the multiform industry of the peo-
ple, but the fascination is dangerous. Power is
ever avaricious. Such a course may indeed give
prominence to the Government, and make its arm
more constantly felt, but it must^be at the expense
of the hapniness of the people. It may give addi-
tional splendor to its operations, but the history ot
the world has shown that splendid Governments
are built upon the degradation of the masses; that
beneath their gilded surface there heaves an ocean
of poverty, of ignorance, and of wretchedness.
My opposition to these lines of governmental
mail steamers is supported by other reasons, to
which I "have only time to allude. One is, that our
whole, legislation in regard to them is covert, an
effort to conceal the real design. If the object bfi,
> as is said in argument, to facilitate commerce, or
to increase the navy, why not avow this object
openly, and let us have a bill with a corresponding
title to meet the censure or approval of the country.
Thus our people would be informed of the pur- |j
po&es' for which their money is appropriated. j
Then we might learn their wishes in regard to the I
payment of annuities for the increase of the naval j
establishment, or for the benefit of the foreign ear- I
rying trade. Why not call things by their right
names, and not, under the modest pretence of seek-
ing to provide for the mails, aim at another entirely
different object?
I complain also of the governmental aid extended
to these lines of steamers, because it gives undue
prominence to our foreign trade. We owe an equal
duty to all our people, to every branch of Amer-
ican industry. But while we have been appro-
priating millions to these ocean steamers, and riv-
eting them for years upon our treasury, what have
we done for the great domestic trade of the coun-
try? You refuse to appropriate one dollar to re-
move a snag from the channel of the Mississippi,
or to improve one harbor on our northern lakes,
or to remove a rock that impedes our coast navi-
gation. And yet the domestic trade of the country
is far more extended than is our foreign trade; in
it our people are more deeply interested, and upon
it the wealth and happiness of the country are far
more dependent. Yet this system of ocean steam
navigation has been prosecuted to the entire neglect \
of these great internal interests, and we have been !
lavishing bounties upon a single port and a few
individuals, while the prosperity of the great mass
of our citizens has been uncared for.
But, sir, I have no time to say more. I have
summarily referred to a part of those considerations
which direct my course upon this subject, in hopes
to awaken the attention of the House and of the
country to a great and growing evil. If I succeed
in doing so, all that I intended is accomplished.
THE SLAVERY QUESTION.
SPEECH OF MR. E. W. THOMPSON,
OF INDIANA,
In the House of Representatives,
January 25, 1849.
The Committee of the Whole House on the state of the
Union having under consideration the hill iniikiiijymp"."
priations for the support of the army for the
June 30, 1S50, (Mr. Toombs, of Georgia, in the eh|J|pf
humanity and benevolence.- It was so generally
diffused throughout the Colonies that, before the
Revolution, and at the date of the Declaration of
Independence, every one of them held a right in
slaves as properly, by virtue of existing laws of
their own, which, for their defence and security,
they had been compelled to establish by their Co-
lonial Legislatures. The whole number, at that
time, was more than half a million. Of these,
Massachusetts had 3,500, Rhode Island 4,300,
Connecticut 6,000, New Hampshire 600, New
York 15,000, New Jersey 7,500, 'Pennsylvania
10,000, Delaware 9,000, Maryland 80,000, Vir-
ginia 16,500, North' Carolina 75,000, South Caro-
lina 110,000, and Georgia 16,000. In what are
now free States, of the Old Thirteen, it will be seen
that there were then 46,900 slaves, while in the
remainder, which continue slave States, there were
306,500; showing, even at that early ^period, a
much larger number in the South than in' the
North. ?
With this preponderance of slave property in the
South, it is not very wonderful that difficulties
should have been encountered at the infancy of our
Government, in the adjustment of the principles
of representation and taxation. These difficulties
did arise at the very outset. In the Congress of
the Confederation, the institution of skvery be-
I came, at one time, an almost insurmountable im-
pediments apportioningamongstthecolonies their
i respective shares of the public debt. The northern
colonies insisted that the "common treasury"
should be supplied "in proportion to the number
of inhabitants of every age, sex, anil quality, except
Indians not paying taxes, in each colony.'' Those
of the South were quite as zealous in insisting that
the quotas of the respective colonies should be paid,
notby the number of inhabitants of every condition,
but by that of the white inhabitants. If a difficulty
of this kind were to arise in our time, the conse-
quences might well be feared. Butthe menof that
a°-e were wise, and conservative, and patriotic men.
They looked to the common welfare—to the peace,
prosperity, and happiness of every colony. They
acted for the country, not for themselves or for
party. A compromise of the difficulty was agreed
on, and the apportionment made according to the
number of inhabitants, deducting two-fifths for
slaves. Mr. Madison, afterwards, in writing to
Edmund Randolph on the subject, said of this
compromise, that it would " go forth m the gen-
Mr! c?a?rm!n?Availing myself of the latitude jj eral recommendation, as material to> fulwe harnumy
of debate already indulged in during the discussion ! and justice among the members of the Confedeiaey.
of this bill, I propose to devote the hour allowed
me exclusively to the consideration of matters
arising out of the delicate and exciting question of
slavery. I do it, sir, with no little reluctance, be-
cause it is the first time I have ever obtained my
own consent to engage in a general discussion of
the kind, and because I know that what I shall
say will meet with some opposition- from both
sections of the Union—from the ultra men of both
North and South. I do it, however, from a con-
viction that I represent a class of people who re-
quire of me that upon every suitable occasion I
shall endeavor, with whatever ability I may pos-
sess, to bring to bear upon the great questions
con's^vatism^nd^oi^ whfch j j [h, ^eibi-'e the ™""'ed era/Co™
„.,J justice anwng 1 _ .
The deduction of two-fifths was a compromise be-
tween the wide opinions and demands of the south-
ern and other States." And it was unquestionably
true, as Mr. Madison said, that this compromise
was held by the men of that day to be necessary
and essential to the harmony of the Confederacy.
It did restore peace and quiet. Butthe Confed-
erated Government, for reasons jyhich were mani-
fest at the time, and have been abundantly demon-
strated since, was not sufficiently strong'to enforce
upon the colonies the legislatioiwof the Confeder-
ated Congress, and hence the Convention was called
which - resulted in the formation of our present
Constitution.
It is thus shown to be true, sir, that slavery had
i vention of 1787 met. But so discordant, for a long
themselves possess. If &ny considerations per-
member of this.House.. I shall, therefore, ,, ™mbe of the
proceed to^its performance N ^mVedwhTch had agitated Hie Congress of the
mSe^ddight!! Confederation. History^r^ord^no more conclu-
in effbrtstoneSxckemone°sec?ion"? the'Un^ains" ! j sem.ment wouldtave ^eyented^he; establishment
except iu Buy mat t \ r , . >
ention. "This spirit triumphed over every
feelin" of sectional jealousy, and brought about a
JSBSsapxnggs t £*SE&«@33£
was not established m this country with the eon , p number of free persons, by adding
sent of our forefathers, but that it was forced upon j g siav*s. I repeat, sir, what is
us by the peopleand Government of Great Britain, [, all P ^ ^ith
in despite the urgent pet> on^andjemon^tran^   , wyithout tWs comprom.se, our pres.
harm, by disturbing the haimony of that Union federal
which has so long been our strength and our j,
security. ,
It is very well known, Mr. Chairman—and need
. ^ . i. _ i i i*..)-t va s\P clowamr
The feel- |! history-
I aSSf  >« ««—
® 1 . i i.j L.. t rtf I
