1849.}
30th Cong 2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL <HL0fiSL
The Slavery Question—fair. jR. rJ^hojtipso7i.
recollected that the distinguished gentleman from
Ohio, the chairman of the Committee'of Ways
and Means, [Mr. Vinton,] got up in his place
and implored the House to pass it by-, by votin°-
down the proposition to put the main question.
But the records of the House show that twenty-six
gentlemen of the Democratic parly from, the slave
Slates, representing slave constituencies, voted to
order the main question, and force the House to a j
direct vote upon the question, against the e&rnest
remonstrances and direct vote of twenty-eight Whigs
and ten Democrats from the slave Stales.
< Mr. MEADE, (in his seat.) What of it?
Mr. THOMPSON. What of it? is asked by
the gentleman from Virginia. There is this of it—
that you have always denied that Congress has
any jurisdiction over the question of which you
forced us to take jurisdiction by your own vote,
when we wanted to get rid of it without voting at
all, unless we could have an opportunity to modify
its preamble. As a lawyer, the gentleman from
Virginia knows that when a cause is once in court, ,
it may be decided either for the claimant or against !
him: but when you have no jurisdiction, you have 1
no power to decide either way; and he knows, too, ;
that it is too late to plead to the jurisdiction afterit i
has once obtained. By pressing this question upon j
us, you have admitted the jurisdiction of Congress !
over slavery within the District of Columbia.
Ho. of Reps.
ence to judicial authority. 3n inquiring whether
or no slaves are property under the Constitution
of the United States, I am compelled to look to
the decisions of the Supreme Court of the United
States, and nowhere else; and recollecting how
uniform these decisions had been, I was surprised
to hear the doctrine asserted the other day, that
the Constitution did not recognize the right of the
slaveholder to his slave as property. I do not in- j
tend to Detain the committee by reading at any i
length, but I have before me the interpretation of!
the Constitution as given by one of the most 4is- |
tinguished men this country has produced.
In thereof Pnggvs.theComtnomoeaUhofPenn- i „ U1B
sylvaniu, reported m J6 Peters 611, it becam e neces- purposes, if I wislied to accomplish anv Mod and
sary for the court to put a construction imnr? the !; t .......u   . ^ ^ §> and
this is no longer a debatable question. It is res
adjudicate*—it is a fixed fact/' that slaves are
recognized by the Constitution of the United States
as property, <They are made so by the municipal
tews of the southern States, placed as such in the
Constitution, form part of the basis of representa-
tion in this House, and must so stand until either
those municipal laws or that Constitution are
changed.
The next clause in the preamble to this res-
olution asserts that slavery <f is notoriously a re-
proach to our country throughout Christendom." Mr.
Chairman, if I desired to do anything else than
merely agitate the question of slavery for political
purposes, if I wislied to accomplish any good and
following clause of the second section of th^fourth 1 LWOl,'ld see.k,t0 *> h ^earnest
request, for a word of explanation) said, he had
asked the House not to sustain the previous ques-
tion on the proposition because he wanted to amend
it before voting. It was not his purpose to stave
off voting upon it, but to strike out the preamble.
Mr. THOMPSON. I concur, Mr. Chairman,
with the gentleman from Ohio, that there was a
court to put a construction upon the
suse of the second section of the fourth
article of the Constitution of the United States, to
wit:
'"No person held to service or labor in one State, under
tne laws thereof, escaping into another, shall, in consequence
of any law or regulation thercifS, be discharged from sacli
service or lahnr, but shall be delivered up on the claim of lite
party to whom such service or l.ibor may be due."
In delivering the opinion of the court, Judge
Story said: j
;S ^ ^0rsE^rutr fi| IT o^h.eii^n,judsme^' .b#«
appeals to my brethren of the South. " I would
employ no terms of denunciation or rebuke. The
men of the South are no more responsible for the
introduction of slavery into this country than are
the men of the North. They have it, but they
could not help it. It was fixed upon them, evil as
•Jt was and is, against their'earnest remonstrances
and entreaty. It is there without any agency of
ours; let them get rid of it according to the prompt-
known thai the object of tins clause was to seciue to the
otizens of the slaveholffhig States the complete right and
"Vf- XTf TVT'ATvr a u • • jj 7 i- i or mvncr^h'P *n their slaves asproperty. in every Stare
Mr. ViiN I OiS (the floor being yielded, at his j  > the Union into which thev irfight escape from the State
where they were held m servitude. The full recognition of
this right and title «•« indispensable to the security of this spe-
cies of property in all the alaieholdhng States; aad\ indeed, was
so vital to the preservation of their domestic interests and in-
can. But when here, in this Hall, dedicated to
national legislation, we talk about an institution
which exists in one part of the Union under the
law of the sovereign States, which is recognized
by the Constitution of the United Slates, and for
which we of the North are not responsible, it is
wrong, and we have no right to denounce it aa
stitutions, that it cannot he doubted that it constituted a/undo- !< against the srnrit of /hp ao-#> nnri offoiRcf the> UK
I oFchTstianuy? This is'
Hali of *he National Legislature—a Hall conse-
crated to the Union of the Sidles; and though one
gentleman comes from a slave constituency and
another from a free constituency, they are each
  adoption of which the Union could
notr have been formed. Jt*s true design was lo guaid against
:j the doctrines and principles prevalent in the non-slavehold- I
.  ;! inu States, by preventing tlnm from intermeddling with, or I
strong desire on this side of the House to strike !| obstructing or abolishing the rights of the owners of slave*." j
out or to modify the preamble, and that there was || Here, Mr. Chairman, is the solemn, well-ma- !
no fear of a vote upon the resolution. For myself, j| tured, and deliberately-expressed opinion of the (I
sir, I am not now, nor have I ever been, afraid to jj Supreme Court of the United States, given by !■
meet any proposition of the kind. Although I !j Judge Story, a northern, Massachusetts judge, of |! atives, protected and "shielded" by' tVe s'ame~Con-
come from a fiee State I voted against it, and with- |i the highest attainments, which settles the question, || stitution, guarded by the same laws; we have a
out hesitation, and by that vote 1 still stand with i! as between the North and South, of the right of i) common fame, a common ancestry, and a common
an entire confidence that it is rights and that it is jj the master to his slave, and that the slave, by the jj revolutionary renown. I hold, sir, that as the
approved by my'constituents and the country. It |; Federal Constitution, is recognized as properly. I "*
. is approved by my conscience, and that is the high- |J This decision is binding upon me as a citizen and ;
est reward which an honest man can ask. j! as a member of this House. It is the decision of'
bone of the other's hone, and flesh of his flesh; we
are all American citizens and American Repiesent-
Before 1 proceed to notice particularly this pre- jj the only tribunal known to the Constitute as
amble and resolution, I desire to lemark that there j1 "* *■ • -• * '
was one feature of this transaction which struck ]
my mind as rather curious—that was, that ultra :
slavery men on that side of the House, and ultra \
anti-slavei^y men on this side, got together and co- |
alesced with admirable and amazing haimony in i
?ressing this preamble and resolution upon the j
louse. How they got together, 1 did not then, nor j
do I now, understand. Perhaps, before this ses- j
sion of Congress expires, they may get together I
again. Stranger things than that have happened, |
and we all know that**politics make strange bedfel- j
loirs." " Nous verrons."
I propose now, sir, to speak of the resolution of | a l,me °"r history when the " slow, unmoving j
r. «  il _ J?     AT    TTV/I— / ^ *1 Tt ' n fro * <~  f A wvi ' 1 iiTAnld Ua.iA li nr. n ^ i I ust.U !
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Gott.] It
is in these words:
"Wheroa? rhe tiaffic now piosecnted in this metropolis
of the Republic m human being* as chattels is contrary to
natural justice and the fundamental principles of our politi-
catesjetem, and is notoriously a reptoach to our oountry
throughout Chnstendorn, and a serious hnidiance to the
progress of r(publican libeny among the' nations of the
earth: Therefoie,
" Resolved, That the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia be instructed to report a bill, as soon as practicable, pio-
hibiuiig the slave trade in said District."
I voted against this preamble and resolution for j
several reasons, which were entirely satisfactory jj
to my own mind, and a few of which I propose to j|
state. I voted against it, because it assumes that i
the "traffic now prosecuted in this metropolis of ]
' the Republic In human beings as chattels is con- j
4 trary to natural justice and the fundamental prin- j
* ciples of our political system.,5 I do not regard ;
this a3 true under our form of government; and |
this leads me to ihquire, whether, under the Con- j
stitution of the United States, and the compact j
between the States, we are compelled to recognize 1
property as existing in the slaves of the South? t
How is this to be decided? For myself, 1 know j
of but one mode, under the Constitution, of deter- i
mining upon a question of law which arises out of j
a conflict between the States, or between the States j
and the Federal Government, and that is by refer- I
Congress of the United Statesf we have no right to
employ terms of denunciation against the South or
against the North. We stand here, 1 repeat it,
upon ground consecrated by the joint labor and
wisdom of our fathers, where we are secured by.
that Constitution which sprang from the conserv-
ative spirit of their day—a Constitution, which,
so long as it stands as they left it, will guard us
against inroads from abroad and from faction at
home.
This preamble again asserts that slavery, as it
exists in the United States, is " a serious hindrance
to the progi^e&s of itpublican liberty throughout the
world." For the life of me, I cannot imagine what
is intended by such'an abstraction as this. But
abstraction as it is, it is not historically true, I
do not believe, evil as I hold the institution of
slavery to be, that the slavery of the African race
has ever kept the Anglo-Saxon, or any other white
unerring certainty, at the man who dared thus ji race, in any degree whatsoever, from political free-
attempt to break down or impair those checks and !l dom. The fact of the institution of slavery exist-
balances which the Constitution and laws havering m the American colonies dift not impede the
thrown around the rights of the citizen. But, sir, j] progress of our fathers in their establishment of a
we have seen more than once, m the last ten years, jj republican Government. But it is true that those
both the Constitution and the law trodden under ;i countries where vice and immorality and super-
the feet of party. We have seen Donism, and !j stition and ignorance prevail to the greatest extent
i —as tor example, Mexico, and I believe a number
\ of the South American republics—recognize no
j such thing as the institution of slaveiy. The
question of slavery is not one to be viewed in this
; light; it is a question between the immediate per-
having authority to settle this question. T&nd
inasmuch as it has been thus sealed, and is binding
upon the whole country, both North and South,
I hold that the man who attempts to array popular
prejudice against it, with a view to political effect,
is an enemy to the public welfare and the public
•peace. Sir, it is the law of the land, forever fixed
and settled by the highest judicial tribunal in the
country, and all good men must so regard it.
Nothing can be more dangerous to our peace and
prosperity as a nation than these repeated attempts
to appeal from the decision of our highest courts
to the tribunal of party and o f faction. There was
finger of scorn" would have been pointed, with
other ism not less odious, ready to spring up upon
their shattered fragments, and have only been saved
from their influence when the power of the States
and of the Federal Government has held these
petty factions in check. In view of oil this, I le-
peat,and I wish the sentiment fixed upon the minds
of all who hear me, and upon the country, that; avve t}?e. regular deliberation .and action of the constituted
under our form of government, when our highest '! ®re destructive to this fundamental principle,
• , - • j • i , p ' , } i and ot lata! tendencv. Thev serve to organize taction, to
judicial tribunal—the supreme expounder of the ;; giVe it an artificial and extraoidma.y to put m the
Constitution and law—has fixed what that Consti- !' place Of the delegated will of the nation, the via o; « party,
tution and Saw is, I hold that man to be an enemv   j "ft,Jna<nwll art/uland enterptfcmg minority of the corn-
to the nnhlir wplfarp anrl thp nnblir nearf « umty; and, accoiding to the ultimate triumphs oi different
io tne public weitaie anu uie puoiic peace who, i, partl€Sj t0 make the p.mc administration-the mirror of ni-
ior political, party -purposes, seeks to array popular ; j concerted and incongruous jwojects oj J action, rather than the
prejudice against that Constitution and law, thus !: organ of consistent and wholesome plan?, digested by corn-
settled and fixed.* In my judgriient, then, sir, '■ Hion comiSels, anu modified by inutu.i! num'&ts.'*
* General Washington, in his "Farewell Jjddress" to the j
However combinations or associations of the above de- -
^cription may now and then answer popular ends, tlun are
. _ - , - , , s hkelv, in the eourse of time and things, to become potent
American people, employed tins suong And emphatic Ian- j, ^ni*, by w)„Ui mnins, ctmMious. and w,p,h,a,,lJd men
Sua8e : \\ will bo enabled to subvert the power c,f the people.to usurp
" All obstruction to the execution of the laws, all com- I; for themselves the reins of government; destroying, after-
bmations and associations, under whatever plausible char- j j wards, the very engines which had lilted them to unjust do-
acter, with the real design to direct, control, counteract, or 11 minion. 
