192
APPENDIX TO/THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 16,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Slavery in the Territories—Mr. Wilson.*
Ho. op Reps.
devoted to the pablie interest, and their Hearts are
ever ready fully to reward, in money, in affection,
and in honorable promotion, every man who serves
them. • #
i ask you to meet them in the same spirit. A
large proportion of them draw their means from
the earth—earth that yields no "yellow metal"—
from the soil, which they till laboriously for a
support, and for an inheritance for their children..
We are the guardians of their interests. -They
select us, they trust us, they honor us by their
marks of confidence. Let us prove worthy of them
on every occasion, so far as we can. Let us not
impose needless burdens on their backs, that we
may riot in plenty.
SLAVERY IN THE TERRITORIES.
SPEECH OF ME. JAMES WILSON,
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE,
In the House of Representatives,
February 16, 1849,
On the political influence of Slavery, and the expe-
diency of permitting Slavery in the Territories
recently acquired from Mexico.
The bill to provide for carrying into execution, in- part,
- fee 19th article of the Treaty with Mexico, being under dis-
cussion—the House beingin Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. WILSON addressed the committee substan-
tially as follows:
Mr. Chairman: I deem it unnecessary to make
any apology to the committee for breaking the
silence which 1 have studiously imposed on my-
self since taking my seat in this Congress. I pro-
pose to speak of slavery, deeming it the question,
not merely of this country, but of the whole Chris-
tian world-^emphatically the question of the age,
imd its discussion upon this floor fit and proper, in
reference to its influences and bearings upon our
national affairs.
The honorable gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Hilliard,] the other day,.spoke truly in regard
to the effects of slavery in the southern States of
this-Union; that they are isolated, cut off from the
sympathy of the Christian States of the world, by
reason of that peculiar domestic institution. I con-
cur entirely \yith the honorable gentleman in- that
opinion, and award to hkn high credit for his hon-
est, frank, manly avowal of that truth upon this
floor. I rejoice, sir, that the truth is known to
southern gentlemen, and proclaimed here by one
of their number of large experience and acknowl-
edged ability's
It has been said by some one, that " man is the
child of circumstance." It is a sage remark, and
true; and to me it is not surprising that gentlemen
should entertain different opinions, and should rise
here in debate and express opposite views, upon
the subject of slavery. I know, can feel, and real-
ize, that my own views and opinions are influenced
much by the impressions received in childhood;
and, while I am conscious of that in mysclP, it is
but just to infer that other men are influenced by
the circumstances with which they were surrounded
during the receptive period of early life. It excites
no marvel in my mind that gentlemen who have
first seen the light of day at the South—who have
first opened their eyes to the realities of life under
the auspices of that institution—who were early
taught to command, and that it was their right to
b'e obeyed—who had but to say to a certain class
of individuals around them, "Come," and they
would come; "Go," and they would go;—1 can jj
very well realize and understand how it is that i|
gentlemen, accustomed from their childhood to jj
command, being nurtured in this way up to the I
condition of manhood, should entertain entirely Ij
different opinions from those which I, and 'those J
who have been brought up as 1 have been, enter- ji
tain. In the northern States of this Union, we are jj
taught from childhood to look upon labor as the l!
■condition of life; to think from the outset that we |j
are born to labor. The child is instructed and made |l
to know that if he wants anything done within the ji
compass of his own ability, he must do it for him- l
self. He is encouraged to effort, and compelled, if >:
need be, to make it. Labor becomes habit. jj
I have said, sir, that, in the free-labor States owj
this Union, even the littte children are required to II
I labor according to their intellectual ability and
physical strength. Even from its cradle it is put
to work. It is aroused from its morning slumbers
to be greeted by the smiles of a kind mother, and
is encouraged to make the effort to do for itself
what it may be able to do. It is not, to be sure,
furnished with the heavy tools, the drills and ham-
mers, pieks and gads, of the miner, and sent to sink
shafts in trap rock or limestone, in search of cop-
per ore; it is not furnished with a spade and wind-
lass, rope and tub, and sent away to sink its shaft
in clay diggings, in search of lead mineral. No,
sir; but, its morning bath and wardrobe attended
to, and its breakfast finished, it has its working
tools, consisting of some simple books carefully
arranged in a little satchel, wrought all over with
pictures of birds and butterflies and flowers, in gay
colors, by the hand of a kind sister. Thus
equipped, it is sent away to the village school, to
work—to woik. It begins to sink its shaft down
into its own intellect; it sinks on and on, deeper
and deeper. Encouraged by its success, it per-
severes, until, by and by, it brings up to view, and
for the use of mankind, treasures infinitely more
valuable than the gold from the mines ofMexieo,
or Peru, or California—"ems njore brilliant than
ever sparkled upon the brow of queens, or blazed
in the halls of royalty.
The powers of the mind, like the muscles of the
body, must be trained and disciplined to vigorous,
energetic, persevering effort, if they are to exhibit
their full strength; and these are some of the results
which we are justified in expecting from those
whose early condition itnposes upon them the
necessity of early intellectual and physical labor.
- It shall be my purpose, during the little time
allotted to me by the rules of this House, to speak
on the subject of slavery as connected with the
political affairs of the country, regarding it merely
in a political view, without attempting to discuss
the question generally in its moral aspects. Upon
this subject 1 desire to premise a few things, in
order that I may be fully understood.
In the first place, I must say that I do not assent,
to the fullest extent, to the charge which is some-
times made against the South with reference to the
amount of physical suffering inflicted upon the
African race. I do not believe that the slaves of
the southern States are commonly subjected to
those extreme physical sufferings so often aith-med
by the opposers of slavery. I cannot- believe it.
Havingnever been taught to look upon all men as
demons, I cannot think that there is, on the face of
the earth, in any part of the Christain world,
certainly not in this our own beloved country, any
considerable number of persons devoid of every
feeling of human sympathy. Considering theeariy
and intimate relation that must necessarily subsist
between the master and his slaves, I am constrained
to believe that there must be a great deal ot just
sympathy felt by the superior for his inferior..
There may be, and undoubtedly are, many excep-
tions. But I cannot doubt that, wherever a slave-
holder exercises unreasonable severity towards his
bond people—wherever he withholds trom them
reasonable necessary supplies for their physical
comforts, or overtasks their physical strength—he
is censured as severely, and his course condemned
as heartily, by his brother slaveholders as he would
be by the most ardent advocates of freedom.
But there is another point upon which I rest my
chief objection to the institution, and-that is, that
thecondition of the slave is absolutely and irretriev-
ably fixed. There are no means of improvement
left to -the slave; he has no power—no hope of
moral or intelleetuafelevation.
In the nothern States of this Union there is no
man so poor that he is without this hope, either
for himself or his children. However broken and j
dilapidated the cabin that imperfectly shelters him;
however meager the stock of provisions on hand
to supply-the daily wants of himself and family;
however scanty their wardrobes, still he has the
cheering consciousness that he is- a freeman. He
has a bright and confident hope of better days for
himself or for his children. There is nothing in
the laws of the land where he lives to bind him
down, and his children after him, to a condition of
hopeless degradation.' There is the village school-
house hard by his dwelling. His children have
equal privileges with those of the wealthiest. They
associate on terms of perfect equality in the school-
room; and often, quite often, is it that the son ot
the daughter of the poorest parents in the district
stand at the head of the school for scientific attain-
ment; they return home with the highest reward
of merit from the teacher. Think you that the
father or mother, as they gaze upon the gay and
happy faces of their children, while those children
exhibit the evidences of their triumphs at the school,
stop to think of their awn poverty, or yield to any
despondency? No, sir. They are sustained by a
bright, a cheering, a confident hope. They would
not exchange or barter that hope of a,bright future
for their children for any earthly consideration.
To the laboring slave population there is no such
hope, either for the generation that now is, or for
the long succession of generations that are to come
in all future time. •
Now, the great question before the country is,
whether it be expedient for Congress to extend this
institution of slavery into the territories recently
acquired from Mexico? I am aware of the charge
which has been made, insisted iipon, and urged,
reiterated here and elsewhere, in public speeches,
and public documents, and papers of every class
in the slave interest, that the North were constantly
trespassing upon the South, because they would
not consent to 'the passage of laws making more
secure the right of the slaveholder to his property.
I undertake to say that, for the last fifty years of the
history of this Government, this great slavery ques.
tion has been the very center and focus of all our
political action; the focal pointaround which every
great national interest has revolved.
I might illustrate by a comparison with the
movements of tfie planets in their orbits around the
natural sun. The figure of speech would not be
quite accurate and appropriate, because, when we
speak of the natural sun, we convey to, the mind
the idea of light and heat, warmth and life-giving
energy throughout theentire sphere of its influence;
while that central point of our .political action is as
black and as dark as Egyptian darkness; as cold,
and heartless, and unsympathizingas the icebergs
that roll in the Arctic Ocean.
I must ask the indulgence of the committee for
a few moments, while I refer to the introduction
of slavery into this continent. During the same
year that the Pilgrim Fathers of New England
were escaping from the oppressions that had been
inflicted upon them in the Old World; while they
were buffeting the waves of the Atlantic, in a frail
water craft, in pursuit of a land where they could
be free to study their Bibles and worship God ac-
cording to the dictates of their own consciences;
in that same year (1620) a Dutch ship, also found
its way across the Atlantic, put into the mouth of
James river, having on board some three or four-
and-twenty Africans, who were brought to be sold
into slavery. Such was the beginning of slavery
in this country. The trade was soon monopolized
by the English, and they continued to prosecute
it with great vigor, it proving a convenient traffic
to enable the mother country to extort the sub-
stance of the colonists. England was pursuing
towards the colonies a system of policy by which
she was enabled to convert to her own advantage
the commercial value of all the labor of the coun-
try. To her it was a matter of perfect indifferenee
what the kind of labor was; whether free "or slave,
its beneficial results all inured to her profit.
Slaves were brought rapidly into the country.
Influenced partly by climate, but much more by
the peculiar characteristics of the settlers of the
northern and southern provinces, much the greater
number of slaves were taken to the southern.
The northern people were a laboring people; they
shrunk not from the most severe trials and depri-
vations; encountering a rigorous climate, a barren
granite soil, and patiently .bending to the hardest
labor to sustain themselves and enjoy only their
religious freedom. Their reliance was upon
their own manly efforts. They did not look to
others to do their work for them, that they might,
indulge in unproductive indolence. As a conse-
quence of this state of things,'there were but few
slaves taken into the northern provinces.
Let me here direct the attention of the committee*
to the political condition of the Colonies for a series
of year3 preceding the Revolution.^ The old
thirteen Colonies were communities with interests
separate and distinct from each other. There was
no bond of union between them. They were each
