1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
193
30th Cong.,.,.2d Sess.
Slavery in the Territories—Mr. Wilson.
New Series Wo. IS.
organized under its own royal charter, and the
policy of England was to keep them as far as pos-
sible ftom formtng any alliances, qr becoming
mutually dependent upon, or serviceable to, each
other, by the free, unrestricted interchange of com-
mercial commodities. This system of policy was
rigidly enforced upon the Colonies by the mother
country, until it became so oppressive that they
separated themselves from the power of England;
threw off the yoke of oppression; in 1776 declared
themselves independent. In this act the old thir-
teen Colonies, or rather the people of the old thirteen
Colonies, became "one united people," instead of
thirteen separate provinces of the Crown ofEngland.
In the Declaration of Independence they had first
proclaimed to the world the great political truth of
the equality of man, and his endowment by God
with certain inalienable rights, among which are
his right to " life, liberty, and the pursuit of hap-
piness." This Declaration was issued while the
country was subjected to the severe, the agonizing
trials of civil war. Jtwas to be maintained by the
rigorous, unflinching prosecution of that war; and
for six years the people of the Colonies did main-
tain themselves gloriously, and came triumphantly
out of it. The pressure of that war keptthe people
united. They fought in the common cause. All
their energies were united against the common
enemy. They never once stopped to consider the
difficulties and troubles which would beset them
on every hand, whenever they should come to the
trial of managing the affairs of Government in time
of peace. In 1783 the war was terminated, and it
was not till then they saw clearly the embarrass-
ments which beset them m the government of the
country in its new position.
They had no government. Then came the
greatest trial of the patriots of the country. It
was then that this question of slavery first presented
itself, with its various conflicting interests, to annoy,
perplex, and thwart them in their attempts to form
a government of adequate strength and power, to
answer all the requisite purposes of government.
The people of the United Colonies had solemnly
declared that all men are created equal; were en-
dowed by nature with certain inalienable rights,
among which were life and liberty; and they couid
not safely renounce the principles of that declara-
tion when they came to form a national compact.
This question of slavery, then intruding itself
upon their councils, led the great men of the na-
tioni if not absolutely to renounce it, at least to
disregard it, and prompted them to make the at-
tempt to form a government by Articles of Con-
federation, based upon a contract or agreement of
"thirteen independent sovereignties." It was the
existence of slavery in the southern States that led
them into that fatal error, lying at the foundation
of the Articles of Confederation, of "each State
retaining its sovereignty." Those articles looked
to the power of the Stales as sovereign, overlook-
ing and disregarding the. paramount truth that
sovereignty resided in the people. There was a
jealousy at the South, where there were, a great
number of slaves, that if the several States sur- (
rendered their separate sovereignty to the General ;
Government, the time would come when the great j
wrong of slavery, existing as it did in violation of j
natural risjht, would be corrected by that General
Government. Prom the experience derived during
the time intervening between the years 1783 and
1787, it was found that the National Government
could not be administered under the Articles of
Confederation: a Constitution for the United States
was requisite. I must ask the attention of the j
committee while I examine, very briefly, some of J
the circumstances connected with the formation of :
the Constitution of the United States. |
And first, it is worthy of remark, that among ;
all the great men of the nation of that period, there
was not one who claimed to be, or who could
properly be charged with being, a perpetualist upon
the subject of slavery. No, sir; not one, from
any part of the Union. 7'he universal sentiment
of the men of that age was against it; openly and
distinctly expressed, against it. The fathers and
founders of the Republic of that day were ardently
looking forward to the time when "this should be-
come a great country, with a numerous population j
of industrious, prosperous, intelligent freemen; a i
time, and that not far distant, when there would
be an «nd of slaveiy. Upon the most diligent •
13
search, 1 have been unable to find that there was
a single man, of distinguished reputation and ap-
proved patriotism, among all those who met in the
Convention to form the National Constitution, of
whom it could be justly said that he was a perpet-
ualist.
To sustain my view on this point, f first refer
to the opinions of Thomas Jefferson. To that dis-
tinguished man was assigned the duty of draught-
ing the Declaration of Independence. The great
leading idea of that wonderful document is em-
phatically anti-slavery. It maintains the equality
of all men, and the possession, by all men, of
certain " inalienable rights," among which are " life,
liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." Can any-
thing go beyond this? Is it possible to find lan-
guage that can more distinctly pronounce the !
condemnation of slavery than that used in the .
Declaration of Independence? I think not. !
Again, in the original draught of the Declaration i
of Independence, as drawn up by Mr. Jefferson,
among other reasons which a due respect for the
opinions of mankind rendered proper to be as-
signed for dissolving the political connection trst
had previously existed between these States and
the Kingdom of Great Britain, he places the (bl-
owing as a charge against King George HI.:
"He lias waged cruel war human nature itself,
violating i(s most sacred nights of life and liberty m the n'-'r- '
son« of a distant people, who never offended him; capti-
vating and carrying ihe/n into slavery in another hemisphere, ■
or to incur miserable death in their transportation thither.
I This piratical wmfare, the opprobrium of mfidH Power?, is '
1 the warfare of the Christian Kins of G>'eat BnUm. Deler-
i mined to keep a market wheie men-should he bought and j
1 sold, he ha« prostituted hi* negative for suppreyoMj every
J legislative attempt to prohibit or to restrain this execrable
commerce." !
j This charge, it is true, was stricken out of the
j Declaration before it was adopted by the Conti-
i nental Congress. It was too cle?r and forcible in
| its language to suit the taste of some gentlemen.
i No matter for that. Jefferron wrote it; he reported
i it. It expresses his opinion as entertained at the
time, and will so remain forever.
Still again, Mr.*JefTerson, in his Notes on Vir-
ginia, written about 1783 or J84, expresses, in. the
; most full, clear, and unreserved manner, his opin-
' ions upon the character and influences of slavery
! on society. He calls it a system of unmitigated
i tyranny, and he deprecates its power upon the
I character of the young who are re?red up to man-
. hood under its baleful influence. In 17S4 the sub-
. ject of organizing some kind of government for
, that great region of country northwest of the Ohio
| was under consideration. Mr. Jefferson proposed
, the famous aiticle that "slavery, or involuntary
' servitude, should not exist therein, except as a
e punishment for crime, of which the party should
< have been duly convicted." j'
This all preceded the famous ordinance of 1787, ''
in which that article is included, and which finally '
was adopted, and which was subsequently recog- ,
nized under the Constitution. I look upon Mr. 1
Jefferson as the author of the article subsequently ,
incorporated into the ordinance of 1787.
Mark you, Mr. Chairman, these opinions of,,
Mr. Jefferson wete the outburstings of his first love n
for free institutions and republican government,
unalloyed, unbiased, pure, and sincere Let it not M
be said, then, that Mr. Jeffeison, in the early stages ■
of our political history, was a perpetualist. I have
been careful in my researches into the early records .
and documents existing, and which could throw ;
any light upon these matters; I have hunted up the ■
famous Mecklenburg Declaration; I have examined jt
the proceedings of the Congress under the Articles '■
of Confederation, and proceedings of the Conven- ;[
tion for the formation of the Constitution; and I !:
verily believe I am right in assigning to Mr. Jeffer-
son the authorship of the sentiments expressed by jj
him in the documents above referred to. Were I
to write a history of American slavery, I should be j;
constrained, in all honesty and truth, to say, that ,1
Mr. Jefferson was entitled to the crcait of first jj
publicly expressing anti-slavery .sentiments in this j;
country; that he was the prime originator of the (j
anti-slavery movement. [|
I am aware, Mr. Chairman, that in after life, jj
Mr. Jefferson's opinions underwent some change; j.
I am not surprised that it should ha^e been so. *
The cautious, sagacious, wslypohllcian found other
opinions than those of the ardent, sincere, self-
sacrificing young patriot to subserve his purposes
and aspirations better. It could not escape the far-
seeing mind of such a man as Jefferson, that the
institution of slavery was one of those peculiarly
constructed machines which the politician could
I readily turn to good account; that by it a kind of
II galvanic chain was constructed, connecting the
heart-strings with the purse-strings of every slave-
bolder in the country; that by the working of this
- political telegraph, it affected, through the nervous
;j fluid, the brain of the whole slaveholding comrciu-
'I nity. It was an engine of mighty political power
jj m the hand of a skillful, sagacious operator. Mr.
lj Jefferson undoubtedly saw how important it was
to him, and he could not forego its use. T?ut, sir,
ij he had strewn upon the earth the seminal piinciple
of a great truth; he had advertised the world of
l the true -character of the slave trade and slavery;
j that truth had taken deep root; it was sending forth
! a vigorous growth, refreshing pnd invigorating,
i! over the whole country; even Mr. Jefferson him-
j self, had he desired to destroy it, cQuld not accom-
j piish his purpose. He, and others in the same
i interest, might scathe its foliage with fire—might
| cut, and hack, and mar, and lop off its branches;
although the axe might be laid at its trunk, and
1 girdled around its entire circumference—yea, aU
; though men might strike at its roots with 'plough
and spade, and attempt to root it from the earth,
'j .still it could not be destro3red; for the truth was
1 there; its roots were firmly fixed, and it would
! spiout again, strong, vigorous, and fresh, in spite
j of every assault that might be made upon it; it
I was destined to remain as indcsiructible as the
; great truths that lay at the foundation of the throne
| of the Deity.
; I must be allowed to refer the comm'ttee, in sup-
"-port of my allegation that there were no perpetual-
1 ists in the Convention assembled to form the Con-
: stitution, to the Madison Papers, pr^es 1J37,1263,
j 1447. I must refer to the letters of Wcishmgton;
to the speeches of Gouverneur Morris, Wilson, of
Pennsylvania, and Dawes and others, in El-sot'*
Debates; and also to the famous speech of Luther
Martin, of Maryland.
I am to speak by and by of the propriety of ex-
tending slavery to the new territories, and I must
beg of the committee to carry along with them ihi<*
fact in mind, that ihtre were no perpeiaalists atnong -
the fathers of the Constitnticn.
The early patiiots of the land, seeing the neces-
sity of an organized national government, the
Convention came together for the purpose of form-
ing a constitution for the United States. The ne-
cessity was imperative. The public safety required
1 it; and it was required as well, in order to pro-
1 vide the means of paying the public debt, as to
j provide for the common defence and general wel-
1 fare. The Convention came together clothed with
1 the sovereign power of the people. They assumed
' to speak for the people, and to make an instrument
which should depend upon the authority of u We,
1 the people," for its vitahtv. Now, s r, mark the
, date of this Convention, 1767. Let the members
; of this committee ask themselves, for what was
, that Convention to form a constitution? Forte-hat?
, Clearly the Convention was to form a constitution
■ for the United States. Now, what was ihe United
■ States m 1787?
! Were i to go to your State cf Fioii-la, Mr.
Chairman, and were I to be so far charmed by the
beauty of the country and the salubrity of the cli-
m?te as to entertain the, design of st.uhng there,
and I should begin to talk v:Uft you about pur-
chasing a farm, we would first trjr to ascertain its
j boundaries; we would try to raise the surveyor's
I monuments, his section corners and his quarter
; section posts, his mounds or his marked trees; we
. would ascertain by chain and compass the quantity
j of land contained m the farm. As our negotiation or
1 treaty of bargain and sale progressed, we shouM
' adopt and use, invariably, the definite mode of
expression; w** should speak of the fan.i, •quo. our
conversation would be definite and intelligible.
Apply this plain, common-sense view of the sub-
ject to the case which I am considering, viz: the
assembling of a convention to form a constitution
for the United Slalts, as the Umtcd States was
then, in the year of our Lord 1787. Cm anything
be clearer? To ascertain what then constifiUed
the United States, it was only necessary to refer to
the treaty with England of 1783. There we find
what was the United States; what everybody mu-dt
