APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 17,
30th Cong....2d Sess.
The Coast Survey—Mr, Benton.
Senate.
at liberty to abuse the trust; not at libertj to em-
barrass or encumber the estate; not at liberty to
permit it to deteriorate in value; not to send upon
it by order, or to permit a trespass upon it by his
negligence, the blighting curse of the slave institu-
tion.
I hold that Congress is bound to take care of
the territories, and so execute the trust as will best
promote the permanent interest of those who may
•hereafter be entitled to the beneficial use. As a
member of this Congress, I feel that I sustain a
part of that responsibility, and it is my desire to
aequi( myself worthily in meeting it. I desire so
to acquit myself that my own conscience will not
upbraid me, and that, when I shall pass away, no
reproach shall fall upon me, or my children after
me, for my acts here upon this momentous ques- j
tion. I have, sir, an only son, no w a little fellow, |
whom some of this committee may have seen '
here. Think you, that when I am gone, and he j
shall grow up to manhood, and shall come forward ]
to act his part among the citizens of the country,
I wdl leave it to be cast in his teeth, as a reproach,
that his father voted to send slavery into those
territories? No; oh, no! I look reverently up to
the Father of us all, and fervently implore of Him
to spare that child that r«proach. May God for-
bid it!
Sir, let Congress give to those territories free
institutions and equal and just laws—institutions
and laws that will improve, enlighten, educate, and
elevate those who are now there, those who may
hereafter go there, and the generations that may
bo born there in all after time. Those are the in-
stitutions and laws, and those only, that I am
willing to be instrumental in sending into that
comparatively new country.
I have said that it is characteristic. of the slave
power to accomplish all its political purposes in
this Government. I,must now say that I think
the power and influence of slavery over the action
of Congress is impaired, if not entirely gone. I
make this declaration, not because I have any con-
fidence in the politicians of the day. l\To, sir; I
have none whatever. The politicians are just as
ready now to betray their constituents as they
ever have been. I am sorry to say there is evi-
dence enough of this. My confidence is in the
people. They have taken the matter into their
own hands; they have biought themselves into
order of battle and line, without the word of com-
mand from any political leader. There they stand,
villi front rank and rear rank, and rank of file-
closers, in position, with bayonets at a charge.
They have spoken to their Representatives in a
voice of thunder, and warned tliem against aban-
doning their interests. They have bid them do it t
at,their peril. The constituencies have challenged
their Representatives to betray their tiusts, and
skulk, and retreat upon them, if they dared. And,
eir, the constituencies have spoken "upon honor."
They are determined, and will execute their pur-
poses.
There was a time when, if the slave power had
any'special work to bo done, and wanted a north-
ern man to do it, they hunted him up from New
Hampshire; little, unfortunate Seip Hampshire
was called upon to furnish the scavenger to do the
dirty^ work. That day, thank God, has gone by,
and it will not come again very soon.
The reform has been the work of the people
themselves. Politicians have had little to do with
it. 1 think they rather resisted it; but the people
triumphed, and the work is well done. If I do
not misjudge, it is universally so throughout the
whole extent of the northern States, from the Pas-
samaquoddy bay to the head tvaters of the Des
Moines river.
i was surprised to hear the declarations made
the other day by the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Thompson] upon this subject. I was almost led
to infer, fiom his remarks, that in Indiana the
people went with the slave power in its measures, ,
and that the free labor of that noble, thriving, en- (I
terprifeing State, was leady to surrender all its
interests to the supervisory care and tender mer-
cies of the southern politicians. On inquiry from
Other sources, I learn that it is not quite so; and
it 1 am not mistaken, when that gentleman conies
to explain thepositions taken in his recent speech
to the free laboring people of his district, he will
be met by difficulties hard to overcome.
The North are not disposed to trespass or inter-
fere with the rights of the South. Where slavery
exists within the States, and recognized by the
Constitution of the United States, the northern
people claim no right to interfere with it by any
political action of this Government. The people
ask no action by Congress on the subject of sla-
very within the States. But gentlemen need not
ask me for my vote to extend the institution of
slavery one single inch beyond its present bound-
aries. Did 1 say an «ic/i, Mr. Chairman? Aye,
I would not extend if one-sixteen-thousandth part
of a hair's breadth. I would not extend it, be-
cause it would be doing an irretrievable wrong
to my fellow-man; because it would be doing ir-
reparable wrong to those territories for which we
are now to legislate; because it would be doing
violence to nature and to nature's God; and be-
cause it would be a wicked and wanton betrayal
of the trust confided to me by the free, intelligent
constituency which has done me the honor to send
me here.
It shall not be in the power of any man to shake
a menacing finger at me, and look me in the face
with a gibe of contempt, and say to me in the
insulting language of a former representative from
Virginia, [Mr. Randolph,] " we have conquered
you, and we will conquer you again; we have not
conquered you by the black slaves of the South,
but by the white slaves of the North." No, sir,
that remark shall never apply to me. Gentlemen
need not talk to me, or attempt to frighten me, by
threats of the dissolution of the Union. Sir, I do
not permit myself to talk or even think about the
dissolution of the Union; very few northern men
do. We all look upon such a thing as impossible.
But, sir, if the alternative should be presented to
me of .the extension of slavery or the dissolution
of the Union, I would say, rather than extend sla-
very, let the Union, aye, the universe itself, be
dissolved ! Never, never will I raise my hand or
my voice to give a vote by which slavery can or
may be extended. As God is my judge, I cannot,
I will not, be moved from the purpose I have now
announced.
The difficulties which surround us, springing from
this question of slavery, are the natural result of
the different character of the labor of the two dis-
tricts of country. In the free States of this Union
labor stands upon a different footing from what it
does in any other part of the world. There, labor
is an independent agent. It works when it pleases,
for whom it pleases, where it pleases, at what it
pleases, and makes its own teims and conditions.
■The laboring man stands upon his own rights. He
chaffers freely with his employer how he shall be
fed, furnished, lodged, and what sort of specific
conveniences for his labor shall be furnished to
him. In that free country, when a man wishes to
employ a laborer, the parties, the employer and
the employed, stand upon a perfect equality the
one with the other. The employer states what he
wants done, and asks of the laborer if he can do it.
If he gets an affirmative answer, the price per day,
week, month, or year is talked of and agreed upon.
The laborer does not pull off his hat to his em-
ployer, but stands on a perfect equality with him;
and when they both come to the ballot-box, there
again there is perfect equality. The one has just
as good a vote as the other.
Is there such a labor in any other part of the
world? I venture to assert that there is not. Is
there such an enviable condition of labor to be 1
found in our own country, south of Mason and \
Dixon's line? Let us look a moment and see how ;
it is there. The gentleman at the South, if he i
wants anything done which requires manual labor, ;
throws himself down upon his lounge or his easy
chair, in his office or study,, and, without any dis- t
turbance or consultation from or with anybody,
considers of the matter he wants accomplished. ■
He has no bargains to make, no disagreeable
chaffering with a laboring man about prices of labor
per day, or week, or month, or year, and board
and lodging, &c. Nothing of all this. When he
has properly considered his object, and the force ;
necessary to accomplish it, he considers how much
it will cost him to purchase the requisite weight of
human bones and muscles, wrapt upin black skins, : ■
to do his work. He asks no consent of the laborer. >
He judges what board and lodging and conve- I
mences are necessary to b® furnished to the laborer. !J
'The laboier has nothing to say about all that.
, There is an obvious, a maiked difference between
i the labor of the North and the South. Every la-
! borer at the North (and northern men are almost
; all laborers) is a free man; he has a vote, and sus-
tains his just share of the sovereignty. The great
mass' of the laboring men at the South are slaves,
and have,individually, no shareof the sovereignty;
the master has three-fifths of it for them.
Compare the'labor m our free States with the
condition of labor in France, England, Germany,
Russia, or any other part of the eastern continent.
You will find that labor there, instead of being
the free, independent agent it is here in our free ■"
Slates, is substantially a dependent agent—the
: mere subject of arbitrary power. It has no alter-
' native htit to work or to starve. Such has never
been the degraded condition of labor in our free
States, and, by the blessing of God, I hope it never
may he. It cannot be, if the free laboring people
understand their rights. That free labor is be-
coming tired of the control of the slave power of
the South, a power which is constantly exerting
itself to prostrate the just political influence of tl e
free laboring portion of the country, and to check,
restrain, and embarrass that free labor in its efforts
to attain a high degree of industrial prosperity.
! Mr. Chairman, I have but very imperfectly ac-
| complished the duty I had assigned myself on this
! momentous question; but I am admonished that
| the pendulum of the clock is upon its last vibra-
f tion of the hour allotted to me. I have made up
i the record of this day's work of my life, imperfect
I I know. But I am willing it should be unrolled
• and read by the whole people whom I have the
j honor to represent; I am willing it should be read
; by the people of this great country; above all, I
I am willing it should be unrolled and read by,the
| light of Eternity, in the presence of the assembled
universe, and to abide the decree of the Omnipo-
j tent Judge upon the record.
the coast sugvey.
DEBATE IN THE SENATE,
Saturday, February 17, 1849.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, having pro-
ceeded to the consideration ot the bin making appropriations
.for the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30,1850—
coast survey.
Mr. Benton moved to strike out the clause
appropriating §186,000 for defraying the expenses
of the Coast Survey, including compensation to the
Superintendent and his Assistants, and to insertin
lieu thereof the following:
For survey of the coast of the United States the sum of
| /K&O.OOO; and from and after the 39th (Jay of June, 3349, the
said survey shall he earned on e.\elusiwiv by the Wr.jDe-
paitinent, under the direction of the President of the United
: Slates.
; Mr. BENTON said: The principle of the amend-
; mcnt is to employ the navy exclusively in carry-
ing on the coast survey, after the expiration of the
; present fiscal year. The year will teiminate the
] 30th of June next, and jjl65,000 was appropriated
; at the last session to defray the expenses of the
1 survey until that time. If the amendment pre-
1 vails, the persons in civil life now engaged in the
! survey will cease to be employed after the 30th of
j June next, but the survey itself will not cease. It
will go on by the navy, and at little expense, aa
the navy is now under pay, and will only need a
small additional sum for the extra work and ex-
penses which the survey will involve. The sum
of £,30,000 is named in the amendment to meet the
expense for a year of this extia work; but it is
named at a guess, subject to be made more or
less, according to information, but believed to be
enough, as all the persons and all the vessels to be
employed in the survey are already under pay,
ami nothing will be wanting but a small sum to
meet extra expenses. Far from stopping the work,
the amendment provides for its continuance; and
by turning the unrestricted force of the navy upon
it, it is expected to go on much faster.
The coast survey dates from the year 1807, when
the first act of Congress for that purpose was
passed; it is carried on now under an act of 1832.
That act refers to the act of 1807—revives it, and
