1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
197
30th Cong 2i> Sess.
The Coast Survey—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
gives it effect. The first section of it is in these, i
words: * ;
"That for carrying into effect the act entitled c An act to i
provide lor surging the coi^ts of the United States' ap- !
proved on the 10th day of February, 18)7, theie shall be, i
and hereby is, appropriated a sum not exceeding twenty ■
thousand dollars, to be paid out of -tnj money in the treas- !
ury not otherwise appropriated, and the said act is Iietcb5' |
revived, and shall be deemed to provide lor the survey of i
the coasts of Florida, in the same manner as if the same had !
been named therein." [
The terms of this section are material and poten- !
tial, as showing that nothing was added to the act ]
of 1807—that the design was to revive it and en- I
force it. It declares the object of the revival, and '
the next section shows the means by which the re-
vived act was to be carried into effect. It is in these
words:
•" Sec. '2. That the President of the United Stttes be, and
lie is hereby authorized, in and about the execution ot the
said act, to use all maps, charts books, instruments, and
apparatus which now or hereafter may belong to the United
States, and employ all persons in the land or naval service
<*t the United States, ana such astronomers and other persons
as he sh«Ul deem ptoper : Piovided, That nothing ui tins act,
or the act hereby revived, shall he construed to authonze
the construction or maintenance of a permanent astronomical
observatory."
These were the means for executing the revived
act—an authority vested in the President to turn
over to the coast survey al! maps, charts, books,
instruments, and apparatus which belonged to the
United States; secondly, to employ all persons in
the land or naval service of the United States; ;
third, to employ astronomers, or other persons, as
far as he should deem proper; with h proviso against |
the establishment or maintenance of a permanent
observatory. These were the means for executing
t-he revived act of 1807; and we will now see what \
that act was. It is in these words:
" That the President of the United States shall be, and he
iiereby is amhouzed and requested to cause a sutvey to he
taken of the coasts of the United States, in which ?.hall he
designated the islands and shoal-?, with the roads or place*
of anchorage, within twenty leaiues ol an v part of the shores
ot the United States; and also the respective courses and
•distances between the principal capesor headlands-, together
with such other matters as he may deem proper for com-
pleting an accurate, chait of every part of the coasts within
the extent afoiesaid.
"Sac. Q That it shall be lawful for the Piesidentof the
United States to cause such examinations and observations
to be made with respect to St. Geou?e7s hank, and any other
bank or "shoal, and the soundinss and ciurents beyond the
distance aforesaid to the Gulf stream, as m his opinion may
be especially subseivient to the commercial interests of the
Unm d States.
" Sec. 3. That the President of the United States shall be,
and he is hereby, authorized and icquested, for any of the
purposes aforesaid, to cause proper and intelligent persons
to be employed, and also such of the public vessels, in ac-
tual service, as he may judge expedient, and to yive such
instructions for regulating their conduct as to him" may ap-
pear proper according to tlie tenor of tins act." ( rtnd upjno-
pnalcs ^50,000.)
This is the act of 1807, and the means of exe-
cuting it. The object of it, a survey of the coasts
and islands, shoals and harbors, capes and head-
lands, within twenty leagues of the coast, for the
safety of commerce and navigation; and the means
to be the public vessels of the United States, (of
course with their crews,) and such other proper
and intelligent persons as the President should
think proper to employ.
. The object is plain and obvious: it is to provide
for the safety'of commerce, and rests upon .the
same principle as the improvement of our large
rivers and lakes. The coast survey, as author- j
szed by the act of 1807, and the reviving act of |
1832, is only of internal improvement, and the law j
which justifies the survey of the coasts also justi- j
fies the improvement of the lakes and rivers.
^ From this view of the acts of 1807 and 3 832, it
is evident that the intention was to survey the
coasts for the benefit of commerce and navigation
—that the public ships and naval officers were to ;
be employed in it—and that other persons, charac- |
terized as intelligent in the act of 1807, and named j
as astronomers in 1832, were to be employed,
over and above the military and naval forces.
In the year 1818 an act was passed repealing so j
much of the act of 1807 as authorized the employ- ,
ment of persons from civil life in the coast survey,
and confining that work expressly to the army and ■
navy. The act says : " That so much of the act
of 1807 as authorizes the employment of other
persons in the coast survey than the persons be-
longing to the army and navy, shall be repealed."
This repealing act remained in force until 1832,
when authority was given to the President again
to employ persons fiom civil life, namely, an as-
tronomer and others, with a prohibition" against
an observatory. This act of 1832 authorized the
President to employ all persons in the army and
navy in this survey, and then gave them an as-
tronomer. We who were contemporary with the
act know that Mr. Hassler was the astronomer
intended, and he well deserved the honorable dis-
tinction for his gieat science, his long and close
connection with the coast survey, the order and
system which he had given it, and his own excel-
lent character. The astronomer was to be Mr.
Hassler, and the astronomer he was ; and on as-
suming his duties he entered into a written con-
tract with the Secretaiyof the Treasury, which
was a revival of his contract under the act of 1816,
and becomes of the highest moment heie, as being
the construction of the act of 1807, both before
and after the reviving act of 1832. I will read
some clauses from his contiact, and afterwauls
make application of them to show how widely the i
present conduct of the coast survey has departed i
from what the law made it:
" Mr, lliv siei engages to bestow all his time, labor, and i
attention t*i the woiL ot the survey, as well as to makt h\tu- ;
!>elt me i et eral lm^e trKingulatiou, and tile eon><'Ou<'iit eal- |
filiations, as to «-uperintend and direct the establishment 1
of the observatories, and the officers of engineers or naval
officers, who will by engaged under his oidei.-, in the detail
parts ot the woik, and give them proper instructions to that !
efleet, according to the plan proposed by him, on the 15th of j
May, 1816. It io understood th.it the work shall not be ear- :
ried on in the form of a bureau or office; but that Mr. ;
Ila.-sler himself, as w<ll as the officers under lits direction, I
shall execute such woik as devolves upon them, or aie or-
(hneil to them in the field." u It is to be understood that Mr. I
Ila.-sler will continue hi.-- services in the construction oft
weights and measure-* for the custom houses, as lar as may 1
be compatible with his duius m the io,ht suivty, without |
any other compensation than what is allowed Un the coast j
suivey." j
This is the contract, as signed both in 18ifi and I
in 1832, and it shows what the " intelligent" per- 1
son under the act of 1807, and the " astronomer" j
"under the act of 1832, was to do, and what he was .
not to do. In the first place, he was to do the ,
work of an astronomer in the field; he was to do '
the work personally, and was himself personally
to make the general large triarigulation, and the j
consequent calculations. Then,he was to super-
intend and direct the establishment of the observa- |
tories, (mere little tempoiary erections in Hie field,) j
and to superintend and direct the officers ot engi- i
necrs, and the naval officers, who should be placed ;
under his oiders, and give them instructions for
the detail of their work. In the next place, he was
not to carry on his work in the form of an office
or bureau, but he and his officers were to work in
the field. And, besides, Mr. Hassler was t6 con-
tinue his care over the pieparation of the weights
and measures without additional charge. These
are three most material stipulations, and exactly
agree with the idea of the law in providing for an
astronomer to go with our officers into the field, j
work with them, superintend their work in the field, '
and then make his own calculations. This is the i
way the act was understood and acted upon in Mr. ]
Hassler's time. How is it now? 1 presume we
have a bureau and an office! 1 presume we have
a superintendent, presiding, not over the details
of the work in the field, but over a system in an
office! 1 presume the present superintendent does
not do the work of the astronomer in the field, and
that he has compensation for attending to weights i
and measures, as well as to the survey. If this is ;
so; if the present superintendent has a buieau and
an office; if he is superintending a system m the ^
closetj instead of workers in the field, it is a total ,
departure from the acts of Congress, both upon
their words, and upon the constiuctiun put upon j
them by the contracts of 18i6-1832. I speak of J
the acts of Congress, not of the clauses put into
the appropriation bills, where, by altering a single j
word, and m a case where it might, escape all ob- j
servation, not only a whole law, but a system is ■
sometimes overturned. Thus it happens in this >
case. The appropriation bill of 1844—and it may j
have done so previously—drops the word '• astron- •,
cme?," and substitutes "superintendentand this j
may be supposed to legitimate the dropping of the
duties of the astronomer, and establishing a gen-
eral superintendence of a system in a closet. But
I do not admit that a word slipped unobservedly
into an appropriation bill is to alter the act of Con-
gress on which that appropriation is founded. The
appropriation clause is in these words:
" For survey of the coasts of the United States, including
compensation to the superintendent and 'isbhlants, {$80,09$ i
Provided) That officers o! the army and navy shall, as far aa
practicable, he employed in the work, whenever and In the
manner required by the Department having charge thereof."
This is the appropriation clause of the bill of
1844, and it makes three alterations not found in
the acts of Congress upon which they are founded.
It substitutes superintendent for astronomer, intro-
duces " assistants,'' and places the whole army
and navy under the Treasury Department. In
the acts of Congress it was the President always
who was to direct what officers of the army and
navy, and what public vessels, were to go into the
coast survey: and that was right; for the President
is the head of the army and navy. But here they
are put under the department—that is to say, under
the Secretary of the Treasury; and this authority
extends to the whole, and they are required to be
used as far as practicable. And it is the design
of my amendment to carry out that practicability, *
by having the whole work done by the navy,
i under the direction of the President, ft is very
j practicable for them (the navy) to do the whole
j work, as I shall show#m the proper place. At
; piesent I quote this appropriation clause of 1844—
I there may be others of the same kntd—to show
j that words are in it not found in the law s on which
■ the appropriation is founded; and that these words
are all encroachments and variations, having the
effect, perhaps, of legitimating, sub silenlio, the
departure from those acts.
We will now spe what the coast survey is actu-
ally engaged in, and proposes to engage in, and to
what a vast distance it has traveled from the act®
which authorized it. in a semi-official publication
made at Cincinnati we read as follows:
"The laws of emigres*, under which the coast suivey is
at prevent oiganiz<'d, loibid the election and outfit of a Na-
tional Observatory. 'Cut legislation cannot .liter or diminish
the demand^ ol science. The coast survey being thus far-
bidden to build an ohservntoiy propei, does the next best
thing, and engages the a-*i*tanve ot'the local observatories
: tlnoughout the country. Already senes ot observations are
I made for this purpose at Cambridge, Nantucket, Philaiief-
j plna, and Chaileston, on the Atlantic; and, recently, they
1 have been commenced atCinemnaii "
S Here is a very neat and clear declaration, and as
1 cool as it is clear and neat. Congress having for-
i bid the coast survey to establish or to maintain a
| permanent observatory, then the coast survey will
j go into connection with all the local observatories of
I the Union. And for what purpose? Not to sur-
vey the coasts, but to survey the country, and the
heavens to boot—in fact, to do the exact business
of a permanent National Observatory! We all
remember the assaults upon Mr. Adams for the
light-houses of the skies, and the denial of their
constitutionality; and we have just seen the pro-
hibition of an observatory in the very act reviving
the law for the coast survey,-and authorizing an
astronomer for it. But the wants of science, it
seems, are above law, and, therefore, the coast
survey will be above law, and will do what it was
forbid to do, not by having one observatory,
but all I Sii, the object of the'prohibition was not
against brick and mortar—not against the stone
and timber which built the observatory—but
against the business of it—against permitting this
coast survey to engage in the work and business
of a National Observatory.
Listen to another account of the business in which
( the coast survey is engaged, and see how exactly
! it is employed m the peculiar work of an observ-
' atory—that of determining the differences of longi-
! tudes and latitudes over the earth's surface. It i«
in tin official report to the House of Representa-
■ tives, and is thus heralded in.Ex. Doc. No. 21, of
; the present session:
! Elcctro-Ma netic Teleg) ciph—Astronomical Observations.
1 Letter of the Secretary of the Treasuiy, communicating a
lenort by the Superintendent of the Coast Suivey, on an
i application of the gaJvan.e e.rcuit to an astronoimca. clock
1 and telegraphic register in detrimining local differente& of
longitude, and in astronomical observations general.y.
fJauuary 6,1819.—Laid upon the wbh' and mdced to be
punted, together with 1,000 extia eopics, 2.>U ot which lor
the Superintendent of the Coast Stirvoj.]
Treasury Department, January 3, 1849.
Sir: I have the honor to tran-mit, loi-the intounaiion of
the Houdo of Representatives a report fsoia the Superin-
tendent of the Coa^t 3urve\. Piofc-t-oi A. L> Bache.« ninmu-
nicatmg the jeport of the assistant chataed withti kyraph
operations for longitude, oil an application of Uie galvanic
circuit m connection with an astronomical clock aud tele-
