198
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. IT,
SOth'Cong 2d Sess.
The Coast Survey—Mr. JBenton.
Senate.
graph register, to determining and registering tlie instant of
fhe occurrence of any astronomical phenomena. As Jfris
application « of importance, not oniy in tlie coast survey
operations, but to practical astronomy generally, I have
deemed-it best to make special report of it to the House of
Representatives, that it may thus obtain dae publicity.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
R. J. WALKER,
Secretary of the Treasury.
To the Hon. Tl, C. Winthhop,
Speaker of ike House oj Representatives.
The document goes on to show that Dr. Locke,
of Cincinnati", is the inventor of the magnetic clock
and telegraphic register of which mention is here
made; and 1 have another document showing that
the National Observatory proper, of this city,
availed itself of the same discovery of Dr. Locke
for the proper business of an observatory, so that
we have two observatories—one proper, and one
improper—one authorized by law, and the other
forbid by Jaw—both doing- the same thing, in the
same city. It is the letter of Lieutenant Tvlaury,
of the Observatory, to the Secretary of the Navy,
asking leave to purchase one of these magnetic
clocks for the use of the National Observatory.
The letter pays so just a tribute to the invention
of Dr. Locke, and is itself so clear and beautiful
in style—such a model of simplicity and perspicu-
ity, and of scientific description—that I will read
more of it than the occasion* absolutely demands.
I will readmit all, while the occasion would only
require to show that the National Observatory is
very properly availing itself of Dr. Locke's dis-
covery.
National Obsfrvatory,
Washington, January 5, 1849.
Sir: 1 have the honor of making known to you a nio=t
impoitant diseoveiy lor astronomy, wnieh has been made
by I}r. Locke, ofOiiio, and of asking autiionty horn jou to
avail myself of it for the use and puipo^es ot tins Obstiva-
tory.
The di>covery consists in the invention of a <l magnetic
clock," by means oi' which seconds of time mav be divvied
into hundredths with as much aceuiaey and precision as
the machno>t, with rule and compass-, can subdivide ap
inch ot'fpace.
Nor do its powers ond here. They'are such that the
astronomei in Ne.w Oileans, St. kouis, Boston, and of every
other place which the magnetic telegraph reaches, may
make hi? observation, and at thb same moment eausc this
clock, here in Washington, to .record the mutant with won-
derful piecision.
Thu-s the astronomer in Boston observes the transit of <i
star as it ftit>' through the field of his in irument, and crosses
the meridian of that place. Instead of looking at a clock
"hefore him, and noting time m the usual way, he touches a
key, and the clock here subdivides his seconds to the mi-
nutest fraction, and records the time with uneiring accu-
racy.
The astronomer in Washington waits for the .same Mar to
cross his met i'iian; and as it doe-;, i)i Locke'.- magnetic
Hock is again tombed : it divide* the seconds, and recoids
the time for bun with equal precision.
The diffeience between tbe-e two times is the longitude
ofBo^on from the meridian of Wa>liiri«ton.
The astronomeis m New Orleans and rft Loins, and every
other plate within the u-aeh of tin; magnetic ufte-,mav wai't
for the same star; and it come* to their meridian", they
have but to touch a key, and ,-traightvvay the cenlial'mag-
netic clock tells thPir longitnde.
And thus tins problem, which ha* vexed astronomers and
navigators, and peiplexed the world lor ages, is leducerl at
once, by American ingenuity, to a form and method the
most fimple and accurate.
While the pi oeess is so much simplified, the results are j
greatly refined, [n one night the longitude may now be de- !
termined with fat more accuracy liv means of the magnetic ;
telegraph and clock, than it can'byjeai* of observation i
according to any other method that has ever been tried. j
It is, therefore, well entitled to be called a moat important i
discovery 5 ami it belongs to that class of achievements by !
which the mn t beautiful and enduring monuments aie erect- j
ed to national honor and greatness. It i.t a national triumph ; '
and my feelings of professi<?nai pride will not allow me to ;
piss 11 by without calling >our attention to the garland that
has been hung about it by the navy.
To the navy belongs the houoi of having first applied the
magnetic telegraph to the determination of longitude. Five
or six yeats ago, Captain Wilkes, ot the navy, used it for
deieimimrig the difference ol longitude between this city
and Baltimore. This was the first time it had been applied
to such a purpose; and itAvas a great improvement upon
the methods which, up ro that time, had been u-ed for find-
ing the longitude, for it reduced the results down to the accu-
racy with winch the time yetween the ticks of the second-
hand could be measured on the face of the clock by the eve
and ear. J
And thus the honor of being the first to convert the mag-
netic telegraph into an astronomical instrument, and thai,
too, into one of great practical value and importance, was
secured by one of its ofheersto the Ameiican navy. Though
the eriors of the problem weie greatly reduced by this dis-
covery, there were, bowevei. «mall sources of error still
remaining, and it was Jeff for Dr J,'>cke. formerly an officer
ot the navy also, to device a means of eliminating them so
conipkKiy tiMi now there is toaroe a -'trace" left in the
S rr aie tl,ey frorn <*°ubtand unrei lainiy. The ;
fftdetermined with 1>. Locke'*
ciou, is brpugnt within such narrow limits, that if, while I
the astronomer in St. Louis, or elsewhere, were operating
with the magnetic clock here tor his longitude, the observer
111 Washington were to wove from one instrument to an-
other m this building, the fact that he had moved would be
made known at once, and whether he had moved to the east
or the west would be told by the clock, and appear 111 the
resulting longitude.
Dr. Locke was formerly a member of the medical corps
of the navy, and, as such, spent a poition of his early man-
hood and prune years of his life at sea. It is, therefore, not
surprising that sailors should be^uic/o to lay hold of the prob-
lem of longitude through any improved meant, that maj be
offeied for irs solution. Every one can see the importance
of accurate determinations of longitude, but sailors both see
and/e«/ H.
In his letter to me describing his clock, and giving an ac-
count of its performance, Dr. Locke kindly ofters to put up
one at this Observatory.
ft would be of incalculable service and advantage. It
would increase the accuracy of results arid greatly multiply
them in numbers. With this clock, onr observer could do
more and better work than two can now. An iliustiation
of the value of sue li a clock just now ocems. I am wiiting
at night; the .-ky is very clear, and it is the first fan night
for observations that we have iiad this* year. The wind is
very high, and the obscrveis have just come m tosaj'shey
cannot bear the clock on account oi the wind, and therefore
they cannot obseive. Now, it is not neee&saiy to iiear or
even to see the magnetic clock; and, had we one, we could
work quUc as well m windy as in calm weather.
While, therefore, one of Dr/Locke's^magnetic clocks
would he of such value to the Observatory, it would, with-
out at all interfeung with that value, be of incalculable ad-
van-tag*} to the public generally; for where\ ei iri any part of
the comiiiy thf-re is a transit instrument and a line of vvnes,
this clock may be used by the observer at that instrument,
not only for rccoidmg his observations, but also for deter-
mining his longitude fiom the capital of the country; ond
thus it would, without cost or trouble, enable the National
Ob>ei vatory to perloim a most important pari of its appro-
pnate dntie>, and a most acceptable service to the woiid, 111
peiiecting the geography of the countiy,and in affoiding so
manj well determined points of depaituie lor the Uaveler,
the surveyor, and the navigatou llespectlully, &c.,
M. F. MAtJKT, Lieut. U. S. F.
Hon. John Y. Mason, Secretary of the Navy. j
Thus the coast survey is encroaching upon the j
business of the National Observatory, and actually |
chiyging itself with the peculiar and eminent object j
of an observatory—that of engaging in astionomi- 1
cal observations generally, and with the determi-
nation of the differences of latitudes and longitudes'
particularly. But this is not all. It has a latge
mission in abstract science to fulfill, which is thus
stated in a semi-official publication—the publication
of Lieutenant DaVis, of the United States navy—
and which, I presume, may be considered as good
as official. This is an extract: j
" Tn abstract science it ha1? nho it«? mission,equally useful j
and distinguished. It is to contribute a part of the means
by which the iriegularly elliptical form 01 the earth may be
satisfactorily d<itcimined, the vaiiations in local gravitation,
then causes, and thence the internal structuce ot the eailh
be made known, and the phenomena of terrestrial magnet-
ism be explained. It will illustrate the astronomical problem
jj of the tides. Ifss numerous mtfeorological recoids will also
11 conrnbute to a belter knowledge of the climates of the Uni-
■ l tvd Stales, and 01 the nature and action of meteouc stoims,
rj and thus bo of seivice to the farmer as well as the navi-
'! gator."
11 it also goes into geodesy, as if the survey of the
whole surface of our part of the continent had also
!] become the mission of this coast survey. The
j) same publication of Lieutenant Davis says: j
j; " The science of gcodetics presciibes the principles upon i
jj which a smvey of an extended legion should he conducted. 1
! j In the oidinary operations ol land survej nig. the surveyor is '
|j penmtted to regard his field of work a^ a plane suiface; but !
| the engineer who is to construct a map of a whole counti v,
i: or of a long line ol continuous seacoast. must take into con-
siderauon the spheroidal figuie of the earth, and present an !
exact delineation of that pai t of the spheroid upon winch he
is employed. This necessity controls the processes u^cd i
in computation, and the plan of projection upon which the
, detailed ic^ults are given, whether it be called a map or";
i chait. Both the projection and the formul© for computation 1
, involve the highei mathematics, and require an acquaintance '
! with the most advanced state of the niatheinaueo-physical i
| sciences.5' - j
' It also seeing to charge itself with furnishing the ;
data necessary to the defence of the coasts, as well ■
, as to their navigation—also data for local and gen- j
I eral improvements—and data for maps of States !
! through which ihe surveys pass. All this we learn j;
' from Lieutenant Davis, thus: f
: " It is now understood that t!ie aim of the coast survey is :'
! tofmnisii Willi the utmost attainable accuracy,arid in a con- i
, nectedand uniform manner, all the geographical, topcraplii- !
| cal, and hydrographical dala that can be made in any way !
ufceitil to tile navigation and dejence of the coast. And Jt is i
also supposed that, in collecting these data, information will
; be accumulated that may become serviceable in £U""e: tin'' •'
and directing local and general inipiovemenh; suclTas the if
placing and constructing ofhght-houses, beacons, buoys &<• • j
the means-ol iniprovirig channel* ; the cffcetolcontemplated' 1
constructions upon harbors and tidal dfposites;thesuuable
ne«9 of a submerged soil for budding, &c And it k pre-
sumed that those States thioiigh which the survey p'i<>e 
ill, soonei or later, avail themselves of the. bsse it is able
to supp)}, to form a correct geographical map of their own
territory, under circumstances very favoi able to economy
and accuracy. These are the practical benefit*, either direct
or incidental, confeued by the coast survey."
Such seems to be the present and prospective
mission of the coast survey, Ar>d now whence is*
derived alHhis power? Not from the acts of 1807
and 1832; "not from any act of Congress; not from
the Constitution of the United States—an instru-
ment which never contemplated the establishment
of a college for the sciences in the Treasury De-
paitment, or any other department of this Govern-
ment.
My object, Mr. President, is to return the coast
survey to what the law directed K to be, and to
confine its execution, after the 30th of June next,
to the Navy Department. We have now, both by
law and m fact, a bureau for the purpose—that of
Ordnance and Hydrography—and to the hydro-
graphical section of this bureau properly belongs
the execution of the coast survey. It is thfe very
business of hydrography; and in Great Britain,
from whom we borrow the idea of this bureau, the
hydrographer, always a naval officer, and ope-
rating wholly with naval forces, is charged with
the whole business of the coast survey of that
great empire. One hydrogropher, and with only
ten vessels until lately, conducts the whole survey
of coasts under the laws of that empire—surveys
not confined to the British Isles^ but to the British
possessions in the four quarters of the globe—and
not merely to their own possessions, but to the
coasts of all countries with which they have.com-
merce, or expect war, and of which they have not
reliable charts—even to China and the island of
Borneo. Rear Admiral Beaufort is now the hy-
drographer, and has been for twenty years; and
he has no civil astronomer to do the work for
him, or any civil superintendent to overlook and
direct him. But he has somebody to overlook him,
and those who know what they are about—name-
ly, the Lords of the Admiralty—and something
more besides—namely, the House, of Commons,
through Us select committees—and by which the
whole work of this hydrographer is most carefully
overlooked, and every survey brought to the test
of law and expediency in its inception, and of
economy and speed in its execution. I have now
before me one of the examinations of this hydrog-
mpher before a select committee of the House of
Commons, made only last year, and which shows
that the British House of Commons holds its hy-
drographer to the track of the law—confines him
to his proper business—and that proper business
is precisely the work which is required by our
acts of 1807 and 1832. Here is the volume which
contains, among other things, the examination of
Rear Admiral Beaufort, (showing a huge folio of
more than a thousand pages.) i tlo not mean to
read it. I merely produce it to show that, m
Great Britain, the hydrographer, a naval officer,
I; is charged with the whole business of the coast
I suivey, and executes it exclusively with the men
: and ships of the navy; and having produced it
| for this purpose, I read a single question from it, not
for the sake of the answer, but for the sake of the
facts m the question. It relate? to the number of
assistants reiained by the Rear Admiral, hnd the
late increase in their number. The question is in
j these words:
j "In 1834 and 183 > ynu had three assistant"—one at three
pounds a week, and two at two guineas a u eek. now j ou
have live assistant^—one at four pounds a wetk, ihice at
, three pounds, and one at thice guineas. wkvluts this in-
; crease been made ? 
Theanswer was, that these assistants had to live
in London,-where living was dear, and that they
had^ to do much work—for example, had piinted
61,631 charts the year before. I pass over the an-
swer for the sake of the question, and the facts of
the question, and to contrast them with something
in our own coast survey. The question was, why
he had increased the number of the assistants from
three to five, and the compensation of the principal
one from about $800. to about §1,000, and of the
otheis from about $600 to about ^800 a year? And
turning to our Blue Book, under the head of coast
survey, I find the numberof the assistantsof oursu-
perimendent rather more than three, or five, and
their salaries rather more than six, or eightsor even
