1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
201
30th Cong 2d Sess.
The Coast Survey—Mr. Pearce.
Senate.
the " Princeton Review," written by Professor
Henry, one of the most distinguished savans of
this or any other country:
  Connected with the pnmaryt rianguiation a series of as-
tronomical observations are made fur ascertaining the lati-
tude and longitude of the principal points, the re&ultof which
niay serve to check the tnanguianori, and establish on the
chart the parallels ot latitude and meridians of longitude.
Such a survey is susceptible .of great accuracy, and pos-
sesses within itself the data for its own verification." "It
might appear at first fight that the process here described
is one ol no gioat dilhculty of execution, and that it may be
safely trusted to men ot ordinary scientific acquirements,
&c.."but nothing can he further from the huth."
Sir, a minute error in your base line—a small
mistake in any of your primary observations—
propagates and multiplies itself throughout the
whole extent'of a work of this sort.
So that the astronomical observations which, it
has been supposed, might convert the coast survey
into a permanent national observatory, are nothing
mure than the necessary instruments for giving
precision and value to the result of the suiveys
made in the prosecution of this work. This is
well known. It is the practice in every civilized i
country under heaven, where any attempt has been |
made to execute a grand work like this. The great ;
survey of England is both trigonometrical and as-
tronomical. So is the great survey of France.
So are those of Wurtemburg, of Prussia, of Rus-
sia, of Italy, and other countries, many of which
have been executed with extraordinary fidelity
and accuracy, but not one of which is superior, in
any respect, to that in which we are now engaged.
We have improved upon their means in sqpte par-
ticulars, and our surveys are inferior in accuracy,
completeness of detail, and economy of perform-
ance, to none in the world. A National Observa-
tory has grown up here since the passage of the
act of 1832, but it has grown up under different
auspices from those of the coast survey. It has
been legally established by an act of Congress, by
the cooperation of the two branches of the legisla-
tive and the executive, and it has no connection
with the coast survey. If, at any time, an obsei*-
auon has been made at the National Observatory
for the benefit of the coast survey, it has been but
a proper and incidental contribution from that
establishment towards the accomplishment of this
great national work. Sir, I venture to say that it
never entered the mind of Mr. Bache or Mr. Hass-
ler that, in prosecuting those observations abso-
lutely necessary to the success of the undertaking
in which they were engaged, they were running
in conflict with any act of Congress requiring that
the coast survey should not establish a permanent
astronomical observatory. The superintendent of
the coast survey would have been disgraced as a
scientific man, and a faithless public servant, if he
had omitted to give accuracy, precision, and value
to his work, by such indispensable and well-known
means as are and must be employed in all works
of this character.
But to return to the manner ic which these oper-
ations are conducted. After the main triangula-
tions and the secondary and tertiary triangulations,
comes the topography, which delineates the coun-
try for a few miles inland. Mr. Hassler carried
it much further inland than Mr. Bache has done.
That was partly owing, however, to the fact of
the great difference in the character of the country
upon which the two oificeis were engaged. Mr.
Hassler was occupied chiefly with the hilly regions
of theNoith, where there were many prominent
natural objects, far inland, which furnished the
best points for his triangulations. His observa-
tions were, therefore, necessarily carried further
into the interior than those of Mr. Bache, who, be-
sides a considerable amount of work at the Noitn,
has been much occupied with the southern por-
tions of our country, where the land is lower and
more level, and where Mr. Hassler never carried
his operations.
"While, then, they are making this primary
triangulation, this secondary triangulation, which
is subsidiary to the former, and this tertiary trian-
gulation, to assist in the completion and verification
of the whole, they might just as well make a topo-
graphical mao of the country. They might have
omitted that,'to be sure; but I think that it was
discretionary with the President to include this
work, since, while engaged in the coast survey, it
would make buta very little addition to the expense
to make a topographical map of the coast, instead
of a mere skeleton map of the different stations an'd
triangulations. Besides, an important part of this
topography is to furnish the shore line necessary
to the hydrography of the coast. It is byascertain-
ing the precise position, as to latitude and longitude,
of all the points upon the coast, that you arrive atan
accurate delineation of the shore lines upon that
coast. That is not all. The hydrography cannot
be ascertained with any precision without the aid
of shore operations. It is necessary to make trian-
gulations with points upon the coast, with which to
connect the points off the coast, in order to mark
down and describe the soundings. The system of
triangulation is just as necessary, in order to enable
you to delineate upon a map the character of the
surface of the earth under the ocean, as to enable
you to delineate the objects upon the surface of the
earth upon the shore; so that trigonometucal and
astronomical observations aie absolutely necessary
for this survey, and are, in fact, the basis ot it.
Sir, we have had detached surveys, made at
different times, of different parts of the coast—
hydrogiaphical surveys; and 1 venture to say not
a single one of them has been accurate, but most
of them have been in the highest degree inaccurate.
1 know this to be a fact. I know, for example,
that the iiydrographical surveys off New Bedtord
and Buzzard's xiay have been exceedingly incorrect,
and that by the operation of this precise system
under which the coast survey has been prosecuted,
we have discovered the greatest dangers to naviga-
tion lying directly in the track of vessels on their
way to that port—a port which owns three hundred
whale ships. Dangerous sunken rocks, with but
five feet water on them, have been discovered lying
almost directly in the channel. The discovery of
these sunken rocks by the coast survey may, in the
course of time, save to this country more than the
whole expense of the coast survey. A great
deal has been saved by this discovery to citizens,
and a great deal to the Government, for the Gov-
ernment very often loses more duties by the wreck
of vessels m one year than the whole ot the annual
expense of the coast survey.
To ascertain and delineate the topography of
the surface underneath the waters, to some dis-
tance from the shore, with the same precision
with which you describe the surface of the shore,
is a very important matter, sir. Navigation can-
not be secure without it. The navigator who ap-
proaches your coast in thick weather, or in a cloudy
night, when he cannot take observations ot the
heavens, and when too far out to see the lights,
must depend upon his soundings for his position.
Various modes have been pursued to furnish the
character of the bottom, not only in the bays and
sounds, but Upon the sea, near the shore, and as
far out as the sounding line can ordinarily reach.
The common method is by means of a greased
leadj which brings up a specimen of the deposites
on the bottom.* These are accurately examined
and described; and their character and depth, and
their relations to points on the shore, which have
been previously determined by scientific observa-
tions, are carefully marked on the charts.
It is desirable, then, to give not only the topog-
raphy of the shore, but also the exact character
or topography of the bottom of the sea on our
coast within reach of soundings. Thus, and thus
only, can navigation be made safe.
Now, sir, the results of that coast survey have
already been of extreme value. The discovery of
a deej) and direct channel over the outer bais of
the harbor of New York, never befoie used or
known, has proved of immense importance to the
commerce o.f that great commercial city. It has
earned the gratitude of the merchants of that city,
and elicited testimonials of the highest appioba-
tion from the chamber of commerce and other
public bodies. The navigation of Delaware bay
has been vastly improved by it. A new straight
channel, parallel to the old one, has been *°und in
this bay, better sheltered from floating ice. ihiee
channels were found over what are called the Cape
May Ridges, which will be vastly serviceable to
the coasting vessels of the coal trade a business
which sends from Philadelphia, annually,
thousand cargoes of coal to various parts of the
^ A valuable invention ot Lieutenant Steihvagen, of_te
United States navy, by me.ui> of which specimens ot the
bottom are brought up m suilicient quantities ior pie erva-
tion, is used on tiiexjoast suivey.
coast. The whole form of the bottom of the bay
has been ascertained to have been inaccurately
given heretofore. Some dangerous shoals—on
which wrecks have frequently taken place—have
been discovered to be miles out of place on the
old maps. Other supposed ones are shown not to
exist. The width of the bay has been found to
be less at certain points than heretofore described,
by several miles, and the position of important
points has been corrected. In the case of a light-
house, the error was some six or seven miles*
For example, the position of the light-house at
Bombay Hook, on the lower part of the bay, in
a neighborhood noted for ,the number of vessels
grounded there, has been found to have been erro-
neously assigned on the old charts by a distance
of six or seven miles
Off the shores of Nantucket a number of shoals
have been discovered by Lieutenant Davis, and
have since been surveyed, which were whuHy un-
known before. They he directly in the track of
vessels from New York to Europe, from all the
southern coast to several of the New England
States, and from these latter to the West Indies,
and are and will continue to be very serious dan-
gers to navigation until the mariner shall be warned
from them by proper beacons or other means.
Very great improvements have also been made
in the navigation of Chesapeake bay. Many dan-
gerous shoals have been discovered, by these pre-
cise operations, in that hay, which were never
before known to exist; and who can tell what
amount of property, and how many valuable lives
might have been swallowed up in that bay but for
these discoveries? Great and similar improve-
ments have been made also in the navigation of
Long Island sound, Massachusetts bay, &c. New
channels have been discovered, and hidden dan-
gers not before known have been pointed out.
These are some of the direct and practical ben-
efits resulting from the operations of the coast sur-
vey, which will soon be extended to all the coasts
of the United States. No such benefits, I venture
to say, #could have resulted, or ever will result,
from a system different from that which we are
now pursuing. One important feature of this sys-
tem—one which has been successfully carried out
in the progress of its investigations—is the union
of the officers of the army and navy and of civil-
ians for the better prosecution of the work.
Officers of the navy are now exclusively em-
ployed in the hydrography. They have not been
unceremoniously set aside, nor have they been
thrust out of employment for which they were fit.
They are the only men who have been employed
in the hydrographical department of the coast sur-
vey. Officers of the army have been employed
on the shore work when they could be obtained,
and both have rendered excellent service in this
combined system of operations. Only three of the
army, I think, are now employed upon the survey.
Prior to the war with Mexico eleven of them were
so employed. Applications are now pending, as
I know, for more of them to be employed in the
same service. The combination of army and navy
officers and civilians is precisely the mode of all
foreign countries, except Great Britain.
In Great Britain the trigonometrical survey is
confined to the ordnance branch of the military
service. That is not exactly such a survey as
ours. It is a geodetic survey of the whole king-
dom, and the hydrographical part is comparatively
limited, and is, besides, not intended, I believe, to
be complete and continuous, as ours will be. The
surveys of that description are detached—particu-
lar parts of the coast only being surveyed and
delineated, in which respect it resembles the great
survey of France.
The great object of the English survey is to de-
scribe the whole interior of the kingdom. I do not
know how many officers there may be employed
in this, or how many vessels they may engage.
Their hydrographical operations are by no means
so extensive as those of the United States. They
have no such extent of coast, sir, as-we have—a
coast of 30,000 miles, exclusive of our new posses-
sions on the Pacific coast; and we have innumer-
able livers, besides the bays and sounds. When
1 say 30,000 miles, I mean tocount the sinuosities,
of course. That is the estimate. We have a vastly
more extended coast than that of Great Britain.
There is a great deal more to be done. Besides, a
