802
appendix to the congressional globe.
[Feb. 17,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
The.Coast Survey—Mr. Pearce.
Senate.
great deal of their coast is unapproachable, and
they survey only such portions as may be ap-
proached, They began in 1783, with an intention
to connect by trigonometrical observations the Ob-
servatory at Greenwich with thai at Paris. In 1791
the Government undertook a general survey under
the direction of their Board of Ordnance. "W e know
how abundantly liberal their appropriations have
" been,-and yet-, sir, that service is going on to this
day, and is not likely to be completed for some
time to come. It has cost money far beyond any-
thing which the coast survey of the United States
has cost. They have appropriated more than
seven millions of dollars, exclusive of other large
sums spent m the gerferal hydrographical opera-
tions, to which the Senator has alluded, m the
fifty-eight years during which it has been in prog-
ress. Since 1825, the annual appropriations have
varied from §250,000 to §500,000 per an num.* Ho*
many officers they employ 1 do not know, but 1
know that they have a corps of sappers, amounting
to three hundied and fifteen men, specially organ-
ized for the service. And it is well known that the
military service of Gr.eat Britain is organized upon
so large a scale that they have much greater range
of selection than we have among the much larger
number of scientific officers in their army.
Besides the seven millions already expended, the
appropriations necessary to complete their survey
have been reported at about §1,500,000; so that to
finish it they will require a sum equal to the whole
amount.already expended by us 111 our coast survey;
and it will be remembered that these additional
demands are necessary to complete a plan which
has been in operation for fifty-eight years.
We have already, in seventeen years, accom-
plished a large part of our coast survey; much of
the primary and oth(?r triangulatlons of the topo-
graphy and hydrography—not all of it connected, to
Ue sure; but upon the scale of appropriation asked
for, the whole may be completed in fifteen years.
Plans have been adopted by the present super-
intendent to prosecute the work more rapidly. He
has divided the whole Atlantic and Gulf coast into
nine sections, and parties are at woik on all these
sections, in eighteen different States of the Union.
Though the work on these different sections will
be separately conducted, the whole will finally be
connected, so as to form one continuous series of
observations and surveys, and to make the work
a unit. The work in one part will verify that in
another, and a general, minute, and accurate sur-
vey of our whole coast will be the result.
.Now, sir, the expenses of this coast survey, so
far, have been, 1 believe, about a million and a half I
of dollars; of which, the sum expended 111 Mr.
Hassler's time was ^7GG,000, and that in Mr.
Bache's time $579,000. Mr. Bache now has on
hand nearly $150,000, in vessels, instruments,
equipments, engraving apparatus, &c., and, de-
ducting the cost of such of these as were' pur-
Hassler's reconnoissances in twelve years covered
18,103 square miles. Mr. Bache's m five years
cover 22,544 square miles.
Mr, Hassler's triangulation m twelve years
covered 14,4S3 square miles. Mr. Bache's ex-
tended over an area of 19,309 square miles. 1 he
hydrography in Mr. Hassler's time spread over
an area of9,632 square miles, a little more than halt
of which was offshore; thatof Mr. Bache coveted
15,086 square miles,'of which three-fourths was
otF-shoie work. ,,
Mr. Hassler's soundings were 808,147. Mr.
Bache's 950,202. Mr. Hasslerfe engraved plates
of maps were five; Mr. Bache's twenty-four. JNone
were published by Mr. Hassler; but twenty-one
have been published by Mr. Bache, and 7,678
printed sheets of maps have been distributed in his
time, and not one during Mr. Hassler's.
cation is pending before the Secretary of War for
moie officers of the army for this very service.
Now, sir, the Senator stated that there wpre
thuteen vessels employed in our coast survey,
whereas theie were only ten employed in the Brit-
ish hydrography.
Mr. BENTON. Before a certain day.
! Mr. PEARCE. Be it so. Now, sir, these thir-
j teen vessels—are they an excess or not ? That is
| the question. As I said before, we have the coast
I divided into nine different sections, in which the
| work is all going on at the same time. It is ne-
i cessary to have a considerable immber-of vessels
' to carry on all these operations in the different
j sections, and execute the work properly and effi-
! ciently. They are not, only necessary for the
! hydrographie part of the work, but it i* necessary
to have small vessels connected with the service for
chased during his superintendence froiri the gross ;| matteis not of themselves indispensable
  L.. eSfift nnn tU m umrV P.IU whn will vpntnrp. fn nhier.f fn t.h
sum spent by him, we have about $500,000 as the ]
aggregate expehditure for a! 1 other purposes during !
his five years. For this sum he has accomplished .
more than was done with much larger expenditure j
in Mr. Hassler's time. j
Now, sir, it is very true that the appropriations ;
have been increased largely Since Mr. Has-sler
commcnced the woik, but u is equally true that ;! this will subject the army and navy to the com
the results- have increased in a much larger
portion, and that greater accuracy as well as rapid-
ity of execution is demonstrable.
I take no notice of the work done prior to the
suspension of the survey in 1819, because that was
very little in amount. But 1 compare the work
done by Mr. Hassler from 1832 to 1844 with that
done by Mr. Cache from 1844 to 1849. Mr.
**ilistract of the aggregate amovnt -paid in each year, on ac-
> count of the surety of counties and the tn^0u07iiclru:al sur-
reijs, snicc the year 1832 up to January, 1847.
Ytar. |
Total.
Year.
Total.
lB32-'33i
£ s. d. :
£ s. d.
a.m IT 3 .
1840-M1
83,<i39 4 11$
383U-'34i
4V>23 14 2
1841-^2
84,365 11 11
1*34- 35';
50,856 5 7
]842-'43
93.147 11
1835-'36 j
50,404 14 o \
77[m 9 1
lsae-'STj
66,447 4 9 i
1844-M5
65,428 2 4
1837-'38!
80,149 16 6 j
lfc45-'46
57,311 19 5*
7S>,918 4 o
Up to January,
I83y~M0'
79,6^1 8 0* !
1*47 
44,155 13
The compai ison continues the same throughout i the topographical and triangulating part.es. Some
■■ ' ■ .... -a.— , of those vessels are so employed to my own cer-
■ tain knowledge, for 1 have seen them m the Ches-
i apeake bay. They are used not merely for the
; purpose of carrying on the hydrographical opera-
! turns, but to furnish lodgings for officers and men.
in the sickly regions it would not be safe for the
parties to sleep in tents upon the marshy shotes.
It is the experience which the officers of the coast
survey have had in this which induced them to ask
, for these vessels. They obtained them,'and they
1 do not camp on shore by night; they do not sleep
i on those low shores, subject to the nuasma and
' the vapors, but on board of their vessels. They
j found t^is to be not only more healthful, but very
, economical. Besides, in thinly settled parts of the
: coast they must carryall their supplies in this way;
; and, indeed, the vessels are necessary sometimes
; to carry them from one point to another, where a
j passage is only practicable by water.
i Now, sir, in regard to the vessels obtained, and
the circumstances under which they have been
obtained. Some of these vessels have been turned
over to them from the revenue service. A steam
\^sel, for instance, was built several years ago,
at great expense, without authority of Congress.
Gentlemen will remember the complaint of this in
Mr. Tyler's time—the passage of a bill to prevent
it in future, which was vetoed by the President,
and passed, in spite of his veto, by two-thirds of
both Houses. Two of these vessels, one of which
cost $120,000, were found utterly unfit for the use
of the navy or revenue service. This vessel was
not fast enough for a revenue cutter, and WrtS vast-
ly jmo re expensive than sailing vessels, and was
not a good seaboat. When one of them returned
from Mexico to New Orleans, it was advertised to
be sold at auction, and $3,000 only was bid for it.
The officer having charge of it would not complete
the sale at that price, and informed the Secretary
of the Treasury, who directed it to be converted
into a light-boat. Another steamer, liable to the
| same objections, was transferred by the department
! to the coast survey. As the operations of the coast
| survey do not require very rapid movements, nor
oblige vessels to put out far to sea, tins vessel
| answers her present purpose pretty well. Such
: has been the case with another one.
! The Senator says that the additional expense of
! this little fleet, not charged to the coast survey, is
| about £210,000 per annum—making the proposed
! expense of the next year about ^400,000. But
; this is a mistake. These vessels are sailed of
: steamed out of the coast survey appropriation.
i The men of ail but those used in the hydrography
! are also paid from the same fund. The officers
| and men of seven of them are furnished by fhe
! navy; and the Secretary of that depaitment, m a
report recently sent in, states that their whole ex-
pense for five years is $193,000, or at the rate of
£38,600 per year. So tfiat the Senator's calcula-
tion is entirely at fault.
' Now, it is asked that an appropriation should
be made at the rate of ^id(>,000 per annum, and
that is thought to be enonnous. Well, it is cer-
tainly larger than the amount appiopriated in
Mr. Hassler's time, which in his last year was
$100,000. The Senate will recollect that we are
increasing the force. In fact, you are getting the
Navy. It depends upon them, and not upon the j' work done sooner, better, and cheaper, by making
Secretary of the Treasury, whether those officers i appropriations to have it carried on upon a proper
shall be ordered into the service of the coast survey i scale. The plan, progress, and economy of the
or not. It is so with the men; it is so with the ■ coast survey have received the approval of every
vessels of the navy. At this very time an appli- il scientific man of any note m the country, and of
almost all the items of the tabular statement from
which I draw this information.
The only particular m which Mr. Hassler's
work exceeds that of JMr. Bache are in the amount
of topography and shore lure, and the number of
original topographical maps. It will be observed
that the amount of Mr. Bache's topography is,
m.pr&portion to the time employed, larger than
Mr. Hassler's. It is absolutely less, because Mr.
Bache designedly reduced the amount—not consid-
ering it necessary to prosecute these surveys so far
inland, and because, in this way, the expense
might be lessened: of course the number of ori-
ginal maps would be necessarily less. The shore
line, of which I now speak, is that which includes
the rivers, as well as the sea, bay,and sound coa3t;
and it will be perceived that the amount of this
under Mr. Bache, is two-fifths of the whole, al-
though his time is less than one-third of the whole
time.
Thus it appears that the work done by Mr.
Hassler was far more limited in Us amount than
that performed by Mr. Bache. 1 do not say this
as a matter of reproach to Mr. Hassler; far from
it. He had the difficulties of the early organiza-
tion to surmount, and, during the first half of
his superintendence, smaller annual appropriations
were made 5y Congress. He had also to educate
for the service some of these very persons who
now seek to destroy the progress and prosperity
of the woik. But I wish to show, that while the
appropriations have been increased when Mr.
Bache has had the superintendence, the work
which has been done has mcieased in a gieater
proportion. The work is advancing much more
satisfactonly, and will accomplish much sooner its
great objeet—that is, the security of the commerce
and lives of the citizens of the United States. Al-
most all discoveries in science are so connected
that it is scaicely possible to prosecute the neces-
sary operations of the coast survey without ad-
vancing, incidentally, the interests of science on
" to the
work. But who will venture to object to that when
this grand object*is accomplished? The further
expense will be a mere nothing; and when it is in
the powSr of the President to allow it or disallow
it, he must of course be supposed to have allowed
it if he has not expressly disapproved.
The Senator from Missouri seems to think that
maud of the Treasury Department instead of the
j President of the United States; that it would sub-
. ject, and had subjected, the army and navy to the
I command of the Secretary of the Treasury. Why,
; I apprehend that the Secretary of War never
| dreamed of any such results. 1 venture to say
j theie is not a single instance in which any officer
of the army or navy has been subjected to the
command of the Secretiny of the Tieasury by
virtue of the introduction of these words into the
act to which the Senator has referred. The Secre-
tary of the Treasury has never dreamed of taking
any authority into his hands over the army or navy
of the United States on account of this phrase. He
has never called upon one of them to do any service
connected with this survey, without the express
assent and direction of the Secretaries of War and
