204
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 19,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
The Coast Survey—Mr. Jefferson Davis.
Senate.
ments which would be required for geometrical
survey, for the survey of the shore, with its indent-
ations, as well as of the ocean near the shores.
AM, sir, tnis would appear from the instructions
contained in the circular letter of Mr. Gallatin.
He says:
*41. The ascertainment, by a series of astronomical ob-
servations, of the true position of a few remarkable points on
th« coagt, and some of the light-houses, placed on the prin-
cipal capesoratthe entrance of the principal harbors." * x *
" 2. A trigonometrical survey of the coast betwpen those
points of which the position shall have been astronomically
asceitained, in the execution of which survey the position
of every distinguishable permanent object should be carefully
designated." ******
"3. A nautical survey of the shoals and soundings of the
coast, of which the trigonometrical survey of the coa.-«t itself,
and the ascertained position of the light-houses and oilier
distinguishable objects would be the bases." * * *
Now, it seems to me that the Senator from Mis-
souri, in speaking of the object of this survey,
only includes one part, and that the part that was
mentioned third by Mr. Gallatin. But, sir, further
than this: Mr. Hassler returns, after the lapse of
a few years, from Europe, and was employed to
preside over this survey.
I understood the Senator from Missouri to inti-
mate that the term suptrintendent had crept into
the appropriation bills, the original word being as-
tronomer, as authorized in the law reviving the law
of 1807; and the inference was drawn that the ap-
pointment of Superintendent of the Coast Survey
was without any foundation in law. It appears,
sir, that in the authority given to Mr. Hassler by
Mr. Dallas to preside as having charge of this
coast survey, he was called to superintend the sur-
vey. Here is the letter from Mr. Dallas to Mr.
Hassler:
" Treasury Department, Jlugml 3,1816.
tvSfR: The corre-pondnnoe and ^documents relative to
your being employed as superintendent ol the survey of the
coasi under the act ol Congress respecting that object, have
been submitted to the President, and your services are en-
gaged on the following terras." * * * *
Now, this is the authority under which Mr.
Hassler was employed, signed by the Secretary of
the Treasury in 1816. Then the act of 1807 was
first carried into effect, because Mr. Hassler had
been detained in Europe in the purchase of instru-
ments, and did not proceed in the business of the
coast survey until the time of the date of this letter
of 1816, wherein he is called to superintend the
coast survey. The coast survey went on for a
short time, but there was some uneasiness spring-
ing up about it; probably the difficulties of the
operation were not well understood; the length of
time which it would occupy was not understood;
at any rate, there were some anxieties growing
about it, and there was a law passed in 1818. Now,
what was that Jaw? It was not to place this coast
survey under the direction of the navy alone, but
it was to place it under ^..superintendence of the
army and navy. [Mr. A. quoted the law.]
That was a repeal of the law of 1807, so far as
it authorized the employment of persons other
than those belonging to the army or navy. Well,
what was the result? From 1819 to 1822 the coast
survey went on under the act which repealed the
Jaw of 1807, and under the direction of the army
and navy; and the experiments during the interval
in which the coast survey was under the direction
of the officers of the army and navy, caused Con-
gress to restore the act of 1807; and one of the
reasons which induced them to do this is to be
found in the letter of Mr, Southard, who was
Secretary of the Navy at that time.
In 1827 the survey of the coast, after a lapse of
ten years, again cxcited popular attention. The
Secretary of the Navy, (Mr. Southard,) in de-
oerfain surveys which had been made by
scribin.
naval officers for an especial purpose, stated, in
his annual report, that " tU-  ' > • • •
4 was supposed desirabi;
had heretofore been made, &c. In reply, he pro-
ceeds to say, after referring to a list of maps and
charts:
Of the whole of the maps and charts in possession of the
Government, it may be remarked that they do not furnish a
satisfactory survey of the coast, for the tollowmg reasons:
" I. They exhibit detached parts unconnected with each
other. 4
"■iS. Are generally confined to the shore, and do not ex-
tend sufficiently far into the ocean.
"3. Were many of them made by incompetent men, with
incompetent means.
"4. They were governed by no fixed and certain princi-
ples or guides, in ascertaining the latitude and longitude of
the principal points and portions. *
"5. They do not embrace the whole coast. For these and
other reasons they are unsafe, and, in many instances, use-
less and pernicious."
That was the opinion expressed by Mr. South-
ard—that the results to which the labor of the offi-
cers of the army and navy, from the organization
of the coast survey, had been applied, weie not
only useless, but m a great degree pernicious. It
was in consequence of this impression that Con-
gress, in 1832, revived the act of 1807. "Provided
that the said act is hereby revived." And it also
provided, in addition to the authority given to the
President to employ such intelligent persons as he
should choose, "that he should employ persons in
the army and navy as he should deem proper, and
an astronomer."
And it seems to me that nothing can be more
general than the terms of that act. But this is not
all the legislation on the subject. The Senator
from Missouri complains that the term superin-
\ Undent has crept in through the appropriation bills,
I where it did not belong. It seems to me that the
clauscs contained in the appropriation bills having
reference to this subject have been a limitation
upon former acts rather than an extension of them.
I They have had the effect of limiting and regulating
I the power rather than of extending it. The appro-
priation bill of March, 1843, provided for the ex-
penses of the coast survey, including compensation
for assistants, one hundred thousand dollars; and
it also provided that a board of officers should be
called by the President, and that one of that board
should be the present superintendent of the coast
survey ; and that the regulations made by that
-board should have ihe effect of law. The board
had a meeting, and they agreed upon a system, 1
believe, and reported to the President, and it was
sanctioned by him, for carrying on the coast sur-
vey. So that this coast survey is not carried on
without authority of law; for here was a plan, ap-
proved of by the President, reported by a board
ofNsfficers convened by law for the purpose; and
[ the law declaied that their plan, when approved,
, should have the effect of law. Not only so, sir;
J this plan contemplates the employment of the su-
j penntendent of the coast survey, and, in addition
J to that, Mr. Spencer, who was at the head of the
  Treasury Department in 1844, drew up a set of
regulations for conducting the affairs of that sur-
vey, for the disbursement of money, fixing the
amount of the salaries that should be paid,&c. So
that the whole of the operations of the survey are
regulated by law, and are not left to the discretion
i of any man or set of men.
| And, sir, so far as regards the increase of ex-
i penses, my object was meiely to point to this law
I under which the coast survey is carried on. I
I may say that the increase of the annual appropri-
j ation is made in pursuance of the original plan
i suggested by Professor Bache in his reports;' and
| it is conceded that by a division of labor the labor
I can be sooner done, and done more cheaply, and
i the improvement that has taken place under the
j superintendence of Professor Bache shows that
I this is the case; because by comparing the expen-
ses of the twelve years whilst Mr. Hassler was
!je'X /Ti!11Ch " i: suPe«ntendent with the expenses of the five years j
to make them, (the sur- j| utlder Professor Bache) w£ find that the Jnua| !
' veys,) and the means granted bv the annronria-J1 c .< , ; • j . •
' 'ion, did not permit them to be so made L to P ? ' K, T Umf , Cf '  th6Pro
< furnish perfect surveys and charts of those liar- !! ?£ C'g SiX) a, PerhaP? there has been !
' bors; nor can such surveys be made without the ! ,: f f61" "T* W accomplished. I there- i
' aid of the means contemplated by the act of 10th ? IZlthTH *nl™,dment wlU, nuot Prevall> '!
' of February, 1807, to provide for surveying the N a"dJha"^ work, which has received the sanction
' coast of the United States " of scientific men, vull not be interrupted by this '
In 1828 the Committee' on Naval Affairs ad- I, WCidental ame"dment to an appropriation bill.
Sotnhard WskinVtffCretalT °f NaVy' (Mr" I1' Mr" DAVIS> of Mississippi, obtained the floor. "
surveyof themmc^ reffrencue to ;j He said: Mr. Resident, the amendment offered by !,
made the l 'e whether it ought to be |; the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Benton] offends
. , the best plan for making it, what progress n against the advice of St. Paul, which tells us to :!
"prove all things, and hold fast that which is
good." It proposes to go back to an old exploded
system, an experiment made in 1818, which, after
years of lost time and millions of lost money, was
finally abandoned. It is to abandon an organiza-
tion more perfect than, I believe, any country has
ever before possessed for such a purpose, and to
return to one, because it might imitate that of
Great Britain, the imperfections of which stand
forth upon every map of the British Island. Let
an'y man obtain two hydrographic maps—take one
issued by the coast survey, and one issued recently
by Great Britain—and he will find that science
and intelligibility stand forth as the prominent
features of the one, and confusion m the other;
sometimes, even, surveys marked by square lines
where the lines of equal depth are curved, and can
have no natural relation to the rectangles thus pre-
sented.
I was sorry to hear the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance propose that this matter should
be investigated by a committee, and made the sub-
ject of a separate bill. It is before us, and we are
as ready to decide it now as at any other time,
Mr. Atherton. I did not mean to say that it
should be made the subject of a separate bill.
Mr. Davis. It is useful and desirable that the
question should not only be settled now, but that
it should be quieted for all time. I believe more
than one-half the valuable labors of that distin-
guished astronomer, Mr. Hassler, were lost to
science and the country, in consequence of his
constant wrangling with Congress to obtain appro-
priations. His mind was diverted from the pure
pursuits of science, and he has, in consequence,
left behind him comparatively little of those re-
sults which we should have expected from his
high reputation.
1 desire, therefore, Mr. President, that the Senate
will consider the whole question now: and I hope
' that they will settle it by such a majority as was
given in the House last session, where 1 think the
vote stood ninety to thirty-six, after a full discus-
sion. , *
The object of the Senator from Missouri, in his
amendment, is, to give up the whole coast survey
to the navy, and return to the law of 1818. Now,
sir, if the proposition had been to give up the
whole to the army, I should have thought that
there was more propriety in it. The original plan
was a survey of the coast, and a nautical survey
based upon it. Such was the idea of Jefferson,
and the idea of Gallatin) who in his letter addressed
to scientific men of the day, has as clearly delin-
eated a geodetic survey as language can describe,
i Mr. Gallatin proposes—
"l.Tlio ascertainment, by a series of astronomical ob-
servations, of the true position of a few remarkable points
on the coast. * * * * *
"2. A trigonometrical survey of the con-it between those
points of which the position shall have been astronomically
ascertained. * * ~ -
"3. A nautical survey of the shoals and soundings of the
coast, o£which the tngonometru-dl stnvev of theco.tst it:elf
and the ascertained position of the light-houses, and other
distinguishable objects, would be the basis." * *
Now, sir, if the basis of a nautical survey is the
triangulation of the coast, then we had better refer
the work over to the army than to the navy, if it
; is to be confined to one department; for they are
! more competent to make that geodetical survey
j which must be the basis of any useful nautical sur-
I vey. If the purpose is merely to make a nautical
reconnoissance along the coast, and make nautical
charts, we have such now, made in our colonial
existence. But, sir, of little value are they, with-
out accurate determinations of latitude and longi-
tude without correct delineations of the coast—so
that when the mariner approaches it he may recog-
nize the prominent features that tell him with cer-
tainty where he is. It adds little either to the
benefits of commerce or the navy; it adds nothing
to science, positively nothing.
So far as I followed the Senator's argument, it
was based upon the idea of the recurrence to a
former law, and of producing economy and de-
spatch m the work. Now, sir, as to the former
law, the act of 1807 did not provide in terms for
the use of the army and navy at all. So far from
providing a plan to be executed by the army and
navy, as the Senator's argument would lead one
to suppose, it says nothing about the army and
navy. It says that the President of the United
States shall be, and is hereby, authorized to cause
