208
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 19,
30th Cong.....2d Sess.
The Coast Survey—Mr. Jefferson Davis.
Senate.
by the report of the Secretary of the Navy, it ap-
pears that in five years it was §192,000—that is,
in five years it was less than the amount stated
here (pr one; or, if you include the whole pay of
the officers of the navy, it will be $335,000 for five
years, as shown by the Auditor's statement to the
Secretary of the Navy. Thus it will be about
|67^)00 instead of $209,000, per annum. At any
event, the error is very great.
Qjfirinl statement of the Fourth Auditor, s/wwins; the amount
of dijfereru.e between the sea-service pay und leave-uf-absence
pay of the officers of the rwvy engaged in the Coast Survey,
from January 1, 1844, to December 31, 3848, the value of
their rations, the pay of the crews of the vesse's employed on
the said service, and the value of their rations for the same
period.
Sea-service pay of officers subsequent
to January 1, 1844 §207,584 25
Estimated leave-pay for the same pe-
riod   142.757 16
Difference  64,827 09
-$64,837 09
.Rations of officers for the same period  11,998 60
Pay of crews  81,953 00
Rations of crews  33,886 00
Total (five years) $192,664 69
Note of entire pay estimated at highest rate, or
sea-service pay, (five years)  §207*584 95
Rations    11,998 60
Pay of crews    81,953 00
.Rations of crews    33,886 00
$335,421 85
Connected with British hydrography, "in the
four quarters of the globe," instead of ten, there
appear to have been, in 1846, eighteen vessels, at an
expense of <£178,000. The question asked by the
committee of the House of Commons of the chief
hydrographer was in relation to his assistants in
the bureau, who had no more to do with the sur-
veying than "the clerks m any other bureau. The
surveys are made by naval officers, and the num-
ber of officers employed is not indicated at all by
the amount of money expended, which is over and
above their navy pay.
The following is a table of the expenditures for
hydrography from 1847 to 1847:
Hydrography of Great Britain and Colonies.
] 837-'3S £68,517
1833-'o9  59,2u2
1839-M O  58,862
1840-'4 1  52,517
J841-M3  91,839
1842-'4 3   142.235
1843-M 4  134.1-36
]8t4->45 196.583
2845-    178,782
184G~J47  113,678
Iri the last two years an amount equal to the
whole coast survey appropriation, and 111 ten years
five millions of dollars. This is besides her arctic
and antaictie expeditions; and besides her trigo-
nometrical survey, which, from 1811 to 1847, cost
•61.500,000.
The amount of expenditures for pay of officers
and men employed in the hydrography of the coast
survey, and which I have stated above, is to be
found in the reply of the Secretary of the Navy to
the Secretary of the Treasury—a document which
1 am sorry is not printed and in the hands of every
Senator.
The salary of the superintendent has been referred
to; and the whole answer to that is, th'at no salary
has ever been fixed by law. It is a temporary
employment. The annual compensation origin-
ally made to Mr. Hassler has been continued to
the present day. When he resumed his work in
1832, there were about four years—perhaps five—
when the amount of $1,500 claimed for superintend-
ence of coast survey and weights and measures was
not paid him. In 1836, however, the terms of the
appropriation bill referring to the superintendent
were used, and considered as covering the back
pay, and the back pay of $1,500 per annum was
given to him. His compensation to the close of
his life was §6,000 per annum. The same rate has
been continued, dolliy- for dollar, to the present
superintendent. There has been no change in the
compensation. The duty has changed only by
increase of the time in the field. He still retains,
under the same organization, the same amount of
country* would lose far more than the superintend-
dent. In justice I should state, that the researches
on hydrometers for the revenue, and on sugars,
have been superintended gratuitously.
But the next position taken was, that these ob-
servations concerning latitude and longitude were
invading the proper duties of the National Observ-
atory. Now, Mr. President, two observatories,
since the establishment of the telegraph wires, may
determine difference of longitude with great accu-
racy. But how a fixed observatory is to determine
the latitude of other places, I am wholly at a loss
to imagine. The observatory can fix the stars;
but, unless it is made locomotive, put upon wheels,
and carried over the country, it can have no power
to determine the latitude and longitude of places.
But this observatory is to be made the receptacle
of the coast survey, instead of tranfemng it to the
coast survey—the minor to the major part.
And is it reasonable, sir, that this observatory
take charge of the determination of the latitude and
longitude of stations on the coast, those observa-
tions upon which all primary triangulations of the
coast survey must necessarily rest? Shall they
wait until this observatory can go'over the country
and determine the latitude for them? The coast
survey has employed observatories, as far as avail-
able, to make astronomical observations for sta-
tions: thus it could be done better than in tempo-
rary builditfgs, and at one-fifth the cost—that is,
for about $200 a year; whereas it would cost about
$1,000 to erect temporary observatories and pro-
vide observers. It is economy, then, to use these
observatories; and when the law prohibited the
construction and maintenance of an observatory by
the coast survey, 1 cannot conceive that it prohib-
ited the use of observatories, so far as it contributed
to the objects and economy of the work.
It was to avoid, I suppose, connecting the Gov-
ernment with the establishment of such an institu-
tion, and its maintenance, that the prohibition was
made. When, sir, observatories are erected and
maintained, and offer facilities for observation,
surely'it could not have been designed to forbid
their use for temporary purposes. If it was astro-
nomical observations which were to be excluded,
why then, sir; authorize the appointment of an
astronomer? If astronomical observations are to
be made, surely they should be made under all the
circumstances which give the greatest accuracy.
Nor is it material, so far as accurate determina-
tions of longitude are concerned, whether this ob-
servatory be upon the coast or far in the interior;
all that is required is, that the line of a magnetic
telegraph should pass through it, and the observa-
tory at Cincinnati is as available for determining
the longitude of New Orleans, Charleston, New
York, Boston, or Portland, as a similar establish-
ment at either of those stations of the coast.
The advantages, Mr, President, of a mixed or-
ganization for conducting the coast survey are fully
shown by the working of the present system.
The army and navy are brought together by a
harmonizing link, a head not supposed to be pre-
judiced in favorof either the one or the other. The
superintendent of the whole lays down the plan,
presses his land survey m advance of his hydro-
graphical survey; and while the hydrographical
survey, by observing points upon the coast, will
test the accuracy and emulate the land parties,
there can be no rivalry other than a generous one,
there can be no jealousy between the two arms of
the survey, no conflict of rank between the assist-
ants and the savant who has charge of it, and
binds the whole together by the fraternizing bands j
of science. The results are seen in the good feel- '
ings which have existed in the operations of this
work, so far as I have learned, justifying fully the
wisdom of the plan which was adopted by that
Secretary of the Treasury who took the deepest
interest in this matter, and who was the best qual-
ified, probably, since Mr. Gallatin, to perfect the
organization of the work. I now refer to the plan
of 1843, and the regulations of the Hon. John C.
Spencer. From that time to this it has continued.
It is carried on now exactly under the organization
of the original establishment, as modified by the
regulations of 1843 and 1844; the superintendent
compensation. It can be -varied by the President ji operating more constantly m the field, bein®- about
at any time. As this might cause the present su- j; three-quarters of the year in open air, hvin«- in
perintendent to leave the employment of Govern- j tents and schooners, making his observations
ment, it would be a serious evil, and in which tha h measuring his angles, measuring with still more
wonderful accuracy the bases upon which these
observations rest. It was fortunate, sir, that this
work, when it lost its founder, was transferred to
its present superintendent—a man who, to the
severest early.training in science, combined sim-
plicity, purity of character, and strict utilitarian
principles, which he has always brought to those
subjects intimately connected with the work. No
wandering after vague problems, no seeking idle
| reputation by the discussion of questions which,
! however abstruse, were unconnected with the pur-
poses before him; always intent upon the object—
a survey of the coast—and to execute it according
to the spirit of the law. He has brought his topog-
raphy nearer to the coast, extending no further
than the first high land or road, so as to limit it, to
the most narrow compass which would answer
every purpose of navigation and coast defence.
Defence is certainly very intimately connected
with the purpose of coast survey. Had Long
island been surveyed, and had we possessed a map
of it during the revolutionary war, the difficulties
which General Sullivan encountered would never
have occurred. His letters to General Washing-
ton state that he was ignorant of the country.
That want of knowledge of the country caused
one road, which he did'not know, to be left open.
The enemy, informed of it, turned his position,
made a feint in front, a real attack in rear, and de-
feat followed. The disaster which befel the army
was the result of the want of a topographical map
of the island.
And again, sir, to refer to the same period and
locality: Had the bay of New York been known
I as well then as now, Count d'Estaing would have
j passed with his vessels of war into the harbor, and
: would have found the British without the power
! of effective resistance. Want of knowledge of that
j channel by the pilots sent to the Fiench fleet in-
j duced their commandcr to abandon, as a hopeless
I object, an entrance where there was really suffi-
| cient water for the draught of his vessels. These
j are two great facts, and present their own appli-
j cation.
I Now, sir, as the most minute accuracy is re-
j quired in topographical maps to serve for military
! operations, anything which improves their exact-
| ness or legibility is important. ' I saw, in the office
| of the Coast Survey, two maps of New London
J and its vicinity—one of 1840, the other of 1847.
j In the first, two streams emptying into different
bays had been considered one, and the officer who
should have landed upon the coast and projected
his operations by the first map would have* fallen
into a fatal error; and if in presence of an adver-
sary better informed than himself, must have been
defeated.
Nothing, sir, could have been a greater error
than to suppose that the present superintendent
of the coast survey would prefer to be a bureau
officer; he is a man of science, a practical astron-
ii omei^—delights in the days and nights passed in
;j the field of observation. If an attempt was made
jl to reduce him to the condition of a mere bureau
|| officer, he would assuredly resist it.
j Shall it be objected, sir, to this coast survey,
|| that it has attained the highest scientific character,
I at home and abroad ? That is with me a great
j| object of pride and of gratitude. Nor, sir, has
[j there been one scientific discovery, so far as I have
I been informed, upon the coast survey, which has
i! not had direct and almost immediate application
; to the work. The bars for measuring bases give
! a good illustration of this. It was found that the
i best compensating bars which existed were liable
j to unequal expansion by heat during change of
temperature. The compensating bars are of brass
, and iron, and these two metals have unequal
i capacities for heat and unequal conducting powers.
1 In the base apparatus, made by the present supef-
| intendent, under his orders, the bars are so pro-
| portioned in mass as to heat in equal times, the
j surfaces being covered by a varnish, so as to
i render the absorption at the surface the same, or
, nearly so.
| In former base bars, when the temperature was
rising or falling, it was found that one would ab-
sorb heat more rapidly than another,und thus pro-
duce a variation in the length; whereas it should
be constantly the same at all temperatures. To
the present superintendent of the coast survey, it
is due to say, that he has brought this problem to
