1849.3
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sil
30th Cong 1st Sess.
The Coast Survey—Mr. John Davis.
Senate.
reason ? There is no war, no pirates, no object
anywherfe calling the navy abroad to engage in it.
What, then, sir, is the reason, that this large naval
•establishment—for, take notice, we have no peace
naval establishment, it is all warn aval establish-
ment, whether there be a war or not—what is the
reason, I ask, that the navy cannot do this work,
which is not only done in. Great Britain, but all
over the world? What is the- reason? We have
come to the reason, sir. The navy is incompetent.
I have brought out the reason, and it will now go
to the navy, and to the American people, that the
only reason that can be given for keeping up an
establishment of this kind—for which $186,000 are
to be voted this year—is the one that has been
given, the incompetency of the navy.
Sir, I do not admit the validity of that reason.
Viewing our naval officers and men as being so
many American people—I believe there are nearly
three thousand officers—viewing them only as a
mass of the American people set aside from the
rest, and devoted to that profession—I will say
that in any body of Americans, three thousand of
them—lay off the diagram where you please—
there will be found in these three thousand persons
men competent to do everything done by man,
whether of the head or of the hand, whether of the
heart or of the body. You will find in every sec-
tion, in every mass of three thousand-men over the
whole extent of our country, no matter where your
diagram falls, men competent to do everything that
man can do. I do not believe at all that this thing
is exclusively possessed by any one man. I do
not believe any such thing, sie; I believe (hat mind
is distributed; I believe that the Great Author of
our being has been kind enough to distribute mind;
and I believe that He has distributed far the larger
portion of it to the white race. And I will go fur-
ther and say,that! believethatthe American people
are the most ingenious, the most adventurous, and
the most intelligent people upon the face of God's
earth; that they develop more than any other peo-
ple upon the face of the earth—resulting more,
perhaps, from the natuie of our institutions, and
the freedom which every mind enjoys to exert
itself m every possible form.
1 do not admit the incompetency of the Ameri-
can navy to survey the coast of the United States
and islands; that is the work they have to do. The
work that was intended to be done was a work
tangible and visible; a work upon the earth and
the water; a work for the benefit and safety of
navigation and commerce; a work to save the lives
of mariners; a work to save vessels from ship-
wreck. It was a practical woik, for the benefit
of commerce and navigation; and your coast sur-
vey, as intended by the acts of 180? and 1832,
rests precisely upon the principle that the internal
improvement of the great rivers and harbors rests.
The principle which has sustained the coast sur-
vey, according to the acts of 1807 and 3832, sus-
tained the improvement of the gieat inland nvers
and lakes. The principle is the same, and, apart
from that principle, you have got nothing.
My objection to the coast survey, at present, is
that it has gone into the survey of the heavens,
not merely to determine the point under considera-
tion for the moment, but the general business of
astronomy; and, besides that, it has gone into the
general business of geodesy—the face of the earth
and the air is to be surveyed by them in addition
to the coast survey.
Now, sir, I do not admit the incompetency of
the American navy. I demand for them not a
hearing such as I can make, buta trial before they
are condemned. Are we to admit that Gieat
Britain has found in the person of Francis Beau-
fort, rear admiral, an ofHcer who for twenty years
has conducted the coast, survey, not merely of
her own islands and possessions in the four quar-
ters of the globe, but of all other countries with
which she has either war or commerce, and that
we cannot find anyone in our navy to do it even for
our own use?
ButSenatorsseem to look upon my motion as an
attack upon this system of measuring and survey-
ing the coast by triarigulations. Why, sir, I am
very much in the condition of our volunteers in
battle, who, on attacking a position, iun upon a ;
cannon and seize it with their hands, because they i
know of no other way of taking it. I am very
much in that position, i did not know that there
was any other way of carrying on a survey except
by this system of triangulation; but a little inquiry
has convinced me that there was formerly another
mode in use, the chronometric; and at the time of
Mr. Hassler, it was a great question which- of the
two was preferable. After considerable experi-
menting he adopted the system of triangulation,
and that has been followed ever since, I find, in
reading an account of the hydrography of Great
Britain, that the chronometric mode is never now
mentioned. It is triangulation forever and ever,
and nothing else. But really, so far from thinking
*of abolishing the method of carrying on the sur-
vey by triangulation3, I was for the time ignorant
that there was any other method. But there was
formeily. I believe that the system of triangula-
tion is adopted throughout the world. France had
it in her coast survey. Great Britain has also
adopted it. It has been established for us by Mr.
Hassler, and in any comparison that may be
drawn between him and his successors for all time
to come, he ought not to have the second place
assigned to him, whether in amount of work done,
or money expended, or for his profound science,
or for the amiableness and simplicity of his man-
ners. He is the father of the coast survey. There
can no comparison ever be drawn in which he
shall have the second place in any point whatever.
It was, therefore, surprising that I found these j
parallels run, and the immensity of labor the gen-
tleman went into for sustaining one side.
Mr. President, it is late. The time has confe for
voting. I have undertaken to make the question
for the American navy and the American people,
why thfey cannot do this work. That question is
now met, and the answer is given on this floor,
" in competence." That word shall go home to the
navy and the American people, and we wi'l see
whether or not we are to keep up an establishment
upon personal considerations—keep up an estab-
lishment now costing one hundred and eighty-six
thousand dollars per annum of direct appropriation,
hesides those which come in incidentally—whether
upon personal considerations we are to keep up an
establishment of this kind, while we have a navy
costing eight or nine millions a year, comprising
seventy or eighty vessels, manned by eight or ten
thousand men,actually withoutemployment. Why
cannot we make them available? The question is
now met. It goes forth, and the navy will have
to answer for themselves. I affirm their compe-
tency, and demand for them a chance; and espe-
cially, after what has been said here; I demand for
them a chance to show their abilities for the execu-
tion of this work, to take a higher part in it than
the mere hewers of wood and the carriers of water,
for that is the only business to which they are
applied.
Sir, the naval officers employed in this business
are not seen; they may put their names upon a
channel, perhaps. But the whole argument turns
ori their competency to conduct the business—not
to perform the details of it—but their incompetency
to conduct it. Upon this point I am now ready to
let the question go to the navy and to the American
people.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, I would not
have troubled the Senate with any further remark
upon this subject, but for that which fell from the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Davis,] and
which was endorsed by the Senator from Missouri,
[Mr. Denton.] The Senator from Massachusetts
seems to be apprehensive that it was intended by
me and another gentleman who has spoken upon
this question, to institute a comparison between
Mr. Hassler and Professor Bache, to the discredit
and reproach of the former. Sir, I expressly dis-
claimed 
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. The Senator
will pardon me, but I said I did not suppose there
was any intention whatever to reflect upon Mr.
Hassler.
Mr. PEARCE. Iexpressly disclaimed it the other
day—certainly I intended to say that Mr. Hassler,
having commenced the operations of the coast sur-
vey, had all the difficulties to surmount which are
incident to the organization of such a great work.
And I did not desire to make any comparison un-
favorable to him, but there was necessity for such
a comparison. There were statements made on
this floor which rendered it necessary. There was
that said on this floor by the Senator from Mis-
souri, which he has probably forgotten, .which
made it necessary. And there were comparison?
•made elsewhere, and-brought to the notice ofmem-
bers of this body which rendered it necessary. I
remember an article, a most calumnious article, and
unworthy to be received into the columns of such
a highly respectable journal as Hunt's Merchants'
Magazine—an article prompted by the basest
and meanest of motives, and abounding in fulse~
hoods—this article had been submitted to the
noticeof the members of the Committee on Finance
of the Senate for the purpose of influencing their
action upon this very subject, and I know that it
prejudiced the minds of some of them for a short
period. That was not all. I found the Senator
from Missouri instituting, as I thought, a compar-
ison of the work under Mr. Hassler and Mr.
Bache, which certainly was not calculated to pre-
possess his hearers in favor of the latter gentle-
tr&n. Here is his language. After giving us the
acts of Congress under which this work was organ-
ized, and after showing how contracted was the
sphere of operations which those acts of Congress
contemplated and described, he says: "This is the
way the act was understood and acted upon in Mr.
Hassler's time. How is it now?"
Now, sir, I understood that as being a compari-
son of the proceedings by Mr. Hassler and the
proceedings by Mr. Bache under those laws. I
understood it to be, in fact, if not in direct terms,
an assumption that Mr. Bache has extended this
work to such a degree as to have violated the law,
within which Mr. Iiassler^onfined himself.
Then I found the Senator from Missouri reciting
the expenses, the great number of assistants, the
great number of vessels, and giving the appropria-
tions. And then again he has called attention to
the fact, by way of discrimination, that during Mr.
Hasslcr's time there was $96,000 of the appropria-
tions carried back or refunded to the treasury of
the United States. By the way, I would remark
that not one of these was subsequent to 1826.- The
moneys were refunded during the years 1814,1819,
1822, and 1826. Mr. Hassler had no control over
the work, either in the year 1822 or 1826. There
must have been special appropriations, made under
a different system entuely. In the years 1809 and
1814 seventy-nine thousand dollars was carried
back to i\\e surplus fund. Not a singledollar was
ever earned back to that fund during the period
when Mr. Hassler was engaged in active opera-
tions.
Again, I found the Senator from Missouri giving
a statement of the appropriations from 1807 down
to the last year, and making remarks on the in-
crease of expenditureunder Professor Bache. Was
not this a matter of contrast and parallel? Did it
not compel those who knew Mr. Bache to speak
in his defence? As highly as I esteemed Mr. Hass-
ler—and I do uot mean to detract from his great
and undisputed merits—I will not admit that Mr.
Bache is his inferior; I will not admit that Mr.
Hassler, distinguished scientific man as he was,
foreigner as he was, was a whit superior to the
grandson of Franklin, a native-born American cit-
' izen. i need not undertake to show that Mr. Bache
possesses as high claims to science as Mr. Hassler,
nor need 1 attempt to show the efficiency and econ-
omy with which he has applied the appropriations
intrusted to his care. These are all well known.
Let me call the attention of Senators, who may
perhaps have been unintentionally misled to be-
lieve that, under the superintendence of Mr. Bache
the appropriations have been enormously increased,
to the faUs. I will compare an equal period of
years. I will take, for example, the appropria-
tions made from 1838 to 1844, six years in Mr.
Hassler's time, and compare them with those made
during Mr. Bache's five years, from 1844 to 1849.
In 1838 the appropriation for the coast survey
was §90,000; in 1839 it was $90,000 ; in 1840 it
was $>100,000 ; in 1841 it was $100,000 ; in the
years 1842 and 3843 it was the same, in the year
1844, the first year of Mr. Bache's term, the amount
appropriated was ^80,00(3. In 1845, the second
year of Mr. Bache, it was $100,000, which is no
more than the amount appropiiated m Mr. Hass-
ler's last year. In 1846 we appropriated $111,000,
a very small increase. In 1847, we appiopnated,
not double the appropriation for Mr. Hassler's last
year, as the Senator from Missouri seems to sup-
pose, but $146,000, being just forty-six pet cent.
