£12
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb, m,
30tii Cong 2d Sess.
New Mexico and California—-Mr. McDowell.
Ho. of Reps.
increase* For the last year, 1848, we appropriated
il65>G00, being sixty-Rve per cent, increase over
Mr. Hassler. There has been no such extraordi-
nary increase of expenditure as the Senator from
Missouri seems to suffpose. But, sir, these com-
parisons having been instituted by the Senator—
and they areeithercomparisons or they are nothing
rf~it became necessary for those who knew the
merits of Mr. Bache, and the value of that work
which he is prosecuting with such distinguished
ability and success, to show that, though the-ap-
propriations have been increased during his time,
but not at all to the extent supposed, the results had
increased in an equal and, indeed, greater propor-
tion. And it was but justice to him, and no re-
proach to Mr. Hassler, to show that the results
increased in a greater proportion than the expend-
itures, and the data which have been exhibited
show to the Senate that that is the undeniable fact.
Mr. President, I, no more than the Senator from
Missouri, desire to see this work continued for
personal considerations. There cannot be personal
considerations in such a case as this. This is an
expenditure which calls upon the patriotism and
the good sense of every American Senator. It
appeals- to national feeling ancfpublic duty, and he
who would suffer personal considerations to influ-
ence hirr.,ia a case like this, is unworthy of a seat
on this floor, or the society of honest men. Sir, I
have entertained no such idea. The Senator froiy
Missouri asks, who can compute the period of
time that will be required to complete this survey
at the present rate of .progress ? Tt will not, he
thinks, he closed m forty years. Sir, it has been
computed by naval officers engaged in this very
survey; it has been computed that in fifteen years
the work may be completed, and I believe that, if
Congress will make the appropriations necessary,
it will be completed in that time, and so completed
that the work will compare advantageously with
similar works in any other country.
The Senator asks why it is that the navy are
incompetent to the execuiion of this work. Sir, I
did say (hat they were generally incompetent to
the more difficult and scientific operations of this
work. I repeat it, and I have not the least fear
that I can he successfully contradicted. I do not
mean to disparage the navy, neither do I mean to
court the navy, or any other branch of the service.
I know there are many men in the navy of great
general intelligence; but there is a. scarcity of that
particular information necessary in the geodetic
operations of this survey, and these geodetic oper-
ations arc as neccssary as the hydrographic; to
that branch they are competent, and in it they are
exclusively employed. The officers of the navy
are intelligent, within the scope of their profession
and means of education, and according to the de-
mand which the country has upon them, and not
beyond it. There is more of astronomical and
mathematical science among the officers of the
army, because it has been the policy of the coun-
try to give them this science. They have, there-
fore, the thorough education which West Point
affords, and there are officers of the army whose
services would be eminently useful, and have been
eminently useful in these geodetic surveys, and i
believe that due credit has never been withheld
from them. I know that in Mr. Bache's time
credit has invariably been given to every officer
who has made any discovery. - But, sir, it is not
a matter of wonder that men who'are not educated
with special referenceJ.o this kind of service should
be incompetent. I do'not believe any man will feel
hurt by any remark that I have made; for while I
concede their general intelligence, I only deny what
may not reasonably be expected of them. But I
will not delay the Senate with further remarks.
Mr. X3AVIS, of Mississippi. A question has
been asked which I feel disposed to answer before
the adjournment—the question whether the navy
is, in fact, incompetent to conduct the hydrograph-
icai survey. The answer to this js, that they do
conduct it, and nobody else conducts it but the
navy. The whole of the portion of the work
which is professional to the navy is confided to
them. Theonly difference between our survey and ■
that referred to, of England, arises from the fact that
the navy conducts our hydrographical survey in
connection with the trigonometrical surveys. Of '
course, instead of being compelled to make their 1
own observations, and to fix their own stations j
i upon which to base their hydrographical observa- j
| tions, they derive their points and shore line from ;
| the land parties; this ia the economy of our organ- ;
j ization. Surely it is no discredit to the navy to !
suppose that those who are trained to topographs
cal labor upon the shore would execute it better
-than those whose lives are spent upon the waters,
and whose profession is upon the water. The
work upon the land is not appropriate to them; it
is not their own element; and I cannot believe
that any proud sailor of the American navy would
wish to ri val an officer of the army in topographical
survey, or to rival the savant in the computation of*j
astronomical phenomena, or in the making of as- j
it tronomical observations. It is not his profession. ■
!j His pride is in his profession. His glory is to be \
t gamed there, and the laurels which now crown the !
| navy, and endear it to every American heart, have I
j been gathered at sea in the face of the enemy. '
! Hydrographical surveys are usefully and properly ;
! executed by the navy in time of peace. They.,
constitute a school in which the American sailor is
instructed, and prepared for the high contingencies
of war. In referring to the work on land as the
more appropriate duty of the army officer, I make
no invidious comparison between the naval and the
army officer. I make no reflection up'on the talents
of the officers of the navy. This is not'the work
of talent. It is the work of training,of preparation,
of close study, of extended science—such as the
officer of the navy cannot acquire at sea; and if his
early life, were to be devoted to such studies on
shore, his nautical experience must necessarily be
very limited—his character as a sailorsunkin exact
proportion as his character as a savant rose. I
should dislike very much to see any prejudice xor
i jealously excited in the navy; there is no necessity
for it. Instead of reducing their professional pride,
I desire to exalt their ambition in those things
which are entiiely professional lo them. I at-
tempted, to-day, to point out new fields in which
they may be employed.
1 did not certainly intend to cast any reproach
upon Mr. Hassler. On the contrary, if I was not
complimentary to him, 1 intended to be so. If I
did not state as a reason for the difference in the
progress of the work under the former and present
superintendent, the embarrassment to which he
was subjected, and the difficulty of organizing a
new work under a new system, of which he was
the founder, I failed of doing what I intended. It
was my intention to draw no invidious comparison.
I was comparing, not appropriations—the Senator
mistook me there—but expenditures; not the mon-
ey appropriated, but the money actually expended
—dollars, years, and woik. Mr. Hassler organ-
ized this work. The present superintendent took
it as he found it.
I cannot allow this occasion to pass, sir, without
again saying that I made no invidious comparison.
In defending an organization which I considered
essential to success in the coast survey, I com-
pared, as I considered it my duty, the expendi-
tures, the time, and the labor. I attempted to show
that the work was progressing rapidly, and even
'j went out of the appropriate line of my argument
n to guard against being misunderstood as dispara-
i| ging the works of the former superintendent, to
|j point out the disadvantages under which he la-
j> bored, it is to me a matter of pride, sir, that the
j; reflection once made that no American could be
|j found to take charge of the work has proved so
|i untrue. An American has been found who has
]j not only been able to discharge the duties of his
\\ office, who has not only been able to keep pace
|j with science, but who lias been foremost in some
jj of the most difficult investigations, and has at-
!j tained results for highly useful application to the
[j necessities of commerce and the perfection of the
I work with which he is chargcd; often passing be-
I, fore, never falling behind, the improvements of the
. I age, he has elevated o,urscientific reputation abroad,
; and is at home justly the object of American pride.
Mr. BRADBURY. If the amendment of the
Senator of Missouri were disposed of, I have one
,l which I should offer. I hope he will consent lo
; withdraw his, or to accept the one I send to the
i chair as a substitute.
1 I will only say, before the reading of my amend-
ment, that X regard the coast survey as a great
national work, and one that is an honor to this ;
country, and I wish to see it sustained until our ;
whole coast shall be surveyed. It is of vast im-
portance to tfie interest of commerce generally,
and is especially important to the State of Maine—
a State which has more numerous harbors and a •
larger extent of coast yet unsurveyed than any
other State in the Union. As little or nothing has
been done in the survey on her coast, it is a mat-
ter of great interest to ber that the work should go
forward. I do not wish to cripple the survey, and
I think the amendment of the Senator, which lim-
its the appropriation to §30,000, would cripple it,
and I shall therefore vote against it.
If it is correct, as has been stated, that there are
capable officers of the navy who could be spared
from that service and profitably employed on the
survey, and who are not so employed, I wish to
see it done, and my amendment provides that it
shall be done. If there are abuses in the present
organization of the survey they ought to be cor-
rected; and my amendment provides that a report
shall be made at the next session of Congress, by
the Secretary of the Treasury, of such facts as
will enable Congress to determine whether there
is an unnecessary expenditure and an unnecessary
employment of persons in this work or not. I
leave the appropriation as in the bill. I ask the
reading of the amendment.
The amendment was read.
" And from and after the 30th day of June, 1849, no persor?
shall bo employed in the coa. t survey who i> not m ihu naval
or milltary service, when his plac^ can without detriment
be supplied from such sei vice; and it .'•hall be rhc duty of
the Seeretaiyof the Navy to report to Congress, 'it lhe next
sf"5<mn the namrs of .'ill pcrs.on« emplo\ eil in such >ervice
not belonging to the arijjy or navy, the duty pr rformed, the
compensatron received, and the reasons for continuing them
in such employment."
Mr. BENTON. That amendment is getting
towards the same object which f had in view, and
I believe I shail yield to it. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. BRADBURY. Then I submit my amend-
ment as an addition to the item m the bill, leaving
the appropriation to stand as it is, at $186,000.
And the question being taken upon the arnend-
mentsubmitted by Mr. Bradbury, it was rejected.
NEW MEXICO AND CALIFORNIA.
SPEECH OF MR. J. McDOWELL,
of virginia,
In the House of Representatives,
February 23, 1849,
On the formation of one or more new States out
of the Territories of New Mexico and Califor-
nia.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
having under congelation the bill to provide for the sup-
port of the Post Office Department for the year ending SOtfr
June, 1850, and for other purposes, (Mr. White, ot New
York, in the chair)—
Mr. McDOWELL addressed the Chairman, and
after expressing his regret at being constrained by
the state of business before the committee and the
Bouse, either to adopt the disorderly and inegular
practice of speaking upon one subject whilst an-
other and a different one was formally before the
committee, or to forego the only opportunity he
might have of speaking at all, then proceeded,
substantially, as follows:
Mr. Chairman, if it had been my good fortune
to have entered upon the discussion of our terri-
torial alfairs at an earlier period of the debate of
which they have so long been the subject, I would
have considered it not only my privilege, but my
duty, to have examined the constitutional ques-
tions with which they have been connected, as
fully and thoroughly as my short hour would have
allowed; but at this late period of the session, and
of the debate also, after these very questions, in
all their latitude, have been discussed here, almost
to the hundredth time, with unwearied elabora-
tion, and oftentimes with great ability, it would
seem that any further and format discussion of
thern now was scarcely admissible. At all events,
sir, 1 cannot but know, not only how irksome it
would be to me to go over these questions afresh,
but how utterly hopeless also would be the ex-
pectation, on my part, of reproducing thtm in any
more favorable or more impressive lights than
those in which they have already been presented
