m
APPENDIX TOTHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 23,
30th Cong 2  Sess.
New Mexico and Californin—Mr. McDowell.
Ho. of Reps.
safeguard in all governments, no matter what their
form ;'for if tKe parent principle of them be relaxed,
jiegleeled, or misapplied, languor, decay, or disso-
lution will inevitably follow.
Most of the governments of the world are nothing
better than modifications of the principle of'force,
bu,t they possess, in this very circumstance, very
great means of supporting themselves by the mere
external power of organization. Our Government,
On the contrary, in both its subdivided and its
compounded forms, resting entirely upon the vol-
untary principle or consent of thfe governed, can
never maintain itself upon the external aids of its
machinery, nor otherwise in its healthy and legiti-
mate vigor, than t)pon the supporting concurrence
of the'national will. But consent in oar case—the
ease of a Federative Government—is the modified
or harmonized will of the various parties collected
into one, and is but another name for compromise;
and so, in fact, our Government is, to all intents
and purposes, a government of compromise. Look
away, sir, from all that you know of the external
history of the Constitution—from all that you have
ever read of the opinions, suggestions, and state-
ments of its framers; turn your eye inward upon
the instrument itself; run it over line by line; count
tip all of its provisions, and compromise is the one
outstanding and characteristic feature which is in-
delibly stamped upon every page of it. It was
once said by a French critic of a fine literary per-
formance which he was reviewing, that after he
had written the words bene, pulchre, uptime, at the
top of every page, his work of criticism was ac-
complished. So it may be said of our Constitu-
tion—that after writing the word compromise upon
every part of it, your work of descriptive history
is over. This is especially true of ail those por-
tions of it where the relative rights of the States
are concerned. Wherever these rights were in-
volved, there all a priori hypotheses of govern-
ment, all abstract and theoretic ideas of perfection,
were at once abandoned, and some conventional
adjustment resorted to instead, by which the largest
practicable measure of equality, justice, union,
and contentment, was expected to be established.
These, indeed, were the great and ultimate ends
for which the Constitution was intended, and no
abstractions nor idealities of Government, nor any
local or sectional objects were ever allowed to frus-
trate or thwart them. The result was, that all the
external, national, and aggregate, interests of the
States were collected into and placed under the
Control of one central head, whilst all their separate
and local interests-were left to the home govern-
ments out of which they arose, and to winch they
properly belonged.
Pressed as those States had been to the very
earth by the heavy foot of an unnatural power, I
even after they had confederated with one another
for mutual assistance, none better understood,
from experience, than they did, that security and
strength, and life itself, lay in their most intimate
and closest union with one another; that if sepa-
rate and disunited, they would not only be less
capable by far both for internal prosperity arid ex-
ternal defence, but must sooner or later sink under
the grasp of some foreign usurper, or under jeal-
ousies, aggressions, and conflicts with one apother.
TJnion, then, was the wisdom of our revolution-
ary day; union is the wisdom of our day,' and
tiNiON will continue to be the wisdom of every day
that is yet to come, until the nations of the earth
have no rapacities and no ambition to gratify, and
this poor heart of ours—that world of iniquity
within itself—has 110 foul passions to inflame, to
misdirect, or defile it.
The well-advised and cordial faith with whrich
the(frameis of our Constitution committed them-
selves to this great historic truth, and the political
consequences to which it led the way—that our
highest wisdom was in closest union with one an-
other—is strikingly exemplified in the character
of the constitutional concessions which they de-
vised to secure it. Look, for example, at the rep-
resentation in the Senate. There you see every i
actual, and almost every possible inequality be- '
tween the associated States disregarded, and the !
fetates themselves made politically equal to each
other. 1 here you see Delaware and New York,
the pigmy and the colossus of the Union, sitting
81 a l S1. * of each other in dignity,
and sharing alike in the power and the counsels
by which tli£ affairs of each and of all are con-
trolled. Having a representation in this House
founded opon numbers, tRe small States might
reasonably have entertained some apprehensions
for their security, unless supplied with the check
of a unit or political representation in the Senate.
They, therefore, demanded this—persisliogly and
vehemently demanded it, declaring that they could
not surrender it without subjecting themselves to
the mere mercy of their constitutional associates,
which they would not do. This demand, so per-
fectly subversive of the dominion, and so revolting
to the. natural love .of consequence and power ill
the larger States, was finally acquiesced tn. Its
clear justice in a federative government, backed
and enforced by that ardent revolutionary spirit,
not then extinct, which nationalized everything,
triumphed over every objection, and thus secured
its adoption as one of the most maiked and con-
servative features of the whole Constitution.
But it is not so much to the extent of the compro-
mise in this particular matter to which 1 would
direct your attention, Mr. Chairman, as. it is to the
principle on which it is made—the principle, name-
ly, of defending the weak against tlte encroachments
and aggressions of the strong. " I will not have,"
said Isocrates, when treating with certain Grecian
States about the affairs of Athens—"I will not
have," said he, " any guarantee that you can offer
us but this: that you shall not be able to hurt us
if you would." This is precisely the guarantee
intended by our Constitution; the weak weie to be
so protected by it that the strong should not hurt
them if they would. It was not enough to the
equitable and just and provident spirit of our
CcJhstitution-makers that the States should, in all
respects, be as safe and as well off unjler the Con-
stitution then forming as they were before; they
looked and labored for something beyond this, and
better than this". Determined to place every State
in a sounder and safer condition than ever before,
they not only left it a sovereignty sufficient for all
local wants, but they so labored as to possess it,
at the same lime, with a central head, which should
be perfectly capable of defending it from all ex-
ternal aggression, and yet perfectly incapable of
committing upon it any aggression of its own.
After this brief and imperfect sketch of the com-
promise character of the Constitution, I feel myself
more at liberty to insist upon the representative
duties which that character enjoins, and to require,
on behalf of the South, and as one of us represent-
atives here, that its high authorities be executed
for the broad and national ends for which they
weie given. Our situation in the South, so far as
any of the rights or interests which attach to it can
be subjected, even resulungly, to the action of Con-
gress, is just that which some of the compromises
spoken of were intended to provide for. We are
a minority in numbers; we are a minority in in-
terest; we are thus laboring under a double inca-
pacity to defend ourselves, lepresentatively, here,
and have no other reliance, within the Constitution,
for the protection of our rights and interests, when j
questioned or assailed, except in the faithful and :
righteous administration of that instrument, under i
the limitations, for the objects, and in the fraternal |
spirit, m which it was formed. This is our reliance; '
it may be what we expect it to be—a safe and :
a solid reliance; it may be a worthless and a rot- ;
ten one. Whatever it be, it is our constitutional •
all; and we are determined to stand upon it whilst I
it lasts: Should it fail us—which Heaven forbid ! !
—and we, as a consequence, be thrown off, unpro- i
tected and aggrieved, then, sir, in that dread hour, i
we shall look for such relief for ourselves, outside :
of the Constitution, as our whole case of exigency
and of duty shall suggest. Meanwhile, and as the :
wise and fit preventive of any such ultimate resort, ,'
we invoke the earnest and instant use of all the 1
safeguards and protecting energies of the Consti- Ij
tution. And this we do with a confidence made
stronger and deeper by the fact thatoui own south-
ern States were amongst the foremost to surrender
the powers upon which these very safeguards were :!
established. What State*for instance, ever sacn- 'j
ficed as Virginia sacrificed, in constituting the co- ,
equality of the Senate?—in admitting to an equal .
participation with herself, even m tlic adjustment j1
of questions affecting her own rights, some States I,
which would not have figured as a handbreadth l:
upon the map of her immense dominions ? W hen I j
this was done, (1788,) Virginia was the most
powerful of alt {he States in the Union; the most
powerful in population, in wealth, in physical
capability, in prospective growth, and immeasur-
ably the most so in political influence and control.
Yet she surrendered these great advantages, gen-
erously and without a murmur, that she might
cooperate with her sister States in- building up a
permanent and, as far as possible, a perfect consti-
tutional safeguard for the protection of the defence-
less and the weak. The feeble in interest or in
numbers were never to be trampled on by the
strong in either or in both. This was the immu-
nity which she labored and which she sacrificed
to establish; and this, therefore,.with special and
emphatic justice, she is entitled to demand. Give
to her, wherever the action of the Government
touches her rights, that safety which she contrib-
uted so much and so freely to secure for the benefit
of others and of all; give her this, and so let her
j experience, and so show on your part, that national
generosity such as hers, is not in all eases simple:
and unadulterated national folly.
But, Mr. Chairman, when I thus speak of com-
promise, I desire to be understood as doing it with
reference only to the general representative duty
which it imposes, but with none whatever to the
measure which I have been endeavoring to sup-
port, that of allowing our Mexican territories to
take upon themselves immediately the functions
and the independence of a State. So far from re-
ferring to that, it would be extremely difficult, as
it seems to me, to present any measure upon any
great or greatly controverted subject of national
policy, which, either constitutionally or otherwise,
involves so little of compromise in it as that meas-
ure does. Constitutionally considered, it scarcely
affords ground enough upon which the subtlest
expositor could support the most shadowy abstrac-
tion; whilst as a practical measure, coming into
competition with other measures, it demands only
that it should be preferred, that it should be taken
j.as a choice, and is to that extent, and that only, a
| compromise. It calls upon no one to disavow his
: avowals. It asks not that any member should
| repudiate or retract his opinions. The anti-pro-
i yiso man and the proviso man can both support it
| in perfect consistency with what each of them has
■ said of his own opinions, and what each has said
I against the opinions of the other. The anti-pro-
i viso member cannot and will not vote for or sup-
1 port any act Of this Government, t>y which the
introduction of slavery into the Territories of the
United States from any of the slaveholding States
will be prohibited. The proviso member, taking
the opposite ground, will not, and cannot, as he
avers, give his vote or his sanction to any act of
this Government by which the introduction of
slaves from any quarter into the territories shall
be allowed. Thus they stand, mutually facing
and defying one another, and both calling upon
the great geographical sections which they respect-
ively represent, to stand up and support them.
Here it is, at this point, that the measure now
offered proposes to interfere: it proposes to step in
before the contending parties, and cutoff all neces-
'■ sity for a decision upon the questions in contro-
1 versy between them: it asks the privilege of making
up a new record ii^ the matter, and going to trial
and judgment upon that. It proposes, in other
< words, to sink the whole question of a territorial
! government with its long train of difficulties, doubts,
' and dangers, and to entertain in place of it the
question, of an immediate formation of a State gov-
! ernment with its admitted rights and admitted
! jurisdiction. Our whole embroilment with one
another here, relates to the extent of the legislative
authority which Congress may constitutionally ex-
ercise over the territories, whilst they are subject
to its control. We have no disagreement of opin-
ion whatsoever as to the powers and rights of these
territories over their own affairs, from the moment
their territorial condition is renounced, and their
State condition is assumed. From that moment,
as we all agree, they are absolutely and entirely
independent of this Government in the regulation
and control of their own internal concerns, and
have the full and sovereign right of a perfect State
to establish just such system of civil rights and
civil institutions as may be most agreeable to
themselves. The measure before us, wisely avoid-
ing the ground of irreconcilable and hopeless
