fv %
1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sit
30th Cong 2d Sess.
New Mexico and California—Mr. McDowell
Ho. of Rfii>9-
to them both will begin at once to be shadowed
-out. Not only is the increase of the black race
greater under all circumstances than that of the
white, because of the absence, in their case, of all
prudential restraint, but when no emigration is
allowed to keep down that excessive growth, it will
follow, of course, that that race will absorb all the oc-
cupations upon which thelaboimgpartof the white
one can live, and they, as a consequence, will be
drivenaway. When all the field labor, when all the
handicraft trades, such as carpenters, coopers, tan-
ners, blacksmiths, shoemakers, &c., are engrossed
by the slave, and taken away from the resources of
the laboring white man; when,in addition to this,
the hopes and means of common education areall cut
off by contiguous settlements of slaves over whole
districts of country; when this comes to pass, what
earthly consideration can prevent a laboring man
so situated from instantly picking up his family
and going to some other community where he
might hope to improve and better their condition?
Nothing could prevent him. Thus throng after
throng of this class—amongst the very soundest
and best of all—would pass away from amongst
us, almost as numerous and as unreturning as the
passengers to the tomb; and so they would con-
tinue to pass, away, until, by-and-by, in the course
of a few generations, the whole population in our
slaveholding States would be reduced to the slaves
upon one side, and the masters and managers on
the other—a disproportion so great, so palpable to
every eye, so suggestive to the slave himself of the
fearful secret of his gigantic physical power, that
nothing could take from his heart the temptation
to try it, and try it he would, no matter what the
consequences; and thus catastrophe would follow
catastrophe, and our sunny and happy South would
be covered over-with scenes of conflict and of
weeping. Concentrate the slaves where they now
are, and strip us by that very act of the energies
and protecting presence of the laboring white man,
and the bloody process of St. Domingo emancipa-
tion wttl be tried amongst ourselves—vainly, but
yet afflictingly tried.
The only preventive for this which is at our
command, the only constitutional mode in which
slavery is accessible to us at all, is to open up, as
far as we have the power, every practicable outlet
for its diffusion. Let it go into the territories; let
it go, unrestrained, wherever it is thought most
to its interest to go—to the ends of the earth, if it
were possible. You thus cut up the great mass
of it into fragments, which you divide or parcel
out amongst a greater number of States, thereby
rendering it comparatively harmless for evil, and
thereby, too, so reducing the magnitude of it,
wherever considered a burden, that each particu-
lar State upon which it presses will be better able
than before to cope with and to master it. .
But this is the exact remedy in the case which
gentlemen here so strenuously and so ardently
resist. Instead of dividing out and draining off
this population, they are for hedging it in; they are
for accumulating it mass upon mass into one vast
storehouse of conflict and calamity. Like a turbid
and swollen stream, if its channels are open and
unobstructed, it will flow on without danger; but
if they are choked and dammed across, and the
living and swelling waters, thrown back upon
themselves, are to be pent up and confined, they
will gather, wave upon wave, into an impending
deluge for the overwhelming of embankments and
all that they were raised to protect.
Weil, gentlemen, go on with your schemes;
carry out your proposition of " free labor and free
soil" to the uttermost; rule out the slave from
your territories; rule out the South, your true and
loyal partner in every extremity for seventy years;
rule her out from all due participation in these ter-
ritories; use all the liberty and all the faculties
which your union with her has imparted to your-
selves to crush her right to a coequahty with you
in the use and enjoyment of a common property;
call upon her to bow down and submit to condi-
tions as conditions precedent to such enjoyment
which, or the equivalents of which, in your own
case, you would indignantly refuse; do all this,
and do it in such a way as will go the furthest to
offend her sense of justice and of constitutional
right—to wound her honor, to mortify her quick
and generous spirit; and what, at last, will you
have accomplished by it ail? What amount of
public good at all Commensurate with so much
sectional wrong? What, in fact, will you have
done by it, except to depopulate the South^n a
great measure of her white inhabitants, and to put
the residue, together with their slaves, in a state
of aggravated and appalling danger to one another?
This is all that you will have done. And is this
an achievement worthy of your philanthropy and
your labors? Is this an object for which, in the
judgment of patriots, statesmen, and christians,
the angriest passions of the country ought to be
aroused, its great divisions thrown into commo-
tion with one another, and our blessed Union itself
brought into danger—that Union which, next to
; personal liberty (and it is a high protector even
' of that) is to every American the richest of ail the
public treasures which Heaven has to give—that
Union which, considered even as antagonistic to
the hopes of the slave, (though it is not so,) would
still, in the righteous judgment of the world?be
worth more, immeasurably more, to us and to
mankind than all the slaves of all the globe to-
gether? Extinguish it, if you can, in a ruthless
and senseless crusade for the slave, and he and his
advocate and his master will suffer and perish to-
gether. Light up, if you can, the warfare and the
spirit of another Peter the Hermit, and m this
case, as in that, you wiil be rewarded with deso-
lation and a tomb.
That slavery has been permitted to establish
itself on this Continent for purposes both of wis-
dom and of mercy, no reasonable man who is ac-
customed to look for the origin or the progress of
events in a power and a knowledge higher than
his own, can reasonably doubt. Neither can he
doubt that these purposes, whatever they are, will
in due time be made manifest to all. Meanwhile,
it is not for us to lay an impatient and forbidden
hand upon any of the powers of this Government
for the purpose of disturbing or controlling it by !
any authority or action of ouis. On our part, j
perfect abstinence m legard to it is the wisest of ■
ail policies, the clearest of all constitutional obh- ;
gatxons, and the best of all personal humanities. I
Let it alone, is the one rational and authoritative
injunction of wisdom and of duty concerning it—
let it go south, fetill south,-as it is now going; and
let its diffusion be such that the two races shall be
protected as long as possible and as much as pos-
sible from all liabilities of violent collision with one
another. This permitted and done, all else should
be patiently left to the developments and the teach-
ings of time.
Some of these, as they have gradually come to
be seen and apprehended, are beginning to shine
forth with impressive and instructive significance.
Take the color, for instance—a mark of perpetual
separation from the white man, but a bond of per-
petual union and sympathy with the negroes them-
selves. It is and ever has been prohibitory of all
complete amalgamation between the races, and
thus preserves amongst us all the physical charac-
teristics of the African just as they were impressed
upon him at the hour and in the land of his birth.
But this separation of the races, with the ultimate f
and providential design, it would seem, to maintain j
on this continent all the physical peculiarities of |
the African on his own, would never have been t
effectual had it been left to the mere caprices of i
sentiment or taste founded upon varieties of color. -
These might have been overcome, and the pecu- j
j liarities to be maintained consequently lost. They
| are .therefore placed beyond the law of taste, under !j
[ the protection of another physical law which lies :i
| far deeper, operating independently of all human |
; will, and enforcing itself under the sternest and
■ severest of natural penalties. The offspring of the j
i two races is a hybrid—an offspring whose pro- j
I gression, though not limited like that of some of j
j the lower animals to the first generation, is never- ,■
\ theless so arrested by lunacy, idiocy, blindness,
j deafness, and dumbness, and other the mostcrush- :
i ing infirmities that flesh is heir to," that it can !
never become the sound parental stock of a self-
maintaining population.*
*The following facts, taken from an official letter fiom
the Secretary of State to Mi. Pakenham, tlie Briti&h Min-
ister, in April, 1844, will s-eive to illustrate tluo position.
The number ot deaf and dumb, blind, idiots, and insane,
amongst the fiee blacks in the non-slaveholding States, is
one out of every ninety-six ; the number of the «-ume elates
amongst the slaves of the slaveholding States, is one in six
hundred and seventy-two. In the Stale of Maine, the num-
Here, then, we have, always before us, the re-
markable phenomenon of one race of mankind
living, and living for upwards of two hundred
years in the midst of another race, and yet incapa-
ble, by reason of natural laws, of disappearing by
incorporation with it and thereby incapable also of
impairing or losing any of its original and native
characteristics. The final cause of this phenome-
non must be looked for either in that primitive
doom upon Canaan by which he was sentenced to
be " a servant of servants unto his brethren," or it
is to be found m some high and renovating func-
tion which the American slave is yet to fulfill in
the redemption of the continent from which he
came.
Besides this physical immutability of the negro,
as a race amongst us, he has in association with it
another peculiarity, scarcely less striking or signifi-
cant than it is; and that is his extraordinary apti-
tude to possess himself, as if by intuition, of all
the tastes and social habits and mechanical arts
and domestic intelligence and civilization of his
master. You may pick up a wild negro in Da-
homy, and bring him to Virginia, with his fct-
tishes and his conjuring rod, and his sharpened
cannibal teeth, and his unintelligible tongue, and
give him there no other instruction but what he
can catch from his fellow-slave at their common
work* and in a few years he will be a civilized
man. And if he is not, his American child in the
first generation will be. This is true of no other
savage man upon earth. Look at our own red
man—as uncivilized almost as if centuries of effort
had not been expended upon his 'improvement.
Look at this very African himself in his own
country, amongst the most incapable of all sava-
ges for self-elevation, but wonderfully capable of
helping himself up by the hands and assistance of
others.
In this connection, it may be stated, as one of a
group of facts, mutually bearing upon and illustra-
ting one another, that thechmate of Africa is too fatal
to the white man ever to become the place of his safe
and permanent abode. This, our experience at
Liberia, and the missionary experience of our re-
ligious societiesatother points, very fully establish.
It is obvious, therefore, from this, that whatever
is done for the moral improvement of that conti-
nent, must be done by those whose entire physical
nature is suited to its baleful and burning sun. It
must, in other words, be done by the black man
himself. And here, in the absolute necessity of
confiding this high mission to him, or of leaving
Africa to her solitary woe, we find a not improbable
solution of so much that is peculiar and otherwise
mysterious in his circumstances and position
amongst ourselves. Here, in the light of this ne-
cessity, we see, most probably, why it is that his
perfect identity has been protected by natural
laws, which rendered his incorporation with us,
and, consequently, his disappearance as a distinct
race, absolutely impossible. Here, too, we have,
as probably, the reason of his extraordinary ca-
pacity to take upon himself the knowledge and the
arts of his master. Here, too, perhaps, the reason
of his presence with us, amongst whom the habits
of private intercourse are freer, and the rudiments
of learning more pervasive and universal, than
amongst any other people in the world; and here,
also, may be the reason, why he was bound, hand
and foot, with the iron chain of personal bondage,
that thus he might be fastened to the spot of his
trials and his training, until all things were ready
for his final dehveiance and departure.
I offer you, Mr. Chairman, no hypothesis upon
these facts. They are such, however, undoubt-
edly, as to encourage the hope that our country
may become to Africa, as to others, thelnursery
and storehouse of its civilization and us freedom;
that though it has trodden upon a portion of her
children, and harnessed them for long years to the
yoke of its labors, yet that even thus it has been
unconsciously but beneficently preparing the means
by which the smitings of this very portion may be
converted into the uplifting of a continent, and the
superstition and cannibalism and tears of its sunken
ber of free blacks returned a.> deaf and dumb, blind, insane,
and idiots, by the census of 1840, is one in every twelve. In
Florida, the number of the same clashes amongst the slaves,
is one in ever> one thousand one hundred and live. In Mas-
sachusetts, out of a fiee black population ol something rrif
than eight thousand, one in every thirteen was eith* r deaf
and dumb, blind, idiot, insane, or in prison.
