APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 23,
30th Cong 2  Sess.
New Mexico and California—Mr. McDowell.
Ho. of Reps.
jftittfcms be wiped away. The facts, also, are such
as to surround this whole subject of slavery with
&ew motives to forbearance, and new injunctions
against the folly and the wickedness of all unau-
thorized intermeddling with it.
W hen I look, Mr. Chairman, beyond the forms of
legislation, and consider who the real parties are to
the controversy before us—that they are not individ-
uals rushing into altercation with one another,
under the fierceness of ignoble passions, excited
for ignoble objects, but powerful and independent
States, constituted into one for certain great ends
of mutual protection and advantage, and bound
therefore, upon the first great 4aw of governments
as well as of persons—the law of self-preservation
—so to administer that common government as
iieVer to endanger or overwhelm it;—when I con-
sider, sir, who the parties are—what their relative
obligations—what their reciprocal dependence—
}?ow infinitely exceeding everything else is the
interest of each in the mutual justice and fidelity
of all—how amazing their prosperity—how ex-
alted their renown—how renovating their example
upon the hopes and liberties of the world—how
inspiring the thought that their republican banner
not only waves over an empire'unparalleled in all
its elements of happiness and freedom and power,
but is yet to wave, by its influence, over the illim-
itable empire of reborn and self-governing i^an;—
when I consider all this, sir, 1 cannot be other-
wise than cheered with the conviction that all
will be well; that parties so situated will never
profane their story nor their honor, through an act
of deliberate wrong by either on the other; and
that " the spirit of amity and of mutual deference
and concession" which united them at first, will
triumph overall troubles, dispose aright of all con-
tests, and thus continue to. harmonize and unite
them forever. In such a brotherhood of parties,
when difficulties arise, there is no expediency upon
which to settle them but that of justice; no benefit
to be sought in the settlement but the benefit of
all. So thinking and feeling habitually, I almost
hesitate to ask of any possible adjustment of the
difficulty before us, what will our part, our southern
part, of its history be? Will it be a history of dis-
appointment, mortification, indignity, and wrong?
And your part of its history—will it be the short
and the stern one of power—power—uncaring and
unrelenting power? It is said of one of the very
worst of the Roman emperors that he lamented
with great bitterness that his reign had never been
distinguished by the occurrence of any remarkable
calamity, and had no other or better record by
winch to be transmitted to posterity than the dull
and monotonous one of its prosperity and peace.
your deliverance. She made the day on which
this bill was to be executed, the 1st of June, 1774,
a day of humiliation, fasting, and prayer—thus
imploring, with one voice, the protection and bless-
ing of Heaven upon "you, and thus, through a re
iigious act, the ultimate one of national distress,
rousing up her people to the fullest and most start-
ling sense of the outrage and the peril which
awaited you. She called upon you to stand up for
your cause; that it was the true cause—the cause
of right, and freedom, and justice; that, as such,
she made it her own, and would fight it-out with
you, blow by blow, and, live or die, would give
every faculty that belonged to her of souland body
and estate, to make it good. Addressing her through
the justice of your cause and the agonies of your
condition, you asked her foF her heart. She gave
it: with scarce the reservation of a throb, she gave
it £reely and gave it all. You called upon her
for her blood. She iook her children from her
bosom and offered them to supply it. With her
spirit, with her appreciation of the great princi-
ples of representative and of popular government
which your case involved, and with her holy en-
thusiasm in their support, Virginia would have
befen utterly recreant to herself if she had done
anything else ,or anything less than she did.
But irt all this she felt and knew that she was
more than your political ally—more than your
political friend. She felt and knew that she was
your near, natural-born relation—such in virtue of
your common descent, but such far more still, in vir-
tue of the higher attributes of a congenial and kin-
dred nature. Do not be startled at the idea of com-
mon qualities between the American cavalier and
the American roundhead. [Note.—At this point
Mr. McDowell's hour having expired, he was
about to close his remaiks, when he was called
upon from all parts of*the Hall, with strong em-
phasis, to "goon"—"goon." To this request,
the committee giving its unanimous consent, he
proceeded:] Do not be startled, Mr. Chairman,
at the idea of a close and near relationship between
the impetuous and haughty, but courteous colonist
of Jamestown, with his intense point of personal
honor, and his devotion to all that is stirring in
the incidents of life, and the stern, solemn, self-
denying, almost ascetic pilgrim of Plymouth. A
proud but misguided legality drives the defenders
of the Stuaits to the shores of the Chesapeake,
that there, in privation and in poverty, if need be,
they might follow out the impulses of their own
honor and their own free will, without let or hin-
drance from human authority. A pure, exclusive,
uncompromising spirit of religion, that could not
mingle with, and that would not be controlled by
He dieaded lest it should fade from the^Iiistory of :i the corruptions of earth, drives a persecuted but a
t1 precious people to the rocks of Massachusetts Bay,
that there, whatever else might betide them, they
could pour out their hearts as they pleased to Him
whom it was the richest of all their delights to
worship and to serve. A heroic and unconquer-
able will, differently directed, is the pervasive and
master element in the character of both. Sec-
ondary differences—the differences of culture—a
culture which, in the one case, was directed to
train the heart for all that was gay and glad and
animating in life; and in the other, to train it for
a subdued, chastened, concentrated spirituality-
the woild, and be lost to the gaze and the animad-
version of man. Sir, if you will only push on the
controversy which now disturbs us, from -angrier
to angrier tone, if you will only settle it here
with deliberate indignity and wrong to one of the
parties it involves, you will soon interweave with
the richest and purest national happiness which it
was ever allowed any people on earth to enjoy, a
rriemorial of national sorrow, withering and crush-
ing enough to have satisfied the monster wish and
the monster heart of Caligula himself. I
But, Mr. Chairman, when i pass by the collect-
ive parties in this case, and recall the particular j these have thrown around our ancestors a various
ones; When 1 see that my own State is as deeply costume, anil have Inno- ovhihiteH n,„,v,  
ny own State is as deeply
implicated in the trouble and the danger of it as
any other, and shares, to the full, with all of her
southern colleagues, in the most painful apprehen-
sions of its issue,—when I see this, 1 turn invol-
untarily, and with unaffected deference of spirit,
and aslf, What, in this exigent moment to Vir-
costume, and have long exhibited them to one an
I other and to the world in all the glare of a pictured
and dramatic contrast. But in that proud and i
lofty spirit which claims the human will for itself,
which indignantly repulses every desire or effort
to control it, as an unwarrantable and impious
• • 'lis. * i . . ,, ~ " i wrong—in that they were thoroughly and mdis-
Sh Mas<lacl}llseus do'—that Massachusetts solubly one. The same in this master quality, so
which, in the designations of our early colonial controlling in itself of all others, it was impossible
his ory, was known as ^orthern Virginia. What ,, for them to be otherwise than blended by it
will Northern Virginia do, in the matter befpre us, j, promptly, harmoniously, gloriously, at the very
fo. hei southern namesaku and sister.' Will you dawn of our national day. They were the first, as
US f,'reSeW ,fr ^P1'686"13" i,' a consequence, to proclaim and to resist the a-
f iHh   h i T°U to°' iorSeu,nS ali t,ie IM3t> Putgressions of England, and never after, even in the
rhmV) ? S Ignominiously upon the • ■ fainting hours of the struggle that followed, were
cheek in your own early day of deepest ex- , they absent from the-duty or the spot where their
trermty and distress—the day of the Boston Port '! valor or their counsels were required. Nourished
Bill—when your beautiful capital was threatened by the same spirit, sharing as twin sisters m the
with extinction, and England was collecting her stru^g-Ie and the heritage Sf the ! 'c'""1 i" "%r ow"; 10 De reaay ourselvcs l° sacri-
gigamic power to sweep your liberties away, Vir- : whaUs there in any dfmand of national f ,1 ' "eed be'that sh® may never sor"
or no aAAi JL'—, I. !V..ls.?n.-e , ^ y acma™ °.f..nat,ona' faltI> or •• row or perish: and f there is a curse in  ll
grounds—the sound and the true grounds of na-
tional conduct—that should induce Massachusetts
to disavow the rights, disown the equality, dis-
dain the remonstrance, or scorn the feelings and
the honor of her best, her strongest, and her ear-
liest friend? What is there in the possibilities of
sectional advantage so precious as to justify her,
or any other, in risking, for a single moment, the
danger of incurable family discord in order to ob-
tain "it? It is not for us as a people or as States,
to stay the march of that unseen and eternal cause
which sweeps over the devices and the trophies of
man, ahd crowds whole nations, in melancholy
procession, to the tomb. But it is for us, as both,
to stay the very beginnings of that family quarrel
which never fails, wheresoever it occurs, to hurry
onward and downward the destiny of a people,
and which so strips the destiny that it hurries on
of every hope that could soothe, and so surrounds
it with every element of utter and appalling woe,
as to mark it but from all common curses for the
shuddering, the horror, and the admonition of
man. Shrinking from such a fate as this, and
from the causes that impel to it, we cherish with
the deeper fervor the just and the natural hope
that here, in this honored temple of our common
liberty, Virginia and Massachusetts, by whose
hands and whose wisdom in chief it was reared
into power, will sit and worship side by side for
ever; that here, in the peace of Heaven and of each
other, with clean hands and pure hearts, they will
always minister in public things, doing right to
all, wrong to none; that here they will carry on,
to its brightest consummation, the illustrious career
they have begun, comforting, cheering, support-
ing one another through all the conflicts of the
day; and mitigating, should they ever come, the
convulsions of the last hour by the soothings of
a last embrace: thus testifying, for the honor of
our nature, to a national fidelity, which there was
nothing in the power of temptation that could cor-
rupt, and nothing but the power of death that could
destroy. *
Gentlemen, Representatives of Massachusetts,
what say you? Are you agreed? Your equals
before the Revolution began—your equals when it
did begin—confederated as your equals in 1777—
united as such in 1787—cooperating with you as
such m the administration of our common country
from the declaration of independence to the present
hour, and so confederated, united, and cooperating
with you with all the local rights and institutions
which are objected to us now—are you agreed that
what wc were and are, and ought to be and must
be, we shall always continue to be, your equals 
inviolably your equals still? Are you agreed to
this? If so, then, in the sight of Heaven and of
man, we shall renew this day a compact, not of
peace only—no, no; not only of peace, grateful
as that alone would be—but a compact of immor-
tality for our country.
As the powers of this Government, and, there-
fore, to a great extent, the destinies of this country
are intrusted officially to our hands, it is our duty
to give all vigilance of ear and eye and thought 
to everything that can affect them. It is for us,
then, to be warned by that voice that comes- from
all the records of all the past, and comes to ad-
monish us, that lost republics are lost forever; that
though their spirit never dies, but abides upon the
earth to enlighten, to improve, and to bless it, yet
that it never revives to regenerate themselves.
Look at the reptile1 and the tiger, as they have
dwelt for ages in the habitations of the Holy City;
look at despotism, worse than either, as it has
i nestled and brooded with its raven wing upon the
very bosom of buried republics, and be warned of
that mysterious doom, that evident ordination from
; on. h|eh> which connects, in eternal fellowship, the
privileges with the punishments of nations, and
never allots the highest blessings but side by side
with the heaviest woes. Let us be warned by this
fated conjunction to put away all passion, and pre-
judice, and parricide—unacknowledged but latent
parricide—from amongst us, to gaiher around and
press to the side of our country; to heal the cha-
fiings and wounds of her spirit by the unity and
fervor of our own; to be ready ourselvcs to sacri-
for °dds> «"d counting no cost, i; of constitutional duty, or of public "morals""which .
y, generously, instantly, stepped foith for jj should separate tbemnow? What is there in these i
or perish; and if there is a curse in all our
borders, let it abide for the overwhelming of him
who cometh not up in the hour of trouble to succor,
