1849.]
.APPENDIX TO THE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
221
30th Cong 2d Sess.
__ Slavery in the Territories—Mr. Turner.'
Ho. of Reps.
I was remarking, Mr. Chairman, that the South
itself had endorsed the Missouri compromise no
longer ago than last session. They were satisfied
with it then. They were satisfied with it until the
present winter, when it was put forth as a charge
of aggression upon the South by the people of the
North. I think this is a sufficient reply to the
grave charge -brought against the people of the
North.
The next charge—one which has already pro-
duced probably more ili-feeling than all the others
"combined, and one which addresses itself to the
interests and the pockets of the people of the
South—is, that the North has violated the Con-
stitution of the United States, because they have
ceased to aid mas.ters in recapturing their fugitive
slaves. The charge is gravely put forth that the
North is in the habit of pirating upon the South,
and that the Constitution was violated in that par-
ticular. Let me state what I consider the consti-
tutional provision to be in respect to fugitive slaves.
I had some notes prepared, and some authorities
also, which it was my intention to have read. But
I shall be compelled to be absent from this House
for a few days; and I came here this morning un-
prepared with my papers. I must, therefore, speak
from memory. If 1 understand the clause of the
Constitution in respect to fugitive slaves, it is that
no person held to labor in one portion of the Union,
escaping into another, shall be discharged from
that labor, but shall be given up to the persons
entitled to it. I quote the clause substantially, not
in its terms.
Now, under this clause, what is the manifest duty
of the North ? When a slave comes among us, is
it our duty to take him up and advertise him as
we would a stray horse? Does the Constitution
require us tn take a slave or-a negro man, coming
into our territory,and take him back to the South
—to inquire who is his master, and to give him up
to him? No such thing will be contended for by
the most ultra pro-slavery party.
What is the ground of complaint? It is, that
we have not passed efficient laws in our States to
enable the owners of slaves to recapture them.
t>oes the Constitution require us to pass such
laws? Clearly not. I understand the provision
to be, simply, that we are to let the slaves alone;
that we are to have no part nor lot in slavery. The
provision of the Constitution respecting fugitive
slaves 
The SPEAKER informally resumed the chair,
for the purpose of receiving a message from the
President of the United States, by the hands of J.
K. Walker, Esq., his Private Secretary, stating
that the President had approved and signed certain
bills.
The CHAIRMAN resumed the chair.
Mr. TURNER proceeded with his remarks. 1
have just been informed (he said) that the gentle-
man who gave me the statement a short time ago,
and which 1 communicated to the committee, that
the Missouri compromise was among the records
of the Senate, in the handwriting of Mr. Clay,
was mistaken. It was the tariff compromise. 1
'think it proper to make this public explanation.
But it does not alter the fact that Mr. Clay has
always been regarded as the author of that great
measure.
When I was interrupted, I was proceeding to
show what I considered the duty of the northern
States to be m respect to fugitive slaves. And I
advance no new doctrine wh£n I say, that in the
early history of our Government, slavery was re-
garded as a local institution. And I have the au-
thority of almost every southern State in the Union
for making that assertion. I believe it to be the
constitutional provision; I believe slavery to be a
local institution; and 1 'know very well, that in
- reply to all the abolition lectures ever delivered in
the northern part of the Republic, the ground was
pearly taken' that slavery was a local institution,
and that it belonged to the States where it existed.
I know, too, that this is a doctrine of the South.
If, then, it is a local institution, I inquire, what
ffert have we to take in arresting fugitive slaves
under the provision of the Constitution ? The
clause of that instrument which provicjes for the
delivering up of fugitives from justice requires that
application shall be made to the Executive of the
State, and that through him the fugitives shall be
given up. Now, an attempt is made to show that
the case in respcct to fugitive slaves is a parallel
case. - I hold that it is not. I know that this is
the ground taken by the Supreme Court in the
celebrated case of Prigg. And I feel confident that
the Supreme Court erred when it held that claims
in relation to fugitive slaves were parallel to claims-
of fugitives for crime. They hekl that something
affirmative had to be done by the people of the
North to deliver up the slaves. If slavery is a
local institution, and if it depends on the clause of
the Constitution, 1 ask, is it our duty to pass laws
compelling our magistrates and courts to enter into
the business of recapturingand delivering up slaves?
To understand this matter fuliy, it may be well
to glance at what is the law in regard to persons
throughout the civilized world, where slavery does
not exist. All human beings are by nature free,
and it requires an artificial state of society to make
them anything else; hence, in the absence of law,
every human being is free, no matter where he
may have come from, nor what may have been
his condition previously. A man who was a slave
in France or the United States, becomes a freeman
when he lands in England. Nay, more, a slave
escaping from South Carolina, and fleeing to Rus-
sia, becomes free in the latter country, and is ab-
solved from all allegiance to his master. This is
the universal law throughout Christendom. Now,
if the Government of the United "States, like that
of most if not ail other countries, were single and
absolute, it would have the power to create or abol-
ish slavery; but our Federal Government was
instituted for national purposes, that the several
States might have one head, through which they
could perform all those acts which pertain to na-
tional sovereignty. Its attributes do not extend
to internal affairs any further than they are per-
mitted by express or cleaily implied grains in the J
Constitution. Hence, in that instrument, we find !
an enumeration of all the powers granted, and then, !
as if to prevent mistake or misconstruction, there I
is a clause which declares "that all powers not \
' herein granted are reserved to the States or the
'people." To illustrate more clearly: Previous to
the Confederation of the several States, each was
absolutely sovereign and independent of the others,
as much so as England is independent of Fiance.
Those States, then, which held slaves, held them
by right of their State sovereignty, and a slave
escaping from his master, and fleeing to one of the
free States, would thereby become a freeman, as
much so as if he escaped to England. It there-
fore became a matter for grave discussion, and of
no little difficulty, in forming the Confederation or
Union of the States, to devise some plan to over-
come that universal law of nature and of nations
by which the slave regained his freedom when he
entered the precincts of a free State. The result
was, the adoption of the clause which provides
that a person held to labor in one State, and es-
caping into another, should not thereby be released
from such service or labor, but should be delivered
up, &c. The Constitution also provides that in
case of insurrection the several States shall aid in
quelling it. These weie concessions granted m
favor of the slaveholding States, particularly that
in regard to fugitive slaves; but, by granting those
concessions, we by no means adopted slavery as
a national institution. If we did so adopt it, we
clearly have a right to abolish it within all our
borders. I therefore maintain, that if the South
desire to perpetuate that institution, they must
not attempt to force it into free portions of the
Union. There is clearly no clause m the Consti-
tution which requires the people of the free States
to aid in the recapture of a slave; their duty to the
South ceases when they permit the master, unmo-
lested, to pursue and take him.
Now, the complaint in the Southern Address is,
that we have aided the escape of fugitive slaves.
I defy any gentleman on this floor, or elsewhere,
to point to a single instance where a law has been
passed by any of the northern States to prevent a
master from recapturing his slave. Such a law
has never been passed.
And if riots have sometimes occurred when a li
master undertook to recapture his slave in a free
State, such not was a violation of law; and in most '
cases persons concerned m them are made amena- j;
ble to the law. No State has ever been so fortu- j;
nate as to suppress ci ime, although it may do all in ,!
its power to prevent it. There are regularly organ- li
ized gangs of horse-thieves extending from the free
States into the slaveholding States, and a-man who
steals a horse in Illinois, and flees to Missouri,
cannot be tried in the latter State for the crime;
and if a citizen of Illinois steals and carries away
a slave from Kentucky, be cannot be tried in Illi-
nois for the offence; but upon indictment in Ken-
tucky, the Executive thereof can 'demand, and
have the offender delivered up to the authorities of
that State. Here, then, is a remedy for the charge
that we decoy slaves from their masters; and if
southern gentlemen would reflect a moment, they
would see that the crime of slave-stealing ought to
be punished in the slaveholding States.
The ground of complaint (if ground of complaint
there be) is, that we have forbidden our officers to
meddle in recapturing slaves, have denied the use
of our prison's for this purpose. A gentleman near
me reminds me that we have also passed laws
making it penal for our citizens to aid in the recap-
ture of slaves. I am not aware of the fact, though
it may be so. If it is so, I want to know if it in-
terferes with the constitutional provision. There
is no clause of the Constitution which requires us
to aid and abet the master in the pursuit of his
slave.
Mr. MEADE interposed, and begged to remind
the gentleman from Illinois that the Constitution
imposed a duty, an obligation upon the States into-
which a slave might escape: that he was to he
" delivered up" upon the claim of the owner. He
would ask the gentleman if the law to which he
had alluded did not interpose obstacles instead of
affording assistance to the owner in the recovery
of his slave?
'Mr. TURNER, (continuing.) I am not aware
of any law that throws any obstacles in the way
oP the master in the recovery of his slave against
the requirements of the Constitution, if it is an
obstacle that our prisons are barred against them,
and our magistrates required not to arrest them, I
hold that there is no provision in the Constitution
which requires that we should take any such
measures ^to aid them. 1 know, after the Consti-
tution of the United States was adopted, that this
subject of slavery was mixed up with the politics
of the country; a gieat effort was made to pro-
pitiate the South, and laws were passed opening
our jails for the detention of the slave, and aiding
and abetting the master in his recapture. I hold
that these laws, if not unconstitutional, were with-
out the authority of the Constitution.
But the third grand charge brought by this Ad-
dress against the North is, that we have been in
the habit of agitating this subject of slavery; that
we have established presses and made publications
at the North to defend the cause of liberty; that we
have'made speeches on the subject, here and else-
where; that we have attempted, by these speeches,
to instigate the slaves to rebellion. I am not
aware of the fact that we have sent Abolitionists
into the southern States, though perhaps it has
been done; but if we have, 1 hold that we have
the constitutional right to do so; and one remark
ought to silence this charge forever: it is, that if
we have an institution in our country which cannot
bear the light of truth, which is based upon dark
ignorance, and depends upon ignorance for its sup-
port and countenance, it is time, high time that that
institution should be exposed. 1 do not say whether
slavery is right or wrong, when 1 make this asser-
tion. If it is right, all the arrows of falsehood that
can be hurled against it by all the Abolitionists in
Christendom cannot affect it; it will stand immu-
table as the pillars of Heaven. But if it is wrong—-
if it is a crime—if it is against justice—if Jt isagain&t
right and reason—I say, also, to the South, Be-
ware of discussion ! for I tell you that tjie arrows of
truth, pointed by the force of reason, will penetrate
to the very center and foundation of every institu-
tion in this Republic that is against natural right
and natural reason.
But have we offended in discussing this subject?
Why, the Constitution expressly guaranties the
right of speech and the liberty of the press. I un-
derstand it to be an inherent right of American
citizenship to assemble together, to discuss, to
argue, to publish, to do everything to disseminate
truth, and even falsehood, Bui 1 think, in the lan-
guage of a high southern authority, that there ia
little danger to be apprehended from error when
truth is left free to combat it, before an intelligent
