APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 23,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Slavery in the Territories—Mr. Turner. _
Ho. of Reps.
people like the people of the United States. Now,
is it a charge worthy of being put into this grave
declaration of independence that we have discussed
the subject of slavery in the North ? Is it a suffi-
cient cause why this Utjion^should be dissolved,
that we at the Jfoith have diseased the subject of
slavery ?
Put there is another charge, viz: that we have
agitated thg subject m Congiess—that we are con-
stantly exciting the people of the .North by bring-
ing in bills and resolutions calculated to interfere
with the constitutional rights of the South. Well,
I am not prepared to say that we may not have,
in some degree, overstepped the constitutional
bounds m this respect. But if we have, we have
_ done n boldly; we have brought our propositions
before Congress and given you the chance to com-
bat them; and 1 believe the people of the Worth are
honest; i believe, as soon as you convince them
that we have overleaped the Constitution, that they
will bo ready to retract; and if unconstitutional
laws have been passed, 1 believe the northern peo-
ple aie ready to be convinced of it, and- to instruct
their repiesentatives to correct the evil.
Mr- STARKWEATHER interposed, and in-
quired of the gentleman if he did not speak for
himself, and not for the people of the Worth?
Mr. TURINER. 1 speak, as the gentleman says,
for the people of the Worth. I saw a smile upon
the countenances of some gentlemen when I stated
that we had perhaps overleaped the Constitution.
I will explain: i do not consider that the bunging
in a bill to abolish the slave trade in the District of
Columbia, or the passage of such a bill—if such a
bill were to be passed—would be a violation of
the Constitution. Although I have always con-
sidered the Wilmot proviso as calculated to agi-
tate rather than to do good, I do not believe that
its adoption by Congress would be a violation of
the Constitution. But we have had bills here, if 1
mistake not, for the purpose ol abolishing slavery
at the dliferent military posts on the southern, as
well as on the northern hontiei. I consider that
«ny rights reserved by the United States within
the territory of any Suite, are reserved for specific
purposes, and have nothing to do with the general
sovereignty; and upon a construction of this kind,
it is possible that we may have overleaped the
bounds of the Constitution m proposing'to abolish
slavery at these military posts of the United States.
But another ground ot complaint in this Address
is, that we seek, by the Wilmot proviso, to exclude
the South from the Territories of New Mexico and
California. Tins chaige is made the more imposing
from the array of figuies which appear in the South-
ern Add.ess, by which it is attempted to be shown j
that the South not only furnished lis quota of men <
to conduct the war, but actually furnished moie j
than lis just proportion. 1 deny this statement.
I admit, mat so far as mere numbers are concerned,
not taking into consideration the term of enlist-
ment, the South furnished the greatest number in
pioportion to its population; but, considering the
duiation of the term ot seivice, including the regu-
lar aimy and the navy, the North had the prepon-
derance.
Fhere is another fact which I wish to state in
this connection. This is brought as a chaige
against the North. Jtis put foith in this mani-
festo, INow, if the South furnished more men
than the JNorth, what was the cause of it? Was
it because the people of the North were backward
to come forward at the call of their country? or
was it because a southern man had the reins of .
Government, and received more men into the ser- I
vice from the South than from the North? Why 1
the stufe was not who should get rid of goin°- to '
Mexico, but who should have the opportunity to f
go. No effort was required to get troops; on the '
dreds of thousands of men whose services were
ready, and from whom a choice was made—rand
the balance sent home disappointed, I ask if that
should be brought as a charge against the North .?
It seems to me unjust.
I have now noticed all the charges which^are
brought against us; and as the Address says noth-
ing about the complaints which we of the North
might make against the South, I propose to men-
tion a few of them. I do not think there is much
difference in the grounds of complaint which the
North and the South have against each other. . If
we have infringed in any measure upon their
rights, they have upon ours also. One would
suppose, from reading the celebrated Address, that
the South had never transgressed; that they had
always been conciliatory; that they had never
offended the North in any respect. I consider that
they have. I consider that the most flagrant vio-
lation of the Constitution everperpetiated in these
United States was the law of South Carolina for-
bidding the colored citizens of Massachusetts from
going into that State; even imprisoning them when
they go there aboard their vessels. I know it
may be answered that Massachusetts has no right
to make the negroes citizens; but she has just the
same right that South Carolina has to make them
slaves; and the Supreme Court, in the celebrated
case which has lately been adjudicated within this
Capitol, says in effect that that law of South Car-
olina! is unconstitutional. The law of South Car-
olina not only prevents the black citizen of Massa-
chusetts from going into South Carolina, but it
prevents an appeal being taken from the judgment
of the courts of that State to the Supreme Court
of the United States, and therefore cuts off one of
the inherent rights of the American citizen—the
right of appeal to the superior courts. Is not this
an offence, a cause of complaint? I know it may
be said that this is an old subject, and has been j
talked of before; but so have the charges which
are put forth in this Address been talked of before.
Here, then, is an offence against the Constitution,
against Massachusetts, and all the States who
make the blacks citizens.
But there is another offence, and in that offence
I must say that the people of the North—and I am
sorry to say the pai ty to which I belong—have to
some extent acquiesccd, and given their aid and
countenance to it. It is an outrage upon the people
of this Republic, such as would scarcely be tolerated
in England, or in any othercountry. 1 allude to the
"twenty-first rule," which hung like an incubus ;
upon this House for many years. I allude to that '
rule, because I consider it the base, the ground-
work upon which most of this slavery agitation
has been built up. If that weapon had not been
put into the hands of the Abolition party of the
North j* Abolitionism would have died before it had
well been born. But a great right—one of the dear-
est and most sacred rights of the Amencan citizen,
was trampled upon; and the issue was changed ,
from Abolitionism to the right of petition, and the i
force of truth was with the party who maintained
the right of petition, and it gave them a power
which they never could have had under any other
circumstances. The whole issue was m conse-
quence of this state of things changed, and from
being the Abolition party, it had become the Lib-
eity parly; and the Liberty party had grown from
a handful until it pervaded the entire North, and
had more or less strength in almost every section
and Congressional district of the North. And (to
make use of a quotation) have we been wanting in
courtesy to our southern brethren that they should
thus revolt against us? Why, has not a portion
of the North slood up like a wall of fire between
the Abolition party and the South?
Have not a
contrary, manv who were 7i" """ N Portton of the North planted themselves on the
have £
eight regiments, including regulars and volunteers,
from Illinois, that new and small Stute, and yet 1
not one-half went from that State who were pre-
paied to go. And because the President did not re- ■
ceive us, is it to be brought as a charge against us? |
WJ> had had a President from Illinois, lie would ;
perhaps have received more of our men. I have
upon, and which they have most signally failed to
[ do? Our doctrine is what was originally the doc-
trine of the South—that slavery is a local institu-
tion, and that we have no right to interfere with
it.
Democratic party upon that platform.
themselves have deserted us, they have attempted
I say a large portion of the North stood by the
South until she forsook her old doctrines of non-
interference. When the cry was raised to reject
the purchase of Louisiana because of slavery, that
cry was unheeded, and that territory was admit-
ted with all her slaves, and has since been erected
into three large flourishing slaveholding States.
Florida was purchased and admitted into the Union
a slaveholding State. Texas was admitted a slave-
holding State, with the right to subdivide into three
slaveholding States. In all this did the North at-
tempt to destroy the municipal laws and domestic
institutions of those countries? Did the North
threaten a dissolution of the Union unless slavery
should be abolished? Clearly not. In all our pur-
chases or conquests, New Mexico and California
alone have been free; they alone of our purchases
have furnished an outlet to the free labor of the
North. And shall the Union be dissolved because
we protest against planting slavery on the free soil
of those territories?
It may be asked, what has that revolutionary
convention and that southern address to do with
the form of government we shall establish over our
western possessions. To my mind it has much
to do. There is an axiom that " revolutions never
go backwards;" and the reason why it is so, is
because the counsels of wisdom are not heeded by
the rebelled against more than the rebelling. When
a spirit of discontent has seized upon a portion of
11 a community, the government generally frills into
11 one of two fatal errors; either of which is calcu-
lated to fan the flame of discord, and to hasten
that which it seeks to prevent. The first and most
common error is, for a government to crush with
its power the first symptoms of rebellion; to hunt
down and [jersecute us instigators, and, by force
and cruelty,'arouse the people to a phrensied in-
dignation. Such a course, m a government like
ours, could end in nothing but disaster. The
other error, though slower in its operation, is no
less fatal. It is to yield to a rebelling faction a
principle of right, for the purpose of propitiating
its favor. By that you may avert the stroke of
the uplifted,arm, but you only nerve that arm and
strengthen it for a more deadly blow. Let those
who hold this Union so cheaply know that you
tremble beneath their frown, and that you will re-
trace your steps because they have threatened you,
and how long will it be before every important
measure will be carried through Congress in the
same manner? Nay, further; how long will it be
until the election of your Chief Magistrate will be
made to turn upon the threat of a party who would
dissolve the Union to carry out a particular meas-
ure? Our duty, then, obviously is, not to swerve
to the right hand or to the left, but by moderation
and firmness to establish territorial governments
over those countries, and to secure to the people
all the rights and immunities of which they were
possessed at the time they were annexed. If we
do thjs, the southern convention will come to
nought and be forgotten, like the Hartford Con-
vention or the nullification of South Carolina.
But the times arc portentous when, under the roof
of this Capitol, and <vithin the walls of this tem-
ple dedicated to liberty and our whole country, a
secret conclave, with barred doors, can 3it at the
hour of midnight to calculate the value of this
Union, and to deliberate upon its overthrow.
When the foundations of this Capitol were laid
deep in the earth, our fathers looked to it with
pride and with hope. Their imaginations ran
down the vista of years, and they beheld their
children s children, to the remotest generations, as-
sembled beneath this dome to deliberate and enact
laws for the government of a great, a happy, and
a united people. Alas, that it should ever be pros-
tituted to any other use! Can it indeed be said,
that blessings have been showered upon us with
so liberal a hand that we have forgotten the Great
uriver, and are rushing.matlly upon our own de-
, struction? Oh, my country! shall I or my chil-
i dren cease to look upon thy comely proportions?
no reason to comnlain of the nrm.nT ii t0, r0," l'ie ^lack t't'e slavery upon territories
lie did as well The coJ.° K ! Si?™ now <">?•and <*   £>  - to assist
u ,   if he selected
w," ",wn lllan  0i'tl ern men—I say se-
lected, because he had to choose; we had hun-
r ,„.™, ,i,„, ,i o .u? . to loot upon tny comely proportions!1
!0cratic nm , V n 1hU has not stood by the j Shall we live to behold thy broken fVagmimts scat-
locratic nmtv nl,„fn,,v, But lhey j tered by the hand of civil dlgcord? c^n thecaus.e
of freedom be advanced by extending slavery? Is
slavery so^tiong, and are the bonds of our Union
so weak that they must burst asunder, that it may
have an outlet?
them in that unholy work, and many of our men
have stood by them until they have been cut down
by the popular resentment at home.
Physically, our country is the most wonderful
upon the face of the earth. Nature seems to hava
