m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 17,
30th Cong.'...,2d Sess.
Governments for the New Territories—Mr, Bvckncr.
Ho. of Rep
■s.
3d. In the year 1800, Congress passed an act to
divide the territories belonging to the United
, States northwest of the Ohio river, into two sepa-
rate governments. This act gave to the Territory
of Indiana a government similar to that provided
by the ordinance of 1787 for the Northwest Terri-
tory.
4th. On the 26th March, 1804, an act passed
• dividing Louisiana into two territories. The 10th
section of the act had three provisions in respect to
the subject of slavery. First, the importation of
slaves from any place without the limit of the Uni-
ted States was prohibited*, second, the importa-
tion from any place within the hmitsof theUnited
States of slaves imported since the first of May,
1798, was prohibited; and third, the importation
of slaves except by a citizen of the United States
removing into said territory for actual settlement,
and being at the time of such removal bona Jide
owner of such slaves, was prohibited. Congress,
by these prohibitions, imposed restrictions upon its
extension even within territories m which it exist-
ed. It was a direct prohibition of the domestic
slave trade—it was an act of power in respect to
the territories which Congress did not possess in
respect to theStates.. This act was signed by Mr.
Jefferson.
5th. On the 11th January, 1805, an act was
passed establishing the Territory of Michigan, with
a government including the sixth article of the ordi-
nance of 1787.
*6th". On the 3d February, 1309, a similar govern-
ment was established for the Temtory of Jllinuis.
These acts were appioved by Mr. JeiTeison.
7th. On the 4th June, 1813, an act was passed
providing for the government of the Territory of
Missouri, and the laws and regulations in force in
the district of Louisiana were continued in opera-
tion.
8th. On the 3d March, 1817, a government was
formed for the Territory of Alabama, and the laws
then in force within it as a part <Jf Mississippi,
were continued in operation.
9th. On the 2d March, 1819, the Territory of
Arkansas was formed from the Territory of Mis-
souri, and a government formed for it.
■ 10th. On the 30th March, 1822, an act was passed
for the territorial government of Florida, contain-
ing provisions making it unlawful to import or
bring within the said Territory, from any place
without the territory of the United States, any
slave or slaves. These acts were passed under
Mr. Monroe's administration.
11th. On the 20th April, 1836, an act was passed
establishing the territorial government of Wiscon-
sin, securing to the inhabitants " the rights, privi-
leges, and advantages" secured to the people of
the Northwest Temtoiy by the ordinance of 1787.
This act was signed by General Jackson. On the '
12th June, 1RS8, a terntorial government for fowa '
was established, and the laws of the United States !
extended over it. This act was signed by Mr. !
Van Buren. ' j
12th. Near the close of the last session of this !
Congress, a government was established for the I
Territory of Oregon, extending the ordinance of'
1787, or, in other words, the Wilmot proviso, |
over it. The act was approved by Mr."Folk. 1
These legislative precedents commenced duimo- '
the first Congress holden under our present form |
of government, and have continued without inter-
ruption to the present time. i
The acts referred to recognize, regulate, and pro- I
nil!'laVery'8 rl "'(aCt embrace a fu! land com-1 ac,iulreu ,0
plete exeictse of legislative power over the whole ' believe slavery to lip
subject. Many of them were passed by the con- - " - ' '" <
sent of those very patriots and statesmen who aided
rent weight of evidence adduced. 1 again repeat, I
am constrained to believe Congress has the power,
under the Constitution, to admit slavery into or
exclude it from the territories. The testimony
and authorities referred to clearly demonstrate the
non-existence of negro slavery within New Mexico
and California,and the impracticability of its being
carried there, except by the assent of Congress.
Can that be obtained ? A considerable majority
of all the members of this branch of Congress are
from the free Slates. The people whom they repre-
sent are opposed to slavery, and regard it as a
moral and political evil.
Shortly after the adoption of our present form
of government, the States of the North, in which
| population, it is weil known, are opposed to it.
j Of those going fiom the slave States notorie in fifty
' will be a slaveholder,and none will take their slaves
i with them, because, when voluntarily carried there
I by their master, they become entitled to their free-
i dom. Two-thiids of the emigrants will be from
i the free States and countries where it is not recog-
nized, and will be finally adverse to it.
But should the citizens of lhe--e Territories desire
admission into the Union with that feature in their
Constitution, Congress would not suffer it. The
Constitution of the United Slates says: " Congres3
may admit new States into the Union," thereby
| giving to them full and discretionary power upon
the subject. The treaty with the Republic of Mex-
very then existed, gave an indubitable proof of f| ico stipulates that the time of their admission into
:ir attachment to the principles of universal free- the Union shall depend npon the will of Congiess. •
their
dom ami abhorrence of human bondage, by com-
mencing a course of legislation for "its gradual
extinction, which haslongsince been accomplished.
| The frequent agitation of the subject of slavery,
1 and the acrimonious and vindictive discussions
emanating from it, has considerably increased the
enmity of the'northern people to the institution, jj mere moonshine, l^s   ...  
and settled the public-mind against the further en- j expediency and of julRce. Taking into consider-
I am satisfied both natural causes and political
J causes exist which will ever prevent slaveiy being
I established in these Territories. 1 should consider
| my conduct unwise and impolitic to oppose the
; establishment of governments where the necessity
I for them is so urgent, by a eaiyl upon a matter of
mere moonshine. lt_js exclusively a question of
largement of the area of slavery. If there is one
sentiment common to the people of the North it is
a fixed and unalterable determination to resist, by
i all lawful and constitutional means, the introduc-
I tion of negro slavery into these territories. Is
! there a member m this Chamber from the free
j States, who will truly reflect the wishes of his con-
stituents "by voting to extend it beyond its present
j ation all (he circumstan-.es of the controversy, I
j believe it would be expedient in the members of
! Congress from the slave States to agree to the
J establishment of a government with a clause pro-
j hibiting slavery. By so doing they sacrifice no
j interest, concede no principle, nor abandon any
rights belonging to the slave States. It would take
the principal element from the question of the abo-
limits? No gentleman can be elected fiom any jl lition of slavery, the agitation of which can do no
: one of all the Congressional districts of the free jj good^o the South, and may be productive of much
States, who is not pledged or known to be opposed ji mischief and evil to the whole Union.
to it. The governments cannot be organized unless 'J The dishonest interference, by (he Abolitionists,
the principle of slaveryjje excluded. Upon this !j with the vested rights of the people of the slave
States, guarantied to them in the compromises of
the Constitution, has greatly embarrassed and de-
subject the people of the North will neither be infiu
cnced by persuasion, nor intimidated by threats.
They know their rights, and are determined to
maintain them by the use of all lawful means. It
is unnecessary for me to decide upon the justice
of their resolve. 1 only speak of it as an existing
arid unquestionable fact. Can the interest of the
slave States be promoted by a failure at this ses-
j sion to organize governments for the territories?
I Arc the probabilities increased of slavery being
i established there by such delay? I cannot per-
ceive upon \\ hat foundation such a hope can be
reared. The people of the North argue, that to
admit slavery is, m effect, to exclude free labor;
that experience has tested that fice labor and slave
tabor will not fraternize; that it never has and
never will exist to any extent together; that free
labor is necessarily degraded by an association
! with slave labor; and consequently the people of
i the North are virtually excluded fiom these tein-
j tones, if negro slavery is ^nutted. They further
, state, that of all the territory acquired by purchase
j of Prance and Spam, now including the States of
| Louisiana, Arkansas,Missouri,Iowa,and Florida,
four out of the five have been admitted into the
i Union as slave States, and Texas, by the articles
; of annexation, came in as a slave State; that, here- !
tofore, if slavery existed m the territories at the!
time of its acquisition, it.was recognized in the !
territorial government furnished them by Con-:
gress; that this territory came into the Union free, j
and they only demand it may be kept so by a law
of Congress; but the South, selfish and exacting, '
refuse this reasonable request, tifer having hereto- ;
Ioie appropriated rive-sixths of the States pre-!
viously acquired to the uses of slavery. They
subject. '['em were" passed'"by'the'ccTn- j; ical^nstftutioii^ elevating ^he'slavehuld^r^atove™!]
in the formation of our Constitution, who
reasonable to presume, best urnieistood the extent
of legislative power conferred by that instrument,
lhese acts have been approved by all the Piesidents
'who were incumbents of the Executive chair at the
time or then-several enactments, from Washington
to Fobc. I hey have been invariably sustained by
the decisions of the Supreme Court, a coordinate
aepartmentof ourGovernment,authorized todecide
all constitutional questions, and from whose onm
ions no appeals are known by the 1
stimulus to labor, and sinking the other part of the
community below it; that it is the duty of Con-
gress to shape its laws so as to produce the greatest
good to the greatest number; that but few of the
whole number of the citizens even of the slave
States are slaveholders, consequently, as Congress
en com ages the extension of slavery, they crush the
ngiiis- and humble the social position of all other
classes oMhe community. Will men entertaining
anu cherishing such opinions abandon thei
T.    ....iTsS& ™ri:r^^,±,n¥oveTrCTi;'i51^
The wliters on our constitutional laws admit the ' vili m T, !ii erms claimed by t,ie. North sions upon their respective ri
existence of the power. The Constitution expressly ■ 1' r<h.Tf'' wlf'7 to 3 m" ,low extent it is'- <■
grant* it, in my opinion. But, ifa doubt Un®ere5 !' S Zf£ n-"T' • W'" CK,zftns fl/"ti,ese Constitute
- my it would be removed by the concur- j< conSf ^ ftSt ||
layed the settlement of this controversy by exciting
sectional jealousies and local animosities. Their
aggressions have been entirely unprovoked and
highly injurious to the owners of slaves. Slavery
is a State institution, exclusively under State con-
trol and management. It can be established or
abolished at its supreme will and pleasure. Con-
gress has no power over, or right to interfere with
it in any shape whatever. The State governments,
in their regulations upon this subject, are only
responsible to their own constituents, to the gen-
eral laws of propriety, humanity, and justice, and
to God. Any attempt to disturb the relations
existing between the master and his slave, by
persons not living within the slave States, is a
violation of the spirit of the Constitution, and
highly reprehensible to the parties engaged m it,
be it done by individuals, parties, or by State
; legislation.
j _ The Abolition party have caused to be circulated
■ in the slave States, incendiary publications with
! the intention of exciting discontent among the
j slaves. They have sent emissaries into these
1 States, instructed to incite the slaves to abandon
their owners, and to aid in their escape, and by
the employment of such practices, have m many
i instances effected their nefarious purposes.
I ^ They have by force within the limits of the free
States taken slaves from the possession of their
rightful owners. These acts, with many others of
a similar kind, Yv'hicn it is unnecessaiy to enumer-
ate, are offensive and injurious to the slave-owner,
and'eannot be justified upon any principle of hon-
esty ormoraliiy. X*he troublesome interference of
these fanatics have counteracted their own avowed
intentions. The use of moral persuasion, the ad-
duction of substantial arguments against the utility
and justness of holding human beings in perpetual
bondage, addressed to the master and not to the
slave, is the only legitimate mode of effecting eman-
cipation. But the people of the North are no more
responsible for the conduct of these fanatics, than
are the citizens of the slave States amenable for
the unlawful acts and heinous offences of their own
horse-thieves, counterfeiters, and murderers.
The northern and southern States mutually
ng committed aggres-
hts, and to a limited
extent it is true. When the States accepted the
Constitution, they agreed to give full jflfect to its
  and to perform all the duties to which
them. The 4th article of that instrument,
