1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
227
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Slavery and the Slave, Trade—Mr. Crisjield.
Ho. of Reps.
giving the slave Srates the right of reclamation,
and making: it the duty of the free States to deliver
up fugitive slaves upon demand, is clear, explicit,
and unequivocal in its intent and meaning. Legis-
lation by any State to avoid the full and faithful
discharge of the duties imposed by said article is
in violation of the spirit and letter of the Constitu-
tion. And they stand justly exposed to the impu-
tation of bad faith and dereliction 6f a pledged
duty. Any laws passed by any southern State in
contravention of the rights of the citizens of the
northern States, is liable to the sameobjections and
imputations. Give governments to these Territo-
ries, and it will bring about a restoration of mutual
good feeling between the South and North, which
may lead to a correction of these aggressive acts.
SLAVERY AND THE SLAVE TXtADE.
SPEECH.OF MR. J. W. CRISFIELD,
OF MARYLAND,
In the House of Representatives,
February 17, 1*849,
On Slavery and the Slave Trade in the District of
Columbia.
The House being in Committee of the Whole, and having
under consideration the state of the Union generally, and
particularly the Bill to provide for carrying into execution
the Twelfth Article of tiie Treaty with Mexico, concluded
at Guadalupe Hidalgo—
Mr. CRISFIELD rose and said:
Mr. Chairman: If this debate had been confined
to the bill under consideration, and to the topics
properly growing out of it; if our attention had
been directed only to questions affecting the ne-
cessity and justice of the late war, the policy of
the treaty with Mexico, and the constitutional
duty of Congress to make the appropriations ne-
cessary to carry that treaty into effect, I "should
not have thought it necessary, at this late hour, to
claim the attention of the committee. I should
have left these subjects to be discussed by the su-
Ferior abilities and intelligence of others by whom
am surrounded. And if, sir, the debate had
been confined to the nature and extent of the pow-
ers of this Government to frame and establish sys-
tems of government for the territories acquired by
that treaty, and to authorize or forbid ne^ro slavery
therein, I should still have remained silent. Upon
these questions, at the last session, 1 expressed
my opinions, and I have since seen no reason to
change them. Although subsequent reflection and
observation have tended to confirm what I then
ventured to expiess; although new views, confirm-
atory, have piesented themselves to my mind;
and I might probably add something to the argu-
ment; yet, I will content myself with what was
said at that time, and not trouble the Committee
' further on lhat subject.
But, sir, this debate has glided from the topics
properly before us, and we now find ourselves in
the midst of the slavery question. Although nom- |
inally considering our relations with Mexico and '
the recent treaty, we are, in fact, considering negro
slavery in the United States. That which is now
in progress is but the contmuatipn of the debate
which has, at frequent intervals, been going on
during the whole session. We are prone to glide
into this subject. Prom whatever point we start,
we always terminate with^lavery. This tendency
demonstiates. the importance of the subject, and
the deep and absorbing interest it excites in this
House and the country. We have it before us in j
every form, and constantly. We have heard the [
ultras on both sides. We have listened to the j
various and conflicting opinions of gentlemen, day ,
after day, on slavery in the abstract, with all its j
merits and vices, seal or supposed; on slavery in j
the States: in the Territories.of the United States; :
and in this District To my constituents, this is '
a deeply interesting subject, especially that branch j
which relates to the abolition of slavery in this j
District. They feei that if the doctiines which j
have been proclaimed here, and the measures pro- „
posed should be adopted, they would be scarcely .
less injurious to them, or more alarming and in- ;
suiting, than would be.the direct emancipation of |
their slaves by the act of this Government. Under j
these circumstances, it is due to them, to this j
House, and the country, that their opinions and *
feelings should be made known; and as this prob-
ably will be the only occasion I shall have, I must
overcome my reluctance to debate questions not
properly before us, and invoke the attention of the
committee for a brief space, while I consider sla-
very and the slave trade in the District of Colum-
bia,
In the debate on the Pacheco case, early in the
present session, some novel propositions respect-
ing slavery were held. In that case, it was con-
tended that slaves were not property. The gen-
tleman from New Hampshire, [Mr. Wilson,]
who, a few days ago, delighted us with his elo-
quence, and startled us with his strong expressions,
in the debate referred to,, while speakingof plaves,*
said, " the Constitution of the United States re-
4 garded them altogether, from beginning to end, as
' persons, and nothing else; it did not regard them
4 as property in any form." And the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Palfrey,] also affirmed
the same proposition. He is reported to h^ve
said, *' that the Constitution of the United States
' in those places in which it was understood to
4 refer to slaves, spoke of them uniformly, not as
4 property, but as persons, and that no case had
4 been produced in which any United States court,
4 or any court of any fiee or slave State, had de-
4 cided slaves to be property, under the Federal Con-
4 stituilon.
For some purposes, undoubtedly, the Constitu-
tion of the United States treats slaves as persons;
for instance, in apportioning representation on this
floor, slaves are enumerated, each slave being le-
garded as three-fifths of a man. So, also, in appor-
tioning taxes. And the slaveholding States them-
selves, without an exception, it is believed, for
some purposes, regard slaves as persons; for in-
stance, it is murder to slay a slave, precisely as it
is to kill a free man. All crimes committed on
their persons are punished in the same mode as if
committed on the persons of freemen. They are
also subject to the criminal laws, entitled to the
same privileges of trial and defence, and are pun-
ished, in most of the States, as freemen, for like
offences. But they are also regarded by the Fed-
eral Constitution as property; and I cannot but
feel surprised that two gentlemen so justly distin-
guished should have controverted it.
The language of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts is indefinite. He has not announced his
proposition with that precision which might have
been expected from his learning and intelligence.
Does he mean that property in slaves is not created
by the Federal Constitution? If so, he is combat-
ing a proposition which no one affirms. The Fed-
eral Constitution creates property in no personal
chattel. The right exists independent of the Con-
stitution, and existed before it was established.
We hold our slaves, as we do our horses, under
State laws, or the common law; and all which has
ever been contended for is, that our property in
slaves is recognized,and sanctioned, and sustained,
by the Federal Constitution.
The Constitution of the United States provides,
that—
"No person held toseivice oi labor in one State, under i
the law* thereof; escaping into another, *hall. in consequence ,
of any law or legnlation therein, be discharged liom .-uch j
service or labor, Inn shall be dehveied up, on claim of the j
paity to whom such bcivice or labor may bo due. I
The meaning of this is clear; there is no ambi- 1
guity, no obscurity. What is property? It is that ,
which is under thedomimon ofa person,and which j
cannot, at any time, be withdrawn from his con- I
troi, without his consent. It is the result of law; :
and whatever may be held by law is property.
Men may be the property of men, in the same 1
way, and as perfectly, as horses. No legal dis- i
tinction can be shown to exist. None does exist. ;
; Now, what says the Constitution? It speaks of.
! " pci&ons held to service or labor in one State by j
| the laws thereof." There is no qualification, no :
i limitation. It uses apt and certain language, i
' perfectly desciiptive of the thing intended, and de- i
: dares, that this class of persons, " escaping into !
j another State," shall not 44 be discharged from j
: such service or labor, but shall be delivered up on j
' claim of the party to whom such scrvice or labor may ,
! be due." Now, what can that person be, who is j
! held to service or labor by another, and shall not j
. be discharged, but must be delivered up to him (
; 44 to whom such service or labor may be due,*' .
i but the property of that other? Language could !
not be mure explicit; argument can aid nothing to
its force.
But it is said that the term " persons" being
used, and not "slaves," there is no property ad-
mitted. This is rather hypercritical, Itiscaviling
about words when we are dealing with ideas. The
Constitution presents the idea of property; and has
used clear and explicit language to convey it, and
the only language that certainly would have con-
veyed that idea. It was the work of good lawyers;
Hieir design was well formed, and fitly expressed.
The term slave would not have done it. Its mean-
ing is not definite, and would not of itself have
implied property. There is nothing, therefore, in
the objection drawn from the failure of the Consti-
tution to use the term slave. The idea of property
in persons is quite as manifest and much more cer-
tainly expressed by the phraseology it has adopted.
Every department of the Government has ad-
mitted and acted on this interpretation of the Con-
stitution.
Congress, by act of February 12, 1793, made
provision for the recapture of fugitive slaves. The
3d section of that act provided, <c That when a
person held to labor, &c., shall cscape, &c., the
person to whom such labor or service may be due,
| &c., is hereby empowered to seize or arrest such
: fugitive from labor, and take him," &c.
_ And again: The Federal Government has exer-
cised the taxing power on the slaves of the slave-
holding States as upon other property. The act
of July 9, 1798, " to provide for the valuation of
lands and dwelling-houses, and the enumeration of
slaves within the United States," gives directions
for making out lists of property, and says: tl la
respect to slaves, the said lists shall specify the
number above the age of twelve and under fifty
years of age, owned or possessed by, or under the
care of, each person, with "the name of such per-
son."
The 5th section, of the act of Congress of 22d
July, 1813, is as follows:" That whenever a direct
tax shall be' laid by the authority of the United
States, the same shall be assessed and laid on the
value of all lands, Jots of ground, with improve-
ments, dwelling-houses, and slaves., which several
articles, subject to taxation, shall be enumerated
and valued by the respective assessors, at the rate
each of them is worth in money."
The 5th section of the act of the 9th of January,
1815, is to the same effect. It provides:
"That the said direct tax, hud by this act, shall be assessed
j and lawl on the value of all lands and lots of ground, with
i their improvement*, dwelling-houses, and slaves, which
I several .uncles, subject to taxation,-shall-be enumerated and
j valued by the respective assessors, at the rate t-ach of them
is worth in money."
This subject has also engaged the attention of
| the treaty-making branch of the.Government, and
its action is entirely in accordance with the spirit
of these acts of Congress. It has fully admitted
that slaves were property under the Federal Con-
stitution—has itself respected the right ofthqowner,
•and caused it to be respected by others. In the
Convention with Great Britain, on the 20th Octo-
ber, 1818, designed to carry into effect the treaty
of Ghent, the right of property in slaves was
affirmed by the United States; and the fifth article
of that Convention was assented to as providing a
method of settling the difficulty which existed be-
tween the two Governments on this subject. I will
quote the whole article as best explaining the
grounds of difference, and the views of our Exec-
utive. It is as follows:
" Art. 5. Whereas it, wa« agreed by the first article of the
treatv oi Gneiit,lhat 'all territories, places.an.I pos.-essions,
what-')cv( i. uikdi by cither party fiom the otln r, dining
titf wat, or which may betaken after the signing of this
treaty, excepting only the i>lands heicmafter mentioned,
slialI bo restored without del.iv. and without cau.-mg any
distinction, or cur) ins away any of the ariilh tj, or other
public property onginalh captuted m the *aid Iort< or places,
whi'-h shall icinam (herein, upon the e vehange of the ratifi-
cations of thn- tieaty, or any slaves, or other pnvate prop-
erty;'' and wher-'as under the nfote&aid aiticie, the United
States claim for their'itizens. and </s their private property,
the icstitution of. or full cowpensi,tioit for. all states uho,
at the date of the exchange of the ratifications of the si.id
treatv, vere in any tcriitorxj, places t or possessions, whatso-
ever > directed hijttie said trait if to le restore I to the United
States, but then «tih occupied by the Biiti-h force-, whether
such slaves were at the, date aloie^yd. on *hnre, or on
boaul any Bnti4i ve.-^eis lying hi waters within the temtory
oi juusdietion of ihe United States-; and wheica-. chlieienees
have arisen,'\heihrr, bv the true intent and meaning of
the aforesaid article ot Use treaty ot Ghent, the United
states are enutbd to the restitution of, or tuil compen?a-
Uon foi, all or any slaves, a? above de?cubed, the hi h con-
