230
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 17,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Slavery and the Slave Trade.—Mr. Crisfield.
Ho. or Reps.
of her children will be freely given to defend it.
But love may be curdled into hate. The strongest
attachment may be broken. The adamant may^ be
rent, and Maryland may be turned from the object
of her affection. She makes no threats, she utters
ho defiance; but she implores this Government and
her sister States not to experiment on fier powers
of endurance. She can meet, as the brave man
meets, misfortunes; she may bear injuries, but she
will not tolerate insults.
' But why all this anxiety for the abdflUion of
slavetj in this District? Is not the work proceed-
ing already fast enough ? Have gentlemen con-
sulted the statistics ? They show that this work
has been going on for .years, is now in progress,
and will soon accomplish the object they have in
view. By the census of 1830, there were in this
District 6,119 slaves, and in 1840 there were only
4,594, which is a decrease of a fraction over 23 per
cent., or nearly one-fourth. Alexandria city and
county, according to the census, had m 1840,1,374
slaves, and the residue of the District 3,22.0- Alex-
andria city and county have been retroceded to
Virginia; and if the decrease goes on from 1840 to
1850 irrthe same ratio, there will be less than 2,500
slaves in this District in 1850. But it may reason-
ably be expected, as the number of slaves dimin-
ishes, the work of emancipation will proceed with
accelerated pace; that in the present ten years it
Ift&^roceected more rapidly than in the last; and
that in the next ten years it will go on faster still.
In a few years, therefore, by the quiet operation
Of causes now at work, slavery will entirely dis-
appear from this District without any aid fiom
Congress. What more can be desired by those
who seek its abolition. Surely, they are not moved
by that spirit of faction which delights to stir and
inflame the passions of men ! I will not allow
myself to believe, that they are influenced by un-
patriotic motives! When the object they aim at
is so certainly and rapidly approaching, by natural
causes, without exercising any doubtful power, or
excitifig any jealousy or resentments unfavorable
to the harmony of the Union, why should gentle-
men pursue a course so offensive to a large portion
of the people of this country? Patriotism and true
philanthropy indicate a different course.
Mr. Chairman, an examination of the census
shows us another fact well worthy the attention
of those who desire to promote the welfare of this
'District. Under the influence of the laws now in
force, this District has become a receptacle of free
blacks. They flock here in great numbers. In
1830 there were 6',152 free blacks in this District,-
and in 1840 the number had increased to 8,361, a
little over 35 per cent.; and at the same ratio of
increase their number will be not less than 11,000
in 1850. It is wel! known that this is the worst
class of population in this country—in the fiee oi
slave States. For the most part they are lazy,
idle, and worthless; they corrupt the slaves and
consume the substance of the masters, and are,
themselves, the victims of suffering and crime.
Here, then, is an object worthy the attention of
the philanthropic. Let gentlemen devote them-
selves to devising means by which the condition
of this class may be ameliorated and made useful
citizens, and the rest of the society be freed of, and
protected from, the nuisance. Let them do this,
and they will be rewarded with the admiration of
every right-minded man.
Mr. Chairman, much has been said during this
session on the 3lave trade m this District. "Gen-
tlemen from the North have had their feelings won-
derfully harrowed up by the trade carried on here,
and the gentleman from New York [Mr. Gott]
has made himself quite notorious by his efforts to
stop a traffic which he denounces as " contrary to
natural justice." 1 hope, sir, his efforts in this
behalf may be rewarded by good fiuits among his
own people; elsewhere they will be repaid only
by reproach. Sir, this much-talked-of slave trade
in this District—which has excited such deep feel-
ing, which has sounded the wells of philanthropy
on one side, and on the other has set men to calcu-
lating the value of the Union—is all a humbug at
last, and wholly unworthy of being the cause of
all this outbreak of patriotism and benevolence.
It is not understood that gentlemen refer to the
sale of District slaves; but the evil complained of,
and soughfto be abolished, as gentlemen tell us,
is, that this District is the slave market of the
States. Now, let me ask, is there any evidence
that a single slave has been brought here for sale?
Do the "slave-pens," as they are called, to be
seen from our windows, and which excite the
sympathies of certain gentlemen so much, contain
a single slave, save District slaves? If they do,
they must be there by their* own consent. They
possess the keys to open them, not simply to see
District from any quarter except the State of Ma
ryland for sale or any oiher purpose, except oniy
with and as a part of the family of the master, who
i comes here to make this his permanent and bonak
i jide residence, they are instantly free! The laws
1 of this'District are stringent against the importa-
! tion of slaves, and if they are not executed, it is
| only because the slaves themselves do not choose
j to require it to be done. Washington county,
i being all that remains of the District since the re-
trocession of Alexandria to Virginia, was ceded to
; the United States by the State of Maryland, and
| by the act of Congress of 27th February, 1801,
" the laws of the State of Maryland, as they then
* existed, were continued in force in that part of
* the District which was ceded by that State to the
* United Stated." Maryland, by her act of 1796,
ch. 67, declared, " It shall not be lawful to import
1 or bring into this State, by land or water, any
' negro, mulatto, or other slave, for sale, or to re-
* side within this State; and any person brought
1 into this State, as a slave, contrary to this act, if
4 a slave before, shall thereupon immediately cease
' to be the property of the person so importing, or
4 bringing such slave within this State, and shall he
ifree;,y and there is an exception in favor of any
citizen of the United States who shall come into
the Srate with the intention of settling therein,
and brings his slaves, at the time of his remo-
val, or within a year afterwards. This law is
now in force in this District. The act of Con-
gress of the 3d of May, 1802, does not repeal
it, as some have supposed.. That act provides,
! "That no part of the laws of Virginia and Mary-
| ' land, declared by act of Congress, passed 27th
| ' February, 1801, concerning the District of Co-
< ' lumbia, to be in force within the said District,
j i shall ever be construed so as to prohibit the own-
l * ers of slaves to hire them within, or remove them
[ 4 to the said District, in the same way as was prac-
| * tised prior to the passage of the above recited
, * act." The^sole effect of this act was to allow
I Maryland slaves to be brought into the Maryland
j part of the District, just as if that portion of the
I District had been still a part of that State. Under
j this law, slaves could not be brought from Alex-
1 andria county to Washington county; and s6 the
I law stood, and was acted on, till the act of Con-
! gress of 24th June, 1812, sec. 9. That section
i provides, "That hereafter it shall be lawful for
* any inhabitant or inhabitants, in either of the
* said counties, owning and possessing any slave
* or slaves therein, to remove the same from one
* county into the other; and to exercise freely and
* fully all the rights of property in and over the
' said slatfe or slaves therein, which could be ex
merely colorable, and a fraud on the law of Con-
gress of 1812. In their decision, the court say:
"The Maryland law of 1796 is therefore in force
' in the county of Washington, and the petitioners,
' if brought directly from Virginia into the county
♦of Washington, would, under the provisions of
' that law, be entitled to their freedom. This has
not been denied on the part of the defendant in
the light, and breathe the fresh air of heaven, but iP error, and, indeed, is fully recognized by the
to freedom! If slaves have been brought into this M ' court below, in the first instruction given to the
'jury. And the question turns on the refusal of
* the court to give the instructions prayed, in rela-
' tion to the hiring of the petitioners in the county
' of Alexandria before being brought into the
'county of Washington."
This fully sustains my view; and if further evi-
dence were required to show that the importation
of slaves into this District is unlawful, it is to be
found in the private acts of Congress, specially
passed to allow particular persons to bring into
the District slaves particularly named. By act of
30th June, 1834, Edmund Brooke, of Georgetown,
was authorized and permitted to bring into this
District, from Virginia, his two negro slaves, John
and Alfred, owned by hirTf before his removal from
that State, and to hold the same as his property,
any law to the contrary notwithstanding; and by
the act of 2d March, 1841, John Carter, of George-
town, was authorized to bring from the State of
Alabama, into the District, and hold in like man-
ner, his skve man William. These acts are legis-
! lative declarations that the importation of slaves
! into this District, for any purpose, is forbidden by
! raw.
I All this to-do, then, about slave trade in this
| District, is sheer nonsense. It does not exist, ex-
i ccptfor the domestic purposes of the District. It is
i to be found only in the crotchet of some northern
' brain. The laws forbid the importation, except
J from Maryland; and there is no evidence that any
j are brought here from that State; certainly, if any
] are brought, the number is extremely limited.
And yet, without examining the facts, or having
consulted the law, on the mere cry of wolf, started
by the mischievous or the wicked, this House and
the country work themselves into a terrible excite-
ment. The northern man, " remembering to for-
get" that'it was the avarice of his fathers which
fixed this institution upon us, puis on a long face
and a pharisaical countenance, reads homilies on|
natural rights, equality, ordinance of 1787, free
soil, and emancipation; and refrains to look out at
yon window, lest his delicate sensibilities should
be crushed, by witnessing the enormities of the
traffic in human flesh and blood! And your
southern hotspur, whose temper is as ardent as
his climate, cries out southern rights, resolutions
of 1798, nullification, resistance, force, blood, dis-
union! Sir, how unnecessary, how worse than
unnecessary, is all this! How will it read in his-
tory? The Union dissolved oil Gott's resolution!
When posterity shall read the record, will they
not exclaim, that the follies of nations, as of men,
are incomprehensible and past finding out?
If the slave trade, as it exists here, be offensive
to gentlemen, let it be abolished, or at least regu-
■ ercised over him, her, or rfiem, in the county l| Iated, so that, while the rights of property are
from whence the removal was made, anything in :j respected, the moral sense and taste of our noith-
'any legislative act m force at this time in either  
' of the said counties to the contrary notwithstand- !
' ing." This law only gave the right of transmis- |
sion from one county to the other, but did not '
otherwise enlarge the right to import from other j
quarters; and Alexandria county being no longer j
a part of the District, the act of the 24th June, \
1812, is repealed by the act of retrocession. The 1
law, therefore, now stands as it did before the act '
of 1812; the Maryland act of 1796 is in full force ;
here, and all slaves are excluded, except those .
coming from that State. 1 am sustained in this
view by the opinion of the Supreme Court, in the
ern friends shall not be offended. If slaves are
brought here from Maryland for sale, let it be
stopped. We shall not object to it. We exclude
them from our State, and we are willing that this
District, and other States, shall follow our prece-
dent. Slavery in Maryland exis's in a mild form.
Our laws respect and defend the rights of the mas-
ter to the fullest extent; but, consistent with, the
owner's right, they favor emancipation. Our pol-
icy is to rid ourselves of the entire black race,
i We exclude the black man, bond and free, from
| our borders, and we facilitate the emancipation and
t ' t o -n ,'r> ,, '"i   i deportation of our slaves. We do not allow the
oTe ,-rS" Lee; 8,PueterS ,Re P-'f; thati emancipated slaveto remain amongus. We tax our
e! the petit.oner.^had been slaves of the defend- !l people, and annually devote a large sum to send
removed, hi 1820, into II him to, and support him in, the land of his fathers.
We desire to be rid of the race. If this were practi
ant in Virginia, and weie  , ...     ,
Alexandria county, District of Columbia, and'there !
mon1h«0neTh' 3 year'Jlnd the otje!! for Q few cable, slavery would cease at once in Maryland.
™ m V'T ■ remo™d Wash- ! It is not generally profitable; and we retain it, and
vy' 7 teur4mu J-°f W,oCh county I! slla'I continue to retain it, not because we are
JllSf, '|sn' a"f t fr,0™1817- • They enamored of it, but from necessity; not for profit,
j . I . e om S'^er , act 1796, , but for protection. Free blacks arc pests to society;
alipoMnir th ^c, °, P.0l1^es® p'1 February, 1801, . lessm&nageablfe,andgreaternuisances, than slaves.
b g, a e iring in Alexandria county was We cannot tolerate them. Unless some practica-
