1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
231
30th Cong 2d Sess.
California and New Mexico—Mr. J. A. Rockwell.
Ho. of Reps.
ble plan be devised for removing the black race
from among us, slavery will continue to exist in
our State. Our security requires it.
- Now, Mr. Chairman, the same policy which we
have deemed necessary and proper to adopt for our
security and protection, we are willing shall be
adopted for this District. We are willing to give
up any advantage we now may be supposed to
have, of bringing our slaves into this District fo£
sale or service. Put us on the same footing which
the other States are, and we shall not complain.
Adopt for this District our laws, and we are con-
tent. They are safe, and have proved beneficial
to us, and we are willing that they shall he extended
to the people of this District. We believe they
would be beneficial to them ; acceptable to the
whole South ; and ought to be satisfactory to the
North.
Slavery, Mr. Chairman, has always been a sub-
ject of discord in this country. It was the princi-
pal difficulty in the formation of the Constitution;
and it may perhaps be doubted, whether the pro-
visions of that instrument relating to it were ever
entirely satisfactory to alt parties. The South
believed that it had yielded too much—the North
that it had gained too little. Unfortunately it Was
made an element of political power; and from the
formation of the Constitution to this day, the con-
troversy has been going on—the ore side endeav-
oring to enlarge Us influence, the other struggling
to curtail or counteract it. The conflict has been
constantly in progress with more or less violence;
now almost absorbed in more exciting questions,
then bursting forthwith terrific energy, ingulfing
all other interests. In 1819-20, on the Missouri
question, it agitated the whole country, and threat-
ened to dash m pieces the American Confederacy;
and the danger was only averted by the prudence
of the men of that day, and by resorting to an ex-
pedient which it would be difficult to justify on
any other ground than a desire to avoid a great
and impending evil. Again the same fierce con-
test agitates and divides us, destroying the harmo-
ny which should prevail between the different sec-
tions of the Union, and making enemies of those
who ought to be friends. On the one side, this
struggle for power has been exasperated by the
misplaced benevolence and fierce fanaticism which
it has called into existence; on the other, by de-
nunciation and contumely, by assaults on admitted
rights, and by the apprehension of domestic inse-
curity. Both sides have erred, and both have
cause of repentance and regret. It is, perhaps,
not for me, JVlr. Chairman, to sit in judgment on
the conduct of a whole people; yet I should be
faithless to those who sent me here, if I were to
withhold my opinions. I believe that much of the
bitterness of this contest is owing to the blunders
and mistakes, not to say the wickedness and bad
faith, which may be seen on both sides; and that
good will come of making them known. The first
lesson of amendment is to acquire a knowledge of
error. I speak not to irritate, but to soothe—not
in the tone of passion, but in the soberness of truth.
The Constitution left slavery where it found it—
a State institution, exclusively under the control
of the States where it existed, and guarantied its
protection by engaging to redeliver to the owner
fugitives from service. Northern people have been
faithless to this engagement. It has been con-
stantly violated from the hour of its acceptance to
the present moment. They have never been con-
tent to leave slavery to the exclusive management
of the States where it existed; but, by every pos-
sible means of annoyance, they have sought to
disturb, and ultimately, abolish it. I hey have
assailed it as a great moral evil, a reproach to the
country, a sin for which the whole people was
responsible; ihey have proclaimed, that human
beings cannot be property ami denied our title to
slaves; they have attacked the justice and the right
of the representation for three-fmhs of the slaves
on this floor. These, and other dangerous doc-
trines, in every conceivable form, through the
press and from this Hall, have been scattered all
over the slaveholding States, uprooting society,
creating disaffection among the slaves, prompting
them to insurrection and civil ^.endangering the
firesides, and diminishing the weal.h of the South.
Northern people have facilitated the escape 0. our
slaves—they have comforted and s"8'*1"6!1 ^
fugitives—they have embarrassed .the mastei in his
attempts to recapture his property—withheld from
him all aid and countenance—hunted him with
mobs, with violence, and,once,at least, with death.
We have seen northern men going out of their
way, sometimes leaving this Hall, to sympathize
with notorious slave-stealers,and for no conceivable
reason but to exasperate the South, disgrace and
degrade it, We now see the North united as one
man, at any hazard, to prevent southern people,
with their property, from enjoying equally with
northern people, the fruits of their joint labors and
common sacrifices. And more: we see a large
portion of the northern people seeking to abolish
slavery in this District, which, if not a violation
of the Constitution, is at least a violation of private
right, and a fraud on the State which granted the
territory to the Government. And all this for no
other reason but to provoke the slaveholding States,
and weaken the relation between the master and
slave.
These proceedings on the part of the North,
notorious as they are aggressive, adverse to the
harmony of the Union, and destructive of the in-
terests and the property of the slaveholding States,
have called into action at the South a spirit scarcely
less dangerous or less to be condemned. Acting
under a sense of insult and inju'-y, the South un- j
wisely and improperly refused, some years ago, to
receive petitions on the subject of abolition, from
the North, and in effect denied the right of petition.
This was an unfortunate error, and did more to
strengthen the abolition feeling at the North than
the abolitionists themselves would have been able
to accomplish in half a century. It united the ad-
vocates of right of petition to the abolitionists, and
made the latter in some degree -respectable. It
gave them a real and substantial object to contend
for. It did more: it betrayed the sensitiveness
and fear of the South; it showed the country and
the world that the South had no confidence in its
power and ability to maintain its position. This
inspired her adversaries with new energy. So far
from being intimidated by the refusal to leceive .
their petitions, they returned to the contest with ;
renewed vigor; and, finally, the South, unable to I
defend its ill-chosen ground, had to recede, and re- !
ceive, without reservation, these offensive petitions. I
This whole proceeding was agieat mistake. With-1
out the opposition to the reception of their petitions, j
and the union it brought about between them and
those who maintained the light of petition, the j
Abolitionist of that day would have been simply
contemptible. If their petitions had been le-
ceived, and answered by u cool and well-tempered
report, showing the mischievous consciences
i which would follow if their views were enacted
: into practice, the whole country would, at that
time, have discouraged their efforts; and they
would, long since, have been consigned to oblivion.
But opposition gave them importance and a power
for evil,-which, otherwise, they never would have
possessed.
Next came the annexation of Texas; a measure ,
projected by southern men avowedly to preserve .
the prepondeiance of the slave States. The aboli- j
tion clamor was made the pretext for it. It re- ,
ceived, it is true, northern votes; and without
them, would never have been consummated; but j
they were obtained only by adroitly connecting j
annexation with the fortunes of a southern candi- !
date for the Presidency; and by the mere force of,
party drill, his adherents in the North were forced J
into its support. It was, nevertheless, a southern :
measure, arid designed by its projectors to increase
the weight, and preserve the preponderance, of
the slaveholding States in the Senate. Texas was ;
slave teriitory, and sufficient in size for five States ,
of the largest class. Notwithstanding northern ,j
votes had supported the measure, it alarmed and ||
exasperated the northern States. They believed ij
they saw in it the worst consequences. They be- (!
lieved that the South, jealous of the rapid growth ,
of the non-slaveholdmg States, was striving to de-
prive them of the power and advantages which, j
in their judgment, their increase of wealth and j
population entitled them to. The annexation of
Texas was denounced, as prompted by a spirit (
unfriendly to the harmony ot the Union, and de- j
signed to humiliate the North; that it inflicted an j
unprovoked wrong on Mexico, and would cost us^
a war with that power. Well, sir, war came. Itcost
us one hundred and fifty millions of money, and
thirty thousand lives—of which the North will
pay its full share. It ended, as was predicted,
with a further acquisition in that quarter. A ter-
ritory, in size, equal to one-fourth of the whole of s
the organized States, has thus been added to our
limits; and is it reasonable to suppose that the
North will quietly submit, that this vast acquisi-
tion now free, made without its consent, and against
its will, and, as the North charges, to keep the
free States in the minority, shall become slave
territory? Would the South, under like circum-
stances, submit5 Northern people besought us
not to rob Mexico—not to bring new territory
into the Union to disturb the fraternal feeling here-
tofore subsisting between the different sections of
this Confederacy. They told us they would never
submit to a further extension of slavery; that if we
pressed the acquisition, they would make it free
territory; and if, by so doing, evil consequences
followed, we, and not they, were responsible for
them. Yet in the face of these warnings and ad-
monitions, we pressed the conquest—we sent our
victorious eagles into the heart of Mexico—we
acquired the territories. And cah we, ought we,
to expect to find northern people, with their views
of the Constitution and of slavery, willing to allow
us to devote these acquisitions to southern policy?
Sir, both parties to this controversy are, or have
been, wrong. The course of neither can be justi-
fied. Each has sought ns own sectional aggrand-
izement in a mode inimical to the Union. It is
time to pause. We cannot much longer pursue
the course we are upon without disaster. Let us
end the strife. Let the few remaining days of this
session be consecrated to the work of peace—-to
dispelling the feelings of enmity and distrust which
now agitate and distract the country.
If northern gentlemen are strong enough to carry
the territorial bills m their own way. let them do
it. I shall oppose them. I believe their favorite
proviso is unconstitutional; I opposed it at the last
session—I shall do it again. But if I am voted
dow n, I shall submit; and this, in my judgment, is
the duty of every man. I will, by no act of mine,
promote scctional discord, or weaken the bonds
which unite these States. And, Mr. Chairman, if
the proviso be stricken out, let there be a corre-
sponding acquiescence by our northern brethren.
At all events, let us act; the peace of the country
requires it—the wants of the Territories demand it.
Let us also remove the causes of agitation in this
District. If need be, pass a suitable bill regulating
the introduction of slaves. Put a stop to the slave
trade, if it exist, as complained of; but at the same
time, let us respect and guard the vested rights of
the citizen and owner. I should doubt the efficacy
of the bill reported by my honorable friend from
Ohio, [Mr. Edwards.] I think it would not ac-
complish the objects he aims at, and would soon
be found4 or fancied, an object of discontent to our
northern friends. For many reasons I would pre-
fer to see the Maiyland policy adopted.
And, Mr. Chairman, let northern people cease to
taunt us for our institutions. Let them be content
with their superior advancement and prosperity, if,
indeed, they have them. They cannot scold us
into their way of thinking. We can judge best
what will promote our interests. If slavery be a
sin, they are not responsible for it; if injurious,
ours is the burden.
Mr. Chairman, I will no longer detain the com-
mittee.   
CALIFORNIA AND XEW MEXICO:
SPEECH OF MR. J. A. ROCKWELL,
OF CONNECTICUT,
In the House or Representatives,
February 17, 1849,
In relation to Slavery in the Territories.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, on the hill to provide for carrying into execu-
tion, in ptnt, the twelfth article ot the treaty will) Mexico-
Mr. ROCKWEL-L said:
Mr. Cn human: The Legislature of Connecti-
cut, on the 24th of June, 1S47, passed the following
resolutions, which have been presented to the
House of Representatives, and printed:
<< Wherpe* in eon-wim net of the admission of Texas
;> into the Uinon, and el the order ot the President, without
II the aiuliontyot the Consuiuuim or the law, directing ttoopa
